A much cleaner solution is simply to exchange flash drives with friends.

I have bought the same piece of music in albums, 45's, tape, 8 track, cassettes, CD and off the internet to name only a few, I sure don't feel sorry for the music industry.

Her first mistake is not getting a lobbyist to buy a politician. How many Wall Street banksters have gone to jail or had to pay?

I seem to recall that this lady could not afford either of the offers made to settle the case earlier so that is why it got strung out to the Supremes.   Not overly surprising that they would turn it down.Ultimately, what is the point of the judgement?  She couldn't afford $3,500 then, she definitely cannot afford $222,000 now.And the biggest losers are taxpayers who are going to foot the bill for the original case and every appeal up the chain.

So, don't pay and let them have wasted all the money they spent on this case.

This case is the definition of empty victory.

Just declare bankruptcy and move on with your life.

The Recording Industry Association of America should just drop the issue. This woman has probably dropped enough on lawyers and such to teach her a lesson. Grinding a poor person into grist just because you can is bad publicity. It would be different if she'd made a fortune or ANY substantial money from this thing, but she didn't.

Yet when corporations steal from we the people (our tex dollars) they get away with it.This country is no longer a democracy.

So I buy a cd or digital download. My friend buys a different one. We trade thumb drives. No different than loaning a cassette, 8 track, vinyl record, or CD to a friend. Music industry is none the wiser. Case closed.Suddenly Jammie found herself surrounded by a really bad lot, biker gang members, drug pushers and lawyers for recording companies.

So.... I can get for free songs I already paid for right?  I mean.. I even have receipts. Old 8 tracks.. even a reel to reel.....  Might have to look into that....

I will beat the drum myself and dance to the beat.It will be cheaper.

The entire paradigm of profit for the recording industry needs to be dismantled and built anew. This is ridiculous.

the country just released 30,000 violent illegals from prison, yet they're considering putting a non-violent offender in prison?  I don't agree with what she did, but this doesn't make sense.  isn't there something else she can do to make it up to the record companies?

Here is the plan.Quit your job, blow town, work under the table. Move frequently. Cash and carry only. Oh, they will find you, they will track you....but there is nothing to get out of you.Wasted time and effort and money.Oh, it drives them freakin' nuts.And they will spend all the money they intended to bleed out of you, trying to get that money out of you.Hey, if you go to jail, they won't get it, either.The whole point is: deny them "their" money.Make it a war.Not that I advocate such irresponsibility, generally...but: look at your government. Look at the banks.And tell me again why we should give a damn about paying OUR bills?

Why bother? The recording industry is already toast. Bands make their money from live performances and from sponsors in commercial advertising. This is absurd.

LOL she did what they wanted her to do.  An individual unsophisticated enough to defend themselves goes all out to the supreme court setting a precedences that courts will consider when new cases come up.    She is probably working for them.

Women downloads $100 of music if that and its a crime. RIAA thugs try to extort her for $3,500 and it's legal. Now she has to pay them a quarter of a million dollars. How is the RIAA not an organized crime syndicate?

The issues are protection of intellectual property rights and reverence for the law. Even laws we don't like or agree with.Its not the downloading their after - its the sharing."The industry presented evidence that Thomas-Rasset made available over 1,700 songs to other computer"

When I go to buy music and ask why the price is so high, they say it is because people copy it.  If the "copying" is already written into the price, how can they sue?

Is anyone else besides me who is interested in what 24 songs triggered the law suit?

How could she afford the lawyer for this long?

I can't verify this first hand, but back in the day when real people could still go bankrupt without engaging the services for 3 lawyers in order to do it, weren't law schools supposed to teach their students about the folly of bringing suit against an individual lacking the means to pay the potential remedy/judgment? Jammie Thomas-Rasset would appear to be such a case, if what is in the article is true. A couple of public spirited lawyers should help her do that very thing pro bono. Otherwise, this smacks of the corporatocracy grinding someone under, simply because they can. Maybe what Jammie did was wrong. Sat she's totally at fault. Is all this what she deserves? It's a slippery slope from this point to going back to death penalties for all sorts of crimes, stonings, cutting off hands, canings, poor houses, debtor's prisons, etc.

Too bad for them.  They played #$%$ for a long time.  Hope she has a peaceful life.

The RIAA doesn't seem to understand the concept of winning the battle but losing the war.Nobody loves a big rich bully picking on a poor woman who committed a minor infraction.  Nobody.  And the damages are just completely obscene here.

We sing about beauty/And we sing about truth/For two million dollars a show/- Dr Hook and the Medicine Show

A mother of 2 from the area where I live got caught up in this nonsense too. $300,000 and costs was the judgement against her. Now, how in the hell is a working single mother of 2 supposed to pay off $300,000 dollars ?? She'll be in debt for the rest of her life while her children will have to do without.

The business model of selling physical recordings is dead.My prediction of the new business model for recording artists -Step A - Let anyone who wants to listen to your music download it, share it, spread it around, anything but sell it (this actually has a name - it's called a 'copyleft'). Donations are optional.Step B - If your music is good and gets a lot of followers, then you "sing for your supper" by playing live venues for big money. (Donors get first crack at tickets!)Wikileaks or Anonymous should be able to pony that up.  Deep pockets from the "We Are the World" symphony orchestra.  :)

Stop buying music from these companies. Remember when these companies price colluded and they just got a slap on the wrist?

Who could pay that?

I think the music industry should pay us for their false advertising. They call most of the #$%$ out there today music? Lol

Record Industry? Who buys physical music anymore? My new car has an mp3 plug and a radio but no CD player. I guess their profit margins are dependent on collections and judgements now.

Music Industry People in need? lol

At 35, she is already a grandmother?

It's going to take bullets to take this country back.

If the Music industry put this much effort into thinking about ways to sell their music digitally before file sharing sites took over? Maybe they wouldn't be in this predicament? They were/are greedy fools. These lawsuits show that. I hope the internet changes everything and musicians can sell their music without give much of the proceeds away to these greedy execs.

You can illegal download copyrighted material on the Internet? I'm shocked! Shocked I say!Maybe she should have argued what she did was just undocumented not illegal. It seems to work for others.

Internet radio is basically free, and you can listen to just about any song you want whenever you want....It's just stupid to pirate music these days...

This has more to do with congress's back pocket than equability.

My ex died owing over $200K on one loan, overdrawn on her bank accounts, maxed out on her credit cards, owing another $300K+ on a different contract and not having paid taxes on her business for two years.  When she died, her druggy friends emptied her place out before her kids could recover any of their mom's personal property.  My ex's creditors chance of collecting what they are owed is about the same as that of the winners of this lawsuit.

An appeals court will require her to sell a kidney and donate her grandchild.

Record off the radio.  Problem solved.

She should just print her own money, that's what Obama's doing.

How many peoepl have file shared their collections that they have on their harddrives. I downloaded over 500GB of music from a friends harddrive and he had ammassed his collection by downloads from other peopel. SO DO WE ALL OWE for these down loads.

Anyone who thinks the recording company is justified in suing a woman for $222,000 over 24 songs is an idiotYeah,these lazy morons charging hundreds of dollars to see their #$%$ music live 'earned their money' but a hardworking individual who downloaded 24 lousy songs is a criminal?These so called entertainers should be happy they even get the chance to have an audience listen to their music.These people should be paying us to listen to their garbage

Very unfair judgment, not even close to punishment fitting the crime.The electronics industry"gives man instincts. He gives you this extraordinary gift (computers), and then what does He do, I swear for His own amusement, his own private, cosmic gag reel, He sets the rules in opposition. It's the goof of all time. Look but don't touch. Touch, but don't taste. Taste, don't swallow. Ahaha. And while you're jumpin' from one foot to the next, what is he doing? He's laughin' His sick, #$%$' #$%$ off! He's a tight-#$%$!"You can buy the tools to burn it, you can buy the medium to burn it on, but you cannot use it...Soon you will be sued for carpooling, sharing a meal, soda or even a cup of water.... After all more money would line the pockets of the seller if nobody was allowed to share anything....

If people can sneak into the country illegally and get rewarded for it how can this woman be punished? Either enforce all the laws or none. I don't care either way but pick one. This selective enforcement is BS.

These people's lives are being destroyed for what would be the cost of one weekend's promo   for the record companies. Good bye and good riddance. Their greed dug their graves years ago, now they're all upset about going down. Boo hoo hoo.

45000 bootleg cd's at $5 a piece will cover it, get to work girl

Years ago when they brought out the cassette, everyone including me would tape songsfrom the radio, Never had to pay royalities. People buy cd's and make numerous copiesfor their friends and family. No royalities on those copies. You sign up with ITunes or Amazonand buy songs from 99 cents to 1.29 and then share those songs with others only payingroyalities on the original purchase.   What I'm getting at is that they need to drop this suit.Let it go.

You can say someone has to pay a billion dollars but if they don't have it or never will have it you just wasted your time.

"grossly disproportionate" No kidding! I bet all 24 songs they are suing for can be had for a dollar each on iTunes. What point are they trying to make here? They are asking for 28,125 dollars per song.  Thats 28,125 times more that what she stole and made available to other users.

She breaks the law lives off the taxpayers money at least in part.  Refused to pay a settlement.  Give these people a judgment  and do not let her live on welfare so she can avoid paying.

Record labels are maggots that have been screwing artists for almost a century.  $675,000?  Give me a break.

Theres no new music being created any more that is worth buying...no less pirating.To survive the recording industry only real income comes from these lawsuits.If I like your music I'll steal it, if I love your music I'll buy it. That's the way it should be To eliminate mediocrity in the music biz.

I think it is an example of might makes right.

To make up for lost money on downloaded music (not to mention artists &amp; albums that aren't worth the money it cost to market their material), Record Companies began relying more on what cash they could milk from copywrite lawsuits.  They deserve to go bankrupt.

Woman who lost downloading case says she can't payJust sell your music collection on a download music site

Hey, she knew it was a crime.  Boo hoo for her.  As for all of the "who cares" people here, you don't get it, do you?  Session musicians get paid royalties, too.  You think it's all your big time celebrities crushes and the "evil record companies".  Wrong  Next time someone steals something you worked hard to make, say "who cares."

Wow the RIAA must really hate Spain and Sweden

If she were a big bank, she would get bailout money.

Somebody has a judge in their pocket.

Her Law bill for 3 trails and appeals over the last 10 years has to be in the $50,000 - $100,000 in Civil Court (no court appointed "FREE LAWYER")  and she could of payed $2,500 in payments and they might of taken less to skip their legal fees(Court Cost X3) but I bet they sold the Debt to a Bill Collection agent and walked away !!

You can't squeeze blood out of a turnip.It is not because she was convicted to this amount that the record companies will actually insist on receiving that amount. It happens all the time that people lose in court and end up with a judgement they can't pay. It's simple, if you don't have anything at all, you can't pay and no one can force you to pay. However, from the moment you have something at least above legal minimums, they technically can. If she has a job then they can try and get part of that. Most likely it is more important for the record company to have this judgment in their favor than to actually have that amount of money. There are many such precedents where a company wins a large judgement against someone who is homeless or out of the job and the companies don't push it. It is obviously still an uncomfortable situation since depending on the country and applicable laws, these judgment might still be enforced decades later, so if in 20 years you do have property and have forgotten about it, they still might send repo man and take everything you own.

Why is OK for the people on Wall Street  to destroy the economy and nothing happens to them.  They don't go to jail, pay a fine, nothing.  Yet this small fish does something small, and the charge a huge fine on her.  Might as well be a billion dollars, she can pay the fine.I thought we had the best justice system in world.  What happened?

I remember purchasing a cassette of Dead Kennedys' "In God We Trust, Inc." It was an EP and they put all the songs on one side. The other side was purposely left blank with the following message printed on it: "Home taping is killing record industry profits! We left this side blank so you can help." I miss the Dead Kennedys.

At least we have uniformity here, bought and paid for congress and bought and paid for court system. Let the peons eat cake its more then they deserve anyway.

So basically .99 cent song will cost you roughly $3,500? Doesn't make any sense. A damn drunk driver who breaks the law gets fine less than that.

Lots of people can't pay legal judgements made against them.  She will simply have her wages ganished until she fully pays for it.

A grandmother at 35?

Sue the customers, rip off the talent. What a racket.

Why don't "these" record company's go after the "ETHNICS"  from some OTHER countries, WEST of the United States, no balls??? Have to go after some woman (singular) in Minnesota???

bankruptcy that's the way to go. When you have nothing they cannot get anything. If jailed they government HAS to clothe you, feed you provide free medical care and medicine.The music did not cost $222,000. I think the judgement is #$%$. Also If piracy made companies go bankrupt, most of the companies would already filed. Only a small percentage of things get stolen and the rest people buy.

So, poor people can break laws that result in fines without having to pay?  Like Illegal Immigrants can break laws in sanctuary states like California and not get arrested?What a great country!

Ok, so she broke the law by "illegally" acquiring music over the internet.  She has a chance to settle and go home for $5K. She says "no".  Goes to trial AGAIN, loses and is offered an opprtunity to settle for a $25K donation to charity. She says "no" (again).  Didn't she see the 3RD strike coming....?  For that matter, what did she think she was going to get out of an acquital....?  If she won, there would have been no cash judgement in her favor -- she would just go home.  So now, she thinks she's "OK" because she doesn't have the money...?  I hope she realizes she can't bankrupt her way out of this.  I hope she realizes they could garnish what little income she has for the next 2,000 years until the debt is paid.  She really was poorly advised.....

and elvis made 50 million last year. whats up with that

I've got tons of CDs that I sometimes buy at the swap meet for a quarter and put them on my computer to download to my ipod.  The older the music the better.

Google images= Fat - Black , save money from Mc D and you'll be able to payshould be forced to listen to beiber 24/7

most likely they will take her to prison for the rest of her life.... REALLY?? the courts and lawyers and record companies have nothing better to do?

"Thomas-Rasset added that she became a grandmother in June"...what does that have to do with ANYTHING?!?!?!?!?!?

But yet somehow it's OK for the government to steal tax dollars from my paycheck every week???

1 dollar per song it currently is so settle for 1 buck a song.24 songs (the number in the lawsuit) are worth $222,000?  I agree that amount is extremely excessive.

4 kids and no money....There should be a law.

Screw the record companies. They ripped off all the old blues singers. Let them get a taste of their own medicine.

Dont worry government will bail her out just like they did for GM. Taxpayers only lost close to 40 billion dollars after all was said and done. Obama &amp; GM should be very proud.

Whether or not she has the ability to pay, or the amont excessive, does not chaange the fact that she took something that did not belong to her.

So she can declare bankruptcy. Move on, no show here folks.

She works for Millie Lacs Band of Ojibwe Government, is still on government funding, and became a grandmother at 35. We can only assume who is paying her legal fees.

well that is why people copyright their work to keep sleeze balls from making a profit off of stealing material.  In this case even though from all intent was not profit related Thomas-Rassett knew it was wrong from the gitgo and had a chance to settle early but chose not too,, I don't feel sorry for her stupidity..same goes for Tennebaum.

I don't really understand this verdict... all this lady did was download music... there was no attempt to distribute to make a profit.... the fine should be no more than a thousand dollars... corporate america at it's finest

If you are a major corporation it is nice to know that all of the resources of the U.S. govt are at your disposal. If you are an individual though, you're toast. What happened to free market capitalism where companies made money based on their skills rather than on their ability to get the govt to play enforcer for them?Why don't all the artists who say "it's not about the money" pool their money together and pay this ladies fines? So she shared music illegaly. Every band that has made it from anywhere started out by having their music passed around and copied onto casettes. She helped all of those artists gain a following.

Can't squeeze blood out of a turnip.....even if you try reall really hard.

Lady, don't worry about it, you don't have to pay. Many of these lawsuits, where there are large sums, are purely symbolic, means nothing

35 and a grandmother?

RIAA thugs #$%$. I have 2 giga bytes of your music. I paid nothing :-) you dont want it downloaded dont put it online.

Why isn't there a link to a contributions site link at the bottom of the article, like that girl that accidentally discovered she had cancer?

A lot of young people today have the misguided notion that stealing is ok because they CAN do it.  They are really too stupid to understand how serious violation of copyright laws is.  When you get burned, you get burned HARD.

Well, I think that copyright law has extended the Constitutional "limited period" three times in the past 50 years.  And each time the extention has allowed Disney to maintain their copyright on the original Mickey Mouse "Steamboat Willie" cartoons of the 1930s.  Assuming I am correct, why do you suppose that is?I've always said that our country values Mickey Mouse more than, say, a cure for cancer, which can only be patented for 19 years.  Sad.

I'd say she won.

So now the liberals tell us it is OK to steal if you have no money.WHEN ,YOU PLAY THE GAME==LOSERS HAVE TO PAY, BIG TIME.==SORRY !!!!!!!!!!

Dont forget all the illegal downloads that were traced to the white house. Who do you think did that? Its ok for that tribe tho.

Bankrupcy.

Oh please, she's just a scapegoat.  Ok now go to China sue those same people see if they have anything to offer.

Should have taken the $5000 offer.

Funny how all the "illegal means illegal" drones change their minds on a whim.

With artists like Carrie Underwood charging $2,500 dollars for concert tickets I have no compassion for the music industry and will not go to another concert until the prices are more affordable like they were 20 years ago.

The music industry is no different from the Mafia. "We're gonna sing you an offer ya can't refuse."

Eat my sh|t Lars Ulrich

If your computer gets hacked and turned into a zombie you too can be charged with a crime and loose everything you own.  The case was based on ISP records with no physical evidence that she ever downloaded or shared music.  She never had any money and the jury wanted her to pay $60,000 for each song she was charged with downloading.  That is some justice system we have.And yet the bankers go free!

she stole it, she used it, she gave away what wasn't hers, she has legal reps but no money, but then i'd bet she blames her problems on being a minority when her real problem is she is a thief.

Bankers Steal and destroy lives.  A man died in court fighting Wells Fargo for forclosing his home on a mistake..  After the mistake was shown to be the banks fault (they had a typo and it was the guy living next to him whos home should have been forclosed).  They fought tooth and nail to make this man pay for their mistake, a retiree to who died fighting over that mistake.  We have been told No banker, No wallstreeter will go to court and be held accountable for there mistakes, why the hell are WE held to a different standard?

Those people aren't going to make a dime off this.  I hope that this worthless judgment cost them a million.  The RIAA is a dinosaur that deserves the extinction it has earned.

I wonder if the bankruptcy courts can save her.  This is a matter of getting blood out of a turnip and there is no way in the world she can pay this off.  And how is she paying for all of her legal expenses?  Lawyers generally charge between $150 and $300 per hour and it seems that they have spent one heck of a lot of hours on this case.

Hi-ho Hi-ho, its off to jail we go.....

Yet bankers commit massive and systemic fraud, bribery, perjury, manipulation of interest rates, launder billions for drug cartels, trade with terrorists, front run stock trades, cheat on taxes, manipulate commodity prices and evict servicemen from their homes -- without criminal prosecution???The rule of law is dead in the US.

Okay this is what I don't understand how crazy this country has become: go after this lady with no money but let the banks off the hook for putting people out of their homes unjustly. This world has just gone mad!!

I have akways been concerned about cases like these. First, NO Phyical evidence was ever Recovered. Yes, that evidence could have been destoyed, but it is also possible that aa network was hacked, or evn an IP address was spoofed.There is also the issue of Fair Use. A few years ago i had the task of putting a bunch of my wifes music on her Zune. The Supreme Court decided long ago that we are allowed to make copies of what we already own. Much of her music was in cassettes and CDs that were copy protected. It was simply much easier to download the music (that she already owned...it CANT be considered stealing) COuld we be considered criminals?

Give the media company, 5,000 dollars and keep your frigging mouth shut..woman..?Another reason to Support Planned Parenthood!People stop having kids you cant support!!

Give them a buck a year to hell with them

wonder how long all the downloading took her. must be sad to have so much time on your hands to do nothing good with. could have used the time in a lot of better ways.

Why download at all??  Just rip the CDs and DVDs from a big local library.

Why didn't she counter sue the recording industry for snooping in her computer?Personally, I would make it well worth $222,000 by burning down their headquarters and studios.

It is too bad that we are not allowed to have debtor prisons.  All she had to do was stop but she wanted to waste tax payer dollars making a federal case out of this.THIS IS THE REASON this country needs tort reform similar to Canada and the UK.  She would owe the government for what it has cost to prosecute this case as well as the already stated fines.

Her inability to pay has nothing to do with the fact that she was found guilty of stealing.

Put her in jail.

I know from first hand experience the record industry has the highest percentage of thieves and dirtbags anywhere. They make used car salesman look like saints.

Obviously, the scales of "justice" need to be removed off the front of the Supreme Court buildingso let me get this straight...When corporations like Enron, take money and screw millions of people they get off scott free....this woman downloaded a few songs prob no more than 1.00 a song and they charge her 200K? These guys get rich every single day they get millions of dollars....but they go after the woman anyway? Is something off here? If they offered to settle on 25Gs then it went higher you know they dont need the money; they are just low life slugs...

In the past it used to be singers just appreciatted that the people were listening to their  singing and were glad that they were heard and now it is all about money. Course the voices are not as pure or natural now either.It takes alot of money now days to make someone who looks like the total package but can't sing to sound like they can sing.

The RIAA is a terrorist organization.

The music industry has collected (extorted) a pile of money from people it fleeced. Yet, from what I have read, not one cent of those royalties have ever been actually paid to a recording artist. Seems the RIAA likes to extort the money and then keep it.The music (and film) industry fought to keep the status quo for years. They milked us consumers and screwed the artists and kept the profits. They didn't want digital down loads nor did they want the selling of songs one at a time. I don't support crime but neither do I support the evil ways the "entertainment" industry has worked over its own customers and the performing artists over the years.

This is why I just listen to the radio now. I used to buy CDs all the time, and I have never downloaded pirated music. But, after seeing how greedy they are, I will never spend another dime on a CD. Listening to the radio is better anyway, you get a lot more variety.

Yeah, $3500 seems about fair...given CDs are $100 a piece.  The THIEVING criminals are the people who make the cds...not the people who listen to the music.  Want some advice?  Make music that people don't mind buying.  I recall buying a Linkin Park CD that TOTALLY sucked...that won't happen again.

The Pirates are the ones using the law to penalize poor slobs who did a download.

Record companies are not interested in music anymore, all they want is money.

She should sell bootleg movies to make the money...

*sigh* I find this a shame. Music artists aren't really artists anymore. If they really cared about the music they wouldn't care about getting paid. Selfish, selfish, selfish. Shame on the music industry.What a racket.

That is one dumb lawyer,I think she passed up a good deal in the beginning,and I think her attorney is a rip off let him pay the record company. Lady you are crazy for letting your attorney go this far. Let him go then turn around and sue him for negligence and misrepresentation

Tell them you will pay as much as Wall Street individual bankers paid for crashing the economy.

The record companies take most of the money that would go to the musician who wrote, and recorded it in the first place. Music downloading, and distribution cannot be stopped. There needs to be a fundamental change in the way the industry operates. Selling a set number of albums, is no longer a valid way to determine who is a star. If downloading and distribution could be embraced, musicians could gain the benefit of knowing who, and where there music is going/to and the $$$ side of things could be made up in other ways (somehow other than just live shows, and merch)

All she has to do is declare Chapter 7 bankruptcy and the debt will go away.    I help people like this everyday to prepare their bankruptch papers.

FILE BANKRUPTCY NOW! They can't get blood out of a turnip.The bankers who brought our country to its knees got off Scot Free.

screw the music industry

Moral of the story, take the $3,500 settlement and get on with your life. Your over abundance of greed just got you screwed even more.

Those poor pitiful music industry folks. I hope they can eat tomorrow.

She should have settled.  She knows she did it, and it really doesn't matter if you think it is a "stupid law" or not:  Downloading music illegal can get you sued by those who have the rights to the song.So let's see she declines to settle for $3,500 like most of the people sued and loses. She then rejects an offer to settle for $5,000 and loses. She then rejects an offer to settle for a $25,000 charitable contributionmand ultimately winds up owing $222,000. Tough! She made her bed let her lie in it. She had plenty of chances to resolve this matter but she didn't. Again tough.

Stinkin' jews. . . the RIAA and MPAA are jew-owned criminal organizations that should be indicted for violating the RICO statutes. . .

If she is charged for illegally downloading 24 (originally 1700) then she should pay for those 24 songs. At today's market value i.e. the price of each individual song in itunes then that would be a grand total of $24.

If I were to sue record company and won large amount, some judge would over turn award completely and I would get nothing. I say justice did not prevailed and now she faces the music.

I lost compassion for the music industry, when in the 80's it cost significantly less money to produce a CD than it did a Cassette Tape...they were selling equal numbers of each and still charging more money for the CD's.

Maybe she should become a movie star and move to California because they never have to do as the law says.

Ridiculous.

What a mess this has been for the recording industry by showing what slimy people they are. They should have charged her retail value, $222,000.00 is their way of bullying her!The record industry was built on cheating musicians so why wo, these are rich slimy weasels cheating anyone they can.

peaceATM cards can be used withOUT pin code as Bank accounts are NOT FDIC insured

peaceTrapped in Iran and bailmental 500,000. and 50,000. Van Der Sloot given tax payers fundspeaceMortgage Criminals got BAILMENT,,,,Meanders shoes into Iran 500,000. brand unknown and repayment schedule unknown

peaceHarvest crimes also plants crimes as Famous Trappers

peaceEmpires does not represent Justice,,,Empires represents Malice Challiss Trappers lays Traps for public indigents

peace1980's FDA changed writing upon narcotics from DO NOT OPERATE equipment,,,changed to operate equipment with CARE

peacePentagon says they do not represent CONSTITUTION of America

peaceDemocracy does not p[ay its DEBTS unto society

peaceDemocracy nullified Constitution in 2003 WAKE UP people

peaceSupreme COURT over ruled Pension contracts,,,Mediator shall not change contract account,,ABUSE of Law affairs

She should have taken the first offer. Now she is on the hook for the whole amount. They will dog her for the rest of her life. Silly woman.

Millions did the same thing and still do and they want to ruin her life. Where has common sense gone in this world.Screw the RIAA.  The sizes of these judgements are ridiculous.  Back in the day, you could buy used records if you didn't have the money for new ones.  Now they charged inflated prices for music that isn't possible for lot so people to afford unless they want to listen to 50 songs over and over.  It's not right to steal, but the RIAA is ruining people financially exponentially more than the victims were.  There are lots of artists now that openly admit they don't mind people downloading their music.  I have no problem paying a lot of money for a great concert, but i don't feel that bad not making Jimmy Hendrix's grandkids wealthy.

when you tell a poor person you will put them in the poor house..a poor person gets happy about having a home.

lol.. show of hands..how many think the record companys will get even a dime.. they know it as well..

Money buys you any verdict you want.

The record companies never expected to actually collect.  They just wanted to make an example out of someone.  Or several someones, in this case.  Now though, they'll have this hanging over this woman's head like the Sword of Damocles for the rest of her life.  Or she could declare bankruptcy and they'll get bupkes.

our law justices are just as uselesss as our lawmakers

Hint: Use Tor browser and it is encrypted and no one can tell anything you send, download or even look up if used correctly! You can do the same with your phones.....its the same encryption used around the world by those who are tired of governments blocking and censoring information.....and believe me when i say this. The USA is the worst with blocking info they do not want you to see. They talk about other countries doing so when they in fact are the worst. There is A LOT of info on there(the real internet) they do not want us to see. It makes them look like liars..oh wait a minute..THEY ARE!!!

I hope she never has to pay for sharing her own property. Piracy laws came from corrupt ;aw makers being paid off by greedy corporate insiders.

She should have gone to yard sales. She'd gotton all the music she wanted for nearly nothing. What do the CDs run for, about a buck apiece?

Too bad, pay up loser.I hope the RIAA holds their breath till they receive the money......How could the court award $220,000 against a low-income person when punitive awards are limited to a maximum of 1% of a corporations net worth? Granted, if she knowinly downloaded music she should be fined but the amount has to be no more than a punitive award.

Just tell them you gave the money to your bank JP Morgan, and they lost it.

Wait. What? Did anyone catch that she is 35 and just became a grandmother?!?

they are just making a example out of her .

This case is demonstrative of America's evolution. This lady's best option now is to rely on an underground industry, such as drug dealing, to provide her income. Do you wonder why the prisons are full? If she was a bankster, she'd be protected from the recording industry's legal crime against the people. Do you really think we live in the greatest nation?

The music industry should be ashamed. After their terror campaign I hope everyone downloads free music.

You cannot beat The Recording Industry Association of America. They are crooks just like the politians. Go after the people that set up the servers to share music. They are the ones making money off the music not the poor sould that cannot afford to pay $20 for a CD so an artist can make their hundreds of millions.

wow she's so stupid she could have got off with just $5'000 bill! now it's $222,000, thats what you get for being pig-headed

Welcome to the United Incorporated States of American!  Corporations are more important than you and they get to call all the shots.The laws are meant to control all you little people!

If musicians could guarantee every song to be a hit but instead they use fillers that never get any airplay. Metallica who initiated most of this is no longer in my repertoire.How many times does the slimy "entertainment" buisness want to profit off the same song ? Once a song is played publicly the "public" owns it ! These filthy media mafias have made way too much wealth "tinkering with our minds" ! Stop buying what they're selling.

"a charity for music industry people in need"?  What the Hell is that?!  Do we really believe rich musicians and music producers need charity?!  Talk about Bizzaro World

i wish the courts would make the music industry demonstrate how the defendant's individual downloads incurred their losses equaling the hundreds of thousands they claim for restitution. it's so bogus that the finance sector can commit fraud, deplete pensions and trusts, and have no difficulty processing falsified documents that create hundreds of thousands of bogus foreclosures on people's homes and put them on the street -- and yet these same courts entertain these types of settlements for corporate p|mps.

She's 35 yo and a grandmother. Wow!

It's ok though for the music industry to sell albums back in the day with 1 or 2 good songs on it and the rest #$%$ though. They should be sued for that practice as much as they charged for #$%$.

the sad part is if she had stolen the CDs in person from a store she would not have been punished as harshly as she was for pirating them and not causing any psychical loss of money to a business.

Shameless greed!!! Congress &amp; courts cater to the global corporations, not citizens!!!

If you couldn't pay the piper you shouldn't have stolen the music.For those of you that don't think she stole, your parents should be slapped.

35 and a grandmother?  White trash is as white trash does.

since she's a theif I assume getting a job is not even a thought for her.File sharing will destroy the music industry the same way libraries destroyed publishing.

Hire her husband to work it off.

She is a grandmother at 35?

what #$%$ me off is she has 4 kids and gets energy assistance (but can afford internet to download music). If you can not afford to take care of your kids, stop having them. I understand 1 oops, maybe even 2, but you have 4. You understand the cost. Frankly, if you are on government assistance and you have more kids, you should either lose your assistance or  lose your kids because having kids you know you cant afford to take care of should be considered child endangerment.

This is a perfect example of cruel and unusual punishment. She would have been better off robbing a convenience store.

start hanging the law makers who do this against the people

As if the music companies really need the money they stole from artist and their families.

So every comment on here is against the music industry and how they take advantage of people. Yet no one here is really seeing the point. She stole intellectual property and she made it available for others to take. Whats the difference from that and stealing money from your business or bank. Stealing movies from the REDBOX and copying them and then giving them away?This is one of the problems with our country today. Where is the indignation against the Thief? The person who broke the law? She is nothing more than a common criminal and from the looks of it living off our (tax payers) dime to supplement her "small amount" of income. Oh and what a wonderful example for her family and children, what will she tell them the first time one of them comes home and says "look mommy, I stole a candy bar from the store", Will she be like the majority of solid citizens with good values and morals and use it as a teaching point and make the child take it back or will she say "that WAL-MART is just a big chain that takes advantage of people and so its OK to take things because they make millions anyway."

I quit buying cd's from individual artists long ago.  Now I buy my favorites from thrift stores for $1 .

Is it my understanding that if she didn't go to court she would have only have had to pay the $3500.00 like the rest?  I feel no pity for this woman.  Put her in jail or put her on community service for about ten years.Well, it was a matter of time, bring back the Debtor's Prisons!!! "All I did was steal some bread!" She couldn't pay for the music in the first place, why would she be able to now? People of America, you are not FREE! you are all slaves!

Great role model for her kids, stealing 1700 songs, grandmother at 35, etc.  Should have taken the $5000 offer and taught her daughter to keep her legs shut.

If Pocahontas no pay, she in heap big trouble - off to white man prison.  Probably better life than on reservation with loser hubby!

If you are a thief you should be prepared to pay..  It really is that simple..

We used to buy music and then make dozens of copies on cassettes to be passed to friends. We used to record from the radio also. Now the music companies have made it illegal to share music. You can keep your I-tune downloads and shove them music industry. It is not like this woman killed someone. Leave her alone.

I think the solution is obvious: don't buy or download music. Just listen to it on the radio or on the web but don't waste the time or money to buy it or the tools to download it. Most of the music is about as memorable as last week's pimple anyway.

Is there anybody else who think that 35 is a little young to be a grandmother?

Music is life, we shouldn't be charged for listening to it. Another reason why I don't use iTunes.

Proof that corp 's OWN us. They OWN washington, and the courts. Things have changed, When I was a kid ( 1970's ) I had a AM/FM Cassette recorder made by SONY. The recording industry had a fit that you could record off the "air" their music. The RIAA filed suit and LOST! With SONY backing the public. NOW ITS SONY behind these downloading suits..

One should not steal what they can't afford to pay forThis lady has to pay and be responsible for $222,000...but the banks that crashed the economy and LAUNDERED MONEY FOR THE DRUG CARTELS AND IRAN........NOT A SINGLE ARREST!!!!!!! THIS COUNTRY IS REALLY STARTING TO SUK!!!!!!!!!!

I hope all the record companies go broke.

Business law 101... never sue an individual without any assets.

Why doesn't she just file bankruptcy? Casey Anthony is doing just that for the 500k in legal defense she racked up and 60k x2 to the IRS in penalties etc. and Florida Law Enforcement. All without jailtime ! Lady just file and let it be done with. Crazy murderers get off but music downloading, that's seriousousness at its fullest potential look out!

theres an easier way if you want to listen to a song just use youtube. they cant get you there.

I still don't understand why it's illegal to download songs, movies, &amp; TV episodes that are broadcast over the air for free, streamed online for free, or aired on cable channel for what works out to be a very low price.  When you download something that was ripped from a disc, someone already paid for it. It'd be like someone creating a painting or sculpture &amp; wanting to be paid every time someone sees it or a picture of it, or a car manufacturer wanting a cut every time something they built is sold. Before they go after downloaders, they should track down everybody distributing the music, movie, or episode for profit. I might have heard 1 or 2 songs from an album on the radio, so why should I pay for 8 or 10 tracks that I don't know if I'll like? They're just mad that sales are down because everyone's fed up with the exorbitantly high prices for things they'll listen to or watch 2 or 3 times.

she shared the music  she did not charge thus she never made money off the songs  drop it folks

I understand how the record companies want to protect their property, etc. but suing these people and expecting to get $222,000 or $675,000

Send her to debtors' prison until she pays up. What she did is stealing, plain and simple, and in her case grand larceny. She belongs in prison.

when will the music industry pay us the millions they owe us when we bought all those #$%$ tapes for 15 bucks and only got one good song.I have bought 45's, albums, cassettes and CD's for decades. I would like to download my favorites to keep up with technology. And some greedy record execs want to charge me through the nose again. It isn't like I don't pay through the nose for internet service. I feel as much sympathy for them as I do for oil companies, Wall Street, cable providers and bounty hunters. I wish I had been computer literate in the days of Napster. I hear the internet was a wonderful thing until big money got involved.

There is always suicide.  Then the  music industry can have their pound of flesh.

They are trying to make an example of her but that's not going to stop anybody from downloading. Fail on their part.

this is a joke and the music industry should drop their lawsuit. like they need it more than a poor mother of four kids from a small town.

I'm still waiting for Cassettes to result in Music being no longer a moneymaker as they predicted when the Cassette Tape came out since people could just record music from radios instead of buying them at stores. It was supposed to happen in 1987 but the music industry seems to be stronger than ever. In fact people paid an extra dollar on Cassettes and CD's to prevent this prediction from coming true but it seems the extra dollar wasn't needed to protect their industry.

You can't get blood from a stone.

24 $1 songs equals $220,000?

#$%$ the record labels. Don't pay that #$%$ lady #$%$ em! I would love for someone to wack the CEO of these labels.

I don't understand if I buy a cd it is mine if I give it to a friend then I am breaking the law according to these money grubbers

200K for a few mouse clicks, and yet actual criminals, felons, thieves, don't even come close to the receiving same penalty. The MPIAA and RIAA goons are soulless animals.Wall street criminals steal millions, and they go after this woman.

She just thinks it would be "more better" if she did not have to pay the judgment.

I haven't bought a CD since they started doing this. IP mask all the way.

Singers have to pay for that gold-plated wheelchair somehow!

All this does is make music &amp; video piracy more attractive, today in my city they organized a download party just because of this. People are tired Hollywood and the Music Industry.

if she downloaded Justin Bieber's musics, she has the right not the pay.

Every CD I have ever bought has been used at a record store or pawn shop...so they haven't and will not get my money. Sure the artists deserve compensation for their work, but the record companies get the vast majority of those profits, not the artists.

In this country all you have to do is file bankruptcy and our wonderful Government will dismiss all your debt ! I'm having it done to me at the present time.A customer bought and paid for a product and service , stopped payment on his credit card and when he lost in court filed bankruptcy.I'm sure the government would dismiss her debt also ! Although her's is worth filing.

People need to just stop downloading off the internet...put all your stuff onto an external hard drive and have little get togethers and share all your stuff that way

I have about 3,000 songs and not a peep from anyone.  Why?  because I'm not some #$%$s. hanging my butt out in the open like a 5# pimple on a 2# head.  There are ALWAYS other ways to beat the system..  THINK!An example of how lawyers rule America.  The record labels at the mercy of their lawyers...being told them must sue or lose legal rights.  The court (consisting of lawyers).  Everyone except the lawyers able to use common sense...but the lawyers more or less in control.  A lot of people are negative on America. I am not.  But if America is at risk, as some claim, it's becuase the lawyers are in control.

Because she chose to steal....Kanye's chocolate fountain will only sprout water now.  Cue sad music(but buy it first)

#$%$em!!! I wouldn''t pay them shyt either! I got thousands of dl's myself! I wish someone would come to MY door about it... they won't make it home to dinner unscathed.

It's funny how hypocritical people are. Downloading is stealing. Plain and simple. It's the law. You people are the same ones who yell at the illegals that simply being here is a crime (which I highly agree with.) I just don't get how people feel they're entitled to someone elses work without paying for it?

If it was me i would of just took the settelment and made payments. But i bet she still says she hasn't done anything wrong.

start selling your funholes. im sure you can pay. just being lazy.

The American music industry is a sad state of greed.   The receive their initial investments 100,000 times and still want to extract the last few dollars from consumers.

Can't squeeze blood out of a turnip  If you don't have it, they can't collect.  Ignorant judgement, just hoping she wins the lottery or someone leaves her some so they can collect.  She can file bankruptcy and wipe it out.  Greedy country....greedy world.

I haven't bought music since the RIAA started this Quixotic exercise.  Now, I never will again.

The biggest problem with downloading music is most of it sucks and then you get busted!People like this moron should be charged in criminal court under federal racketeering charges, locked up and throw away the key. Sharing copyrighted files without permission is illegal, and it's stealing!

Did she made millions by selling cd? No! she just listened to sounds she downloaded. RIA o whatever, sound like a criminal organization too me.

when companies claim they lost money, how do they know? they can't claim that if you downloaded a song for free that you "WOULD" have paid for it anyway. when you buy a knockoff football jersey for $50, when real jerseys are $250, the copyright owner can't claim they just lost $250. the reason you bought the jersey is BECAUSE it was $50.

Seize any profits she made from hosting the songs and court costs. That's all.

Reviewing the comments on here is clearly what is wrong with people today.  Everyone on this post is saying "poor lady" or "screw the record company" or "file bankruptcy".  How sad this is the consensus.  The fact is that she stole music and the record company tried to settle with her...but she has the attitude that "I am poor and nothing will happen". So with that logic she should be able to walk in any store and still goods.  She did not do the right thing so she should be punished.  The rest of us that do the right thing and work hard are the one's that has to pay for this type of situation.  It seems like too many of these people are in the world...take responsibility for your actions and try to be a good example for your four kids (and grandchild).  And again...wow 35!

I hope the record company feels good about this.  They can't stop it so they take it out on whoever they can, who just happens to be this poor woman.  This is where I wish I had the talent of an anonymous, because this is where the poor needs to be helped against the rich

Movies and music is not a life skill. Thats why there losing there money nobodys gonna pay for that #$%$ anymore. Get a real job.

This is the result of the best congress...lobbyists can buy. Not so much that it's illegal, but the excessive amount that they can extort. A government for the corporations after all, their people my friends. BTW, Legalsoundsdotcom charges 7 cents a song...been a member for 6 years.

35 year old grandmother?  Did I read that correctly?

I'm stunned an attorney hasn't mentioned bankruptcy.JUst the rightwing in the US, showing what sort of uncaring, vicious animals they are. Payback is going to be fun.

I've been down loading movies and music for years for free.  It's so easy that any child in Akron can do it.  The Recording Industry of America is too stupid and inept to ever find or catch me.  I'm above the law. LOL

They can sue people until they are blue in the face. and it still won't make a difference. Maybe the recording industry should focus more on how to make their product non-recordable in the hands of the consumer. (yes I am aware of the methods they use now) The money they have spent on lawsuits alone could have paid for the research and development of better anti piracy measures.

35 years old, a grandmother (?) and on assistance while wasting taxpayers money to pursue this in our court system.  Stay classy, Thomas-Rasset.

She should take all of her kids and grandkids to LA and stand outside the offices with a sign declaring her situation. Bring a stereo and play a sad Sara McLaughlin song. Turn their liberal propaganda machine around on them. Better yet, declare bankruptcy. They wont get a dime then. Maybe she could ask the feds for a bailout. What she did is saintly compared to what fannie mae and AIG has done and they got a bailout.

24 targeted songs @ $222,000 that's $9250 per song or even if you consider the ~1,700 that's ~$130 per song.....wrong is wrong in the end....

How did they possibly find 12 jurors that would side with the record companies?  Although dead, Michael Jackson still made $170 million last year off of royalties.  I sure everyone feels so bad for his estate, if this woman would just pay up and people like her, Jackson's estate could have made $180 million (tounge in cheek).

Is it Illegal in Canada?...i think the ones they should sue is the web sites that that offer free music and give a 1st offense warning to the down loader...its like for example...why should person driving be fined for having a burned out head light when they didn't know..that can happen while you dont know it..most people are not aware that its illegal to download music for free if you get caught twice....then they deserve a hefty fine...a musican should have the right to profit from there effort

So, she was sued for 24 songs?  Sounds like she owes, what, $20?  Perhaps $24 if those songs were bought from iTunes.  Then the songs themselves should be examined.  Would they be in a bargain bin?  Then maybe $10.

It's really easy to feel sorry for this woman because she's going up against a big industry HOWEVER if she (or any of you) were a starving artist that finally 'made it', you would want your royalities, too.  Quite frankly, she got a great deal to settle and she made the decision not to take.  Okay, bad bet on her part.  Clearly, she can't pay the fine however there should be some sort of punishment put in place of the $$$.  Community service?  So, she's working and the husband isn't.  Let him do her service.  Let's get creative on the punishment and let everybody move on.Our government doesn't pay what they owe either.  Don't worry about it.

It is illegal to steal, She did. Plan and simple. Can't pay with money , jail may work....

35 and a grandmother?? Yeesh

Take her guns, her voting privileges, send her grandchild to foster care, and imprison her. These types of people must be stopped once and for all !

So the music industry blew millions in legal and court fees to win a judgement against a couple people that obviously cannot pay it, just genius.

Sorry to say, bend over baby, you have been screwed. Ya could have murdered somebody for some songs and got just a few years, the whole system is run by greedy and corrupt individuals. And they wonder why some people just plain go crazy.

it probably cost over 250k in court fee now may be she can apply for disability for mental breakdown over the stress what a nice country what a beautiful system America

music industry people in need? Its a job,if its not working out move on,dont come up with some screwball charity!

Obviously she don't have the money to pay, or else she wouldn't be downloading it. Like the Music Industry is broke, pleassssssssssse!

24 songs at $1 apiece visa itunes times potentially tens of thousands she may have shared via file sharing. Its just #$%$ though. We all do it and most get away with it. But if you steal a car you can't complain that it should be ignored because you couldn't afford to just buy it.This is the problem with modern technology though. People are sharing and you simply cannot stop it without going back to the stone age. But even back in the 80s I remember people making copies of cassettes and mix cassettes for friends. Then copies off of purchased dvd's and giving them away to friends through sharing in person. The music industry never complained about it then.Yah, people should start banning those record industries that sue the public. Lol. That ought to show them WHO IS THE MOTHERFUDGECREAM BOSS!!!!

First of all I think the companies didn't invent the words or the music.  It's out there to listen to and to copy if necessary by any means available.  I personally have downloaded and never had to pay for anything.  Where do they get off thinking that everytime someone wants to listen to something over the internet must pay?  Haven't they made enough money off the song to begin with?  I say to hell with them and the Supreme Courts who side with the recording companies or the artists who recorded.  So F@*&amp; them all...............

You can get free cd and dvd rentals at your local library!! And if they don't have what you want in they can get it!! They will never stop people from getting free music from somewhere!! Downloading is just borrowing it from somebody else and then passing it on! You have to own the equipment to do it! Stop trying to hold back technology!  All these Hollywood people are all paid too damn much anyways!! Time for them to snap back to reality!!

All would be forgiven if she just claims she's Lindsay Lohan. She gets away with everything.

File bankruptcy, tell them they're hosed.  Then download all the songs you can get, make mix-tapes, and sell them on the internet and to friends, and ebay and party DJ's and everybody else, to make money to live on... Also, learn the "shake &amp; bake" meth method.

wonder what this is costing taxpayers for court time , crazy. settle it , get it over with

Can't mess with Hollywood.

What is really stupid on part of the recording industry is that since they made a big stink about file sharing, more music has been downloaded for free then ever before, right now.  Their lawsuits didn't stop anything, heck, I can go to youtube right now, and with youtube downloader, download 100 songs and put them on my ipad for free.  Their whining cost them more then if they had kept their mouths shut.

Just rip the music from streaming video with firefox plug ins.  Can't track that, problem solved.

If people don't pay for the writers, artists and production companies through the price of music then the music will die. You choose.Thomas-Rasset, 35, added that she became a grandmother in June.

don't do the crime-if you can't do the time.

If she couldn't afford the $3500, how does she afford 10's of thousands in legal bills?

RIAA is almost as EVIL as AAA with their roadside service SCAM

I'd just offer to pay $10 a month until it's paid off.

This sounds like France.  A friend told be that her colleague was busted for downloading movies and ended up with a fine of something like 120k Euros.  The cops came to his work place and took him away.  I always knew that that US and France and many similar traits.

another example of corporate greed the record companies take advantage of performers all the time. She should file for bankruptcy like she has 5k or 25k or the 675k to pay the fine .Corporate greed is going to be the downfall of this country just look at the insurance, oil, and other industries.

so does this mean that all of the artists they have been ripping off as well can now sue the hell out of the industry?

Put her on the "road crew" chain gang picking up trash along the Public highways/streets till paid back in full.

This woman has 4 kids, a husband is out of work, and is on energy assistance.... GOOD LORD!!!!  What could you possibly do with a woman like this and how can she keep wasting money by appealing the courts...  Record company needs to drop this, obviously she can't F******* pay... She already a burden on society... Ban her from computers, make her return whatever music she stole and #$%$ quit using tax payer money for this B.S. court appeals..It was all for show anyway. Her only problem is that she may have her wages garnished and her family or friends will have to put her car and home in their names. After 10 years, unless the judgement is renewed, she will be off the hook.

With todays tech, these laws are out dated and not fair to the general public.  Maybe these companies should invest more in keeping people from doing this, but wait, then they can't collect!

What basis are they using to acess the damadges?  This lady made no profit I'm aware of.  There isn't any real property stolen.  So they can't confiscate it back.  Essentially, a song these days is nothing but the electricity to copy it onto a drive.  That's the only production cost they lost in this thing.  The amount they charge for these replicated songs is gargantually unproportunal to manufacturing cost in a digital age.  It's amost like trying to sue someone for telling another what they saw in a movie.  Claiming that cost them a ticket sale or rental.  It's just... information.  Not a physical product anymore.Is that the next step?  Once the sham of blaming piracy for a strugling industry is over.  Will they move on to sueing blog reviews for stopping people from buying #$%$ music/movies?  Try to hold them responsible for every lost pay download or movie ticket?  xD  Sure there are degrees of difference.  Yet we live in an age where information can be replicated essentially for free.  It seems rather backwards and selfish they use that technology to lower their own production costs.  While attacking us for using the same to enjoy something, rather than paying their no longer justified price for doing so.Lets say twenty years from now.  They continue advancing.  Already there are 3d printers that are starting this.  In twenty they have managed to finally make something that can replicate food.  For the cost of the power, you can make an at least palatable meal.  Some jackass going to sue anyone who uses the thing without paying them twenty bucks for a meal,  Simply because they copyrighted the recipe?  It's not so different as you might think.  They make a record by putting a guy in a studio.  Say it takes a million to make.  Probably no where near that, but lets assume.  The company then makes twenty million digital copies, for pennies apiece.  Charges us $20 a unit for them... So long as the pirate isn't making a profit.  I don't find myself sympathetic to the company.  Even if they put it out on a physical disk, thats only $2-3 production cost per unit.

So declare bankruptcy like everyone else and tell them to stick it where the sun don't sun.

PRISON!

This is a prime example of organizational stupidity. If they did not know their adversary was broke before spending all that money on an empty victory, then they spent a lot of money on nothing. We all know the recording industry, like cable TV, etc., etc. are nothing but crooks and thieves themselves.So, okay, they played the bad guys and won a court case. So what! The most expensive part of this litigation is what the recording association did to its own image and membership. Bad PR can kill an organization very quickly.Why buy music, anyway? Most of it is just loud noise. But, if you must, just listen to it on the radio, or watch it on the internet...for free!

maybe the record companies can make use of her foodstamps...

The jews are going to get that money one way or another even if they have to send Lars Ulrich after her!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Simple   file bankruptcy they are an unsecured creditor.   F  them

The current system is clearly flawed. Riddle me this: How to limit the monetary share of the parasites in the music industry who add cost without adding value? How to make sure consumers pay only what is fair for the music they want to hear? How are recording artists to be paid fairly for their work without letting either the music industry, their lawyers, or consumers rip them off?First of all it's not about whether she can afford the judgment or not..You don't steal music or movies..Stealing is wrong..The court can inforce her to pay, by ordering her to work, so they can garnish her wages, untill paid in full...if she has any assets they can freeze them, to include bank accounts, putting leans on her home and vehicles...heck they can take her 401k plan if she had one..the deal is if you want something pay for it..if you can't afford it, then you don't need it..that is to include music or movies..bottom line!

Sounds like she is the dumb one

Do the crime, pay the fine.

What jumped out at me is that she is 35 and a grandmother?

If you can't do the time... don't do the crime... I disagree with the RIAA's methods and I feel like the organization is just there for money... but I don't agree with pirating music / software / movies.  Movie stars make MILLIONS of dollars.  Other people who assist in the production of said items make less.  I do a little bit of software development and if I ever wrote something to sell, I certainly wouldn't want someone stealing it.  I wouldn't mark up the price though... I mean really... itunes lets you download songs for how much?  1.50 or less now???  You can pick your songs and now they even have that drm free option available so you can even do whatever you want with them.  I disagree with software licensing... saying I can't use certain things for certain purposes...  I've never purchased a hammer that told me I could not use it for commercial purposes.  I've never had to agree to a license agreement before using a screwdriver.

Where is the world headed?  "my husband doesn't work and I get heating assistance". How much money and court time was wasted here?

GM stole our money, the banksters stole our money and now the lawyers have enslaved yet another soul for a livetime of service. What free country?

Obviously this woman has no money to pay.  It's ridiculous to bust her balls on this issue.  They're making a scapegoat out of her.  I agree with the other posts, file bankruptcy and go forward.

kazaa? lol ...   I remember that.  I also remember Windows 3.1

They're mostly just trying to teach everyone a lesson to stop stealing their music. [Which I agree: it's wrong for the music makers who aren't getting paid for the work they did, just because some idiots don't want to buy it for 99 cents at I-tunes -____-; ] Back in the day, if you couldn't afford something, you just let it go and didn't have it. Now people just want what they want when they want it, and with no type of penalty. The court DOES need to do this at times, just to send the message [although I don't agree that pursing money from someone who couldn't afford such an extravagant bill, but she should have sucked it up and settled for the $3000. If she saved part of her money, literally a  few bucks a day from any type of income coming to the family, she could have been done with the case already....]What a bunch of jerks, you guys haven't anything else better to do then sue a poor person, how do you know she even downloaded and got money for it, shoot I've downloaded before so what? Many folks have downloaded music. So rethink your suit.

You play, you pay.

Is this the story about Hillary's email being hacked????  And to find out that on top of everything she is stealing music downloads.....What is America coming too?

They are charging her 222k for 24 songs.  That comes to $9,250 per song which is ridiculous.  The recording industry is destroying this persons life over what amounts to $24 worth of songs (people can download songs for 99 cents a piece on amazon).  That's messed up.

Put a lein on her tent and attach her EBT card.

When you take something that doesn't belong to you, it's stealing. Or at least it used to be called that. If you can't afford the consequences of the crime, don't be a thief.

The music industry has been raping people for years.

All in all, I am sure the songs she downloaded then are not even worth .01 now.  Surely wth all the new technology, you can literally get any song on just about any app these days.  Most of today's music is not even worth listening too!

google: against intellectual property. You will learn why rulings like this are so absurd beyond the dollar amount.At this rate, what do they value a 2GB ipod at with 'stolen' songs?

Bogus.  The music industry has never made any reasonable attempts to protect their property.  Why ?  Because it's impossible to.  Ergo, those most able to acquire the music roll the dice and steal it knowing if they're caught they just settle.Don't do the crime if you can't pay for it #$%$!

This case should have never even made it into any court room.  What a person does with their music, their movies, their books, or anything else is nobody else's concern,.  If I buy it I am free to do with it as I please.

I am glad to see the recording industry will actually lose money on this. They paid all their high cost law fees and will not be able to collect a single penny from the lady. You can't get blood from a turnip. She could even file bankruptcy if needed, but it sounds like she is already garnish proof. Suck it RIAA. I am heading over to PB now to download a song, any song, just to celebrate their financial loss.

Such a waste of time its out of control. Does the music industry really need 222,000 dollars? Come on

Dang, I always assumed the music industry gives out free lunches.

all the money this lady put up for attorney fees and now she can't pay.  ha.  good luck with bankruptcy.

Yet another example of an arm of our government picking on the indians.  first we pillage their land and kill their buffalo, then we move them into barren reservations, then we send General Custer after them, now our judiciary is whacking them.

why do these alleged journalists keep getting the facts wrong?  she didn't get nabbed for downloading, but having the files available to be uploaded (didn't turn off the sharing feature of her p2p software).  downloading is not a crime.

I was in school to be a graphic artist, I saw a supposed friends application portfolio when he left it on the desk of someone in our room. I found three of my works in it. I tore them out and called the teacher over. He remembered me doing two of them, The elements of the third was on my student disk. That student was expelled for cheating and his portfolio was confiscated by school authorities. He quickly joined the military and I have not seen him, or any copies of my work he stole, since.

Just who is paying Thomas-Rasset's legal fees? Multiple trials cost a bundle!The little guy gets shafted for downloading songs and ordered to pay an astronomical sum they can never hope to pay virtually guaranteeing a life of wage slavery while the big guy who steals billions from investors and ruins thousands of peoples lives gets bailed out by the govt., gives themselves big bonuses, and gets off without even a slap on the wrist. PATHETIC so-called system of justice

slaves....

The rich MUST stay rich

it time to get off time down loads and put something new to buy like a chip so no one can and wont steal songs or send them over the phone to there friends

What are they going to do about all the Apps and websites that you can get free on internet which allow you to download all that music?  Without them, nobody could download #$%$! Why doesn't the supreme court start by going after them, instead of ganging up on a poor woman that with what's she's had to pay in legal fees would be enough punishment to go through.

know what i do..i convert a video to an mp3. done and done.

All of these corporations are trying to stop the inedible; a world where all information is available for free.  Major change is on the horizon, there is no stopping it.See my profile for links.

Find out whose on there label and don't buy the sh#t. I dont i listen to rush to hell with them bunch of damn jews. All they are after is a dollar

So many "jacked-up" people in this story. Four kids, no jobs, all the time in the world to download, can't afford electricity, but can afford internet, greedy record companies.Whatever.

This was stupid on so many levels.  She didn't have $5k to pay the initial award so they continued to sue her in hopes of getting more?  The only ones who won were the music biz attorneys who will get paid.Well, your first mistake was hiring a lawyer named Kiwi. You're following mistakes were A) breaking the law, B) refusing to admit that you broke the law, C) refusing to settle after being convicted of breaking the law. Sorry, no sympathy.

what's next, sue every band that plays a cover of someone elses song?

should have taken the settlement. now I guess your bankrupt.

copyright is the invention of terrorist. it is why the world is in such terrible shape. since the beginning of time ideas, culture, art, science were shared throughout the world. then came patents and copyrights... the world fell into the horrible state it is in today.

what kind of idiot representation did she have in the first place that a jury of idiots could believe that she had pirated "hoes in my room"?  is this nothing more than an extortion scam to get everyone to buy the cd of "hoes in my room" so they can get some sales of this idiot #$%$?  i'm not going to buy "hoes in my room" because i'm not interested in listening to that garbage.  suing people isn't going to make the #$%$ they're producing any better.

The woman has probably paid $5000.00 JUST in filing fees and court costs.  Some people are so stupid.  Hey, lady, you broke the law, got caught.   Don't think that people are going to look at you and think you are innocent.  You stole something!I've seen people get fines of $2500.00 for stealing a 2 cent piece of bubble gum!  (Yea, I'm that old!  When is the last time you seen a 2 cent piece of gum!)    $5000.00 isn't all that much considering.

I wonder how they arrived at this figure?

oh its the recording industry so that makes it ok? why do you think starving artists are starving? b/c too many people feel that an artists hard work should be free. Think again. If you want free music &amp; hurt the label, get out to a club and support local/original music. You'll find most artists give away their cds or charge as little #$%$

I have recieved emails warning me of downloading "copyright" material, even though I had no knowledge of it.  What's next?  Take us all to court?  I admit that I forgot to secure my wireless network at first and maybe someone did do something at that time, but it's not as though I had allowed it.  My network is now secured and hopefully I won't see any more emails with that kind of issue.

meanwhile her neighbor just downloaded 1,000 songs in 15 minutes on his fios connectionIt wasn't that she was downloading the music. She was letting others download music. Like someone said earlier. Neither she nor her husband has a job, they have 4 kids and live on government assistance yet can afford high speed Internet and a computer to steal music. No sympathy.

Turn around and sue the music industry for car wrecks for distracted drivers changing CDs/Cassettes/8 tracks over the years...   They are all criminals.

the record quality of vinyl records mfd by Capitol records in the 60's was horrible.and so were many others such as Epic.you deserve to be ripped off.well recorded records were out of my price range and in the 60's i didnt even know they existed. thank technology for cd's.you are finally getting youre just due.

She sounds like a great mother and grandmother!

this is still stupid as hell.

Drop the case, finally, and get some good PR for a change, you greedy dummies.

If this woman is in fact guilty then the operators of Kaza and other file sharing programs are guilty as well.  She could not have shared songs without Kaza who aided and abetted the sharing of files.  These are the folks with the deep pockets.

The attorneys don't care.  They already got paid.  You and I picked up the tab.  I say fire the attorneys and leave her alone.  They just pick pocketed us for a few tens of millions.  Nice work when you can steal without law and call it law.

That's $9,250.00 per song. Isn't a rock or rap freak out there worth .92 cents per, let alone 9 thousand plus. And still have yet to hear RIAA will ensure black groups from the fifties will get their royalties.

Lock her up.I have not seen anyone (or heard of anyone) in the recording industry looking or being destitute. and why do I have to buy the SAME piece of entertainment over and over when the technology changes. I do not buy technology. I buy the recordings!

Just file bankruptcy. It's not the end of the world.

And how much did the RIAA spend on lawyers?

Have they lost their minds.I know lots of people that downloaded thousands of songs they never paid a dime

people still buy music?

America has changed so very much in the last 25 years. Seems like everything is topsy turvy upside down. Illegals can get money for college, welfare, work... Bankers and Wall Street steal get bailed out, our country in this economic mess outsourcing everything and wars continue. Court system letting out pedophiles and rapists and a bunch of overpaid record executives want to put this lady in the poor house forever. How many artists have been screwed by record labels? Where does it stop? Things don't look good for this country.

How many wall street bankers went to jail for the collapse? Funny how judges seem to be partial to to bribery.

How about just making her pay the actual cost of the song/album. Sounds like they are wanting her to pay for recording studio equipment or some #$%$.

more monopolistic greed from an industry that keeps putting out #$%$ music.

I wonder if the music industry even considers the fact that these offenders dont have much money thats why they download illegally.they should just drop the #$%$ case there never going to see the money anyway and whats the point of going after her over a few #$%$ songs

I wonder if the movie industry would go after China for all the copycats of movies that is sold in China town? I mean with the same intensity the came after a few private citizens. What a waste of tax payers moneys! So, she downloaded a few songs, boohoo. Is not like she claimed their were here music. The real pirates are you know where...uups we don't want to rattled their fethers..

just pay them 1 penny per year until you die

she must have been seeding the torrents...that's a no no

File bankruptcy lady ... It works ..... Screw the mega companies

What a drain to society.music industry - checkcourt system - checktax money from social services - check...The woman and husband does not work.  Lives off social service.  Complains about lack of money, but somehow pays for broadband connection and shares music (without regard to it being known that the entertainment industry were going nutz with lawsuits).

NOBODY BUYS MUSIC ANYMORE!!!!! GET OVER IT 675k is outrageous

are there no debtor's prisons? what about workhouses?looks like they have government lawyers since they obviously cant understand that a person with no money cant pay bills no matter how high they are.

Being unable to pay has nothing to do with being found guilty of a crime and being required to pay. If it really did, half the deadbeat parents in our country would get away with never having their wages garnished. The old addage of "Don't do the crime if you can't do the time" pretty well holds true for this idiot. No sympathy for her in the least. Any career hopes for her are going to be dashed for quite some time. Too bad for her husaband and family though, as they get tagged, as well by her actions.

The RIAA is a terrorist groupCorporate America, people.  People have become the cattle so get used to it.  Power and money rule, so 98% of you are the new serfs.  If you want change, then vote all the crooks out, start a people's party, or vote with your pseodo almost AK47s.  I say vote them out and put real people back in, but the latter option alwys on the table.  My view of the music and movies industry, a monopoly or cartel, all studios in collusion.  Have you ever wondered why all the new releases occur on the same day even though from numerous studios?  Why, cause in collusion witheach other.  And all priced the same?

A popular singer earns millions per album and millions more on tour. And millions for the sale of tee shirts and other #$%$. Then collects royalties for the rest of his/her life. Really? As a nation, are we into music that much? The voices in my head keep me just as entertained.

Just say she is and undocumented foreign official that will fix it. The word undocumented protects you from laws.

Fine I will record to cassett tapes and they will be screwed!!!

Winning is one thing, COLLECTING is a whole different story! LOL

I pay for the internet monthly therefor I pay for EVERYTHING I DOWNLOAD..not my problem!! COUNTER SUE dumb #$%$!!

The MPAA &amp; RIAA are going to #$%$ off the wrong person one of these days. Keep poking a dog with a stick &amp; sooner or later you will get bit.

...and what has the price tag run up to for her legal bills now?   Would have been far cheaper to have paid in the first place.

Business law 101... never sue an individual without any assets.

Business law 101... never sue an individual without any assets.I sued someone once.i won my case but did not get a dime.the person I sued filed (bankruptcy?).they kept everything they had and by law did not have to pay me anything.

its very simple,claim chapter 7.a civil judgement can be releaved in chapter 7 then she owes nothing.

This is why you settle a lawsuit against a giant company with limitless resources: they will bury you if you don't.

eh just a native american woman to put to shame to show others that is it not ok and using her as a message to any other person.

if she were rich we would never have heard of it.

But she also said she needed to consult with her attorneys to determine what happens next ............Bankruptcy

Well, you both could have settled for $3500!  Duh, when everyone else is settling, may you should have thought "If this is a settlement, what will it be if I lose?"

The music industry has been raping artists forever, and when they get a little slap back they sue for millions of dollars.

Isn't this country great? The rich lean on the poor, even when it's over pennies on the dollar. Oh no, the multi billion dollar music industry lost $220k, they should probably ruin someone's life to get it.

Donations to music industry people in need?????  Because I'm sure that would go to the sax player on a street corner.............here is how I beat the record companies... I refused to sign a recording deal and gave away my entire music catalog for FREE. effum.    summerskymusic  dot net(not span the real deal) more musicians and bands are doing this.

Lets see if I got this right.... Jammie Thomas-Rasset, mother of 4 and a soon to be grandmother at 35, works for the Mille Lacs Band of the Ojibway tribe, is being defended by her attorney Kiwi Kamara against a lawsuit by Capital Records for ripping off music by file sharing on Kazaa.....  There has to be a bridge troll in this story somewhere, oh yea, the judge.

If you have no assets file bankruptcy on the bums. You have nothing to loose!

Songs should be free period. They're not tangible possessions. Just sounds for Christ sake. Music industry is a joke. That girl should not pay a penny for that in my book.

Americans must lose their guns, support Mexican illegals, watch their civil liberties destroyed 1 by 1, hide from drones, lose their jobs &amp; homes while the rich become richer and the poor suffer the indignities of poverty, poor or no medical care, cringe at the sight of the most corrupt government on earth while watching our government protect the interest of corporations and the wealthy 1%. We can't be far from rising up against this government.

not fair.

#$%$ The RIAA and MPAA #$%$ You #$%$ Leeches and #$%$ you're Inferior Product that you expect the consumer AKA. Client to purchase. #$%$ you and your 1 hit worthless wonders.  I Support the EFF.and me money goes to Indie Artists.... Jack Cassidy #$%$!

What they couldn't find any puppies or kittens to kick instead?  They just need to drop it already how lame...

lucky she did this to the industry. If she did it to the mafia...oh i can't imagine.

Pay or don't listen.  Just because something is a rip off doesn't mean you have a right to it for free.  Pirating doesn't mean you are fighting for justice.  It just means you're a #$%$.I always wanted to be a rock star myself.  Unfortunately, I have no talent, can't sing, can't write music, and not very photogenic.  Actually, I am now wondering how I missed rock stardom!  I have all the qualities that most of what passes for rock musicians have who  are riding high!

its a bunch of #$%$

I can only imagine her lawyers,, Dewey Cheatem and Howe.How on earth did she think she would win????

I will never pay for music again! I havent since the early 90's when I got my first cd burner(pre internet). I could care less if it hurts record companys... musicians are still going to make music weather we buy it or not, its what they do

Why does she not simply file for bankruptcy?

She 35 and a grandmother?!

Of course she can't pay. She's a wagonburner.

cant get blood out of a turnip,and thats the bottom line.sure courts award huge sums for cases,but collecting that is a whole different barrel of fish.

Stupidest thing to have to pay $ 222,000 for, compared to how much politicians cheat us and don't pay anything.

The music industry bullying people...judgement should have been the price of a single song on iTunes  X the number of songs.  each party pays there own legal fees.

Stealing music and a grandmother at 35; this family has values!

I don't see the illegal act. Her computer and Kaza was open to the internet. She applied no keystrokes to this act. Between Kaza and the person that got the music is the illegal act

they just picked the weakest target. She will never pay and the industry lawyers knew that going in.

RIAA.....I no longer buy music.  I don't buy CD's or download music from iTunes.  I will listen to the radio in my truck and that is it.  I will never again pay for music because of you.  If the radio ever is made so I have to pay to listen I will not pay.  I will resort to listing to my classic collection that I have from years ago.  It is now saved to my computer in mp3 format so don't worry about me having to replace the old CD's.  To hell with the RIAA.

Everything you need to know about this article: she's a 35 year-old grandmother. I'm moving to Pakistan.

regardless if i could or couldnt pay,i wouldnt. this judgement is clearly rediculous. if you want to know why music sales are down,movie sales are down, you dont have to look too much further. the prices they ask are just too much for the average person to pay on a regular basis and now they,the people,are hit with ridiculous judgements no average person COULD pay without jeopardizing the well being of themselves and thier families. total #$%$ from a bunch of folks who have already struck it rich. the entertainment media has already pulled trigger at the gun they have pointed at thier own heads with this.

Did anyone else see that she became a grandmother at 35? We are not talking about the top end of society here people....

the courts and "the record industry" can not be that stupid to think she is going to pay,

Back when cassete tapes were invented, the recording industry tried to block them as it would be too easy to record the songs played on the radio. It did not fly then, and in the long  term, benifited the industry. The argument really did not change with the advent of computors and the internet, just a different form of broadcasting and recording media.The sales of good music has improved, the albums have dropped because people do not want the filler music that they are forced to have with albums.  The way the law is written, anyone who backs up thier copy of music or video from original media to alternative media, is in violation of the copyright law. I wrote a book, called the brookview incident, that is available in both print and ebook formats. I have concerns about piracy, but look at it this way. If my book entertains people and makes them think, then I have accomplished my art. It would be nice to be paid for it, but I am an artist first, not a crass mass media pirate offering #$%$ just to make money.She just needs to live within her means. Pay whatever you can, even, what you can, get it over with.

File BK and include your attorney as a creditor.

You all should look up the case the government brought against five recording industry companies back when file sharing was hot. They were charged with conspiricy and price fixing music cd's. The recording companies settled real quick and quiet with a multi-million dollor settlement.

She was able to afford an attorney for multiple court cases. You know how expensive it is to take a case to the supreme court. More than $5000 by a lot! If she can't pay just file bankruptcy.

Hey, can i borrow your album or cd and make a copy of it?

These cases are so hypocritical and ridiculous. Who the hell doesn't download music and movies these days??? GET SERIOUS!

I find it funny how rap artists sing about stealing yet whine and complain when we torrent their music

and what is going to happen since she can't pay? oh that's right, nothing.....normal people paid for this case to go one for years, for nothing,

How many chances does she get, and she still won't take responsibility?

It's like getting blood out of a turnip. She has no money. Maybe she could give her grandchild to the record industry. Today's music just isn't worth it.You really have to wonder if her entire life revolves around poor choices.

They call that "judgment-proof."

She is 35 and has grandchildren?  Sounds like she has a series of poor life choices.

How is she paying her attorney fees? Surely they haven't done all of that work for free!

Someone ought to make a sad country song out of this story.  The lyrics could start off with subtle sexual innuendo:  "Oooh. I'm feeling down after my upload".

good

Can't fix stupid.

Sure they can put her in jail for the crime. Then as a tax payer I have to pay her room and board ... Oh wait I already was.... Duh.

She needs to have a benefit concert! Hey Jack just saying She loves music obviously show the love music industry.

I can't understand why the record companies are not trying to shut down YouTube. You can get any music you want from them. There will be somebody posting nearly any song are album you can think of on YouTube. I'm not for sure why they bother if they're not making anything off of it.Just pay for only the music, already. She screwed up, but not to the tune of $675,000. Maybe Willie and the boys and girls can hold her a benefit concert?

send her to jail for having four  kids and no money to pay for her crime and we still have to pay her dime.you steal we pay how do you live that way hang the pirate like old times..

feed your kids and keep a roof over their heads, the record industry has more money than the average person, that's a very cruel industry to be doing that to you i don't see them suiting the isp

hijack the music you indian terrorist

If she couldn't pay she should of settled out of court like a majority of the people and what does being a grandmother have to do with anything.

This music industry got out of control! And it is not the musician who makes the money, it is the rights holders who do nothing but reap the profits! They are the ones that sue people like that! They are too dumb to figure out how to lock the files and then they complain!

She claims she can't afford to paybut she will pay or be on the #$%$-list till 2055

revenge for napster. lol

they should have just paid the 5k and been done with it...

In my country we would have cut the woman's ears off according to Sharia Law! Praise allah!Her husband should get off his lazy behind and find a job.

So, I guess I will have to pay too since I recorded music from radio station to my cassette tape when I was a child.  But hey, you got to find me.  I have tons of it!

I wonder how much she spent on legal fees.

she should've paid when she she had the chance.  she knew what she was doing was wrong.  if you can't pay the price, she should've tried to arrange payments

With the proper payment plan, Capitol Records will get the money in 64 years.

The Mille Lacs Band of Ojibwe tribal government?

This regular woman is hit with 200,000 she has to pay for downloading music? But Martha Stewart and the crooks in Washington who have contributed to the downfall of our financial stability get nothing? Oh, I forgot they did get something.........bonuses and pay raises!

I expect she is litigation proof (no assets, or excess income), and was using a pro bono lawyer... I doubt they will ever collect a meaningful sum of money from this case...

you cannot get blood out of turnip they cannot put u in jail over dept onless it is IRS they can and would

She has a soul, let her sell it to the devil!! Oh wait the recording industry is the devil.Its very simple. You pay $1 a month for the rest of your life. You are acknowledging the debt, and you are paying what you can on the debt. They have no case to go after you for more. Did that once with a debtor for college tuition from my employer they claimed I owed after they forced me to leave the company. I offered them a buck every month that they called, and every month they declined. After a while they stopped calling. You cant sue me for contempt if I am willing to work with them and they arent.

Just makes us all hate the record companies and the "artists" who live by screwing the public.

what a waste of our court system.meanwhile murderers go unpunished because they are awaiting trial.

but wasn't this what the music industry wanted, and to deter others from similar actions

All she has to do is file bancruptcy.

RIAA $ucks

I don't feel sorry for the music industry. I bought a bunch of music from msn music, then they went under. I had to re-buy my music. I bought a bunch of books from ereader and they were bought by B&amp;N, I lost about half of the books I purchased because B&amp;N doesn't carry them. I have to keep re-buying stuff in this digital age. Screw them all, big and small!.

You dumb SOBs pay hundreeds of dollars for a "smart phone but they still stay you better not mess with it to pick a signal HA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Hey,,,you can't get milk from a turnip.They need to tell those billionaires in Congress the same thing.

What a shock.Simply a case of a huge organization running over a US citizen and it being called legal....

How much has she spent on attorney fees and court costs? Geez lady, they still want to make a deal. Pay them $10 a month for the rest of your life and consider the case closed.

W dont they sue DVR TEVO and my VCR for copying things

Time to pay the Piper... literally.

I love seein them warnings just before i copy them dvd on my DELL

If she really can't pay the judgment, then she should file bankruptcy and be done with it. This woman is either a liar or a moron.

The new America.

I could understand why they would even fight this.  It was common knowledge that the music companies were looking to make a point with those law suits but also they were looking for a poster child to set an example with.  I mean they obviously knew they would never see a dime of that settlement yet they spent the money to prosecute her anyway.I mean those two people had to know they were guilty obviously and they certainly wouldn't have the financial resources to compete in court so why not just agree to pay the $3500 and get on with your life.  I can understand not wanting to pay it but if it's that or go to trial where you have no legs to stand on as the law is clear and everyone that downloaded music knew they were doing it illicitly.  Anyway I bet she's wishing she took that settlement now.  I honestly don't feel sorry for her, I did a little illegal downloading back when it was basically done by most people and if they ever came for me I would have just paid the fine or what ever lol.

While true 'piracy' is theft, I also hold a LOT against the RIAA and MPAA for their constant pursuit of people that can't afford the assaults they field. Consider a few points, that neither the RIAA, the MPAA or the DMCA will ever discuss openly, and that the Supreme Court won't address: If you buy a CD, do you own it? If you own it, can you rip it to your computer? If you rip it to your computer, then you made a copy, and if you re-burn it in a mix, you are violating piracy laws.Now, apply this to that Ford Mustang you bought, and you really quick realize, they are playing games using the word 'piracy'. The real question is, did the woman attempt to make a profit from the unpurchased songs? If not, then isn't this the same as recording a song from the radio? If I own a Mustang, I can cut it, chop it, modify it, do anything to it I want to - I OWN IT. You are BUYING CD'S, so you OWN THEM. As long as you only resell one copy of the song, you are simply downstream selling it, just like you would a used car. The MOMENT  you go into business selling 'Mustang Recreations', you better have a license from Ford.Funny, we understand all these simple rules as they apply to cars, stereos, rifles, refrigerators, tractors, and all other GOODS - but the moment you take it into a 'virtual software world', the brainiacs have intentionally made the water muddy, and the courts staffed by simpletons, can't see through it for what it is - totalitarian control where 'lease' and 'purchase' are being interchangeably used by Motion Picture and Music Recording to maximize their profits at the expense of the poor.

She seems to be bragging that she's so poor that they can't collect. If she can't pay, she can't pay. But she seems to be throwing it in their face that, "I already get government assistance, so I don't give a s*it. You can't do anything to me." That bugs me a lot more than the fact that she will still not be held accountable.I use cd mp3 lp but my brand new TEAC 890r dual well cassette deck is my joy. I just put that sucker on record with tow 90 minute tapes then walk away come back and dub the good stuff then erase the garbage and take it to my ride with my cassette am/fm cd changer. COME GIT ME COPPERS

222,000 for only 24 targeted songs, that is 9k per song.  Will that money go to the artist who sang the song?  We know they need the money.

Maybe the Ojibwe tribe will pay the bill with casino profits

While she did wrong  the courts and music business have made their point and need to stop wasting more taxpayer money on this. There is no money to be made here

File Bankruptcy.

Well.  She knew downloading the copyright music was a no no.  Maybe she can pay back $1 a month.  May take forever, but least she's paying back. Although it's easier for them just to drop the whole thing, then it would mean that people can still do what she did.

I don't understand. These people that upload  the music,..should they go after them? Why don't investigators close them down, such as they do with child porn sites? I do know though of course that it is illegal to download music as well as movies (unless I think it falls under "Public Domain") without paying for said services. But then again I may be wrong on all counts. Anyone to clear this up?

Thomas-Rasset, 35, 4 kids and a grand child. A nice upstanding gal who contributes nothing to this world. On welfare, food stamps and section 8. Her children taking after her and procreating while still babies, clearly will be a contributing factor in our futures.How much has the (Thomas-Rasset) family cost America in the past 35 years?It's time to trim the fat and get rid of costly waste.

Does that mean he/she gets to keep the PRODUCT?  Only seems fair that they do since they are being charged for it.

I am thrilled that I agree with most of the comments I've read on this....Now I only hope the people involved get the message.Okay, I don't know exactly what laws were broken but I 'm sure that other than monetary fines there must be some allocation of prison/jail time equivalent to the amount owed.  Now, the court costs, legal fees and original $5K should be the defendant's liability.  If she can't pay the fine then she must do the time.  As for the other $200+K owed.....the record companies need to eat this because they allowed this to go on for so long unwilling to put the necessary system changes in place to prevent this from occurring in the first place.  They were so intent on making millions that they just never considered the loss caused by theft of service.  The record artists whose big money-maker songs were heisted should also just eat the cost....be thankful people wanted to listen to your music.  Live and learn....and while learning don't try to make the little guy foot the bill for your education.

so she goes bankrupt and so does the judgment, whats the problem?

This is #$%$. Elsewhere there are more important matters and everyone ignores it.

Sounds like it's time for file for Chapter 7 bankruptcy?

I listen the the radio for free, don't have to download anything.

appeal appeal appeal appeal appeal

she took the fall for every person that did it and are still doing it  she will  never pay it and how with working for min wage = homeless were i come from who gets the money litttle wayne

Let them spin in the wind. They can't collect anything. Its silly for them to have even carried it this far. The music industry has watsed Millions and Millions of dollars, to all but destroy the music industry. I used to buy new cd's almost every week, now I think i've bought  2 in the last year and a half. While I do understand that the younger generation may buy lots of downloads, their desires and wants change with each passing wind. Who will the record companies depend on when they move away from them and on to the "Next Big Thing."

I Bet she is Singing a Sad song now

She works for the tribe? is she a member of the tribe?If so they can take her earnings as this is one of the richest tribes in the USA, Mille Lacs Casino part of I believe Grand Casinos\It's time for everyone to learn a musical instrument and play their own music, so we don't have to buy RIAA #$%$.

Did I just read this correctly..$222,000.

When you're in college, $3500 might as well be $1,000,000.  That said, they are lucky to not be in jail because I strongly believe they belong there.

No pay = Jail!

File personal bankruptcy. It will wipe clean the judgment and she can be on her way. Geez. What a waste of money to do a bunch of appeals.

This is why I pirate with a VPN people.  Smart theft from a corporation is not a crime.

If one does not attempt to "settle" the case by a means at hand, and flatly refuses, the court will frown on that and punishment will be the order of the day. She should have had better counsel.

Yahoo....this is NOT Politics!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

If people would just quiet buying CD's the industry will be forced to lower the prices, even then if the price was $.01 cents people would still steal.  I don't feel sorry for her one bit.

We're still waiting for the case against the Wall Street bankers who got away with billions in 2008...The record companies should be glad that someone wants this BS they call music... I would be mad to consume my hard drive with this #$%$ the labels puts out these days...

Remember our court system back by the big corporation and those big company are the politician share holder .

that is just plain stupid.  may as well just fine her one bajillion dollars and tell the court to hold their breath...

way to go riaa crush that mother of 4! show her she cant steal from multi million dollar artists! I mean the nerve who does she think she is anyhow she shoud have to pay into those artests drug fund like everyone else! (sarc)

Geez.  That's only about $132 per song.  Sounds like a bargain.

Maybe someone should sue all the record companies for the millions that fans have spent on the low quality music that has flooded the airways in the past 10 years.

Yes, the RIAA and their ilk are nothing more than criminals themselves. Steal $1,000 and they throw you in jail. Steal $1,000,000,000 and they hand you the keys to the #$%$ city. Ain't Amerika GRAND?!?

I hope that's supposed to say 53, not 35.  Poor woman has her hands awfully full...

Dumb #$%$ should have settled.  Idiot.

in order to make her pay, the RIAA should have to track down EVERY SINGLE VIOLATOR and make them pay also...this is ridiculous, and the courts should have dismissed the case as frivolous....P2P, torrent your #$%$ off....Yet nobody on Wall st was even charged with crime over the 2008 meltdown???    Bear-Stearns was caught rd handed cooking the books!   The only person to go to jail from GS was an insider trading case unrelated to 2008.   Corzine is still walking around free, handing out $50,000 checks to his pals (like Obama!)

Crucifiction too mild?

Shocking!

I have never understood how the RIAA and the musicians it represents think it's good public relations to sue their fans. To this day, I will not listen to Metallica for what they did to their fans at the beginning of this fight. I used to love them, and BOUGHT all their albums; but never again.

Garnish her wages. Tough.

Jail time!

She should file bankruptcy and tell them to shove it up their #$%$!! Just ridiculous!!

Don't do the crime if you can't pay the fine!  Lock her up bailiff.

Record companies and Obama are tight.  Expect more of this as the Admin does not like you people.

The fact that our "leaders" in DC still permit this sort of injustice speaks volumes for our need for a new government.35 year old grandmother? Stealing music even after laws were passed to prevent it? Husband doesn't work?  4 kids?  Can't pay?  You think???? She or her family will never have anything because she wanted to steal some music... Nice decisions...

Hello... just throw her in jail, case closed

Yea DONT PICK ON THE RICH !!!!   Why pick on the lil people~~Why didnt they slap those who started the sites, posted the free music !!! Fines should be reduced way down, !!!!

so instead of paying $3500 up front she went through 3 trials and several appeals at whose cost??????  I know lots of folks say they dont feel sorry for the music industry but stealing is stealing. The artists are rich but its their music regardless, this is what they do for a living yet people find ways to take what isnt theirs and make excuses for doing so. Dont feel sorry for her at all.

Show your support at Pirate bay

Only 35 years old and she's already a grandmother.  I wonder who she voted for president?

Its hard to feel bad for her since she was offered a way lower settlement of $5,000 in the first place. I'm sorry but being broke doesnt exempt you from a crime. It just menas you don't have any money. Don't do the crime and complain when you get caught.

The government is merely the enforcement arm of our corporate rulers.

she should have done jail time she stold the music and then wouldn't pay up she's a loser living off the goverment and at 35 going to be a  grandmother what drain on our sysytem

35 year old grandmother on energy assistance... Sounds like a winner of a family.How about not breaking the law in the first place!!!

The gal had larceny in her heart and why feel sorry for her?  You reap what you sow!

You'd think that all the trouble, court fees, attorney's fees and all the other costs that she would have been better off settling to begin with.You can say you are fighting for the principle either, because she was guilty.Just settle and start paying $50/month for the rest of you life.

Majority of the musicians will be giving their earnings to the alcohol, drugs, and other useless aspects of our society. So ---!!

copy right laws are what make America a great place to do business..I support these laws!

Why did she do it n the first place?

Don't do the crime if you can't do the time.

GREED pure and simple GREED that is what it is..............................

blood from a turnip

If she has no money, then what is the problem?  That is all the suits want, they just love to count it, roll in it and just brag about it.I think what ever medium they used to download the music should be held liable.  What program or software allowed this illegal activity to happen?

The genie is out of the bottle as it relates to file sharing. The recording industry stopped these lawsuits years ago because they do nothing to fight piracy. They should stop trying to destroy this poor woman.

One option exists:  putting a brick on her future earnings until the obligation is met.  The obligation may seem excessive but her arrogance to thumb her nose at court decisions and other reasonable offerings to settle out of court were ignored by her persistence to work through all appeals, etc., in hopes of the suits being abandoned while shifting all of her assets to others so she appears penniless is not acceptable.  She broke the law, not once but several times over an extended period of time, knowing full well she could face charges of piracy.  Her beligerant attitude towards the music industry that has a right to profit from it's investments needs to be punished in some way; bankrupty or not, personal problems or not, she must somehow make restitution to those musicians and their staffs that she stole from!

Why are people sticking up for this woman, who clearly broke the law, whether you like the law or not. You can't just get things for free, it's called stealing. I still buy CD's, because they still sell them. When thats no longer an option, i'll buy them from a site, legally.

People are trying to justify her theft by suggesting the music company has enough money, so it's okay for them to be stolen from.  She is a thief.  A grandmother at 35 years old?  Four children?  I'm betting she could have afforded to buy the music because I'm betting she can pay her cell phone bill and if she smokes or uses alcohol I'm betting she finds the money for that.  A thief is a thief and it makes no difference from whom they steal.  Oh wait!  My neighbor has a much nicer car than I do and I really love their lawn furniture.  Since they make more money than I do is it okay to take their things.  How is that different?  And let's not forget she ripped each and every one of us off by making this go to trial. What a cow.

The music industry are bullies and greedy, they make way too much and this fine is outrageous

She stole. Regardless of the way the music industry rapes customers. If you can't afford the item then walk away, don't just steal it. It's wrong and against the law. If she can't afford to pay the judgment then either jail time or community service. All the other kinds of law breakers have to do that so why not her.

Guess you shouldn't have ILLEGALLY engaged in piracy of copyrighted material, you stupid bich!

Blood sucker can not suck the blood out if there has no blood to suck.

Why didnt the judges throw these cases out?  Its not like shes Martha Stewart.It's an interesting world we live in when people feel free to break the law because it's impossible to punish them for doing so.  How 'bout some community service?

capital records greedy [igs

any one remember when our government said communisum is dead. no it wasn't they just put it in moth balls and now we are all seeing them use it against us.   this country is doomed becauseof greedy politicians and public employees who will not conform to our current economic situation but most who work for private industry have been forced to. when will they wake up?????  Never!!!!!!!!

she downloaded and didn't pay, well, maybe she shouldn't have down it.  I think she was trying to make a point and lost!

She knew she was breaking the law and should pay or go to prison.  The law is clear.   You do the time for doing the crime...

sounds like court in salam mass..

They should harvest her ears.  - It's sort of like reposessing that which she stole.

How long is this going to go on without any benefits remaining to the record companies.

She deserves a chair...electric one...or maybe crucifixion...wow...what a degenerate society !!!

If the woman was not able to pay the first judgment, she should not have been ALLOWED to appeal ... especially if her attorney's fees were more than the original judgment.  However, if the attorney was doing all this for free, then that attorney should have to assume the judgment as well, since he knew the woman did not have th financial means to pay the judgment in the first place.  If these creepy lawyers were made accountable for accepting frivolous lawsuits, there would be fewer frivolous lawsuits.The funny thing is that the RIAA/Hollywood doesn't pay the artists, actors, etc. when they get the money from these types of lawsuits. They keep what the lawyers leave after getting their cut. The "victims" are never compensated anyway! The whole thing behind the "evils" of downloading is that suits were the guy who wound up with the shell rather than the oyster when it became clear that the internet is a viable means of making money, which follows the fact that the intent behind the creation of the Internet/Information Age was that EVERYONE could be on equal footing with equal access. The stigma's basically sour grapes at work.

Kazaa is the real criminal here

Have any of you heard of torrent downloads? Bootleg downloading is alive and well.

Maybe jail may help with the mindset.When you loose you should just pay up

35 years old and a GRANDMOTHER...nuff said.

A crime is a crime. Saddly, she was stealing and making info available for others to steal as well.  Oh well, she shouldn't have done it then....and she should've accepted the lesser offer to begin with like the rest of the people did.

Listen, I like my music when I am touching myself..... Shamone

Am reading a funny sci fi satire called "Year Zero" about this case- concept is all the aliens in the rest of the universe discovered human music in 1977 and have been downloading music illegally since then and have just now discovered that they owe so much money to earth for the illegal downloads that the rest of the universe is bankrupt.  It is very clever... kind of shows how ridiculous these amounts are compared to the transgression.

Judgments should be limited to 3x the damages and legal fee costs should be set at a national average rate.  If some huge corporation hires expensive lawyers, that is their right, but they should only be expected to be repaid if they win the case and only a reasonable amount.

next time you get a cease and dissist letter bet you listen .. all these people were informed to stop or face prosecution they chose to keep doing it..no sympathy hereSince she is so good at having kids, send her to Nevada where she can work at a brothel and pay off her fine. I hear the Mustang Ranch charges $1,200 per hour........

Throw her in jail.

I have not paid a penny for music or any entertainment in 20 years and I don't miss it. Most of it is #$%$ anyhow.

Stupid thieving #$%$

But she is a Native American and poor. You would think that since members of the recording and film industry were all on TV last year begging us to vote for Buck Ofama and using tears to persuade us to steal from the rich to give to the poor, that they would let her go. I mean, these "artists" are liberals and she is a poor minority. Is the democratic party that hypocritical and greedy? They are just as bad as the right wing. These celebrities and politicians and CEOs get away with stealing billions of dollars everyday. They get permanent get out of jail free cards. This is just more proof that we need to start a revolution.

If I stole $600,000 worth of anything I'd probably be in jail.  Not exactly sure why this is not grand theft. Or even worse, racketeering.

NO PITY on this woman. Apparently, they tried to settle several times, even now they are willing. Everyone wants FREE stuff now, and this leech learned a lesson. GOOD. I hope MANY more learn soon.Let OBAMA pay them.

I'm sorry but if she cannot afford the $222,000 she owes how the heck did she afford the attorneys all these years?

it appears she refused offers to settle for a much smaller amount, preferred to continue to steal from the artists who made the music and the companies that sold it. IIf  I steal a tvor any other items  from kmart/wal mart, i go to jail - same thing if I stole a password from somebody else and then bought items online and re-sold them . it's called theft.

She knew it was illegal and choose to do the crime.  Pay up honey, you lost.That music industry is like TAXES,they never go away,FACT!!!!!

How did she pay her attorney?

She's an IDIOT PERIOD. She should have settled for the $3,500 settlement but no she thought she was deserving of free music went to court and lost. Then she had another opportunity to settle for 5 grand didn't like that then they gave her another chance didnt like that either. They should just take the money from her check every week until they get the full $222,000. oh and shut her lights off!!! teach this loser a lesson about life

The Internet that allowed the Down Loads should be the ones to pay,, with out there lead this would not have been so easy to do by innocents.

WooHoo!! Hell yea! Score one for an overly litigious Merica!!

She is a #$%$, a loser with four kids and a deadbeat husband who is not working.She is on public assistance but she can download all these songs and distribute them.  She deserves everything she gets.

Yet we all still support these vile people.

Should have thought about the consequences first before you committed the crime, moron!

Is her lawyer a public defender ..?Always wonder how people can afford lawer's..

Wonder why ya never got in trouble for recording stuff from the radio in the old days ? This just makes me laugh.Don't worry, Obama will bail you out

Greedy musicians, no matter how low that they want to negotiate a settlement.  Anything over a nickle is excessive.  I am glad that they cannot get blood from a turnip.  Not one red cent would I pay.  I would have that remain on my credit report forever as a judgment rather than pay greedy rich people any day.

file bankruptcy or ask congress for a bailout after allthe money is going to corporations

Here the music industry displays to the nation they are more powerful than that old Constitution, too rich to pay any attention to the cruel and unusual punishment part, attorneys too smart for the courts to conquer.

If someone busted into the offices of these RIAA #$%$ and gunned them down tomorrow, I would shed no tears, and at his trial, I was find him not guilty, and thank him for his service.

If she couldn't afford the first $5,000 they wanted, then she couldn't afford the $25,000 they wanted, she probably still can't afford the $220,000 they want..

The MPAA and RIAA doesn't really care if she can pay or not. She's simply used as an example.

maybe she shouldn't have done what she did.  sucks for her.  now it's time for her to learn her lesson.  i suggest hard labor breaking rocks.

Never share what you borrow off the internet. ;)Always buy it if you love it ;)

I'm sure she makes a lot of money at the Indian casinoSo what happens if she doesn't pay? The UN is going to sanction her?

This is a very unjust and silly law. Most of all the music downloaded is already owned by the people being charge in court

I hate the RIAA

Let her rot. Let the debt hang over her head for the rest of her life. She deserves it! They already offered to settle twice at a much, much lower cost which she refused Stupidity goes a long way doesn't it Thomas-asset?

i get that downloading is wrong but it is also wrong to single out 2 or 3 people out of every 10000 and punish them

I use to share tapes with my friends, I guess I will be next on RIAA list.  How much is the fine for each friend???

She could always sell her kidney, maybe that would satisfy the POS music industry.

"Right now, I get energy assistance because I have four kids."Again, why does it fall on me to pay your bills just because you have kids?  Can't anyone in this country take responsibility for their actions anymore?

Mp3's etc, aren't worth a sht. All have recordings at different volumes, speeds, lengths and some are live recordings or recorded off the radio and they persecute you for that?

(F)(u)(c)(k) the Greedy Music Industry Execs!!!I understand how the record companies want to protect their property, etc. but suing these people and expecting to get $222,000 or $675,000 but kind of money for an average person to pay is ridiculous!  Why did some offenders have to pay $3500 and others have to pay six figures?!  It sounds like the courts are gouging these offenders and expecting poor Americans to cough up an outrageous amount of cash!  Truly unfair and ludicrous!

LOL! She should of settled for the $5000 that's less then most peoples credit card debt these days. They might never collect seeing she's crying poverty but she'll never have credit till it's settled. I thought this was someone young this person is a grandmother. That makes it funnier.

Most of today's music, they should be paying us to listen too! Nobody buys that #$%$! People only go to concerts so they can smoke and get high without getting arrested!

Do the crime, pay the fine.  They should have thought of that before they knowingly stole the intellectual property of others.  It's no different than stealing a car or a computer.

they could shoot her in the head but yea;they can't collect.Whaddya do??Maybe they should make her blow her rock idols as a groupie till time infinitum? Who knows...Govt is scary...

Well now, iTunes don't seem so expensive now does it.

She obviously has had plenty of money to pay her attorney's fees ... so why can's she pay the judgment?  She had two chances to settle and blew it off ... you can be sure her attorney fees at that point were higher than the proposed settlement. If you can't afford the fine ... don't do the crime.t

No sympathy for her - she knew it was illegal and continued to do so - personally, I think she should have to pick strawberries, almonds, etc and send that money to the RIAA besides having to hold down a regular job.  She is a thief - a habitual thief - who thought nothing of stealing someone else's work.  A lot of people paid the fine of $3,500 to get it over with and acknowledged that they had committed theft - why should she be any different - her friends that she gave the music to should have held benefit dinners, etc and could have raised the 5G but I guess they were too busy listening to stolen music - I am shocked they did not go after them - it would be the same as if they were receiving other stolen goods.  I enjoy music and also appreciate all the work that goes into song writing and performing - and I have a very limited income - but I do not steal music - just listen to it on the radio or computer and occasionally purchase a CD.  Theft is theft - she should have been heavily punished.

Screw big media cartels! Screw MPAA and RIAA and anyone who supports these disgusting pigs. That woman didn't STEAL anything. She duplicated something. There is a big difference, but the cartels have sang this #$%$ song for so long that no one objects to it anymore. These people go on to p2p networks and goad others into downloading files, hosting those very same filenames themselves. They also poison p2p networks where honest noncopyrighted property exists, and damage it. They have a long history of fraud, suing dead people, infants, old ladies who have never even had a computer! This is a sham and these people should be jailed. Instead the courts go after some poor mom who wanted to listen to some music that probably wasn't worth buying, much less hundreds of thousands of dollars! Come on, get real!

one thing I don't get is if she doesn't have money how can she afford the court costs and the lawyers fees ??The record company will take their pound of flesh from this woman and anyone else it can hang high in the public square.

Thomas-Rasset, 35, added that she became a grandmother in June.

You play you pay! Tough luck lady, you broke the lw and knew it.

send her to jail

people still buy music?

10 or 12 years bad credit, non-payment, and then it's over with.