Is the US Government seizing the property or is TransCanada purchasing access rights. If it's being seized then more people need to join the fight against the seizure.If it's being leased and the land owners take the money so what. It's there land.

So what is the answer too the question....How can our government take land (no matter the name) for use by a private foriegn country??????????????????????????????

Don't worry.  The Ogalala will be pumped dry growing corn for ethanol long before the pipeline polutes it.

I thought the reason they were pushing this was for more energy independence. And now they're saying much of the oil will be exported? It would be nice if we had more supply to bring gas prices down.

I do oil and gas leasing and  right of way for pipelines for years,I definitely want thispipeline done. That being said there is no way in hell that 13,000 people will be employedbuilding this pipeline,don't politicians and reporters even ask questions anymore?

this pipeline will not represent 1/10th of 1/100th of the miles of pipeline already over the Ogallala Aquifer!!  The contamination claim is bogus!!

Just watch. All of a sudden some endangered bat,fish or whatever will show up.

Let the opponents burn wood.

What kind of Electric or Solar powered car made those tire tracks?????????

Wasting your time, the pipeline is coming through.

This is not a Presidential issue and he does not have the authority to stop it.  It is a state to state issue.  I work in the pipeline industry and here in Cushing, Okahoma construction has already began.  Good luck with stopping it...Bet these idiots drove their cars to where they are standing, have on sun glasses and cell phones all products produced from oil.  Think we should take everything oil is used to make from these people and they will find they will have just about nothing.

Do the opponents to pipeline use fossil fueled machinery or vehicles?

they are farting against the wind

It seems we should diversify our refineries and put some in the heartland along the pipeline to share the wealth, permenat jobs, etc.

Will it somehow benefit the environment for the oil to go to China?

"The pipeline would transport up to 800,000 barrels of oil per day to Gulf Coast and Midwest refineries, MUCH OF IT FOR EXPORT."  Why do we keep talking about this being for our energy independence when we are simply facilitating one foreign country's transfer of oil to other foreign countries?

Wouldn't a couple of new refineries help?

Two bored housewives looking for something to make themselves feel important while the rest of the Americans continue to pay higher fuel costs.

Its corporate Big Oil stealing our natural resources by running a pipeline through our heartland. Canadians would NOT allow Big Oil to ruin thier Northern pristeen deep water ports, so they ran it South through the heart of the United States. China took our jobs, now its time for the U.S. to use our natural resources (Oil/Gas) to OUR advantage, just like the Arab's do. The Saudi's pay $.99/gal of gas. They do not adhere to the BS globalization  pricing set by Big Oil to reap ungodly profits at Americans expense.

13,000 jobs for a 2 year project. after that those contruction worker collect unemployment if they don't have another job. it has been projected that we would get several thousand temporary workers and several 100 permanent workers out of the keystone project.  I do not understand why canada doesn't get their oil to the west coast, refine it and than ship it to china.  why in the world does it have to go thru u.s states?  Perhaps an american in the refinery biz in texas has his hands in it?this is a no brainer....but some people are so stupid...or they want America to fail....this includes this obama adm

Yahoo acts like Obama has nothing to do with the pipeline not getting built.

It is time for eco-tage.

The government will have to use the power of eminent domain to condemn private property in order to build this pipeline.  Government telling the little guy that he has to sell his land to the big guy for whatever the govenment says the big guy should have to pay.

stupid

"It creates jobs and increases our nation's energy supply," said Nebraska Sen. Mike Johanns.Then the next paragraph says "The pipeline would transport up to 800,000 barrels of oil per day to Gulf Coast and Midwest refineries, much of it for export."How does exporting it help our energy supply? It doesn't - just Big Oils bottom dollar."support the project because of the estimated 13,000 construction jobs it will create during the two years of construction."  And after construction, it will have only 50 permanent jobs.

Why is Canada not refining this oil in their own country if it is such a great idea?

Why is the Secretary of State involved in the Keystone Pipeline? Nothing going on with  foreign policy?  Light work load? What?

Everyone is so blind to the fact that this oil pipeline is NOT to help America! Its so international oil companies that control North America's oil production sell it to China &amp; India to help them prosper at North America's expense. We will not see our price per barrel drop at all. The "Global Pricing" is the fake price that American's MUST pay, even though the oil comes out of North American soil. The Canadians could control North America's price, but they to are controlled by Big Oil, that has greased every politicians palms. The same thing goes for Natural Gas. They frack it out of American soil, only to ship it to liquid N.G. ports to ship it OUTSIDE the U.S. so international oil/gas companies get almost all of the profits.

What are these women doing out of the kitchen?Canada has a couple of alternative plans for the pipeline if this one doesn't work out.They'll get the oil/gas to China one way or the other.No big deal.

I wonder if these "opponents" would be willing to give up their jobs to one of us unemployed?

A very big mistake if the pipeline is approved..." much of it for export" is what they say so why do we want it traveling across our country...for short term jobs...so for what?

The environmentalist could buy up the land along the proposed pipeline then fight them in court, if the politicians had not bought up the land for the right of ways. Why do you thing that it took so long to approve the route.

Don't let the oil barons overrule agriculture in Nebraska This is the dirtiest oil you can find, and even the Canadians don't  want to refine it.

opponents is the wrong word. Should have said ENVIRO IDIOTS

All the oil is going to China, is China going to send laborers to clean up spills?

How ca people be so stupid as to think this will help us in any way

i think Abbi has to #$%$.

Who in the State Department got bribed? Was it the chief?Build that pipeline and ship that oil to China.  The oil execs all need a third or fourth home.

Let Trans Canada build the pipeline thru it's own provinces (states).  If it is such a great deal you would think they could convince their fellow Canadians!!

Inflated number of jobs created, toxic sludge in your neighborhood, profits go to Canada.The pipeline is bad for America.

Keystone has a horrible safety and pollution record. Why in the world would anyone believe them?

NO&lt; N)&lt; NO  the pipeline is a huge mistake.  who knows how long it will take to recover, if we can at all.

What a greedy bunch you are. You think this will keep oil and gas cheap for you for the next few years. Who cares what the environmental impact will be? Who cares what we leave our kids- as long as WE get Cheap Gas for a few more years.Ha! This oil is meant for china. That's why they pass refineries in Texas, and Oklahoma, to get it to ports in texas. Also estimates are it will increase the cost of oil for american consumers. You are being sold a pack of lies.

Warren buffet loves the delay of keystone  he is making billions !!

the aquafire is already contaminated with all the poison thats been put on crops as of late.  where do these people think it goes after sprayed onto crops.  it follows the moisture right to the aquifir.

The Pentagon, insurance companies, financial risk management companies, etc. are already planning concerning the ugly future from climate change.  Why so little media coverage?  They don't want to upset Big $$$ advertisers like oil companies, car manufacturers, etc.  Most of the denier information is supplied by organizations funded by fossil fuel companies who don't care about your kids.  They're happy to rake in their billions and keep as many people as possible ignorant.  It's all preventable, but it won't happen until people get the scary facts and push for change.

First: the pipeline makes it easy for Canada to get it refined and send it overseas and we----benefit how?--low prices for oil, NO!The pipeline goes through the US with our states paying the cost of polluted grounds if there is a leak--Does Canada pay for it--NO!The tar oil isn't only dangerous while in the pipeline or soaked into the soil, it is als dangerous by odor---who cleans our air, Canada--NO!Sorry, I can't find a Plus to this anywhere!!!!!!!How about if we build an oil refinery along the canadian boarder so they can pipe it through their land and then pay us for refining it?HMMMM now that might make us some money and create jobs---NO!!!!We can't do that, it would make too much sense!I'm glad their determination is grim! Like they have a clue what their even protesting.

Enough already. Build the pipeline.

Instead  of working on this pipeline they need to work on finding an alternate fuel source. Our dependance on oil is killing this country.

Nebraska is very beautiful, if you did not know this. Leave them alone Canada and Texas.

No european oil company sells their oil cheap to their own country. they do the same as their american counterpart and sell it to others.  only in the arab world and south america with regulation of the oil market   do they sell it cheap to their citizens.

The protesters should insist that TransCanada prove the pipeline is completely safe. They should use the same process the government used at Yucca Flats to stop the storage site for spend radioactive fuels. You hire lots of 'experts' and have them spend years writing memos and emails supporting their positions. That way you can spend lots of money with no conclusions ever reached and nothing productive accomplished. Plus, it will still be an election issue. That's what leadership is all about, taking both sides.

Canada wants to build this here because they don't want to tear up their own land to do it.  The oil would go overseas anyway, tar sands is too dirty for use in the US.  Bad deal for America, primarily stuffs Canadian biz's pockets.

this pipeline is not for our benefit

Waren Buffet gets richer every day it is delayed..He owns the trains caring the crude out of ND..................And this pipline will pass right througt that area....

Stop China's Giant Oil Nipple Across Our Most Precious Vulnerable Under Ground Water Supply !!!!!Are all the global warming people park their cars and stop eating meat then we can talk about the pipeline being a problem.

the Chinese are rubbing their hands in anticipation of the coming oil from N. America.....

If the oil pipeline gets approved, block its construction.  if it gets built, blow it up.  They cannot protect every mile of it from Canada to the Gulf.Or make things simple and vote out every fool in Congress that votes for the pipeline.

Good , I want that dirty Arab oil. They really love us anyhow. You dumb azzes. I would like to take away all the gas and plastic from these people who hate oil.

Are you neo-cons really this stupid. The oil from this pipeline is not going to reduce the price we pay at the pump. Why do want Canadian oil interests making money off of our backs. Oh yeah the jobs to build it. What happens to the jobs when the pipeline is finished. The jobs are nothing more than a band aid.

So we will pump oil 1700 miles to the Gulf Coast so that it can be put on ships and exported to other countries and these ships will pass the incoming ships from Saudi Arabia that are bring us oil from yet other countries. Does anyone see a waste of any kind here?

It never ends.  There are always screwballs who come out of the woodwork.  These are the "water worriers."  Big bucks talk...so this is a waste of time.

After the brilliant Exxon Valdez disaster, which btw destroyed the fishing industry in the area, we stilll delude ourselves thinking that more oil is the solution, not alternative fuels/technology.  Meanwhile, the oil will be sold to the highest bidder on the market (China) and any pollution will poison the water supply of the country tansporting the fuel (US).  Sounds like a great deal....for China.

Teach the oil companies a lesson, boycott petroleum products.

Don't tell them about the one eyed left handed spotted slug that lives out there, so rare now that no one has ever seen any.No end to NIMBY's, is there?  Rent them the land and kick back and relax, there are pipelines all over the place  and no big deal.This might be very impressive if they all got into their donkey carts to go home.

This does NOT increase the nation's energy supply - that is private oil and will be sold on the world market - making a fortune for the oil companies and not helping folks in the US or Canada one bit.  Typical propaganda.

What kind of nuts would stop an oil pipeline.

the "  EXPORT  "  arguement is obummer propaganda ............... if the oil was  REALLY  intended for export they would build a pipeline to the COAST not the gulf ........ shipping costs would be  MUCH  greater from a gulf refinery  ............why would we import  SO MUCH oil from venezuela  to our gulf refineries and yet  EXPORT canadian oil ...... it makes no sense ..............  O B U M M E R  L I E S   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I LIVE IN NEBRASKA !!! LET THE OIL FLOW !!!!

Without the oil pipeline Warren Buffet's railroad will ship the oil and make him billions .  . . hence his support of Obama's increased taxes for the rich. . .

Seizing land ?  Sounds like people are being offered lots of money for their property by a private company.

and when one day the pipeline bursts or leaks, causing pollution to poison groundwater, those who supported the pipeline will wring their hands asking 'how was this possible?'.....

Sad that so many farmers and ranchers are going to lose everything in the end.

When the pipline gets built ,it will be one leak away from  completely destroying the sandhills watershed.  Since when can a foreign company come to the United States and take a persons land.  By the way the TransCanada company is owned be a sheik in the middle east.Not in my backyard!!  Sorry, but the over population problem of the burgeoning human race requires us to make these tough decisions.  Windmills and solar power do not work, hopefully they will some day, but today they don't.  No one wants nuclear energy either, even though that is much safer than before.  Hence, we are left with no other choice but to build these pipelines.

How many oil pipeline disasters have we had in US history?

the government shouldnt even be alowed to seize your property but they do......this country is far from free.we have more liberties than most but freedom,hell no.our country is a cesspool of #$%$.

Why can't it go through Canada to Vancouver instead?

it  is simple   a  refinery  in  the dakotas

Environmental terrorists??

I got an idea. Let's keep buying oil from the other side of the planet from people who hate us and everything we stand for then use our own $ to kill us.  We can then have a never ending war so our young people can get maimed and killed to support the politically well connected military industrial complex. I mean really, who wants to do business with our peaceful neighbors righ here twhen the Middle east ios such a lovely and reliabe place?

"Much of the oil is for export" So, how does that help our supposed dependence on foreign oil? It only helps the oil companies

tree huggers should channel their efforts to other issues that cause definite damage to folks, like smoking, drinking, and illegal drugs..

The one question  why doesn't Canada go west with its pipeline. Answer they don't want it on their pristine land.  Just think their willing to build  it on our land and give us all these jobs and than pay American companies to refine it for them. And than ship it to China via the long way around. It Don't smell right.It's false to say that a project like this "creates" jobs. You have to already have the skills and know-how to be hired to work on the project; it's not as if 13,000 regular people are suddenly going to be able to find a job where they wouldn't have otherwise because of this project. There will not be any "entry level" or "learn on the job" with something like this, so it's already NOT an opportunity for the vast majority of people who would love to have a job.

It's Bush's Fault!!  LOL

I find it funny how conservatives are all against socialization EXCEPT when it applies to environmental resources. Particularly oil.

Good to see people formerly on the environmental sidelines waking up to big corporation scams facilitated by government.

You can't reason with environmental wackos. Waste of time and energy. Lack brain power to accept reason.

All of that and yet you are still firing up your diesel trucks, farm machinery, generators, and every other conceivable method of fossil fuel burning apparatus each morning!Hypocritical does not accurately describe the stance each of you have taken, but it's close!And some of you even profess to be conservative Republicans; really?

China is the big winner in this deal.  They're the highest bidder for the N. American oil and we get stuck footing the bill when the pipeline leaks or bursts.

Change is the only constant in life.  They need to adapt and embrace the pipeline.  It's not an ideal situation, but it is what exists.  I lived with the Alaska pipeline a couple miles away and it posed no problems.  It actually provided enough heat to make a green zone so the Moose and deer could eat during the colder months.

My internet friends, I don't live in Neb. but if I did I would say; Here is my deal. I'll be willing to pay a $1.25 per gal for the rest of my life, and than when I dead and gone my children, grand children, and for four generations of my family only pay a $1.25 per gal.

Wouldn't it be wonderful if humans all over the world actually cared about what we are doing to our planet?Ok take away everything that was produced with oil and the opponents would have no cloths, car, house, and food. Even those solar and wind farms depend on oil to be manufactured and constructed.

"State Department report dismissing the ecological impact of the pipeline".  Unless it BREAKS, of course.  OOOPS!  Exon Valdez?  Gulf of Mexico?  Hello???

Some people don't want any modernization of our society or increase in energy to make our lives better and lower costs.Our land, air and water is cleaner now than ever.  There is more forest land in the United States today then there was 100 years ago.The more prosperous we are the better position we are to take care of our environment and invent better and cleaner technologies in the future.Poor nations are more concerned with survival than the environment.  We should want ourselves to be as prosperous as possible as well as all other nations in the world.  This is the best thing for the environment yet those that fight for environmental issues are too blind to see it.

idiot ecofreaks

Complete idiots!

The only reason to stop this pipeline is to deny Americans access to energy that they demand and are willing to purchase. That my friends is classic 'Statism'. Keep the people poor and limit their mobility.

Yeah, environmentalists are evil until someone tries to eff of YOUR backyard.  A little late to the party, ranchers.

Funny Nebraska Sen Mike Johanns claims "It creates jobs and increases our nations energy supply". What he doesn't state is that these so called jobs (13,000) of them are only temporary during the 2 years it will take to construct this pipeline. What he also doesn't state is that off the 800k barrels of oil that are to flow through this pipeline, will not stay in this country but will be exported out. Typical politician, I wonder how much of his personal money is invested in this project.

against Big Oil?they don't stand a chance.

foriegn companies run the refineries in the U.S. and own the oil fields in Canada. Not allot of help the the U.S. If its such a good idea the why haven't we continued the Alaskan pipeline to the lower 48. Oh yea, Canada doesn't like that idea....Call me stupid, because most of us are when it come to things we don't have all the info on. but how does, and will it help us in our pocket, when a foriegn country cuts a trench thru the middle of our nation to move it's product. WHO IS MAKING THE MONEY HERE?

Keystone IS an environmental disaster waiting to happen, and TIME will tell the ugly truth, if it's passed.~

These people are #$%$ this because they want to get money out of the deal.We have had the oil pipe line in alaska for years and have had very little problems from it.

"No foreign corporation should ever be able to come through and take your property without a permit," said Susan Dunavan.I agree! But the US government will take it for railroads, highways, bridges and general redevelopment.

If more people burned wood to heat there homes we would all be better off cause the price of oil would be hampered and we could drive around using cheap gas again just a thought.

Then after the rally, they get into their gas burning vehicles and drive away

Government by the people, of the people, for the people has one serious flaw. THE PEOPLE are stupid.

The anti energy jerks want us wear wind propellers on our heads instead.

These people don't get it that the time for their silly green projects like Solyndra is past. No money left after they were spend so uselessly. People needs jobs, not the fantasy projects.

Burying bombs &amp; mines in your backyard will make trenching difficult.Obama will save us YET.

The product will get to market, one direction or another.  It'll have less environmental impact by coming through the USA.  So why are the environmentalists (again) supporting a position that has greater environmental impact?

They all beleive they will attain "Cindy Sheehan" Noteriety.

Ok, everyone all this oil is going to export, right? That it is to be refined on a fixed bid low cost basis in Texas, using imported labor, and sold off to the Asian Market..What kind of idiot would be for this..oh, lower income Republicans..Forgot the "Idiot" factor

maybe the pipeline and the 100 000 + jobs , it will create will Finally get doneobama has Used the EPA like a weapon against any and all businesses that obama doesnt like.........with Approval below 43 % , maybe obama is finally Getting a Clue

No one is more of an impediment to progress, than the liberal eco-nutbags.

This pipeline will create a few jobs for a few years and then its done.  The oil is already paid for by the Chinese who have invested in the sand tar fields this pipeline will be servicing.So basically this will not help the USA one bit.

Get some good jobs ok.....

these US ranchers are worried about pollution over their lands from the pipeline which will feed China's booming economy??  how selfish.

GYGJHgyfgiuxh2xurtnxyintsx5ties!2#$%^The state dpt says this thing will have "no significant environmental impact."-Maybe not for THEM but think about all the other species and humans now and in the future who will have to live or die because of it. I don't think our government can see any further than the ends of their noses.

Anyone involved should be aware, these far left radicals WILL resort to violence to accomplish their goals.

And the end is very near being set to start working on the pipe line.....when the story got to the "climate people", had to take a deep breath!!!    did they drive to take that picture?? Those coats they have on are petro fabrics!!! Do they heat their homes???Do they have cell phones, t.v.'s, computers, etc., etc.,etc., all made from oil!!!!!!  check it out !!! Find the facts how things are made from what materials, before getting stuck on stupid!!!!

This Democrat supports the pipeline.

I don't think their argument about a foreign company seizing land in the U.S. holds water. Regardless of people's views on global warming that pipeline is needed to help secure a regional source. There is also the oil in North Dakota and Montana as well. I would also recommend a refinery on the northern plains. Yes, let's reduce our domestic use of fossil fuels, but let us also develop regional sources for strategic purposes.I knew the environmental activists were lying when they said they wanted the pipeline routing changed. They didn't want the pipeline period. That kind of deceptive nonsense makes me mad. I wonder how many farmers and ranchers along the proposed pipeline actually support it?

If this was U,S, oil would Canada allow a pipeline across thier country? Never and any canadian who who says differently is a damn liar.

A few trying to screw it up for the many.  The new american way.

If the pipeline went through politician's land, see if it would ever get built...  They have no intention of doing anything about climate change -- make enough to take care of their kids and everyone else be dam_ed.

This overall doesn't make sense. So in 2 years once the pipeline is complete we'll have 13,000 people back unemployed? This will benefit only the oil companies and it won't bring our gas prices down. I'ld rather see the money spent on more new refineries which will employ more people long term. If you have noticed, our gas prices increase when there is less refinery work. We have more oil then we know what to do with. We don't have enough refineries to process this.

look at the slit bottom engineers........Remember this being a big deal in the election?  13,000 jobs for two years, yeah that should salvage the economy.  It will help TransCanada way more than anyone so watch out what they tell you.  How many jobs will it add to maintain?  As SciFi says, question everything. For you tea drinkers, we are exporting oil that means we sell it.  In other words our demand is not that great.

Why aren't Canadian tar sands being refined in Canada?  Last time I checked Canada has refineries and ports to send the kerosine to China.

The same type of idiot that tried to stop the Alaskan pipeline in the 1970's. Ever hear of an environmental disaster coming out of that? What you did hear is people making so much money during that time of construction that they were able to come back and purchase houses and pay cash.

We need to shut off the gas, electric and gasoline buying from these idiots. No wonder our gasoline and electric bill;s are so high. I doubt these sisters walked out to the photo op site!

Move ladies, your standing in the way of jobs and progress.....

I am for the pipeline since  we already have thousands of miles of pipeline now all over the country, this will be just one more. It will be a lot cleaner than having ships come into our harbors. We will be dealing with a friendly neighbor instead of despots around the world and I am sure Canada produces oil a lot more environmentally friendly that 3rd world dictators. Other energy sources might be cleaner, but you don't have them. Since we must for the moment depend on oil for energy, Canada and the pipeline is a good deal. I don't understand what the hold up is for you people.

The only public support TransCanada has is from people they have either lied to or paid off!

Ignore the granola eating tree hugging whack jobs

The pipeline will go through despite a group a tree-hugging whack jobs.

Liberals hard at work ... and for who? They think they know what the majority wants ...but do they?Obviously these idiots have no clue how many miles of pipelines carrying all kinds of things have been pumping away for many decades with...guess what....no problems.

I'm from Hastings, NE and jane kleeb is just your typical democrat nut job.  We already have all kinds of pipe lines passing through the area.  In fact they replaced a big NG line just a couple of years ago.

The tar sands mine may be the largest ecological travesty in the world today. The Yahoo article above left out the main reason, why many are protesting the pipeline - its about the mine, and the processing of the ore to gain the oil, the immense amount of natural area that has been, and is being demolished to gain access, and the vast amounts of pollution being produced in pursuit of the oil. The amount of co2 released will be among the most released anywhere in the world; so why should America be complacent in this Canadian crime?

This dirty oil for export will tie up Gulf refining capacity, raising gasoline prices and yes speed up global warming. All for the benefit of Canadian producers who cannot get a pipeline built in their own country.

LIBS at work.

google: dems on keystone pipeline:only in america.The dems tried to instute legislation that all the materials used on the project be made in america and the oil for US consumption and they would fast track the project.  the repubs, immedately dismissed it and refused.So now when you hear repub. politicans telling us how this oil is for domestic use and will lower the price of gas and create jobs why would'nt they have jumped on this?This pipeline is a sellout to oil companies so they can export their oil to the highest bidder where ever it be.nothing more nothing less.Now all repukes on here dont bother to read it and thumbs down my post.

Why doesn't the Canadian Oil company run the pipe across Canada and let them reap the environmental damage and the risk of a spill.

Hey, no one has the right to tell someone else they have to do this or that with THEIR property.So quit the name calling #$%$. We need oil, we need jobs, but you don't own the property in question. Let's see what you say when they want your land for the good of the community because of all the jobs for a new stadium, or highway, or electrical infrastructure.

Ok, I admit I'm an ignorant oaf. Why can't we get this kind of cooperation out of people to protest the EPA into letting someone build a refinery in say ND, Minnesota, Wi or Michigan?Why pipe it all the way to Texas?Side note; If you can put that much technology, $ and effort into oil, why not a water pipeline to transport flood waters from the Midwest to the South for draught relief instead of letting it wash tons of topsoil away? What? You can put billions into space exploration and oil but can't afford to build some water sheds and canals or pipelines?It's like saying someone is silly enough to put over $100,000 into road construction to build a tunnel to save the life of a newt but they don't have enough $ to put into highway infrastructure where bridges have collapsed and PEOPLE have died.

Abbi Kleinschmidt and Jenni Harrington,  liberal Democrats, just wanting to get their name in the news. Don't know squat about global warming and probably don't care. Both probably drive Ford Excursions and give a #$%$ less about the environment. This pipeline IS going to happen. Leave it alone. Idiotsif any contamination develops from this pipeline,every person who voted for it should lose their property,pensions and all savings.that would only be right.

This doesn't need to go the gulf coast, keep it in the midwest.

What do we gain by stopping the pipe line, Canada will sell the oil to China and we will buy it back from China, in one form or the other. I'll settle for cheap gas!

They should just build it.  "We don't need no stinking permit".  Then when they say they can not pump --- pump anyway.  Let it all end up in court for years and years.

Yeah, this ant the US of Canada. Why not a USA company building the pipeline.  A lot more jobs that way for the USA.  I am tired of a large number of jobs going to Canada.

Good Luck...when push comes to shove, the money gang will win out.

If everyone buried bones on their property, the pipeline would never get completed.  It would  have to stop every 10 minutes to have an anthropologist investigate to determine if they were Indian bones.

If they want to return to the stone age, they should move to Iran for a visit to see if they like it.

To the farmers and ranchers who oppose this sorry no more fuel for your equipment start plowing with horses again

We give Canada a Free Trade Agreement which solves the majority of the financial problems and now they want to help us out but Obama and his liberal progressives don't care about America.liberals too busy telling Americans what is good for our nation. All while ignoring current administrations antics to destroy America.

If the decision to build the Keystone pipeline is left up to Obama (where did he get that authority) he won't ever approve it. I'm afraid the financial backers will get tired of waiting and go somewhere that wants their money.

But, I thought heat and fuel was given to us by obama, why do we need more????

Beggers can't be choosey, We need JOBS!!!!!!

The oil that will be pumped through the Keystone XL pipeline isn't for American consumption. The tar sands oil is already being sold to the US through refineries in the mid-west. Canada wants to be able to sell the oil on the world market for better prices. That is the purpose of the Keystone pipeline... Get the oil to the gulf so it can be loaded on oil takers for export. Don't buy the oil independence for America lie.

Obama was totally against this pipeline when Bush was in power.  Amazing how many times this liar-in-chief changes his story.

If Obama proposed that property owners should be forced to allow this pipeline through their land with the government mandating what compensation would be paid you Republicans would have a stroke screaming about it but let the Koch brothers propose it and you guys can't wait to start kicking people off their land.

More whining from the 47 percenters!  God, but I miss the days of feudalism!

There is a stigma on environmentalists. They're nuts. They'd walk on top of 100 starving humans in order to save a tree frog.

If we all did what the enviromentalists told us to do we would be compelled to eat plants, urinate in dirt pits, light our homes with candels, drink recycled human waste water and peddle around in wooden cars like the flintstones.wait until Transcanada hires it's own union workers and there are no jobs for the u.s.

Anyone that is against this pipeline should be hit with a $10 a gallon tax when they buy gas for the rest of their lives.

I hope we don't run out of oil.  Has anyone figured out how long it will take to get to work if we all have to push our cars?

how's that green energy working for you America? how many billions in government (your tax dollars) wasted on these failed companys? and yet, coal, oil and gas are proven winners.... oh... now it makes sense.... the government can only pick losers

Fitting picture with the story. 2 worthless K(())UNTS who are clueless about energy, pondering the impact of something they will never work on.

You mean the 2% that think they are right

The rally cry of the left = Stop Commerce in America.

ah terrorist. round em up lol

and yet i bet they all drive gas fueled vehicles

So the Keystone pipeline move oil from Canada to the port in Texas where it is then shipped to China. How does that help America?looks like 2 old big fugly gut grannies lost on a dirt road or interstate where they come from..

Why not just build a refinery closer to the oil? Would'nt that be cheaper?

Get the jobs some place else; Kerry is an #$%$ -kissing brown-nose; obeemah's an idiot; and best of luck to those against the XL pipe-garbage...what can I do?  Call me...

Why don't they build a refinery in South Dakota or somewhere closer? There has not been a new one built in a long ,long time. We are hurting every time a refinery shuts down for a short period of time. Don't put all your eggs in the same basket. Don't put all your fuel in the same tank. Especially when it is at the other end of the Country?

Follow the money. Climate change will drag us to our graves, but the power elite will get buried with every possible dollar. Imagine if this much energy could be devoted to wind and sun (God given)

Some people would have objected to the aqueducts built by the Romans, a few of them are still in use I think.  It's good that people fight over it, though, so everyone's concerns can be properly addressed.

Don't let the greed of the few destroy the homes and lives of the many!!!!

big joke [much] which means all of the oil will be exported where they get higher prices for it here in ohio  shale drilling companies are building pipe lines so they can export gas instead of selling it to locals these companies dont care about us , why does anyone think a canadian company will

we need work but the fact is they take our oil and canadas oil and send it overseas for huge profits while we contiue to pay out the #$%$ for gas. other counties take care of thier own first. thats why citizens of other oil export countries pay very little for thier gas. who would know from our gas prices that the US is the third largest oil exporter in the world. if it benifits us at the pump then build it, if not screw it.

‘State Department’ Keystone XL Report Actually Written By TransCanada ContractorSee March 12, 2013 Grist article  Brad Johnson state-department-keystone-xl-report-actually-written-by-transcanada-contractor/obama want's to ship it to china

Why is it that people opposed to something never have an alternative.  They are just opposed to anything that will bebefit this country.

Are they women or 2 cows???

Wow, look at all the wildlife and natural habitat in that picture.......must be worried about the field mice and black birds

They must be related to Hillary....they are UUGGLLYYY....wooof woooooof

Screw 'em.  I don't see them riding horses.

Build the pipeline. F*** the sirerra club and all those enviornmental morons. Build the pipeline. Do what Obama has not in 4 years, create real jobs.

And the idiots drive SUVs and Trucks?

Let that pipe line role on, we need the energy!!!!!!!!!!!

Is this pipeline in the US interest in that it will stabilize fuel prices? If not, forget it. If the property owners are OK with accepting money for access rights then all outsiders should butt out. The people who are worried about global warming should give up their cars and any fossil fuel transportation that they use for themselves.  Can't use horses either, because they are a source of methane production. Let us know how it works out, elitist hypocrite..After Obama's deliberate mishandling of the BP oil disaster in the gulf, I'd be worried too.  However, "a foreign-based corporation seizing land in the United States" is entirely unacceptable... regardless of the benefits.  The reasons are clear.  It will set a precedence that will pave way for corruption to take advantage of people's rights.  This should be an access issue and anyone that might be inconvenienced should be offered fair compensation for use of their land and have the right to refuse.  Outright theft is outright wrong and a big corporation from another country should NOT have the authority to muscle you out of your home and / or livelihood.

Gosh.  I just never get tired of these stories of heroic "regular folks" fighting to stop progress.  If you look real close you can see the halos around their heads.

Canada will get billions to spend on building solar power plants by sending their dirty tar sludge to their neighbor (US).

Just curious why don't they build a pipeline and refinery to west coast Canada looks a lot closer. The oil going through the pipeline is Canadian oil so it actually does not help US energy. They are just going to export it. The jobs would be nice until the first oil spill happens

Lets just ship all that oil by freight train and semi truck instead.

The government is not seizing anything. It is the greenies propaganda. J_rks.

The jobs estimate is high. Not likely 13,000.The risks if it spills are also high. If it gets built they need to do a very very good job because if it leaks there will be a lot more jobs to clean it up and it could put a lot of people's water at risk.

Satan's concubines.

Obama is hell bent on wrecking the economy further.  It started with Obamacare, then the payroll tax break expiration, massive regulations, and now preventing the growth in the only industry in the US still providing decent jobs.  No wonder companies are sitting on trillions of dollars.  I wouldn't spend one f (u) k ing dime until this socialist and his party are out of office.

If you love your country, get the Frick out of the way and let the pipeline bring jobs to the US!!Why should the US accept the risk of an oil spill so Canada can market its crude to a foreign market?I'm sure there is a lot of unanswered questions behind this debacle.

These communist would rather be slaves to foreign oil company's, than have our own supply right here in the U.S.A..do all these libtard,s realize that there are thousands of pipe lines under their communist feet already. That have not leaked in decades. When the civil war starts, Hollywood is the first to pay for their treason!

You notice that they are standing on tire tracks?   I am guessing that they must have drove there.  Doubt that a chevy volt, or nissan leaf made that trip so guessing they are actually advocates for the pipeline?

2 MANY FREAKS IN THE USA THESE DAYS==GET YOUR SAWS OUT FREAKS==START CUTTING YOUR WOOD TO HEAT &amp; COOK...............

SELL SELL SELL before they offer You obamaBucks rather them US dollars

they would rather polute the country with fumes from trucks hauling oil or let canada sell it to china and meanwhile our gas prices go up!!!!  how stupid does that sound!!!! please if you protest something at least offer a solution that is viable!!  enviromentalist are basically just MENTAL!!

Has anyone noticed the line "800,000 barrels a day will be "exported".    Exported to where? The rest of the United States or overseas?  If they're going to get our oil, it should stay in our country!!!

OMG Global warming, give me a break. Ice Bergs have been metling since the begininng of time. All the USA was under ice at one time. When it melted there was more land not more water.

The picture and the people quoted tell the story. Its primarily the younger women,who are liberal environmentalists versus all economic development projects.This is unfortunately, the way it is today in America,. Stupid is as stupid does!

let's all just sit on the couch and collect unemployment. what the hell. lol.administration slowed the approval process because of the local protests.  c #$%$,its not obama

"It creates jobs and increases our nation's energy supply," said Nebraska Sen. Mike Johanns."The pipeline would transport up to 800,000 barrels of oil per day to Gulf Coast and Midwest refineries, MUCH OF IT FOR EXPORT."How much of it is for export?  If it only creates jobs for a couple of years for a few thousand people, but most of the oil will be exported for profit for oil companies through their refineries, what is in it for the American people?

If the true goal is to lower gas prices, and create jobs in the United States, the smartest move we could make, would be to subsidize the construction of several refineries in the Bakken Oil Field region, and utilize the natural gas that is now being burned off to power these refineries. We currently waste all that energy, and needlessly heat our environment. This will remove the age old reoccurring excuse, that we do not have enough refinery capacity in this country, (so GAS PRICES MUST INCREASE), and provides countless jobs building, maintaining and operating these refineries (instead of temporary jobs building the pipeline to China).  Mention this aloud in Washington, and you'll be able to hear the big oil lobbyists whining from here. Don't be fooled America. For once, think about what the outcome would be in either case. One case ships refined gas to China after creating a few token jobs, the other reduces our gas prices, creates permanent jobs AND eliminates the loss of enough natural gas to heat over 550,000 homes EACH DAY.....   Make the smart choice America...

I hope these Luddites freeze to death in a Nebraska winter.

Build the Pipeline it will not cost the US Taxpayer a cent but will create jobs that will bring in increased taxes.I will not hurt the enviorment.This is a no brainer.

I hope the pipe goes through==thats putting people back to work==

...."much of it for EXPORT"!!! HOW MUCH???

More jobs, lower food prices via lower fuel costs, World Peace, I would rather give those wacky Canadians money than the seriously crazy and mostly evil Saudi Princes any day.

These environmental nutcases need to be ignored, and let the pipeline be built.

I guess it's ok with the people of Nebraska to burn gas in their cars made from oil that passed through a pipeline in someone else's state. But now that it's their state, it's not ok. Well, let's just build it around their little #$%$-hole of a state and stop all sales of petrolium based products to that state.So the sisters are worried about global warming? So send the oil to China where there are very few pollution controls, really get the carbon up there.  How stupid.

Kill the Keystone Pipeline !

Do these people really have any idea what they're protesting against???   I say we just give them all a state of thier own and let them run it the way they want and wait 20 years.  Then come back to see if there are any survivors.

Hope you two clowns own horses...

Who would we as Americans rather trade with and give our money to. This pipeline we are buying oil from Canada. Good people who have very similar interests as we do. Not a crazy dictatorship or evil monarchy. Or we can continue to buy oil from Really bad guys that don't like us like Chavez, Putin, and The Middle East.  Let me help you if you are undecided. CANADA. now build the bloody pipeline and lets go.Do you think for a moment that Russia or the Arabs care about the enviroment?

Always has to be some of the ignorant that show up.. Put them to death

The pipeline will not help America 1%. Commen since. The jobs are going to go to Canadian labor and when refined it will go overseas to sell at the highest price. Also how can we let a foreign country sweep through our nation and take what they want. This needs shot down on that premise alone. Never let a huge corporation tell you they have your best interest at heart. If you do I have ocean front property for sell.

I'm all for non government interference....but this project has significant economic and national security implications and needs to move forward.

This is what happens when Americans sit on their lazy ___ and don't speak up or make their voices heard!!!  Do your homework!!  This is NASTY BUSINESS TO THE ENVIRONMENT!  Research how this product is processed.  Ask what will happen if there is an accident with a ruptured line and spill.  ASK!  Find out why our dear Canadian neighbors put a stop to it being processed there!   When you are gasping for air east of Houston and the Gulf State area, from the additional pollution where the wind blows from the refineries, don't say you were not warned.   Greed is what runs all this and those wanting the approval, have the most to gain.  The oil will be exported, they will make the bucks, and you my dear friends, will be be left broke as you were, dependent on your oxygen tanks to breathe in the future or dying from lung cancer!!

Obama wants it.......SO DEAL WITH IT!!Women have 2 rights, a right foot and a right hand....both of which should be used together to cook, clean and make babies and obey their husband.

We need the jobs, the world needs the oil. Every regulatory agency has signed off on this project. The only reason it wasn't approved already is because it crosses an international border and Obama played politics. Now he'll sign it because he got what he needed- votes. There are 685,000 miles of pipelines already in use in the USA. The environmentalists need to get out of the way.

If liberals are against this, i assume they are also against shipping in oil on tankers from the middle east. After all tankers have spills.

The biggest complaint is that some land owners are getting rich on the land leaase right aways and some people are getting offered very little that is the main thing in all of this.  SOme people took the first offer and other argues for more money and got tens of thousands of dollrs and the people who took first offers got olnly a few thousand dollars.  It all comes down to many and some people feel they got hosed when they made the mistake of teken the first offer insted of checking around to see what the going rate was.

get ta hell out of the way  people  we need it and want it ,Dosent hurt the  enviroment  one stinking   bitIt hurts no one and helps millions

I will bet all the people against the pipeline drove their #$%$ to the protest in their gas guzzling SUV !!! Hypocrites !Anyone want to give up their cars?????????

These eco-morons don't seem to understand that until we develop alternate sources our economy runs on oil so unless they want to pay much more for every thing we use we need affordable oil , but some people can't understand normal things

The landowners, ranchers, homemakers don't need jobs....most are wealthy or enviro whackos.....but they will be more than happy to deny any opportunity for you.

Turn off the lights and starve in a cold dark house you morons..

The biggest benefactor here is the oil company. The land issue for building the pipeline can be paid off by the oil company. sure the pipeline would bring some temporary jobs. The pipeline short term contamination risk is medium low - greater as time goes on. This pipeline is not going to bring oil for our use - it is going to the oil refineries to go else where. It is not going to bring the price of oil down. This issue is much larger than what this article depicts. Much different from oil being drilled - this oil is coming from the oil sands. This particular oil company is poisoning the land, water and people in the area. The people are sick and dying at an alarming rate. My family.One million boos to the people who are not smart enough to understand why we need this pipeline.

Will those two heifers in the picture pay for my gas to the 45 mins it takes me to commute to work, or will they spread their legs and then have them contribute to my gas bill.?????

get a job and pay for your own #$%$.  who has time to be out protestings this stuff.  my nephew is a pipeliner and makes 250, 000 a year and pays half in taxes.  do you want us to get our oil from Iran?  get frickinking real.

YO&gt;&gt;&gt;LIBETARDS...Obammie Boy had every intention of granting it once he got his second term votes from you...How can y'all be so stupid?.....The writing was always on the wall...Don't approve till the second term so the boneheads vote you in!....then make it look like you tried really really hard...He is the biggest lier in history of politics...and you are all fools for putting him there

My how we have changed, from the construction of the Alaska pipeline that employed 10s of thousands, to today with the same kind of one dimensional nay-sayers who know best what the future will bring.  America is about building and progress, not defeatism and stagnation....My Mom's second grade teacher in 1946 said man would never go to the moon because it was too far.

I have absolutely no idea why someone would be against this project except for hysteria.  Where I live we have pipelines running everywhere and no one cares.

Hppocrites. I bet they buy gasoline and other petroleum products. REAL PROTESTERS would walk the talk.

These people who are opposing the pipeline don't care if the pipeline could could be a major component in putting people to work, and staving off their inevitable decline into homelessness.

IT's almost completed any how.  People feel they were taken advantage of on what they got for there leases is the biggest deal.

If they lay down on the road to block it, run them over just like they did in that stupid Avatar movie. They will learn."No foreign corporation should ever be able to come through and take your property without a permit," said Susan Dunavan, who owns 80 acres of native prairie in southeast Nebraska and is a conservative Republican.Almost funny when it backfires on the AMRKAN CON-Servative. ALMOST.

all I hear is about the 13,000 jobs it will create for two years. What about all the jobs lost by the people that transport it now????   Back door politics never tell the whole story...

The industries always get their way in the end...Always.

There is no stopping Exxon or Conoco.

Great idea if you want higher oil prices and fouled water

If the pipeline is authorized, and these 60's wannabes try to stop it from being built. They should be given the chance to leave. If they don't leave, beat them and then kill them.

Typical tree hugging left wing kooks with nothing better to do than to make the real folks struggle to get to work which is something these idiots need to do then maybe we can do what is needed.

Read a good comment awhile back,"Canada's oil sands are an enviromental disaster created by nature,but cleaned up by man."

I want to hold this up.  This will just mean higher royalty payments for us up here in Ohio.  And a lot more jobs here.

Now that your hero Obama got re-elected don't think for a second he won't let the pipeline go through.. The environmental studies were done a long time ago but he stalled it because he was worried about the election NOT the impact.. He is owned just like the rest of them...stop crying then about gas prices

The picture says a lot. two women.?

We have nearly 500,000 miles of pipeline in the ground in the USA- and it is the safest way to transport oil, natural gas and refined products. This is nothing more than political grandstanding.  pathetic!

environmentalists, another word for idiots.  the way has been cleared for the project by research and these morons still want to fight it.  nothing but a bunch of do gooders that think their way is the only way.  MORONS!!!!! this will create thousands of jobs for years and these idiots care only about themselves.  THE WAY HAS BEEN CLEARED FOR THE PROJECT, CAN'T YOU UNDERSTAND PLAIN ENGLISH?  HMMM, MAYBE THEY ARE FROM IRAN!!!!!

There is a very simple solution.  The concerned landowners could return their land to the Native American tribes who lived on it until white man took it away.  The tribes could then, as a sovereign nation, stop the construction. It would help with global warming, then, too!

We need oil rehab

LIBERALS SUCK POND WATER.

Sure, lets keep paying for Arab oil. We as a country need. solution. Just keep saying no to alternatives and continue bringing in Arab oil keeps the fat cats, fat.......until such time we have true alternatives to Arab oil usage we need to work with our Canadian allies and drill in our own country.......just cut this #$%$ environmentalist........you are he cause for some real stupid laws.

We've been told many times that there is a shortage of refineries and the ones we have are outdated.  Wouldn't it make sense to build a new refinery closer to the source and transport finished goods on established pipelines or railroads?

If you know nothing about  the oil tar pits  in Canada, xl pipe line, oil refinery then you have no reason for speaking, that is the problem with most to day you want to talk the talk but you have no walk to  do the walk (it will only benefit  lobbyist pockets ) it has nothing but grief  for every onein the U.S…..( So we  tree huggers, farmers, and conservatives know nothing about what we speak?)Well then do us all a favor  and make not of it,  just to show whom can walk the walk”””Why would we export our own oil?  Isn't it bad enough we export our jobs , our companies ,our money ...does this make sense to anyone ..it sure doesn't to me ..

For what it's worth if you are so concerned about "global warming" , wind farms killing birds, nuc. plants exploding, coal fumes killing us , and fracing doing what ever it does , all you winning , crying ,tree hugging morons have to do is..............turn of all you electic and gas powered what evers OFF and cut fire wood to stay warm and cook on,,,,,,,,,,,,,WAIT you can't do that cause you would kill MR. TREE.      Question ::::::: do vegitarains eat animal crackers ?????

If it were not for the fact that the Canadian government is somehow allowed to claim "eminent domain" on American soil and over American private property I'd support this too.

Typical of Republicans...when it's in their backyard or family (gay rights) then they "see the light".

Can anyone help me find the results report from the multi-city State Department Keystone XL Pipeline hearings last year?  I attended the 12hour hearing in Austin Texas.Testimony was pretty much non-stop with a less than 8 minute limit per person. Except for 6 or 7 people, all testimony was from degreed experts. After listening to eight straight hours, I wouldn't want it in my state., The only ones for it were 2 union members 'begging' for jobs and an XL owners' "expert" witness. People could submit as much documentation supporting their testimony as they wished. Mostly, it could be measured in inches.

We need to keep down the costs of oil, until we have an alternative source of power for vehicles.  If we destroy the economy with token environmentalism and an emotional reaction to climate change, we may not have the money to build and buy the new clean technologies, and simply loose out to Chinese coal powered industry.It will take decades to complete the upgrading of our power system to allow the use of all sustainable energy sources.

"a recent State Department report dismissing the ecological impact of the pipeline"What the hell is the state department doing "dismissing the ecological impact" when that is the job of the interior department &amp; the EPA?

The Oil Interests TELL the Landowners X about of time to sign or its siezed,the Pipeline is near completetion already in many areas,the Refiners {Koch Brothers} have offshore contracts to other nations,Canada and USA recieve very limited revenue,Port Author is a Duty Free Zone,no public $$$ coming to USA,Texas Oil monopoly should be broken-up,Pump Prices will not come down,home heating,diesel,oil by-product and others will not be made cheaper for consumer! Canada's gov't won't help its people either....refineries should be set up in SD,ND,Montana,Neb,Iowa for rural agriculture fuels supplies,even if a subsidize until profitable! Texas can recieve whats left after,never to be more than 10%!

Everyone and his mother knows the pipeline does nothing to help the US and should be run through Canada. It represents taking of risk for nothing and will only represent another "thing" to protect for national security that Canada should be absorbing in that country.

Ten people met at a church and 6 met at a diner.  Meanwhile, thousands wait for jobs and a dream of energy independence.  All the counties and minicipalities are also waiting for the tax dollars it will bring in.  The downside is three "environmentalists" may loose their jobs.Let the oil flow, all my toys need oil or gas mostly both so ENVIRO nuts take a hike.

have you noticed if it has #$%$ or tires it will give you problems.

Isn't it our elected officials job to make sure Canada can export their oil to Asia, Europe, and South America so that the oil sands oil isn't landbound and keeping gas prices in the Midwest depressed ;-)  lol

The State Department has already said the project is not a problem. It is now up to Obama.

WHO will winn this one, Big Oil  OR Little folks , like you and me,, time will see

these people have nothing better to do I guess, they are just plain stupid

This is funny, this is a RED state, and if they remember correctly, it was all the repubs who were blasting Obama for trying to stop it.  Why are they complaining, they got what they wanted.  Pull up some of the old clips for them rightwing media folks and listen to what they have to say about it.

Who cares about oil??? JUST SHOVE ALGAE DOWN YOUR GAS TANK

the pipeline is a done deal. it will be built.

The land is being taken from them for them, at lest thats how it is here in Texas. It like the judges are being paid off and sideing with the pipeline company.If the Canadians build their own pipeline to their own coast, it will be shipped off to another country.  Just another lost opportunity for us.

That oil is going to burn here in the US or in China.  Might as well be here.

This pipeline nonsence only sounds appealing to uninformed Fox viewers. Funny how giving imminant domain to a foriegn company over private property has become a conservative agenda. Racism will make you do crazy things.

ahh you know how these tree huggers are.they make mountains out of mole hills. compare this to your pipe line...an ant #$%$ on the football field fifty yard line...no game do to flooding ..

hippies are ruining this country

Looks like a perfect place to build a pipeline, just need to clear those cows off the road.

Good to see the Obama administration finally learning what it takes to keep a nation running. Only took him 4 years.

So, why not build a refinery in North Dakota..No pipe line required?????

I don't care how many jobs the project creates, the potential to increase supply of oil and bring gas prices down will be worth the very small risk of any environmental issues.  The economic impact of lower gas alone will be a major deal for our economy and allow our hard hit American families better able to make ends meet.  Don't the wackos realize we already have hundreds, make that thousands of pipelines in the US...How often does anything happen to them?

Can`t see any thing but good comming out of this pipe line !You silly humans are way too late, for we have already upset the balance and we will never bring it back because we are too civilized.

i almost say let them have there no Pipeline and when China takes over the pipelineand they whine about the economy in shambles or how we have no resources dont come crawling back to US

It would be easier to trust the government's position if it weren't, as usual, lying.  This pipeline isn't going to result in any growth in the availability of oil and gas products here in the US enough to drop the prices a single cent.  The plan is and has always been to process Canada's oil in Texas then ship it overseas where it can be sold for a higher price than in the US.  The US needs to tell Canada to just build their own refineries there where their oil is and leave the US environment alone.  We could create an equal amount, or more, jobs (jobs that last for more than 2 years) by investing the same amount of money into the national use of our own natural gas reserves.  A move than benefits all Americans, not just the richest of the richest.

Leave it to the #$%$ liberals to  keep us dependent on foreign oil to make themselves feel good while the rest of the country suffers. Screw those #$%$, put that pipeline in and start the hiring process. Lets get America back to work. we need to tap those vast oil fiends across the midwest and start exporting all that oil  to get this country out of debt.

Eminent domain for a foreign company? Wow, we really are a bunch of suckers and sell-outs.

they should freeze to death in the dark,idiots.

Oil from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico to go somewhere else in the world.  And Canada can't build the pipeline across their own country why? I know it gives business to our refineries but it's not helping energy needs for us &amp; Canada.  Money is not always the answer.

Young skulls full of mush!

Gosh shoot these odumbo A.S.S. Kissing people.

Plug it with used tampons.MORE LIKE TRY TO DERAIL AMERICA!!!!

The ignorance of some of these sheeple posting is exasperating.  This pipeline is wrong for America and the world for so many reasons:  Tar Sands are horrible carbon polluters and will accelerate global warming.  A spill in the aquifer or anywhere will be tragic.  The jobs created by building the pipeline will be temporary (two years tops).  The cost of jobs if there is a spill in the aquiferthe economic losses due to accelerated global warming... astronomical.  I could go on and on.

Watch all the formerly anti-pipeline politicians run to the front of the line to take credit when it is completed and becomes the very necessary resource we needed all this time. And, guess who will be at the front of that line claiming, "Well, I was against it before I was in favor of it. After all, I was the one who signed off on it, so I made it happen". Sound familiar?

Idiots... when gas goes up to $5 -$6 maybe they'll get it. As they say you don't like it move.

It's like everything else.  We all cry about the cost of gas until they want to put a pipeline through our back yard, then that's more important.  A micro chasm of the whole problem.  "Fix the problems unless the fix affects ME, then I am more important."  Can't have it both ways, people.

Build the pipeline, we need it! Its time to get with it and find some compromise on a route. If it was in China the oil would already be flowing----we have become a pitiful country were any idiot can stop progress.

I wonder if these idiots don't drive cars, heat their homes with natural gas, use anything made of plastic, if they do any of this...they need to shut up.

It is a matter of National Security to get our energy from local sources.  To depend on the Middle East or Asia is to be held hostage.  Why do Americans want to hurt themselves prostituting ourselves to OPEC?  You have short memories of the '70s.  We WILL have the pipeline.  Here, in WV, there are pipeline being installed everywhere for Marcellus Shale and Utica natural gas and we welcome it!  So does Ohio and PA.

In the pic at the top of this story  ,,DID we need that road there ur standing on ,,Just saying

Well these two women can get a horse and buggy and use that to go where needed. What do they drive to get where they go? I bet its not horse pulled!!!