Wow, read the book Mugabe, Jesus defended the poor, and was disgusted byviolence, oppression and man's inhumanity to man. Your "cleanse the streets"program swept the poor from the street stalls that they had run by them for generations.Farmers that made Rhodesia strong were given "Das Boot" as wellNow the "President for life" is pulling strings -Political rivals, The Police, The Media, diamonds etc.Just remember Mugabe that unlike Jesus, whose teaching are more precious than gold,you are King Midas in reverse, anything you touch turns to dust.

Kick him out of the Country.

My mama allways told me never to make deals with the devil.

Is this a cruel joke?  That Shona dog should be excommunicated for all the crimes he has committed against humanity!

So I am a divorced Catholic and can no longer receive Communion because I remarried but Mugabe has murdered many thousands of his own people and stolen thousands of farms can go to the inauguration of the pope. The hypocrisy of the church is endless.

Praise the church who blesses dictators like Mugabe anyway no matter how much crimes !

Praise God it is not my president. Our politics!

Just another reason I quit going to catholic church.

This is a very good oppurtunity to arrest him,he has inflicted much pain on his people,also earger to worsen it

I think the reporter is an idiot.MAY Mugabe, find out the truth when he gets there---that he is going to burn in hell

Mugabe is a practicing Catholic but he also is well known for his human rights abuses. Something is not right here.

Throw Mugabe's but in Vatican jail and let the Inquisition at him.

He's in good company he's a violator of human rights and the priests are violators

Please Pop Francis don't meet The Devil himself,Mugabe.

Every country should own it land 100% .... Un do all of colonial slavery .... And this is the part that was the most powerful taking land from the people that was born there for million of years

THIS BLACK HITLER IS A CATHOLIC?  EXCOMMUNICATE HIM!WHY WAS HE MARRIED IN THE CATHOLIC CHURCH WHEN HE WAS ALREADY MARRIED AND HAVING AN ADULTEROUS AFFAIR?  THAT MARRIAGE SHOULD BE ANNULLED TOO!Bikita, April 22, 2011 President Robert Mugabe on Thursday lashed out at Catholic Bishops, accusing them of being liars and puppets of the West.Mugabe, a Catholic, was addressing members of the Zion Christian Church (ZCC) at their Mbungo headquarters here. He said he had lost confidence from his own bishops.“I am confused by my own Catholic bishops, they must learn from you (ZCC leaders). Often Catholic bishops expose that they are not their own men; they are mere puppets of Western Countries. I grew up in a Catholic Church but now I am totally frustrated by how these so called men of God who lie. All Catholic bishops are liars, they demonise my party every day,” fumed Mugabe.The Catholic Church married Mugabe to his wife Grace under controversial circumstances in 1996, after having sired children with her while his first Ghanaian wife,Sally, was still alive. Grace was previously married to Stanley Goreraza, an air force pilot, and believed to be working in the Zimbabwe embassy in China. As secretary to the president, she became his mistress and together they had two children, Bona, named after Mugabe’s late mother, and Robert Jr. Sally died in 1992 after a long battle with kidney.Although Mugabe could not divulge why he is not prepared to walk out of the Catholic church, he said there was nothing true being preached by the priest from Catholic church.“I observed how they operate and my conclusion is that almost three quarters of them who are whites feed people with lies,” added Mugabe.

Kinda ironic that European countries have developed a sense of human rights....dont get me started.

like him or hate him, he is one of the unsung heroes of th african continent. And o'yes just like the tony blairs and george bush of this world, he is said to have presided of deaths of many people. Blair and bush are not talked about. What a selective morality? Or is that what fairness means to you people. Do you know what "hipocrisy" is?

One #$%$ deserves another.This is a man who killed thousands of people.  Took away their land and fornicated the country. #$%$ is he doing seeking audience with the Pope?

"I was not ready for the fall...."--Live to tell