HAHAHAHA Once again the California court systems are a complete joke

I hope when I go to court in April, I get my butt spanked as well.

See what fame and fortune and freebies being a celebrity will bring. Really something to strive for!

Out of all who contribute something significant to life,...we keep reading about her...

When you look up the word loser in the dictionary you will see her picture.  The definition is a person who has it all but thinks they are above the fray.  One who squanders everything including friends and family.

Bet she gets a day pass once a week?

It's sad that the system allows this adult child to act in unacceptable ways without making her grow up and face the punishement she has earned and deserves.

Really sad if you got the money what a breeze for you if not off to jailSo sad for our system

SUPERIOR JUDGE....HA ! L.A Courts are a disgrace !

rename her the teflon Wh__re.She is not special and needs to be in jail.

Her sorry --- should be in jail...stop saying she is troubled..she is a spoiled brat who thinks she is above the law...

And to think I actually respected this judge before.  Rehab does nothing for her.  I'm guessing she borrowed more money from Charlie Sheen in order to buy her way out of this one.  Maybe she'll take one last ride before leaving for rehab, and accidentally overdose.  One can hope...

This sentence means absoultely nothing to her. She should have been put in rehab right then. She's never going to change, she'll probably have visitors that will bring stuff into her. The only that might make her listen, is a stiff sentence with NO preferential treatment, and that isn't going to happen.

Another reason why people don't trust our so called Justice System.

Gosh, Lindsay Lohan is such a great "role model" for all the young women.  Soon the men in the United States will all turn Gay!

She needs to humble herself a bit, and show some respect instead of being a #$%$ that a lot of people are calling her.

This gal needs to go to jail and mingle in with the general population. If it were anyone else, guess where we would be right now?

Celebrity Ju$tice.......again....

How in the world does this loser keep getting free passes out of jail?? If that was a "normal" person we would have been thrown in jail and the key thrown away. And celebs wonder why they have such a huge drug problem. They get off with a slap on the wrist."plea" must not mean nothing, just like "illegal" in illegal mexicans means nothing!!!!!!!the hard working people of this country just keep getting screwed &amp; screwed!!!!!!!!!

She needs only a weekend spent on a ranch in Montana to get her life back on track. Never mind, that is just in the movies.

She will be late for rehab but it won't be her fault.She will leave rehab early but it won't be her fault.She will get into another accident but it won't be her fault.She will do drugs and alcohol but it won't be her fault.She will lie to the police but it won't be her fault.Hopefully she wakes up before it is too late.

Anyone knows that you can sign yourself out of rehab at anytime you want -- It is called leaving "Against Medical Advice".  Of course, she will walk out and then it will take the police 6 months to find what porno star she is then sleeping with!  In the meantime, the only inside of a jail she is ever going to see is on the set of the porno movie she will be shooting!

Oh yeah that was a real harsh punishment, IF I had done just some of the things that she has done I would be UNDER the jail...just goes to show if you got the money, AND an actress, you can get out of anything...WATCH OUT, here comes the next president

In the US you get the "justice" you can afford. None of us common folk would have been able to do this........ we would still be in jail from the first dozen times while our families went on welfare, our cars and houses were defaulted on and our jobs lost. She has several things going for her that SHOULDN'T influence the justice system. She is young, very pretty and very wealthy.

Make this girl and her family go away...noone cares what they are doing!

She better get some more money from Charlie sheen.

Politicians, TV stars, singers, money people, etc.  They always get treated like they are above the law.  What a line of BS in this country.

Her #$%$ needs to go to prison just like you and I would have.The best reality show going!  If I were her I'd take a couple months jail and get off probation and stop using rehab as a way to avoid punishment but I'm not her and I love it every time she evades jail and her haters gnash their teeth and spew bile in frustration!

Really want to help her. Give her 365 days of house arrest. She needs yime to sit. This way it's on her dime.

Unless they're going to treat everyone in California the same, she should have gone to the slammer.  Believe me, that's real drug rehab!

This was a terrible deal for Lohan.  She should have taken the jail time and finished this mess she's in once and for all.  Now she will be in the system for another almost 3 years.  Most people don't know that the system is in place to keep people in the system.  If she does jail time she's done and doesn't have to answer to anyone.  Now she goes away for 3 months and is put on a short leash for 2 years which is designed to help her fail.  People don't understand the judicial system.  It is a billion dollar industry that supports lawyers, judges, etc...  Once they grab a hold of you they don't want to let go and make it harder to for a person to get out from under the reach of the systems control.  Sure you can argue that if she just keeps her nose clean she's fine but it's not that simple.  She is under a microscope and has an addiction which makes it even harder to live down something from the past.  Too bad her lawyers didn't instruct her to take a short jail sentence, but then again it's in the best interest of the courts and the lawyers to keep her there, so why would they?

If Lindsay Lohan was a BLACK woman, do you REALLY think this would of ever happened SO OFTEN? The justice system will give PLEA DEALS to anyone that can AFFORD them. That is WHY our country is GOING TO HELL, this is a great example of what the word *JUSTICE* doesn't mean... She will VIOLATE something else, and it will be another ROUND and ROUND the MULBERRY laughing court.

The laughing stock!

I'm sure she will kill someone driving drunk.Then everyone will say sorry and they did the best they could..

At the very least I hope 90 days is 90 days!!!

FINALLY! Lindsay is "taking the cure" and knowing her sticktoitiveness, it'll be a total success and we will NEVER have to read about this publicity-seeking vandal in print or on the internet or view her narcissistic hi-jinks on TV AGAIN! Phewwww!

The Judge is giving her time to pick out a treatment center that will cater to her needs. What a joke. Lock her #$%$ up!Hearings should be held for all the judges that let Lohan off, and they should be evaluated to see if they are compentent for the job.

Pilled out vacation,.,I want one...

that is 1 mean looking cop to the left . of her is it not .?

She should be headed to jail for a no show.

she should count her blessings and not pee and moan....stay in there  don't sneak anything in get it over with get out and get a job make some money and pay off some bills, fines and stick some money in the bank and a wiener her throat.

Free Lindsey!!!

Let her OD so she can rid us of her stupidity

They tried to make her go to rehab, I said PLEASE! And take away her phone!

Let me get this straight...the idiot (I mean LL) shows up 1 hour late for a hearing she knew about for weeks?  And the judge just sat there waiting for the Princess to lend her grace to his courtroom?  Gee, seems to me that is contempt of court.  And the charge of obstructing justice was dropped?  She LIED about being the driver.  That is obstruction.  I guess these SoCal judges just drop their pants (or panties) every time this twit shows up.  My goodness, an "ordinary" citizen (no one of the former Hollywood starlets) would be in real, live prison for months without parole if we pulled any one of her antics.  Hey LL.  Get off the drugs.  You don't look like 26.  More like 39 and aging fast.

I knew it! Does this woman own the Judges or what???? What a miscarriage of justice!!!!! You and me would have our behinds in a jail so fast your head would reel !!!!!!SO how many times will she be going to rehab before the finally put her in jail/prison? Any normal person would have been put away for 5-7 years by now.

If I was sitting in jail for committing similar offenses to Lohan's, I would be screaming my head off to the media, to the courts, and to my legislators. I wouldn't go down quiet. Two justices in this country..one for the famous and one for everyone else. And I hope that anyone who is in jail for similar offenses will yell their heads off at the injustice of the California system.

Seriously?!?!?  If it were any one of us we would have been locked away for a long time.  Ridiculous!!!

Who really cares what happens to her? She isn't someone who makes this world a better place that's a fact! Give me news of people that make things better! Think about it...

Hope rehab works this time - I have a feeling something really bad will happen to her soon, if she doesn't change. Shes like watching a train wreck in slowwwww motion. Sad really.

What a croc. Rehab makes NO sense in this case. The offer never should have been made.--She was on probation for a THEFT case.-She then got into a TRAFFIC ACCIDENT.-She then LIED TO POLICE and obstructed an investivation.-WHAT about this screams rehab? NONE of the charges are drug-related. NONE.-IF jail truly "scares the #$%$ out of her" then that is EXACTLY what she needs to straighten up &amp; get her life back on track so she'll stop #$%$ up!

you can tell she blew the judge for such a light sentance

Her usual room?

Ok, how many times can you plea before our judges see a trend?

Boy   does   she  have   prison  time  build  up she   don't  know  what it is  being  locked  up   and   having  to do  what the  guards  tell you  to  when   to go to  bed  when  to get up when to eat when to shower  etc  etc   this  will keep  going on  as  long  till we  just  stop  reading  about  her and she  isn't  in  the news  grow  up Lindsay  you'll   be   an old  lady  with  nothing  and no oneput the #$%$ in jail

Ho' evade's Justice 4, coming in september.

First thing she is doing after rehab!!!   PARTYING LIKE A ROCKSTAR!!! YEEHAA&gt;&gt;&gt;

anything for publicity and money

Who cares!

American law the finest justice money can buy! This sounds like the foul (bird like) offspring of the Russian or Chinese poltburo!

This woman is a hot mess. The judge finds something attractive about a hot mess.

They have a great re-hab at the LA COUNTY JAIL... Another judge that is a SUCKER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

A another slap on the wrist for Lindsay!

*******************TRAMP**************************ABSOLUTELY DISCUSTING!  Lindsey is getting off again/beat the system/JUSTICE WAS NOT SERVED, AGAIN!!  If she was John or Jane Doe's daughter she would have been in prison long time ago.  MONEY TALKS, JUDGE DABNEY..AND SHAME ON YOU!  90 day in lock down drug rehab? Judge Dabney, you actually believe this rich little criminal will not get drugs smuggled into her at the lock down rehab? Naive along with irresponsible.   Legally jailed five (5) times and still gets a slap on the hands.  The 90 day sentence is definitely ludacrous!  When she get out.  I'll give her a day or two, month or two at the most and she will be back on the streets committing the same crimes..AND WHEN SHE KILLS AN INNOCENT PERSON, THIS JUDGE (S) SHOULD BE HELD ACCOUMTABLE. THE JUDGES WHO SLAPPED HER HANDS  WILL ONLY HAVE THEMSELVES  TO BLAME.  HER KILLING HERSELF IS THE LEAST OF MY WORRIES..BETTER HER THAN AN INNOCENT PERSON.

shes gunna give herpies to everyone in that joint

I saw some video of her in court yesterday.  Wow....she is a total fugly hag now.

......this is one lucky #$%$ girl!  Should it be the commoners we would get the book thrown at us &amp; the keys thrown out!  Of course she'll take the plea....

Re:  Lindsay Lowlife " gets 90 days in rehab".Allow me to translate this  for  the rest of you…..   She 'll  spend 90 days in a suit at a luxurious country club rehab facility reserved exclusively for the rich &amp; famous &amp; locked down only in the sense that  "guests" are "requested"  not to leave unless accompanied by an attendant .   A member of my family,(also a Hollywood celeb),  was  court ordered to check into such a facility,  likely the same one Ms. Lolife will vacation at.   I visited him there &amp; though I'd prefer not to vacation there for 90 days due to other commitments,  I'd enjoy a 2 week stay at such a facility;  the 1 draw back being no alcohol.    Other than that, Ms. Lolife is guaranteed a Very pleasant stay.

Her lawyers really love her.

WHAT A LOW LIFE #$%$

Lock this POS up and throw away the key. Enough is Enough of this TRAMP!!!

WELL, fortunately LILO didn't "do" a Frances Farmer on the Judge ..... but THAT's coming ......... [Ya know ... Occupation?   and the classic retort ...]

They say it's not who you know but who you blow... Lohan has both on her side apparently!I hope when she is picking up trash on the side of the road a drunk driver vears off the road and turns her into a quadraplegic.

That "child" needs a full year in incarcarated rehab away from her stupid parents or she will die young like other junkies..which is what she is...a junkie.

Yes, she is a train wreck. Just let her crash and burn. So much wasted time on her.

LiLo will spend 7 days in lockdown and then will be released because the Caliornia rehabs are over crowded.

Our judges are like our politicians- stupid

I agree,..she does need a year in..you misspelled Prison.

Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!! Lindsay show me your clam!!!

I bet somebody in that rehab place will get to play "connect the freckles"..

these judges in california need to grow a pair    #$%$

90 days? You be lucky if she serves 3 days, by the end of the week, she'll be free again to be stupid once more.18 months of Psychological Therapy?  Gonna take longer than that.

Somewhere, a lazy public defender just allowed a black teenager to get 6 years for stealing beer...I wish civilians were really equal in terms of law.

Put that B!!!!!! in jail like she deserves!

I cannot believe he didn't make her do both jail and rehab that is what she really needs.  It is amazing how these celebs get off so easy.  You would think since everyone has been saying what a wreck she is that the judge would have finally thrown her butt in jail.  Pathetic judicial system in this country.

she does not really "work " the rehab program. or it would work

When I look at her, I swear I can almost hear the music playing in her head going, "The wheels on the bus go round and round, round and round, the wheels on the bus goes round and round, all day along".

The Wealthy in America play by a different set of rules then the rest of us.  More proof.Thank you GOP for working so hard to make the USA a two class country, the Rich and the poor controlled by rich.

I wonder what private beach side rehab facility she'll be "locked-down" in this time with fabulous food, body detox regiments, massages, therapeutic facials .... What laws do I need to break and how many times do I need to do it so that I can go!

the lindsay baby needs agood driver. ... i will be urs

In a sane world, this hung over, fake lipped, greasy hair extension person would just go away and we would never hear from her again like she was a no body.  You make the rest of us look good!I just thought I was sick of hearing about Kim Kardashion, Where is the justice here? A tramp is a tramp is a tramp!

This just old news; nobody cares about LiLo anymore.  She's a joke.

Taking bets on how long she will actually be on "lockdown" I'm sure she will still find a way to go out and party.

NO MONEY to throw around in California and the judge wasted the tax payers money for this. Next time when she is told to be in court at say 8;00 AM start a meter to pay back to the tax payer a fee of $10,000.00 an hour till she is out of the courthouse after court. And don't hurry her through her time in court.

If that was any of us... we'd have spent many nights in jail by now for sure!!!

Send her butt to a Amish farm........Make her scoop poop and work the fields behind a horse....Up at Dawn to hand milk the cows and wash the cloths by hand and so on and so on...To bed at sunset....Seven days a week. That will clean the booze and drugs out of her.....

Why is the cal. Court system different? Aren't they part of u.s., seems to me that it's out of a cartoon ,why are these clowns able to call them selves judges ?give them publicity and they in hogs heaven.lol

special treatment for the wealthy and priveleged.  No wonder almost no one respects the "justice system" anymore, especially her.

Now IF Lilo has the 'smarts' [which one secretly hopes she has] she'll write her own tell-all "Too Much Too Soon" [Diana Barrymore was it?]; do a bit of growing up ..... and sell the movie rights .... but then again - poor Diana - after ALL of THAT - came to grief ......

I give it 2 weeks before she's out.If this were me or any other average citizen, we'd be in jail a long long time. She needs a year in rehab to actually make it stick. None of these other short stints have done #$%$ so far.

cali justice system luv's you if you are white celebrity.  didn't they just put bobby brown in jail recently in california?

she needs 3 months of rehab on her teeth alone.

r u kidding me, what is with this chick, how does she manage to get off every time, she has to be running low on cash............................

Maybe the problem is the relative low IQ in L.A.  After all who else would call this no-talent, has-been loser that hasn't had a hit movie in over a decade a "star"?

Man she looks bad

with all those pools,spas and jacuzzi's she ought to be able to get clean !!!

It's amazing how bad she looks, a good example of what years of excessive drugs and alcohol can do to a women's looks.

Doesn't she keep a bottle of dry shampoo with her?!?! ew.

Aren't we all over L.L. by now? Why does she still have a job? Let's move on instead of giving her more attention. I dunno, maybe I'm still missing something... I stalill don't get why the Kardashians are famous,also.Lindsay deserves an Oscar. Not for her films but for her court appearances.

When will this stupid #$%$ actually do some jail time. What are they waiting for? is she going to have to be high on drugs or drunk and kill someone. Thats when it will be to late.

Want to bet that  within 30 days she won't  be back in front of another judge for violating her probation?Most people would be in jail long before now.

If those in a position to help her continue to fail, she may not reach her 30th birthday.

Nothing will work unless she wants help.Sadly I'm afraid were going to lose her soon.I seen this so many times.

the court system is a joke,  the judge is a joke.  simple.  one more time and that will be it!  lol.   wow.

If she came to kenosha wis she would never see the light of day.

She should go to jail for about 10 years and she will still never learn how to be a women.

Just like i said she can get away with murder 10 times over and i'ts not her fault,she will get away with much much more and any males that go out with her will wind up dead and she wil get away with murder.

Shees so fine theres no tellin where the money went.just let her OD

Prototypical celebrity. Arrogant. Conceited. Self-absorbed. Spoiled. Self-entitlement. Self-righteous. Megalomaniac. Egotistical. Omnipotent. Laws r meant 4 the little people, namely the rest of us the peasants, the paupers and the help. If it were u, or I they would throw away the key and never look back. Food 4 Thought.

Does anyone actually care what this drugged out idiot does anymore? Other than maybe throwing her a bone, I could care less.... I'd treat her like the garbage she is, slap her around, kick her in the #$%$, screw all her friends!!!

YA BABY

I WANNA PORK MZ LOHANS HEINEY

I'D EAT HER JUJUBES

LINDSAY LOHAN IS SO FINE

( @ )( @ )(_____)(_____)

why doesn't she just #$%$KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK the judges and go free,CAL

This #$%$ will never learn...LOL...what a loser..A plea deal?? Whatever could this #$%$ have been willing to plead other than: "I'm a famous celebrity and don't deserve to rot in jail like the rest of the filthy unwashed masses!"

And there she goes" right out the back door! Shes a slipery little Rabbit. Oh well?

California judicial system does not exist to normal people just a bought and sold thing for people to control with lawyers and money.

Wonder if Charlie gets visitation privleges for xxx

Joke! I'll bet you can't make 90 days in the re-hab deal! So will they really put her in jail when she screws this up???

Right! I'll believe it when I see it. That the judge let her go 'til May 2, to set date is crazy. Then we get to see if she can wiggle away out of some time, do more stupid things &amp; end up going through this cycle all over again. If it was any citizen, we'd be watching from jail [or rehab] right now.

If it was a regular person they would be in jail .I don't even consider her a star .She thinks she is not responsible for her actions and the judges are just saying go ahead kill some one and then we will deal with you .I just hope she kills herself rather than some innocent bystander .She owes lots of money in hotel bills and rental car companies and even her stupid body guards are not getting the hint ,since they have not been paid .

INSANITY: doing the same thing over and over again,expecting a differant result!

2 things to say:  who cares and why bother

Let´s see how long does the "rehab" last.  If she were a male ,she would have been  in jail a loooooong  time ago.3 months in re-hab should do her good. She is fortunate they didn't give her 6 months. I hope she gets her shyat together this time.

Just how many plea deals can this woman get??? Your not doing her any favors by not making her pay.  GEEZ!!!!!!!  This makes NO sense to me.

Another plea deal.  I have a plea...................se deal.  Quit writing about her!!!!!!!!!!!

Cali has severe jail over crowding me I would prefer a violent criminal in a jail cell over a overindulged actress.

Must be nice to be a celebrity! Any one else posting here would be rotting in jail but this trainwreck piece of #$%$ person gets special treatment for being said celebrity trainwreck. This is why the court system sucks!

Don't worry Lindsay, you'll be out in a matter of days. You're too beautiful, sexy and talented to waste your time being locked up.

"unspecified fine"?  Whatever Sheen is willing to pay for her?  You know she's not going to take responsibility for that herself.  SHE NEVER DOES.

her father should be locked up, not her.

WHAT A BIG JOKE JUDGE MUST BE GETTING KICKBACK

she looks horrible here -- i guess she didn't have time to take a shower.  so now she gets to spend 90 days compliments of California in some country club "rehabbing".  what a life!!  she will spend her days by the pool, thank you very much California.  poor Dina won't have anyone to get drunk or high with for 90 days.  i bet she tries to sneak in contraband for her little girl.  maybe after this LL will just realize how much she hates being mocked and in trouble and just go away.Locked down rehab?  What a joke!  She'll be out in a week, go back to the same #$%$ that got her in trouble again and back to court, again and face the same warnings again and again.  Enough is enough.  Throw her butt in jail and stop wasting tax dollars on this spoiled brat.

Superior Court Judge James Dabney MAN UP!!!   And the rest of these sympathetic LA judges.....  Put this woman in jail!!!    Send her #$%$ up state!!!I am convinced these judges are on someone's payroll in LA.  Money talks...and BS walks.Still disgusted...

I call bullsheet.

TO those who live where she lives, i wanna see you break the law and get away with it like she has. besides that can i have her lawyers number, i want to get a divorse!!!! :)

James R. Dabney  you are a joke in the eyes of the American people.

what ever happened to the "3 strike" rule in CA?

They say she won't be able to leave the rehab - you believe that right?

Yeh,rehad has always worked so well for her in the past

a Private Jet must be nice &amp; throw me some confetti now &amp; then lol nix the last part..

I hope she will take the Help &amp; uses itThis is complete BS!!!!!  What a frickin joke!!!!!  Let that be an average citizen and see what happens.  Ticks me off so bad.  Our whole justice system is a joke.

I'll be surprised if she makes it to 30...

Justice for the "rich" is different than Justice for the "rest of us"...

I wonder  if, to qualify to wear a judicial robe in California, these mindless judges have to sign some kind of aggreement to NEVER, EVER allow equal justice for all in their courtrooms

What a Joke! She can do whatever she wants and gets a slap on the hand.  90 Days????  If it was the average citizen, we would have been locked up a long time ago.  Has Rehab worked for her before???/  NOOOOOOO!!!!

I am sorry this is such big news. But it is the result of children that were never taught that there are consequences for bad behavior. As a child she was allowed to behave as she pleased and no one wanted to take the time to raise her properly. Now she really believes she is privileged. Shame on her parents and managers. That said, she needs to serve time and not in a cushy rehab. She has had enough chances to get her life turned around.

So, when does her 90 days start?  After her next 2 or 3 movies?  Or her next 2 or 3 DUI's, accidents, drunken incidents?Why wasn't she escorted directly to the rehab center when she left court?  Anyone else would have been delivered there immediately but then, anyone else would have been behind bars long before this.

Shame on you Judge. USA is more corrupted than the Philippines.

She gets a day pass from rehab each week and no drug testing when she returns-some sentence..

She's not troubled...that is the problem.What the fuck is going on with those stupid judges????  why rich get so much preveliges?????? This is insane..... Stop it you stupid judge system and apply the law for everyone, not just for the poor

What worries me is the  message that her continual flaunting of the rules that everyone else needs to live by gives:  Break the law; pay the price.  That's what I know, anyway.God forbide she becomes some sort of modern Robin Hood character, except, she's certainly not taking from the rich--unless you count the private jet, and she's certainly not giving to the poor; she is simply saying, F You to everyone.Look at the victims and potntial victims of her addictions and pyschosis:The woman she stole a necklace/pendant from (I think), the  other drivers on the road, who she might have killed, or, might very well kill. Addiction and acting out is not a victimless crime in the least.

She might have wished she had gone to jail after she does a complete detox.  I cant believe the judge let her off again either.

How many rehabs does it take to fix a Lindsay Lohan?

How much you want to bet she gets out of the "locked" rehab!  We will not hear the last of her until we see her wheeled out of some hotel room on a gurney, stone cold dead.

What drugs are the judges and prosecuting attourneys on in the state of California?  They must have lost their minds........

California....home to the biggest joke of a judicial system.

Do all CA. judges have toys in their attic???  When has rehab ever helped this has been actress??  All people in CA. that break the laws like she has should tell the judge they want the Lohan treatment, no more, no less.  CA. legal system is a big joke...

You think she'll see her thirtieth birthday?

Lindsey is hot for a chick.  She has the dumb kind of look but you can imagine being able to take advantage of her and get away with it or she might even like it.when she kills behind the wheel the judges should be held accountable

This sends a terrible message, that having fame and fortune puts you above the law and that you don't have to follow rules.

celebrity "justice", which is not justice but pure corruption.

When this selfish #$%$ finally kills someone on one of her drunk-driving sprees, maybe THEN a judge will lock her up for a good, long while.  Just kidding.  We all know she may do as she pleases.

JAILL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Hey "honorable" Judge Dabney, I have a question for you. Does Lindsay swallow? "Judging"  how she violates her probation time and time again without serving time, you surely would know the answer to my question. Perhaps you are this Mr. Pink she refers to. Shame on YOU and the entire judicial system she continues to mock. YOU are what's wrong with this country!

Any one want to put a number on her life?  As in when she kills herself?  I had a druggie wife that died at 43, think she will make it longer?

This is exactly what she needs. Lets hope everyone, Lindsay especially, takes it all very seriously.

This is like watching her die in slow motion.

Imagine eating a bean burrito and then taking ex-lax and drinking coffee.  Then squat over her face and let her have it!Go away, #$%$.

I wanna have money....

Two justice systems in this country: one for ordinary folks like you and I; and the other for politicians and Hollywood #$%$...

told you she would skate. time to get new judges over in cal.

I do not hate a successful person...I hate a person who wastes a life.

the hole got away with it again

YOU JUST CAN'T FIX STUPID in rehab.

SHE IS A WASTE OF AIR

Nice judicial system, to allow this #$%$ to be walking the planet.

GOD!!!! I wished I was RICH, a Wall Street Banker, Wall Street CEO, break ""ALL"" the American LAWS I want and NEVER see the inside of a Jail cell, or Prison yard.None of the California judges have any guts to do what is needed with this wreck.  Put her in jail for a long time (add her mom and dad) so that the public gets a vacation from this junk.

I think she is wasting the courts time and court is wasting the tax payer money. Lohan has never had to be accountable for her actions. If this were to happen to just a normal person they would have had to do time in jail. SO CALIFORNIA QUIT WASTING THE TAX PAYERS MONEY. (JESUS)

Who really cares about this idiot?

just do porno.now thats rehab.

Ah, California, that land of liberal justice where criminals are victims, and real victims get screwed without a kiss.

waste of good air

This no talent train wreck will be dead before she's thirty. she should hook up with charlie sheen, get a 64 t-bird an have do a Thelma &amp; Louise ending.  Problem solved, or 2 problems solved!

but first she was given time to cram any and all orifices full of coke, crack, and her other favorites...

Rehab # 56.?.$.?.$

Money talks!!!the deal was struck before she even got into court

This #$%$ could get away with MURDER

Ya Can't Fix Stupid.......Wait And See.....

Yea,Yea Yea, we all heared this before, she be on the streets in a few days if not sooner

This judges are so corrupt ,its just a so unfair the treatment Loham received compare to the common people .Shame on you justice system how Loham play with you and manipulate the judges ,hehehehe.LOL

REHAB!!!! REALLY! This just shows you California caters to Celebs!!  No way should she have been given rehab, she should have had jail time. Ridiculous.  She is going to end upkilling someone with her carelessness. The judges there should be kicked off the bench, they are a joke.

She needs to be taught a lesson.

OK.  So let's mark our calendars 90 days when she goes into rehab.  Then let's advance TEN MORE DAYS.  That is when we will hear she was seen drunk and or high.  Trust me- IT WILL HAPPEN.  This girl will never, ever learn.  Eventually she will do a Michael/Whitney.

What a croc off #$%$! she will never learn if they keep kissing her #$%$!

Did they ever identify which breed of snake is crawling around in her head?....Would someone please tell me again WHY this chick is so "famous", besides for being a complete TRAIN WRECK!!!!

why is this news

She has demonstrated that she is currently a menace to society. She should either be incarcerated in jail or committed to a mental institution.

Lohan is more pitiful than Charlie Sheen...

Looks like they should have given her a drug test as soon as she showed up.  She looks like she is messed up on something

They should have given her a drug test at the courthouse.  She looked spaced out!  The sad reality one day will be, that she'll kill someone and maybe then, they'll throw the book at her.

Wow, she looked so great in that picture.  Maybe she should get out of the bar and wash her hair!  Train wreck waiting to happen, hopefully she won't take an innocent life with her!

SEE,  People in hollywood and people in DC are better then the rest of us.

Put her pretty #$%$ in an orange jump suit with stupid wrote on both sides.

The Judges in California need to grow a pair and lock this little b&amp;%$# up for a couple of years. Maybe then she'll act like she's got a little sense. Stop screwing around with her, you Californians, are letting these starlets;MAKE ALL OF YOU LOOK FOOLISH ! HOW MANY BIRDS WILL SHE GIVE YOU BEFORE CALIFORNIANS SAY NO MORE?This girl knows how to work the system. Jails are too crowded for the ACLU, so she has become the "plea queen". Too funny.

Any bets she won't live to age 30?

Good deal Huh?  The IDIOT even managed to miss her flight! Gee, she must have been tied to a bar stool all night...Anyone else and I mean ANYONE ELSE who had been JAILED BRIEFLY FIVE TIMES would be in JAIL THIS SECOND for an extended UNSPECIFIED period. You would think that maybe the Judge would get that? And now Lohan has until May to prove that she is enrolled in a program? Give her 10 minutes after she leaves the courtroom and she will be drinking, doing drugs and DRIVING! Gimme-a-break! Put her in REHAB from the courtroom OR put her in JAIL. This is such a crock! Mr. Pink shouldn't be assisting her-he should have refused to assist her and left her where she was. Lohan needs a LONG stretch in Rehab. NO MORE CHANCES. If Lohan drives and kills someone under the influence the Judge should be held responsible!

Bull Sheet... Money and fame can buy you anything out here......

Who gives a #$%$?

I am SICK and TIRED of them lettng her off easy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! She did a crime..he SHOULD do the time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I give her a month and she will start #$%$ about it..

Didn't she already do rehab?

Is it just me or is there anyone else out there that'd like to belt that Perra right in the mouth?

What a piece of #$%$!  Put her in prison where she belongs.She will OD within 5 years..

Shoulda thrown the douche in jail for 90 days. + The rest shes gotten released from..

How many times does this make it?

Next time she'll kill someone during one of her "escapades"!Guess what? - She'll still walk!Our judicial system is a cruel joke!

Can you tell me why the courts wasting tax $ on this misfit? this no good wraped the court around her finger at all times, with no personality this no good dope head just making a spectacle of the court for her new movie. (The way I walk).

In my second life I get to do what ever I want to Miss Lohan.

AH. The best justice system money can buy!

Is she ever gonna finally OD?  Getting tired of her revolving door incarceration/rehab #$%$.  Just end it.

Guaranteed she won't be in 90 days and she'll get her " sentence " reduced !

How about a year &amp; not a day less.  Give her a real consequence.In a way, I can't blame her if she doesn't respect the law in California - bottom line, the jails are full, and unless she gets convicted of a felony, there is little chance of her doing any real time.  California needs to build more jails!

SHE is what is wrong with America.

Just leave her alone. LA is full of party girls

the judges should do a bit of time as well to allow this to happen, what a lot of #$%$ all this is

What the hell would this B***H have to do to actually be PUNISHED???  The California courts are truly a joke and an embarrassment to the nation as a whole!

Lock the scank up.....lose the key.  Problem with this one......Solved.

Once again, the scales of justice is tilted in favor of the one who has the money and influence. The average "joe blow" gets slammer time.

Bet she was drunk, doing drugs and driving that night! Oh, and the court system out there is going to kill this idiot child.

She gets as much chances as the Illegals. What is wrong with the court system of today. Oh I guess it is as The United States Justice Department.

That judge sure showed her!  She's definitely learned her lesson now!The real question is who is on the take here?  No one gets this many free breaks and not even slaps on the hand.  She never fills her time even in rehab.  She appeals and sweet talks the judge and goes back to her trash life.  The American public is sick of this behavior and the fact our tax dollars pay for most of this judicial mess.  Send this girl to jail for a year hard time with women that can get her attention and straighten out her attitude of being high and mighty.

Here in tx. She would be in prison in an new york minute...

Again-- How many times.= and this time it would help..No respect for the judical system...Put this woman on a farm for 3 months- hard labor- wake up every morning to milk 10 cows, then make feed for the cattle- make her haul bales of hay/ straw for bedding. Drive that tractor . No TV or movies or internet. Put calleous on those pretty hands. She would not have time to put on makup-------All this work would dry her up and realize what normal feels like. In fact she may like it clear her head from all the Hollywood insanity.Exericse and hard work is good for you-- not the type that you get in a bar with a drink in your hand.

At this point, she's been high,nonstop for 14 years. And looks the part.

WHY are they wasting the taxpayer's money on this loser w(b)itch? Send her #$%$ to jail just like they would me or anybody else!

ohhh that poor baby. she has to go to rehab instead of jail where she would still be from the first offense had the court system worked for movie stars and singers like it does for the common person.

She gets off easy because she has money to buy her way out, Maybe the judge was paid off this time Instead of her lawyer, They take turns, What a system

i remember the time paris hilton was sentenced to jail....she spent 5 minutes signing in and then promptly released. this is nothing new - had it been you or i , we'd get the maximum and told we'd be made ''examples of'' .

One day she will get the WRONG JUDGE!! SLAM!

This is just too cruel. 90 days in a resort is inhumane.If she pulled that in nassau county n.y. Kathleen rice would had her in jail a long time ago ,eating macroni salad 2x a day !!!!!

Money can't buy happiness but it can still buy you freedom.

If she was a "regular" Joe, she would be be behind bars on the 1st stint. Besides having $$$, whats becomes the difference versus outcome having done the same crime ?She IS NOT any 5 star actress in my opinion, and daddy should have smacked some sense in her in her early years.

Give her a gun and one bullet and a hit of crack.

she should be in jail, they will have fun in there with spoiled little b$t#ch. She be the center of attention their.

Wow, what a surprise - if anything ever happens to me, I hope I have the same judge as Lindsay - but wait, I am not famous so I will probably have my #$%$ thrown in jail first offense.

When will a judge with a pair of balls, throw this kid into jail for a long stay? He will save her life by doing so, otherwise, she will wind up dead like Mc Cready.

how many times has she been to rehab now? she ought to be able to teach the class by now.

SEX TAPES

Like I said..."don't even bother to blog anymore"! And YES, the courts are a joke! The Judge is a joke and this pitiful excuse for a "star" is a JOKE! And this IS my last blog for this idiot Yahoo excuse for news!If you got the money, don't do the time.

didn't she get the exact same deal the last 2-3 TIMES?! put the girl in prison and keep her there longer than a few weeks. I know exactly what'll happen, she'd do the rehab and community labor and then be back to doing what she was til now...she is not learning anything and should not be getting special treatment

Just think of all the bribe money being payed out. Either that or the judges involved in this case are all Lohan fans.

She is a waste of life.

If this had been an ordinary woman, or man, they would have locked up that person long ago, and thrown away the key!! Disgusting how big money celebrities get away with breaking the law like this.

Again thanks yahoo for more non-news,  let me know when shes beheaded...

If there is ever a word that applies to Lindsey Lohan its the word....................................??TEFLON!!

Sometimes you feel sorry for these completely confused kids.  Not here.  If she does not kill herself in a car, she will kill others.  90 day lockdown? OK.  Ankle and wrist chains removed for meals and lavatory use only?  Much better.

holy #$%$ this is not surprising money does buy happiness..  iguess

Well, this is #$%$.  How did this little crackhead get a Golden Ticket for doing nothing with her life?Gosh it must be nice being a celebrity. You can kill your wife, drive drunk, assault a cop, miss court dates, steal, molest children and its all good....no punishment. Kind of like being a Kennedy.

Hopefully the program will work this time? Would be nice. We don't need to hear about another actress who died from drugs or went to prison because they killed someone with their vehicle.

I'm just THOROUGHLY outraged over this kids glove treatment of an incorrigible BRAT, who continues to flip her finger at the entire judicial system, as well as  make complete #$%$ of the judges assigned to her case.  You let a Latino or Black or anyone else who isn't white and (in)famous try her antics, and see how they're treated by the same judges.  It's gotten to the point where the whole situation is completely DISGUSTING.  There's no longer even the PRETENSE that we have "equal justice under the law" in this country.  The Supreme Court should replace that LIE with a more accurate slogan, "COLOR-CODED JUSTICE FOR A PRICE."

who really gives a damn, what Lindsy Lohan does?????

Maybe a stay in rehab will save her life. I hope it does. She is such a train wreck, she does not even know she has a problem.

If this were anybody else (say like you or me) the judge would have thrown the book at us.Late, No regrets, Attitude, continued bad behavior after being put on probation? Yes sir the system works for those who work it evidently.

She may as well finish out her "sentence" and then retire into the mundane world of celebrity reality television. Maybe she can hook up with Coolio long enough to do Celebrity Wife Swap for her big break.

Is every law-twister judge in the US that deals with Lohan a sucker, or does her law-twister have something on all of them?

She needs a pimp.

Yet another slap on the wrist, well for Lohan it's more like a tap on the wrist. Good going Justice System.What does that woman have to do to get thrown in jail?!  Ya know, if she spent some quality time in jail for her first run ins with the law the rest of them would have never happen!..........  (she would have been in jail)

She'll be posing in Hustler by the time she's 30 (no "tasteful" pics there). Assuming she lives that long. What a waste.

That girl would get all the "rehab" she NEEDS if they'd just put and keep her a s s in jail! The system there needs to stop slapping her on the wrists/hands just because she's a "celebrity". She's done!! She's done being an actress, singer and blah blah. She's never going to be able to find an A or B list type movie again because of her recklessness. If that state and her family REALLY want her to grow up, face her responsibilities, and learn, then SEND HER TO JAIL!!! And I'm not talking jail where you get wined and dined. Send her to a jail that's going to actually an impact, mentally, physically and emotionally!

She is spoiled rotten and nauseates me to the extreme.  One of these days she is going to kill someone on the road while driving!

More like Re-hag

So if there is a friend out there who can take five minutes from their wonderful world of fame to care for another person, do it.  Money doesn't mean anything when you just live for people to like you

Let this be a lesson to all you kids that crime dosen..... Oh well never mind.

If the Titanic had been named "LL" it would have never sank.

that dumas will do something wrong before she goes back to court!!!

And her family doesn't want to help her, they just use her.y doesn't she have one friend out there that gives a #$%$ about her?? That's sad. I would do something instead of sit by and watch her kill herself ...she is hurting n needs help before she ends up like Anna Nicole smithI see her joining the 27 club with Hendrix, Joplin, Cobain and Winehouse........

She needs to be taken to wood shed and beaten.

I guess they'll just wait until she kills herself, or somebody else. Why do celebrity's get special treatment? Wait, I already know the answer....$$$

I hope anyone in California that faces similar charges asks for the Lohan deal......yep, people need to start getting the same treatment.

Oh, good grief! Does this woman have to kill or seriously injure someone before the courts do anything?!

Three strikes, you're out. I mean ten strikes, no wait twenty, ah forget it.

Maybe if the judge did his job he could give her mandatory in house drug treatment.  Sorry system

Well it's about Damn time guess the judges she has been paying off just got tired of seeing her.  How Many times does it take? #$%$ in texas she would have done time each time  she shouldn't get special treatment ever

Talk about making a mockery of our Legal System here. This little girl needs a few years in the big house instead of some cozy rehab center. Why is she being so protected here?

WOW!! Lindsey whooped um again. If this had been my daughter pulling this #$%$ she would be in jail for like 5 years.The California judicial system is a frecken joke and so are the judges. Don't tell me Lindsey is not getting the lenient treatment. If I ever walked into a court room as late as she did today that judge would be kicking my #$%$ all the way to jail.What a got damn joke.  Put this (h)ooker in jail where she belongs.

I know in my heart- I would do her!

OMG She is the wreck and the judge is the driver.  He switches tracks to avoid hitting the princess.  The driver is deaf dumb blue and blind.  If I ever ride a train you bet I will check if this guy is the driver before I step on the next train.

Courts are still letting her rule the roost.

That black sgt. has BIF. A butt in the front!!!!

Let me get this straight. Lohan who has struggled for years with legal problems and been briefly jailed five times. Hmmmm! Looks like the judges in L.A. need to go for a refresher course on how to sentense habitual offenders. Try that judicial behavior in Michigan and your #$%$ will be looking at possible censure of your judicial position on the bench. Seems as though you judges in L.A. are uncanny. You are that intervention group that is lost in a jungle. A defiance of the laws of the land. I say, place her jail and do us a favor so we can indulge our minds in productive news within the boundaries of the Yahoo side bars.

Her problem, Los Angeles. The solution, tie a bungee cord to her #$%$ and throw her off the New River Bridge in West Virginia. Eight hundred feet later she will be cured. Old compulsions can never compete with new ones, stronger ones. They make you a different person.

Lucky the judges are being paid off. ANY other woman would be in jail now.

UN-believable!!

for 3 years or so i have been saying.."one more time and this girl is gonna run out of luck and they are going make her pay for her crimes"...each and every time, including this morning's judge they have tried to talk tough...each and every time lindsay snubs her nose and does'nt follow the rules of probation etc....and still this judge this morning after the girl being in re-hab SIX freaking times.....thinks its going to work to let her have it for a SEVENTH time??? the state of california should put this judge in re-hab...She uses the court and they can't see it...Hello!!

For anyone who truly cares for Lohan, she would be better off feeling those consequences.  Going to jail would be the best thing for her.  THAT'S what would make her want to change....

This must be her new reality series.......

WINNING!!!!

They need to lock her up and throw away the key!

Think of all the booze and drugs she can do till may 2nd, leave lilo alone!

I would have thrown in her in jail simply for being 45 minutes late.  The whole thing is pathetic.

wonder if she was held in contempt for showing up  late to court?  the girl is a loser.  she is psyco

How many chickens must I sacrifice  to ensure a Lohan news blackout for a year?

This is a joke and so is she! Will they do something when she kills someone?It doesn't appear that celebs get the same treatment as just any Joe Schmo.  Double standard for sure. Haven't her nine lives run out yet?

she has a lot of money to pay them to get off easy.when the money runs out and she looks skaggier than she does she'll end up dead drugged out in a sleazy motel.that's her future

They can't keep the county jails in LA free from dope, what makes anyone think she's not going to be doing dope in rehab? What a joke.

Give her a break, she has lost her career, her parents enable her, and she suffers from severe depression. Let's see who's laughing when she dies from an overdose. Human beings are supposed to love people not hate. I wish her the best, and hope she survives from her disease which is trying to kill her.

Why does this wanna-be celebrity get off time after time. Shes a  total whack job, that needs to be placed behind bars for a very extended length of time. Not out the next day because its too crowded. God knows she has been given many breaks over the years and has obviously learned NOTHING. Loser!

Too bad for her; and I agree the court system isn't helping her to get straightened out.  She's had more than enough chances, and you know the Real People in life would already be serving a sentence for this.

Officer you need to lighten up at McDonalds !!

Hard head makes for a soft #$%$

#$%$# rehab send that usless BIOTCH dirrectly to jail and leave her there. She will be in for less than 2 minutes and they will release her because she has a fingernail appt....This is what is wrong with our COURT SYSTEMS.

What Money can do. how many times to re hab. it makes our system of justice realy sick.this fuckrd up #$%$ give us ppl who take recovery serious a bad name off her already ..the waste

and she trying to drinking her problem away

I think they're going to throw the book at her. She'll be on trial for 5 to 10 years.

Where some of the best drug networks are formed.

She's hot. I would eat her a@#hole and tell you what she had for lunch last week! !

AS a LA CALIF INNER CITY GUY , POLICE WOMEN MAKE GREAT LOVERS . i found that out in my early 20s now iam 65 and only date LAW ENFORCEMENT WOMEN WORLD WIDE ,

What a CROCK of - - - -! Judges absent on murder trials the accused goes free for mistrial Judge get Million Dollars for NO SHOW get slapped on wrist taken off the bench as judge and allowed to practice law, REALLY!CALIFORNIA IS A FREAK SHOW FOR FREAKS!

I'd like to take this little tart Jezabelle over my knee and proceed to whup the tar outta her bare bottom with a Hickory switch!

Lindsey is a wreck beyond repair.

This woman has been a huge waste of time, energy and the tax payers money.  She looks like she is in her forties, dirty hair, puffy face, dull eyes and her behavior is atrocious!  Even if she were not an addict, her behavior would be on the same level as a spoiled, temper tantrum throwing brat.  Maybe this extended stay in rehab will make a difference; but most doubt it.  She will go back to "hollywood" and her family and will soon return to her old problems and behaviors.Why anyone hires her is a mystery.  When she was a little child, she was precocious and cute.  In reality, she has very little talent as a true actress and causes too many problems. Sometimes, people must be allowed to fall on their faces and then pick THEMSELVES up.  Then they learn....but not from this coddling, hand holding she has had.she needs real jail time/ once released she should be in the care of a 24/7 baby sitter

True representation of what makes Cali..... So incredibly great (i mean, what a #$%^ing disgrace).   When is the next earth quack!!!  Help us all pls.

That's a human train wreck there, aided &amp; abetted by a #$%$ judicial system.  She'll never learn....ever.

What a joke !

Lock someone in rehab when they are not ready to give it all up will not work, at least not for most. She needs to be ready to give in to her issues and then work on healing herself. She is a huge mess, but at least this time she may get the help she needs.

Poor kid...she is not getting the help she needs...and seems to stumble every time she tries to walk. I really wish someone with some REAL expertise would reach out to her...she could use someone who really knows what they are doing. She seems like a nice person.

They need to put here in a cell with with a dozen or so of the hardest core male prisoners. After a month or so of having their way by punishing her to where her little rear end is so gaping wide I promise she won't commit another crime again. No leniency for women just like the men.

If you have money you don't PAY. Her butt belongs in jail. Mine and your's would be if we done what she has.

I'll give her until age 30 before she's in serious trouble or dead. Until she grows up and wants to get clean and sober, it won't work, she'll just continue to go out and drink and drug. Luckily no one has died yet.

The judge "suggested" that she not drive!  Why didn't he take her driver's license away for life?How many second chances does woman get?  Endless apparently----and the trouble is that one day she may do serious harm to someone else behind the wheel when she should be behind bars.

Does her PR firm set up court dates and pay judges just to keep her in the news?j

Why does she always get off with just a slap on the hand?  Ninety days is nothing.  Once again, when she gets out, she will be back to the same old stuff she's done for years.

She is not a "troubled actress" she is a spoiled brat that deserves jail time.

if this was YOU or ME....do you think we'd have this plea deal?  HECK NO!  It's time Hollywood has to pay the same fee/time as the normal public!  Just my opinion!

She won't even do 15 out of those 90 days. The California court system has no balls.

Straight to the comments to say, of the possible million plus things this country needs to be concerned about, this girl isn't one of them. Let her family and friends take care of her like the rest of us do with our own, without making the news. Please!

Judge James R. Dabney ,you are so corrupt .Shame on you ,that you are not man enough to sentence Loham to jail .This judge its corrupt.

She's sleeping with the Judges and Lawyers....Too obviouse

lindsay is laughing her head off.on the way to rehad she text her friends saying yea i have to rehab for 90 days,so lets all go out clubbing friday night.i will be out of here by thursday night.Please go away. For good.

This #$%$ will be playing the court system till the day she goes to the grave !!.

Again!  Put this gal in prison.

Why is she called "actress"?  She hasn't done a fukcing thing in her life worthy of the title.

nice #$%$

I feel that something is trouble Lindsay Lohan   and she holding it in because Lindsay Lohans cant trust anyone

What happened to the old chain gang......about time she found out life just isn't about her, and preform a little hard labor!.......too much time on her hands!!!

when the day comes, when she run over someone and kills them ,, I hope the judge will be held resposible!

Wow rehab, a person can only help them self if they only want to be helped.

Hey everyone, better make a print out of this case, and if you have any relatives, friends, loved ones, hated ones, enemies, pass this along, so when they do come infront of the judge they too can have a slap on the wrist instead of being slammed into jail. Use this case to set precedence for all future cases such as this, and to corner the judges in the future. Show those black gowned idiots behind the gavel that if you let one go, you better be ready to let everyone off this easy.  Make them understand that we are all humans, and law should be for all regardless of color, gender, religious afiliation, sexual preference, and wealth.got to close this comment, need to go throw up.I doubt she will even spend 30 days. She doesnt want rehab and her life will be in turmoil until she either dies or kills someone.

Hasn't she run out of places for lawyers and judges to kiss her #$%$ yet?

They need to lock her up and make her do the time she deserves. 60 days won't make her realizethey she could have killed someone maybe even a judges child then would he or she be so leantly, I don't think so. So is that what its going to take to lock her up and throw the key away.

What a waste of human life.

all who ask what is the matter with court system its about the money these lawyers can get.  when money is given to her by other people the system wants to make sure they get it all.

She arrives an hour late and nothing is done to her.  Were I am from you arrive an hour late you better have a good reason, or the judge will put you in Jail until the next term of court.. What a joke for a Court System.

dumb batchhhh will find her dead someday soon....they never learn!!!

Okay to have liberal judges make liberal decisions about moral issues like abortion, gay marriage, and guns .......... but you complain when they don't hold a person accountable for their own moral deficiency?    That's when you want a conservative to step in and slap on the cuffs, huh?  Can't have it both ways.

Because rehab always works the 17th time you're sentenced to it.  Judges know this.

i would have ordered a U A every 30 minutes for the rest of her lifeThis woman is what we used to call FUBAR.... sad thing is... nobody really cares....

My tax dollars here in calif keep paying for this girl...At least the Kardashian sisters pay for the pineapple juice to make their privates smell good....Thank LA judges

The county nneds to build a jail cell at her house since she's in and out of them so much

Train Wreck!

Can anyone explain why this loser keeps getting a free pass when any average american would be in jail????   Never mind...it's the money.

when she kills behind the wheel the judges should be held accountable

Two types of justice systems in America- One for Hollywood and the other for regular Joe's. This judge should have his a z z z kicked as he milks his 14 minutes of fame.

What the fuck is going on with those stupid judges????  why rich get so much preveliges?????? This is insane..... Stop it you stupid judge system and apply the law for everyone, not just for the poor

What the fuck is going on with those stupid judges????  why rich get so much preveliges?????? This is insane..... Stop it you stupid judge system and apply the law for everyone, not just for the poor

oh rehab, thatll work AGAIN