There is no reason for any memorial to cost 142 million dollars.  I can't imagine the Congress approving such an extravagant memorial to a dead president.  Eisenhower served the nation  well in the Army and later in the presidency but even he would think it was too much to memorialize him.

It does look a bit tacky.  Ike would not have liked it.

Eisenhower is never mentioned but I think he was one of the greats and is sorely needed today. His  conservative  realistic views even extend to heirs. God Bles them.

Great man and president.  However, this is not the time for this.  This country has far more pressing needs to be looked after.

Is there an upcoming deadline looming for all the open space around the Mall and surrounding areas to be filled in?  I hadn't been there for about 25 years and I felt like I was approaching a billboard display.  We need to rethink the memorials we put up there.  Or create a memorial park before the Mall starts looking too cluttered.

Yeah and I want a Memorial also , Screw these people and their children !

Ok -- we will build anything you want -- just sign the form -- to bring Ike back -- maybe a clone -- lord knows he would be a breath of fresh air in this climate of corruption and greed -- maybe -- after he sees what we have allowed to happen to his Republic -- he may want to stay where he is ----

Today's Republicans don't like Ike.  He fought against the 'military industrial complex.  He was a moderate.  He drove the largest and most successful stimulus package ever, the Interstate Highway System.  The GOP doesn't like to be reminded of that.  They like to think our post war prosperity "just happened."

We have his portrait.  Who needs more, especially 142 million borrowed dollars more?

if they want a new design let them foot the bill we the taxpayers have already spent $60 million and nothing has happened yet...THIS IS TOTALLY REDICULASSWe all liked Ike. Isn't his museum in Abilene enough of a monument....

Take the money away for Bush's and put towards Eisenhower.  He desrves it more.

Great people don't need memorials.

How about reminding the American people------------Ike headed the Invasion of Europe++++++++++A WAR WE WON!    The monument could remiember those who gave so much for their country!

Seems like we are back in the days of Egypt or Rome Days. Have to build these GREAT sites of our past Voted in leaders. Notice I said Voted in leaders... NOT Kings. He was a good leader. But also he was a AMERICAN first and foremost.  He like all the VOTED in leaders are just a small part of what makes this country GREAT.  Its ALL of US AMERICANS past and present that help make this country. The Greatest One In History not just our voted in leaders

( above pic ) was the artist trying to sketch trees or Broquolli

That is the dummist look thing I have ever seen.

LETS  wait a couple of adminastratios down the road &amp; then talk about it

Eisenhower may very well have been the greatest American of the last century.  He was a self-effacing man who viewed his many accomplishments in high office as simply having done his sworn duty.  No frills.  No enormous ego like so many big wigs today.  I think he would shy away from such extravagant memorials.  That's why so many of us back then liked Ike so well.

The whole interstate system is a memorial to him. I think of that contribution often and how wonderful we have it in the states.I am a Republican. I am a WWII Historian. I am from Kansas. I could not have greater respect for Eisenhower. However--WE DONT HAVE THE MONEY!!! We are busy blowing billions on Egypt and Ballet lessons for Ex cons in New Jersey and saving the yellow breasted Hootie Owl....WE DONT HAVE THE MONEY!!Adopt the Ryan budget and IF it works we put it back in the budget in ten years?

It is time to stop wasting money on memorials and libraries for ex-presidents.  Use the money for something we need,like paying off debt.

Yeah, well let the family pay for it then. We're broke!

Looks sort of tacky; I did not know that Ike was Porto Rican

I love the Eisenhower Museum in Abilene Ks. I hope they never change that. His grave is so peaceful.

I remember when President EIsenhower ran for president promising a chicken in every American pot. He won by a landslide. You know life seemed simpler and easier. They had taken children out of the work places and put them in school, the jitter bug was the dance of the times, some kid named Evis was making smash hits over the big band music, and we went on trips to Grand Canyons, Yosimite and saw ol Faithful geyser, saw boot hill in Kansas, and Republicans were trying to pass legislation to curb unions and cut pay for Americans. Commie China was our enemy and now Republicans ship millions of American jobs there

I LIKE Ike, but couldn't we do something for a fraction of the cost and call it a day? I'm sure Ike would agree with me.

$160.000,000 million? idiots

I want Obama to go away but don't think I'm getting that anytime soon.

Talk about blowing our tax doolar why dont the family spend their money if they want it bad enoughThe family wants something simple.  So put up a plaque and send the money elsewhere.

IKE Started VIETNAM WAR for Americans in 1957.........His Memorial should be Right Next to Vietnam Black Wall Memorial

The whole thing is absurd! 142 million bucks, that boggles the mind. Especially, when the economy is in the shape that it is!

Forget the monuments, these people are not deities and we should stop honoring them as such.  If we have so much money to burn let us pay off the debt!

Another memorial?Save the money because the 50's wasn't that great and neither was Eisenhower as a president.

He was a republican so spare no cost.

Dwight Eisenhower was the last intelligent Republican president. He was a great innovative leader. He is the father of the Interstate Highway System. It should be a simple memorial, as the family requests.The way to pay for it is to cancel the expense accounts and salaries  of Ted Cruz and Rand Paul. We shouldn't pay for idiots.

TAX MONEY, what the hell. Has EVERYONE in Washington lost their friggen minds.

And during the "Budget Cuts" the govt.is thinking about 142 mil. dollars for this?? How many memorials are there now for Ike? He was a great man, but so was every man that served in time of war. Spend this for a memorial for the men that dies in the Middle East these last 10 years. They deserve a memorial. At least one!

Please! Nothing by Frank Gehry!Ok, so now were burrowing money from china to build our menorial's ?

Any chance of a simple monument at the WWII memorial?  Don't try to make Ike into something he wasn't.

why is this being built?

F'em.  We shouldn't be paying for one dime.

all the  repukes suck just have a gd plan to build the OBAMA MEMEORIAL.....

When are they going to start building the memorial honoring Mitt Romney?