Replace the torch with a Big Gulp!

We can't afford to let Americans tour the White Housebut we can afford to fund Syrian rebels with millions of tax dollars in food, guns and money

Good, I hope they included a "NO VACANCY" sign on her also!

Oh, it will be open.There just won't be any ferry service to the island to see it.

This is good news not just for America but for tour companies in NYC--believe it, this is a big tourist spot--was there in Oct last year before Sandy and was very sad to see the damage--it'll be a Happy 4th!

And the White House?

I blame the sequester for the reopening.

It's been closed??? I supposed Obama alleges this due to the sequester too????

I bet she cries a lot.

"Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free". If Emma Lazarus were alive today she would have added-"but please wait until we can afford to care for our own tired, poor, and yearning masses". Surprised the sequester didn't shut down this treasured national park; then again, it's not July 4th yet.Apparently the symbolism of the Statute of Liberty has lost its meaning across the country...it stands for the idea of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness in case you forgot

Good news. She's going to be available for visits again.  She's a magnificent lady to visit.  Two of my favorite landmarks that depict what America is about, is The Statue of Liberty, and the other is Mount Rushmore. Both are magnificent (IMHO).

This administration opens this national park while closing tours of the national treasure known as the White House under sequestration! You know the place, where our government is supposed to work as "We the people" Priorities?

This kinda reminds me that Obama wants to close most all of the important Government Offices, except the Federal Loan Application Division,  they still trying to borrow money from any source to keep up with Obama's Spending.

Does Obama know this. because I am sure he will try to close it because of budget cuts.

Maybe Bloomberg should take a peak at it.

Once again, a big thanks to France for giving us one of our most iconic landmarks.

It was built without the government.The government doesn't do things better than private industry.

One of the other great things about America is if you don't like it,you are free to move.

YESSSS now can any body evict the "jackass" squatting at 1600 Penn?Not if Obama has any say.  He will probably cut that from the budget too.

You all are the problem with this country.  @Non Affiliated - you complain "D&amp;R the Nazi parties of America killed freedom in this country." @ManBearPig - You state "It's too bad this country no longer stands for what she does".  And @J - You and others to follow will blame the President.  We, the people, are what makes this nation the nation that we are.  Comments like the ones here and in other articles may not show your intellect; however, it does show that we do have freedoms.  We have freedom to post what we like without fear of jail.  We have freedom to worship whatever diety we wish or lifestyle we want to practice without persecution from our government.  We have lots of freedom and, I believe, we are very lucky to live here in the UNITED States of America.

She is so old fashion, about giving her a mini-skirt look?Comments?

Send it back to France, the country is over populated.

All national parks must be closed due to budget cuts.

"Move it to Florida those of Cuba can see it." Says Rubio

Haven't heard from Obama's press for a while, he is visiting/vacationing in the Middle East and Europe.  I understand he has thousands of Palestinians demonstrating for him, sure hope they don't have RPG's.

it won't open if oblamer has anything to say about it

ritualtastic

It's to bad this country no longer stands for what she does."Move it to the Mexican Border" Rand Paul.

Oh yes....we have to show the world how great of a nation that we live in that is on the brink of another catastrophe in both politics and deficits.

Security will be tight as tourists may try to smuggle big gulps &amp; smoke cigarettes while visiting the Island

It's going to look like Sarah Palin holding a sugary Big Gulp drink from 7/11 up real high and smoking a cigarette.

Then OBAMA will close it down to Sequestration and then go to Florida to play golf with Tiger Woods.

No need for Lady Liberty Any Longer... This is the usa just dump your garbage on our shores we will print more money and take care of your trash... you are entitled to all we can give... Unless Your An American... Then NO...

Sarah wants it in Alaska so she can climb on it to see Russia.

The Statue of Liberty is such a staple of our Constitution of the United States.

Move it to Chicago where NO One can see it.

They should name the statue of liberty the statue of lesbian, since the country is going that way and replace the torch with a vibrator!independence DAY? D&amp;R the Nazi parties of America killed freedom in this country.

Democrat have signed a petition to rename the Statue of Liberty to Statue of Welfare.

The anti-immigration Republicans want to sell this statue for scrap.  It is a constant reminder that new blood is this country's fuel.  "Foreigners" built America, and will continue to do so.

Will they still restrict the number of visitors to the crown to about 6 and hour?

Stop playing golf for 3 days with Tiger and stop Michelle from Aspen skip trips and Oscars parties and we can open the memorial and the White House.

After America received this great gift we didn't have the money to build it,so all the people from across the country donated money to help get it done. Thats what America is all about,there is no other place like it.

#1 the statue of lib is a statue of a goddesswich i aint think #$%$ of.#2the statue was a gift to spain.they told france to stick it.so france gives it to us and we accept the regift. personaly i could give 2 chets if it fell into the water an wasnt recoverable

barry will not let that happen.  he will do everything in his power to insure the American public will feel the pain of the sequester.

Remember the good old days when the immigrants showing up on shores were white, smart, hard working, and good for the community. Well now all we get are life-long Obama voters with brown skin, no work ethic, and no sense of duty or family..... Democrats.

Obama must have found a couple of loose coins in his shallow pockets.What's the difference between George Bush and Barack Obama?  Answer: Skin color and nothing more.

After Sandy, they stuck an unbrella in its hand, a life preserver around waist, a photo album in other hand rescued from flooded home and made the Nose more NY correct with a jewish Hook and Blackrican Flared Naustrals. The Crown is worn backwards...to be COOL, and Robe is really a bed comforter, only thing to grab while sleeping naked when the whole house fell apart.And Some Other jewish Home Owner wouldn't open his Door to THIS Mother?

Wake up White people. Look what the savages are doing to your country. See: Detroit, Chicago, New Orleans.

Remember US tanks tearing down Saddam's statue?Maybe Families of the 180,000 people BUSH Killed in Iraq can come to America and Tear Down OUR Statue to show us how they liked OUR Freedom Shoved Down Their PIE Hole at the Blade of the Sword, Just like what Christians, Catholics and jews have ALWAYS Done.Sounds FAIR. After all, a Statue of Liberty is WORTHLESS when the Constitution is Shredded by BUSH and BO. and What did Jared Loughner write to Gabby before he blew her Brains Out? "What ARE Words For if they have NO Meaning". Mrs. REPRENSENTATIVE. Gee, Not like "Somebody" isn't delivering that CHANGE they promised. Bush Term Number 4. make that 5.

Remember the good old days when the immigrants showing up on shores were white, smart, hard working, and good for the community. Well now all we get are life-long Obama voters with brown skin, no work ethic, and no sense of duty or family..... Democrats.

We should build a new statue out of the corpses of dead Democrats.

I'm surprised the Democrats haven't tried to paint her black and make her look like their God and destroyer of the economy Barack Obama.

if Bush or Obama had a Statue, it sure wouldn't be of Liberty.

Couldn't sleep one night, started thinking about numbers, like 666, realized that 666 weeks after 911 falls on july 4th weekend 2014. Maybe thats when the New World ODOR will do another False Flag Attack on statue of liberty as it just reminds you Slaves of Freeedom which you are Not. They are rounding up the guns thanks to the jewish lawmakers pushing Ban, taking your rights, so last thing they want is a Visble Reminder of Freedom.Bush and his Devils regime are in full control of Puppet Obama as 85% Obama policy is BUSH's Policy. So take a Gander at the lady, and look up her dress while you still can.

2nd Civil War is needed. Together we can wipe out the plague that are Democrats.Haha... "Lady Liberty". The "Beautiful HARLOT" who deceives the world shall FALL ON HER FACE, as The Seat of The Beast and False Prophet goes UP IN SMOKE...

I can't wait until America is the same size as China! It's gonna be awesome. 8 billion Mexicans and Blacks on all welfare.

Wake up white people. The savages are trying breed you off the planet. Rise up and kill all Democrats.

Tear down the Statue of Liberty and installed a 60 foot tall 8,000 gallon Big Gulp.

Democrats dislike the Statue of Liberty. If they had their choice, they would put an ugly statue of Obama and Moochele.

America has become just another third world country thanks to Democrats and their brown immigrants.

WGAFF

I would have re-gifted that statue if France gave it to me. It's stupid.

We should infect the government cheese logs with HIV. Then all Democrats will get AIDs and die and America will be full of hard working white people again.

We can't afford it any longer. Chop down the statue of oppression and sell it on Ebay. Besides all the immigrants that come now are brown instead of white so they suck.Don’t bother reopening, just close it down and sell it for scraps.  Instead put up a sign the says “No More Room”

watch?v=o8X8Q8MmCXU

just tear it down and throw up a chain link fence, because thats exactly what Most of the "Immigrants" see first when coming to america.Kind of Fits too, Like one Giant Prison Image.

If you think America is the land of the free I suggest you read the NDAA that Obama just signed into law. He can drone strike your house with out due process.

France, please send money. Keep you ugly statue that Spain turned down first.

I called to get an estimate on a picture window. Exactly, is has nothing to do with nothing but,they called me back quoting facebook as if they knew me! How ignorant! I said, your wrong! You need to get a job or ten jobs. What ever occupies your time to keep you off there and that #$%$.  In my opinion, gossip is taking over the world and I will not have any part of it!

I'd get the statue of liberty drunk then touch her coochie and post the pics on my facebook.

If France sent us a statue, maybe Norway can send more Hot White Blue Eyed Blonde Girls as with all this Monkey Craze over here, we are running short now.

and it will be the Statue of Liberace', a Gay Piano Player holding up a vibrating man cave device. Wearing his Robe Proudly and holding up a CD of the band the Cure and GaGa.or the Conservative Remodel Job where robe is all Camo'd out in mossy oak, an AR15 on shoulder strap, a glock 45 in top hand and the Bible in the other. and wearing a baseball cap backwards to hide the buzzed or bald head.Or the Indie Design, Holding a BONG up High, wearing a parka, Tevas, holding a copy of mad magazine and hustlers, and a giant Bud in long hippe hair.