$9 won't buy you a slice of pie and a glass of water in NY - good luck, taxes will be ramped up to cover it.  Already one of the highest cost of living states just gets worse.

$700 million in tax cuts is a tiny sum and symbolic only. New York state always finds a way to raise our fees while cutting our taxes. For once I'd like to see what they mean by "helping small business". Does that mean they'll stop funding our huge competitors through IDA's, or will they continue to smile and cut the ribbons at another Wal Mart grand opening while claiming they "created jobs." The idiot voters in this state are too dumb to connect the dots, and they believe the rhetoric. They create nothing. They steal jobs from some businesses to the ones they deem worthy.

Raising the minimum wage = higher unemployment...  microeconomics 101  What is this tool thinking?

Who will be paying for that?   I am not an economist but this is no time to be raising the minimum wage. We are heading into system overload. Wake up people.

The intent of EVERY business is to stay in business and make a profit. Keep in mind, business are NOT charities. Increasing minimum wage will force business owners down several unwanted paths:First, they’ll pass those costs onto the consumer in the form of price increases… this will certainly drive some customers away, hurting their bottom line.Second, business owners will reduce hours of their employees to make up for costs. Less hours means less money for employees… less money equals less spending and so on…Third, business owners will layoff or not hire as many people…. Again, less money equal less spendingLastly, business will outsource overseas in order to make a product people can afford. The auto manufacturing industry can attest to this brutal reality…This is the ugly truth regarding business and jobs. The drive should not be to increase minimum wage, but to encourage employees to use these LOW level jobs as a stepping stone to seek higher positions with better pay.

In a city where it cost thousands to rent a studio apartment.

That will help Bloomberg attack the fat people, no more dollar menu....

If you look at China, you can see that the minimum wage is pointless. I know some of you will think this is a sick joke, but let me explain. The labor costs in China have risen fairly significantly not because of their laughably low minimum wages, but because they have labor shortages driven by their low wages. So you see the free market working for the benefit of labor. I would love a Democrat to explain this to me.If you look at so many places that pay slave wages, you see the same phenomena.It basically disproves so much of what liberals believe and these are facts.

Kick out the 30 Million illegals and wages will go up and taxes down.

Well, we know who pays for minimum wage hikes - the consumer.Up go the prices at every establishment that pays minimum, and they may lose jobs because the Dems have killed the economy and the shopkeepers are barely hanging on..Oh well, minimum was never, ever intended to support a family, it was entry level work for entry level pay.It's so bad out there and the libs have trickle up poverty going so well, minimum wage looks good these days.Let's make the minimum wage $ 50.00 an hour ! That way, everyone will be happy ! Remember to pull that Democratic lever, vote early and vote often !

Cause this'll cause unemployment to go down...

Well, let's see. $9 ought to buy you one Big Gulp in NYC as expensive as that place is.

If they would stop devaluing the dollar, people wouldn't have this problem. Any gains will be lost in inflation.

Raising the min wage will just force businesses to increase the cost to the consumer and then you'll have to raise it again.  A neverending cycle.

Look lets be reasonable- a fair and living minimum wage should be $75 an hour. That  would generate lots of new people making lots of money paying lots of taxes and no one would be poor.  If $9 an hour is good $75 an hour is better. That way everyone could pay their fair share in taxes. It is the commonsense approach we can all agree on.

How is raising the minimum wage helping small businesses? Payroll is the biggest expense small businesses have. This just makes the payroll expense bigger. To pay those higher wages, those business have to raise prices on services and goods. If businesses can not raise prices on goods or services, they must cut staff. This is called Common Sense.Gotta love back door deal New York politicians. They live in a fantasy land called, OZ.

$9.00 anhour minimum wage. Why not $15.00 or $20.00? If you want to buy votes you got to get the LIVs attention.

Just great. I won't be hiring any part time help.

This should be really good!...I can`t wait to see the bloggers tear this apart!Walmart will Lobby THAT plan into the garbage can!

The only down side I see in this is that many business owners will pass the cost of the increase on to us customers as higher prices. I'm ok with that.

Have these officials ever taken an economic class?

that means that those people will still only see about $850-$900 a month,maybe...now all you people who think they should work for less...where in NY are you going to live for a third of 800 dollars,or 1000 dollars...but all over the city there are 100's of thousands of minimum wage earners and more...you can't even afford to get to work with that...so if you don't have a better plan???  how are you going to get you big mac or served your hundred $ lunch if you don't have servers,dishwashers,people to make your reservations,sell your theater tickets,sweep your  streets etc  etc......we want all this taken care of but we don't want the people doing the things we won't do to be able to drive down the streets they clean,eat the food they serve,go to the games and theater that they sell ticket to..we are so helplessly hypocritical and selfish it is hard to find a word..but yet this site will have many,many people posting how raising the wages will hurt us all...but won't be able to articulate how...and "kicking out"as first last says is a non-statement it says and means nothing yet lots of thumps up..it is like saying let them eat cake..it fixes nothing and it is not even realistic...just one liners that have no solutions....send the illegals back and there will be nobody to do the things most of us take for granted...and it is a waste of time to keep on about illegals..they have been and will always be here with us doing what we don't want to...that is the adult,realistic way to see that problem..if it was fixable it would have been long ago been fixed.  in another 2oo yrs they and their will still be here ...ever after...

By all means, raise the minimum wage...but perhaps an employer may also expect that someone earning a higher wage could count without taking off their shoes. Or perhaps an employer may expect a new worker to actually work, pull up their baggy pants, come to work without multicolor hair, and without tattoos all over, and without rings in their ears or nose.

Of course they are going to raise the minimum wage so those people will not be covered under Medicaid expansion.

that will cut the use of food stamps by minumum wage earners. its about time!greedy corporate owners are relying on the government to sustain their workers instead of paying a fair wage

NY assembly men/women, don't go patting yourselves on the back yet.. $9/hr wage is still starvation wage..

good, more people leaving New York to find opportunity elsewhere

It's embarrsing in this country that we have a minimum wage so low at $7.25 per hour.  Over the past 40 years the rich have gotten filthy rich; Six heirs of the Wal-mart family own as much as 50% of the rest of the country.  Trickle down economics does not work.  What's ironic is you have duffers making 40K a year that think they are big business men and vote Republican; a party for the super rich.  Only in America.  The rich pillage and rape the environment, the poor, the law, the politicians and anything else that gets in their way.We should be ashamed as a nation that people go without food and these rich pricks don't pay their workers an honest wage or provide medical benefits.As a small business owner with 4 employees, 9.00 /hr is a joke. I own a propane company. I pay high rates for worker compensation and every other employee expense due to the inherent risk of danger associated with our operation. I pay highschool kids 10 bucks an hr to do garbage work. If they're going to fight with romneyesque republicans over raising the minimum wage, why not make it atleast 12.00/hr? It's amazing that this is even a debate. Paying your employees doesn't break the bank and if it does, your company is already passed doom 9 out of 10 times.

Great, so in New York money that's...$3.25/hr!  Time to invest heavy in 401K!

Dumbocrat's haven't a clue on what it takes to maintain an economy, let along grow it, so the snooty little imbeciles pass a law giving their like mindless indentured servents a $1.75 before taxes, or $36.80 now that ObamaCare has forced most employers to reduce your weekly hrs to twenty six.You've only got yourself to blame........you have to really hate America to vote (twice) for a muslim born, racist black, community agitating, liar like Barack Hussein Obama.......enjoy

This is good for workers. But not good for SMALL business owners (Key word = SMALL)

Yaaaay! I can finally afford to be homeless.

9$ oh boy its cost you that for a glass of water in NY

What are we going to do with the self-employed and entreprenuers who dont make $9/hr.....should they be arrested?I suppose if you support a Minimum wage for workers than there should be a minimum profit for Business owners right?  I suppose government should force workers to buy from struggling businesses....you know to be "Fair:

With the combination of a higher minimum wage and Obamacare, businesses will cut their cost by cutting jobs. No matter what happens, we're going to lose either way.

Translation:  If your currently making less than $9...kiss your job goodbye...

wow, a whole $9... try paying your bills on that every week and health insurance... nothing left for food or rent.Raising min wage is a good thing if the prices for goods stay down....but we all know thats not going to happen...HELLO $5.00 for a bottle of water :)

Why the nickle and dime? Make it $50! Ask the (s)cumbag libs why they don't go all out. Lib (s)cum press won't ask them.

Higher min Wage = Higher Prices = Back where we started + Middle class is worth less.