This is why as a whole - the world should stop these types of leaders.

If the North Koreans are indeed in the business of selling nuclear materials to rogue interest groups/ terrorists, what are we waiting for? a catastrophe! THEY HAVE ALREADY DECLARED WAR ON US.

Yup.  Need to blow it up now.  Missile from nowhere disguised at asteroid and denial will do the trick.

So what would the President do if a nuke went off in our country?

If you want to stop a rogue country from obtaining nukes you must stop them in the early stages of development.  Israel destroyed a nuke facility in Iraq before nuclear material could be manufactured.  All we’ve done is impose sanctions on NK and Iran and the sanctions have done nothing.It’s too late to stop NK and it will soon be too late to stop Iran.  I don’t believe Iran would use nukes except as a last resort.  However, that boy general in NK is crazy enough to use them as a first strike unless his military could stop him.

Where is Ambassador Rodman?

A total embargo of NK is the only logical answer other than striking NK first with nukes that would turn the country into glass for the next ten thousand years.

The longer the USA waits the more sympathy NK and these stupid nations get.  Do quickly and completely and the world moves on.

I do not know why we ever allowed North Korea to get nukes, I don't know why Iran continues to build one. We are daily making the world a unsafe place to be. The extremist Muslims will use it if they get it, Kim Un is bragging that he can hit the U.S. and Washington D.C.

I live within range of North Korean missiles. I would like my government to do something about that rather than wasting time trying to ban my guns or take more money from my paycheck for some new idiotic program.Send Dennis rodman back as a suicide bomber

let's just finish these rogue nations and be done with it already!!!!!!!!!!

For sale: "One slightly Used Nuke in good condition (only detonated once) for more info. contact the short fat insane guy running N.Korea.

Probably be high quality. Look for the Acme label and the Coyote to be the spokesman.

This goes back to Truman, he is the one that fired McAuther, typical political #$%$!

If I owned my own country I would want nukes also. Why can certain countries have them and others cant. I mean I know why, but if you ran a country it would make sense to arm yourselves with that capability considering other countries have the ability to use them.

It is countries like this who will eventualy sell or use Nuclear weapo0ns on a civilian target andf the world will be forever changed. As well as finding ourselves in another long bitter all out war.

In other news, President Obama says "a decade of war is coming to an end."Story at 11.

Someone will set off a nuke in america someday---we will retaliate by making the entire planet poisoned for thousands of years to come---bye bye mankind

I say no to nukes!And still we do Nothing. America is Asleep Again.

The United States should send North Korea a message -"If you attempt a nuclear attack on our allies or sell nuclear weapons to terrorists, we will not hesitate to nuke your country from the face of the planet."

Oh, just give'em a nuke or two or three and put an end to the regime and the peoples suffering! We have jus t got to stop playing politically correct games with countries that want to rule the world!

Why aren't his actions considered a declaration of war?  Take this mother rfucke off the map!

Didn't we give this knucklehead the technology and material to make this stuff under some kind of brainiac concession way back when???

"The terrorist threat of an improvised nuclear device delivered anonymously and unconventionally by a boat or a truck across our long and unprotected borders is one against which we have no certain deterrent or defensive response,"So knowing this why did the Defense Secretary bolster our west coast missile defense system? To make us feel safe? It would seem that closing the porous southern border would be more logical.

So we have a nation that wants to sell Nuke out in the open and Bush didn't Invade NK when we had the upper hand? Am I going senile? Does anyone think Bush ignored the threat?

An there isn't nuclear material still floating around from the former soviet union?

If anyone thinks they can sneak anything in on a plane, they should be aware that the TSA is getting new uniforms.

Even tho a 2007 law requires 100% inspection of cargo containers entering the US, the actual number is only 2-5% out of over 17 million per year.  With such low inspection they dont need to reduce the size of a warhead to fit on a missile.Cant Bloomberg just ban the sale of nukes?  Or at least make them keep the nukes hidden out of site?Or does that only work with US citizens that are completely controlled by government and not other nations?

North Korea obtained nukes due to the backing of China and while no leader of any Country went up against that all leaders can bind together and stop it simply by starving them out and forcing China to carry the load.Sooner or later the people of North Korea will evolve enough to make a difficult choice. Keep the norm or revolt for a change.

I said some time ago. This was basically a commercial to sell their technology great advertisement

If the northern koreans want a nuclear bomb then I suggest we give them their wish and send several nukes to them via airmail !

President Obama may need to get out his teleprompter to issue another warning to NK.

thought they only had three or four? not much of a sale there.

How did North Korea get to this point where its a danger to us all?  One word says it all:   China

If north korea realllllllllllly wanted to throw the krap in the fan, they would put the plans for a nuclear bomb in the internet for the whole world to see... that would realllllllllllly create a problem for the west .....

Because Iran and N. Korea have been so smart, and I say this with no fecitiousness, we've passed the line drawn in the sand.  This has occurred for lack of leadership in all countries involved.  They claim they will take actions but both countries now know that is in the form of sanctions.  And if you think the Taliban or Al quaeda cannot get the money to buy a bomb then look again.  Could be an excellent way for them to raise extreme amounts of money.  And what will Obama and the likes say when a dirty bomb is used - "oops."

PHOTO CAPTION: "Kim Jong-Un Gets His Yearly Prostate Exam".Can we surreptitiously plant high-grade explosives inside Dennis Rodman's body and send him back over there, since he and Jong-Un are BFFs, then remote detonate Rodman while he is embracing Kim and showing his man love for him?

Wow those sanctions are doing a really good job .

The Soviet Union was nuts.  Communist China was crazier during the Cold War than now.  North Korea functions like an insane terrorist camp.  China, if it wants to continue trading with developed industrialized nations, has to come to terms with its crazy proxy.

Even a country as closed up as N.Korea could not hide the sale of nuclear mat. they know they would pay heavily. And big brother China would be unable to stop the wrath. Of late I often wonder if China actually has the kind of control of Pyongyang that most of the free world thinks it does.

At this point all one can do is to promulgate an automatic trigger pull law requiring an atomic strike wipeout of any government which provides any nuclear based device which is ultimatly used on or in this country.  That will send an unambiguous message to all that controll is out of the hands of any current or future  wishey-washey president that our idiot electorate may choose to put into office

North Korea and Iran working together.  Joe Biden says "not to worry". "Buy a Shotgun".

One of these crude bombs on a container ship could destroy a major U.S. port and cause nation wide shortages of food and fuel wrecking our economy.This little man wants to spread the suffering he has imposed on his own people. A reaction would be too late.

AND they're still in existence, why? I remember a time when the US was a country no one would dare to F with.....Now the smallest, piddliest countries thumb their noses at us without fear.....GOOD JOB WASHINGTON, MISSION ACCOMPLISHED, O'BAMA YOU POS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I've been to war and don't want to see another one, but when a small fly is buzzing around my head I try to swat it.

I think the U.S. government knows the bed they've made.  They know it is just a matter of time until a nuke does go off in the U.S..  There never was a positive end-game to a nuclear arms race.  Just foolish politicians and big corporations making billions of dollars off our government for the last 60+ years thanks to the continued threat of war.  There is only ONE way to deal with North Korea, Iran, and others.  Get a coalition of nuclear enabled countries to sign treaties to remove ALL nuclear devices from ALL countries.  Any that don't sign, get invaded.  Call an end to all pre-emptive war, nation building, or any military action that is not in self-defense of an eminant attack.and 0bama wants to take our guns!!!   Think there are BIGGER things going on than to strip us of our rights???  humm!!

Am I the only one wondering that the US government is willing to sacrifice a major city just to see what NK is capable of.  And, then, later the devastation will serve as justification to simultaneously nuke North Korea, Iran, Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan and so on?  Why do I feel like the little white goat tied to a stake in Jurassic Park?

Obama won't do a damn thing until its too late.

It shoud be made....ABUNDENTLY CLEAR...to North Korea, that is she is caught selling fisionable nuclear material to ANYONE....she will pay a terrible price!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!An this should never be an IDLE THREAT!

obama is not going to do anything about north korea or iran, he is afraid to upset Russia or China.

I think Obama should buy some :)

Duh...ya think?

bomb them.

I'm glad I don't live on the east or west coast, you folks are gonna get hit eventually, and you're too liberal and stupid to prevent it...

Obama and his cronies need to get off of the "all options are on the table" BS.  The North Koreans have got it right.  NK saying that "if you do this then we will do that" is what is causing fear and pause with American citizens.  Our President should simply state that the very next NK rocket "test" will result in Pyongyang immediately becoming a mushroom omelet!  Those commies are going to sell Al Qeda and or the Taliban a suitcase nuke and they will lay it at the doorstep of one of America's mighty cities!  The more the United States defers to the voice of the United Nations ... the weaker we appear to the NKs.Anyone else think the guard in the photo is looking at his shadow (other guard on the S. Korea side), watching him eat, and thinking, "Man I wish I could have some food!"????

Why does he think that we want to invade his broke down starving country

And the Salesman will be in Israel this week looking to make a commission with a sale to Hezbollah or Hamas.

If I ran the area on S. Koreas side of the DMZ, every day I would have huge BBQs with all the works. Let those starving N. Koreans see everyone stuffing their faces. I would find the fattest soldiers and have them hang out on the DMZ, always with food and drinks in the hands. At least once an hour they will be required to turn to the north, look towards a Northern soldiers and smile and wave with BBQ sauce all over their hands and mouth. I'll have all the soldiers in the North sneaking out of the country by the thousands.

if its like any other war that the USA has against some other country we dont do it right.. with a civilian army were you can drive down the street and hand out weapons to fight your enemy. the United States only can attack military targets so if you were handed a weapon to fight and you are killed in fighting and someone picks up your weapon now your back to being a civilian right. this is how we kill so many civilians in wars

"There's a growing technical capability and confidence to sell weapons and technology abroad, without fear of reprisal,,,".Which is what caused this problem in the first place - no balls on the part of western "leaders".

NO FOOD to north korea.......................................................................................

The US is a country of all bark and no bite right now. We have forgot what it is to fight and win against an aggressor. In war you cannot worry about collateral damage. It is ashame to say but if you want to rid the world of these types of leaders you have to ride the world of them and their followers else the rise again and worse the second go round as they have learned from their experience.

Where do you think NR gets its nuclear technology? Obviously they bought it from somewhere. Same goes to Iran, Pakistan and so on.

It is strange that political leaders who are conducting 'social engineering' on the citizens are so incapable of getting along with one another.I see you

Well it has been a while since we got the technology to build a bomb and now every body around the glob is getting it . Some of these nuts are going to build a bomb and use it . So now is time to bring  out star wars  into real life . It is all about power and new technology that can kill better then the other person. God help us to learn how not to kill each other off and to love each other and respect our enemy .

How about we run a nuclear test over Pyongyang

Nuclear sales can earn the impoverish country money...I thought these guys were the ones printing the super dollars why would they need to sell anything?  Ijust dont know what articles to believe anymore.

and fill me in, why are we not putting one up his "Highly enriched" #$%$?

Taking out North Korea sadly would involve killing lots of innocent (naive) civilians including kids. We have 2 other options: Take them out swiftly militarily first, or send in "removal agents" to terminate Kim and General Staff. Neither are pretty, but let's not get caught with our pants down again like on 9/11.....

Obviously NK needs money and other things they cannot get. Iran, terriorists and other small stray cat nations want nukes. Its impossible to stop NK from selling nukes.

our federal government couldn't handel the flood down south when it hit, we can expect they same after a nuke hit, every man for himself

I wonder what "sanctions"  the US and the UN will levy agains NK if one morning we wake up and Charlie Rose tells us that San Francisco is gone?

everyone has been super snarky and mentioning that n korea couldn't fire a missle over here.... well did it ever pop into your head they wont be the ones to fire one off? great call guys... way to let the bad guys get their nukes.Is it me or are the N Koreans wearing the same uniforms from the fifties war..By the way nice picture from our Drone..

"U.S. officials have hinted that retaliation would follow should Washington discover North Korean cooperation behind any atomic attack on an American city or U.S. ally." - thank you anonymous US Officials for your retaliatory strike - thanks given prematurely since those dead from the attack won't be around to say thank you... What they should be saying is that they are tightening security to make such an attack very unlikely, not that they will avenge those killed."The shipment of an aluminum alloy was seized from a Singaporean-flagged ship transiting Tokyo last August. The ship was reportedly bound for Myanmar "  Ah yes, Myanmar, home of the Democracy and Obama's newest bestest friend ... This is no surprise but it does raise concerns...

I remember when Gaddafi was as boastful as the NK ONLY FAT GUY. Clinton put a missile through the window of his home and the man changed forever!

China cannot even allow North Korea to develop nuclear weapons for sale.  This is why military action is needed now.  Iran and North Korea are hoping to sell nuclear weapons to be used against the US, that clears their name but get their enemy out of the way.

We are too deep in debt to do anything about NK. We'd rather focus on social issues like gay marriage, illegals getting a free ride, soda pop sizes, guns, and golf.

Remember Bush pushing Iraq down our throats about their nuclear weapons and all along North Korea was building a bomb. Oh well at least we made the area safe for Iran.

This sounds like "Axis of Evil" talk.  And we can't have that because that would mean Bush was right and liberals were stupid to laugh at him.

Just wait until corporations have nuclear weapons.

Que vergaos!

Lots of boogie men to look out for. Need to get rid of them before they get rid of us. Quit being a day late and a dollar short.as long as the chinese make money off illegal north korean sales it will be impossible to stop

60 years ago the u.s. made a HUGE mistake

Well we are still sitting on our hands as usual when dealing with these turds. I guess our senseless govt. will wait until we are bombed before we do anything to stop this #$%$ that has been going on for 60 years. Think of all the money we could save if we put an end to this problem and pull our troops out. Jeez, we might even have enough money to open the monkeys house for more tours again.

ready and waiting .

If they used all their energy to help their own people they wouldn't have so many issues. They really are a problem.

I would hope that our n@tless libtard administration would put North Korea, Pakistan, etc., on notice that should a mushroom cloud appear over our cities (as the result of them selling some proxy or group a nuke), we will not hesitate to annihilate that nation.  No nation building, no "building democracy," no "hearts and minds," no "understanding their anger;" no, we will simply annihilate that nation and leave whomever is still scampering about to clean up the mess.

Why do I feel like this is propaganda to justify a future false flag, nuclear bomb event?It is a scenario that has been fed to us for years through the media and hollywood.. Now there is a back story from which we can create "blame".Everything has been put in place to deal with the mass panic following such an event with Homeland security, FEMA, the patriot act, etc...And to think, it wont care if your a Republican, Democrat, white or Black.Gay, straight, preacher or athiest.

iran, north korea, north korea iran, tic toc tic toc tic toc

You know, missiles aren't the only delivery device for a nuclear warhead.

With these kinds reports coming out almost everyday about North Korea, I can see the winds of war whipping up.  It may take a few months or a few years, but North Korea is the next target to depose a dictator.  It was good to get rid of Sadam Hussein and Osama Bin Laden.  It will be good to get rid of Kim Jong Un and free North Korea.  The US does have the absolute right to protect itself, and not lib out on doing so.  With the current President the US has there will be no war in North Korea.  In 2016 there will be a new president who will be conservative, because liberalism is wimping the US down, and by then Americans will see America needs a real strong leader, not a lib in the White House.Only one man can fix this.  His name is Bond.  James Bond.

And the marxist democrats refuse to really seal the border.  They're like....come on..just try it.  That's at the expense of innocent American lives.  Need not go into all the illegal aliens that are here and are still coming all because they won't enforce current laws.  Why bother, just make new laws that says here's your "do not go to jail" free card.  All for friggin votes. They need to be sent to the gallows for failing to uphold the Constitution.

The Pillsbury Dough Boy has nothing to fear as long as Emperor Oreo is in office...

Peek-a-Boo!

I wonder if we have cornered the market on 'strongly worded statements'? We seem to make those faster and faster these days.

SUNDAY SUNDAY SUNDAY!  massive Nuclear Blowout in North Korea only!nuclear power plant and no fuel?planning genocide but no bomb?want to turn that wimpy short ranged missile into a Medium ranged Missile Monstrosity?WELL&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; come to North Korea for all your nuclear needs!!!

Can i buy a nuke to.. if they start selling them well they may reach the USA. With a different delivery system human

Man if launching a few is a 'sale', america must be having a going out of business liquidation sale

Everything I've ever purchased is 'atomic' material.

Soft leadership will allow nuclear weapons to filter down to the idiots who will actually use them; then, one day, America will experience the effects of a nuclear weapon on its soil.  Soft leadership today is laying the ground work for world war 3.Soft leadership will allow nuclear weapons to filter down to the idiots who will actually use them; then, one day, America will experience the effects of a nuclear weapon on its soil.  Soft leadership today is laying the ground work for world war 3.

Billy Boy Clinton and Donny Brooke Rumsfeld were the prime movers in NK's getting nuke reactors.  Send them a thank you card for making this an 'interesting' time to live

In the United States we have an ongoing debate about gun control.......What few of us have any doubt about is the fact that guns should not be in the hands of the bad guys........Assuming that North Korea are the bad guy.s , than why are they being allowed to have nuclear bombs?

Advertisment ? Just HITH do we know. NK might just be testing for Iran for all we know

I agree they need nukes, lots of them with rockets

Nukes must not fall in the hands of unstable and extremist countries like N Kora, Iran, Syria and Libya where they have already fallen in such hands like in Pakistan, something serious needs to be done now before it is too late.  US being a world leader, bears the main responsibility as well as a right to bring the civilized world on board on this issue.

pretty cheap set of binoculars.

This is another reason the N.Koreans need to be stopped at once. They will gladly provide weapons to anyone who can convince them they intend to use it on the US.

Its time to send a message to North Korea, via missle right up that lil fat mans behind....

Great.  A nuke near you brought to you by North Korea.  If they didn;t go this route. they would have already solve most of their problems.  THink what all that money would do to help their own people.  Instead They tell their own peps its the US fault.  Billions spent and wasted that would fix and feed their infrastructure.  Some pepsWhy don't  buy out all the nuclear material of North Korea? The Six Nations negotiations should include suggestion to buy all the nuclear material of North Korea by the other five countries and EU and supply of food equivalent to the cost of purchase of the nuclear material.to starving North Korea. The negotiations should also include proposals for deactivation of nuclear materials at the expense of the above countries with supply of food in return.

well if they sell it to someone.  You wipe them off the map and the country that the terrorists came from.  Go BIG OR GO HOME!!!

so where they get this stuff if they are so poor?  Not like they have huge productive mines.  Oh and now we have a reason to go in.  Not oil but the huge facilities that make bombs are now producing millions of tons of weapons a second.  They got all the material and know how from Iraq.  Sudam sold it to him before the invasion.  Yep thats where it went.

Did they Not Learn anything from the Korean War?

Just  spray these pesky bugs with new technology.....from outer space.

I really don't think Washington is taking this stuff serious, they said they don't think they can hit us, well don't sit around with your finger's up your butt, we should of been preparing an kept prepared, they should never let our country be  open for porker's like Kim.Get off your dead butt's an quit fighting amongst yourselves an do some thing to protect our  country.! !

We need to get Bo Deitl , the sandwich master!!!!

The people we should blame are the dumb nutts who made nuclear bombs in the first place. Guys, think long term next time you decide to make something like this.

Don't you sleep better at night, knowing Barrack has our backs.

They already called Barack a big feline type. Go ahead Barack or Barry what ever your name is tell him you are sorry and America is arrogant. Remember that world tour? You Noble peace prize winner with drones.And  yet the people in this country are going hungry and continue to live in poverty as well.

When Americans FIRE OBAMA, the rules of engagement will change for the better.   Meanwhile, he is hiding under his desk in hopes that all things wrong under his watch shall disappear while he warms up with the Hollywood A-Listers.     SIGH....   this is what happens when 52% of Americans are too damn dumb to see through this TRANSPARENT man.    I do not blame Obama for trying,  I blame the 52% who gave him 4 additional years.

It's just a matter of time until something happens. If NK doesnt load one onto a freighter and send it here they will probably sell it to a country that hates us and deny involvement. Either way it's gonna be a bad day for us, kinda like being run over by a truck. It really doesn't matter whose fault it is because you're still run over.

Nuke Rod Man and The Little Boy!

President Barack Obama was prudent to order deployment of missile defense systems to the west coast but should go after the North Korean regime and take them out with mini nuclear bomb strike and same goes for Iranian leadership. WE simply cannot wait for their viciou attack on US soil or our allies.  Syria, North Korea &amp; Iran must be destroyed in 2013

Well let's see. Iran just dropped a new destroyer in the sea and N. Korea is ready to sell nukes. Calamity is gearing up. Netanyahu should cancel his pointless meeting with Obama and start manning his stations today.

This little fat tweek of NK.,is getting out of hand. Let's teach him what is to mess with the big guys.

Buy North Korean nukes at your own risk. They are supplied with a warranty that states they are guaranteed until you drive off the nuke lot. When you hit the street all warrantee is null and void. They work 20% of the time?

Naw we will kiss their #$%$ just as we have for the past 60 years...

Perhaps Osama bin Obama could spend millions of dollar and go to North Korea and talk to them and tell them not to be mean.  Then he and Kim and perhaps Tiger can go golfing while Michelle and the kids go shopping in China.If we are going to be the world police then we should act on any aggression fully and finaly and in this case finish the job we was in in 1950 COMPLETELY.

Pyongyang, this is the nut that is driving this bus. Fat boy lacts the ba!!s and brains to be doing all this talk. This nut still holds a grudgeagainst the US and S. Korea from the Korean war

Terror for sale!

That's it, keep pushing the fat guy into a corner one morning he's going to wake up and say .......... aint got nothing else to lose so lets just do it.................

Our gov't is stupid...and has let NK go too far!

"The USA will never allow N Korea to develop nuclear weapons."........Remember? We heard it over and over. Now we hear it with Iran. These nations know a Paper Tiger when they see on, and they see one.

the shrub's axis of evil - north korea, iran and iraq. sure enough picked the tough guy of the bunch el chimpo!

I thought there was no immediate threat because NK has no reliable delivery system, ah but the penny has dropped finally. Now lets wait until one is delivered, wipes out a city and kills millions then we can feel justified in protecting our shores.

Obama's "Diplomacy" will cause the deaths of a lot of people in the future.

Our government had better figure something out soon.Either make peace with him or kill him, but recklessly distributing nukes isn't going to result in a good future for our kids.NK uses Fisher Price binoculars?

Aide, "Mister President, California was just hit with a nuke from North Korea".Obama, "Make an immediate announcement blaming Bush, you know the routine".

60 years later what the Western politician has done to smooth good relations with N. Korea. Nothing but sanctions... In hope after decades of sanctions N. Korea govt crashes and U.S. can interven with S. Korea halting China's progress and installing internal unrest within the country.

Both NK and Iran know what a JOKE of a president and vice president we have and they haven't and will not do a damn thing about it...

the gop salivates at the prospect of sending the poor to war.

Obama removed missle protection and now rushing to get some installed so his #$%$ won't be blown up, he continues to wait on Iran and yet N Korea was allowed Nuc bomb, makes no sense how this is being handled, putting all in USA at risk of being attacked by both N korea and Iran and maybe at same time

Do they Ship to the US ?

Here's the deal: We can all pull together and ban nukes, but it won't work. It's just like the gun ban in Mexico. Only the people who obey the law and don't threaten others with them will be without them them, but the criminals will still get theirs.

I think we need to make clear to Chinese that we see North Korea as within their sphere of influence and that we would prefer their stopping the DPRK's nuclear games.   We should also tell them that if we discover that the DPRK is distributing nuclear materials to terrorists and China  chooses not to get involved, we will act without them to eliminate the threat.   The Chinese cannot be happy having an insane, nuclear power on their border.  Maybe, our threatening to take on the DPRK would give China a reason to do what it wants to do, anyway.

So come down the Kim Jung un's used nuke lot today. We have nukes that work 20%'of the time. But they also double as paper weight,policy needs simplified - you are doing something wrong, stop and let us observe it stop - no observation, bomb until you are no longer worried about the spot

Hmmmm  We go to war with people for "not" having weapons of mass destruction..... but if someone threatens nuclear war we just drag our feet......Well maybe if Kim king kong had some gasoline reserves we would declare war long ago!!!!

All that is said here is that the united states must take action to stop them. Why not ask England, France, Russia, China,Japan, Canada, South Afica, Bolivia, Argentina, ETC? Why does it have to be us? Are we the only country that should do something?

I see you ...........lol lol lol ..............

NK is like a child with ADD

"Even China, North Korea's most important ally, opposes its neighbor's nuclear ambitions." I highly doubt that...China and NK are BFF's. No one has the balls to sned a squadren of stealth bombers to level NK..

a barking dog will bite,now should be the time to do something before he does

why are we dealing with this unruly child directly, China can and does control him, China has all the tools necessary to stop their wild child

Who in their right mind would think that North Korea is going to launch a rocket ( that;s one) towards the USA?  The distance the rocket would have to travel is several thousand miles.  Plenty of time for the US to launch a counter strike to eliminate the threat.  Would it not make more sense to attack south Korea?  It is a lot closer and ships would not be neded.  They could just  walk over.  It would be more advantageous to pull out all American forces and let the two Koreas fight it out.  After all the South had 60 years to get its #$%$ together.

Sounds like N.Korea may be Obama's Iraq soon...Short round and his henchmen need to be taken out fast ,Pee wee will be the downfall of us all .

kim tried his big boy pants but they kept falling off

crazy!!!

Hagel has deployed interceptors to Alaska that haven't hit a target in several years. I don't understand how that helps our security when the sysyem don't work.

BLAME CHINA.   Without China, this could not have happened.Any attack by NK (nuclear or conventional) should be considered as an attack by China.This is all china's fault.

Do ya think they have a discounted stock self?

nukes are good advertising? don't tell that to Madison avenue...

it'sbush'sfault

Bottom line N Korea just like Iran believes we will do nothing but talk or push sanctions so they know they can sell nukes or the technology. Wait till they sell some nuke material to a muslim terrorist group and they use it. We talk talk talk and do nothing with them because of China. Time to let China know weve had enough and they can hep or watch!

We do not have aid for our own people here so we sure the hell don't have it for no one else.Scott,intelligence reports that Iran has already begun cutting back to avoid an attack.Iran in comparison to NKorea is comparing apple's to oranges.The North threatened america directly.Iran threatened attacks on military installations if attacked.Obama isn't going to make the same idiot decisions that Bush did and i did'nt support Obama.

Why doesnt bloomberg just call for a ban on North Korea because that will fix everything.

If N Korea detonated a Nuke in Detroit it would only help clear out 1,390,000 foreclosed , empty , crack houses .

What would liberals say if a NK nuke did manage to find its way to the U.S. and detonate in ..say..Los Angeles? Would they finally realize then, that NK is dangerous? Or would it take more than that?

How can he see anything with round binoculars ?

Truth is the US has a weak leader. No one fears him, infact after listening to his dumb ideas in speeches he gives it only encourages a take over attempt.

If they did launch a nuke at America Obama would be on the first flight back to Kenya.

Its a good thing the government is working so hard to refine gun laws while real threats like this are growing each day around the world. Party on Wayne!

When the nukes start flying all species start dying. The only survivors will be the cockroaches. The roaches will adapt, mutate and build rocket ships and move into outer space.

kinda a low tech way to watch the south Koreans moon you at the borderI know NK has China's attention.  But if you teach a dog to be an attack dog, you better make sure he doesn't turn on you.

Peek a boo.... We have food...

I think we need to bring home all our troops,from around the world to guard our homeland borders,open all missile sites,we can detecte most luanches afar,close all borders @ gaps.we realy just need to keep our gov. noise out of everybodys else problums for a while @ stop giving countryes aid (trilns.of dollars in aid a mounth) think about it in just 6 mons.we could pay off our debt. HELL the gov. has dug deep in our pockets and they are still giving away enought money that would fix our money problums

Japan confirmed that cargo seized last year and believed to be from North Korea contained material that could be used to make nuclear centrifuges = why now, bargaining chip ?

This is the exact same message that Iran is sending,,,

Our biggest enemy is not N Korea or Terrorists, it is the media,  that adds fuel to the political fires world-wide!

Time to take Dennis Rodman more seriously and ask his help with North Korea.

And who protects NK? China.... keep shopping suckers. You are saving your way into enslavement camps.

I would like to buy some nuclear material. Not much. Just "some". I thought I would smear it on my house and watch it glow in the dark.

In the parlance of the far east the US has become a "paper tiger". A paper tiger controlled by China. Nice to know that so many of our soldiers died in WWI, WWII, Korea and Vietnam just for the US to sell out to China isnt it? Makes one feel all warm and fuzzy inside...Obama does have option to solve NK nuclear problem: military. It does not have to be Iraq or Afganistan war. In NK case, we do have  south korea forces on ground who are more than willing to do the job. We used to be cautious to use military option on Korea because of China. Now China is apparently not willing to aid NK this time. Obama should take careful planning and quick action to get this over with. Technology has advanced greatly since Iraq and afganistan wars. US air force would be able to clean up the ground  for SK soldiers. It would be low cost campaign.

seems kind of strange to move sensitive contraband through conventional means when you could buy an old soviet era surplus submarine and have unimpeded black market access.

You can buy them through Cregslist....mine just came in the mail...thank you NK

Wow looks like it back to north korea again.

Act now before it's too late!

As the Economic noose has tightened, of course North Korea will turn to selling Nuclear Bomb technology for the highest price possible to the very countries the West sees as the most dangerous.

UH, duh!??!?!  What did you expect??  A nation that is starving - for both nutrition and status - will do anything to put $$$ in thier pockets.  Of course, none of the $$$ will be used for food, only for more weapons.  Where this may all end will not be pretty.

Dont wait until they strike first, use a few ICBM's on them so they understand what will happen if they do.

Don't worry, obama will tell them one again to stop. He has them scared now with the last three messages, telling them to stop.

why not do like we did to iraq, invade this suckers and take their wmd's? where's p(r)ick cheney when the world needs a good, reliable and honest guy?BHO did as Rodman said and gave Lil Kim a call, but it was the wrong Kim and now the NorK is really hoppin' mad.

I've noticed that posts that cast Obamain a negative light have few thumbs-down. His welfare-recipient supporters must still be in bed.

Soon, due to lack of action, we will be chasing our tails in Iran too. Our already struggling economy will be crushed as we continue to finance the world's police force with our tax dollars and our next generation.

Be careful America, could this be another WMD (Weapons of Mass Destruction) scenario..

It is high time we rid the world of nuclear weapons including our own.  Nothing good can come from nuclear war.

Been thinking that for a long time.  The years of sanctions first only affected the people but now the high and mighty's pockets are shrinking too.  They need money.  NK does not have to launch. All they have to do is sell to an Osama wanna be, he can then fly to mexico and walk accross the Arizona border dressed like a thug drug dealing gangster and do his dirty little deed right here in our back yard.  North Korea needs to be taken out NOW.

Maybe our dear friends, the Red Chinese communists, will slap their dear fat little N. Korean commie up along side the head and tell him to cool it.

The world won't wake up until a million people are gone in a flash from a nuke. Then what? The we go stop N.Korea? Or would there already be nukes everywhere in terrorists hands? This is a serious problem folks, lets take action.

We need to move in now and strike hard.

And we obliterated Iraq because we THOUGHT they miight have something. These JAckholes, we KNOW they have it! What now?We need to move in now and strike hard.

And we obliterated Iraq because we THOUGHT they miight have something. These JAckholes, we KNOW they have it! What now?

You know what...............just the get the team from "ACT OF VALOR" and "ZERO DARK THIRTY" to go in their and take out the target, and we all know who it is.

The beginning of the end!!! If we are lucky we will have 10 more years id say more like 3!!! To many crazy regimes want us dead!!

WOW! This is the first we've heard this bit of propaganda. I doubt there is any evidence that NK is looking to sell nuclear material. It makes no sense when you think about it. Mind you, I never believed there were WMD in Iraq either. But we KNOW these guys don't make sh * it up right? RIGHT??

A decisive surgical kill on the NK gov't with pork chop at the meeting will stop everything real quick.  Hell, the Israelis do it and NO ONE keeps trying with them.  Do it quickly and ignore the rest of the bad talk enemies of the U.S. blab, because it's not them being threatened.  One nuke will finish the WHOLE thing.

N.K. could have a booming business!

diplomacy has not worked, time for plan b.

They Threatened our country with a Nuclear Attack, What more Justification do we need to wipe them off the map? This President is as weak as Jimmy Carter. If Ronald Regan were alive, and still President, or Teddy Roosevelt, there would not be a N. Korea.

Russia, China, NK all encouraging Iran to do it... Iran is the best bet..hit Chicago no one has guns except gangbangers...all sorts of upheaval..we nuke Iran the rest just watch..we become 3rd world power.Russia, China, NK all encouraging Iran to do it... Iran is the best bet..hit Chicago no one has guns except gangbangers...all sorts of upheaval..we nuke Iran the rest just watch..we become 3rd world power.

Not sure if that North Korean in the picture above is looking at troop placement near the boarder...or dreaming of a life outside of North Korea

and China is a #$%$ country...........Go back to eating your young.

I guess Washington is going to wait until it is to late again...

looks like we were fighting the wrong wars the last 10 yeaars

Look at how we're handling nk and the nuke situation. We arent doihg a dam thing. This is what will happen with iran. We arent gonna do a dam thing.

lets do this another 60 yrs.......

We didn't care when Israel was selling nukes to North Korea and South Africa.  We don't care that Israel is running nuclear submarines around the world and creating tsunamis in Japan to blow up their nuclear reactors.  This just gives the zionists an excuse to blow up an American city and blame it on North Korea.

Obama won't doing anything becuase he's a #$%$.  and the USA knows it will loss another war if they attack NK

the republican response - check with halliburton and invade north korea's nearest neighbor with oil in the ground.It would be such a shame if a stealth nuke happened to find its way to PyongyangAnd detonate itself, man just horrible, wouldn’t it be……….

Our Goverment in Washington DC is #$%$,s they are afraid of North Korea and china .they would let them wake in and take us over . we need to put a foot up there back sides and let north Korea know we are getting a little #$%$. and will take there little #$%$ out it they don,t cool it.

I will be suprized if I live my full natural life. Thanks to our non-military prez.

obama is waiting for some rogue nation to nuke the usa so he can declare marshall law and take over all aspects of this country and remane it a muslim nation

Are these the same "analysts" that said there are WMD's in Iraq before G.W.B. invaded?

Its only a matter of time before some Amrican hate terror group sells NK what they want if they havent already. Just because they havent developed something doesnt mean they cant buy it. And we have plenty of enemies that would prob donate it to them!!!!

UN is the most useless when comes to deal with these crazy leaders of  sponsor terrorist nations like North Korea and Iran!!!!!!!!!!!

Maybe we should send them a nuke to show them how it is done..

I wonder if we will ever know how do the N. Korean people feel about all of this?

And people wonder why some of us push so hard to build up our southern boarder defenses.  It is just a matter of time when terrorist get their hands on nuclear bomb material, openly transport it across our boarder, and explode it in our large cities killing thousands if not millions.  It will happen it is just a matter of time and when it does we can blame the deaths of those people on the illegal immigrants, arrogant politicians who want their votes, and those who refuse to acknowledge there is a problem with our boarder security.  NSA, Home Land Security, CIA, and the FBI are so over whelmed with information they are allowed to gather because of the Patriot Act along with their persistent un-willingness to share information and work together it is a given fact that deadly weapons of mass destruction will get into the United States and used against us.  You can bet your life on it.  The same issues that NSA, the CIA, and the FBI had when 911 happened are the same issues that will allow this to happen.  Nothing has changed in the day-to-day operations for these organizations and all Home Land Security did was bring about more walls preventing them to work together as one and slowing the flow of critical information.  Make my words detonation of a major weapon of mass destruction will happen and sooner that many of us American citizens realize.The North Korean intentions are very clear. Is it not time to stop their spread of crude dirty bomb materials?

Here we go...

We have a weak Leader.  Its going to bite us in the #$%$ for a long time to come.  We are becoming a welfare state.  This is not what made the United States great!

should have wiped them out the first time... and send rodman back there so we can be done with him too.

Just Say No ...To Nukes!

so lets do a bit more then just #$%$ at them....

we have a spinless leader

Kim Jung Un Needs to be murdered, killed, tortured,assassinated.removed,dissappear, elminated....GONE! North Korea can Kiss my #$%$

I say amputate the infection before it spreads...

At least they are creating jobs better than Obama. Maybe we could sell them our duds and have one of them go off on its own. We would only have to stress, "Hey we sold it as is"At least they are creating jobs better than Obama. Maybe we could sell them our duds and have one of them go off on its own. We would only have to stress, "Hey we sold it as is"

It is really simple people. Although the U.S. could easily destroy NK, it would not be before NK kills 100,000's(if not millions) in SK. NK is ready to deliver catastrophic damage within minutes upon SK. We can not just nuke NK without China getting involved, then sh-t is really gonna be hitting the fan. It is a no win situation. I am not concerned with NK doing anything, they are just barking as they always do. they know they would be destroyed and probably do not have a death wish and want to die. However, what concerns me is an extreme Muslim terrorist group buying some nukes from NK and doing damage because they do want to die, nor care if they do, and take as many non-believers with them as possible. That is the real threat IMO.

I  Old don't carer what happens

To start a fight with the United States would not be in North Korea's best intrest this little half pint would be dictator would be taken out like Sadaam,Bin Laden,kadafi and all the rest.

ENOUGH OF North Korea, Yahoo....WE'VE HEARD ENOUGH!!!

Barry is going to ban Nukes and Finstien is going to limit the size.  That should stop all those terrorist and bad guys.

It's time to teach these mutts a lesson. If we keep ignoring it one of these bombs is going to wind up on American soil. Then we can say bye bye to all our electronics that aren't protected, not to mention they might get lucky and detonate it over a city.

The US should put a total naval and air blockade of N Korea into effect immediately, stop and search all vessels entering and leaving N Korea and force all air traffic to S Korea for inspection. We should shoot down all rocket launches from N Korea and we should encourage S Korea and Japan to go nuclear and see if that is enough to stop N Korea and get China to do something other than look then other way and sit on their hands.  If N Korea then attacks S Korea we then go in and take out all the N Korean leadership, it's missle and nuclear facilities and install a new regime that isn't so beligerant toward the entire world.  China be damned, since they kept propping up these jerks for years and now can't or won't put a stop to this insanity.

The US should be worried about N Korea.   they don't even care about their own people,so why would they care about the US people.  they are truly evil people.

I don't think Iran would buy Nukes from Korea...  since they are working so hard to make them for themselves.. Heck would you buy a Nuke with a label made in Korea?Maybe we should paper plane our sanctions over the boarder to them? NK is not getting the message.................

Not if, but when.

What the hell are we waiting for? Take them out now.

This is so hard to talk about allowing countries to do this and we just look and wait. It reminds me of being in a war and not shooting back until you are shot.

Why bother worrying something you plan to do nothing about?Negotiate with the terrorists!Workin with Iran aint it?

I just figured-out how the US can reduce our stockpile of NUKES to satisfy both ourselves and Russia...drop them on North Korea...two birds/one stone!

selling them for food aid perhaps         maybe should remove the santions and start real diplomace with them   unless war is whats wanted

As a new world power, China needs to respond responsibly to the threats from NK.Overt actions that protect peace well enable China to earn the respect of the world.

I wanna own a nuke. Our gov wants to ban guns, so be it ill just buy a nuke. Try to mess with me now lol

OBAMA POLICY: "Sternly look at the camera while saying stern words like 'world cannot tolerate' and 'tough sanctions.' That will change their minds! After all, my style, charisma, confidence, charm, and bull fooled over half of Americans." RESULT: FAILURE!Get your head out of your assets.... This little prick dictaor wants to think he is a somebody... the longer we hesitate in bringing down his nuke program, the bigger it is going to get... he will be making back pac nukes if he isn't already... and just walk them into the US.Grow some balls and quit thinking banning guns in the US is going to cure the problems facing the US... This guy is a nut job and there are many nations with the $$$$ to buy his WMD's... it will happen... SEND IN THE JACKALS....

Were all doomed. It's just a matter of time. We keep playing around with slaps on the wrist giving these unstable countries the time they need to develope their nukes.

Are all the CHESS PIECES in PLACE-------------OK we wait

events are all leading to war world 3

i see now the Japs also mind other people business like the US of A.

Would the U.S have went to war in Iraq if they didn't have oil? Nope, they should have sanctioned Hussein and saved all the lives lost over there.

These world leaders all have blood on their hands and deserve criminal charges in a International court for all their corruptions. Beware; the loose running nukes...

This is about the same as someone hunting a grizzly bear with a BB gun. Makes no sense what-so-ever.

Sad that we attacked Iraq because we suspected they were hiding WMD.  Now North Korea is flaunting them and threatening to use them against us preemptively.

i think the little brat needs his #$%$ kickedNot good ...I hope our CIA has been moving in on this fella...need to take him out. I know therewill be more like him, and we have to keep on keep'en  up.

Nuke em left and nuke em right....nuke em till they glow at night!

Planet is too small for so many weapons..somethings got to give

more likely this material will be bought up by some rich rouge groups from advanced countries and used to treaten world peace for their gains.

we still owe them (chinkxxxxxxxxxtards) for 1953.  let them have it boys.. in memory of pfc O.M.BALL JR. and all the kia and mia

Lets lite this ant hill on fire

I heard they are calling the nukes BSPOS01.......to symbolize wha they really are.

i know let wait until the north korea sent 6 or 7 bombs to the usa. and then D.C would say wow they did do what they say they would do, let all run to the bunker and wait until it is all over.

Look's to me like the sanction's are being placed to make N K take action so the U N  can make there move. I would say it's getting closer every day. and ping pong knows it his people will turn on him soon wait and see.

What are our options?1.  Try to solve this diplomatically2.  Solve it militarily (no try involved)3.  Cross our fingers and hope for the best#3 is out.  Any administration that allows a nuclear attack on our country from N.K. has doomed his party (and and cost us 50,000 or so innocent lives and should be hung)#2 is doable.  But, let's face it, as much fun as some people think war is, it is bloody, and costly in terms of lives and money.  We can do it, but the cost, and a lot of blame, will be heaped upon us.#1 doesn't feel very good.  We want revenge (but right now, it would just be revenge for big talk), but diplomacy continues (as Bush 1, Clinton, Bush 2, and Obama calculated) to be our best option right now.  We have one big diplomatic tool that we have not pulled out yet.  We could sign a peace treaty formally ending the Korean war.  It would be a bitter pill to swallow (made all the more bitter because this little dung heap of a country would more or less be forcing us to swallow it) but honestly, is war a better option?  Personally, I would rather we swallow our pride than kill a million or so NKs (and lose 20 K or so U.S. troops and South Koreans, not to mention incurring perhaps $2T in costs)  There might be other diplomatic tools that would be effective (sanctions don't seem to be working) other than signing a peace agreement that we could use.One thing for sure, though.  Option 1 must be backed by Option 2.  And NK can have no doubt about that.we need to put this dog down, but in a smart way. I'm thinking 6 foot down. Yes millions of lives will be lost to put this dog down, but millions more will be saved.

In 1971, my father passed away, but he said then that North Korea is the country to be feared.  They do not care for their own people so why  should they care for the rest of the world.  I am so scared that we are waiting to long.  Sanctions are not going to help!!

And you all didn't think anyone could be worse than Jimmy Carter! HA! Obama is going to finish his second term leaving the U.S. in the worst economic and geopolitical situation ever.See? Liberalism/socialism/eutopianism does work...to destroy a nation.

Won't be long and someone will be giving nukes away for free.  Delivery included.

All the poor of the world should donate to create a charity fund to buy these nukes and safe guard them from the hegemony of the cruel tyrant rich of the world

when you suffocate an animal, they get vicious.

Would there really be any repercussions if we just dropped a nuke on Pyongyang ?

People from different side of the fense think differently. We think they shouldn't have nuke and they said why not. And we said we can have nuke and they said how come. And now we come to understand why democrat and republican can never agree to any thing. Because we are on different side of the fense. What is fair, you can not answer that fairly, it depend on what side of the fense you on. If you're stronger your voice have more weight.

Silly little Teabags.................Run along now and lick Bill O's scrot  um.

this is all the united states faultToo many fools that are posting on here. If the US nuked North Korea the US would be destroyed by nukes from China and Russia. The USA is becoming nothing more than a rogue state and eventually will get what's coming to it.

If Obama had a son, he'd look like Kim Jong Un...

I would love to "moon" the guy with the binoculars!!

I'm telling you. You better take him out before somebody gets hurt.

Associated Press/Lee Jin-man - A North Korean soldier looks at the southern side through a pair of binoculars at the border village of the Panmunjom (DMZ) .................LOL... North Korean ROUND EYE!....  yeah we can see you...ha,ha,ha!

well even if North Korea wasnt selling to terrorists IT IS NOW... great job media!!!!

I'm not saying they should sell them but we are setting ourselves up for someone with more force than us to tell us what we can and can't do by doing the same to others at sometime in our future.

Israel yes; NK no; US yes; Iran no ; Russia yes;    ......

We Also need to work with the countries that supports NK. They are the ones responsible for NK behavior by standing against the US and not advising NK that is time to stop. UN WHERE ARE YOU?!!!!!!!!!

when are we gonna get rid of these ants and what shade of uv protection will i need!If the United States decides it's time for him to go he will be taken out.

At some point, and probably sooner rather than later, most of the nations and groups that hate America will have the capability to attack us and our allies with nukes and they will do it. We have focused on diplomacy and it doesn't do anything but buy time for them to put all of the pieces together so they can do what they have been wanting to do all along.

We should cut off all aide to this country and any other country till we can repair this country.

Fear mongering. They can't hit us now, but they might sell the stuff to someone who can! Let me guess, now we have to invade Korea again? The only people you should fear having these weapons are Americans. Just ask someone from Hiroshima

I'm more concerned about #$%$ Cheney buying nukes. He's done it before.

Wow that should really scare NK that we would hold them accountable ... just like we have held Iran and Assad accountable .... ooooo they are really trembling now ... Time for you to pack the UHAUL and move it on out OBAMA!

Settle our differences in the UFC Octagon - Kim Jong-un v/s Obama.  I'd love to see KJ get a flying knee to the face.  I think Obama could take him.

This is what happens when the u.s. Tells the rest of the world all the time that we are the only country in the world and we will tell the rest of the world how we want them to live,,how would we feel if we were like them and they told us how we should live our lives...some day they will all turn on us at athe same time, then we better find a hole to get into, time always wins in the end..

It is a shame that the American and European population don't want to commit to any truly forceful measure to stop the expansion of nuclear weapons.  The only thing that is going to stop North Korea from selling its nuclear expertise (and even weapons) is through war and that's not going to happen anytime soon.

How do they get the stuff out on N Korea? Stop all ships incoming/outgoing. Simple.when is the US and others going to do something to stop this idiot in N Korea?

Its time to take N.Korea out. We should provie air and sea support and let South Korea take back the north portion of the country.

Well I guess we can wait for the UN to do something (good luck) or we can wait for the first disaster to strike one of our cities (dirty bomb most likely) Because anyone who thinks we are dealing with a rational people may as well book a trip over there with Dennis Rodman on their next vacation

#$%$

Goddammit, how many times do I have to tehr you? You don't use the WMDs untihr you see the signahr! I have worked ten years on this pran! It is a very precise, and a compricated pran! I am sick of you terrorists fahcking it up! Now take the weapons where I tord you and wait for the goddamm signahr this time! Goodbye!

(R) 2014 &amp; 2016 Gov. RICK PERRY Report:  Within the 100-day of South Korean President Park Geun-hye and the National security ought to estimate and analyse how much North Korean kid Kim Jong-un and Japan has been damaged the Korean Peninsula's economy, how to reboot the Kaesong Factory Park and Mountain Kumgang tourism business.  When the first scene One beginning the IRIS III, a North Korean General officer meets with a Japanese IRIS Communist agent met in Hong Kong, making deal for the ex-Kim Jong il's nuclear fortune in the hidden Myanmar's tunnel. Unlike the James Bond 007 style, the IRIS III director Eastwood like the American Republican CIA agent (Maggie Q plays) to use Hong Kong-American (from Washinghton state) Bruce Lee's Jiekewondo, the Korean NSS agent (Kim Tae-hee plays), the Japanese IRIS Communist agent using Karate to engage in hand-to-hand combat, in order to protect the exiled Kim Jong-nam who wants North Korea to fall into the West, Jong-nam is living in Macau and he is heading an internal Coup conspiracy inside North Korea, but his step-brother Kim Jong-un wants to assassinate Jong-nam, that's why the North Korean Workers' Party's agent and Japanese IRIS Communist agent both are hunting Jong-un during the secret nuclear dealing met in Hong Kong. That is about the IRIS III's scene One's beginning.

how  did North Korea  get uranium?

if we stop sending food and aid the people will get rid of kim for us

Hitting them with nukes would make us just as bad as they are.Once you release a nuke that makes other countries that have them think we'll do the same to them and that just leads to nothing good. We need to just use our military might and just go in there like we did in Iraq. Go in, hit them hard, remove that government and give the country back to its people.. I'm pretty sure those poor people there would rather live in a  democracy then a dictatorship....

North Korea, if you must nuke us, can you at least please drop it on, detroit, or philly, or LA?Hey lets buy a bunch of them, from them! Put them in a big pile in Pyongang and KA-BOOM! No more North Korea! Fatso Kim- and orenital Sour Kraut ! Good idea huh- isnt it? We can pay for them with a check! Made out to the bank of Pyongang,In a few thousand years we can make it a park!

Sneaky N. Korea. Sell the bomb to another country that wants to destroy us and point the finger at them when the US demands vengeance...and he gets tons of money in the process. it's the perfect plan....

CBLB 502 was ordered by DOD 9-2010. It is an effective and safe antidote for radiation poisoning. The FDA and Kathleen Sebelius are spending their sweet time figuring out the protocols for the next meeting to decide when to have the next meeting to maybe test it some more.

Just offer a lifetime of free food to any north Korean who slaughters the puggy little pig

Obama's is more concerned about where he is going to take his big fat knuckle dragging sasquatch wife on a taxpayer funded vacation.

Dennis Rodman please tell me more about how great North Korea is.

Does anyone else feel like the press is war mongering?  I wonder if the same war profiteers are affiliates or shareholders in these media outlets. They (the press) have done everything but declare war.  The press is clearly instigating a war with NK.

seems ping pong doesn't know what to do with his ding #$%$ anymore....so now he is gonna sell it...

Their nukes do not have the capability to reach U.S. soil. I fear that they are being told to keep rattling our cage to keep the US citizens minds focused on them, while something is happening within our borders.

Odummer's not worried about this......More important things to worry about.......Gay marriage,taking away gun rights,illegal immigrants....Where is Jack Bauer when you need him??

Ummm can I place an order for a few of those ICBMs?

They keep talking about all this stuff but what you don't here is that there has been assignation attempts on this young dictator from his own people, he is just a made man.

It is long overdue for the US and our allies to start intercepting and inspecting all outgoing ships, once they have gotten into International Waters.Knowing we cannot intercept air cargo, unless the carriers invade our or our allies air space, the ship inspections would significantly impair their ability to export this type of material.

land a missle right on his head that little piece of garbage

The delivery system is key. The best bomb in the world means nothing without a reliable way to reach the target and is probably more difficult to acheive than the bomb itself.

To bad a small a astroid cant be directed to hit NK and take out that worthless weasle.

US has nothing to worry about. This FOOL is just displaying this behavior so his internal supporters will think he is worthy of his office. Just like when we were grwoing up, stand against the biggest bully got you respesct....although, you hoped and prayed for that bully not beat your A!!!!!

You think flying planes into buildings was bad. We better hope that the CIA and FBI are at the top of their game these days.

Instead of making an "unpopular decison" for the right reasons - they will wait until something horrific happens and then use that as a justification for anything and every agenda they have prepared... not to react with a just and proper measured response but numerous ones designed to maintain power and planned to make the most profit for the rich/elite businesses and business owners who are always pulling the strings of government. They care nothing for the health and wellbeing of this nation, only in aquiring everything because most of them consider themselves outside of any nation, they are their own soverign entity  Welcome to the view of being an insignificant and redundant cog in a machine you have no control over. When you look at the last few years of stories about whats going on not only behind the scenes but often times right in front of us you see they paint a picture. At this point our government doesn't yet expect the people to rise up imminently. But the do expect it... and are preparing for it. - I wonder at what point the things we say get us placed on some watchlist?  They can watch me all they like, I'm too busy trying to survive day to day to even be a nuisance.We will pay dearly in the next 10 years or so for this administrations hands off approach to Iran and N Korea. One solution? Send a special envoy to China. Tell them you are either friends with us, or N Korea. After the answer, which would be no answer, announce major upgrade installation in South Korean of our finest weapon systems. N Korea either puts up or shuts up. This would end their greatest ongoing propaganda weapon which is nearing the level of holding us hostage to future events while scoring great propaganda victories at home and around the world.

calm down boys ...

This isn't exactly news.  Whether it's rocket tech or nuke tech or arms of every shape and size, DPRK has been an open market for whomever had cash.  The question is, at which point does US pull the plug and say ENOUGH!  They'd have to make it clear to China to stay the heck out of the way because things are about to go from bad to worse for the DPRK.

As long as there are two humans on this planet there will always be some kind of conflict.It's just the way humans are and always will be.

This isn't a renewed threat...its always been this biggest threat. Its just that the media refuses to cover it the way it should be covered

Thanks for the news article.  I and several other people were looking for nuclear material.  I didn't know who to ask where to turn.  Now with this viral article the whole world knows for sure who to turn to first.  Thanks for the advertisement!

You know what they call a Quarter Pounder with cheese in North Korea?

Everyone should have a hobby.

So, basically no countries except US and Europeans can have nukes? If any non-white races have nukes, they are a threat to world peace?

Tell China to take care of little Kim, or back up and watch the mushroom cloud, make  an example of the Hitler wana be.I said kill them all.

I would be taking lil kim serious, he's guided by a bunch of grumpy old guys and is young and stupid enough to launch a strike. That's why we're putting in missile defense systems on the west coast to protect from it. Iran is who we have to watch out for hitting Washington, which personally I wouldn't mind that much since they can't get anything done their anyways. We need to clean em out so we can elect some people that will do their jobs!

Why would we invade N. Korea to begin with?  If you are not doing anything wrong other countries will most likely leave your #$%$ hole country alone.  On the other hand if you are making weapons to sell to a bunch of crazy idiots running smaller countries that plan to destroy the world you will then be invaded and destroyed!  Is life really that bad that that you want to wreck it for everyone you little fat POS!

Yo, look into Israel. I guarantee you a surprise.

Nothing to fear but fear itself....

China is really the only country that can put a halt to North Korea's aggression without world repercussions.  Russia certainly wouldn't interfere if this were the case.  Heaven forbid if the U.S. takes action!!!

To make a friend you have to be a friend.

US can take you NK down anytime and any day with just our normal bombs, missiles, and guns. We already know who's the winner. Keep threatening for food. Just be glad that, the UN and China is protecting you from getting a-bombed.

&lt;----------------- If you look this up on your web page you might find it a good read, its still true today!

"Nuclear detonation in the US and at the press conference Obama says.....""Nuclear detonation in the US and at the press conference Obama says....."

North Korea can barely get a rocket out of it's own borders as it stands now. North Korea Hitting the U.S., South Korea or Japan is highly unlikely even if we allowed them to take a shot. Factor in that whatever they shoot off without warning will be blown out of the sky, and there is little damage North Korea can do with their dated technology.On the other hand, them selling nuclear bombs is about to get them an unexpected visit if China will keep their nose out of it.

STOP BEING NOSY NEIGHBORS.it is none of your business what korea does.  if you realized that, they wouldn't want to harm us.

What would Isreal do...

Not to fear....Captain to crew, release of nuclear weapons has been authorized, penetration of North Korea airspace in 3 minutes. Primary target has been aquired and final bomb run is final. Engaging final countdown for release. Set altitude detonation for 10,000 feet. We will then proceed to our secondary target then ditch at weather ship Delta Tango...this is the Captain speaking...over!

No one wants to be annihilated

N.Korea is nothing the one that stands to gain the most from us fighting would be China and Russia who would learn the most about our advanced weapon systems from watching what we do to N.Korea.

...and this story serves as propaganda for a future attack on North Korea.

"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing." -Edmund Burke. Prove us wrong congress and friends.

The sad things is how do we even know if this is true? Our goverment has manipulated data in the past. Instead of invading Iraq so Bush's buddys could profit maybe we should have saved our money for N.KoreaWhy do we allow our selves to be bullied by this born and bred little tyrrant, when we know beyond the shadow of doubt what the intensions are?

What's with the World War 2 uniform?

YAHOO! why do you keep scaring me? I'm a nervous wreck.

Jay, what countries are we supplying nuc equip and what are your sources.  Not just your opinion, actual facts would be nice to know.  I'm really doubting you can furnish anything other than your rants of verbal garbage.

Hey world you’re not paying attention to me, aren’t we getting sick and tired of North Korea?  Just ignore them they will go away.

It's time to eliminate the problem.  This is a 3rd class country, unable and/or unwilling to feed its own people threatening other self-sufficient ones.  For sure, no more food, it just goes to the gov #$%$ and military, not the poor population.

Is this the prelude to a new war in Asia?By the way: what became of SDI - the much ridiculed "Star Wars" of President Reagan? Would be nice to have something like that right now or in the not so distant future...

S.Korean soldier serving on the front line was shot dead in near the border with the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK)according to chinese mediahow come no western media report it?

kathleen Sebalius  Duh!  Cblb502 There are several different types of radiation countermeasures in various stages of development to address different aspects of the effects of radiation exposure. Some of these products focus on particular tissues or areas of damage, such as the hematopoietic system or gastrointestinal system. Our approach and the primary endpoint of our efficacy trials with Entolimod is reduction of death from total body irradiationEfficacy of Entolimod as a radiation countermeasure has been assessed in animal models (including more than 1,100 non-human primates (NHPs) through 28 studies and thousands of mice through more than 200 studies). These studies demonstrate that a single administration of Entolimod given either before or after lethal total body irradiation leads to significant improvement (greater than 3x) in animal survival. We have shown that Entolimod significantly reduces radiation damage to both hematopoietic and gastrointestinal tissues and improves tissue regenerationIn June 2012, we announced groundbreaking survival results in a GLP study of Entolimod in 179 NHPs exposed to lethal radiation that killed 70% of the control group Entolimod delivered 70-75% survival in the experimental group when administered 25 hours after irradiation as a single intramuscular injection. This design of this study has since been accepted by the FDA as part of our pivotal program for purposes of licensure. We have seen similar results in animal studies where the drug was administered up to 48 hours after irradiationTwo clinical studies that involved administration of a range of doses of Entolimod in 150 healthy human subjects have been completed Le

As much as I think the world should stop nuclear sales from in and out of NK...it's a bit of doublestandards from the US who supply millions of arms across the world...including nuclear capable devices?Here we go again with the lies and deceptions I'd like to know where these people get their information did they talk to Kim Un to know his intentions. Tired of those fabricated lies and worse people actually believe them without questions.

Oh yeah one more thing let's bomb, nuke, erase everyone who doesn't conform into our likeness. After all How dare they're not following our wonderful way of life?

That s because Obama dummie to busy stealin from america" and to much of a coward to do anything that would stop it" You do now  he needs to protect hes brother s  right [mulisums] "

North Korea has been blockaded (land, sea) for 60 years by America and her allies...the only thing that led to the creation of their nuclear arsenal, was America's unwillingness to come to a reasonable peace offer.

Really how many of u when we strike nk are honestly willing to fight for our country when needed! everybody wants to sit behind a computer and say what they think should be done! folks there are measures sometimes we don't know about just like not the silence of killing bin laden after the fact! don't always let the enemy know your plans!

the United Korean Nation sounds really good screw this north/south Korea #$%$ 1 Korea &gt; all (ruled by the south)

Why would we invade North Korea...they have nothing we want?????

The USA should Buy the Nukes and then distroy them!!!

The US Navy must do its job. No ship that has docked in North Korea or has taken cargo that originated in North Korea should be allowed within 500 miles of US shores.

China wouldn't let them start a war, because China can't afford to go to war with the US. We owe them to much money and buy so much from them. It would hurt their economy.Then again, N. Korea might say FU ChinaThe largest exporter of weapons is.... the United States. The organization that trained and supported the folks that brought us 911... the United States. The organization supporting terrorism in Syria... the United States. The organization supporting Israel in their quest to keep the Palestinians from obtaining statehood and being able to live their lives in peace... the United States. The organization actively filling the sky with deadly drones... the United States. The organization that invaded Iraq because "they have WMDs"... the United States.I love my country, but those that govern it are out of control. Other nations have seen the actions of the US and now feel that they must posses a nuclear deterrent to keep them from suffering a similar fate. The fact of the matter is that war became profitable. In pursuit of those profits the United States (guided by those that reap the profits) has moved from being a country that enters into armed conflict in order to defend itself to one that enters into such conflict to "defend American interests", "spread democracy", "fight the war on terror", or whatever the new propaganda of the day is.Perhaps it is time to consult with the Swiss, or the Canadians, or any of the other countries that posses the ability to resist becoming power and profit hungry world police.

The problem I see with this is a big expensive war that we don't need rate now and yet that's best the US has to offer is. if the shoot on little stupid missile and we deflect it or the nuke hits south Korea war will start then. I'd rather see the US work with N Korea so we don't have to waist are money and time always going to war.

Here's the problem for U.S. citizens.........Is the threat from North Korea real, or are we being prepped by our own military/industrial complex for another round of huge military expenditures?  With the wars winding down in Afghanistan and Iraq, it will be possible to make very substantial cuts in military spending, but another war , or threat of war, will keep the weapons makers humming.  There were a lot of lies told in the lead-up to the war in Iraq, so how do we determine the TRUTH now?Just one Trident submarine, coupled with a very clear statement to the leadership of North Korea of our willingness to use it,   would seem to be all of the deterrent needed.  After all of the propaganda spewed by our own government before the Iraq war, I fall into the "Once bitten, twice shy" category.

Doesn't everyone see what is going on? All this talk about NK having nukes, and the information about NK having a trade surplus but no one knows why. This is all a leadup to a war with NK. By justifying our actions ahead of time Washington will see vey little resistance to sending U.S. troops into battle. I am not saying I disagree, I think NK needs to be smacked hard and swift, just saying the media and our government are getting things in place to justify actions that will soon be taken.

Now I'm Pi$$ed off!  I triple dog dare you Kim Bozo!  Go ahead, press that freaking button you bufoon!

Yes Mr Putin ..! I'm more flexable now, go ahead and tell Iran and North Korea to build them..we will do nothing.

A terrorist gets a nuke, floats it to some US or European city and sets it off.  The US response?"and we will hold North Korea fully accountable for the consequences," President Barack Obama's national security adviser, Tom Donilon, said last week."Translation - Another round of sanctions and denouncing North Korean actions.

I'm rooting for North Korea.  We are the bully and aggressor.

lets all pray they blow up wall street

I think every country in the world should have nukes. All of equal destructive power. Each with the same number of weapons, equally distributed between missiles, battleship launched, airstrike, sub launched, etc. Then no one Nation or Country regardless of size or U.N. membership has an equal opportunity to wage nuclear war as well as defend itself from same. Simple,....No?why must nukes exsist

We have nothing to fear.  They're a "tiny country."

As crude as they might be, North Korea still has nuclear weapons.  They might not be able to deliver one on a missile to the U.S, but they sure as hell can hit South Korea, among other surrounding allied countries. I believe they will strike, and sooner rather than later.  Its a shame that so many innocent people will be caught in the crossfire!  Its a no-win situation!

blah,blah,blah....either put up! or shut up! the time for games is over.

North Korea has nukes, long range missiles. They are threatening to strike South Korea and US. What keeps US away from invading North Korea? Legitimate fear of getting struck by Nukes (Unlike the Iraqi case)? or Because north korea has no oil?

It's propaganda like this that got us in trouble in Iraq, or have we forgotten already?

Guys, the main provider of materials to NK come from Rodman, that guy has enough jewerly on his face to make thousands of nuclear centrifuges.

People of the world just don't forget that the only nation that has used nuclear bombs (&amp; onciviliants  ) is the us... The only other people capable of doing this kind of crimes agaisnt humanity are the zionist jews.

all discussion is in fact centered around the fear of israel that some country could nuke it, israel will be some day definitely  nuked this is  crystal clear and they can't do anything, that's all .

Demonize. Point the finger. Make everyone aware of the halo hovering over your head.all discussion is in fact centered around the fear of israel that some country could nuke it, israel will be some day definitely  nuked this is  crystal clear and they can't do anything, that's all .

Demonize. Point the finger. Make everyone aware of the halo hovering over your head.

The NRA Would Be Pushing Nukes If There Was Money To Be Made.   Upgrade That 2nd Amendment from Militia With Muskets To Modern Giuns With Bullets, To Howitzers, Then To Nukes.   The NRA Says It's The Citizens' Rights.