Big geese make real good watch dogs. Make lots of noise and will attack.

Mmmmm. Duck.

I won a duck at a fair when i was little.  i loved that duck but one day it disappeared.  That evening the "chicken" tasted different.  I later learned my parents killed the duck.  I have never forgiven them and to this day will not eat duck meat.

Baby ducks and baby chicks were a great gift for me when I was a kid. I had to help build the pen, took full responsibility for feeding and cleaning up after them. Today's kids would just play with them for a few seconds, them drop them like their other toys.

osmr2ducks

You mean to tell me that Bloomberg didn't tout this.

Todays parents and kids should not have any animals if the parents are not totally committed to its care.  Most kids today have more toys and things than the entire block had years ago.  They do not appreciate most of it long.

The trouble with this is that most are treated as if they were toys. The interest only lasts as long as the holiday and kids lose interest fairly quickly. Usually those that get them don't know about the care and committment that it takes for any animal and the little guys don't survive long which is just cruel. It would be better to get the kids a stuffed duck toy rather than a real one. The only ducks and chicks I liked at Easter were marshmallow peeps. At least I knew those I could eat.

When I was in the 4th grade (many years ago) I gave a friend a birthday gift of 4 baby ducks.  We were the life of the birthday party.  But, she had a huge yard in a neighborhood that had a great stream running thru it.  It was ideal to have ducks there.  But, so sad!  A neighborhood dog got a couple of them.  The other two grew up and had a happy life there on the water.

I agree and the ducklings will not be cared for as they should be !Good for the garden.

Come on, get the duck outta here!

That's just ducky.

Any parent who gives a duckling to a kid who is young enough to be getting an Easter basket,  ought to have the dogshit slapped out of them.

I like duck eggs and crispy roast duck with hoisin sauce

Only an idiot would buy a baby chick or duck at Easter, unless they had a farm. If they had  a farm their  kids probably  already  have plenty of animals to care for and amuse  them.

Two horses,dogs and all these duck on a half acre lot ? I'm calling foul on this story ! (as in odor)

When I was a kid, a 'boyfriend' gave my 15 year old sister a duck as a gift.  That was a cool pet.  He would eat cat food and we bought a kiddy pool for the backyard for him.  It was a pretty cool pet and was far more interesting than the normal dog or cat.  We had a yard and it stayed outside so we didn't worry about diapers.

Ducks are dirty, they #$%$ everywhere!

The poor little ducks...leave them alone...get a pitbullI am an avid duck hunter.  I can tell you that ducks are delicious.  When you get tired of the duck,  filet the breast,  bread them with some seasoned flour and corn meal with crushed almonds and fry them lightly in oil.  Use the pan drippings to make gravy and serve over rice.  My favorite duck recipe!

Sadly, far too many parents think of animals as "toys" for their over-indulged brats.  They refuse to spay their cats &amp; dogs, claiming little Suzie or Johnny just LOVES all the baby kittens &amp; puppies.  Very soon the poor animals find themselves neglected, untrained, and either dumped at a shelter or (in the case of ducks) turned loose to quickly fall prey to wild animals.  Parents....these are living, breathing, feeling beings.  If your kid wants a toy, go to Toys R Us.  If you get an animal, do so with the understanding that you're adding a family-member and do so with full preparation to spay/neutor them, provide annual vet visits, be responsible enough to do the work yourself, and committed enough to do so for the full lifespan of the animal.  Sheesh!  It's not rocket science....it's common sense!

Ducks and Chickens.My parents got them for me and my siblings.It is more important than owning a dog or cat.Where is the study of gun violence and Kids that owned ducks????There isn't one, because These children learn "caring" from learning to handle the ducks chickens, just like they do from dogs and cats.While I'm Making a point,Let me also say, That the Mother-Child Bond is established for life when the mother teaches her 4 year old the Alphabet, numbers and counting, how to spell your name and how to spell "Cat"!The child knows that they can always go to mom to help with algebra which will lead to another Graduating Child!!Mom learns to realize that it is her responsibility to educate the child.STOP MANDATORY PRESCHOOL!!!!!!!!!Bring back the Family Unit, Fire Reporters that Press the Socialist Doctrine!

This story sure did bring back memories of when my husband and I did make this mistake to buy 3 ducklings for our 3 small kids. It was a mess, and the ducklings did not live long, mainly because we were not experienced taking care of these ducklings. Ducks really do belong living on a farm.

never really thought about filling the kids' baskets with one but o.k.....lol.

What the duck are these parents thinking?

Hoping that this article will be read by many folks; ducks, chicks, and rabbits should not be purchased for Easter.....so many of these animals are mistreated and killed.Many dogs and cats are waiting in shelters for a loving home...

Duck, it's whats for dinner

CINDY----stick to your guys and do NOT forgive your parents for what they did.  It was outrageous. Growing up I actually saw my grandparents kill a chicken for dinner that night-------I refused to eat it because earlier in the day that had been my playmate.

You can add rabbits to that list too.  Novelity's gone in a few days and no one wants to tend to these cute fluffy lil' critters.  Ask my neighborsI have had Ducks for years now-never a problem-except when an dog or coyete get in-several different kinds-sell all the eggs-can't have enough-have an incubator -make ducks chickens-Turkeys etc.--Love the birds-let them out in the yard all day and put them away at night.-

I raise chicken and I got my kids 2 baby ducks one year when I got chicks.Ducks are the nastiest things that I have ever seen! I have a pig pen that I raise a pig every year and the water stays cleaner with pigs than with ducks. As soon as they got big enough the were supper.

Where's my 12 gauge???

We had ducks when I was a kid along chickens, rabbits and more. Never had a problem.

Don't get a goose either. They CHASE you around and if you you think duck poop is bad....But on the positive side they are an early warning devise for prowlers.

i would like some ducks for Easter. i have chickens. do they get along if there in the same pen.

DUCK DYNASTY

Twenty-two million African-Americans - that's what we are - Africans who are in America.