"Fire came down from heaven and devoured them"

Well the Pope must be out the politics and let the Islanders decide what they want to be.They choose to be British so be it. He is not an Argentinian any long he represent all.

She needs to lighten up on the eye makeup.

He has already made a horrible difficult sacrifice in having to kiss that ugly Fernandez woman.

Pope Francis should  stay out of politics. The people of the Falklands ". . . voted overwhelmingly to remain a British Overseas Territory."  The people who live there made their decision and for Argentina to involve the Pope in an attempt to overturn the islanders wishes is offensive.

Got To Be One Low Class Sl^tt Ta Be Askin Something Like That ..Guys Been On The Job ..What Two Weeks ....

Presidente "Stupidissima" Didn't Waste Time Taking Shamless Advantage Of Situation That Has No Place In Her Feverish Pitch Ta Steal The Falkland Islands And Their Oil !!!!!

New CEO of the Catholic Corporation was outsourced to Argentina.

The pope nor the Church is here to garner votes or sympathies from the world.In contrast, the pope and the Church exist to continue Christ's mission to reach out to those who do not have sympathy for the human race.

endless pope platitudes. cannot edit anymore. hate this new web page, have triedto go back to old, complained to yahoop  and they said sheeeeeet, no way.Argentina is a third world hole

This Pope's election is the best thing to happen to the world in such a time of crisis for everyone.

I understand the pope did Ms. Fernandez.

Maradona 0  Falklands 1

The best thing that ugly witch could have done for the Brits was ask the Pope for help over the Falklands.  I heard he just applied for a British passport.

Damn!   The toilets are going to be blocked up again in Rome!

It is clear that the papacy is more a political organization than a spiritual entity.

President Kirchner needs to lay off the makeup. At least cut back to three pounds of it per day.

About time the Spanish gave back Argentina to the original Argentinians

Falkland's oil is the only reason the Argies are rekindling their stupid desire to retake land lost over a century ago.  If the Argentines were smart, they'd sneak 20 million Argies in as illegals, then fill up the Falkland's schools, housing, roads, hosptials and prisons, and then sign 'em up to vote Democrat.i believe he is a jesuit priest. look up the history of that. scary stuff.

All the roaches and rats; two legged; are descending on Rome and requesting Pope Francis to so something or another. Question is what are they going to do in return ?

Jesus said, ,, be no part of the world.   Catholics meddling with politics shows they are part of this wicked world.

Pope should get married like Saint Peter, and show some leadership to all of his SISSYClergy members!!!!!

well not to ask to be investigated but hell that would be a good time to blow up rome take out world leaders and lift the vail thats has been put over his face. im only saying it would be sweet templar retribution.

Morticia Kirchner  is at it again.

"Cristina my child, should you be raped and become pregnant, I don't know you.Nothing personal, just business as usual at the Vatican."

Pope installation draws world, religious leaders just like poop draws flies!

big nose durttbagg, how can she even look that bigot in the eyes.

Unless the Vatican changes on birth control, they cannot be taken seriously about their commitment to the poor.My mechanic is installing a Pope next week.

...average usa people who can read and write,34% whoopidy woo!!!!Keep bulding bombs and weapons.

The black widow strikes back.

These religious leaders better upgrade their books

woman pope or popet , would be the popeyet for the masses

130 gods were represented?  Weren't they afraid of starting a war?

Im sorry you all morrons, lifeless creatures, you can speak yourselves blue, but when i choose where to seat, it will be the closest to the pope as I can be.

Are Tom Cruise and John Travolta invited for the Scientologists?

I reckon the Catholic Church would have more interest in the mass if they were to adopt a Kentucky style snake ministry in the service .... it's well worth a try

usa not WELCOME in the AMERICAS wonder why?