I hate it when yahoo... makes these articles confusing by not identifing the SENATE as the STATE SENATE OF ALASKA&gt;.... otherwise people will confuse what is being done as a federal issue before the US SENATE&gt;...

If this passes does anyone doubt who will ultimately pay for it? It won't be the oil companies and feds certainly won't give it back to you via a reduction of the gas tax.

How many people commenting on this article realize that it is the Alaskan state senate that the article is about?

"will lead to more investment and production, though the major oil companies have made no promises." Give Big Oil even more tax breaks so they'll have more money to sit on and to increase dividends. Nothing will be invested or jobs created - just like the massive Bush tax cuts for the wealthy created zero jobs. Same old propaganda of greed.

want to promote domestic production, add an import tax to foreign oil including nafta oil

Citizens might better watch the pockets of senate get fatter after the vote

Tough spot here, reduce tax breakers to oil companies, or raise taxes on same and we will see an increase at the pump, which in turn raises cost of any and all goods and services delivered by truck. Any way you cut it, we the American taxpayer will be hit yet again and asked to pick up the tab.

I live in New Hampshire....more than 3500mi from alaska. You`re part of the nation however so don`t get short changed!

This is easy to figure out. Raise oil taxes the price at the pump will go up. Raise the cost of farming the price of food will go up. Raise the cost of producing oil everything goes up.

Alaska how much is a gallon of gas. Tax the oil companies and it will rise even more . All oil products will.why does Alaska want to be the first one out of oil? In years to come the price is only going to increase, the gov said they don't need the money, then who is pushing this?

We the people are opposed to any form of any taxes!fairtaxorg

Just what Alaska needs, more raping of it's pristine land in the name of progress.

Don't hurt Big Oil!

Tax.... Tax.... Tax... didn't the European colonist form a continental army in 1775 to fight against the English crown due to Taxes. Where is the American people back bone....

Taxes never lead to more production, they lead to job loss and alternative environments to do business.

I have great confidence that our guys will get it totally wrong.How ever they can,they will cause more pain.

the US govt is responsible for the abuse of Oil Production. or lack there of . They support the use of oil from Islamic Nations and the Enemies of America.

tax this tax that, taxes taxes taxes.  what a bunch of B.S......

I live in Alaska, and this bill is at least a start towards straightening out a current tax policy here that is ludicrous.Don't Alaskans know that their state's natural resources are only for big corporate profits?

From the comments I've read looks like the environmentalists don't like oil - guess that's why they like high gas prices for the rest of us.

Now I know why I'll be paying $ 5 a gallon at the pump.

Sell! Sell! Sell!There goes another small part of America! And do oil companies REALLY need additional revenue?

How refreshing, lower taxes for a change.  Keep the govt out of the oil business, and they will find more oil.  Keep govt in the oil business and they will be a partner that brings nothing to the table.  NOTHING but a bill for the consumer to eventually pay.

There is no structure, random taxation for random revenue...

"Critics call the proposal a massive giveaway to oil companies with no guarantee Alaska will see anything in return." - let me guess, the GOP wants to help big business again!

You really want to make money for the state get rid of those useless politicians from both parties. None of them are for the people anyway. It's all about their special interests.

Why thats hard to believe, that republicans want to give away more tax breaks to big oil companies................lol.................

It is time to stop kow-towing to the Big Oil companies!I love how democrats see the taking less of something as giving something away.

"The latest version of SB21 could cost the state up to $6.3 billion between fiscal years 2014 and 2019, based on the latest forecast for prices and production."Could someone please tell me why government ALWAYS counts the projected money before it is in their hands?  Did they do a study to see how much it would cost the state IF the companies pull out and don't give them ANY revenues?

I say big oil needs alaska more than it needs a tax break.   As usual big oil is wanting corp . welfare

Did you all see what the Golden "taxation" State is doing?  Yep, leave it to California to change the tax code and affect business 4 years back.  That's right!  You may have paid all the taxes that were due four years ago, but those "tax and spend" democrats are making you pay even MORE from all those years ago.Basically, as a business you paid what was due in taxes four years ago.  Then this year the democrat California legislature is saying, "no, that was not correct.  You owe us more money!  Not only do you owe us money from those taxes we just made retroactive and put into effect but you owe four years of interest on them for not paying!"  And you didn't even know you owed them.I just can't wait until the democrats in congress get their way 100%.Don't believe me?  Google it yourself.

All of our eyes are on congress as a whole, like never before. Its time to stop wellfare to the Oil Companies. It's time they paid their fair share. The worker bees make all the money for the corporations. They should be rewarding their employees and not themselves the big bonus they get every year and could live without.

Oil in Alaska is under British corporation control.

Poor greedy Wall Street thugs. The taxes mean less money in their pockets. We all know that they will never make up for the loss of revenue to the people. Because that's where a lot of the tax money goes to.

""..something consultants told them the proposal would do.."(consultants-lobbyists for the Oil Industry)

will this affect my social security and government retirement?

Compressed Natural Gas is the future. F oil.This tax will increase production.  We want taxes that will find alternative energy sources.  Plus, the emissions of CO2 will warm the planet making it catastrophic for Alaskans!

Oh my, the billion dollar piggies are going to have lower than expected profits. How can they survive on only a billion dollars? When it happens to the farmers it's tough $#!+. People talk about how Bush gave tax cuts to the wealthy, this plan benefits the super wealthy. I'm sure glad Oblabla was re elected, now things are going to change.

Another example of the fact that Republican governance equals redistributionist corporate welfare for the rich.

With Democ(rats) involved, the taxpayers will get screwed.

Lowering taxes to increase revenues does not work. History has proven that.They need to try a different tactic - perhaps a comparison of candidate votes on oil issues to money donated by oil companies would be more realistic.

FRIGGIN DUMDOCRATS....Gimme,Gimme,Gimme,and then GIMME MORE.........

It is a double edged sword when it comes to dwindling production. Yes a tax restructuring can increase the life of the production. If you don't ease restrictions on drilling it will continue to fall off dispite tax reform.

Somehow I see ANWAR in this bill.  It appears that the oil production going through the Pipeline has fallen dramatically.  They are blaming production.  Now the cry will go out that oil drilling must be expanded in the ANWAR.  Yep, you can see this coming.  Another part of nature about to be put on the decimated in the name of DRILL BABY DRILL.  Hey Alaska.  Other than fish and hunt, what can you do to create products, have industry, etc. that is a typical economy?

"massive giveaway to oil companies" "could cost the state "I love how lower taxes are giveaways and costs.

Continuing taxpayer-funded subsidies to oil companies will not cure our addiction to oil.Today Alaska, tomorrow the rest of the US.

soo we are getting s c r e w e d again? that's all i got from this article. moving on.

Oil companie make massive profits off the oil they produce Massive.  We are held hostage to the oil companies and their refinieries..Tax The Hell out of tehm.