Teach fear.  Teach dependence.  Teach cowardice.  But for Heaven's sake, don't teach how to spell or make change without a calculator!

Maybe he saw the sign in the door that said no firearms allowed and left.

I'm starting to get conditioned to these type of stories in America.  Sad.

To many mental people out there. Scary

a female student called police around 12:30 p.m. Tuesday after seeing a man wearing a long brown coat and carrying what looked like a long gun near a nursing building.Or an umbrella, or a Shipping tube, or a cane.  ect.

So the guy is walking around somewhere outside, and the cops send the people outside to stand around like targets waiting to be shot like fish in a barrel.  Brilliant tactical move there.

The last 2 who pulled a gun on police in my area, were shot dead. That's how to handle people with guns. Safe the tax payer trial expense.

The new college fad, prank gunman calls.

OHMYGAWD!! A man with a gun in my neighborhood!!!  ohwait...it's just my neighbor with his .22 pistol in his jacket.... OHMYGAWD!!! HE'S WALKING TOWARDS ME!!!....ohwait...he's just getting his garbage can from the curb..... AAAARRRRGGGGHHH!!!! HE'S WALKING TOWARDS HIS WIFE WITH HIS GUN STILL IN HIS POCKET!!!!...ohwait...he grabs her butt and smooches her...

gosh...a "reported" gunman....bet yahpoo called it in themselves....and where's yahpoo's headline for the Rockford Illinois liquor store clerk who shot an armed robber?  WIFR News 23: March 16, 2013... The two robbers were seen sneaking around outside the store before they entered, and that’s when the employee armed himself with a revolver. The two entered the store shooting. When one of them, identified as 20-year-old James Taylor, jumped over the counter, still shooting, that’s when the employee, who wishes to remain anonymous, shot him.I went to a steakhouse for dinner last night and I was shocked at how many knife wielding people I saw there. It was really horrifying.

hey guess what, guns aren't illegal.

The Government plants the seeds of fear and the harvest is already coming in.

31 comments into the thread and some lib already pointing fingers at the NRA.  Don't forget to blame Bush, Romney, Limbaugh and Fox while you're at it.

Immediatly issue a gun to each student and teach them how to shoot

LMAO, what looks like a gun. What a tool for the media.

Just another day in the USA.  Nothing to see here, move along now.

The only upside to these endless parades of guns-on-campus sightings, and massacres, is that eventually the media is going to completely desensitize us to them, and we'll care so little that these pathetic murderers will be less apt to do it if they can't get national attention for their acts.

One teacher or student with a concealed carry shooting one campus killer ends all this hysteria.

OMG ! ! ! One of the students was WATCHING A MOVIE WITH A GUN IN IT ON HIS IPAD ! ! !QUICK ! Lock down the school !My guess is someone forgot to study for an exam and this is all about nothing.

Is there conceal and carry on that campus...if not there should be! This could not only resolve  a situation BEFORE it occurs, or limit the damage. And if that were to occur it would keep us from having to hear these ridiculous stories from the AP about "possible sightings" that I`m sure didnt happen!

"Where do we go?"    "Anywhere but here."Cops: you are really not helping.  You need to go back to Emergency Management class 101, it is the class two doors down from the room you were evacuating.  And next time... skip the doughnuts.

Locking down the NCAA headquarters was a good thing to do this time of year. We don't want some crazed Hoosier fan loose in there.

If nearly every police involved shooting of an unarmed suspect claimed the person appears to be arm, how do you expect an average citizen uneducated about firearms to claim otherwise.  Look at the recent incident in Los Angeles where the police shot up two trucks claiming they were the targeted suspect's vehicle who was armed and dangerous.

I wonder if the girl is a antigun advocate trying to stir things up. There's all kind of senarios here that could explain things.

How are those gun free zones working

these r starting to pop up alittle to much and easy. I think these are being reported by liberals to push gun control.

funny, in this day and age with everyone and their grandmother(literally) having phones with cameras, you think someone would have gotten a pic

According to the NRA he was probably just out sport shooting.....in a trenchcoat.The gun control debate is great, even the most simple minded gun nuts can quote an NRA slogan. Everyone can get envolved, its fun for all.

Exactly what the NRA promotes.

Just another NRA member out exercising his rights...

It was just a righteous American Patriot carrying his Assault Rifle around town for protection from all of those ghetto gangstas that Obama has bussed in to destory our Freedoms.

fools with guns, and there are plenty more of them out there. Seeing what some on here on saying, sounds like a good place to start checking.

Indiana allows open carry.  Had this person been apprehended, he would have had every right to sue.

Not a single gun shop can be found in this city because they are outlawed. Handguns were banned for years, no provision to let private citizens carry guns in public. No civilian gun ranges. Bans on both assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. More than 500 homicides last year in Chicago and only 58 killings (bad weather)and rising in 2013.  IS anyone talking about this!Illinois, where only the Gangs have guns, and that is how the Madigan’s are going to keep it!

he was probably just one of those "good guys with guns" that the nra likes to talk about...until he decides to be a "bad guy with a gun"

Blood is the NRAs ketchup.

White people are ones doing these mass school shootings, scaryI don't see what the fuss is about. Maybe the person thought the British were coming and just had his musket ready. Second amendment, correct?

As long as we protect the 2nd amendment, you can expect that every citizen of this nation, armed or not is essentially a target for someone who is armed and dangerous.If everyone had a gun, would that stop a crazy person from killing someone? NoIf everyone had a gun, would they be able to insure there weren't any casualties other than the crazy perpetrator? NoCertainly you can be attacked by someone in ways other than using a gun. But there are very few ways that you can be attacked at a distance by someone else. There just aren't that many people who are good enough with knife throwing or bow and arrows to take down as many people as someone with a gun can. That is just common sense. It could easily be scientifically proven.

Guns may be legal to carry in Indiana, but after what they found and was averted at UCF this morning, I think they acted correctly and erred on the side of caution.

Just hold your rifle and walk near a school, mall or bank and you'll get on the news.  Such people are hastening gun control and that's a good thing.   Joe and Jane Public will get enough and change the system.

80,000,000 gun owners that weren't even there are responsible.

Thank god for guns.

the media has freeked everyone out so much wont be long until people will be getting shot up by the pigs for being out raking thier lawn because someone idiot called in A shooter

NRA = Domestic Terrorists

another Republican with a gun.

NRA is now in Indianapolis, sad.A simple hunter trying to put food on his family's table.  Squirrel most likely.  Obama did it.

I wonder if someone has ever called the police on me for carrying a firearm.....I carry all the time.  I live in Indiana, and it is legal to carry here.Granted, you're not supposed to carry on a campus...I've met people in fast food parking lots and sold guns also.  Guess what?  That's legal here too!  I wonder if anyone has called the police on that as well.

obama wants to map the human mind, reason, he has no brain... in another article on internet...what a fool.

all these shooters are full of demons.  we can cast them out in Jesus name if we are baptized in Jesus name according to the book of acts.  2 38. this indwelling power is for us today acts 2 39.  churches that can do this are  apostilic pentecostal and are in your local phone book.  NO joke ITS THE GODS TRUTH.

jesus is lord.

Ban the filthy welfare blacks from institutes of higher learning &amp; things like this would cease to exist.