The ones that make this move didnn't have to go and face the foe. It was you men and women but not their sons or daughters. Again low and middle class pay the price more so than the rich. We need to protect our country and let others take care of theirs. The president needs to have the vote of the people before going in. Unless we are invaded.

Wars on verbs (Terrorism) and adjectives (evil) never end well.

Taliban is hiding. Saddam is dead. Turn the money pump off already! Our troops have been through enough - time to come home!

from a 1998 PNAC manifesto to Bill Clinton urging him to invade Iraq signed by #$%$ Cheney, Rumsfiled, Wolfowicz and a host of other neocons....  'it will go slowly unless there is a catastrophic event like a Modern Day Pearl Harbor to galvanize the public into supporting it'AND, VOILA'

I think that "Bad reason to invade Iraq No. 1" should be because it will be a complete waste of time and money.  Normally people go for a win win but with Iraq it looks like everybody loses!  The US, the US military, the Iraqi people, Saddam etc...  The only group of people who may win some day is Iran!

We were Iraq's ally in the Iraq's war with Iran and were the first in line to demand peace when Iraq was about to lose to Iran. It served US interest to keep Iraq viable as a buffer and counterweight to Iran since 79. Well that buffer and counterweight is gone likely to be absorbed by Iran.

Did you hear.....We shouldnt have went to Nam...........

Only if we could lock up politicians who lied.

miss mushroom cloud said he was an evil,evil man so lets have 4,000 of our boy killed for her and master bush

So..let me get this straight...we invade Iraq....capture and prosecute and parade around Saddam Husein on the media.  10 years later, we "kill" a wanted fugitive named Bin Laden, after searching for what, 10 years?  We kill him on sight with no "proof" of his murder, we don't capture, interrogate or try him.  Less than two years later we have books and movies paraded around, reenacting the killing of Bin Laden.  Why did it take a fraction of the time to capture Saddam, but then kill Bin Laden outright with no trial or interrogation?  You'd think we'd be a little interested in how he almost destroyed NY from a world away with a group of guys armed with box cutters who couldn't read a stop sign in English.  Yet, no one ever asks these questions.  Now before you start calling me names and trying to act like you know me, just fill me in on what I may have missed, because I see two very similar instances with completely different endings and no one seems to care or notice.  I find that odd.gee, i thought the "mission was accomplished".

Gen.Powell resigned after he found out he was lied to.

George W. Chimpface Bush and Richard 5 deferment gutless yellow Cheney should have four balls collectively.....unfortunately, they are all nuts.

Simple fact: there were national governments in power in 2003 that were more "evil" than that of Iraq, &amp; more of a threat to American national security. Since it's pretty clear that Iraq isn't necessarily better off than before the invasion -- since, in fact, it's pretty clear the WORLD isn't better off -- I think it's impossible to make a convincing case that invading Iraq was "worth" anything at all.

One of the last American COMBAT soldiers to leave Iraq had this to say:  "My heart goes out to the Iraqi people.  The innocent always pay the bill."  Very sad and very true.  A terrible mistake was made.  We have stirred up a hornets nest in the Middle East.  It will end...how?

kim jong il was worse than saddam, why didn't bush want to take him out first?

Sadam was a killer ( as well as his sons) unfortunitly selected and placed in power with America's help .As much as people want to bash Bush ,this is the truth. Less than six months after becoming President America was attacked. The responce to seek out those terrorists responsible was an  appropriate action for our Commander and Chief. As far as those wanting to blame Bush alone for the cost of America's commitment to war ,this was a bi partisan agreement not his sole decition . Nor a lone Republican vote. It is a heavy cost and not easily stopped as Obama now see's . He has been promising our exit for years. War just doesnt work on Any Presidents schedual.( Bush or any other )

Iraq was not a success and will not likely become a success. The leadership we installed in Iraq and Afghanistan are not likely to last long and neither have been able to control much of their country nor win many hearts and minds. Iraq will likely be annexed by Iran and Afghanistan will continue their tug of war with Pakistan with the Taliban as the go between. Perhaps that would have all happened with US stupidity but perhaps it wouldn't have.

Interesting article. As a conservative, I was one of a few that really questioned Bushes common sense and motives for going back in. Though I am convinced he had Chem weaponry as he used them on his own people, I was against going in and especially when we got mired down in the conflict...Everything that we learned not to do from the Vietnam conflict was lost on the 2nd war with Iraq.  Now, as this is an article covering 2003-2008 and after seeing the writers tone I have to ask myself; "Why is he not as critical about Afganistan? Its still going on, and not a word about it." So then is this just another dying breath of blaming Bush for the present day follies or what?

Cheney is evil too, but we do not invade his Montana ranch.The stupidest people on earth are American citizens because their government keeps invading &amp; interfering with a new country every year &amp; YET FAIL TO SEE why they're so hated around the globe. And they are YET TO SEE how its not unpatriotic to criticize your government.

An immoral war based on lies--the gullible and those seeking revenge for 9-11 supported needless large-scale slaughter. Over 4000 US military dead and thousands horribly injured--America is in need of being "God-blessed."

Vote for the Iraq WarSenator Hillary Clinton YESSenator Joe Biden YESLOL

He was okay while he was buying supplies from the U.S.  I like the part about the war not costing anything since the oil would pay for it.  I guess the Chinese and the Indians, didn't get the memo.

"Skeptical of the wisdom of the war before the invasion, living and working in Iraq solidified that into certainty."Rarely we have journalists admitting their bias right in the introduction.

Is Iraq better off now...just ask an Iraqi.

The problem was the first Iraq War.  That one was none of our business.  However we felt about the rape of Kuwait, it was not an ally, in fact it was scrupulously "neutral" in when it came to the West's problems with terrorists.  it had friendly neighbors, Saudi Arabia in particular, that were armed to the teeth and had the means to handle Saddam's invasion if they so chose.  They chose to invite the US to do the job instead.But once the US and it's allies chose to act against Iraq the first time and encouraged the Kurds and Southern Shiites to rebel (unsuccessfully) after we disengaged, the second war became inevitable.  The ongoing risk to Allied pilots enforcing the no-fly zones over southern and northern Iraq and Saddam' continued slaughter of those populations.The second war wasn't the disaster, the so-called 'occupation' was.

Geez, I hope Iraq doesn't invade Washington for that reason.  Hum?  They just might.

Evil should be thwarted at all levels and to all countries and peoples that participate in evil. Well in that case let's just blow up the whole world because we are all evil. My minions tell me we are not far from being there.

Bad reason #1-100 is that Iraq was the regional counter balance to Iran.  If George Bush #1 had finished the job in Gulf War I, there would have been no need for Gulf War II.  And, we wouldn't be having the difficulties with Iran that we are having now as the 2 of them would still be going at it.Using that criteria we'd be attacking Pakistan, one of our alleged allies in the war against terror.

Bush sure was bad.  I won't vote for him.

Perfect example of the Cheney Presidency. He had Bush on a chain like a trained monkey. But then again, look at how stupid Bush was. Almost as bad a Nixon.

"Of course the people don't want war. But after all, it's the leaders of the country who determine the policy, and it's always a simple matter to drag the people along whether it's a democracy, a fascist dictatorship, or a parliament, or a communist dictatorship. Voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism, and exposing the country to greater danger."Herman Goering at the Nuremberg trials

Oh, do tell us why it was a good idea to send troops to Afghanistan.

But Cheny is evil too!

I remember when they said it would only take 40,000 troops, (laughable). And that the Iraqi's would welcome us with open arms as their saviors. Or how the revenue from the oil wells would pay for the reconstructing of Iraq.

Does Cheney even recognize the irony of calling someone else "evil"?

dems, repubs voted for this war. both sides said go in. many people in office and some that have just recently left (clinton) all voted yes for this war. blame bush all you want, but after 10 years it's sad to see how many people still can't see the 100% pure fact that our GOV (both sides) voted yes for this.

If "evil" is the criteria, we should invade Cheney.Iraq was our best counter-measure against Iran.  When Bush invaded Iraq in a vendetta against Saddam he removed Iraq's threat to Iran.  Bush gave Iran a free field.

Comparing tens of thousands of gassed Kurds, women children and all, with the 'evils' of American occupation, or even what is happening in Iraq today is simply intellectually dishonest.

As he apparently was in country he failed to see the "full" House and Senate, including liberal demoncrats vote to support the president.,

Most of you are too young to know that the attack on Pearl Harbor might have been avoided, or at least mitigated.  President Roosevelt had predicted a surprise attack by the Japanese - but thought it would be a ground assault.  U.S. Intelligence had informed Roosevelt of  an increase in Japanese espionage focusing on Pearl Harbor.  But did nothing.JFK - knowing this history, threatened Russia when they placed missles in Cuba.  And gambled a full nuclear war - which we were fortunate that Russia backed down. But he is a hero for standing against our foe - only because Khrushchev did not pull the trigger.And yet our people think Bush had no regard for our nation when we went to war in Iraq, a country that denied access to investigate whether they had WMD's.  Like if someone is pointing a gun at you - and you believe them when they say there are no bullits.Either the left is so brainwashed, or ignorant of our own history.

There are no individuals any dumber than that percentage of Americans who will swallow the lies of administrations, Democrat and Republican, who use the words "national security", "freedom" and the old chestnut, "democracy", justifying an illegal and possibly immoral action!

It never fails to amuse me that these stories NEVER mention who deposed the former Shah of Iraq and spent several billion putting Saddam in power. Hands up if you know who did it!and the answer is....America

Ridiculous, debunked and more recently "re-debunked" lie #1: There were no WMDs.

Invasion of a sovereign nation and crimes against humanity

"Rampant use of torture, summary executions, and collective punishment."Iraq was a "sovereign state after the  war....".

This war was set to happen from Bush day one...watch his first speach as president he stated we would be going back to war with Iraq.....the lives lost by Iraq and by our soldiers both there and back here from suicide from living that hell over a lie from Weapons of Mass Destruction is unthinkable....watch the 60 Minutes peice on the informant ...that was never even spoken too once by ny American CIA, FBI or Government Representative ad ten see who the real EVIL one was ....I bet it wil be Bush.....that war has lead to our almost collapse....so all you GOP who try and deflect blame and yell about the four deaths in Bengazi....look t you Satan leader Bush and what he did to this country@cliffWell, that wasn't a good idea either, but at least  there was an al quida presence there. Why in Hell we are there now defies explanation

In reality, while a pain in the #$%$, he kept the terrorists as well as the Sunnis and Shi'ites at bay.

They should have fought the war and left. This hanging around and rebuilding the countrys afterward isn't needed

Reminds me of the story about cheny and shrub eating in a restaurant. Cheney says" look George, we invade iraq, kill off a couple hundre iraqi's, kill a blond with big boobs, and declare victory".  A waiter who overheard them, asked why are you going to kill the blond?  Cheney says" see, george, I told you nobody caared about the iraqi's".

millions of people go to bed hungry .and its what causes all war hunger .then the greedy see a way to make money from it and get richer.13 million kids went to bed hungry last night.the 1% belong in their made up hell.

Name one Islamic country that is not led by evil..

First of all the author calls it the "occupation", soldiers are flattered, second Obama and his administration bragged they are the ones that got Sudam, so which is it.  Bottom line, deny all you want, the WMD were not found but funny how the trucks were seen going into Syria before Iraq was started and now Syria says they have chemical weapons.......funny how we don't talk about that, bottom line, Iraq war outside of the losing life is not the problem....all DEMOCRATS, REPUBLICANS, INDEPENDENTS voted for the WAR at the time....period.

I guess everyone has forgotten that Saddam invaded,looter,raped and pillaged Kuwait then caused a major ecological disaster by torching oil fields while retreating. He used poison gas on the Kurds and allowed his sons to torture and abuse Iraqi citizens.Remember them pushing handcuffed and blindfolded prisoners off of the prison walls and watching them die when they hit the ground for entertainment?As for WMD's They were hidden,then shipped to Syria. Its a big desert.

So, did Bill Clinton make stuff up at the UN in 1998? What an extremely biased article, from the first sentence on ('trumped up evidence). Guess found yellocake unranium and Hussein's use of gas on his own people was fabricated by the US as well?

the oil that was too pay for the war  is in the same place that the tax cuts for jobs are.in the never never land of trust me.written by the post nixon gop.before that we had a better nation .the gop has lowered the nation in standard of living and morals.the bush crime family is too america as spector is too james bond.they belong in jail all of them.until they prove that they are cured of bad actions for profit.

Dan Murphy never criticizes Obama ?

I was suckered into supporting this war. Terrible mistake. OTOH, no one was asking us citizens anyway.

A couple of well placed bombs from a drone and the problem is over.

Chaney just wanted his "Company" to enjoy "Sole Source", that is why Rice, Powell and Bush where "Sucked-in"

Well hopefully we will have a war crimes counsel and punish all who were involved in the lies and deception by the Corporate media and politicians, a few generals, and of course corporate CEO's who made billions...a good hanging and life in prison will have to do...

So where was Dan Murphy when Slick sent troops to Somolia?  There were no WMD there.And where was he when Slick sent troops to Bosnia? There were no WMD there?Our troops went to Bosnia to aid the Muslims who were getting their butts kicked by non-muslims.  The Muslims paid us back for Willies support on 9/11.I sure wish the Democrats would take their party back from the Socialists/Marxist faction.

Saddam was evil, but what happened after his downfall showed that a significant number of Iraqis were even worse.  If anyone deserved to be ruled by such a dictator, those barbarous animals sure were deserving of him.  We indeed should have left him in place.

And we all fell for it.....

Why can't we stop second guessing that war. It is quite clear now that GW had a h@rd on for Saddam since an attempt was made on the life of his father.GW is just fortunate he hasn't been tried as a war criminal. It was immoral and built on lies to the American people and the international community.The war was about Oil and construction contracts, don't lie to yourself.

Bush was acting like the progressive, racist democrat Woody Wilson, who based his foreign policy on moral criteria, too.  Your head going to explode, lefty?

I'm tired of hearing everyone call this Bush's war. It was America’s war. I remember after 911, everyone was all for the war. You are all to chicken to admit your own actions, you can deny it all you want, but I remember it.

Bad reason #3 Saddam liked Al-Qaeda - He hated them and had standing orders for all his lieutenants to kill Al-Qaeda on sight years before the invasion. VOTE OUT ALL REPUBLICANS.

At least with Saddam in power, the fanatical Muslim sects knew better than to go around causing problems. Iron rule, torture and death is about the only thing that keeps them in line. Saudi Arabia is fairly peaceful because the citizens know they'll be beheaded if they commit crimes or act unruly.

** Too bad --Hindsight is *not* 20-20. 'What would have happened if...' is as stupid as 'What will happen if...' The only god is the god of unintended consequences.Still, rosy predictions of favorable outcomes of warfare: happy Iraqis, US liberators, lots of oil for US drivers to lap up -- the good Bayesian would opine, bad bet.Too bad about those trillions that went straight to the national debt -- too bad the middle class didn't have the money to pay for getting back at the guy who thumbed his nose at "Poppy Bush", too bad unemployed children got to be cannon fodder, too bad the "haves and have-mores" couldn't bear any burdens, too bad Bush II, Cheney, Rice, Wolfowitz, Bremmer, and Powell still lead comfortable lives showing their mocking faces on screen -- where is their Nuremberg moment?Some evil is just too big to let it completely fail --

I didn't give a rats gungus about Saddam being evil, or at all about the Iraqi people - I thought the idea was to get the oil! Those freakin' numbskulls not only didn't rape the country of its oil - they actually PAID to "rebuild" Iraq! Now, here I am, paying close to 4 bucks a gallon for freakin' GAS! Unless we (the USA) get back to the mindset we had during the 19th century, we are doomed - and I'm not takin' any bets.

the tax payers of america know ''EVIL'' when they see it and in thier pocket books and houses ,jobs,bail-outs,wal-street,food, fresh air,animals,plants, i think you get the hint ? if you dont....then you are the ones that are blind and greedy ! evil is ...evil does''

now iran's clerics are spreading hate and terrorism.  the world should understand when iran gets reduced to ruble and the clerics are removed.

When that kid from Tikrit brings his vengance here, try not to be surprised.Is this some kind of revelation?? He should have been writing this article while all the lying, railroading intrigue was takiing place. Oh I forgot...he would never have gotten it published.

for anyone doubts the saddam transfered his weapons to syria, type in DNI LT General james clapper and it will show proof that syrian russian trucks were caught on satellites being transfered to syria

As I recall the Christian Science Monitor was totally behind the war. A change of heart?

In every way to invade Iraq was mistake. Geo politically was the biggest mistake because it enabled the Iranian #$%$ influence to spread in ME .   Most of the Arab spring is straight consequence of the mistaken Iraq invasion . Since Saddam Gaddafi Mubarak gone no one can control the Arab street.

Saddam was evil? That is not your #$%$ business.Majority of politicians are evil, should we kill them all?Maybe Saddam was evil, but look how many kids came back deformed and crippled from this war, now living on SSD checks.Yea.....let’s kill alllllllllllll evil people.........like what, almost everyone...duh.

Love the revisionist history.Any body remember how Bill Clinton was pushing to have Saddam taken out?

Then why didn't we get rid of him back in Desert Storm when we had all or most the support  from around the world...? Why Not ? Someone wanted a second term in the whitehouse that's why .....

If 165,000 dead Muslims is good enough for Bush it is good enough for me.

While the media still bashes President Bush they seem to be turning a blind eye to Obama arming the Muslim Brotherhood and al Qaeda backed insurgents in Libya and Syria. They also appear not to care much about targeting Americans on American soil with armed drones   or DHS buying billions or rounds of hollow point ammo or light armored tanks that are going to be deployed in American cities.

How absurd!  Cheney is evil.  Did that make it right for someone to invade us??Most liberals would say it was fine to let ol' Sadaam annihilate his own people...

Indeed Sadam was a saint. Sorry the we wanted him gone.

Yes Saddam was evil!He was not the only Devil though!Comments?

we needed to get rid of hussen  the first time out.it was more then likely a long term plan to use the thing too make money  and the tax payer pick up the tab.the up coming mid terms will be the last shot for the gop as they are now.they have to serve more people if they hope to stay.i dont think they can bring themselves to do that.

Sadaam murdered over 1.5 million Kurds, i guess we should have left the Jews in Hitler's concentration camps also

But invading Libya for the same reason made sense?

Mr. Murphy: Ask the Kurds to define the term "genocide."

if anything it showed us is that the democrats that voted for it dont have the honesty or class it takes too lead.we should of stopped the bush crime family just like we should of stopped hitler .but we did not.no one that has not seen death in war should ever be able to vote on going to war.

The most infuriating thing about Bush and his guys leading us into Iraq to re-create the middle east is that Bush ridiculed Gore for wanting to 'nation build' and made the statement that the US is not the world's police force. I remember some dope in the military saying he wouldn't vote for Gore because the Democrats would get us involved in unecessary wars.

we didn't say anything when he used the gas against people because at that time he was our dog, but when he got loose and started to think for himself-- then he was a bad puppy. It happened in Iran, Iraq and Afganastan-- let us be reminded of Cuba when we hung Castro out to dry and fend for himself when we helped him start a revolution. When it ended , Castro ended up in jail without Americas backing. Isn't it a wonder he never trusted us again. And still people believe we are a great Nation. Our government is one of the biggest back stabbers in HISTORY. Most people don't like the truth and I'll get all kinds of thumbs down.We had an idiot in the Whitehouse at the time &amp; I'm not to sure we've upgraded since then.

The same case is being made today regarding Assad of Syria.

The press can be counted on to dredge up old contentions about the war everytime Obama's Iraq policy begins to sour. By the way, Obama "inherited" a stable, democraticly operating Iraq, now it's just bombing after bombing after bombing, closer and closer to the green zone.

Mubarak a dictator was overthrown hello muslim brotherhood...Assad will fall hello president islamic jihad and vice president hezballah,,fascist or communist both evil who is the good guy?

Thanks GW, Cheney, Rumsfeld, Rice and the whole GW administration for collapsing the economy.  Yah, thanks for starting 2 unpaid wars, that our children and theirs will be paying for while you and yours are comfortable in your rich lives.

Dont forget one little fact. They found weapons grade plutonium and shipped it to Canada. We never heard about it till after the shipments were all in Canada. That is also why really hear of anyone saying there was no weapons of mass destruction. They may not of had all the weapon but they had the key part.

Got it, thought there were nukes, in the end there wasn't (or we couldn't find them) everyone thought there were nukes. Seems like a better outcome than Iran is turning into, but we will see

the real 'EVIL ''ones are the ones who ''PROFIT'' FROM THE WAR !

The way I saw it was that Saddam had already invaded Kuwait and had been at war with Iran so that was no big stretch to say he would do it again or attack Saudi Arabia at some later date. Along with that, he reminded me of Hitler, the guy was not mentally "well." Throw in a few lies about nukes and hidden bilogical weapons (we had ALREADY destroyed some WMD's in Iraq yet everyone seem's to forget that) and you have what I considered at the time to be a real case for war. The whole "evil" thing was and is irrelevant.North Korea is "evil" and Iran is "evil" so why are we not at war with them? Why did we head to Afghanistan? Because they went after one guy who was evil. Both Iraq and Afghanistan could have been avoided if they had just waited and assassinated both Saddam and OBL. Why did we sacrifice our troop's for either one of those dirtball's...

Bad reason to read a Dan Murphy article, because he thinks he's intelligent.Murphy, just a little monday morning quarterbacking????? All 14 Natl. Security agenciesagreed that Sadam had WMD's. And let's not forget that 75% of the population was in favorof invading Iraq.

Iraq had WMD's. Bush Sr. helped him get them under the Reagan administration. What happened to them is another story. All that said, WMD's were not the reason for our invasion, obviously, as we helped him get them. We invaded because our dog turned against us and didn't want to sell oil for dollars. Saddam was no less "evil" when he was gassing Iranian and Kurdish women and children than he was when he invaded Kuwait or after the towers fell.

Saddam’s nonexistent WMDs,,extended range Al saud II missiles,,,, Why? like having bullets but no gun.( unless your working on getting one)3 squadrons of buried Migs in Al Asad. Hmmm,,,,Convoys heading over the border to Syria weeks before we attacked,,,, Now they are worried about Syrias chemical weapons,,,,hmmm.Keep in mind,, Saddam marched 10K Shia into the desert and executed them,, the world heard nothing.Do you know how many munitions facilities he had? some of these were 80+ acres. It took nearly the entire 10 years to dispose of them - FACT.Today,, Saddam is gone, Kids are in school, Basra is rebuilding into an Oil Juggernaut,, The Govt there still stands much to the dissapointment of the Left,, and the Arab spring passed right on bye,,,,,,,,Victory.

its was the end result of  a person being in the white house that was never elected.his bro cheated one time then the gop of OH cheated the 2nt time.it cost us 40% of our wealth unless your part of the 1% that got 400+% richer.it was their plan from the start.

a war for profit .a war caused by lies for the people stealing our tax money.a war  that we did not need too fight.a war that caused colin powell to never think leader again.its was  a fake war for a fake economy .a war too cause hard times while the rip offs where out of office.they are never going to get back in power.its what they have coming.

gw bush must stand trial for crimes against humanity !

Saddam Killed 800,000 Kurds in his own country with chemical weapons. If he developed nuclear weapons I am sure he would of never bombed the US. Yeah right! Many slave owners were not "Evil" but our country went to war with itself to free them. I bet you thought that was ok. A large scale of terrorist information was recovered in Iraq during that time that prevented attacks on U.S. soil.

If Saddam had killed more Commentators , it would be a different story.  Hey OBAMA is president. Let go of Bush bashing.

This article has a decidedly extreme left wing bias and is written with the concept that if you say something often enough people will begin to believe it is a fact. Here are a few facts to mull over.1. Saddam invaded Kuwait (Showed he was an evil man with no regard to his neighbors.)2. Saddam ordered the gassing of the Kurds (Showed he was willing to kill his own citizens with a weapon of mass destruction)3. Saddams gassing of the Kurds (Showed he had WOMD and was willing to use them.)4. Ordered Scud missle attacks on Saudi Arabia and Israel (Showed he had a delivery system for WOMD, ie gas)5. Saddam had ordered assassination of Bush Sr for the Gulf War (Showed he had an evil streak and showed he believed he owed the US for the Gulf War.)6 Saddam continued to refuse International officials access to refute claims of WOMD (This made him look guilty and trying to hide something and with his track record of lying it made both plausible.

Bush announced the 'Axis of Evil '.  Iraq, Iran, and North Korea.  Bush took care of Iraq.  Unforturnately, the other two have been left unchecked..., going on five years, now.  Both North Korea, and Iran are finalizing their 'NUCLEAR ' ambitions.  Good job, Obama, way to monitor the situation.During the debates with candidate McCain on the campaign trail, Obama said, “I don’t understand how we ended up invading a country that had nothing to do with 9/11, while Osama Bin Laden and al-Qaeda are setting up base camps and safe havens to train terrorists to attack us.”10 But if there was no reason to be in Iraq, and no terrorist threat that was being checked there, why did Obama keep U.S. troops in Iraq for more than three years ofhis administration? Obviously, because there was such a threat.

and they are trying too make us think that the next bush is different.no thank you gop .he might be smarter but that is even worse.i do miss trying too decode  g wacky bush speeches.

Why not an article on why Obamacare is bad?  Bush is not President and all of congress voted to go there including Hillary.  Lay the blame where it really falls.

does anyone remember that Iraq was in violation of 17 UN Resolutions??????? What, was nothing supposed to happen... or was saddamm supposed to believe the UN was a paper tiger?Its so foolish to 2nd guess Iraq.. even the Clintons thought they had WMD's. So did the entire senate (many Democrats) but the media doesn't tell you that.

The whole war was based on globalist lies. The entire Bush administration should be held in Gitmo for their war of agression and terrorism against the people of Iraq.  Then we can bring to justice the current Nobel Peace Prize winning War-Crinimal-in-Chief  and his administration.

I personally supported the war in iraq and am not ashamned of how easily we won it. Saddam needed to go, we did not need him threatening the worlds energy supply, plain and simple.

Yea, Just let him kill another 200,000 of his people with WMD's.

well we should take it all back and say we are sorry,,,let's just pull everyone out  and say it is just a worthless war....also we should just let korea and iran make there little nukes and ignore that. let the the bozo's run the u.s. and see where it takes us because our economy is just thriving now , why should we care what the rest of the world is doing

Have you noticed the liberal outrage, the war was for profit, the war was because of lies, but those same liberals support the killing for profit of 30,000 babies annually in the USA. God will judge you !!!!!

i'm curious as to why cindy sheehan has been in hiding since oblowme has taken the office of presidope.Bad reason #2 WMD's - Joe Wilson investigated and reported there were none. Then Bush and Cheney committed treason to silence him. Then they withheld his report until after the invasion. Congress and the public were fed pure Republican lies.

Yet and still Im glad they hung him high...so high it literally broke his neck..the pictures were all over the internet on that day

sow the wind, reap the whirlwind ! when we set foot on their holy land, we created al- quida. thats when the #$%$ hit the fan, is'nt it ? we continue to bully and interfere with the middle eastern people, and only make more people hate us. when we kill lots and lots of innocent people in pakistan, with drone attacks, that just makes more people hate us, and willing to fight us ! when we back israel in their brutality tword the palistinians,we create terrorists. we need to get our nose out of their #$%$ !!

Congrats on a handful of visits to Iraq between '03-'08 Dan Murphy, I guess that would qualify you as a subject matter expert on Iraq?  No, it doesn't, you were just a tourist there to write about death and destruction.  I hope that it made you enough money to pay your mortgage and car note.  Don't pretend to know about the situation unless you lived it!  Signed, The Intolerant Marine - Anbar '04-'11

who is more evil then our own country.......NOBODY

Also Bush wanted to make his daddy proud!

I'm proud to have been a part in getting rid of Saddam's evil. I don't know much about an evil index, but Saddam was up there with Hitler &amp; Pol Pot.

Here are the facts that vindicate Bush's decision to invade:Bill Clinton agreed that invading Iraq was the responsible thing to doBill Clinton repeatedly said while in office that Iraq had stockpiles of WMD16 US Intelligence agencies said Iraq had stockpiles of WMD, while Clinton was in officeBritish Intelligence said Iraq had stockpiles of WMDFrench Intelligence said Iraq had stockpiles of WMDGerman Intelligence said Iraq had stockpiles of WMDRussian Intelligence said Iraq had stockpiles of WMDRussian Intelligence had information of Iraqi plans to attack the US with WMDNigerian Prime Minister confirmed Saddam tried to buy yellowcake from NigeriaChief UN WMD inspector in Iraq confirmed Saddam was not cooperating with UN inspectionsSaddam's forces attacked US forces almost daily invalidating the terms of the ceasefireSecret active WMD R&amp;D labs were found in Iraq in violation of terms of cease fireWMD were found in Iraq by US investigatorsIraq WMD scientists confirmed they were conducting secret WMD researchUS and UN WMD inspectors confirmed very active terrorist effort in Iraq to obtain WMD

Talking about the pot calling the kettle black?

Why not give us reasons for all the wars Obama got us into without a vote from Congress? We had a democrat congress and senate demand we go into Iraq when Bush was president!These losers who write articles like this all benefit from hindsight analysis....

The author makes a number of statements here that are either unproven or flat out wrong. First he says the US didn't care that Saddam used nerve and chemical weaponons his own people and against Iran. The assumption here is the Reagan administration didn't care what Saddam did which is at best unproven. Second the author admits that Saddam used WMD against Iran and against Iraqi Kurds but then says the WMD program was non-existant, which is it? So Saddam had WMDs in the 80s but they magically all disappeared right before the US invaded? I mean we found laboratories growing smallpox and other biological agents but because they weren't weaponized that means the WMD didn't exist? I think most people expected our troops to walk into an Iraqi military base and find giant weapons cache's full of WMD and because we didn't that must mean the Iraqi's never had any WMD and that assumption is flat out false.

Saddam’s nonexistent WMDs were a pretty poor excuse to go to war, but so was the "evil" argument. We didn't care when he used nerve gas on the battlefield against Iran or against Iraq's own Kurdish population in the north in the 1980s  really mr murphy, NONEXISTENT WMD's, they found WMD's in iraq chemical and biological which by the way were shipped to syria because saddam knew his days were numbered

Man, the gullible fools are still insisting Saddam had WMD. Even though Bush admits he didn't. Even though the CIA released a mammoth report on what had happened to the WMD. Even though UN weapons inspectors were there before the invasion and couldn't find any WMD.

Amazing about the Tuesday morning quarterbacking on the war.  I completely understand why the upset and angst.  So I guess the question is do we or do we not obey and enforce UN decisions?  After all Hussein refused to allow inspections to the UN satisfaction.  This was a condition of the cease fire.  Iraq repeatedly engaged coalition aircraft despite numerous warnings and limited retallatory strikes.  Was it not the responsibility of the President and UN to enforce the conditions of the ceasefire?  If not why bother agreeing to it?  Bottomline - Hussien could have agreed to abide and comply to the conditions they agreed to.  He opted not too and played brinksmanship with the world - and lost.

Another BS letard article. Fact is tht congress declared war on Iraq for the second time due to the fact the clinton administration didn't enforce the sanctions set against them after the first Iraqi war. Now obama has us involved in so many conflicts around the world I can't even keep track of them

I guess the threatened use of weapons of mass destruction, the overt preparations for manufacture and use of WMA, and the actual use of nerve gas on approximately 6,000 Kurds just doesn't register with you.  Typical Yahoo "news" reporting.  Where do you find these idiots to write these stories?

Well, Mr. Murphy can claim that he saw the 'evils' of American occupation firsthand, which gives him a right to an opinion.Fair enough.But did he also experience a life of a journalist under Saddam?No?Then shut up.

I thought everyone already new it was all trumped up.  Well for those of you that didn't know it, it's all written down for you now.That's where our money went, and all based on lies.

The facts are he was evil and so were his sons, (just about as evil as you can be). The Halabja poison gas attack on the Kurdish people , " Bloody Friday", killed approx. 5000 people and injured approx. 10,000 did happen and that was evil. His own people felt no love loss for him when they pulled down his statue nor when he was captured then executed and his sons were killed. The world is a better place without him and his evil sons in it.They were gassing thousands of Kurds, guess they don't count. I failed so see him mention that in his article.

bush said this is an evil man who, left to his own devices, will wreak havoc again on his own population, and his neighbors.  let us do it.  thank you, mr. bush.

obama wants regime changes all over the middle east but you don't hear yahoo spouting off at the keyboard about that do ya??

As he apparently was in country he also failed to see the "full" House and Senate including such notable demoncrats as Hillary, Crazy Joe, Stupid Harry, support the war effort. This was not Bush's war this was fully vetted and supported by congress. I don't see where the author mentioned those facts.

If you look at the history book 100 years from now, what we have done in Iraq is as evil or more than Saddam! Why more? Because it is not even our own country. Are we trying to protect Iraqi from Saddam by invading and occupying Iraq? Who has killed and displaced more Iraqi people: Saddam or us? At least the rest of the world knew better than joining us there in Iraq War 2.

Exactly what good reason did Odumba, the UN and NATO have for going to war against Gadhafi and killing tens of thousands of civilians? Oh that's right, they wanted to get rid of Gadhafi because he was standing in the way of Al Queda and radical Islam's takeover of North Africa.

I don't see what the difference is between the Iraq War and war with Germany in WWII.  both were evil, however, neither attacked the US directly.  The difference are the people themselves. Some things are just for the good of all mankind.

"One way or the other, we are determined to deny Iraq the capacity to develop weapons of mass destruction and the missiles to deliver them. That is our bottom line."--President Bill Clinton, Feb. 4, 1998"If Saddam rejects peace and we have to use force, our purpose is clear. We want to seriously diminish the threat posed by Iraq's weapons of mass destruction program."--President Bill Clinton, Feb. 17, 1998"Iraq is a long way from [here], but what happens there matters a great deal here. For the risks that the leaders of a rogue state will use nuclear, chemical or biological weapons against us or our allies is the greatest security threat we face."--Madeline Albright, Feb 18, 1998"He will use those weapons of mass destruction again, as he has ten times since 1983."--Sandy Berger, Clinton National Security Adviser, Feb, 18, 1998"[W]e urge you, after consulting with Congress, and consistent with the U.S. Constitution and laws, to take necessary actions (including, if appropriate, air and missile strikes on suspect Iraqi sites) to respond effectively to the threat posed by Iraq's refusal to end its weapons of mass destruction programs."Letter to President Clinton, signed by:-- Democratic Senators Carl Levin, Tom Daschle, John Kerry, and others, Oct. 9, 1998"Saddam Hussein has been engaged in the development of weapons of mass destruction technology which is a threat to countries in the region and he has made a mockery of the weapons inspection process."-Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D, CA), Dec. 16, 1998"Hussein has ... chosen to spend his money on building weapons of mass destruction and palaces for his cronies."-- Madeline Albright, Clinton Secretary of State, Nov. 10, 1999"There is no doubt that ... Saddam Hussein has reinvigorated his weapons programs. Reports indicate that biological, chemical and nuclear programs continue apace and may be back to pre-Gulf War status. In addition, Saddam continues to redefine delivery systems and is doubtless using the cover of a licit missile program to develop longer-range missiles that will threaten the United States and our allies."Letter to President Bush, Signed by:-- Sen. Bob Graham (D, FL), and others, Dec 5, 2001"We begin with the common belief that Saddam Hussein is a tyrant and a threat to the peace and stability of the region. He has ignored the mandate of the United Nations and is building weapons of mass destruction and th! e means of delivering them."-- Sen. Carl Levin (D, MI), Sept. 19, 2002"We know that he has stored secret supplies of biological and chemical weapons throughout his country."-- Al Gore, Sept. 23, 2002"Iraq's search for weapons of mass destruction has proven impossible to deter and we should assume that it will continue for as long as Saddam is in power."-- Al Gore, Sept. 23, 2002"We have known for many years that Saddam Hussein is seeking and developing weapons of mass destruction."-- Sen. Ted Kennedy (D, MA), Sept. 27, 2002

This is what happens when the far right, ie neocons, are in control.

Go read up on Saddams sons and what they did to their people. Come back and tell me what is evil."Saddam’s nonexistent WMDs". Funny how no one remembers the news articles about Saddam moving them to Syria.

the only ones who thought Iraq was a good idea...were those who profited from the like bush/cheney....which is quite treasonerous

Bad reason to invade Iraq No. 1: Saddam was 'evil', liberal media ,let it go already,stop deviating from Obama's failures .We're on to you .

I guess WW2 was immoral then too....  Should of turned the other cheek at Pearl harbor (sarcasm)

Bush told the Israeli newspaper Haaretz that "God" told him to  'strike at al Qaida and I struck them, and then he instructed me to strike at Saddam, which I did, and now I am determined to solve the problem in the Middle East." There you have it. 5000 plus Americans dead, 1 million Iraqis dead and displaced, and 2.2 TRILLION dollars of American taxpayer money down the drain because Junior was hearing voices in his head.

You know when the administration first tells you it was WMDs, then it was to stop an evil man, the reasoning starts to change. That means the invasion was faulty to even begin with. New evidence even came out the other day the CIA and MI6 were told by the Iraqi Foreign minister they didn't have WMDs.

History will show how the Democrat party abandon the USA during this time.

The human misery (ours and Iraq's) will go on for decades .  Not a dime of this war's cost has been 'paid off'.

Just keep paying for those entitlement checks and Secret Service details going to the former George W. Bush regime, taxpayers. - For the job well done destabilizing the middle east and the legacy of thousands of PTSD victims to pay for!

Bush is a mass murderer and commited treason against the United States...Sort of strange that the name of the Neo-Consrvative club is  very seldom  used by reporters and politicians.  Occasionally it is mentioned and then it just fades away.The Iraq war was subscribed and pushed by the Neo-Con, by the names like Wolfowitz, Faith, Perle, Abrams (all connected to the Dept. of Defense)and Kristol Gaffney, Liddy and Bolton just to mention a few.  Their main concern was to protect Israel from Saddam Hussain as he got pretty pescky toward Israel.   Israel has the right to defend itself, no problem.But the way they manipulate the arguments and our Congress jumps on any requests that  continue to come from there is not beneficial for the USA.Some how the individuals mentioned above sort of vanished into the woodwork after Iraq invasion, probably realizing they  over played their hand..  The loss of close to 5000 dead troops and over $2 Trillion cost plus continued expenses for medical care.Now however some of those individuals do appear in TV interviews here and there, and guess what.They do not hide that they push for USA to go to war with Iran for Israel. I feel sorry for the general Israeli population who is let around by their nose by the Zionists.Well folks, the USA had no enemies in the Mid East before Israel.America wake up!!!!.

Uh Dan,  It's 2013 now.  Where you been?  What took so long for you to speak up?  It's funny how 90% of the military men and women that served in Iraq said we belonged there.  And, here's a writer down on his luck needing money so he trumphs up some propaganda to stir the pot.   Go find a real job Dan.

I certainly couldn't live knowing I cost 170,000 direct lives lost, and countless more all to avenge a grudge on a man who tried to kill my daddy!  I would certainly be an alcoholic and stay out of public view.  Hmm, I think that is exactly how the guilty party is handling it.  A complete and utter failure, in more than just his presidency, LIFE!

Oil war not a special evil saddam.

no more evil than Obama's administration

Saddam already killled his own people and used chemical weapons on them in the past.. When he defied the UN Resolutions, who was going to stop this tyrannt? Not the panzy liberals thats for sure.

Bush wanted to pin 9-11 on Saddam. When that didn't happen he asked Cheney to stove pipe a reason to go to war with them. They manufactured that war for personal and profitable reasons and then didn't even bother to pay for out of the budget. Thousands died. Tens of thousands were seriously wounded. It will be an episode in US history that will go down as a wasteful embarrassment. The GOP today talk about saving ___ billions by making this and that cut in social programs when in 2005 we were spending 2.5 billion a week on Iraq and they were cheering.

who has possibly done more damage to the security of this planet than Cheney? Talk about evil

Saadam kept his people in line and kept the middle east in peace, the only issue we had with him was he wasnt taking our loans he wasnt letting the oil be run by american companies, we wanted his to be in debt with the US and control his resources.

Saddam may have been evil, but many in the US, and around the world, feel the exact same way about  Bush and Cheney for invading and occupying a country without reason, spilling American blood for absolutely nothing in return except trillions of war debt for the American taxpayer.  Bush and Cheney opened a pandora's box with their war of greed and egotistic mentalities, and now the world realizes that although Saddam was not the best man, he was much more effective at contolling Iraq and the Iraqi people than Bush and Cheney.The only ones who won anything are the ones who started the whole thing and made money doing it.The no bid contractors, arms merchants, politicians, organized crime, etc., etc., etc.....

Yes saddam was evil but they could have killed him only and save a lot  innocent lives on both the sides

on September 16th, 2001, Richard Cheney appeared on Meet the Press and stated "Saddam Hussein is behind the 9/11 attack", he was lying thru his teeth and knew he was lyingCheney was proven to be behind the WMD lieThis man should have been prosecuted and jailed, but he is revered by the simplemindedHIS war cost America and the world its economic boom, killed tens of thousands of civilian innocents, and butchered thousands of once healthy young Americansyou can stick your "thumbs down" up you know where, what I posted is the truth

Lets see, you kill 250,000 of your own countrymen, you parade your weapons of mass destruction before the world, and the U.N. inspectors tell you they will be at your house in two weeks to look for weapons, I bet they would be moved.  So Hans tells the world they didnt find any and they will be back in one month to look again, this time at your neighbors.  Guess what, I bet you move them again.He had the weapons and used them on his own people.  Because they were moved from his country is no excuse.  The problem is that we have only a limited war, with limited goals.   This is now a part of the world with less evil.

This person has no clue what in the hell they are talking about. Yes, soldiers have lost limbs but they new the risk when they joined. It takes a person with courage to defend the country they love. F^&amp;&amp;* You media. You have screwed everything up about the war for the past 10+ years.

I am appalled to read some of these statements.  I have served in Iraq proudly twice, seen first hand what good could come of it.  I have been fortuante enough to talk to many Iraqis while deployed.  Yes, some did not want us there, many others wanted us there and wanted us to do more for them.  Unfortuantely, as we did in the 1700's is exactly what the Iraqis needed to do and till need to do.  Stand up for their country and take ownership which is what I have not seen out of the Iraqi people.We lost many lives in the 1700s fighting for our freedom.  We did it again for the blacks in the 1800s.  War is hell yes, but sometimes it is needed and not in the eyes of all.  Stop the fussing and support the troops.  They are the ones that fight for others freedom and rights so you all can say what you want to say.

So many dead and wounded on both sides and for what?  Iraq is more dangerous than it was over 10 years ago...Iran and Syria dominate the region...With Husian in charge no nukes for Iran, no Al Qaeda in Iraq and no Muslim Brotherhood.   Foreign visitors had nothing to fear.  Just think about what it would be like if Bush II and his band of idiots had not gotten control of the White House...

Saddam murdered over 200,000 of his own people, that's not evil?  Please comment on my question and explain how that is not evil.

It was obvious that it was part of the drum roll to war. I'm just a dentist in Marietta, Georgia. It was so obvious that we were going to war and nothing Saddam said or offered would change that. Many years of inspections and nothing was found. The size of Texas. I remember Bush saying "without a doubt" that they had WMD. My thought was then what do they have and where.

evil is evil can't you tell........? anybody that profits from a war ? bush ,cheny,congress....new oil contracts...gold....land.....tribute.....anything else  ?President Cheney was evil also, but nobody came to our rescue.

As many evil people in the world....we didnt invade africa ? Or russia ?

Just curious, how much did Halliburton and Big Oil make off of that war?

and this is news today because??????  must be nothing to print about obama and his mismanagement of an entire country?

Uh huh, now tell us how bad Clinton's reasons were for his wars in Somalia, Haiti and Kosovo. Oh what's that? You don't want to because Clinton is a Democrat and a liberal, so it's ok for him to start wars for no real good reason?

i figured that after 1 month after the war and they still could not find and WMD..i said that either our INTELLIGENCE NETWORK in not that intelligent or it was just a BIG HOAX  , by jr. bush to get saddam for daddy bush !  SEE, SEE THAT DADDY  I GOT HIM FOR YOU !

Barack Obama has failed to deliver on his leadership by not pursuing legal action against theexecutives of the Bush Administration for esentially defrauding the American people.  He and his admissions were a direct breech of trust and he and his executives should suffer some punishment for their crimes.

jr bush's revenge for the attempt on sr's life... and many died for what?

Admit it, kool aid slurping liberal sheep, if Osama bin Laden had been killed on Bush's watch, and Saddam had been killed on Odumba's watch, you'd still be saying that Bush was behind 9/11 to start an illegal war in Afghanistan and that Osama was innocent, and you'd still be saying that you were proud of the freedom and democracy the Iraq war brought them.Yes folks, liberals and zobambies really are just that hypocritical.

I'll bet Dan Murphy also thinks we shouldn't have declared war against Hitler just because he was "evil" and our response to Pearl Harbor was "an overreaction".What a preening, posing, morally-challenged idiot.It was all about oil. Simple.

Bush was president when US troops invaded Iraq as requested by the UN.  Those supporting, encouraging and voting for the invasion was Hillary Clinton, Al Gore, Harry Reid, Nancy Pelosi, and almost all members of congress, including the democrats.But the stupid liberals can't remember all this.  They are programmed not to.  Having a ring in their nose, they run their mouth but not their minds.By the way, if Saddam didn't have WMD, what was it he used on Iran and on his own people?Sawdust?

What about Iran?? is it as stupid??

Chicken hawks Bush and Cheney (decorated Viet Nam war heroes themselves, yeah right) should have been forced to go over there and fight themselves. Bush will never admit it, but his only reason for invading Iraq was a personal grudge against Saddam Hussein. No WMD's and No link between Iraq and 9/11. Somebody should have told them there's plenty of "evil" in the world and they could spend the next 1000 years invading one country after another and fighting evil, if that's the only reason they need to go to war.

Go to war for no reason...spend trillions....kill 200000 civilians including women and children....Say "SORRY"...the american way of democracy

it's all obama's fault.

obama is evil lets invade the white house please lets get this bumb out of here

I always refer to it as Bush's personal vendetta war.  He only did it to finish what his Daddy didn't do.  It was simply for his personal revenge.

I just wish those who KNEW it was a bad idea weren't too worried about paying for their wives' jewelry to actually speak up before we went in there... or even before we cheated Bush The Second into the White House.

The nature of this land is 65% #$%$, 25% Sunni, 10% Kurd. They had been killing each other since the English General Frederic Malds marched into Baghdad in1917 and forced/created Iraq with contradictions between ethnic groups and oil (Kurd minority gets most of the oil deposit and minorty Sunni got the political power)Bush and Cheney do not read history and invaded anyhow and have their Halliburton oil company got oil drilling contract with the Kurd.Saddam was the republicans boy till he reneged on a pipeline deal to Turkey, then he became evil.

What non-existent WMD's? We gave Syria over 2 months to rush their Russian WMD's out the back door while UN inspectors 'looked' the other way! You stupid *ucking journalists are a waste of air.

Why Bush was never charged with war crimes and treason is beyond me.

Another truthfully reason behind that was fatten the oil tycoons wallets.

Talking about axis of evil.  How about Bush, Cheney and Rumsfield.  We're lucky they didn't invade Bermuda.

America's job is not to fight  "evil".  There are plenty of more evil regimes than Saddam's including North Korea which America leaves alone.  Additionally, the thousands of civlians America kills while fighting evil may qualify America as evil as well.

There was a guy named Hitler who was evil and we went to war to stop him?  Was it wrong to go to war because he was evil then?  Should we have not stopped him?  Saddam was evil as were his sons and they did need to be stopped.  Oh and the made up WMD...they were there.  They just were not on the launch pad ready to go.  War heads burried in the desert waiting to be filled with Bio and Chem weapons.  Mobile chem labs that could produce the weapons within 24-48 hours.  Saddam had MWDs we just didn't find the smoking gun. We found the gun in pieces waiting to be assembled.  It was the right thing to do.

Stupid is as stupid does and George Bush is an utter failure. May you eventually pay for your attrocities someday you failure! We should make you pay for the Iraq war debt A WHOLE!!

he(obama) discovered his own war of choice in Libya, and Democrats forgot the foreign-policy concerns they had run on.Saddam Hussein had launched two wars in the Gulf, deployedchemical weapons against his own people, defied seventeen UN Security Council resolutions and engaged American and British airpower in open conflict. Not so Libya, a nasty dictatorship but one that had become a comparatively well-behaved international player. Nor was Libya half the foe that Iraq had been, but a tribal society with one-third the population. It presented no national threat and involved no national interest. Its dictator was not threatening to develop nuclear weapons and was not supporting international terrorist organizations, as Saddam had been doing... Daniel Greenfield

This is NOT news. Everyone knows that the US government and its propaganda media lies through its teeth. its doing it now today, from Lybia, Syria, China, Russia, venelzia, any country that stands up to US bullying is labeled evil, or terrorist by the lying US government.Bush is evil!

Dan Murphy should move to Cuba and live with those who think like him.

All Bush did was take a bad situation, and make it 1,000 times worse...The same plan the GOP has for Iran if they ever get control of the Govt again.

One of the great experiences of my life was watching that bloody monster Saddam handing over his pistol and crawling out of that spider hole. The marine told him "George W. Bush sends his regards." . President Bush kept the pistol in his desk.I must admit, I loved watching Saddam hang like the filthy dog that he was.

why did obama invade libya again?

If that was the reason then....why shouldn't that be reason enough for America's dictator now? Just ask'n!

Obama campaigned on a promise to get American troops out of Iraq, but as president he extended for three years the stay of 50,000 soldiers stationed there. To camouflage what he had done, he then renamed the troops stationed there “Advise and Assist Brigades,” as though their equipment and ordnance were merely decorative accessories. .. Daniel Greenfield

Really? What about the mass graves of thousands of Iraqis that were tortured and murdered by Hussein? What about the Kurds of northern Iraq that were attacked with CHEMICAL WEAPONS? As an Iraq war vet and a human being thats a good enough reason for me. Don't worry Dan Murphy  we won't ask you to defend the innocent apparently its not that important to you.

Bush, Cheney &amp; Rumsfeld may they in Hell !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Saddam was an evil doer-1.  He Tortured and Killed Iraqis (So did Bush)2.  He used 'chemical weapons' on Iraqis (Yah, so did bush Phosphor bombs, fuel air bombs).3.  He ripped off Iraqi wealth (Halliburton resold Iraqi gasoline to surrounding countries and in Iraq back to the USA for profit).the list goes on and on.SuckersYou chicken Hawk war pimps

saddam was evil. what the hell is the us for lying in order to attack. wise up dan. u made ur money covering it.

Heres a good reason why.....#$%$ its done, we did it get the fk over it

Remember Donald Rumsfeld? Who was the one shipping pipes in whirlybirds? This is a conspiracy theory for bricklayers. BTW, Bush said America is a safer place w/o Saddam. You don't hear Republicans trying to assert that the "world is safer" anymore do you?  Newt Gingrich want to land on the moon by way of the Mars mission. I not making this up, folks!

#1 reason not to leave Iraq .lwe should have  pumped a trillion gallons of OIL before we left. Being a Liberal has all the ingredients nessessary to be immoral.There are so many Lies and deceit coming from leftie radicals that took over what use to be called Democrat Party and the state run media.  You couldnt begin to see what Moral fiber is made of.   PMS NBC NBC CBS AP CNN   Nothing more than Leftist propaganda tools that are spineless&amp;immorally bankrupt

The Iraq War was a total waste of resources and lives.  We killed far more Iraqis than Saddam ever did.

Ultimately, The men and women who voted yes or no, and the president who signed the declaration of war are not the ones who are given their body armor and their M-16, and going on patrol in Baghdad at dawn.

Bad reason #2:  "God told me to do it."

The first time I heard Saddam and Evil was from President Clinton in 98 when he talked about his WMD's

bush/cheney Admin has already gone down in History as the Worst Admin we've ever had to Endurea whopping total of FOURTEEN congressmen out of FOUR HUNDRED AND THIRTY FIVE voted NOT to go into Iraq. You can spin history any way you want but you will NEVER be able to spin that!!

Dozens of bombs go off in Iraq, right now, every week, sometimes more than a dozen per day. Hundreds die. And the Western media says nothing. Either the media is blind, or incompetent, or working for the power elite in Washington who don't want the true picture of Iraq to emerge.

I was also opposed to the war, but it was not all Bush's fault.  Almost 100% of our congress voted for the invasion.  Prominent democrats as well as republicans commented on talk shows that Saddam should be eliminated -- Hillary Clinton and John Kerry are examples (check out their comments on YouTube).  If our elected leaders blindly followed the Bush administration's WMD comments without checking the facts, then they were not doing their jobs -- we are supposed to have a balance of power not a system that blindly follows our president.

Most people forget that if we listen to you liberal Juggernauts we would have lost!

he was probably no worse than these crooked f- stick politicians we have.

A lot of bliss here.

The threat that Saddam Hussein posed was not one on America solely - as many people have seem to forgotten. Numerous international sources were claiming he had WMDs - not just Bush. During meetings with the U.N. numerous countries repeatedly said "we are not saying he doesnt have WMD - we belive the reports that he does - we just want more time to work on a better solution (I.E. we buy our oil from Iraq). Hussein would repeatedly tell the U.N. investigators to leave the minute they would show up, not letting them properly search, when all he had to do was simply let them take a look. He ruled by the terror of his own people, and went out of his way to convey that same role to the rest of the world in order to propel his own ruthless persona. During the Clinton administration, Al Qaida blew up the U.S.S. Cole and we did little more than shake our fists at them, ala Mr. Wilson and Dennis the Menace. Now we were looking at the rubble of the World Trade Center and a direct attack on our Pentagon as the price you pay when you don't take security threats seriously. George Bush made a hard decision - not based on money to be made on oil, not based on WMD's, and surely not based on "finishing the fight his daddy never did" - he made a proactive decision to target an unbalanced dictator and make the world a little more balanced. Just because there were no WMD found, it doesnt mean it was a failure. Just because the current regime is having difficulties securing the area doesn't mean it was a failure.When a liberal based agenda can demonize a president for making such a bold decision in the name of freedom and peace worldwide, yet rally behind a president whose idea of great achievements is strapping bombs to remote controlled airplanes taking out insurgents AND civillians (and creating wartime medals for the "pilots" that sit atop of the medal brackets even higher than the bronze star or the purple heart), THAT is what makes it a failure!Iraq is no longer our enemy, nor is it AlQaida, the Russians, North Korea, C.O.B.R.A., etc.....America's biggest enemy is ourselves. God have mercy on us all.

Bush's war

get off of it, Dan Murphy (must still be hung over after St. Pat's day)... the invasion of Iraq in 2003 was a CONTINUATION of hostilities related to the liberation of Kuwait in the 1990s... DON'T FORGET (as ole Danny 'hicup' Boy obviously has) that a "no fly zone" was in effect up until the 2003 invasion... AND the U.N. approved the invasion, which ANY member nation could have initiated due to repeated violations of sanctions, etc. by the Hussein tyranny.  Other nations' intelligence agencies AGREED that Saddam had WMDs (which was evidenced by his use of gas on the Kurds)... WHAT IS NOT TO UNDERSTAND?btw, was George Washington justified in putting down the Whiskey Rebellion?  wasn't this the act of a tyrant?  this matter is just as pertinent today as asking whether the Invasion of Iraq should have happened or whether it was perfectly executed (which it was... the OCCUPATION went wrong).  oh, and, actually, the American War of Independence was a seditious act by landed gentry done in their OWN best interests.  No men of power are noble... they are merely self-serving.

how about syria?  egypt?  afghanistan?  pakistan?  algeria?  somolia?  iran?  north korea?  sadaam was a respected man in his culture.  the fact that behavior doesnt translate to well-respected here should have no bearings on our lives.  there was no reason to take this man out of power.  and for those of you that believe otherwise, i would watch what you say because the same argument could be said for your lord n savior obama.I want to sincerely apologize to all the saddam lovers out there that are so sad he's dead. I know you all wish he was still invading neighboring countries, gassing people and lauching missles at Israel. I'm sure you all miss him so much.

So where is all that oil bush jr. Said we would get to pay for his war?

I greatly respected Gen. Powell, right up before he carried the can to the UN for In-curious George.  My respect for him went downhill after that.  I'd have respected him a heck of a lot more if he'd have resigned his position instead of lying for the moron who took us into a war we sure as hell didn't need.

Another piece of yellow journalistic trash designed to distract us from the real problems going on right now.  WMD's aside (which were trucked to Iran and Syria by Saddam) how is it NOT evil to order and support murder, torture, and rape of the citizens of your own country?  It was evil when Stalin, Hitler, Mussolini, Mao, Pol Pot, and many other tyrants did it, and it is still &amp;(#(@ evil.  The only reason no one did anything about it in Yugoslavia was that the cowards in the UN voted to call genocide "ethnic cleansing" so they could avoid acting against it, as their charter requires, and the only reason their cried about Iraq was because EVIL Hussein's regieme was paying them off.  I know someone else named Dan Murphy and he's a manipulative jerk just like this guy.

REMEMBER HALIBJA! Apparently, this writer has never read about the mass executions committed by 'Chemical Ali' as one of Hussein's henchmen and women.

Chemical weapons were used on US troops as late as '06.   I know this first hand.  Yet, none of the "news" media reported it.  Go W!

How come in america we have no evils ? but every other country does ?

Bad Reason No. 1 was, making their problem ours. The U.S. shouldn't have lost a soldier, in combat, since the end of WW II.

Bush and Cheney preyed on Americas' fears to push their war agenda. It had nothing to with evil, world security, terrorism or human rights. It was all about oil and money and that's it. And who was sacrificed in this pointless? Our young men!

I'm glad the guy is dead..my only criticism is that George Bush the first should've finished the job the first time...Take a bow Neocons.

Hey George (the monkey) Bush,Where is WMD that you claimed Sadam had !

This news is hogwash. Where will you be if we did not invade Iraq? We always pay a price for freedom. Those libtards are against it and enjoying the freedom our military had been fighting for. Who allowed those 9-11 bombers into the US? Clinton? Who else!

Does anyone remember  the CIA reports and the UK  reports and the Fench reports all saying the same thing. Iraq has weapons of mass destruction just like he used against Iran. And he threatned us all with them. How soon and easy to forget

There is no such thing as evil. Bush and Cheney should spend the rest of their miserable lives in a Bagdad prison.

Trumped-up evidence of WMD's?!  Go ask the Kurd's!!   Not only did that monster have WMD, he used them on his own people as well.

Obama voted to go in.Pelosi voted to go in.Reid voted to go in.Schumer voted to go in.You name them - they voted to go in. All but FOURTEEN of 435 in congress and THREE out of ONE HUNDRED Senators voted YES to invade Iraq.SPIN THAT.

Bush and Cheney should be picked up by US Marshals and then turned over to the world court for trial. That war increased their family fortunes and those assets should be seized and put towards paying off our national debt. It's time for the repub party to own up to the fact that these turds are crimnals.

The YUPPIES need the OIL for their GAS GUZZILNG SUV'S

I'm all for "Walking quietly and carrying a big stick"  When we invade a country or attack someone we need to do it with purpose and without fear.  I know I will not win a popularity vote here, but look at Hiroshima.  We dropped the bomb and everyone in the world we knew business and to leave us alone.  Let other countries fight there battles and we can fight our own.  If we must fight, fight to win and win big.  If a few civilians are harmed or killed in the process so be it.  I would rather them than any of us.Previous poster:"Who allowed those 9-11 bombers into the US? Clinton? Who else!"-------On whose watch did 9-11 take place, Neocon?????

And we got rid of Iran's natural predator.. Now we have the nuke issue to worry about that Saddam probably would have kept at bay.

Bring back the draft. #$%$ Chenney is evil, let's hang him.

Worst reason was it's impossible to eliminate evil. And no.2 is Revenge just breeds more revenge and is a never ending cycle. Whether you believe we had to "eliminate" Terrorism, or get revenge on them for attacking the twin towers, either was a poor reason to go to war. It helped no one.

Previous poster: "Trumped-up evidence of WMD's?! Go ask the Kurd's!! Not only did that monster have WMD, he used them on his own people as well."-----------You know, you Neocons REALLY need to update your propaganda sheets with new lies if your're going to converse with grown-ups. Last year the BBC was able to track down the source of the WMD lie that Colin Powell relied upon when he gave that pathetic presentation of "proof of Saddam's WMD's" to the UN. His CIA codename was "Curveball". He REAL name is Rafid Ahmed Alwan al-Janabi and he's a drunken Kurd Con-man. In the interview with the BBC he FREELY ADMITS that he lied and he is GIGGLING as he does it!!!!!

Too bad the American people could not vote on that one.

How come nobody is mentioning oil.  That was the medias excuse, then but the oil prices just went higher with this new administration.  Does obamas family have oil stocks?

And now the same Neocons that brought us this mess are trying to push us to war again with Iran based on their lies and fear mongering. Speaking of which....why don't we hear much about your favorite Kurd con-man Ahmed Chalabi anymore??? Remeber him?? The one that you were pushing as your golden boy and called the "George Washington" of Iraq??? Have you heard the latest that he is now suspected of being an Iranian agent all along????

George bush will burn in hell

The Neocons have and obsession with WWII. Junior thought that in attacking Iraq he would be remembered as the American Winston Churchill of the 21 century. The truth is that he will be recalled(and CURSED) as American Anthony Eden of the 21st century.....no matter HOW much the Neocons try to re-write history. "Mission Accomplished" indeed........Yep still a case of imposing our morals on another country trying to get them to be like us and keep doing so in the name of all that is free. We shouldnt get involved period unless they point the missles right at us. We always go in beat them up at our cost and rebuild them after at our costs and achieve the same results. What part of History dont we understand. These people want to kill each other over their religous views or want to take control and rule the same as before and think Get the US to take out our leader for us and we can rule as we decide to rule any way we deem.Yes there are torture and reprisals going on in those Countries but they are happening in China and other parts of the world and dont invade those to stop it.Its time we quit being other countries watchdogs and start watching ourselves because things have gotten out of control.

Old history.  Get over it.

This article misses the point.  Israel wanted us to invade Iraq, and if it helped Israel, it was worth the loss of American lives.  God bless!

Ted Kennedy said NO to the war in Iraq - what a great politician he was

Sad that the criminals like Bush and his cronies and Blair are still at large. Hundreds of thousands of innocent people killed, millions homeless and women giving birth to crippled children because of the use of illict weapons and AlQeada now in Iraq-----what a shame...

Watch HUBRIS: SELLING THE IRAQ WAR, this Friday March 22nd, on M-S-N-B-C, at9 Eastern and 6 West Coast time.....this Documentary originally aired 2 or 3 weeks ago.  U.N. Ambassadors saw the documentary, and are now calling for International investigation of George W. Bush, Cheney, Rice, Rumsfeld, and others !

GW Bush should be in a prison right now ,and all of the ones who helped him.He was a very ignorant person using everything available at his disposal thinking that mass murder would solve things.

I was for the 1st Iraq invasion Desert Storm, when George H.W. Bush....but then his Rat Baz-Turd son George W. Bush manipulated public opinion, by fabricating his Lies, for taking our Troops to go fight a War in Iraq that was based on "False Pretences &amp; Lies".  George W. Bush should be in Prison !!!

im in favor of an isolationist america again like what we did in ww1 and ww2 let other countrys solve thier own problems.now were the most hated country in the world and im afraid to go to other countries without getting verbally or psychically abused

How much Money did Cheney's cronies at Haliburton profit from the Iraq War? Maybe Cheney and his Stooge Bush were the greater Evil.Is this some how leading up to THERE WAS A GOOD REASON TO INVADE IRAQ?? Good luck with that. Since " god told bush to invade iraq ", Saddam HAD to be evil. ( WE HAD NO RIGHT OR REASON TO INVADE ANY OTHER COUNTRY! ( except mexico or canada depending on how the weather goes! )

Somebody needs to proof read this #$%$.

Its over give it a rest

If it's worth fighting for, it's worth fighting dirty for.

If the three stooges, Bush, Chenny and Rumpsfield were correct in invading Iraq, let the three visit anywhere in europe or asia and see the warm welcome theyreceive. They are so full of guilt that they cannot travel to any other foreign country except the americas.

A stunning success that can be attributed to fifth columnist Neocons

Sounds like he's talking about North Korea.  Did we invade NK.  Nope

Can't believe there are people (and Yahoo) STILL harpin' on this!  ...And, YES, Saddam WAS evil.  Thank goodness President Bush and our troops went in and got him and his two (also evil) sons!  Otherwise he'd STILL be doing horrific things and no one would stop him.  Certainly not the guy we have in office now.  Nor "Slick Willy".

Why do people mention like if the president is in charge of everything, obviously it's not him we all know its the man hiding behind the curtain.

The highest praise for the Jeffersonians back in the day who gave us the freedom of speech and the freedom of the press. It's nice to see that the "Cat has come out of the Bag" as theysay. I was really disturded to see a large segment of the population Foaming at the mouth for the blood of the Iraqi people. The concepts of  christianity were readily pushed aside and murder and was embraced.I have seen little or no oppisition from the religious community in  regards to the wars I realized I was in amongst a blood thirsty brood. I have my doutbts as whether "The Hague" will ever indict the Bush administration for its crimes againsthumanity. Everyone will probaly walk. One thing I have noticed about these blood lettings is that the victims are often depicted as lesser types. Let me assure you that the mothers andfathers of Iraq and Afgahistan love their children just as much as we love ours. They have plansand dreams for them. In summation let be known that no matter how many F22s you have. One day the chickens will come home to roost,All the kings horses and all the kings men won"t be able to......It's Obama's Fault!!!!

Colin Powell’s prop-assisted performance at the UN was roughly 3 weeks after congress voted to go to war... Stop trying to rewrite history.

Iraq was a better place before war than now, USA is to be blamed

History has shown we like to be "in bed" with rulers when they play our way. When they don't, we make up lies and go to unjust wars. Bush and Powell should be charged with war crimes because they LIED which led to many deaths, theirs and ours.

Israel runs the U.S. so war was inevitable. Wait 'till they orchestrate the next race war.

George Bush and #$%$ Cheney calling some one else evil? That's the funniest thing I've heard all day!

Saddam was a monster. For a while the U.S. used him as our monster. Whether or not we should have is debatable, but that did make it our responsibility to remove him from power one way or the other.

Dan Murphy, you self-righteous writers kill me with your monday morning quarterbacking reevaluations.

Cheny was no 1 evil in the whole plot.

Saddam was a mason and a knight just like our presidents and Ahmadinejad, Castro, gorbachev, chavez and all the rest we are living in a false reality with false governments all controlled by the papacy through its orders of knights and freemasonry.if you have power, you don't need reasons...  that is how the world runs... to make up reasons just sounds better. British had done it before, American has kept doing it

there are millions of reasons to invade others if you have the power --- better guns

spare me, a VOLUNTEER military knows what is expected of them.  i feel for the Reservists and National Guard troops... but spare me the bit about the regulars having to serve... IT'S THEIR JOBS!!! and they know it.

bush  and #$%$ should be tried at the Hague. they are both war criminals

So Mr. Murphy, you have it figured out what the reason was not for going to war in Irag, what do you think it actually was {or are you worried about setting the dogs loose on your own behind}

if we were to really fight evil...we would be at war with Obama.

Wrong then, wrong now, nothing new, skip it.

No they didn't find fully deployable ready to go WMD. However, a close following of all the news reports showed that, what they did find were all the precurser materials, all the required machinery and all the hardware necessary to build and deploy the WMD once the UN sanctions were lifted.

Who cares what the reasons were and whether you were for or against UN-led coalition of force against Iraq, Mr. Dan #$%$" Murphy!  Your obvious bias against the liberation of Iraq is only emphasized by the selected statements that support your narrow-headed article.  No one is for war, you idiot!  You might want to study history a bit more before writing a mini-series of liberal dribble and trying opening your mind to the reality that there are those that would have your head and mine if given the opportunity if for no other reason than because we are Americans.  Figure out what side you're on before we pull your USA citizenship and export your #$%$ to live in Iraq, you P.O.S.!

Obama's foreign policy will be so much better...Osama bin Barack: All foreigners, attention!!! Please form an orderly, single file line into our country to pillage and destroy what's left of it since I took over!!! Oh, and sorry about alienating you, Israel....No hard feelings, but I've gotta run with the horse that brought me here!!! I am not a dictator...I'm a tyrant, get it right!!!!They should have handled it peacefully like they did back in the 1930's when all Germany wanted was a piece of Czechoslovakia.  They should have just given Saddam Kuwait and we would have had "Peace in our Time" just like back then.

All Cheney needed to do to prove the theory on Iraq's weapons of mass destruction, was to release the receipts for them. After all it was Cheney, Rumsfeld and Bush the 1st who sold Saddam those weapons to fight Iran in the 80's and choose to look the other way when Saddam used those very same weapons to gas the Kurdish population. Seems to me that 'evil" is a relative term.

Shut up! Stop blaming Bush so you can take the news off Obama. That Iraq ship sailed 10 years ago.  You writers make me sick.  Try to stay current. Or go play 100 rounds of golf.

Hey Dan, do your whining to Hitler...oh wait, you can't because he commited suicide AFTER he cause the 2nd world war than killed 70 million people and left Europe in ruins.  Think about it Dan...had you been in the 6th floor Texas School Book depository 10 minutes BEFORE Lee Harvey killed Kenedy, and you killed Lee Harvey BEFORE he kill the President, your #$%$ would have been sitting in prison for murder.  Fair?  NO.  You have the advantage of Monday Morning quarterbacking....we will NEVER know if Sadam would have been another Hitler now will we?  And you know what?  I AM FINE WITH THAT.

Clinton voted for regime change in Iraq in 98,  Bush completed it.  Clinton security briefing/papers informed Bush admin in '01 there WMDs in Iraq.  Oh, Bush lied???  If so, Clinton lied!

another slam dunki by the incredible Condeleeza.  Kadaffi's learing must have just gotten to her better judgement.  How amazing.

If GWB was a liar about WMD's, and evil, I wonder if he could match a line-by-line stack of drivel and falsehoods as you just wrote here. I assume you will add facts to this cover letter. Gad, what rubbish.

It has a lot to do with the Dinar, much more than ever will be admitted. Ok, ok it was the only reason. Lead a counrty and mention that currency, we're coming to get you.

You got that right Go

SO those weekly evening news reports for 8 yrs on how Clinton's admin was going to control IRAQ's nuc program &amp; WMDs was all a lie?I have tons of old Time mag, WSJ, and Newsweek - Clinton regular was concern about Iraq weapons at the time and support BUSH in early years on trying to control IRAQ WMDs. So, did UN, most dems &amp; reps, and most western countries.If it was such a bad idea, why didn't Obongo get us out in 2009?

the next time we have to fight in tme middle east,,, I hope to see some of the israeli infantry and armored divisions there by our side....

Don't forget Tony Blair who said that Saddam could get nuke ‘within a year or two.’ no one talked about this ever again but that definitely wins Tony the biggest liar Trophy.

A bigger reason was that Saddam, plus Kahdafi and Chavez... dared to detour U$-petrodollar hegemony, and sell their oil for euros...!

Condoleeza Rice, George Bush, #$%$ Cheney and Donald Rumsfield are evils and war criminals.

Still bashing Bush all these years later, in the vain hope that we are stupid enough to overlook Obama's incompetence. Letting a US Ambassador be assasinated in Libya and then lying about it. Allowing Iran to develop nuclear bomb capability, giving gun to drug cartels in Mexico, stating outright that he has the legal authority to KILL Americans ON AMERICAN SOIL. And ...oh yeah....plunging us SIX TRILLION dollars into debt when he pledged to cut the deficit.

Tens years after the invasion, Iraq is a MUCH better place. I remember the Iraqi's i spoke to, begging us to stay. I remember flying over suburbs of Baghdad, that looked like Arizona (in regards to their houses). It was nuts, not the Iraq i had seen on TV. Thank God for our help to that country.

Our invasion of Iraq was a display of power. Jewish power.

5,000 of our best dead and gone2 trillion in debt for this waran even more unstable Iraq than beforeapathy in the middle east for the USNO WMDs

He was an evil sumbitch, and a complete PITA too. Recall that we spent years containing his sorry behind, and Kuwait, and other Gulf states don't miss him one bit.THe EVIL ones are the American media and their sham reporting

Bad reason to invade Iraq No. 2 : WMD !!!Wonder where it is though ... LOL!

If anything Bush and Cheney are the true evil in this article. They lied on purpose to get us into that war. They got 5000 soldiers killed and another 30,000 wounded. Both are wanted outside the US by the world court for crimes against humanity and other war crimes. I say put their stinkin lying butts on trial for treason!

I wonder if the three stooges Bush, Chenny, and Rumsfield are liable for prosecution regarding Iraq. I do not believe, just stating 'I was misled' is a correct reason to pass the blame. Saddam and his generals were also misled by the intellengence agency. So was Hitler and his generals misled by the department of propoganda. So was Cesar ..... Hmmmmm!!!

Electing GW Bush was the mistake!

another setting to blame Bush...

Interesting how the author fails to mention the number of U.N. resolutions stating that Iraq had violated their agreement to allow weapon inspectors into the country (16), how Saddam Hussein's defiance since 1989 emboldened Al Qaeda to view the U.S. &amp; U.N. as toothless, and how the Oil for Food program had become rife with corruption, all the way up to heads of state (remember when President Clinton pardoned - at the last minute of his presidency - the world's largest white-collar criminal, Marc Rich? Well, Mr. Rich was a primary middle man in circumventing the Oil for Food program). This is not to imply that the invasion of Iraq was a good idea; the implication is that even venerable publications like the Christian Science Monitor (the last bastion of purely objective reporting - but no more) have become liberal enclaves that refuse to consider both sides of important issues.

what the hell!!!!   george bush was the most credible intellectual,  god fearing, red blooded american, kid loving, wave the flag, go to church, drive a f-150, nascar loving, commie hater in the history of the united states and the christian science monitor is trying to tell me otherwise?????  sheet, what has this world come to now?????  can somebody send me somemore ritalan....i was having an out of body experience and the toilet is backed up in the trailer.

why does yahoo constantly try to justify obummers failed presidency and this admin  by putting down others and drawing attention away from the truth...

What is a terrorist? A suicide bomber. What is a terrorist state? Israel. What is an ultra-terrorist state – a terrhorrorist state? What is a terrhorrorist state? The glorious child-killing nation - United States of America.  What is the oldest official song  in the US military? The Marine Corps hymn. Here is the new version, written for the new Marine Corps.From the Halls of Montezuma to the Shores of Tripoli;We would fight our country's battles in the air, on land and sea;First to fight for right and freedom and to keep our honor clean;We can no longer be proud to claim the title of United States Marines.Our flag's unfurled to every breeze from dawn to setting sun;We have fought in ev'ry clime and place where we could take a gun;In the snow of far-off Northern lands and in sunny tropic scenes;You will find us always on the job -- The United States Marines.Here's health to you and to our Corps which we are no longer proud to serve;In many a strife we've fought for life and never lost our nerve;If the Army and the Navy ever look on Heaven's scenes;They will find the streets are bloodied by United States Marines.Here's a good question: why are we there NOW? Disconnect from "evil doer" history for a moment and explain why American lives and dollars are still put at risk in iraq and afganistan. Tell me. Really. Because of the 100 reasons I've heard so far, I have not heard one good one yet. ("good reason" meaning one worth me, my child, or my neighbor fighting and dying for - let alone paying for) I'll come right out and say with 99% probability that it's all horse$hit serving a special interest, that is not MY interest (or yours). So, what say you?

"We didn't care when he used nerve gas on the battlefield against Iran or against Iraq's own Kurdish population in the north in the 1980s." Are you completely out of your mind, Murphy?

Not one of our childrens lives was worth the whole country of Iraq or any other middle eastern country.

i am glad we did what we did to Saddam. but I dont think i've heard any one ever say [maybe  Saddam was i douche because he had to be]. arabs live in the part of the world that is the birthplace of civilazation yet they are the least civilized in the world. anyone that would cut off a mans head and genitels and place them into his decapitated head for people to find,animals. I feel in some of these cases like what happened to Daniel Pearl for me is enough to turn them all into glass

Oh really!What a revelation!It was all about $$$$$$$!The Bush crime family and Chaney's Halliburton made out like bandits while the soldiers took the fall!Business as usual.

As a P.S. to many of these comments, by Bush's reasoning to invade (evil/axis of evil, blah, blah) we should also be in Saudi Arabia, Iran, North Korea, China, etc...

The legacy of a compulsive liar.....and those who he suckered......

The United States had to find a real war because there was a conflict going on in Afganistan that was going nowhere.  The made-up argument of WMD was enough to get the stupid Democrats to vote to go to war.  This useless war was enough to convince voters not to change horses in the middle of the stream.

"Bad reason to invade Iraq No. 1: Saddam was 'evil'"If BEING EVIL is the sole precondition for invading a nation, the UNITED STATES OF AMERIKA had better prepare for INVADING I-T-S-E-L-F.

The quagmire of Vietnam wasn't as bad as middle eastWho are these clowns that are trying to respawn, rewrite history, about the evil George Bush etc, we were in a time of war, our world trade center leveled and another 3rd plane sent for Washington, and after the destruction and Havoc, I read in  good article how the Bush beleived this part of the world to have WMD, The Dmocrats beleived this part of the world had WMD, and Bill Clinton, Hillary and John Kerry and any relevant democrate beleived this part of the world wanted to do us harm.   and even the American public who gave Bush a second term beleived this ti be TRUE, and it was true, and no only did allow Iraq to carry out its own sentancing in Suddam- we have changed the middle east forever and actually changed future generations.  But please don't beleive the silly nonsense that we didn't change a single thing and Bush was evil and all of this was some how a big mis understanding? Are you crazy? ... no wait I will ask you again - are you crazy?  I think we all feel safer - deep down inside no matter what political agenda we beleive in. After all Obama adopted all of the GOP strategies when considering the middle east- and that you can take to the bank!

"Saddam was evil." "Enhancing US security?" Was that the goal? You guys accomplished exactly what you wanted to. Our Jewish hijacked government successfully suckered the American people into giving up their children and their tax dollars to obliterate Iraq for the purpose of solidifying Israel's tyranny in the middle east, and furthering the Jewish agenda of tyranny over all of us. Of course all of that was based on the Jewish/Mossad abomination of 9/11. One Jewish abomination after another. One can only imagine God's judgement on you people. Extra crispy Jew anyone?

The same criminals in Washington that sold us the war in Iraq now are trying to sell us a war in iran.

Revising history is so much fun. I can be anyone I want to be. I can be Bill Gates. i can be a porn star. I can be right about absolutely everything and anything. I just love doing this!!

WOW, what limited memory we have ! Bush was obviously helping the Saudis to figure out a way to get rid of Sadam. 911 was the perfect catalist and excuse. We got played by the Bush administration.  Bush and Chenny should have been brought up on war crimes ! For the murder of thousands of innocent lives ,including our own men and women! There was Zero reasons to march in Iraq , and do what we did there. 0 !

The rest of the world perceiving us as imperialist will only end when we bring ALL of our troops home. This country is broke and can't afford to police the world anymore especially since we have chosen the path of socialism in this country. Sadly, we will have to protect our borders now.

Of course afterwards everyone is going to say it was a bad idea to go in.  Same thing is going on now.  Just look at these boards everyone is supporting invading Iran or North Korea.  Later on everyone is going to say oh I was always against it.  The president of the time forced me to believe it was the right thing to do.

saddamm killed 300k over 25 yrs- george killed 150K over 5 yrs- HEY CHECK OUT MY "THE SIEGE" MOVIE the one w denzell

We were embarking on a fundamentally new policy,” Mr. Cheney wrote. “We are dealing here with evil people.”Yea right-  like bringing in your favored company Haliburton to rape the Iraq of it's oil.Anyone realize Cheny was Vice President of Haliburton ?  A no bid contract offered to them with no competitionAnyone realize they ( Haliburton ) were over billing 30 million a month for years -  until they were caught red handed !What about in 2003 when Rumsfeld went on TV and stated some one stole 6 trillion dollars from our National Treasuery6 TRILLION PEOPLE-  more then half our deficit at that timeWhere did the money go ?Talk about evil-  who is feeding the beast here ?

Everybody's a general after the battle.The fact that Saddam was evil is all that we required. Stop defending him, you commies.

All the things that Bush and his henchmen said about Saddam and Iraq are the very things that they themselves were. All of these war criminals...Bush,Cheney,Tenet,Rumsfeld,Rice,Powell and the rest of them...Tony Blair...must be tried for war crimes.

George bush blew up the towers! Immortal technique tells best.. Government is evil!

I thought the #1 reason to invade Iraq was because of the confluence of George W. Bush and a bunch of UN resolutions that were repeated poo-pooed by Saddam.  Be thankful that Obama is Present now!

Kissinger, US intelligence community endorse “World Without Israel”[Editor's note: The source for the alleged US intelligence community report Preparing for a Post-Israel Middle East, Franklin Lamb, has not yet responded to requests to authenticate the report's existence. Gordon Duff, Editor of Veterans Today, states that he has contacted sources in the intelligence agencies that supposedly wrote the report. These sources categorically deny its existence. Common sense supports Duff: What intelligence agency personnel could get away with telling this much truth in an official document?! So what we may have here is a two-part psy-op, designed as a fund-raiser for Israel, that backfired. The Israelis love to raise money for AIPAC, the ADL and their other front organizations, by panicking wealthy Jewish donors: "GIVE US MONEY NOW OR ISRAEL IS DOOMED!" But they're reaching the point of diminishing returns, like the proverbial boy who cried "wolf!" In today's world, when the Zionists try to squeeze money out of Jewish pockets by screaming "ISRAEL IS DOOMED" the only reaction they get is an overwhelming roar of approval of Israel's impending demise from around the globe.]Henry Kissinger and sixteen American intelligence agencies agree that in the near future, Israel will no longer exist.By Kevin Barrett,Press TVSep 30, 2012Iran's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has been vilified in the Western media for daring to imagine “a world without Israel.” But according to news reports, Henry Kissinger and sixteen American intelligence agencies agree that in the near future, Israel will no longer exist. The New York Post quotes Kissinger “word for word”: "In 10 years, there will be no more Israel".Kissinger's statement is flat and unqualified. He is not saying that Israel is in danger, but could be saved if we just gave it additional trillions of dollars and smashed enough of its enemies with our military. He is not saying that if we elect Netanyahu's old friend Mitt Romney, Israel could somehow be salvaged. He is not saying that if we bomb Iran, Israel might survive. He is not offering a way out. He is simply stating a fact: In 2022, Israel will no longer exist.The US Intelligence Community agrees, though perhaps not on the precise 2022 expiration date. Sixteen US intelligence agencies with a combined budget over USD70 billion have issued an 82-page analysis titled “Preparing for a Post-Israel Middle East.” The US intelligence report observes that the 700,000 Israeli settlers illegally squatting on land stolen in 1967 - land that the entire world agrees belongs to Palestine, not Israel - are not going to pack up and leave peacefully. Since the world will never accept their ongoing presence on stolen land, Israel is like South Africa in the late 1980s.The extremist Likud coalition governing Israel, according to the US intelligence report, is increasingly condoning and supporting rampant violence and lawlessness by illegal settlers. The report states that the brutality and criminality of the settlers, and the growing apartheid-style infrastructure including the apartheid wall and the ever-more-draconian system of checkpoints, are indefensible, unsustainable, and out of synch with American values.The sixteen US intelligence agencies agree that Israel cannot withstand the coming pro-Palestinian juggernaut consisting of the Arab Spring, the Islamic Awakening, and the rise of the Islamic Republic of Iran.In the past, dictatorships in the region kept a lid on the pro-Palestinian aspirations of their people. But those dictatorships began to topple with the fall of the pro-Israel Shah of Iran in 1979 and the establishment of a democratic Islamic Republic, whose government had little choice but to reflect its people's

All those in the Bush Administration who preached for war are guilty -and should be accountable and face the ICC -the war that Isreal wanted to get rid of Saddam- tje guilty party is the UN - corrupt up to now