Do you ever get the feeling that we are all just drifting farther and farther away from each other?

I think if a man is conviceted of rape, his thing should get cut off.

Anyone that thinks an aspirin between the knees will prevent conception suffers from a lack of imagination. Time, patience, creativity, and/or flexibility are all you really need.

Sitte is an IDIOT. Rape is perhaps the most horrific experience that can happen to anyone, whether woman or man. It's a violation of the body and of the spirit. For someone like Sitte to come along and say that rape victims should be prohibited from having abortions because it's the equivalent of capital punishment for their babies is INSANE. I think we all know what will happen if ND bans abortions. Women will simply go somewhere else to get them, or to get the drugs that cause them so they can abort at home without the state government looking on.

They are going to outlaw abortions, but will also be screaming when women who can't afford to have another child gets public assistance because the rich people will just drive or fly across state line to have abortions.  Wish Republicans would mind their own business.

Have to love conservatives, always for small government, unless it has to do with women's reproductive rights or education.

and then the GOP wonder why they have an image problem???????Always treating women as second class citizens!

There are going to be a lot more "miscarriages" in North Dakota after the governor signs this into law.

They won't be able to do this without violating Roe v.Wade. It's that simple.

And they wonder why America is laughing at the GOP.Pro-Life women are the ones that survived the beating that their Pro-Life husbands gave them when they thought they had freedom to choose.

"Rape is a horrible crime. It is absolutely devastating," Sitte said. "But do we believe in capital punishment for those children?" – Here's what I have to say, "But, what about the mother who is forced to give birth her rapist’s child?"

In theory human life can start "before" conception if two sperm or two eggs collapse into each other. Human life does start "after" conception whenever identical twins come into existence. These exceptions invalidate human life starting "at" conception and, show life as continuous. The issue is where the line is drawn. The Bible, Anglo-Saxon law and, a "point of viability" induced birth place the fetus becoming a person at birth. When the fetus in formation is given equal rights to life with the mother in pregnancy complication situations both die. If priority is given to the mother she can usually be saved and go on to have other children. Consent to having a child should be based on the "intent" of having sex. If the purpose of having sex was anything other than having children, consent is not granted to become pregnant. If consent is not granted a pregnancy is forced. Force allows for self defense by abortion.

What happened to LIFE, LIBERTY AND THE PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS?  Who made all these extreme politicians god/kings?

Here's an idea - up to 31% of pregnancies end in miscarriage. BUT, since ND now wants to declare that an embryo is a living being, you may now take out a $1 million life insurance policy on that life once you find out you're pregnant. You know, just in case. See how that would sit with all those Big Insurance Corporation lobbyists that fund these nutcase Right Wing "pro-life" groups, hmmm....?

Will there be a clause requiring the "father" to pay child support for the first 18 years, whether or not he wants the kid?

I am sure that enforcing these new laws will be a simple task for the police and prosecutors.

"Sitte said she doesn't think women should abort pregnancies resulting from rape. "Why does she get a say but not those affected women?

Some conservatives believe that an aspirin, held between the knees of a female, can prevent pregnancy. A different placement might prove more effective.A large aspirin (500 mg +) can be used as a contraceptive, if it is forcefully inserted into the male, at the 'point' of arousal.Difficult to get a woman pregnant when you have other things in your 'head'.Even the threat of trying this would have a contraceptive effect.

Republicans, by all means if you don't believe in abortion, don't have one!  Often people democrat and republican who don't believe in abortions end up having one if their situation is dire enough.Republicans are Pro-Choice, as long as it is THEIR CHOICE.

Why cant you righties just mind your own business?

One again the party that is going to save us from to much government control has spoken!  Well at least those that can afford to fly to a neighboring state will be able to afford one, those cant will simply go on the public dole and have the rest of us pay for an unwanted child, great plan republicans.

Time for the Supreme Court to lay the smackdown on these state laws....

Anyone ever read Freakonomics?I'm still conflicted about what it said about legalized abortion reducing the crime rates...I'm conflicted because I'm afraid it may be true.

The war on women continues........

Sitte is an idiot, she was the only Rep in ND a law requiring people to report missing kids after so many hours.  WHY:  Because she said that then Mary and Joseph would have been guilty when Jesus was taken away?  #$%$  I'm embarrassed to be from ND with this crazy legislature.  Ready to move when hubby retires.  I even think this was on youtube.

This law is blatantly unconstitional under Roe v. Wade.  What will happen is this.  As soon as the law is signed, the state will be sued in federal district court and the court will issue an injunction prohibiting the state from enforcing the law during the pendency of the case. The state will spend hundreds of thousands of taxpayer dollars preparing to defend the law in court.  The federal court will find the law blatantly unconstitutional on its face under Roe v. Wade.  The state will Appeal to the 8th Circuit Court of Appeals and will spend hundreds of thousands of additional taxpayer dollars preparing for the appeal.   The 8th circuit will summarily affirm the lower court.  The state will appeal to the US Supreme Court and will spend hundreds of thousands of additional taxpayer dollars preparing for the appeal.  The Supreme Court grants certiori (agrees to hear a case) in only 1 to 2 percent of cases.  Because the law is so blatantly and obviously unconstitutional under Roe v. Wade, the Supreme Court will deny cert.  Case closed.  North Dakota will have the dubious distinction of having spent millions of taxpayer dollars in enacting and defending a law that everyone knew, on its face, was unconstitutional.  All this from a state of tea baggers whose primary whine has always been government overspending.

The American Taliban is alive and its headquarters is in North Dakota

As usual Republican laws, if imposed, will only affect those too poor to go off to another state or hire a physician willing to perform the procedure for the right price. Bottom line. The Republican rich controlling the poor. Same old story from the Republican party.That is why it is NORTH Dakota , cold , frigid , barren .....like this women's skull .  Abortion , ( to my mind)  is a woman's choice to be made , individually . If there is this HUGE question , ? put it to a vote ! A Women's only vote , let them decide .    The state has decided IT will take care of all these unwanted children ?  Which means ultimately , you and me !

These laws will just get overturned in court and the republicans know it. What a great way to waste tax payer dollars.

Sick, sick, sick.  So much for government staying out of your private life.  These people are NOT Americans.  They are simply small minded, superstitious, bigots who would deny others  access to LEGAL medical care simply because they disagree with the practice.  Throughout history there have been people who believe that they are the only ones with the "truth.". The important point here is that they've always been wrong, completely and totally wrong.  These ignorant fools would require women who've been raped or whose lives are in danger to carry to term.  Why is the non-person, unborn fetus more valuable than the mother, who can, reasonably be expect to have other pregnancies that may be healthy? Or the young man who goes to war?  Why? Because these people are complete hypocrites whose lives are so void and empty that they feel mandated to tell others how to live.  They should have been aborted so the rest of us didn't have to deal with their lunacy, hypocrisy, hatred and fear.

Perhaps corporations, insurance companies and governmental leaders concerned with abortion and contraception should consider a more pro-active and positive approach. Women that become pregnant (who are covered by the company's health plan), and choose to have the baby, will be paid for all work hours missed (even if she does not work for that company, in the case of a spouse), receive all medical care during the pregnancy free of deductibles and co-pays, give the woman credit for any time lost, allow her to gain any benefits she would have been able to get, had she been in the workplace, physically (promotions, benefits, and pay increases) and will get 6 weeks of paid leave after the birth.I know this won't happen because American society does not really value parenthood. We pay lip-service to the idea of the value of a stay-at-home mom, but if the family has no breadwinner, the mom needs to put the kids in day care and find something to keep her out of the house for 40+ hours a week.

Why do republicans think it’s wrong for Goverment to spend money regulating business, but it’s perfectly fine for Government to spend money regulating morality?

Perhaps corporations, insurance companies and governmental leaders concerned with abortion and contraception should consider a more pro-active and positive approach. Women that become pregnant (who are covered by the company's health plan), and choose to have the baby, will be paid for all work hours missed (even if she does not work for that company, in the case of a spouse), receive all medical care during the pregnancy free of deductibles and co-pays, give the woman credit for any time lost, allow her to gain any benefits she would have been able to get, had she been in the workplace, physically (promotions, benefits, and pay increases) and will get 6 weeks of paid leave after the birth.I know this won't happen because American society does not really value parenthood. We pay lip-service to the idea of the value of a stay-at-home mom, but if the family has no breadwinner, the mom needs to put the kids in day care and find something to keep her out of the house for 40+ hours a week.

Teach abstinence only "education", pretend kids wont notice hormonal changes, and care about fetuses only when they are fetuses-once you are born, the utopian idealists couldnt care less.

Why is it the repubs want less government until it has to do with a woman's right to choose?  Just one more in a long list of reasons why I will NEVER vote for a repub.

Those sexually assaulted "will be forced to carry to term." This is an excellent, positive psychological health aid (facetious) for the women go through. That will teach them to get raped! Then what becomes of the child after birth? Think Mom will want to be a mom?, or give the child up? What is the diathesis the newborn will inherit and carry from the father?,, who was obviously a well adjusted member of society.

Abortion rights is one obvious example of conservative hypocrisy.  You people are always barfing up outrage about your "liberty" being threatened, but then stick your obnoxious  noses into issues like abortion and who can marry who! Mind your own business!Abortion is no ones business but the individuals

Why do Republicans believe more abortion laws will stop abortions but more gun laws won't stop gun violence?

funny how men are STILL getting to decide what women do with our bodies.  If you do not want or believe in abortion, don't have one.  and if you force women to carry unwanted babies, don't call them "welfare mothers" or deny them social services.  or pre school, or WIC or anything else.  and adopt special needs children.  put your money where your mouth is.  but that's expecting to much from the anti's.

A society with children that lack basic living needs is barbaric.

So if abortions are outlawed, where does get an abortion??? Go across the border?  Get the old rusty hanger out of the closet???  Plan B at the pharmacy???  There are plenty of other ways.

Republicans using public money for political reasons. This is why they will lose in 2014 and 2016. SCOTUS has already ruled on this.

would women who miscarry be charged with neglect?

I've just completed adding a statement to our retail website that says if the buyer is a resident of North Dakota, 50% of his or her purchase will be donated to Planned Parenthood of North Dakota. If you're anti-women I don't want you as a customer.

Since a woman that has a child (even if she gives it up for adoption) is statistically likely to earn less in her lifetime than a woman that has not had a child, would taxpayers be willing to make up the difference in order to have a say in her medical decisions?

What about the day after pill?  Like you would not just have a massive black market with that.Killing fetuses and preventing pregnancy provides no voyeuristic thrill. 'Pro-Birth' supporters want the baby to be born so that they can have the pleasure of watching when these lives end, tragically (like the Roman Circuses).

If someone that believes in the goals of Pre-TEAParty Republican Party is now called a RINO, and Libertarians are now called a Republicans; are those called Libertarians actually Anarchists?

We should also make contraceptive sabotage a felony.

Give women panties with a picture of the face of Rand Paul. A value contraceptive; it can be washed and reused many times.

Abortions laws only effect the poor, daughters of the rich will ALWAYS have safe and legal access.

Most people wants a government that will stay out of their business, their bedroom, and their wallet, but they are upset when that same government is unable to achieve the outcomes they desire.My very conservative cousin is very upset because her county government is unable to force one of her neighbors to remove the rat-infested junk yard that they have created, and also because of the squatters that they are unable to evict from her land. But she likes the low taxes.

The American Taliban strikes again!

Abstinence and celibacy for most people are myths. The evidence is in the priestly pedophile crisis and the over shadowed priestly paternity crisis. Abstinence and celibacy are supposed to be practiced. It does not happen. With ordinary people who are supposed to save themselves for marriage; abstinence, celibacy and chastity does not happen either. Republicans are passing legislation based on fantasies or lies. Get rid of them !!!

Apparently conservatives lawmakers in ND didn't get the RNC memo on how to remake the Republican Party.  Why any woman would vote for these neanderthals is a mystery.

Will one of you republican geniuses please explain to the class HOW the GOP plans to attract more women to the party if they keep pushing medieval agendas like this? It's like the KKK trying to recruit more blacks.I thought Republicans were all about freedom. What happened to that notion?

doesn't it make you feel all warm and fuzzy inside knowing that we as females don't have to worry with thinking for ourselves? we've got the government "thinking" for us.that leaves me a lot more time to.....to clean, cook, and have them babies.

N. Dakota:  oil and cavemen.

Are the N Dakota legislators planning to pass laws that will completely support women and children for the first 5 years of the child's life?  Who is going to take care of the large numbers of children produced which possibly no one is going to want?  Do these people ever think things completely through?  If I was a medical doctor in N Dakota involved in gynecology or fertility I would definitely be making plans to move somewhere else.  This whole thing sounds like a  disaster in the making.

You know that the next thing will be all the screaming about all the baies being a burden on the "taxpayers". Can't wait until they cut off Food Stamps and Housing for the children and they start dying of hunger and exposure.

So is this really what the religious right thinks of women?  The are nothing but brood mares not capable of dictating their own path in life?  It would appear that is exactly how they think of women.

This needs to go to the supreme court.  Except for the most stupid conservative activists (like silent Thomas or nutcase Alito), there is no way an early embryo can be defined as a person.  Saying early abortion is "killing children" whips up simpletons, but will NEVER be law.

I smell a civil war coming on.  These politicians from both extremes are really getting out of control and we need to get them out of office ASAP.

These folks citing a fertilized egg as a "gift" from God need to get a grip. Every conception may be a miracle, but not all conceptions are blessings. The Almighty may indeed have designed the means by which life begins, but it is oftentimes a capricious and arbitrary process. Eggs are viable for only about 18 hours, a bit of time one direction or another, a slight variation in hormone levels, can result in delight for some and despair for others. A sperm meeting an egg, penetrating the egg and transferring dna is simply biology, nothing more. The ramifications for the woman involved are biological, economical, emotional, physical. It is her decision and hers alone to determine the future of her being, not the government. Fail, ND.

With all these "conservatives" who keep trying to ban abortion, I had three abortions just before lunch today.  You'd better stock up too.At the point the fetus is viable, I would be in favor of allowing instant adoption for the fetus. When the host releases the viable fetus, the new parent signs the one page adoption and gets full legal and financial responsibility. Suggest that to your representatives.

The US Constitution says, "The rights of the people to be secure in their persons...shall not be violated".  Can it be any clearer that the government cannot look inside your body?   If you are going to respect the 2nd Amendment, then show some respect for the 4th Amendment!

The important thing is to put idealogy above things like respect for the health and well being of living breathing adults.Rape victim? Too bad.  Mother's life at risk? Tough luck. We have idealogy to force onto the masses at once - all Taliban style.Documenting once again - anyone who sees abortion as a simple black and white issue is not to be trusted.

And the Supream Court ruled today that North Dakota is a total waste of courts time.

Another crazy move from the Republican party of "freedom and less government interference in our lives".

The GOP says it needs to make the message clear....this is the message and it's very clear.

Modern science has progressed to the point that they can keep a 21 week old fetus alive outside the womb. Perhaps women the don't want to have a baby should deliver at 21 weeks and place the child up for adoption. The law could be re-written so that these babies could be instantly adopted (sign here, new parent). Minimal paperwork.If the fetus has been aborted, legally it might be easier to arrange for an adoption. Laws that concern a fetus still within the womb are more complicated for adoption purposes (rights of the biological parents and grandparents in some states). Currently, most (maybe all) states don't allow for adoption prior to birth and a confusing mass of laws exist that need to be sorted out before we could see a solution (Which mother is the biological mother: the provider of the egg or the owner of the womb?, Does the birth mother have the right to renege on a promise to allow adoption?, What are the rights of the sperm provider?, etc.).

Gotta love how states think it's ok to trample all over the Constitution. The Supreme Court has already heard the abortion debate and determined it is protected under the right to privacy. We cannot strip away a woman's Constitutional rights without setting a precedent for our other rights to be stripped away as well.

I think the government need to stay out of it that between a woman and god , her body not no one else such decide what she can do or not do. im nether for or against abortions that for that person to decide and live with.

What moron comes up with this? Why not try and follow Arizona by proclaiming that life begins before conception. Why are women still fighting to do what they want with their bodies? Men have that right, why don't women? It's 2013, get over it!It's my body and I'll do what I want, when I want with it.In a time when over population is destroying mother earth, and the government at all levels has no business in our bedrooms someone please explain why abortion should be banned.  The poor are the ones mostly affected by anti abortion-Medicaid does not yet distribute birth control and if you check the cost of a months birth control you will know why the poor have so many kids.  And please don't say they shouldn't have sex instead ask yourself if you can stop having sex

At the point the fetus is viable, I would be in favor of allowing instant adoption for the fetus. When the host releases the viable fetus, the new parent signs the one page adoption and gets full legal and financial responsibility. Suggest that to your representatives.

If men got pregnant and were forced to carry a child I have to wonder if any of this would have ever been an issue.

We need a National DNA Database with Mandatory Registration, to match parents with their children, so they can be forced to pay for their care.

The only proven way to reduce the rate of abortions is to make a selection of contraceptives available to people and provide sexual education. Outlawing abortion has been proven to not reduce abortion rates, but does criminalize desperate people, increase the costs of law enforcement, and increase the dangers from back alley abortions. But it does offer anti-abortionists some measure of emotional satisfaction. The lowest rates of abortion and teen pregnancy in the world are in the northern European countries, where abortions are legal and safe, all citizens have access to free birth control, and sex education is mandatory in schools. The Philippines also has low abortion rates and they do outlaw abortion, but I hardly hold that country up as a model for our own.

Based on passing a "life begins at conception" personhood law, one immediate effect would be that any hormone-based birth control method would become illegal because it would be deemed murder.

Soon they will ciminalize the wasting of water, since sperm contains a certain amount of water.

WHAT IS WRONG WITH PEOPLE?  The USA used to be a FREE country.  If "God" does not want a person to have an abortion, they will be judged at the Pearly Gates.  Also, stop trying to take away our guns.   POLITICIANS, YOU HAVE ENOUGH PROBLEMS TO DEAL WITH, GO DO YOUR JOBS REGARDING THE ECONOMY, DEBT AND DEFICIT SPENDING!!!

Sitte's motivation is based on the false idea that a fetus is a complete child. Physically, the incompletely formed fetus is not able to live outside the womb, even with the assistance of an incubator. Psychologically, even if it were able to live outside the womb, the nervous system would not be able to deal with the outside environment. The incomplete fetus should not have the same value as the complete mother. Medically, in pregnancy complication situations treating both equally kills both. Socially, Sitte's concept results in forced pregnancies.

These old biddys and old geezers will probably start ordering the measurement of womens bellys to see if they are pregnant. They will become horrible facists.women tend to NOT vote for politicians who make her vagina his business. between the women voters and the gay voters repugs have a LOOOOOOONG way to go before they'll ever win another election.

The GOP will regret trying to ride the horse of extremism to the finish line.  America has accepted abortion and, frankly, given the option of abortion or increased social spending on unwanted, unplanned children, higher crime/murder rates and general disruption - I choose abortion.  And so do most Americans. N Dakota wants to be a test case - I hope and pray they fail.

When the far right mandates that a child born out of unwanted pregnancy is clothed, fed and sheltered until they are 18 years old, then maybe they can start thinking about banning abortion.  You can't have it both ways, you can gripe and moan about welfare and then expect a low income mother to raise an unwanted child that she cannot afford.

So if a woman crosses the state line to have an abortion and returns to North Dakota - although why she would return is baffling - is she going to be charged with murder?

Sitte should be impeached for lack of brain cells.

Repubs are so funny!! 2016 will be easy as hell, kept up the stone age work you far rights nuts. If my wife was raped I would like to see anyone tell me that she has to carry the fetus (not child) to term.

Abortion and cutting taxes on the rich is all the repubs care about,they blow smoke aboutother things but have a laser concentration on these two issues. I live in Kansas,I know

Ladies, you have to keep your legs crossed in North Dakota.

North Dakota Contraception Plan: Give women panties with a picture of the face of Bill O'Reilly.

Of course, an aging and dwindling population base has some play in this decision, and not strictly based on religious beliefs.But there's little guarantee this will spur on a new generation of offspring and exponentially increase the future tax base.In fact, repressive laws tend to chase the youth out of its geographical footprint, even if there's an oil boom.Let's talk about it in 10 years and see the resultsEveryone of the lawmakers passing this should be required to adopt some of the unwanted babies in their state. It's real easy to sit on your high horse and preach, but much harder to live it.

Contraception and abortion are ECONOMIC issues. Society pays a cost, at some level, for every economic decision made. Does our society want to pay those costs in advance, or wait for the situation to compel us to pay the other costs of our choices.

Just thinking  , would a woman having a miscarriage have to defend herself against having caused the death of her unborn ? How would they differentiate between a spontaneous abortion and a induced one ???  In Nazi Germany where abortion also was illegal miscarriages were often considered suspicious , some times leading to persecution .

How many pro-lifers r going 2 adopt these unwanted children?

This is a step toward facism, plain and simple.

can redumblicans get any more stupid? yes, they can....

What do you call a couple that practices the Rhythm Method? Parents.

" person hood" who makes this stuff up?

What happens when religious Republicans get power? They overstep their mandate an cause trouble. It is only a matter of time before the backlash begins, just like it did when they injected themselves in the Terry Schiavo affair.Republicans know these laws will not stand because they are unconstitutional, and have been deemed so by the courts, over and over again. So all this grandstanding is for show.

Odd how Republicans preach about government staying out of peoples' business. But when it comes to women's rights, they move heaven and earth to dictate what a woman can and can't do regarding what is arguably the most personal decision a woman can make, as well as a very emotionally traumatic experience in many cases, like pregnancy from rape. Also, someone needs to refresh their memory on Roe v. Wade.And ban in vitro fertilization??? Many couples who opt for in vitro do so because the woman has a fertile egg, but has had complications and even miscarriages in the past. In vitro allows these couples to have their own children. The disconnect some politicians have, as well as their obsessive need to control women's decisions with a total disregard to a Supreme Court decision is a disgrace.Prolifers always think that being prochoice makes us monsters. We are prochoice because we are compassionate and do value life. I value the life of the mother and her rights. If a woman is not mentally, physically, financially, or emotionally able to carry a fetusto term, she should not be forced to. Also, if a fetusis going to be born with many defects causing a painful life, abortion needs to be taken into consideration. It is compassionate. Forcing a woman to carry a fetus to term is not compassionate.

North Dakota is living off the temporary "fat" of a small oil boom.  When it is gone, the state will return to being a windblown wheat farm.  Instead of looking the future, ND elects tea turd Christian morons to run their state- who waste their time with Christian Sharia law.

Outlawing abortions will not stop abortions, it will just send them underground. Before Roe v. Wade, thousands of women died every year due to infection and surgical mistakes caused by unlicensed "doctors" who performed back-alley abortions. It's scary to think that so many people have forgotten about that, and they actually believe that re-criminalizing abortion will cause women to remain virgins until their wedding night.

Our taliban is gradually coming out of the shell....

Smaller government. Hahaha

The highest court in our country has already decided that abortion is a right of the mother.   This won't stand.

I sure hope that young people start voting with their feet and leave these backwoods states like North Dakota and Arkansas far behind and head for more fair-minded pastures. The intelligence quotient for this country is starting to look like a very large V. Where the coasts have smart people and the level of intelligence drops precipitously as you approach the center the of the nation.

If they mansage to pass this law and the local shriff is pro-life and refuses to shut down an abortion clinic, just like the sheriff in Colorado who refuses to enforce new gun restrictions, what will you do about that.  The shrriff in Colorado is a local hero.  Will your local sheriff who will not shut down an abortion clinic be a hero too?  The knife cuts both ways folks.

This is such an interesting debate. There are plausible arguments for both sides. Rape and child abuse is horrific and having the victim remain with the constant reminder of the violence is incomprehensible. In this case there must be special consideration.On the flip side, you have the opinion of the mothers total disregard and respect for the life within her body, and that life has rights too. Good Discussion, lots of good points, and LOTS of emotion.

Welcome to Sharia law in America.I see the Religious Right have dug in.  Not too hard to get a majority in such a small population.  If these wackos had as much respect for the First Amendment's separation of church and state as they do for the Second Amendment this sort of thing wouldn't happen.  The family I have in NoDak have enough common sense to run these bums out of office and I assume the rest of the population does too.

Give women panties with a picture of the face of Rand Paul. A value contraceptive; it can be washed and reused many times.

Im not a lib or a con, but you religious right-wingers are the worst, you don't want the government to tell you what to do, but you want the church or your religion to tell others what to do. You want small goverment, except when it comes to abortion and gay marriage.You're pro-life, but pro death penalty. You don't want abortions, but don't want contraception either. You want unfit parents to have children they cant afford, yet want to cut social funding that would help these people, then you want to punish people who knew they couldn't afford to raise a baby for not raising their baby. You are a very confused group.

However you feel about this it is unlikely to pass court scrutiny as Roe Vs Wade is the law of the land and Abortion per se is not illegal unless the U.S. Supreme Court says so.

Why not outlaw women altogether! They don't have any rights anyplace.

All republican lawmakers are sufficiently wealthy and have a choice; plus the means to go in vacation for a month in another state and take care the unwanted pregnancy. They are against dependency and  create dependency  with legislation by limiting the woman freedom of choice. The second amendment protect the freedom to carry assault weapons capable to massacre innocent children's, but can't protect  the freedom of a woman choice. Sexual drive is the very natural reason for our existence and  girls some time fall victim of unwanted pregnancy.Did they legislate about the boys responsibilities?

Republican congressmen are all pro-life... until their mistresses get pregnant.

Did they get rid of the amendment freedom of choice in this country?

JohnA, I call myself a Conservative, but I may be liberal in many ways which some liberals aren't.  I think marijuana should be legal; I believe in assisted suicide for terminal patients, I don't believe in capital punishment; I believe too many policemen are thugs with a badge.  But I am a Christian and believe that  abortion is terribly wrong; big government, which reaches into and controls our lives is nothing short of tyranny.

This is just another sign that our politicians are unable to do their primary job.  Manage our finances and infrastructure on the city, county, state and federal level.  It's not YOUR job to tell a woman what she can do with her body.Obviously, reasonable people disagree and will never agree on this issue.  That is precisely why the government should not make these types of decision.  That goes against every conservative principle.

It sure would be nice if they were half as concerned about the exploitation of Chinese children that they buy products from. Christian nation my foot.

The majority of pro-lifers believe life begins at erection and ends at birth. They care nothing about the needs and well being of a child, once they are born.

Why dont right wing crazies defend a womans right to privacy like they defend their right to their guns?They are both protected under the Constitution

If half the population in a country belive that life begins at birth while the remainng half belive that life begins at conception there is only one way to resolve:- the first half can have their way with THEIR fetus and let in be born no matter what happens- the second half can do as they like and terminate the fetus if they like as long as there is no danger to the pregnant woman ( I refuse to call her mother at this point)Why is there a constant fight about this often getting to a point where it becomes a major issue in presedential eelctions?

The Jains in India implore people not to kill even insects, and PETA people implore people not to murder and consume sentient animals who obviously feel pain.  This is their right, to implore. Abortion nuts have equal rights, to implore but not to legislate their own beliefs.

This can't be good for a state where the motto is "Incest is Best"!!!

what about pregnancies from rape? if they say that the rape pregnancy must be carried full term I see a lot of class action lawsuits happening as a result

The GOP's first step in making the party more acceptable to women voters

so much for the constitution - no respect at all for a women's rights - how much longer before these WACKOS try to take away everyone (poor peoples) rights?Think about it people - if we continue to let the extremes take over soon we will have nothing left - except of course the privilege of SERVING the over privileged in this country -This state is addressing this issue because they have solved all their other problems like unemployment,homeless vets,hungry children and low wages.Oh wait.

Again, more extremes demanding to control OUR LIVES.   This is as much a joke as the lefties wanting to take away our guns.   STOP THIS NONSENSE AND DO YOUR JOBS IMPROVING THE ECONOMY, FIXING THE BUDGET AND REDUCING THE DEBT.

This is what Republicans do with power, fight Abortions instead of getting people Jobs.

I really wish all you people were as interested in the Soda ban that NYC was trying to pass a couple of weeks ago.   ALL OF THESE BANS NEED TO BE STOPPED, OUR GOVERNMENT IS OUT OF CONTROL, from both sides of the aisle.  America is land of the free, not land of the politicians. THEY WORK FOR US.  They are not gods or kings.

women = broodmares for christ

The goal of the Pro-Birth Movement: Let them be born, make them suffer and kill them at 18. If the laws would allow it, they would herd them into an arena and charge admission to watch them die.

Will both extremes, right and left GO AWAY!!!!  Stop trying to have 100% control over others.

If you have a "gleam" in your eye fellas, and you don't act on it, soon in North Dakota, you'll be under arrest.

If EVERY government program was voted upon, EVERY one would probably get more than 50% support.

If it's all about "the womans body and right to choose", why is idiot Bloomberg trying to ban 32 oz. sodas in NY?Call this what it is.  Forced birth.  This is about controling women and nothing more.

The abortion people always say if you don't like abortion don't have one. I can agree with that statement, but would take it one step further. If you don't like the laws in North Dakota don't live there. At some point people will have to come to an understanding that there are some topics we simply will not agree on and agree to disagree. I don't like state income taxes and prefer a state sales tax, so I live in a state that does not have income tax. This really all comes down to minding your own business. The people of North Dakota obviously voted in the elected officials that vote for this so they must be ok with it. If you don't live in North Dakota then it doesn't really affect you. Tolerance goes both way and demanding tolerance while showing none is always a dead give away to your true motives.

Pass that law and I bet there'll be alot more buttphukin goin' on In North Dakota!

Why won't they define ALL life as sacred?  Once you get born, these same extremists couldn't care less if you're healthy, educated or go off to war.  Just force 'em to be born. Regardless of the fact that IT'S NOT THEIR BUSINESS.  Believe what you want but: STAY THE HELL OUT OF MY LIFE UNTIL YOU ARE PERFECT AS THE PERSON YOU CLAIM TO EMULATE.

North Dakota to finally own up to being #$%$.

So an embryo is considered a person in order to prevent murderous abortions. And this bill allows tens or hundreds of embryos to be destroyed to create 1 viable pregnancy.   Interesting logic.

What SD needs to do is quit nibbling around the edges of their real goal of taking the vote away from women and legalizing slavery. After that, they can declare only white male land holders supreme rulers.

FACT:"Legalized abortion has contributed significantly to crime reductions. Crime began to fall roughly eighteen years after abortion legalization. The five states that allowed abortion in 1970 experienced declines earlier than the rest of the nation, which legalized in 1973 with Roe v. Wade. States with high abortion rates in the 1970s and 1980s experienced greater crime reductions in the 1990s. Legalized abortion appears to account for as much as 50 percent of the recent drop in crime."Forcing people to bring unwanted children into the world absolutely contributes to LOTS of social problems.  Who are you people "saving" by outlawing abortion?

Withhold all federal funds to N.D. until they repeal this unconstitutional law!!! God knows N.D., like every other red state, is 100% dependent upon the federal government!

Why would they pay attention to someone with a lot of book learnin? She's a woman!?!Abortions all around!!!

Abortion is simply wrong, but if you outlaw it we will have a black market on abortion with people performing abortion without proper training, a steril environment, and emergency protacol.  It's best to be done by trained doctors and nurses.  But I think 3rd trimester abortions should be totally illegal, except in an emergency case.

thank god a state with a heart !   ALL LIFE is precious !     If you don't want to get pregnant ladies KEEP YOUR LEGGS CLOSED!

This will get shot down by the courts.  Stupid politicians wasting there time instead of getting important things done.

So abortion offends you... Big deal. Your religious approval shouldn't be necessary for women to have equal rights and personal freedom. You're perfectly free to be offended by whatever offends you. Christian Republicans obnoxiously forcing their narrow religious views down everyone's throat offends me... But I don't think you should be treated less than equal under the law or have your freedom of choice limited.

If these lousy bums think we are going back to 'coat hangar' abortions again, they are in for a rude awakening.

Abouit time  a govt stood up for what was right and moral.Saw a post todayits up to a $25,000 fine to harm a Bald eagle egg or nest,But its sanctioned and paid for by in  some cases by the govt to kill unborn children.

Great for North Dakota.  This has nothing to do with religion.  If murder is against the law, then why do we allow the murder of innocent babies?  Put them up for adoption, instead of indiscriminately killing them.

"North Dakota looks at more abortion restrictions"North Dakota is an abortion!!!!

These legislators in North Dakota are some of the most stupid people you would meet anywhere on earth.  Imagine, if you can, an entire State Capitol Building filled with wingnuts who can fully relate to Christine ODonnell's "it's not enough to be abstinent with other people you have to be abstinent with yoursel;" or Mourdock "God intended it if pregnancy happens through rape;" or  Akin "you can't get pregnant through rape because your body has a way of shutting that whole thing down;" or Palin "if humans evolved from monkeys why aren't monkeys still evolving into humans."  These people are really that stupid.  You can't make these things up.God bless you, North Dakotans, we must do everything we can to stop the killing of unborn babies  -  I won't use their euphemism, abortion.

Just wait until Obamacare kicks in. Talk about the government having a TOTAL SAY IN WHAT YOU CAN OR CAN'T DO!!!

Far too many women use abortion as a means of birth control. If you don't want to get pregnant, don't have sex. If you're going to have sex, use birth control. Most BC today is pretty effective.Take some responsibility for your actions.

ND "lawmakers" should pick up a newspaper from 40 YEARS AGO and read how this was decided by the Supreme Court. You lost, deal with it or die angry.

Yes old biddys in North Dakota, some things that you dont agree with do happen in a "free" country. Again, as I state to all the people like you, go start your own 'less free' country somewhere else. Your attempts to turn the clock back will fail.

I got one women who get an an abortion should have their vagina sewed shut, and leg straps that keep their legs from opening all the way.

We are all pro-life and would agree abortion is a terrible form of birth control.  However, the decision to have an abortion is one of personal choice that must not be interfered with.

Now THIS will be amusing to watch... They outlaw abortions, and someone reminds them of a little thing called FEDERAL LAW, and the fight of the century begins between the Evangelicals who insist "God's Law" trumps everything and normal people who know better. Then one of the Evangelicals decides to settle the issue with a gun or a home-made bomb...

North Dakota has gone off the deep end.

Give women panties with a picture of the face of Rand Paul.  A value contraceptive; it can be washed and reused many timesModern science proves that a human baby is "alive" in the mother's womb long before it can be killed. Does the organism metabolize? Does it maintain homeostasis? Does it possess a capacity to grow? Does it respond to stimuli? Then that human baby in the mother's womb is SCIENTIFICALLY alive!Just 21 days after conception, the human baby has an independent heartbeat, and the human baby's electrical brainwaves have been recorded as early as 40 days from conception. Tear a human baby limb from limb at 4 weeks into the pregnancy and you will find that it still is easily identifiable as a human baby, not a zebra, a trout, a frog or an orangutan.

Did Roe v. Wade do anything?Ever since that trial which should ended the debate its only gotten worst.

People can still stand up for their beliefs, even if some don't like them.   This is great news.  I am surprised the news media actually carried this story.

if republicans want to make abortion laws, the same law should state that the government will take care of the child and provide a happy lifestyle until that child becomes an adult. after all, the government is stepping into the role of the father or legal guardian by preventing the abortions. and for those that say that's what welfare is, it does not supply the kind of living a child deserves. it's amazing people want to force people to have children and then do not take responsibility for them.

Women with money will always be albe to access abortion which means a bunch of poor unwanted babies the tax payers will have to feed and provide health care for. Good plan...idiots.

Good grief.... If a woman wants to butcher her fetus/baby/ thing-a-mi-jig during the first 16 weeks then let her decide and live with it! Just make sure my tax dollars don't have to pay for it like Obama's 2012 platform demands .

government trying to CONTROL a woman's body!!!  where are all you republi--CON trolls who complain about government control???   seems two face to me!!!  republi--CONS are greedy, two face, evil liars, who protect the rich!!!  PRO RIGHTS!!!!

What the anti-choice pro-women's slavery advocates want is not equal rights for the unborn but greater rights.  Because nowhere do we, as a society, force one human being to use their body so another human being can live.  For example, if a two-day old infant will die unless his father gives him a blood transfusion, he cannot be forced to provide it.  But the wingnuts think they have the right to force a woman to use her body for nine months against her will, regardless of the adverse consequences, to carry an unwanted pregnancy to term.  I have as much right to your kidney and bone marrow to save the life of my nephew as you do demand I use my body to save the life of an unborn.

Liberals  you mean to tell us that women  has the right to chose  who lives and die.

I hear the financial supporters of anti-abortion legislation are those who profit from the apprehension and incarceration of criminals.Can we take the fetus dependent deduction on our taxes?

Pro-life is wanting every child to have a chance at life. Pro-choice just means someone wants to be able to kill another because they made a bad decision. Pro-choice is accually just pro-death, because the choice you want is death.

Gotta love bible bangers!!!.........Call you a killer, is you have a abortion, Call you a #$%$, when your an unwed mother. How, in all that is holy in this world, can they sleep at night?

So glad ND is doing this -- now all rational thinking republicans will finally realize what the GOP has become -- and vote for sane candidates in the future!

If they are forced to have these babies, then send the baby and the bill to each person that has signed off on this! They want them, then they'll have to care for them, don't put it on the taxpayers!

This will push our women to travel to foreign Country's, I call at abortions for the Rich, orpaying some body to du an abortion with a Coat hanger!What the States are doing is wrong, People are having abortion's anyway, why notgive a women her right to an abortion in a Clinic where at is clean, and safer for the women.At is not a Religion Issue, at is asserting power by the States over you and the women'sBody. In Texas at is money be taking away from the Health System, the GOP does notcare about the People that voted them in to Office, they care about them self's!

Fargo Republican Spencer Berry and Bismarck Republican Ralph Kilzer — voted for the proposals. "Clearly they would not vote to criminalize themselves," Jones said in a phone interview.That is the dumbest logic ever.  unless they are fertility specialists, or abortion providers, this will have no impact on them.  And I highly doubt they are even currently practicing medicine.

This should be the start, allow abortion advocates to leave certain states and live in places where abortion is allowed, and for anti-abortion adherents to move to states where abortion is banned or strictly regulated. The same issues should be applied to gay marriages, welfare programs, taxation, regulations, educational systems, labor practices, etc... so people can make a choice in accordance to their beliefs, preferred state laws but subjected to our US constitution. This is the only way to prevent a take over by any ideological, radical, or divisive president. So, abortion believers, illegals, gays, pedophiles, parolees, lazy obese takers, bums, can come to California.

What if the woman's life is in danger?  Like that case in Ireland last fall, where the woman died from complications of a miscarriage.  The doctors refused to do an abortion because the baaby still had a heartbeat.

A cell is not a person.  Cells die by the millions in your body every day.  A human being is more than just a collection of cells.  Indeed, at the end of life we often pull the plug on brain dead bodies that would not survive without medical intervention.  Does this mean we would need to keep those cells alive forever?Idiots. This will only give rise to back-alley, untaxed procedures. Better to have this legally out in the open, where it is safe and taxable.Funny how conservatives never learn from history. They are doomed to repeat their mistakes.

The purpose of this law is to get it challenged in the Supreme Court. Republicans want this Supreme Court to overturn Roe v Wade, which was settled law from an earlier Supreme Court ruling. If Justice Scalia retires before a challenge to  Roe v Wade  is brought before the court, the earlier court ruling will be upheld. The Republicans want the challenge heard by a conservative court in hopes that Roe will be overturned. Democrats on the other hand are waiting for Scalia to exit so that President Obama can appoint a pro Roe v Wade justice. It's a game of cat and mouse until then.

Here we go again with the standard arguments to strip away the meaning: separation of church and state--isn't this just a way for the religious right wing to foist their view of the world on the rest of us--stick up for your rights America, or it's back to the 1900's.

When is the supreme court going to stop this, there is a federal law they can't overrule.

Sounds as if Sitte is just another "Christian" trying to force her beliefs on everyone else.

Republicans: Please focus on these three topics. You must stop 47 major terrorist attacks like me and the the lives of 141,000 Americans. You must pay the government 11 trillion for Bush tax cuts that lost 60 million American jobs. America needs smarter Republicans.

Will the sheriffs who won't enforce "unjust" gun laws, enforce these laws?  Just a thought.

Sex is a choice.... Don't force me to condone abortion for your lack of responsibility.

Just outlaw sex and we will not have any abortions.

Any good lawyer could get the roe vs wade ruled unconstitutional. Their is one fact that makes it unconstitutional and that a man is held responsible for support if said is born and has not been properly givin a chance to defend his life, welfare and well being by alowing a man to have a abortion even if his is on paper, mens lives get ruined for as they say 18 to 20 years for a unwanted pregnancy. A man should be also be alowed to ask a court for a abortion , why not he has a life also. Other facters include if it born you pay support for a choice you have no say in. Men are just punished with no say or no rights and women are vindictive, they will have a child for money of what is really extortion and if not that reason they kill (abort ) the child to punish anouther human.. I say the easiest way is end all support and women are fully reasponsible for their actions regardless and the support issue will be outlawed. Sorry women you are slowly losing having your cake and eating it too. See as long as you want a man to support your child you will have to play fair, the law must be equal and fair to both sides. So to me abortion should be illeagal as long as a man shall have some responsibility, and if you wish to end us being as men not responsible for any care, support and of such go abort your hearts out as long as we never have to ever deal in child support, or any other support, give it all up and be like a man and defend for yourself and your choices. Just remember, roe vs wade is unconstitutional till a man also has a right to abort his responceabilities, his will be on paper,, I HEREBY WISH TO ABORT MY PART OF THE PREGNANCY, the pregancy will be aborted in front of JUDGE SMITH my DOCTOR.. So there you go wacos ,, yes men can ask for a abortion and any deniel of such can make the roe vs wade unconstitutional for it is not equal to ALL.So now we'll have women dieing because they're forced to have abortions by unqualifed persons and no medical care.  Real smart,  ND and AR  Republicans at work.  A religion law taking away more freedom.  This is like an insurance law making us wear seatbelts and helmets.  Too much government control, how much longer are we gong to be free?

Let's see what God has to say about abortion:Jeremiah 1:5 "Before I formed thee in the belly I knew thee; and before thou camest forth out of the womb I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations."God is the final authority, not man.

Easy fix.... Use birth control and don't get pregnant if you don't want a child.

This law is blatantly unconstitutional and will never be enacted.

These people thnk God will punish them if they dont try to overturn abortion laws. They are borderline at least, and may just be, Theocrats. They are also very dangerous and must be stopped.

Don't these morons realize that this goes against FEDERAL LAW.  This will cause a costly legal fight that they can't win.  In other words, it's a complete waste of taxpayer's money.  Way to go Republicans!

More crackhead stuff from the Republicans. GOP just doesn't get it! Abortion is legal in America.

This is quite a hypocritical obsession from the right only to win the religious vote.

I'm glad that I don't live in, or have to raise my daughters (or sons) in such a backward state that would presume to control a woman's body.

My problem with this (and the reason I oppose it) is that it all boils down to people trying to push their religon on me. You can put any spin on it you want, but in the end, it's a bunch of religious people who are opposed to it for religious reasons.If abortion is murder than  a misscarriage is manslaughter

Maybe they should abort all the vile twisted people who want to abort their own kids, then we would be left with a country full of loving mothers. That would make our country a better place.

The legislature then stated we will create a abortion division in our police department with special "insignias' on their uniforms. We will equip them with devices to determine if a woman is pregnant and then we will monitor their everyday movements with a GPS.

If these women want to have abortions, let them. Then they won't get to go to your make believe heaven. You don't want to be there with them pro-choicer's anyway, do you?

These dichotomized and disjointed hacks should use their time, energy and resources to feed the millions and millions of starving babies all around the world and stop wasting it on this.

My internet friends, Human females and males should have enough common sense to use protection. very simple. keep your dk in your pants and your legs crossed. problem solved.

Those anti-choice freaks will have their noses in EVERYONES crotch soon.  Birth control is next, folks.

The RAPEublicans are at it again. Really not much difference between them and the Taliban.

Close to follow would be a ban on birth control....we all know intercourse is for reproduction not recreation !!! No one should be indulging in  premarital sex unless willing to suffer the humiliation of a pregnancy not sanctioned by marriage. And married persons should not be having sex unless their bank accounts are big enough to support a child from birth to college graduation, on a single income (father preferred) without any assistance from any public tax dollars. And, don't forget, during this period of time, all people should be paying any health insurance premium charged by an insurance company without any employer assistance, and  saving sufficient funds for their retirement, by investing in the stock market.  If you can't or won't follow these republican rules of life, well, your life should consist of a worker drone, no retirement except at the county poor farm.

Good old backwood North Dakota.  Another state filled with its share of hate.And after that they burned a witch at the stake.....

oh republicans and their quest for big brother. we do not need radical religious laws in this country. religion should be a choice, not law

Do they realize it was God himself who gave us the freedom of CHOICE???

I hear ND and AR are planning to ban masturbation  for destroying potential babies. LIfe begins with SPERM!!   I'm sure glad i'm not a religious finatic.

I always heard liberals fight for the weak and vulnerable?Guess not... they are more concerned with the cost of life rather than life itself.

The GOP war on women continues as they continue to legislate their religion.  If your not barefoot and pregnant, your obviously a criminal.  It is amusing that they only seem to care about the baby BEFORE its born, but the minute it pops out, its just another taker.  Lets not worry about if that baby is wanted since they will force you to keep it no matter how it happened.

See the religious fanatics are a problem in other areas of the country besides here in the south. They think it's their duty to have everyone in the country believe as they do. Got news for them, keep it to yourselves and leave everyone else ALONE!!!

I'm pro life but I feel these people are missing the injustice done to women here. IF she has sex with a guy and gets pregnant then he should bear half the cost of ANY medical care she needs concerning the child, and if a women is raped the man who did it needs to be castrated. We as Americans are harsh towards the innocent and too lenient on the criminals or the irresponsible. I also think that 6 weeks is too soon to determine if there are going to be complications to the mother’s heath. I find myself hesitant concerning this law.

'Happy conception day to you',  'happy conception day to you', now blow out the candles.  :)  'Stupid is as stupid does', said Forest Gump

Looks like ND is turning the clock back 70 years,  back to coat hangers and quacks for abottions,  without any medical care..  Where's Hiedi when we need her?  She's for womens rights isn't she..?  A bad religion law..   Life begins at birth, we celebrate birthdays not conception days.Obama and the ACLU will not like this - they will be sending Holder to get you there in ND

I've been to North Dakota, not a whole lot of women there who are attractive enough to want to do anyways.

Why should abortion be used as birth control?

Abstinence is 100% effective at preventing pregnancy. If you aren't willing to do or able to deal with the creation of a child you should not have sex. Pregnancy is nearly 100% preventable if you act like a responsible, reasonable adult. If you want to make grown up decisions you have to deal with grown up consequences.

Zygotes should be given personhood status this way women can lose their right to privacy and be monitored during their entire pregnancy to make sure they are not abusing the little person inside them.And btw, women deserve to lose the right to privacy and the right to bodily autonomy once they spread their legs.It's biology ladies - face it - god created you to be inferior to men and fetuses.

All women and all physicians should immediately leave the state.  Let those seeking medical care, or mates, apply to their legislature for treatment (and marriage).  This is an example of what happens when the GOP  gets total control:  the "personhood" of women disappears.  Next it will be employees:  "right to work" laws will reduce them to wage slaves begging for alms from the all-powerful corporation.  The GOP:  party of the Dark Ages.

And these a-wholes wonder why they can't win national elections? There's no doubt in my mind if we elect Republicans as a majority - based on their promises of fiscal responsibility - five minutes after the election, THIS is the kind of #$%$ laws they'll be passing on a federal level. No thanks. I'll stick with Democrats. Yes, they are bad with money, but at least I'm not considered a piece of breeding livestock to them.

Hah we're not so different repubs and dems. Just replace right to terminate unborn babies with right to own a gun and these comment boards say the same thing. Conservatives get attacked and bullied everyday and have to deal with it, bout time you dems see how it feels.

Too bad obama wasn't aborted.

I got a solution. How about working on ways to transfer a fertilized egg directly out of one female and into another? That way those who can't have a baby can have one while those who don't want the baby don't have to worry about carrying it to term. I am curious what this law has to say about children who are sexually molested that end up pregnant. Are they required to carry that baby to term or is it immediately aborted?  What about miscarriages that require an abortion to remove the baby? Will doctors automatically remove the baby or will the same thing that happened to that indian woman in a catholic hospital happen again? I don't like children being killed either but I don't think 9 year olds should have children or that mothers should die also if their baby has died in the womb.Why won't you display my COMMENT ? Maybe because your Bias

absolute power corrupts absolutly

Outlaw all abortions and all forms of birth control in North Dakota.Prohibit sex except for procreation.

Save those lives so the right can destroy them post birth.

uhhh Roe vs Wade will have this over turned if it passes. Why are they wasting time on this legislation? Nothing better to debate in North Dakota or waste tax payer dollars on?

Why not just ban sex all together, no more sex for anyone in North Dakota.  The only exception is sex between two women and two men. Women can't get pregnant without the man and the man can't get have a child without the female.The law will have an effect on oral contraceptives, condoms, drug stores, hospitals and doctors.

Margaret Sitte is a total joke.

So when the Koch bros. bring in oil jobs, they also buy control of the state and everyone has to support their right wing conservative religious wacko views?

Forcing women to have "rape babies" is a terrible idea. It's attitudes like this that are distroying traditional Christianity.

It is a woman's choice. NO ONE has a right to force a woman to be pregnant. I know where I will never move to.I know this may be a stretch for the liberal anti-lifers, but women are now allowed to vote in ND. It's called womens suffrage. These women vote for and elect the legislators that share their same views. Not everywhere is abortion considered just an everyday occurence. I've spent alot of time in ND and have met some of the nicest folks who still believe in America, respect our constitution, have values and morals, and general love for life. Thank God there are still places that the progressive socialist agenda has not destroyed.

GOOD! NY, MD, CA, CT, and several other libtard states are atacking the Second Amendment so we need to attack roe v wade!

This leaves so many possible bad outcomes.  A woman gets drunk, fall, has a spontaneous miscarriage and is charged with negligent homicide.  Any negligent action that results in a miscarriage also results in murder charges?  Unused fertilized eggs must be kept forever or implanted in someone else?  People can claim an extra dependent on their income tax before birth?  If the fetus isn't viable, do they have to pay the money back?

These ND men in government must really hate women!!!

Conservative Christian simpletons can't even grasp what they are proposing- banning all abortions will require giving an embryo the rights of a person.  This is so inherently stupid that it is laughable. It is simply legislating religious beliefs.  Bring it to the supreme court!

If this becomes law, the courts will find it to be unconstitutional. Even the people of Mississippi voted down a similar bill.

I love the GOP thought process, "You must carry and bare that genetically deficient child! No we will not help you when it is born, it was your choice to get pregnant with that genetically deficient child in the first place, you have to be responsible for your own actions."

Great.  Just what we need in our overpopulated world.  MORE unwanted children.  Wonder if the repubs plan on feeding, clothing, housing, and educating all these unwanted children.  Nah.  They don't care what happens once you get here.  They are not pro-life.  They are pro-birth.

Why do the republicans always claim to want smaller government and to keep government from interfering with people's lives?  They think they should force their religious views on the rest of us, and tell us to live by THEIR moral code.  What happened to not interfering.  You don't want an abortion, don't get one.  You want to go to church, go.  You are against birth control, don't use it.  Stop trying to make everyone live the way you live.  Concentrate on yourselves.

I still dont know how these old biddys find out if some woman is pregnant and that they are seeking a abortion. Do they follow them or what? Do they have a tent at the clinics? I dont get it.Jesus freaks freak me out.

Certainly, restricting abortion if a fetal heartbeat is found would pass legislation (excluding issues of forced sex). A lot of things are restricted by age: driving, drinking; military duty.However, these draconian ideas like Sittes just muddy the water for real abortion control. It is ridiculous society as a whole has to have these endless debates when so many modern birth control work almost 100% and the morning after pill just makes a woman have a period to prevent pregnancy AND ITS FREE NO QUESTIONS ASKED. Abortion should be a non-issue except for rape, incest and the life of the mother. Then and only then should a woman have to debate the issue of abortion in her own life.In general no woman should ever even have to consider it. Sexually active women should be courteous (and have a small intellectual thought) so as not to push a social evil on society just because they are unprotected. It starts with personal responsibility.

Out lawing abortions will only set this country back to a time where if a woman wants one she will go some where to get one or if she can not do that she will get one in some back street from some one who has no idea of how to do it safely. Republicans want the government to stay out of there lives. But they sure as heck want to tell every one else what they can and can not do.

What is the difference between the Taliban and North Dakota politicians?  Apparently, the ND polits wear ties.

I foresee many 'coat hanger' abortions in ND.  And many more women who will die as a result.  How dare anyone legislate MY body.

I have a solution, I cannot protect myself from an unwanted pregnancy, we cannot have sex.Let us see how long it takes for these old white men to get the hell out of our vaginas when they do not get any sex at all!

Bible thumping Wackos

Abortion is in most cases nothing but convience.  If a woman doesn't care enough about her body to use protection, take the morning after pill, or take birth control she is nothing but a lazy idiot.

Well this will certainly lose them a bigger vote of womne in the future. The Republicans lie when they say they are not conducting a war on women, they lie, they are no different than the middle eastern countries.

Heah Liberal filth Wanna talk about the "PA abortion clinic worker describes cutting babies" being born alive only to have his/her little throats cut with a scissor?Radical Republican extremists never seem to tire of their relentless war on women. Good news for Hillary in 2016.

Men as a rule don't like to participate in the process called birth control. They feel that is the woman's responsibility - they want her to take the pill even if the chance is dangerously enhanced that she can die from a blood clot - with that information they would never agree to it themselves.They don't want to use a condom because they think it takes away from sensation (for them of course). IUDs and the like do not protect against STDs/AIDs. And finally, condoms can tear or leak. Now please explain why men don't take responsibility for the possibility of women becoming (not "getting") pregnant. If you want responsibility from start to finish, fix yourself and wear a condom.  Don't rely on the woman to say "no."  Why is this all her responsibility?  Because you can't control yourselves?  The day you control yourselves is the day you have a say.

Looks like North Dakota may be the first state to come out of its "freedom for all if it feels good" progressive PC debauchery.

i have a simple message for republican christians: 1) don't like abortion, don't have one. 2) don't like birth control, don't use it. 3) don't like sex on tv, change the channel. 4) don't like science in the classroom, then brainwash your own children in church and religious schools. 5) don't like stem cell research, then don't use the advancements in technology from this research. 6) don't like certain books, then don't read them instead of making bonfires to burn them. if these nutjobs keep meddling in our lives, START TAXING THE CHURCHES!~!!!!!!!

Do you think they read the bible? Genisis says that life begins at the first breath not conception. Up until 1980, the protestants held such a beleif. Same as the jews who still believe that way.

Right to life is contrary to the teachings of the bible:Numbers 5:11-21 The description of a bizarre, brutal and abusive ritual to be performed on a wife SUSPECTED of adultery.  This is considered to be an induced abortion to rid a woman of another man’s child.Numbers 31:17 (Moses) “Now therefore kill every male among the little ones, and kill every women that hath known man by lying with him.”  In other words: women that might be pregnant, which clearly is abortion for the fetus.Hosea 13:16 God promises to dash to pieces the infants of Samaria and the “their women with child shall be ripped up”.  Once again this god kills the unborn, including their pregnant mothers.2 Kings 15:16 God allows the pregnant women of Tappuah (aka Tiphsah) to be “ripped open”. And the Christians have the audacity to say god is pro-life. How and the hell is it that Christians can read passages where God allows pregnant women to be murdered, yet still claim abortion is wrong?1 Samuel 15:3 God commands the death of helpless "suckling" infants.  This literally means that the children god killed were still nursing.Psalms 135:8 &amp; 136:10 Here god is praised for slaughtering little babies.Psalms 137:9 Here god commands that infants should be “dashed upon the rocks”.

The only thing I can agree with is not allowing abortion in the case of rape or incest.  Either the fetus is "human" and thus deserving of protection or it isn't. How it was conceived shouldn't matter.  That said, I don't believe a fertilized egg is a "human" so I still believe that the woman should determine whether she has an abortion or not.  The government should have no say at all.

The only thing outlawing abortions would do is create a black market for it and put girls in danger for not getting proper medical care. Or it would cause them to leave the state to seek an abortion else where, Its fine to put restrictions on it, I think there should be, but I don't think outlawing it altogether will doing any good

ABORTION = MURDER

Any drug companies working on an Anti-Viagra? Perhaps a man should have to consume this drug until such time he is willing to commit his life to raising a child........FOR PEOPLE WHO DO NOT GET THIS. This is a path to out lawing birth control. Birth control prevents you from getting pregnant also.DO NOT FALL FOR THIS PERSONHOOD #$%$. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED

Control vaginas not guns! BIGGER BROTHER!!!

If these women want to have abortions, let them. Then they won't get to go to your make believe heaven. You don't want to be there with them pro-choicer's anyway, do you?

in cases of rape, there is no easy answer. Do you kill a child, or allow a victim to have to deal with the consequences of a terrible crime. The consequences in this case include a life, so my personal belief system finds it hard to justify abortion. However, I see how horrible this would be for a woman. I am torn. However, abortion as a method of birth control is just wrong.

If this were to pass, which it wouldn't because of Roe vs wade, North Dakota would be finding alot of those new borns in dumpsters, garbage cans, out in the barren lands, and they better open up a lot of orphanages. My bad republicans want to give the fetus rights but once they pop their little heads out of the womb they hang a death sign on them.

When men are no longer able to ejaculate, then abortions should no longer be legal - How's that sound?

I thought we were in the business of protecting children from harm. That's what I here from all the polititians and yet they want to promote abortions..When a pregnant woman is killed, everyone wants to charge the thug or drunk driver with a double murder. It's hard to have it both ways. Is the baby just a glob or is it human? All depends on how you "feel"?

Are thes legislators going to provide the funds for proper medical care during pregnacy so the childern will have a chance in life?  Are these legislators willing to support the unwanted children from hunger and deprivation because their mothers can not take care of them?  Of course not.  They believe that government involvment in the right to life begins at conception and ends at birth.

1, Federal law says abortions are allowed, and 2, women are going to seek them out no matter what, in less safe and sterile environments. Why pushing this, ND?

I say make abortion legal in every state up through the first trimester, but if any women gets an abortion for anything other than defects, rape or health concerns, then she is required to have her tubes tied. Then she can have all the sex she wants without harming a developing life. If the man is also pushing for the abortion then he should be fixed as well. The irresponsible don't need to procreate.Probably neither of the two doctors are actually practicing medicine anymore and neither one are ob/gyn or pediatric.  One's specialty is bariatric medicine (obesity) and the other is an orthopedic surgeon so how they could possibly qualify as "Clearly they would not vote to criminalize themselves." is about as bogus as you can get.  Remember folks this is the party that espouses to keep government out of our business.  God forbid they should make any progress on overturning Roe-v-Wade because then we'll be back to Prohibition, Scarlet Letters and anything else the 'good people' deem appropriate for the rest of us.

A woman's choice. What happened to a man's choice? A man's choice to have or not to have a child, and then therefore to pay or not pay child support. And don't give me well he shouldn't have chosen to have sex because then vice versa, ladies. No, I am not a man. It is ridiculous that women can choose to abort a child and yet if the man asks us to make that decision he has no choice in the matter. Additionally, that is fine we women are the master's of our own bodies (never mind we are tearing another's body to bits in the act of an abortion) then if the man has made it clear he never wanted to be a father he should not be forced to pay child support. With morning after pills, protection, adoption, and other options abortion should be used as a last resort rather than contraception and it definitely isn't.

Soon anyone conceived in ND will have automatic citizenship.  Somehow I don't think the GOP will like that.

Can we get a mortar to hit ND's polititions please?

North Dakota: We Hate Freedom (and women)

ABORTION IS MURDER! Outlaw it all. If a murderer wants to kill their own child, go to another state or country!

Why must abortion become necessary to guarantee sexual freedom and eliminate moral consequence?

Look at the photo above of that angry lesbian radical feminist nazi democrat doctor. She's f''king crazy. That's why I don't vote democrat.

I'm all for Abortion, Manson Family style, the kind the degenerates deserve for sentencing their own child to death!

North Dakota - the state that takes away the rights of women.  A bit on the backward side don't you think?Sitte is an idiot 27 thumbs up-- todd akins legitmate Rape- richard murddoc - it`s god`s intentions. Paul Broun , the republican platform, violence against women act.150 MILLION STUPID WOMEN-- When are women going to wake-up to the fact that Republicans think women are stupid and republicans know better about a womans body  then they  women do.

Yep, make abortion illegal and they will find another way whether it be via coat hanger or in a back alley way which are WAY more dangerous. That's just the way it is!!

What's next book banning? The republicans want to keep government small &amp; out of our lives except when it's convient for them!

Abortion is a barbaric practice which even if these laws are not enacted, is doomed to end. Fewer and fewer medical students are willing to be party to murder.

Rapist sperm should have more right to a woman's body than the woman herself.It's payment for the sins of eve and all that.

All because of some fallacious moral superiority.  Sad, just sad.

The only thing these states are accomplishing is wasting money, these restrictions are all unconstitutional.

don't like anti-abortion laws? move. problem solved.

Next they will make male masturbation illegal claiming each sperm is sacred. Life starts when you take your first breath of AIR.Sound like some one needs to rape that Sitte bit&lt;h then we will see her change her tune real quick. Just like the senator that was against gays then found out his son was gay and then he changed his mind.

Here we go again!   The God Squad trying to overturn the law of the land cause they don't agree with it!   You don't believe in abortion don't get one!   But leave those that do alone...it is none of your business and the Supreme Court has spoken!Contrary to what you are constantly being told by every news outlet, Republicans aren't after your freedom to choose how to live your life. In fact they fully support you in whatever you want to do. The only thing they are trying to take from you is your ability not to be held accountable for your actions. Just as I should have a reasonable expectation to believe that if i got drunk and drove a car that I might get a DUI than the same logic holds that if you have unprotected sex than you should expect that you might get pregnant. If you dont want those things to happen to you either make different choices or live with the ones that you made, you don't get to take a mulligan. But so long as abortion is a choice that's one you'll have to live with too. I don't know too many women who have had one who are at peace with it.

What steps has N Dakota taken to reduce the number of unwanted pregnancies?

If there's a heart beat, or if it grows then it is alive...FACT!  There is no disputing this fact, NONE!  Therefore, abortion is in fact murder!  Pro choice ppl, others who claim to be for "Freedom to choose" blah blah blah...Your reasoning is based on your preferences, not what's morally right or wrong.  Not condemning you, I try not to judge.  Just sayin'....these are the facts and the facts are above dispute, so if you feel the need to voice your opinions against, fine...but realize your opinion is not moral, it's simply personal.

From zygote stage to embryo stage to fetal stage. C'mon North Dakota, read your biology text books. Viability is the point at which fetal life is legally recognized, not at the zygotic or embryonic stages of life. Otherwise, the 60 percent of all embryos that fail to survive means most if not all mothers are potentially liable for their death. Infertility procedures become criminal negligence should, as usually occurs, some embryos do not take and are lost and medical procedures are questioned by litigants. Women who have miscarriages become murderers. Rape victims can be impregnated and become worse than their rapists for trying to prevent the rapist's DNA from forming in their violated bodies. Family law will be turned upside down as zygotes, embryos, and fetuses become embroiled in custody battles, property disputes and civil claims. It never ends, all due to legislated stupidity.

It is a poverty to decide that a child must die so that you may live as you wish.

Legislating morality?  Then we have become exactly what we are fighting against abroad.  Welcome to the Talibangelical HypaChristian era of American history.

These are people with real control issues..................

N.D. is going to be throwing away a lot of money defending this in court.

I live in West Fargo ND. I have always voted Republican . Always. This is the first time I have decided I will look at the Dems in the next election. Our state has unbelievably high property taxes, and an income tax. It has a huge budget surplus. Instead of reducing our taxes in a meaningful way, it wastes energy on stupid bills created by religious fanatics. None of these bills will win in the courts, but the tax payers will waste a ton of money pursuing them . Utter nonsense. Bette Grande is a lunatic.

What is wrong with these people? If you don't like abortion, don't have one!They should at least strive for some balance here.  There are millions of criminal fathers in America, why is there no rider bill demanding mandatory vasectomies for the criminal men?  Or at least for the rapists?  Why is it always about screwing over the women when there is an unplanned pregnancy that goes to full term?  There was a 19 year old girl on the Maury show recently with 4 children by 4 fathers, she had not verified the fathers of some of the children, and her mother was a grandma 4x at 33.   If you want to build a population of good people in ND, then why not balance the legislation so that both sexes share the responsibility.

ABORTION IS MURDER. Period.

Focus AAll your people to SStop the Drugs:METH and COCAINE from entering your State.If yo uuuuu force Drug Babies,you will have Rampant Torture, rape, and murder of unwanted Drugs mistakes children.An AAbortion is a Mercy Kill!

Once the Republicans learn that abortion laws they push will cost them elections, they will have a clinic on ever corner in every city.  idiots

Abortion is premeditated murder for hireOnly instead of a goon you are hiring a “doctor”

North Dakota:  The weather isn't the only reason no one lives here!

While these nut jobs are at why don't they outlaw birth control and male masturbation? If conception is life then every time I fill up a condom or fire off some knuckle children I committing murder.

Next think it will be banning birth control. They religous right has their beliefs which the 1st amendment guarantees. The trouble is that it guarantees my religious beliefs which does not mach theirs. They need to understand that I have as much a right to my beliefs which life begins at birth and a women should have the right deceide what happens to her body.

Good for North Dakota!

Abortions will happen no matter what, but republicans are going to start loosing their thrones pretty quickly if they keep this up. Some might even be shot, and according to one republican congressman, you cant take hostages unless you plan on shooting them.I can't believe how much time and money is spent fighting something so important.  And Republicans wonder why the nation's falling behind.

Try this one how about worrying about the thousands of kids that's already here that needs  food. Work on that and need a home  and they wonder why we think the GOP are nuts.

This will resonate well with the progressives!

No state has the right to pass a law that violates Roe v Wade. North Dakota needs to get out of peoples personal lives and govern the state in a meaningful and legal manner.

Welp.  Add North Dakota to the list of states like Arkansas and Arizona where I will never live willingly....

I'm from North Dakota and they're the most backwards, conservation, hypocritical people ever. Its why I don't live there anymore. If you don't want an abortion, don't get one or get a vasectomy.

I believe that abortion is horrible. Women make their choice when they lie with a man. We know what can happen.For those that are raped is the only time I can see anyone making an argument for abortion; however, it isn't that baby's fault for what someone else did to you.

republicans shooting themselves in the foot again and taking away womens rights. Remember Gump? Stupid is as stupid does!

YES, finally! Someone with sense of morality. People need to learn to responsible for their actions. You screw around without any morality and self respect and then get pregnant, you have to bear the consequences. You can't just "kill" your "mistake", take responsibility for your actions. And once you learn to be responsible for your actions, then you will become more succesful in life in every aspect.

Once again... Men creating laws for women without any consequences for men. I propose this new law: Any men that has sex without wanting to procreate will need to wear a chastity belt for life. It sounds so fair to me!Abortion is murder.

I believe that abortion is a better practice than to have baby's out there that get beat because mom and or dad did not want them in the first place. Or you can have times like Susan Smith, isn't she the one that drowned her children strapped in their car seats? Or a few othes that have made the news. Ever hear of Kaylee Anthony?

Conservatives are such hypocrites-WE WON'T GOVERNMET OUT OF OUR LIVES! ............except in the bedroom and a woman's whomb..........wonder why you keep losing national elections................

We are going to turn this Country back to God. We have to do this because our God needs our help. He is unable to turn people back to Him so we have to do it ourselves. There will be rejoicing

Most woman don't even bother to take a pregnancy test until they are about 6 - 8 weeks late (my friend's keep telling telling themselves their period will come any day now...sometimes it does, sometimes it doesn't).  According to N.D. you're too LATE!   OR  if you live in N.D. and don't take a pregnancy test the first day you're late, you're going have no time to think things over your options and have to make a "RASH" decision/and find a Doctor to proform the procedure (Good luck with that) based on "THEIR Time Frame".  What Gives???

I am very pro life, but to force a raped woman to go thrue pregnancy and childbirth and then thrue the trauma of giving up the child for adoption is an extremely cruel thing to burden a woman with who hasn't done a thing to deserve it. To leave her with the only alternative to raise the child of her attacker is just as cruel. This goes way too far.On the other hand - listening to the common talks of women it is obvious that unwanted pregnancies today are mostly based on negligence. There are so many ways to prevent them, that it should be easy to keep abortions to a minimum between responsible adults. But it has become a quick fix and the numbers of abortions are taking on enormous proportions. It's getting totally out of hand. I know several women who had several abortions by the age of 20. That is insane and damaging to a woman's spirit too.

Finally a state with some sense.  Yahoo calls this move a 'move to the dark ages of medicine'.  That's foolishness.  When we start cloning people and some sensible lawmakers try to repeal it as unjust they will be called neanderthals too.  This article is not about rape its about personhood and the respect that all human life deserves.  I'm sure the big wigs will shut this down, but at least efforts are being made in the right direction for the right reasons.

I think a mother should be permitted to kill her children after they leave her body. I mean what's the differnece Liberals?

Liberals Just LOVE a Good Abortion.  Nothing like 1.4million per year! right Liberals?? What would we do with all those unwanted children? they're better off right Liberals???

it's not hard don't kill babysRepublican's   ALWAYS saying they want less GOV.,but keep passing more and more bill's that have to do with WOMEN'S RIGHT"S .You cannot be any DUMBER than these REPUBLICAN"S

So, Republicans want smaller, less intrusive government but they still want the right to intrude into our intimate private lives.  Where is the line? They have legalized wiretaps, outlawed abortions or restricted access, allowed people to be held indefinitely in prison camps without charges (Gitmo anyone?), which, in fairness, is still being allowed under our current president but was initiated under Bush, and want to "define marriage" by their standards which by all polls show that the American people support gay marriage.  The list goes on.  I love tax breaks, who doesn't?  But I'm willing to give some of them up if it stops the GOP from taking away more of my rights.

So much for the party of small government.  Always trying to invade our private lives.  More evidence of the continued GOP implosion.

These nuts can go sell their "snake oil" elsewhere. We do not want it in this country.

Good for North Dakota and good for America. This will show all of the country what we could accomplish if we achieve a Republican Congress along with a Republican administration.Tea Party, NRA, NOM and GOP in NOvember, 2014!

This is a good step in the right direction, abortion is nothing short of murder.  If she wants to use a hanger and get hurt let her,  keep your legs closed and you won't get pregnant, or better yet since you guys are so much into anal sex do that -lol  no just keep your legs closed.

Republicans that claim to want goverment out of their life yet want to be in evryone elses business

Who cares about N Dakota???  It's already a worthless wasteland, I hope lots of people move out. Do they even have lots of people there? Or, let all the whackos move there like beck &amp; rush.

Hey North Dakota....you get what you elect.  They will be totally running your lives in a few more years.

More like it's capital punishment to be a child born in North Dakota. . .Leave it to Republicans to be on the wrong side of every issue!

north dakota needs more anti abortion and anti gay laws. that should keep the communist/liberals out and the state will never become another colorado. north dakota may become a mecca for liberal hating americans. it could become a great place to live.

Keep it up GOP - soon the only members of your party will be "religious" fanatics, gun nuts and white supremists.

Religious extremist are so #$%$, it's sad for our DEMOCRACY .They are like Terrorist.

What is wrong with these people going back in time.so sad for women's rights.  They need to give these unwanted pregnancy to these stupid politicians

This law is blatantly unconstitional under Roe v. Wade. What will happen is this. As soon as the law is signed, the state will be sued in federal district court and the court will issue an injunction prohibiting the state from enforcing the law during the pendency of the case. The state will spend hundreds of thousands of taxpayer dollars preparing to defend the law in court. The federal court will find the law blatantly unconstitutional on its face under Roe v. Wade. The state will Appeal to the 8th Circuit Court of Appeals and will spend hundreds of thousands of additional taxpayer dollars preparing for the appeal. The 8th circuit will summarily affirm the lower court. The state will appeal to the US Supreme Court and will spend hundreds of thousands of additional taxpayer dollars preparing for the appeal. The Supreme Court grants certiori (agrees to hear a case) in only 1 to 2 percent of cases. Because the law is so blatantly and obviously unconstitutional under Roe v. Wade, the Supreme Court will deny cert. Case closed. North Dakota will have the dubious distinction of having spent millions of taxpayer dollars in enacting and defending a law that everyone knew, on its face, was unconstitutional. All this from a state of tea baggers whose primary whine has always been government overspending. reposted

Good for you North Dakota! If it's a human life, another person's choice to harm you should not go unpunished.

Good for them.  It's about time someone stands up for that babies life!  The liberals don't appear to care about babies lives.

And here I always thought North Dakota was this nice, unthreatening state, known mostly for its year-long winters and low population density. I had no idea their lawmakers were so reactionary. With any luck, their bill won't survive a referendum, but if it does, I hope it makes its way to the Supreme Court ASAP. I'd *love* to hear the Court's reaction to this one. If a bunch of Republicans can unilaterally declare their state a religious enclave (and religion is always the reason for measures like this) and impose its views on the rest of the population, then we're in big trouble.When will the GOP stop putting its foot in its mouth and get with the program? Half of the U.S. population may have negative views on abortion after the first trimester, but just about everyone supports a woman's right to terminate a pregnancy if it's the result of incest or rape. (Remind me who that moron senator was who said that rape hardly ever resulted in pregnancy?) If they pass this thing, they're setting themselves up to be a national joke.

North Dakota is a moral state when it comes to abortion.Why are there so many baby killers posting? They dream about putting babies in meat grinders. That is no more inhumane than abortion. How much joy do these murderers get from the pain of a baby being torn apart or burned by saline solution? Go ahead and thumbs me down, you murderers.

The state should be able to support, financial, emotionally, and personally these children that they are so anxious to save.  I don't believe anyone chooses abortion without a very good reason.  The state should not be in a position to deny a womans right to decide what is best for her and the unborn child.  If the state wants to pay the bill to raise and rear the child, pay to send it to school, feed and clothe it, than let them take custody and take full responsibility for its upbringing and care.  Across the country in every state there are countless children abandoned, or simply without any parents.  Not a very good life.  The legislation to deny abortion to a woman will be overturned by the courts.

To all the liberals out there--stop trying to take our guns, leave our God alone, stop trying to take our money, keep your criminals in prison, send the illeagals aliens back to where they came from and we will let you kill your babies and let your fruities marry each other. You will rot in h3ll anyways.

where the hell is North Dakota and why are they being allowed to control the bodies of their residents? is the population of the state so sedate?

The vast amjority of abortions are not due to medical necessity or performed on rape and incest victims... They are performed on women who are irresponsible with their bodies and don't want the responsibility of raising a child. There are a name for these type of women.

God bless North Dakota. Stop the MURDER of unborn people!

Since life begins at conception does that mean they can also be used as tax credits and counted as part of the family for the purposes of welfare and health insurance?  And of course anything done by the mother to neglect the fetus from eating the wrong kinds of food to smoking or drinking will result in criminal charges of abuse and possible removal from the situation and into a foster womb until the case is resolved?

I don't approve of abortion as birth control, criminalize that, but don't make a victim of rape, incest a victim again.  Think about what happened to the woman in Ireland recently who died because the doctors were banned from doing an abortion if a heartbeat was present.  She would be alive today, and able to bear more children if the doctors had been able to do what was medically necessary.The GOP preaches small government, I agree with that. Being fiscally conservative, agreed.  But they loose my vote by putting their noses into my bedroom &amp; doctors office.  Some things are private and should not be controlled by laws or constitutional amendments.

The constitutional right to bear fire arms is clear, but I see no such constitutional right to an abortion. The Supreme Court Justices had to read their #$%$ proclivities into the constitution to make abortion magically constitutional, but yet yahoo advocates the stripping of the 2nd amendment while promoting the mythical constitutional right to an abortion.

Iraqi chemical weapons were just used by the Syrian government to gas civilians! Thanks democrats!one thing for dam sure, the woman in the picture is never going to need one.

No one really cares about the goings on of North Dakota....

I can't wait until the day that women respect themselves again, dress and act as if they are something special. And men need to be held accountable by the court for every child they father.  Bottom line is being a sperm doner or a tramp doesn't make you a mother or a father!  HAVE SOME RESPECT FOR YOURSELF!

They are idiots.  Worse, idiots who feel compelled to interfere with people's lives and individual decisions.  Anyone wanna bet that out of the other side of their mouths they complain about "government regulations"!  At least it's not a state that anyone ever really needs to go!

kenyangod cant find his #$%$ with both hands just because the drivel comes out of your mouth it is still nothing but republatard loser the supreme court will  toss this #$%$ out in  5 minutes.

Then you n.d. Keep your unwanted baby s in your #$%$- state no help from the fed. They can'nt leave the state tell they reach 18

Go North Dakota!

white trash america got to love them,there funny as sh1t

Pro-Choice my butt.  What kind of choice is that.  "I don't want this baby, let's kill it. I'm glad North Dakota is standing up to baby killers.

No more federal aid to any state that out laws abortion no more money from the u.s. Government.I hope more states follow such a fine example.

If North Dakota goes against Federal Law, NO MORE FEDERAL FUNDS to the state!!!!!

“If men could get pregnant, abortion would be a sacrament.”~Rose F. Kennedy (1890-1995)

This is a backward step for ND and the United States. I would have thought that after the 'Aspirin between the legs' remark some politician put that people would learn but I am guessing some are still wishing we were a Theocracy.

That's somewhere we want to keep the government out of."Ummmm #$%$, the government is already involved in the doctor patient relationship.  Have these people not been watching the news the past 2 years.  Obambacare will result ultimately in total government control over who and what can be done by doctors.

SHouldn't our politicians be focusing on things like the economy, jobs, the budget, the ongoing war in Afghanistan etc.???  The GOP used to be the party of less government interferance in peoples personal lives, please go back to that.

all these anti-choice people should be taken out to the tree of liberty and hung

Why do the republican taliban in red states thinks its OK to have a war on women?

Stop spending some much time worrying about other people's vaginas and more time worrying about how the United States can improve its standing in an increasingly competitive global economy.

They aren't babies......babies can survive without attaching itself to me.  It's a parasite at this point and if want it gone, it should be gone.   These jerks need to get out of my bedroom and my vagina!!!!!!!!!!!!Why restrict abortions? I say kill who you want, when you want. Answer to nobody and face whatever consequences come your way.

Personally, I wouldn't ever abort my own baby- even if he/she was found to have a disability or if the baby was a result of rape or if my life was in danger due to the pregnancy. I think it's murder. I know that many people don't agree with me and would abort their child for any of those reasons or simply because it's not a convenient time for them to a baby. To me, that is pure evil. However, the US is not just my country- it belongs to all of its citizens and I don't speak for all. I will continue to pray for those who choose abortion, especially for those who use abortion as a form of birth control without any regard for the life within themselves. I'm not a member of any organized religion, but I believe in God and respect the sanctity of all life. I also consider myself to a feminist, even if I do not agree with all their stances. In my opinion, abortion has denigrated women by allowing men an easy way to escape the responsibility that they and their female partners created together. I know of several cases where the pregnant women was threatened with abandonment by the father if she kept the baby. Legalized abortion gives these kind of men the tool that they need to use against the mother of their child.

The war on unborn women continues

Excellent, so now all women whose embryos attach to the fallopian tubes before the miscarriage occurs (in about 1/3 of all pregnancies) will be guilty of murder.  I don't think people are thinking very far ahead here.

And woman that get abortions will be burned at the stake.

next they will be forcing women to marry the rapist, because after all , kids should have a father and mother, right?

States are broke and yet they continue to pass these laws which will all be thrown out by the Supreme Court because abortion is LEGAL in the US.  It costs a fortunate to litigate this stuff.  Until the Supreme Court says its not legal, its legal!!

"A woman who has been sexually assaulted will be forced to carry a pregnancy to term, regardless of the nature of her assault," she said. " Sitte should revoke her right to be a woman just on the basis of that comment.  I guess she thinks a 12 year old child who is raped due to incest or by a stranger should be forced to carry to term regarless to the risk to her life/health and emotional well being.  Just because a 12 year old has reached puberty does not mean her body is fully ready to carry a child--

Keep it up cons, this is music to the dems ears....

this is always a very difficult subject to deal with---for all who are responsible decisionmakers----and most important for..........the child inside the mom ........tough/what if my mom would have eliminated me? But she didn't --- I'm a senior now......hoping my life has counted for something, and had meaning to others.  But, when to allow abortions---I sure am notqualified to figure that out, and uneasy even trying. Too much in life is now a complicated mess; I feell sorry for the youth and what they will face ahead.That woman looks so cold and calculating in the picture... She has dead fish eyes, look at them, you see no trace of love or compassion in those eyes... No surprise she's a pro-abortion doctor. She doesn't care about human life, humanities condition, or individual womens situations, she only cares about improving revenue (see: money, cash, dinero) in her abortion clinic. Appalling

The rape and incest abortions only account for 1-2%, depending on where you look.  So, what about the other 1,280,000 or so kids that got killed last year??  They didn't deserve a chance??  What if you or I were in that number??  Oh yeah, that's right, we were given a chance, no matter how, why, or when we were conceived.

Still not as restrictive as West Virginia, where life begins not at conception, but when one's brother gets an erection.

Have any pro-aborts or pro-choice seen an abortion video?  How could a so-called doctor support such a practice to happen legally in a so-called medical facility?  What is abortion treating?

I didn't realize that North Dakota was south of Mississippi.

The war on the pre-born &amp; basic human rights continues....

ABORTION = MURDER

how dare the government show its ugly corrupt self as a leader in ethics and morals when they are the worst of all humans ,we the people should gather these garbage bags of #$%$ up and burn them .its time we the people take back our country from the crooks who do not represent the people .stand with me and march against all politicians shout out the new American motto ...(save America abolish politicians ) with executions.shame on the American people for inactivity wake up America.

Why is it that the only death penalty that the Liberals support is abortion?

Being pro life is motivate by Love and Love alonebackward #$%$ state if yuo ask me...again just go to another state that has the rights for woman to do this,,,,,its the womans choice of she wants to keep or terminate a baby,,,,,there is no room for conservatibes here ..

What if a man knocks up a women &amp; she wants an abortion? He's SOL. What if a man knocks up a women &amp; he wants an abortion? He's SOL.

Go North Dakota, go!

Funny how back when we were more devoted to God as a country, we had less pregnancies out of wedlock.

Does this state write any legislation other than anti-choice?  They need to get out of the way of women and their doctors.

Great !!

northern mississippi

so what happens to you if you have a miscarriage? is that man-slaughter? i find anti abortionists on this level as sub human.

When will people vote out these stupid out dated Republicans that lie and try to interfer with others rights. They think war is a good for the economy and death from war is just fine.  I myself kinda like the idea that we are bringing our service men and women home and out of harms way.

no matter the circumstances around a conception, it is still half your child.  the circumstances around conception do not determine personhood.  God tells us He knits each one of us in the womb and knew each before we were born.  evil things can happen, like rape.  the child conceived is a separate issue.  putting a woman who was raped through an abortion now gives her two traumas to live with - one she did not have control over and one she did have control over.Liberalism a mental disorder. Liberals want to protect Children from "Guns", but do not want to protect them from the saline that fills 1.4million aborted children's lungs every year...When a liberalmonster can pick and choose when life is important is a clear and simple line of sight of being true to the sense of monsterism.

Outlawing abortions will not make them stop, they will just put the women in danger from having them done in back alleys and under unsanitary conditions and force good doctors out of North Dakota.  Listen people....just because its illegal doesn't mean it stops!

It was in Ceauescu's communist regime in Romania that women were sent to the gynecologist obligatory to see whether they are pregnant. When his rule was over (he was shot together with his wife) in 1989, the country was full with children in orphanages in terrible shape, a huge number of them had AIDS. You are on the right way Sen. Sitte.

Is anyone else sick of Republicans hypocracy...keep governement small unless it concerns woman. Then you want government in the exam room. Mind your own damn business.....

hypocrite repubs. idea of smaller goverment.telling people what than can and cant do with their own bodies.

republicans are the poster children for why abortions should be mandatory.

this all comes down to other people making a choice for you instead of you being able to make it yourself...thats all it is, control. if i suddenly put forth a bill that said all people with brown hair have to die it black because brown is not good or whatever, you'd think i was crazy. why should i be able to tell you how to run your own life?

With only one abortion clinic in North Dakota, is abortion really a big issue there? It seems like a big waste of time and money...I guess since North Dakota has all that new oil money, the politicians there need something to spend it on, like court and lawyer fees...Way to think it through.....I'm thinking that any woman who wants an abortion will just go to another state to have it done....Nice job!!! What's next....Conception at first kiss???? Masturbating and wasting precious, baby making sperm is murder??? Idiots..

North Dakota lawmakers need to wake up! Do they want to pay for thousands of unwanted, financially lacking children,thousands in the state welfare system? Do they want to reach into their own pockets to pay for the welfare of these children?

some Religious conservatives are against the use of contraception, against providing it for their employees, etc. But you are also against abortions. If you want abortions to go down, pay for contraception. It's that simpleAssuming the constitutionality is upheld, what North Dakota is doing here is no different than what Colorado and Washington did with their pot laws, that being doing whatever the hell they want in spite of Federal regulations.  I'm surprised more states aren't doing the same thing by now.  And, it's simple whether the subject is pot or abortion.  If you don't like what the locals are doing, don't go there.  Period.  Stop whining about it.  Just stay away.

Abortion is cold blooded murder of innocent unborn babies and needs to be stopped not only in north dakota, but the whole united states!  shame on us for allowing the murder of unborn babies!  it needs to be stopped now!

If a woman makes the choice to beg a man to pump his baby batter into her vagina during sex, then she has just made the choice to raise a child  so dont give me the BS about a woman having control over her own body cause she already has it.

all the same old complaints about what the abortion will do do to this group or that group, never is a mention made on what an abortion does to a baby. So for those of you who are a little lacking in reason and confined to emotion, here is the score. ABORTION KILLS THE BABY! ...And now you know the rest of the story.

@Roger, I have a better idea.. All hores and and physicians with no moral values leave the state! AND we will keep our guns!

Thank you north dakota and may god bless your state!  hoping oklahoma will follow!

the GOP at it again - trying to F$%#@ women - when are they GOING to get it.

Abortionists are murderers, women who abort their babies are guilty of mortal sin.  Any mother who doesn't want their baby should give it up for adoption.  This Culture Of Death which has murdered more than 55 million babies in the womb is the New Holocaust!  Abortion is not a right!  It is not a privilige. It is an abomination!

Great news!  Soon, abortion on demand will be illegal, and babies will be saved!  You go North Dakota!

I thought all that free birthcontrol that Obama was handing out was going to prevent abortion.  So I guess liberals shouldn't care about this at all.wake up people! abortion is not a form of birth control. It's a barbaric procedure to kill ababy. most are gotten by college age women that are inconvienienced by pregnancy. there is the morning after pill for rape victims. women don't need 5 months to realize they were raped. did u know a baby is perfectly formed at 3mos along complete with fingernails, all it needs is to grow. I am an adult responsible woman, and  severly limiting abortion does not infringe my rights.  If  u hurt a pregant women and the fetus dies, its homicide, but if a women kills her own baby it's ok. sorry but thats messed up

So, Let me get this straight. LIBERALS are NOT PRO_CHOICE when it comes to a woman's right to defend her own body......... Against a rapist with her Handgun and an 8 round clip BUT, when she becomes pregnant from a one night stand and was irresponsible (to be nice) with her body... she can Kill her fetus? Hmmm Makes perfect sense.

since we all know how babies are made...i.e.  when a woman makes the choice to let her boyfriend blow his baby batter in her, why do we need to let her make the choice 4 months along in a blood bath and sucked out via a tube. she had the chance not to be a #$%$ in the beginning.

Being from Arkansas, I was very excited we passed a restricted abortion law this month banning abortions after 20 weeks.  I'm thankful that ND has also decided to stop killing unborn children.  I'm sure there will be states still willing to kill children at any age - if you object to laws of your state, you can move to a state with no moral values.  At least I know it won't be Arkansas and for that I'm super thankful.

Pregnancy is a God's will. If God decides that a woman should be a mother, she should accept the role and play the role of the mother. After the end of the Obama dictatoriship and his liberal-feminazi-pro gay regime ends and when a Christian real American president comes to power we have to outlaw gays, abortion and DIVORCE. Divorce in this country is a major problem. We need to make people responsible. Marriage is for life and divorce is a sin. Jesus the Lord, was a Republican if we read the Holy Book carefully. Liberalism is a sin and feminazism is betrayal of the role of the woman. People should marry for life and divorce should be banned in the United States. We need to return back to our Christian roots and become the real Christian Americans. North Dakota is a bright example of return back to our roots. Reading of the Holy Book on Sundays should be mandatory, not only in shcools but for all American families. Otherwise America will become like Europe, a country of socialism, feminiazism, gayism, promisacuity illiteracy and sin. Amen. Jesus the Lord, loves us all, pray and you wil lbe rescued, Amen. God bless.

Has anyone who is involved with IVF thought about the fact that there may be more babies up for adoption than there were and just perhaps, people will be MORE CAREFUL if they can't just RUN OUT AND ABORT a baby they shouldn't have put there in the first place if they didn't want one?!?!?!?

saying laws will stop abortions is like saying laws will stop people from getting guns...jesus people do you not remember reading of days of unwanted pregnancies and back alley abortions...laws don't stop people from doing things...this will just set womens' rights to make decisions about their own bodies back about 100 years, these people should worry about important things like getting the country out of debt...smfh

Sometimes I'm really amazed at the amount of people who don't have anything better to do than sit on the computer all day long and comment on EVERY topic that comes up. Then debate it and slam every opposite opinion someone posts. It used to be that people could agree to disagree. But not any more. Why is one person's opinion any more important than the next? I'll be the first to admit that I'm no better than the next person. Sometimes I'm just trying to understand where people are at in their heads. Like, how can a reasonable, good person make a decision to 'do away with' one of the most amazing miracles God ever performed. I mean, didn't they study anything in Science class? Just look at the way it takes only one strong swimmer, out of how many hundreds or thousands? and then that little guy has to break his way into an egg, and there you hae it! A new being, who begins to develop and grow into the most amazing creation. One so unable to do anything for themselves, that they are COMPLETELY DEPENDANT on that incubator and sperm donor for their very survival. How can anyone justify their decision to override the life of that dependant one? Especially when they are no better than the one they are 'getting rid' of so they don't have to 'DEAL WITH IT'.

So am I. I agree

The primary driving force for the creation of children is always the female. The genes imbedded in the female of the species constantly prod her to find a responsible male and then to have as many children as circumstances and resources allow. Males do not have this innate compulsion to have children. Their primary drive is simply to have sex, as often as possible. The inevitable result of this combination of genetic forces is the creation of children, unless both the male and the female consciously and rationally control their deeply imbedded urges to have children.Another factor in deciding the optimum number of children is the quality of children produced. Significant numbers of children are born with birth defects. This problem is particularly acute in parents who have hereditary defects, or in women who are approaching menopause. The world of medicine is unanimous in recognizing that practically all diseases, except accidents and infectious diseases, are genetically imposed on people. Some of these defects are detectable in the pre-natal stage and the fetus can be aborted. Only a very irresponsible and mentally ill mother would knowingly bring a defective fetus to term.Many other major defects, such as autism, are not detectable until after birth. The agony of having a mentally or physically defective child is overwhelming and permanent. In effect, a child afflicted by a birth defect may destroy all prospect of a normal life for the parents. Three percent of all children born in the United States suffer from a major defect at the time of their birth. Six percent of all children show developmental problems at age one, and approximately 13% of children display defects by school age, such as dyslexia.they want a to use this as a division issue to keep the bucks rolling in, not have to get a real job, and not because they have and ounce of morality.

Where are the financial provisions for post-natal care and financial aid for raising the child to continue it's "protection". If a fertilized "egg" has "personhood " status how do you handle it's tax obligations and decisions of property manangement if it becomes an heir? How are you going to decide if it wants to "conceal &amp; carry"? Worst of all (forTalibangelicals) what if it's that MOST dreaded thing of all.......GAY? Are you going to abrogate it's future Right to Vote &amp; to (gasp!) MARRY? This ignorant,feckless and FACT-FREE "law" won't even make it to the SC.

Since ND has a version of the "Stand your ground" law does that mean the mother can abort the baby because they feel their life is threatened by it?

Last gasp of a dying vision.

Seems like they need to outlaw intercourse.  Let's see how many of these male legislators would vote for *that*.

Republican party will destroy itself.

If a woman makes the choice to beg a man to pump his baby batter deep into her vagina during sex, then she has just made the choice to raise a child so don't give me the BS about a woman having control over her own body cause she already has it.  Receiving the seed of life willingly and during the orgasmic pleasure of sex is where the woman's freedom of choice is determined.  Not in a bloody suction tube on a filthy gurney at 4 months along when she is not #$%$ anymore..

As long as the GOP has nutjobs like this, they will keep losing national elections.  Have fun in the Dakotas....

If they ban abortion then their will be a lot of women killing there new born since they didn't want it. Either they get abortion or they just kill the child them self.Abortion should be allowed once and the second time they get their tubes tied.  I don't see why this isn't the law.

And I thought all the crazy conservative extremists were in the South!Funny how the extremist right wing wants to give embryos  "all the rights, privileges and immunities available to other persons," but object to giving these same rights to people that were brought to this country as children, and have lived here their entire lives. I guess logic has never been the GOP strong suit!Life begins at conception and ends at birth! Certainly brain activity for most of the anti-abortion crowd.  They overload the scale of dishonesty and disgrace  with screaming about how the big government is taking over their rights of freedom and then demand restrictions on what everyone else can do.  They also don't want to support any government funding of any program that will provide for the children that the "fetus factory" didn't want!

Anyone trying to ban abortion should get raped.

Rednck people problems...

They are honouring the right of the unborn to life

North Dakota: The Conservative nanny state!