When a religion becomes a totalitarian political movement, it is time to eradicate it.

Muslim's - keeping the peace all over the world..gotta love that islam faith.

Every time I look in the news moslems (I spelled it right look it up) are raising h*e*l*l and murdering people in the name of their child molesting prophet (I spit on muhammads face and make his camel hump him) Their religion is anything but peaceful!

@ Jimmy you are ignorant a hole you know that, I study kids they are my field and I know a lot of what happens to them. The system has failed them big time! You have no f ing clue you moron, you are living in a fantasy.

I loath Muslims.

Guys, you need to stop saying islam is violent, it is a "religion of peace." Keep repeating that and eventually, the lie might become truth!

Lovable bunch these Islamists.......

You have Odumba's illegal war in Libya to thank for all of this. Gadhafi was beating back Al Queda and the Islamic jihadis, now those same terrorist have control over large parts of Libya, large stockpiles of Gadhafi's wealth and weapons and a recruiting and staging ground to launch attacks into other African countries. Because of Odumba's illegal war in Libya, that killed tens of thousands of civilians, Africa is going to be seeing war and destruction at the hands of the Islamist for years.

Go in shooting, and kill all the muslims and show it on TV and warn them that they are next.

Obama on Sept 25th, 2012: "Islam is not an important part of combating violent extremism, but rather an important part of promoting peace".2 days later, Islamic cleric Anjem Choudary replied: "Mr Obama, you cannot call Islam a religion of peace for it does NOT MEAN PEACE, IT MEANS SUBMISSION,(emphasis Choudary's)."Point is, these are the people Obama calls "important parts of promoting peace".Some really peaceful people, huh? Since Gore sold Current tv, to Al Jazeera, maybe people will get to see another behaeding live.

WOW this is a surprise...muslims being muslims.Ok, don't detain them.  Just kill the filthy monkeys.  World will be better off without them, obviously.

Best idea of the day, take a lesson from. VLAD THE IMPAILLER, set them Islamist on a sharp stick till it comes out their mouths, now line the road  with them devils,,,,NOW THAT'S SENDING A MESSAGE

Peaceful religion

Muslims, Keeping the world off balance and not wanting to coexist for the last 1600 years.

Thank God, your lucky stars or whatever you want, but be grateful that their not in our country!   I bet we'ed be in trouble if we let them in.

Why doesn;t Obama and the rest of the free wrld wake up to the  evil these Islamists are , they're satan,s angels no doubt about it and Obummer pouring all kinds of our money into these satanic  islamic countries .

We are sending $250,000,000 to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt...and another $60,000,000 to the Islamist rebels in Syria...surely Mullah Obama can find a few $million for his brothers in Nigeria.

Cameroon is the most peaceful country in Africa. Never had a civil war. The only bad thing there is the dictatorship of its presidetn PAUL BIYA.

Cameroon's security apparatus is very  tough and swift and Boko Haram can't succeed in Cameroon. The gendarmes and the military guys are more discpline, loyal and proactive than Nigerian forces who are too corrupt and ill equipped, and Cameroon won't yield to such threats. Secondly, Cameroon's population is not as big as Nigeria and therefore, very easy to sort out bad guys. Cameronian muslims drink beer openly and play life and intermingle with christians every single minute since independence; they are very civilized.

obama is supporting the iSLAMIST 100%Folks.. . it's time to ban islamism for good. As long as this religion gives u a right to kill da innocent, u do not have the right to pracitice any more. So loooooooong Islamism.

A major difference between ordinary anti-government groups and anti-government Muslims groups is that governments can usually find the means to bring rebels under control, but not so Islamic groups, especially in Muslim countries.This is the result of the confusion in which Muslim populations understand what Islam is. It is a cult in which almost anyone can assume to be speaking in the name of god which means that any opposition can be seen as being against god. It is a religion without any firm rules except by lay interpretations of the Koran.It is an ideology that can only be stable under the heel of despotic rule.

I have an idea.  Why don't we find a nice little island somewhere that these people can have and stay.  As long as they don't leave, they are free to practice their religion as they please in accordance with their sharia laws and jihadi craziness.  There, they can have their heaven on earth and be happy blowing each other to smithereens.  However, If they try to leave, well..... that's between them, their God and the missile that put them down like a bad habit.

If you ask me I'd say these people are not fighting for any religion - they are fighting for bread - as in food. When the food supply in any region is small, or limited, there are a lot of angry people. A hungry wo/man is an angry ... you know. But the kicker is that instead of shovels, the first and easier thing that they can lay hands on is guns! + bomb-making paraphernalia. People killing for a religion? That is a scam to get out of hunger and/or get rich quick to imitate the glitter they see in Dubai and similar places. No truly religious persons will engage in taking human life even in self-defense. It is a big scam and the media fell for it, advertised it and to some of the actors (terrorists), it now seems legit. It is just thuggery under a different setting. Again nothing to do with religion. Replace gun sales/distribution in this region with shovels/seeds. A hungry wo/man with a gun is no good.

Mr obama ,here we go again your muslim brothers expressing thier tolerance

Mr obama you still want to help your muslim savages in syria

We need to send them more money and educate our children here in the states about this lovely sacrificing (pun intended) religion.

to all hindu keep your narrow mind comments to self and breath cause 1000years muslims ruled you ,till you brought your hores to mugal empires

cool

Bozo Harrumph is supposedly Nigerian but captures tourists in Cameroon--well, maybe that's as logical as anything else they've done.Thank God I am a christian.We can only pray for them.There is no God that promotes such hatred.Phewwww.

Crazy. How this could happen.....

I hope the civilized Muslims can read the handwriting on the wall, many now come out with open dislike for Muslims, just read the comments here. overtime if nothing changes this will build up until it explodes, and all Muslims, whether fundamentalists or not will pay the price. I really wish it doesn't get that far, but wishes aren't horses.

i am yet to see a headline like "muslim saves lives"

Cameroon security is no child's play.we have civilize Muslims in cameroon,who will never succumb to this idiotic ideas.the bir will root the hell out of thi haramist#$%$ sinners)

Islam ..the religion of peace!

Thanks religion -- there hasn't been enough violence in your name since you came along.

yahoo user is a complete simpleton, a racist and an adherent Obama hater.How much did the Egyptian govt. recieved during the Bush administration?Prez Obama is a christian but your dumb, ignorant self can not see beyound your hatred.This is why you lost the last election. Deal with it.

Ronald you are one of the dumbest Americans

People all of you are confused. This is normal for the Muslims. Now accept your slavery to the Muslims like the liberals have.thank god obama is in charge.  can you imagine the damage ww3 would cause if bush was still there?

Oh yeah obama is a POS

Secretly there are probably many (especially young) Muslims who would like to escape for its clutches, but don't know how to do it.