The bottom line here is that the lawyers want to get paid.

Shart what kind of drugs are you on today?

Her life story isn't worth two cents.

Hmmm, let me think about that one. Ok, I'm ready. OH HELL NO!!

The bottomline is the lawyers want to get paid but sadly she will make millions also in a book deal and that is the last thing she should be able to do is be rewarded for killing her little child.

Are you freaking kidding me? Sell her story so she can pay her debt? I pray that NOBODY buys any rights to this murderers story. She can get a job and pay her debt like the rest of the world!

I will NEVER buy or WATCH the lowlife sleezebag CHILD MURDERER'S life story!!!

What life story?  She likely killed her daughter but got off.  There it is.  Who cares about the rest.

Some people have more money than brains-just like the ones supporting her with gift cards and cash donations and her lawyers working for free.

The women is a pariah and should be treated as such. Anyone who attempts to make a nickle off the murder of a two year old girl by her own mother and then by the acts of a dumb DA and a #$%$ defense attorney she goes free should be treated likewise. Us as a people should never forget about this travesty of justice.

making money off the murder of your child?  it's a sick world.There are very eery similarities between Casey Anthony and Jodie Arias, even down to their looks.  At least one should see the inside of a jail for the rest of her life.

please just go away already. I will never watch or buy nothing even close to the caylee Anthony injustice .

..."Her listed debts include $68,540 for the Internal Revenue Service for taxes, interest and penalties"...Hey, that's kind of how they got Capone. Maybe she'll see prison after all!

She should be in prison!  She needs to come out of hiding and get a job.  Will never buy a book or watch a movie about her.

I will not spend a dime... promise !

There should be a nationwide ban on allowing her to publish a book.  If the book is published, and Casey Anthony makes any money from the story of the lie that is her life, the money should be seized and placed in a fund for abused and murdered children.  She should not benefit by killing of her own daughter.

They want to sell the story, so they can get paid.  You know they weren't doing this pro bono!

The lawyers knew what they were getting into and if they don't get paid, tough! Don't support her by buying a book or watching a movie.

I would not buy it. It would have to be ficition. She told so many lies, who is going to believe any of it?

They should sell her daughter's life story. It is much shorter, and much more tragic.looks well dressed for being broke !!!

She wanted to be set free. She got her wish. She now gets to reap what she has sown. Good luck with that, Baby-Killer!

Sell it to the devil.

She needs to be put on death row,,,,,her story would be nothing but fiction any way,,,what an evil excuse for a human being!

We know enough of her life story in my opinion.

I hope she never makes another dime in this life.  And as for those lawyers---they defended this psycho knowing that she had no money--and I hope they never make a dime either.  If she wants a job--let her babysit for the jurors and lawyers who defended her.   She is the very definition of "white trash".   And I know she is guilty as sin.

OJ Simpson and Casey Anthony have something in common they can legally go out and admit to the world they committed murder and nothing can be done about it. OJ pretty much did that with his failed book.

I can't believe that she hasn't had some sort of fatal accident by now.

No Way! This is absurd. Why would anyone want to help someone that killed their own child!

Her life's story is what put her into bankruptcy.Don't waste the paper.............. She is a proven pathological liar.Who would waste their money to read more lies.?

Sickening to turn on the news and see all profiting or trying to profit big off this child death. What has happen to humanity.

Pretty fancy dresser for someone facing bankruptcy, isn't she?

Anyone who buys this book in any form is helping someone who should not be helped whether it's the lawyers or Anthony herself.

This woman has told so many stories already! Which one does she want to sell? The one where she was abused as a child and it turned her into the monster she is, the one where she was tired of putting her life on hold for her child, the one where her parents killed her child, or the one where the sitter abducted and killed her child? Well, which ever she chooses to lie about this time around, I will not be one of those people who spends money on her story or watch anything that may be shown on TV about it.

Write a book? This miserable b--ch should be on death row.

You are not suppose to be able to profit from your crimes. Which life story would she sell, the truth, or the made up #$%$. - Don't want to read her lies or see the movie.

She should be in prison for what she did to her baby.  Something she has to live with for the rest of her miserable life.

Criminals are not allowed to benefit from their crime ... are they?  Was she found Innocent, or just Not Guilty?  either way, her daughter was DEFINITLY murdered, and there is No WAY she should be allowed to 'pay her debts' off the sad tragedy that was a little girls' brief and horrifically ended life ...

"She said that she is living with friends and that those friends — and strangers who send her gift cards and cash — help her survive."Who on earth would send this sick freak money, and hang with her?I hope these lawyers never get paid

The very first thing she would do if her debt was discharged, is sell her story. This is what the bankruptcy is all about. Wipe the bills out first, THEN sell the story and walk away with all the cash and no debt. It makes sense since she already beat the system once. She won't be so lucky where money is involved. Money holds MUCH more value to the courts, than an innocent child's life does.....

Mark whoever is thinking about paying ANYTHING to this POS and boycott them if they proceed with ANY deal whatsoever.

She should not profit one dime from her actions.

Everyone that bought into all the lies and excuses Casey Anthony spewed, deserve whatever losses there were.

Hope she stays broke and is an outcast for life.   She is nothing but a murdering POS.    Took the life of a beautiful girl so she could go partying every night.    Lying no good #$%$.

I would not buy it. Caylee was an innocent. I still wonder how Casey got off, she does not deserve to make any money off the death of her child.

She's a bottom feeder. She shouldn't be given one cent despite whom she owes money to.

About 18 years ago I discovered a crazy way to pay your bills, GET A JOB.

Her story is a lie, she killed her little girl and that is shameful. No story sold no story told, THE ENDI hope she rots in hell for what she did. Wouldnt read her book if is was free . She knows what she did and so does everyone else so live with yourself Casey you are #$%$ to us.

Money. What kind of a story can a 26 year old have or else is it a manual on how to murder your child and get away with it. Time has to come to let Kaylee rest in peace and let Casey pay the price

I really hope that NO ONE profits off of this child killer!!!  Her lawyers don't deserve to get paid, they helped a child killer be set free!

It is all about her and NOT about debt or her daughter that she murdered. She wants to be in the MEDIA and continue to LIE and thinks she should be now paid for that. I guess since she got away with murder it just seems right to her that she should now get rewarded. NO WAY SHOULD THIS BE ALLOWED OR ANYONE SUPPORT THIS FINANCIALLY.

With the money she would make on this as far as many are concerned she may be able to buy a bag of popcorn. (empty)

I have to wonder what sort of person would be interested in buying the book and reading it? Watching the wash machine go around would be more interesting.

I wouldn't want to help someone that didn't report their child missing for a month let alone someone that killed their child.

Anthony's story will be poison to a publishing company - too many people will boycott the book and the publisher and many know it.  The risk is high, for sure - I would never buy it or watch a movie about it.

Not guilty by a jury of her peers.  Doesn't mean much in America.

Her and her slease bag lawyer can both go to he//!Niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiice.......Hopefully we'll also see on the shelves soon "How I didn't Do It" by OJ Simpson. Or a mini series by the Ramseys " If We'd Have Done It We Would Have Done It Like this".  What's this bonehead thinking. Drawing revenue by selling sickness to those who might be sick enough to purchase it.

All the innocent people who get rammed by the system and wind up homeless under a bridge, yet Casey Anthony, who clearly murdured her own daughter, is going to sell her story?  Sick!

Anything the #$%$ has to say is probably a lie!We seen how truthfull she is,lying through her teeth,blaming any and all others for what she did.Put her #$%$ to work scrubbing floors,cleaning toilets,any work that requires a sub-human,she'll be right at home!Who cares what the unsorry #$%$ has to say?Not I,or anyone with a trace of decency.She should go some where and die.(painfully,Ihope.)

Didn't OJ write a book...."If I Did It?"......well her book would be called..."If I did It Too"...

Is anybody interested in reading anything about a mother that murdered her own child and got away with it?

And they say crime doesn't pay........

That's it, let every useless parent out there know that there is a profit to be made from murdering children...

Whoever buys that story needs to be blacklisted that will prevent her from cashing in.

The dumbest jury since the OJ trial.

that should be a real work of fiction.  No truth involved with that woman..The whole thing was like the little girl wasnt important.Go ahead and write the book.  It will be boycotted and you won't get a dime.

No one should buy her story. She should just be spat out the back end of the porno industry.

I find it very hard to feel any sympathy for her and her plight.

Gee Casey, if you only would have told the truth and plead guilty, you would have three squares a day and a roof over your head!!! Karma is not a very nice woman...

Like it wasn't enough to hear her lie the first time around.  Multiple times.

i`d burn my money first before i would buy her book of lies.

She made her debts, she should pay for them herself..............I hear Mcdonalds is hiring you lowlife!!!

when you are acquitted, i understand you have to pay your lawyer of course, but why do you have to pay the sheriffs department and courts that prosecuted you. they lost their case to convict didn't they?  and what is the IRS fine for?

Send casey anthony to live in chicago or detroit, with a little luck one of the resident gangsters will put an illegal gun to good use and rid the world of this piece of garbage.

While there obviously is a market for books like Anthony's and OJ's, I applaud the court's decision to bar the defendants from profiting from the proceeds in any way, including payment to the courts themselves and attorneys.  However, rather than encourage profiteering publishers who still purchase the rights from the defendant, maybe the courts could allow the rights to be sold to the highest bidder with the caveat that a percentage of the profits goes to the non-profit victims of violent crimes (or VOCA as we know it) where funding has been cut across the board in recent years, while the number of those qualifying to draw from it is ever increasing.Murderer!

Well, born in a trailer park. Parents thought she was too trashy. She was. End of story. One million dollars, please.

Sterilize her and give her to Somali pirates to pass around as "boat entertainment".

Did that murdering waste of skin ever have a job? And how the hell can a 26 yr old owe the IRS $ 68,000.00?

If she writes a book, in all likely hood it would be a bunch of BS.  Also, anyone who has a shred of decency would NEVER buy this book. Never put a penny in this idiots purse. Never give her the time of day. Never give her a chance to spew her lies. A piece of trash that deserves nothing but our contempt.

all that should happen is that she rot in hell along with her nasty lawyers that defended a child murder and they knew it. they don't deserve a penny.

We can't have a murdering mother make money off the death of her child, that's the media's job. They might get jealous!

I'm glad her lawyers don't get paid for defending and getting off this trash .

We already know the ending, she murders her daughter.

I thought that the Judge initially ruled that she couldn't sell anything that remotely related to the case.Pssst! We're not buying!

She could turn tricks I guess, nobody wants to buy her life story ( I hope ).

I can read a fiction story at the library for free, why would anybody be willing to buy hers?

She should not get a penny - it should go to the state's fund for abused children.

More evidence that our judicial system is completely f'd!It is a perfect mirror image of our political system!Both are Corrupted and severely dysfunctional!

If a book is written, all of the profits should be donated to a children's charity in Casey's name.Murderers should be forced to suffer for their crimes.

BABY KILLER

If she's bankrupt, it's the least she deserves.  And as far as I'm concerned, anyone who pays even a penny to hear this child killer lie about the supposed horrors of her spoiled childhood is an accessory after the fact to her daughter's murder.Yes, I know she wasn't convicted -- because the jury was a bunch of gullible idiots who couldn't even understand that in real life, DNA doesn't provide conclusive evidence in every case.  Duct tape fastened around the lower part of that baby's face--so securely her rootless baby teeth remained intact months later--didn't end up covering her nose and mouth by accident.  The odor of death and decay in Casey's trunk wasn't the result of garbage left in the back---unless one considers their child trash.  And this mother made no attempt to contact authorities about her 'missing' child while she partied without a care.  Casey Anthony lied from start to finish, and the only one with any reason to do that was Caylee's murderer.Everyone I know will boycott any book or any media story that puts money in this cold-blooded killer's pocket.  The fact that she's now seeking to profit from her daughter's murder says it all.

I hope it never works and she spends the rest of her life in a hell of her own making.

Here's what needs to be done, she should be able to sell her story, but all money should go to the charity for missing and exploited children plus some should go to the prevention of child abuse. She should never see one red cent of any monies she gets for her life story.Her story only has value if she cooperates. Why would she? This is a simple bk filing, not a murder trial. Simply say "no", complete the bk and move on. I pray that one day justice will be done, but I will not expect to come from the bankruptcy court.

Women screaming so loudly to be equal never get treated as severely as male murderers. Women kill their children, boyfriends and husbands and more often than not get very light if any jail time. So much for equality under the law.

let her so-called supporters pay her debts.

I'll pay them two cents for perpetual rights...and then seal her story in cement and toss it into the Mariana Trench. She doesn't deserve a dime. Let her bankrupt butt rot in hell.

If she owes the IRS almost $70K when are they going to prosecute her for Tax Evasion?I like that the Trustee is thinking outside the box on this, she wanted the bankruptcy to end a couple of Civil trials so when she does sell her story she keeps all of the money.  The Lawyer should be the last one paid.

Casey Anthony never told her side of the story because it must have been difficult for her to make up lies that fast.  It appears that Caylee is extracting justice from her grave.

I think Americans could give a ka-rapp about anything Casey Anthony says or does.  Unless she got run down by a herd of elephants.  Debts?  Mostly incurred by her own Attorney's fees?  Her attorney knew what he was getting into...free publicity.  It is only fitting that he gets nothing for setting her free.Justice may not have served young Caylee but it sure has seen fit to sca - rew  over the bottom feeding attorney.  As for Casey?  She can always strip for a living.

WHO THE HELL IN THERE RIGHT MIND WOULD BUY IT?

casey, another killer a lawyer put back on the street,,,  wonder if they have any feelingabout it or is it  all about money,,, if you got the money no need to go to prison in thiscountry,,,

Let her tell her story, with duct tape on her mouth, from inside a plastic bag!We all already know the story.

POS baby killer !!! i wouldn't pis on her if she was on fire !!

C'mon Casey, we all know what you are, except your idiot jury.  No one will buy your book or see your movie.  America does not love a child killer.

We already know her story.

I think we know her life story! Spoiled brat who murdered her daughter so she could party and bang dudes! The end!

She needs to scrub toilets to repay her debt.The Trustee wants it... yeah right.

To hell with her and her needs....the state should sell her story and use the money to cover the costs of the investigation, court fees, forensics, etc.Let her get a job and get on a payment plan with her creditors like everybody else. She can work out a deal with her attorneys, too. Be a shame if they only got $20.00 a month from her.

We do not need to read her poor pathetic life story as a lying child murderer...we already have. Why she is not on death row boggles my mind.....

no!!! it has all been played out on tv. shes a murderer plain and simple! she should have gotten the death penelty instead she walked free dirt bag!!!

If 100% of money went to creditors they would drop the idea.Hopefully it would sell for just exactly what's owed and not one dime more.

Something tells me she won't be at the book signing.

She has a tramp stamp so Playboy is out. Hustler or Penthouse?

A movie or book deal should be out of the question for this chump! Going bankrupt is much better than going to prison for the rest of your life which is what should have happened! So, now, she kills her daughter and gets rich for it, what a country!!

Can't wait for her to land in the gutter. Her attorney is a piece of #$%$ too. Using his defense of a murderer, which is constitutional and her right but to try to cash in because you did what should have just been done out of duty. The guy wrote a freaking book He's trash, she's trash, this case showed us the worst people our country has to offer including the jury and her parents. Just disgusting all the way around. The Don Henley song "Garden of Allah" which was originally written during the OJ debacle but could very much apply to this as well.

I still can't believe she got away with it. Is it just me, or does it seem like when women commit these crimes they are much more likely to get away with it without being found guilty or they get a heavily reduced punishment? And I don't just mean with murder cases but with women and crime in general.

She dresses pretty good for a bankrupt murderer.

Is she going to tell how and why she killed her daughter.

Her story could be sold,as long as it's sold as fiction.Just like the other lies she told Police.

how about the little dead girls story ?she should be making prison porn with Jodi Arias

No morals that is why people want to make money off of this #$%$

I won't be at the book signing.

She lied about the death of her child, who is going to believe her in a book? Unless she is willing to confess.

That might be some interesting FICTION, but I ain't interested.

She pulled an OJ Simpson, what is a remake really worth?

title : the life &amp; times of a druggie-lying-HO

Let her starve

only if she doesn't make a dime off of it for herself and has to pay back all her creditors to the full amount.

I'll give her $5 to just go away and live the rest of her miserable life in obscurity until she dies and faces a better judge.Whatever book might come of this would tell nothing.  It would be a work of fiction.

A book about Caylee's life would be better, except there is not enough material. Casey ended that story in the first chapter.

What Casey wants most is to be a celebrity. She's not likely to just fade away.

this degenerate should have been convicted and should be stoned when seen in public.

she disgusts me

Hope no one buys what these chuckleheads are trying to sell. A little girl is DEAD and a mother is out partying! Where is the justice for Caylee?

The only acceptable deal in my opinion would be to directly pay what is owed to the taxpayers and law enforcement without the funds ever going to Anthony.  And no money for lawyers.  They took the case for the publicity and they got plenty of it.

tell her story huh, she told so many lies during trial, how would anyone want to buy a book full of more lies ?????

Using Casey Anthony's daughter's death, as a means of financial gain; utterly disgusting.

It does'nt matter, she can NOT tell the truth, whatever story she tells will be false.a lawyer trying to make sure other lawyers get paid.

There is something, or should I say anything about Anthony's stroy that will never make any CENTS!

She got away with murder because of an insanely liberal jury, just like O.J.  Anyone who buys this book (which of course will be 100% lies) is supporting the death of her child.

They would make far more MONEY if they would SELL THAT A@#$^S

This case amazes me. Best Case: Her daughter accidentally drowned, and instead of seeking help, she throws her daughter in a trunk until she begin decomposing and goes on the run for a month. Worst Case: She murders her daughter, throws her body in a trunk until it begins decomposing, and goes on the run. Either way she is a criminal, a liar, and a terrible person.

She killed her child.  End of story.

Baby murderers should never be allowed to profit from their crimes.  If she needs money, let her get out and earn a living by actually "working" for once in her disgusting life.

Looking for blood money from her own daughter's death.....what a miserable %$^&amp;*

GOD, HELP US!!!!!

Trying to profit on the death of her daughter .. what a TRAMP!Noooo!!!

she needs her neck streched......and how ANYONE could have any compassion for this@*#* is beyond me. and on top of that the "creditors" that let her get almost a million in debt are SOL.

Her story can't be anything but fiction.

It should be allowed to be auctioned off for no more that $100.00 - period.  She should also be forever restricted from telling/selling her story in any way.  And that $100.00 should go to a shelter for abused children.  Casey Anthony should receive no monetary gain from her "story".   As for those to whom she owes money - oh well.  You took a chance on a pathological muderer and got what you deserved even if she didn't.

I killed my daughter because I wanted to party unencumbered by a child .... the end.

HER STORY IS NOT, even worth the proverbial 2 CENTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.

Judge should not give in.  She'll still stiff her creditors and start living high off the hog. She is a pig after all.  She better get some plastic surgery too because someone will want to do a Jack Ruby on her.

Who would want to buy it??? It would be less interesting than a cow patty baking on the ground under the hot Texas sun!

We already know your story. You killed your daughter and got away with it. Not much more to tell.

It's funny that Every-bodies comments here are negative about her selling her story... But I would bet that if a movie for Television was made 90% or more would watch it,the sad part about it is that all the people who say hell no,will be the very ones buying the book or watching the movie

Her attorney Baez wants to be paid. There is the problem. She could have had a court appointed attorney but no she needed a high profile (Baez) so I say let him suffer like her. He knows she is guilty and a fair trial she got and then some.

Why not wait until someone blows her brains out so the story can have a happy ending?

" so she can pay her debts."?! No, so she can stay in the limelight. And keep making money so she can live 'La Vida Loca'. Perfect example of a late, late, late term abortion.

Whoever feels like helping her is just as bad.  She should admit to her wrongs and feel depressed over her own daughters death.

open public records on and about everything related to this  story ...... what is there to sell ?

Let me save you millions in productions....."Wild Party Girl kills daughter, goes to jail, has trial, gets away with murder.  FIN.

Who is this trustee?  I hope he has an unlisted address and ph number.  I hope he has a burglar system and a Doberman.  I hope he knows how to protect himself.  Idiot.

a Larry Flynt Production.....

How does she owe irs if unemployed?Not only did she make demands on my time, my daughter also got more attention than me. So I killed her.The End.

"$68,540 for the Internal Revenue Service for taxes, interest and penalties"I am glad to see that the IRS is doing their job.

Please don't buy anything that she comes out with!!!! If you want to know her story, read about it online!!

She can sell it, but I ain't buyin' it.

How much of a cut does the trustee get?

If the story is. placed in the fiction category, due to the lack of truth, I could see it being prited

This woman should never be allowed to profit from the death of her daughter and surrounding trial! How often we see a POS like this get away with n horrendous act only to be able to profit later...let her do what others do...get a J O B and work! Lets pass a law in her daughters name that would prohibit people tried for such crimes from profiting from the noteriety created by their acts!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

whoever buys her story is losing money. I for one, wont pay one red cent to know her story and I wont watch it on tv for free either.  If it is advertised on a commercial, I will turn the channel.

That would be equivalent to Charles Manson getting paid for "Helter Skelter".  She should have been given life in prison.

Most of us don't want to hear it and don't care.Her life story should end in prison.

How the hell can anybody who hasn't worked for a zillion years.....owe the IRS $68,000?

going once, twice, sold to the little girl with a lemonade stand for a quarter.

Great, now she will make up a new story and blame her father, etc. etc. I would really like to see no one buy this #$%$ - but I suppose greed is bigger than integrity these days...

What do her jurists think of this?  I hope they are able to live with themselves.

Who would buy it?  Especially with the fact we still have lots of unemployment.

If she does sell it, whoever buys it will be loosing big time because I don't think anyone would buy it. I know I could care less about the little tramp and hope she gets hit by a mac truck, twice.

Casey Anthony's life story? Killed daughter, got away with it, end of story...5 page book.

If she was acquitted for murder, why does she owe so much money to the Sheriff's Dept and the court system?   Whether you like her or not, it sounds like a travesty if you're not found guilty and still have to pay for the investigation and court costs.

Shoot I'll sell my life story. Any takers?No...  she should be given a job frying chicken for any fast-food shop...  &amp; come home everyday smelling like the greasy person she is.  She can re-pay her debts that way too....

I would not give .05 for her story. That is what it would be,a story. Lost will be any facts.

I'm at a loss here, and I'm not a lawyer. If she was ruled indigent by the court, she gets a court appointed attorney, right? So why the half million bucks in attorney fees? Since she was found not guilty, shouldn't the state af florida have to absorb those court costs, etc? Don't misunderstand me, I think she's guilty as sin and should have gotten the death penalty, I'm just asking. And, $500,000 for a court appointed atty?

7/10.  Would bang.  Obviously pull out of course

It's pretty obvious how she ran up $700 K in debt, defense lawyers and experts defending her.  However, I would rather that taxpayers not have to pay it!  If the judge rules that any money from life story has to be used for debt only, and any remaining money/profit will be sent to a missing children's charity/organization I am ok with it.  However, said judge must also rule that Ms. Anthony cannot receive any money from life story.  For those of you like me who know she is guilty, read/buy the book or don't watch the movie of her life story.

Who's gonna buy any more of her lies ?

Why would I want to read about a woman that killed her daughter and got off with technicalities.  Do we get to hear about how she went out night clubbing after KILLING HER DAUGHTER.  If you are bankrupt, HOW IN THE H DO YOU HAVE A LEGAL TEAM.  Where is all this money coming from??????????????????  They're all SLIM BALLS.

If someone buys her book then they're a #$%$.

These people trying to make money off of her are nothing but leeches.

CASEY ANTHONY'S STORY, isn't worth nothing. WHO WOULD READ ABOUT A WOMAN WHO LIED CONSTANTLY. about a crime we all know who committed IT.I'd rather get a root canal from a shaky-handed dental student than buy or view any trash connected to that hoe.

This skum of the earth should get nothing.   Neither should the bloodsucking lawyers.

If it ends with Casey strapped to a table in a death chamber I'll buy it.

Wouldn't pay one cent to know her story.  It would be all lies anyhow.

I don't see why she should have to go through a judge to sell her story. She was acquitted, so I don't see where the legal holdup is. That just gives her more money to pay her creditors.

This tramp should be in jail!! Caylee did not get justice but casey will when she stands before our lord and is banished to hell for eternity!!! Rot you tramp!!

"If she knew who the murderer was for example, that would be huge."   Oh I think she knows...

Selfish spoiled Narcissistic girl likes to party, she gets pregnant and still likes to party so grandma takes care of baby,  grandma tries to get her daughter to help out with baby, so selfish girl pretends to love baby long enough to kill it.   THERE STORY TOLD.  Not much more useful information beyond that.

She had plenty of time to tell 'her story' in court.  Do you now expect her to confess and tell all or tug at your heart strings for all the abuse she has endured ?  Liar, liar ... and how is this going to help poor Caylee, you remember, a sweet child that was murdered.

Let her sell her life story, but every penny should go into a fund for children of abused parents.Who in their right mind would pay anything for her life story?  What would her book be titled- Maybe "How A No-Class #$%$ #$%$ Can Get Away With Murder"  a do it yourself user guide to kill your kid!

Just because the police and prosecutors screwed up their case, we should not contribute further to the debasement of the murdered child.  Anyway, her story is simple - Grew up (somewhat) into a party girl - got pregnant and had baby - baby inconvenient to party girl lifestyle so she got rid of baby - got away with the murder and now wants to make money to continue party girl life.  The End.  Who would pay money for that story ?

Wouldn't be funny if no one bid for this "story"?  What a waste of flesh.

I will spit on anyone I see reading her book.

She will follow in OctoMom's footsteps and start stripping and doing porn..

Oh please..she owes her attorney?..he knew she couldnt pay him when he took the case..that is his fault...... Who wants to pay her debts?...but Hey, if people do want to pay to see it...she shouldnt get one cent from 'her story' which will likely be all lies ..So ok, let her sell her story, then donate every dime to childrens charities..and let her get a job cleaning dumpsters or toilets..

I didn't think criminals could profit from their horrendous crimes, no wait, she's like O.J, they both got away with murder.

Who is going to pay this crazy person millions of dollars for her to NOT admit to killing her daughter? F****ing crazy B**ch!

I'm all for seizing all available assets to pay off debts before letting somebody welch on their debts in bankruptcy court.  But, I don't accept that your unpublished life story is a physical asset that can be seized.  If parts of it were published in a book, like in Simpson's case, sure - take the book, that's a tangible asset.  But to say all that you ever were, your life, your memories, everything now belongs to someone else - just in case it proves to be valuable in the future, establishes a precedent I'd rather not see.  Remember, this doesn't just apply to the very hate-able Anthony.  Whatever gets decided will be repeated over and over on other cases till the end of time.

The story will only be worth the money if she tells it, which she cannot be forced to do legally.  She would get a lot more selling it herself, than than someone else weaving a story of theory.She gets no sympathy from me, and neither do her lawyers.

ahh, yeah, of course she knows who the murderer is, she sleeps with her every night of her life!

"If she knew who the murderer was for example, that would be huge. That would be the biggest news story of the year."   Oh, I think she knows who did it.  Call the book "Look in the Mirror-A Murders confession"  I wonder if she confessed if there is any legal recourse??  Probably not because of double jeopardy.  But,  there could be civil rights violations or loss of life and liberty brought against her on behalf of her dead daughter and beisdes she could never live it down so she must deny, deny, deny.....

I can't tell who's the bigger criminal here, Casey herself or her lawyers. Is there no shame???

Boo-freaking-hoo...How dare she profit off her daughter's death. It will make a lot of crazy people think they can do the same.  She should just make a porn movie like Octomom and any other of these low-life actresses and she'll be set for life--yeah, that's how crazy our world is...

she is not worth 1 thin dime, let alone her life story. or is the worthless gold digging lawyer

Yes with all the proceeds going to the missing and exploited childrens foundation

I really don't care about her side of the story. Why should I bother to pay for watching/reading her lies?

We aren't interested and don't want her story.  Would be fine if she just had to live under a bridge and be homeless the rest of her life.

As far as I'm concerned,..........NO  SALE!!!!!!!!We all heard her story, and it stinks.  Who would pay for her sorry story?  NOT ME.....

Who cares!  She is a baby killer that got away with it!  Why would we want to read her life story?  Its probably going to be a fabrication anyway.  I honestly don't believe her father abused her and she just used that to get her acquittal.

Don't pay her seven cents let alone seven figures for her story.  We all know she killed her daughter, so what else is there for her to tell us that we don't already know?  Let her ROT IN HER OWN DEBT&gt;&gt;&gt;

She is such a great story teller, she should write some fiction novels... no one says she can't write about other things...

I"ll pimp her out.

........................................NOT GUILTY!.................................the court says so..?

Do anything you can to keep her from getting a cent. She murdered her bay. Forget her in the shadows from whence she came.

They should do a carnival style dunk tank. I'd give at least $100 to see her dropped in a vat of acid.

I hope this #$%$ rots in hell and also the people who want to profit off this monster.

How will the trustee tell another persons story? Vulcan mind meld?It was just a matter of time before she wanted to make money off her dead child. Just because the courts found her innocent does not mean the rest of America found her innocent. One way or another he is responsible for her childs death and then tried to cover it all up. Hey Obama could use #$%$ like here in his cabinet. Lies, cover ups, and greed. That is Obama motto..

If she really wanted to tell her story - SHE SHOULD'VE TESTIFIED !!!!

Maybe she can find a pimp to work for?

Just do a porn video.

Who wants to know "Her Story". She is a cold hearted "B@T%H. She should have been in jail for life.

In reality she could admit to the murder and not be prosecuted. Sadly that would be a huge story that Hollywood would pay big bucks for!

'$500,000 for attorney fees and costs for Jose Baez'To get a child killer set free - Priceless.

Worthless (b)itch killed her daughter.. anything else you'd like to know??

Let the civil suits begin (a la Ron Goldman's father) to deny her either a moments peace or any recompense for murdering her daughter.

These rich lawyers took the case knowing they might never get paid.  They should just live with that fact and eat the loss.If by some miracle Jodi Arias gets aquitted, she'll be in the same position Casey Anthony is in - maybe worse. She'll get something, it's just a matter if it's 20 yrs., or death.

A killer or a lawyer, who is worse?!

Will NEVER watch or buy it .. Could care less about her life after what she has done... Not one penny out of me!!!!

Well if she sold her rights for a few million that would easily pay off the 800k and she would be all set with a few million and royalties coming in, that would be the smart play.

Stop your whining.  Do what you have to,but do what the rest of us do and to GET A JOB!  Move out of the state, change your name...whatever...

From rags ...to riches...to rags...Lmao

The prosecutor who tried this case on the basis of 'she's a bad person' but forgot that he needed evidence to prove her guilty of murder gets elected State attorney and the showboat defense lawyer wants a half million bucks.  Only in America....

I wouldn't do it Casey. I would do the bankruptcy and then move to Chile and sell the story from there. Screw those meat wagon chasing slime balls.

Hopefully NOBODY WILL BUY THE BOOK........let the killing beyotch sink!

What the hell is she going to write about? The only thing she's known for, is the murder of her daughter!Supposing this pays off all the debt she has NOW, what happens next time she's in deep?

yeah step-hen meininger smells "$"!....is this dirt-bags story anything?.....caylee is getting sick in heaven,but is at least being comforted by the divine one!.......a place casey will never vision.......she better get prepared for some eternel "heat"!

I'm more inclined to read or hear about Caylee's life story, it would be a short and sad reading though. I keep thinking about her doped and taped in the trunk of the car while Casey partied hardy and forgot she was there. I think about her body then discarded like so much trash in a flooded swampy area.A little girl died and no one was too blame and no one was guilty yet Caylee is still dead.I don't want to hear Casey's life story.

"Casey Anthony's life story"She was born crazy, she killed her baby and got away with it, she is a liar and now lives on charity, end of story.

The judge should allow her to sell her story so she can pay her creditors. The rest of the money should go to a fund to help abused children.

it would all be a lie anyway

Lets ship her off to North Korea and be done with her.

It's sad how so many people say someone found guilty is obviously guilty if convicted, but when they're found innocent they're still guilty. I'm discouraged by how many people are hateful and heartless.

she should be in jail and on death row

Yes, she has a good reason to want to do this, but I for one have no desire to read about her or see a movie about her. But wait - Lindsay Lohen could play her?We already know her life story......we watched it during the trial......that was more than enough.  Her and her lawyers are pure evil #$%$.

Why not sell it?  Gore sells!  All the wackos out there would love it!  Put her in the line up with the rest of the crazies like Jodi Arias, TJ Lane, Jeff Dahmer and for that matter add Charles Manson and whomever else I missed which is a lot.  They should all get together and write a  chapter in the book on their gore and horror and make all the proceeds go back to the families of the victims they snuffed out.  I am so damn sick and tired of parasites profiting off their sickness.  What a sick ars society!

why arent they looking for to killer, it seems like the police have stopped looking, and this woman should never receive a dime for her story.

who would even want to buy this book, or anything she does she is  a horrible human being and should have gone to prison and gotten the death penalty, but 12 stupid jurors let her walk free, and  caylee is the one that got death

prostituting a pig....

Sell her story? I know more about her than I ever wanted to....let her sell her plasma.

No way will I buy anything that pertains to her or those lawyers that defended her.

Why shouldn't she make some money from HER story?  The media seems to be demanding it.

The title of her book will be How I Got Away With Murder.

Hopefully a very good sniper is outside waiting for this *itch.Unemloyed?  Really?  How hard has she tried to get a job?  Seems if she thinks there is one idiot out there interested in her story, then that same idiot would want her in their storefront.  Is MCDonalds to low for her to work?  What a cry baby....no sympathy to a cold hard killer.

i would rather read her kids life story, right up til she smothered her and hide her body....

How about "The Casey Anthony child daycare center"  With poo,,l and Dad as Janitor..!!! They are Shameless..The lawyers too..

Sure, but, the proceeds go to a Child Abuse Charity. Using her child, who she killed, is just about as horrible as one can get. Beside, there would be NOTHING in the book that is true.

I thought she already had a book published. Or was it just a rumor?

How about she get's a job like the rest of us!!

Since she was unemployed and bankrupt, why in the world would she hire a $500K lawyer instead of using a public defender? She and her lawyer should get zero!

What morons are sending this woman money? Even if you think she MIGHT be guilty, you still don't know for sure.

I knew it. I freakin knew it. I knew she was gonna sell her story, and make massive profit, just like OJ. I hope a judge garnishes the income, just like in OJ's case.

Do not let Casey Anthony or the trustee benefit financially from the death of Caylee.   Casey's life story is not worth a dime and no one should live their life as she did.  The trustees are just trying to cash in on their investment.Like the video says, odds are she will not have to pay the lawyers, the civil fines or the sheriffs expenses as those debts will be wiped out. Then in a year or so she will sell the rights to her fiction book (we all know she will never tell the truth) and make a lot of money. She has gotten away with murder, defaming her own parents and will now dodge her financial responsibilities and come out with a large nest egg.

Kill your kid...Get away with it...Profit from it.Ah the American dream.

The buzzards dont want to go away with nothing, so they are trying to force her to sell her story, so they can have the money.

I hope she starves to death.

Puke...I hope no one ever buys anything about her ever! Poor Caylee anyone remember HER?

She Got off because she and her father said that the tot had drowned in the Pool.That she be a question to ask why was it not reported at the time of the drowning.Instead we find her remains in a plactic bag even with the duct tape and hair samples in the woods...If innocent i ask why she and her family waited so long and caused this to become a trial that sure never had been processed at the tax payer's exspence now she created the Bill's and now wants us again to bail her out of debt which she created by Buying her story .I SAY Hell NO.

She should never be able to profit from the murder of her daughter

Go flip burgers you #$%$ you are not allowed to profit from killing your kid.

So she only owes 1 dollar in Attorney fee's?? Good because at least idiot will buy the book,,,,

NO she should not be able to sell anything related to this child's death! She should be hounded, sues, prosecuted at every corner &amp; never allowed to live a normal life. She is dirty rotten trash. The length of time her little girl was missing without her saying anything should speak volumns as to the type person she is.Ah, trial by the news media.  The teaser in Yahoo include the word "ploy", just a little bias showing.  She has no value to me, I'd rather not ever here anything about her, it is the medias handling of it I find disturbing.

will the book be called "I didnt do it, but if i had, this is how i would have done it"

OJ also wrote a book, although he owes the Goldmans millions of dollars, they have yet to see a dime.

At this point in the eyes of the law, she is a free person and has every right to file for bankruptcy. She's better off waiting until she files and has only the IRS debt to settle, then sell her story.

That womon needs to be strapped in the Electric Chair, or Gas Chamber

milk her for whatever she can get as long as she does not see one cent from whatever she can earned ...

You're crazy if you buy this rotten baby-killer's book!

Must have the same fashion adviser as Jack Abramoff

I'll give you six cents and a half a donut!

She neglected her daughter to death, so neglecting some bills won't kill her. Lawyers just smell a payday.Nobody wants to hear her life story.

I hope she is not allowed to profit from her daughter's death.

what's the point? Her story would just be a lie anyway. She'd make up so much stuff to try to get pity. I can't believe she has friends and is getting handouts!

Is it not bad enough that this killer got away with killing her only child? Do we really want the injustice of her profiting from it. I for one couldn't care less if Jose Baez doesn't get paid for defending this POS. Also the story would mean absolutely nothing coming from the mouth of this pathological liar. Keep living off of your friends you pathetic loser. I'm sure even they will eventually get sick of your lies!!!!

Hope she ends up living in a van down by the sewer!!!

who wants to read a book of lies?

times like this  make me question when did God quit

I'd make a Casey Anthony joke, but my mom would kill me...

Her story is worth 7 figures, who would want to hear this insane #$%$??

Whoever buys the rights to this trash's life should be shot.Who would buy that worthless POS story., and that is exactly what it will be a story. Just like the numerous ones she told her parents, police and the court

Someone needs to pimp slap this lady! The freaking winch killed her baby, made a mockery of the US courts and now the heifer got this wild money making idea! Pimp slap her already!

I couldnt care less about Casey Anthonys life story. Id much rather read Caylee Anthonys life story. Caylees story was cut very short and I think Casey had something to do with it.I hope the judge denies the motion.

some people will do immoral things for money !!!

And you fools will buy it, thats how stupid we are.

if its the part where she tells the truth and goes to prison I want to hear it. She must know the double jeopardy law but they can still charge her with child endangerment and lying on the stand but not for murder.

Can't see forcing someone's life story into a settlement for bankruptcy....that is pushing their luck.

wothe hell wouldrad any #$%$ she wrote

Under the bankruptcy laws she would not get a penny. If any money is recovered from the sale of the "story" it will all go to paying her creditors. If there is no sale the creditors get nothing. She can not lose either way.

i'd like to see her go on Steve Wilcos show and tell her story,plus a lie detector test asking her how she killed her little girl,how about Casey?I was curious as to what would come next for this poor excuse for a human and her maggot lawyer. I knew it would either be a book deal or a movie because the greed factor never fades; it just waits until the smoke clears. Only in America

What's the title going to be?  "Me and My Pal, OJ"?

#$%$ deserves NOTHING...........

She could of had a court appointed attorney for free, that would have saved her $500K.

Never going to stop.

It's a shame that she wasn't married to OJ.

This piece of #$%$ needs to get a job and work the rest of her pitifull life.

boycott whoever gives her a cent.

she will always be in debt, ans about her life story? one word " Looser"and IF she owes the IRS that Much money, she must have earned something since the trial, Pay up or jail time

She wants to sell her story to pay her debts AFTER she filed bankruptcy?  I will NEVER buy or watch anything that has to do with that MURDERER or her family.  $10,00.0 or up to 7 figures?  Somebody has sucker written all over them.I give them 50 cents. That is all it is worth.

Yes, let's all buy the book so the lecherous #$%$ can make a dollar of the dead baby...

she has time to have another one and murder it on jersey shore for big money

I can tell her story in one sentence: She is a drunken #$%$ who killed her child when she became inconvenient to the mother's partying.

She can have Obama co write the book and they can call it Our Book of Dirty Little Lies.

"Trustee wants to sell Casey Anthony's life story"Ah life, the thing she took away from her daughter.

Right now someone needs to start a web campaign to boycott anything this woman does. Americans owe it to her daughter to not give this miserable excuse for a human being a single solitary penny.

Stop sending this baby killer money! Please.

Anyone who writes a so called TELL ALL book is desperate and the money. I won't be buying it

Why are the US marshals surrounding her in the photo above...?This is BANKRUPTCY COURT.  Quit spending my tax money protecting this w#ore...I KNEW IT!! I knew she would eventually try to pen a book and then knowing Hollywood, they will pay her millions to make the movie version.

She belongs in jail and then wouldnt need any money-leave the sharks (attorneys) eat the debt

Tell her story???How do you know what she says in the truth.  They don't need to pay for an untrue story, blame her parents again, sounds like another Jodi Airis to me.  Anyone who would allow her daughter to be dumped in the woods, needs to be in the pen for life at least.

"$68,540 for the Internal Revenue Service for taxes".  Even the IRS wants some even though she didn't work, or hasn't been working.  Incredible.

Damn, damn, double damn, triple damn, NO.

Get a JOB. Pay your debt.

personally i hope Baez doesn't get a cent!

LOL...  She's stiffing her attorney...Serves him right...  For getting her murdering a## out of jail...

Thumbs way up to they guy willing to lay out 10k to buy her story so she cant ever make money telling it again.  I just hope when her story does finally come out the last chapter explains how some horrific accident took place and she died, like on her way driving to the bank to deposit the check from telling her story.

Guys, guys...listen something is deeper the this.....the system are hiding something and it needs to be addressed.I doubt she could ever tell the truth, we have another, Jodi Arias just like her.  Women like these two are scary, men are attracted and can't believe how evil they are.

here is an idea...Casey get a frekin job......Mcdonalds won't care who you are but they will teach you how to flip burgers

People send this #$%$ money??????

I wonder who is going to buy her book? OJ comes to mind.

Is she too good to join the ranks of the homeless who never killed anyone??????

If she did shame on anyone that would buy it.This murderer deserves nothing.

the most hated woman in america wants to sell a book,GOOD LUCK YOU EVIL MURDERING #$%$.

No presumption of innocence ever.  She was even found not guilty.  Public opinion is tough.

as a consultant on how to get away with murder? why doesnt she spend her time trying to find the"real killer?" oooh yeah thats right.

Casey only cares about one person: herself.  Listen to her talk, and it's always: me, me, me, me, me, me.  Trying to profit off the death of her child, and how in the heck can you believe anything she says since she only knows how to lie......wish we had debtors prison... now that would be KARMA!!!

OJ 2.0, when will this finally end?

I would not have anything to do with this piece of garbage.

That dirtbag's next stop ought to be the gas chamber.

"best way to maximize the value for the Estate and its creditors."What estate is that? Here come the lowest of the low. The bottom feeders of society. Those who literally do anything for a buck. Are you convinced yet that lawyers/politicians are the lowest, most disgusting human beings on the planet?

The moronic #$%$ on the Florida jury that aquitted her should pay all her legal bills. I never saw 12 dumber mother f'ers in my life!!!!

I'm not saying shes guilty but I do believe she knows what happened

I'll give her 20 bucks if she kills herself!!      =)

The First Amendment gives her the Right to tell her side of the story.

So who did it then ... tell that story.What's in it for her? Screw her and her lawyers. I would rather BURN the book then read it. Most likely it would be FULL of LIES..

She couldn't tell the truth to save her daughter, she couldn't tell the truth in court but she can tell the truth in a book???? I can't buy that....

Why she needs permission from the judge to tell her story?  This is a free country....are they hiding something is the ?   Who is the father of her child?

What part of NO don't these people understand--this is just wrong making money off a dead little girl and her murderer mother no less.

If anyone buys her story to either publish or make into a movie - I hope they lose every penny they invest in it and then some.  One thing is for certain. I won't be helping them make any money on it.

Am I the only one that thinks the jury got the verdict right based soley off of evidence? The state never proved the case, so by law the jury had to let her go. Im not saying she is innocent, im saying the jury got it right based off the little evidence the state presented.

She could do the sequel to "2 Girls, 1 cup."

Lets write a book on little Kaley... it will be a short story though...

Comcast would hire her.

Will this book be fiction or non-fiction?Bankruptcy is the least of her sins.

Her life story?  She's a ho and a murderer.  THE END

if she can't make money off her kid why keep her, oh that right she didn.t

After her story is published and her debt paid to the lawyers, Casey will be free, but will she really be free?  The aspiring party queen will want to go back to her partying ways and instead of being just the party girl she was, she still wants that lofty perch of party queen and hold court because she wants to be noticed as the quintessential party queen.   However she will never make her goal of being the top party queen recognized among the partying elite.  She will be bird dogged the rest of her days for murdering her little daughter, which she did

Any story or book about her would have to be filed under fiction.

Yes , by all means feed this narcisist,  good idea(not).

She is a Known liar . So whatever she says isn't worth a penny !What is known could be written by any one for nothing .She never reported her child missing . She went shopping and partied .She lied to her friends about where her child was .She avoided her family and lied to them .She lied to Police .Pointed the finger at her own father to save her own A .The jury were idiots .She was at lest guilty of neglect . How in the H do you let your child goes missing and not report it ?No One should make money off this murdered child !

This #$%$ should be made to pay her debts.  She should not be allowed to make a penny from any movie rights

If this book gets published - HOPEFULLY MOST WILL BOYCOTT IT. If only a few books are sold, or lots are produced and just sitting on shelves "collecting dust" the better we will all feel - unless you are someone who thinks she wasn't guilty that is.

The hat in the picture she wore to court..............proves this chick has no taste........she must have thought she was going on a modeling stint!  Lose the hat loserIf this happens I hope that just enough people buy the book to help her pay what she owes and then the book is pulled off the shelves. No need for her to have any extra money. She only needs to pay what is owed. I just wonder who (besides some delusional folks) would want to buy a book that tells nothing but lies about what she supposedly didn't do to her daughter??

VILE

anyone that buys her book will be a loon

Her "life story" isn't worth a plug-nickel. So if the BK attornies are good with that, then fine. They can fight over that.

Who would want to read a bunch of lies anyway?

She could have a promising future in porn.  I'm sure her brand would sell and her earning potential would be unlimited.

Anyone who doesn't believe in the devil only needs to look as far as this.... thing that walks the earth.

I say no. Let her get a minimum wage job (something she has never done) and try to pay all of her bills the old-fashioned way.......

OJ can  ghost write it for her!

Heres an idea.... Get a JOB!!    Clown in the shark dunk tank at SeaWorld sounds good!!If she does have someone write a book for her, anyone who would be interested in reading her lies are probably just as disgusting as Anthony herself.  It will interesting to see just how many "lovers of baby murderers" we have in this nation.

Maybe one of those idiot jurors can buy it. They are the only ones who seemed to believe her.

What's next, her making money posing as a pin-up in a duct tape manufacturer's calendar?

Although there may not be a legal way to stop her from making money from the crime she is obviously guilty of, everyone should BOYCOTT any printer, studio, network or media that allows Anthony to make even a penny.

The only thing she needs to do is fill her bath with water and rid us of her pathetic puke of an excuse for a life. Any company or person who buys those rights should be raked over hot coals for their stupidity. DO NOT GIVE THIS WOMAN ANYTHING. She certainly deserves none of it.

Let her sell her story and have nobody care.  She is literally the most hated person in America.Damm lawyers just want to get paid.

Here I wrote her life story in few words....SLEEZING in bars -#$%$ acts and abandoning and then killing her own daughter only to be hounded by VULTURES sorry reporters and media who make money and ratings off trash..She was found not guilty probably by liberal fat welfare slobs in florida and now wanted to repay her legal fees.  Hopefully this story will end with her hanging herself or throwing herself off some bridge one day---- oh and video taping it for our happy satisfaction?

I didn't buy or read OJ's and I won't buy or read hers. Anyway, hers will be nothing but a fiction book since she lies about everything.

Who cares about the life story of a baby killer?

I wonder if the police follower her or keep watch on her every move ? I also wonder when she goes into a store such as walmart does the walmart security follow her around the store..? how does a person like that live every day ..Will she be able work without been tormented by people at work ?I'm with you Jdibbs...I will never watch or read anything that will profit her...for one thing, she will never tell the truth about anything, anyway, so what's the point?

wouldn't spend 1 cent on her life story, murderess

people that buy her lies need locked up as well, and checked for mental stability!

Nothing like back-door financing. The only Casey Anthony story anyone will read or watch will be an Ann Rule story - you know, the TRUTH!

"Anthony has never told her side of the story, despite intense media scrutiny of the case." What are you talking about? She has told her side many times it has just kept changing. I wonder what version she will tell this time? I can guarantee that all the blame will fall on others. Her parents, her brother, and probably even her boyfriend will each get a nice dose of blame. Casey will be the victim as always.

Pity me......One can tell that she wears rags from the dumpster and a haircut made with a pot on her head. Poor woman...Sarcasm intended.....Still the user and schemer, this disgusting person...And her daughter is still dead, while she goes on living a life she craved...without responsibilities.....

Karma will get her,.Bet the house on it....

Whether through negligence, ignorance, or outright criminal behavior, Casey Anthony was complicit in the death of her child. She should not be allowed to make her way, nor should her attorney be allowed a huge fee, by selling her sordid story. How she could have incurred such a huge debt? Who loaned her anything that would amount to $700k +, with the expectation she would reimburse them?

Please let's all vow not to buy or read or watch ANYTHING that allows her to make money off of that sweet baby's death.  Let her go out and earn a living.  She is nothing but a POS.

Look at her freakin face! Look so arrogant, mean and controlling.  The Sex industry is her next move.  She is heading toward Octomom path...Just shows how America has some of the Dumbest people alive and will do anything for a buck. So disgraceful this nation has become.

Really, sell her story to help her?

Did not her lawyers say at one point they were pro bono?

There would be very few who would even read it. Only a few of her crazy delusional fans would. I wouldn't even read it for free.

let her rot in jail if she can't pay her debt! The story of her dead daughter shouldn't help her out in any way!

All you need to do is get transcripts from the court. Her entire life was put out on the table. The only thing the prosecution didn't put up is evidence to support the charge of murder.

Who's telling Caylee's story?  Oh yeah.  She didn't live long enough to really have one.

Society has  already seen her life story on CNN for free...and most won't pay to read the next version. Time to move on.

Hope she has to live in fear for her life for the rest of her life.

so who is gonna PAY to know the life of a baby killer????What would the title be? Lies, Lies and More Lies?Oh wait, isn't that the title of BH0s' new book?

Maybe she could babysit to make the money. Or open a daycare center.

Only story I would like to read about her is the obits

Heck, this bankrupsy ploy was hatched by Cayce Anthony's legal eagles right after Cayce  was acquited  That's why she's had ZERO employment since the trial ended.  Just a sneaky way to sell Anthony's story and make big bucks.  Just watch...it'll happen. If you get the right attorney's, crime does pay.

Didn't we already hear her life story in court? Or was that a lie, too?

I won't read the book, I will not watch the movie, and though she was found not guilty, I believe she is, and does not deserve any recognition,

I like the idea of the one bidder.  Buy the rights as cheap as possible then sit on them.  Permanently.  Don't allow her to publish &amp; sensationalize the death of her daughter.

"If she knew who the murderer was for example, that would be huge". Oh but I think she knows alright

I'll give her 5 bucks for a #$%$ job...

No one wants to read about it!she should never profit off MURDERING her daughter Caylee, just because the jury found her not guilty we all know she did it. She may not be paying for her crime in prison where she belongs, she is reaping her punishment on the outside.

Why is she still getting breaks?  Hopefully, no one will buy her "story" because she will simply carry on with her lies.   What an opportunity for her to name another victim of her penchant for her lying, and call that hapless individual the "murderer" of her daughter when she well knows it is she who did the killing.

Book by crooks,, don't buy.

Since when should someone have to ask a judge's permission to tell their story?  She was convicted of NOTHING!!! Regardless of what anyone thinks!!!  She should still have any right to her freedom of speech!!!  I would do it regardless!!!

Let the story be told- as long as everyone she owes money to is payed in full- and the rest { if any } is given to a charity of her choice..

Wonder what her parents and brother are doing these days, dummying up like they did during the trial?  They're all involved in the coverup, if not the killing.

Every time I see an article about Casey Anthony it's like picking open a scab just as it starts to heal.

The title?"I Got Away With It!"

Casey Anthony's life story...How to kill your kid and get a way with it.

Pay her debts? There are veterans that fought in wars that are living homeless on our streets begging for change for a friggin cup of coffee and a cigarette. I don't expect many are going to give a #$%$ if this baby killer, declared innocent by a court or not, sleeps under a bridge. I know I am not going to lose any sleep over it.It was only a matter of time.

I rather watch paint dry....

She has already sold her soul, now they should sell he body to be turned into pigs feed.

I can't believe we are still giving this evil person publicity!

She must admit that she killed Caylee on all the major news channels.

How would you know if it's really her life story?  The wench is a pathological liar, among other things.  She would probably just make it up in her fairytale mind, surely trying to make herself 'the victim.'  She might as well be dead along with the daughter she killed.  She is a waste of human life.

She knows who the murderer is. Everybody knows who the murderer is.

I can only hope that people ..... WON"T BUY IT !

I don't have an issue with Casey Anthony as I accept there are F'd up people in the world. I do have an issue with anyone that would support her directly or indirectly. I.e. buying her life story.

Has anyone ever heard her say, "I won't rest until I find out what happened to my daughter???"You escaped your jail time, but you won't escape your reputation

Oversized coat and stomach larger in the above picture?  In Florida in March?

What  does it say about our society that there is market for a story about this horrid woman?

she should just change her name and get a job

She should first pay Mrs Gonzales for ruining her reputation and making her life hell - she owes

Here it is........NO ONE, not one single person should be allowed to make money from that innocent child's death at the hands of her mother.  If the lawyers want their blood money, she can frigging intern for their law firm for the rest of her worthless life.  SHE should have to pay them with HER toil and labor, not by selling the story of her child's death.THIS IS ONE EVIL B.......I.......T........C.......H!

Unfortunately, there are a lot of idiots who would buy the book.

How does a low life #$%$ bag little girl owe the IRS $68,000.  ??Her lawyers took the case knowing she had on money. Screw them!!!She shouldn't get a dime for murdering her daughter.What in the world is this country coming to???Lawyers have no morals at all and buy the way, most politicians are lawyers.

She should not be allowed to profit from the death of that beautiful little girl.  She is an evil person and any book written about her story is only going to be filled with lies to try to make her  a saint.   What kind of Bankruptcy court is she in anyway.  It would be a waste of time NOBODY wants more to hear or read more lies from her.  If the courts, allow this then any proceeds should be confiscated and given to abused children.  Even the Banruptcy Overseasers fee for writing the book.  NOBODY SHOULD BE ABLE TO PROFIT FROM THE MURDER OF THIS CHILD IT IN ANY WAY.

Hopefully the new movie will end with casey's body being found in a drainage ditch.my plan s to wait 31 days before i do anything.

What story is there to be told?  "How to kill" seems like all that I can think of.  She doesn't deserve a dime of any profit.  It should be given to a charity.

Let her do it. Maybe she'll buy enough crack and kill herself with it

How sick.  I didn't pay all that much attention to the trial, but what little I did watch, I saw no signs of a grieving mother who lost a beautiful innocent child.  Without a doubt, I have to "assume" she did the deed.  If that is true, then she should NEVER be allowed to profit, even to pay some parasite lawyer.

Maybe she should join forces with OJ to seek out the "real" killers.

I won't touch it!

Jury's make mistakes, this is one of them. Stupid jury let her go, she should be able to do what she wants.

do not give this #$%$ one red penny!  Convicted or not she's guilty, do not allow her to profit from that poor childs death...

The bottom line here is that Casey Anthony was found not guilty in a court of law by a jury of her peers and should be allowed to live out her life in peace as any of you would want to do. The court of public opinion is nothing more than misguided conjecture brought on by a nasty old hag (Nancy Grace), who tried from the beginning to twist public opinion and skew the facts. Had Nancy Graceless not begun her tirade, Casey Anthony would probably have been found guilty for lack of proper legal representation (public pretender).

You know the ending.  She will spin the story to make her sound like a saint.  Not worth reading let alone wasting your money on.T.R.A.S.H.

"If I Did It" - Casey Anthony

Why didn't she take the stand and tell her story, in court?

Good grief, haven't we heard all we need to from this crazy #$%$?

She is the lowest of the low and should not be allowed to profit from the murder of her own child. She can't tell the truth, why would you want to buy the book, it would just be all lies.

what's to tell....low life gets knocked up young like a lot of women today, lowlife wants to keep partying but kid gets in the way, low life kills kid and tries to keep partying. any questions?

I think she and her cohorts should be in jail. How was she not convicted? Was there no evidence?

If it's coming from her....it would be all lies anyway, so what's the point?

Yeah, we want to read all about this child killers life, lawyers will do anything to get more money.

How can she tell a story where she didn't do it, yet tell who the killer really is?  Everyone knows who killed that baby.  I wouldn't pay for a book that would benefit her in any way, when the answer is and has been obvious.We know her story already and we aren't impressed.

Give her a million dollar check, let her look at it a minute, and then #$%$ it away from her and pay her debts, and then spit on her, set her loose, and karma will handle the rest.

Wait let me guess.Lower middle class, stupid, psychopathic, white girl with low self-esteem and poor moral values gets pregnant and decides after 3 years that motherhood is not her 'thing'. Instead of giving daughter up for adoption, murders daughter and attempts to cover up the mess.District Attorney over reaches prosecution and stupid, psychopathic, white girl is found NOT GUILTY of the murder and released.Community is outraged. Fearing for her life, stupid, psychopathic, white girl goes into hiding for the rest of her life. Location unknown at this time.Movie adaptation would be great ...AFTER her untimely death.

And if she is not willing to tell a story what then? They let the prosecution who did such a great job with the trial make it up?

we reeeally need the florida sinkhole to throw this trash away ASAP.

how did she owe income taxes?  she had no income.  Obviously we are missing something.  The IRS cannot be owed money on no income.  $68,000 is a lot of money to owe for taxes.  Get your story straight or the court is not checking her debts very good.

WE could fix her with duct tape. It seems only fitting.

So no porn?

She was found "not guilty".  As hard as that was to believe, that's the final verdict.  I see no rationale for denying her the right to tell (or sell) her story.

JODI ARIAS, CASEY ANTHONY, should share the same cell together if that were possible. similar personalities pathological LIERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.My guess is that she had events happen in her upbringing that led to her making mistakes with Caylee, including being part of her death and subsequent cover-up.  By being found "not guilty", she can never be re-tried for her death and is now ready to pass the responisibilty to her parents and generate sympathy.  Much like O.J. Simpson's book "If I Did It".  When are we, as a society, going to get serious about people taking ownership of their choices and mistakes?  The jury was wrong and she got away with it.

She knows who the murderer is. She sees her everyday in the mirror.

if Anthony would gt even $1.00 I say no, because she would be profiting from her daughter's death

I wouldn't give her a dime. If she didn't kill her daughter, she knows who did. She partied while here little girl lay dead. She is one messed up female.

Not guilty verdict, I wonder why.  Here's what I know: (1) She took more pictures of her daughter than I've taken of my kitten/cat. (2) She had a built in baby sitter. (The grand parents) (3) An average of 2 children PER DAY drown in pools.  (4) The grandfather was a cop.  This not guilty verdict was easy to predict.

She'll get rich.  Sadly to say but the inquiring minds will help her meet her goal.

Why is she getting preferential treatment?   An escort of U.S. Marshals?  Seriously?

How can she owe $61K in court cost when she was found not guilty?

In addition to all else that people are calling her,  she is a LIAR!! Anyone of us could write her life story any way we chose and it would probably be closer to the truth than anything she is going to "tell".

"She said that she is living with friends and that those friends — and strangers who send her gift cards and cash — help her survive. "Ahhh, poor baby killer...  Go to hell bitc#...Jose Baez...Karma's a bitc# isn't it?

Can't she suck more D***?

She's 26...  She hasn't had enough of a life for anyone to care...She's nothing but a lowlife that murdered her own child so she could party with friends...

Waffel House is hiring.

That's a story better left told to a CELL MATE.

....how about a photo shoot in "Hustler"?

Only a complete loser would want to buy this piece of trash's story.  We heard your story and you are a liar.  I wouldn't give you one cent.

perhaps she should get a job

fine if she pays bills with it and not put in her bank acct. If she enriches herself from killing this little girl then a whole lot of child deaths might be in our countrys future!

She killed her child and her life was priceless. Unfortunately so is yours Casey. Nobody cares what happens to you when you do such a horrible thing to an innocent child.who would buy a story from a liar

I guess it is alrlight to buy the book if one wants to pay her for killing a child. I wouldn't spit on her if she were on fire.

"Anthony, who is now 26, was acquitted of murder in 2011 in the death her 2-year-old daughter, Caylee."-Anyone who wants to disput this &amp; INSIST she's guilty (like MANY of you here), need to shut up.  You don't know s***!  Were YOU on the jury?  No?  Then you have NO right to pass judgement on her.

Let her defense attorney support her he's probably doing her anyway.

Wish somebody would just run over this POS!  What a tragedy of justice.  The ability to cash in on abusing and murdering a child is obscene!!!!

And one still wonders why people HATE lawyers?

NO...  HELL NO.... Make this cretant work at Mc Donalds and pay back every red cent she owes...  Do not let her sell the story of her Murdering her daughter......  How Sick some people are.............

I do agree with many of the sentiments beign said on the board, but fact is she was found not guilty.  My guess is she'll be able to sell her story because there are enough stupid people out there to buy the book and/or watch the movie.  I will not be one of them.

We don't want to hear her life story. we want to hear her baby's life story and how she died.

Is she using the same publisher OJ did for "What If I Did It"?freeky deeky ...gotta playroom for her...

No shortcuts for the devil.  Get an effing job!

She wasn't cleared of murder.  She just wasn't convicted.  Big difference.

Ummm . . . . .NO!!!

She should be facing a needle....

Caylee Anthony is the only one who has the story to tell. Sadly, her mother didn't want her to tell it.

Offering her 10 grand to keep her story from being told is ludicrous.  NO ONE should offer her a penny and if she trys to tell it herself, no one should watch it or read it.  She deserves nothing.She may have been found not guilty of murder.  That doesn't make her less of a piece of #$%$.

She should have been thrown into the woodchipper.

can just image the title  "how I killed my child and am getting away with it"no thanks  i'll pass  just wish  justice upon this sick #$%$ she better go hide and stay gone

What sick individual is going to buy a book about a mother killing her daughter??? ....there will probably be a couple, but not very much.She should have been convicted of murdering her own child.No deal for this devil.

Sadly, you know some studio is going to buy it and someone is going to read it.

Sadly, people would either read her book full of lies, or they'd crowd around the "made for T.V." version of her lies...either way, all of you reality show clowns can't curb your curiosity for idiocy, and you'll pay your money to her.

Shows what kind of a state this country is in. We have snake lawyers who get criminals off and dumb stupid jurors who buy into this garbage, and then the absolutely devilish murders who get away with this stuff. I just want to hit something.

There is no "her story" only "Caylee's story" and she isn't here to tell it, so Casey needs to go somewhere and sit down. Her lies have already been told in the media and in court...move on and stop talking because very few believe what she has to say.

What strangers are giving her gifts? A bunch of lovesick lusty losers hoping to attract her attention, no doubt.

Not working and sponging off of others.And of course flipping burgers at some greasy dive is beneath her.Not that a lot of people would want to hire her but surely there is someone out there who would just for the attention she'd get.She could always go into porn like that octo mom did

A loser and a waste of skin.  Do the same to her as she did to her baby.

If she wrote a book, it would end up at the 99 cent store

So is she going to tell exactly how she murdered her child??"""If she knew who the murderer was for example, that would be huge. That would be the biggest news story of the year." ""I know who the murderer is.. You are trying to get her to sell her story to the highest bidder.  publish the book, spend more money and watch it sell 10 copies.  You'll get her #$%$ friends and family to buy them.

How about we sell tickets to her Execution !

I hope and pray no one buys anything from this #$%$.

beeeyooootchhh!!

I think this woman is a guilty as sin. I would never watch or read any story about her life...PERIOD.But can I ask one thing here, maybe some of you might know the answer? Says she owes $145,660 for the Orange County Sheriff's office for investigative fees and costs; and $61,505 for the Florida Department of Law Enforcement for court costs. If a person is found not guilty or acquitted, how in the hell are they billed the prosecutions costs?

Why am I still  paying U.S. Marshals to protectct this pieceof #$%$

She seems to be dressed well for being broke. I know how she can earn $5.00.

how can someone's life or 'story' be classified as property? weird stuff.

The story is that she got really effed up.....yadda yadda yadda....her baby died. #$%$.

Pretty soon...  The Playboy spread...Hey Casey, now is the partying, boozing, killing your daughter worth the life you have now?

I don't think her story is worth the paper it is printed on, unfortunately stupid people with boring lives will care about this and allow her to profit from her daughters death.  She should never be able to profit from this disaster.

If Obama can get a Nobel prize for nothing then she can write about book about nothing

People have enough problems in their own lives, why would anyone pay to read hers?

She needs money???.. Tie her up and let people throw things at her. She would make a KILLING.

She never told the truth before so any life story would be fiction. So just make up a moviewith facts as the writer sees them. She does not need to be involved, she would make upa story of how badly she was treated while being innocent all along. Fiction either way.

"Facing Bankruptcy"??  She should be facing the death row!

Book of lies for sale ! Only costs a babies life to write ! Lucking Fowlifes !

I wish she would drop dead!!!

she has not been hired to be the CEO of murder inc?She's a baby killer!

Her book will probably be called: " How to kill your own child and get away with it"

hope she rots in HELL

I saw Casey's story during the trial. I won't pay to read more of her lies. She couldn't tell the truth if someone posted cue cards in front of her. If she wanted her side heard she should have testified.

don't see the movie and don't buy her book!!! Bring this #$%$ down!!!!!

the life story of how a psycho got away with murder?

Refuse to buy it. Refuse to give this woman one penny. She murdered her child, she helped in the misguiding of police. She deserves NOTHING. Go flip burgers.

How could selling her life story be worth anything? Everything is already in the public domain from the trial. Anyone writing a book or screenplay has more than enough information to complete their work as it is.

After all thepublicity her attorney got, you mean he did not write the debt off and take it as a business loss.?

I bid five cents.Reminds me of the Seinfeld episode where Krammer sells his life story to Peterman. Then he can't say what happened to him, happened to him.Doesn't Casey have a say in it. It she doesn't want to sell her life tory,  can anyone make her.

I thought it was illegal for a criminal to profit from their crime, as in stories, movies, etc.It is sordid and beneath any literate person to consider it.

This is so sick to hear she wants to profit from killing her daughter.. goes way beyond sick and wrong.

"If she had the goods....." Oh yeah, she does!

I think we all know who the murder is.As for her story, it would be nothing but lies. She is known for telling some pretty tall tails.

May a plague or cancer infest anyone that would spend even $1.00 on hearing her life story.

The judge should just say no to the sale .I believe anyone convicted or accused of a major crime should not be able to sell thier stories. That said the Lawyers andthe Irs  should ba able to sell the story for thier money owed them only! The reason for this would be to clear the debts owed because any sale of her story would include others that were not getting paid for use of thier involvement in her life story.

why not? O.J. did....

Judge should dismiss/disallow her bankruptcy. Her story has enough marketable value (kinda like people stopping to see a car wreck) that she should pay ALL of her debts. She just wants to ditch her debts and THEN sell her story. Wrong Killer.

The "Book of Lies" would be the title.  I for one would not read any book that she or her lawyer would profit from"Kampmann said enough time has passed since Anthony's trial that her story could be marketable".... No enough time has not passed... Besides who honestly thinks she will tell the truth about anything? She couldn't do it the first time around she sure as hell wont do it the second. Let the #$%$ go broke a die alone with nothing to her name. It's what she deserves.

The title of her book should be, " How and Why I Murdered My Child"!!!

This stupid #$%$ would not have all these fees if she had just taken care of her daughter!

Her so called "story" would be just that, a made up pack of lies. Who cares to read that garbage?

I BELIEVE anyone like her or anyone that does a crime should NEVER be able to earn a cent from there crime ..All crimes should have orders so they can't profit of of others pain .

Do what you're good at ; Flatback it... We know you did it..

As much as I dislike her making money from this story it is better than the Government taking care of her. Like it or not that is happening or will happen.

--ck her!  Human garbage!

Larry Flynt said that her crotch was worth 1 mil...where's her poverty?

Put her on the corner looking real sexy and let the pimps have her.I trust no one would buy anything that would help Casey Anthony financially or any other way. That would just be paying her for murder. And she did murder her baby.

It's always about the Benjamins.

"Okay, here's a quarter."... "That's not much!"...."Not much of a story!"

Restitution and and Federal taxes are non-dismissable in bankruptcy court.  Plus, I doubt a trustee can collect on future income.

No!  She's a ho and a murderer.  The end.

I find it odd and disturbing that A) she has any 'friends' and B)strangers would send her money and gift cards to live on...it seems her own parents and family want nothing to do with her..

NOT A DIME.

If any company was stupid enough to give her any money for any story for any reason. I hope the world boycotts them. And that company would end up bankrupt for having having noooooo sense of decency

What could she possibly say that would have any meaning.  Who would even want to buy her life story?  The #$%$ needs to just get a job at the nearest Walmart of McDonalds and shut the frack up.  Who cares?

You'd have to be blind to have not seen this coming. I hope she gets run over by a train. No seriously, I really do. Few people deserve it more.Hope she never gets a dime and the people sending her money goes broke and stays broke. They're no better than she is. Anyone that will believe anything she says is a FOOL!

So she's in financial trouble and wants to leak like a sieve. I guess she wasn't a very "trustee" confidante. o.0

I won't be buying it or anything to do with her!  She was found innocent, but she had something to do with her daughter's death, one way or another, and after the child "disappeared" she was out partying and having a good time.

I've got some things she can do around the house.

I think we all saw this coming.

Maybe it is time to just let little Caylee rest in peace, and move on to something better...

She had her chance to tell her story on the stand - the truth, nothing but the truth so help me God.

The only right she has is to confess her guilt.

Court order says she can't sell it.  This 'trustee' is full of it.

As usual, the lawyers are looking for a payday.Anyone know of an innocent person spending $500k on a lawyer?

I keep telling her to come here...no extradition...no hassle...easy living...

"Trustee wants to sell Casey Anthony's life story"To whom would he sell it?  We've all seen it and were sickened by the pathetic, hedonistic, egocentric, psychotic, tragedy of a life that claimed the life of a beautiful baby.The biggest tragedy was the stupidity of the 12 dumbest Floridians ever born.

Richard because of that comment,,,you are worth absolutely nothing.......

You'll never catch me buying anything with her name on it, and I would most likely boycott whatever media company that buys it and tries to make money of the death of a 2 yr old.

Of course she knows who the murderer is, she sees her every day.

I can only hope this woman is kidnapped by some Saudi sex trade slave owners.

Everyone is posting how they will never watch nor read her "story".  But the fact is, many, many people will.  She's going to get a book deal, it will be turned into Lifetime Movie, people will watch it and complain about it and debate it.  And she'll be a "celebratory"

Hey #$%$ do the world a favor buy some rope and find a tree !!!!!!!!!!!!

She just needs to be removed. Disappeared. Made into compost.The msm will and try and force this on ushave we learned from the kard crowd that we dont caretake your books and your movies and shove it

These same people in here that say they would never read her book or watch a movie, would be the first ones in line. Hey, she went to trial, she was judged by 12 people and found NOT Guilty, doesn't mean she didn't do it. buy, that's the way it goes. Get over it and move on.

Casey Anthony was nobody until she killed her child and got away with it.  She is now a nobody with blood on her hands...we have read the news and the trial transcripts...what else is there that anyone thinks is interesting?  Whoever pays for this story is as much an idiot as she is...well, tied with the 12 jurors who set her free...without so much as a child abuse charge.

Female OJ

Here  it  comes ...............................  The Casey  Anthony  adult  video  ala Octomom .

I am astounded that this woman is still breathing and walking around.  Unbelievable that she is still alive.

i wonder who will play the helpless child role beaten over her head by her mother and thrown into the trunk her car?

Can't pay her bills?  Throw her in jail, she knew that when she hired these people isn't that some sort of fraud?

For all those people that said they would not sponsor her making money off her being innocent, i said then and i will say again, YOU WILL support and watch he story on TV or in a Movie while she rakes in millions of dollars.  If you say you didnt say that then and you say you wont support her by watching it once its completed, you are lying

i hope this judge is a human being, and doesnt allow this, as for the lawyers ,, suffer,, you make too much money anyway,, yeah thats right put blood money before a little girls life,,, pos,,,,I would never buy or watch anything that pertains to her that she or her lawyers could profit from.

If she is allowed to profit from what she did (let's just say at the very least, being a bad mother, it's bad enough that she didn't care enough that her child was missing and didn't call the police for a month) this country has gone down the drain for sure.

Too bad she can't just get a job at McDonalds for the next 40 years to pay off her debt.

Didn't they already do the movie of this monster with rob lowe.. or am I trippin'?

The only way to pay your debt she devil is to surrender to the masses for your execution.

vivid video casey,vivid video.

She is an evil child killer I wouldn't watch any movie about her!  Killer.  She should be less concerned about her debt and more concerned about watching her back.  The world HATES her because she is a MURDER.

Human trash. Just go away forever.

Yeah Good luck trying to get that judgement!!

So will the book be titled "How to Murder Your Child and Get Away With It"????  That woman should be tarred and feathered...hot tar mind you.She killed her Child! Are you kidding me America? Are we that screwed up?

Make her do #$%$ porn with Octo-Mom!!!

She sure doesn't seem to care that her daughter will NEVER get to tell HER life story....

It is really over time for her to go away. Does she think that she can use this baby's death one more time to tantalize anyone to buy her story for profit? Does anyone think she is capable of telling the truth? The story is sad &amp; incomprehensible.

Good luck getting the taxes excused you #$%$!

6 cops to protect a w#ore that nobody wants...What a waste of money...

What the cost of US marshall protection these days?Because I think our government could be spending our money more wisely then on protecting murderers...

Somehow, somewhere someone has got to start one of those petitions online I hear about  regarding how no one will pay to read the book or see the movies about a woman who murdered her child.  I don't know how to do it but I know someone does.  Not only shouldn't she make a dollar but the hello with her attorneys who managed too get her off.

Even if it doesn't, the "Son of Sam Law" should apply here.

That should get about $2.I wouldn't be interested if they were giving it away.She needs to just disappear.So she files and all debts are wiped out..so why does she need to have a book..and there is no way she should profit from this..i don;t care if she skated and she did skate..reminds me of the jon benet ramsey case..no one will ever know what really happened there either..let her get her butt out and get a job like the rest of us and people, quit sending her gifts..

"If she knew who the murderer was...". She knows who the murderer is. She sees her in the mirror every time she looks at one.

When she told Jose Baez she was going to screw him after the trial, I think Jose Baez might have not considered the screwing would be through the Bankruptcy Court...

Defense lawyers that know that their clients are murderers but lie about it should at least lose their license. Same goes for Prosecutors that know that juries will not go for the death penalty.Jurors that will not convict because of the death penalty should not serve on a jury.

Tough s--t lawyer. You knew going in she was broke and guilty and you spent hundrens of thousands of dollars TO GET HER OFF. Well you succeeded, now try to get the money she owes you and see how you come out. I hopes she stiffs you just like you and her stiffed the justice system. Both of you should be locked up for life.

Money buys anything fellas!  Just a scenario I have.We have lost all decency especially in this country if money can do ANYTHING above all else.  If you had wish and wished for unlimited money you could do ANYTHING.  A person could murder so many people and the cops would say.  Put your hands on your head!  Then the person with the unlimited mass amounts of money would go.  If you let me go I will give you each 5 million dollars!Unfortunately, money is everything.  It corrupts and is a blinding deceiver in front of people's eyes designed to hide them from the truth and keep them under control . Honor, Courage, Commitment, Sacrifice, Respect and over all well being of you fellow humans is how it SHOULD be.  With no money.  Whoever made up money is the sickest creature ever.

You want to read her story, get the court transcripts.

Obama can cancel the Easter Egg Roll on the White House lawn but hasn't cancelled Casey Anthony's US marshall's bodyguard service?Hipocrit...

May God NOT have mercy on her soul.

At least, bottem line, wonder, she goes away with an alive 2 year old and returns with the dead remains of her 2 year old child? no explination? why was she not charged with child neglect and some big time behind bars?Did the system bought her...to keep quite?

Lets see: The money owed is mostly to the lawyers and to the government agencies involved in trying her.After paying them ,she gets to keep the rest.Wow! Only an idiot would approve this deal!

Yeah, I'd like to hear how she murdered or had her child murdered , and how she swayed the jury, but not through books or a movie. She should be in the very same cell with Peterson.

BY THE WAY, where's the news articles about new potential suspects, since Casey is apparently "innocent"?

I wouldn't pay one red cent to hear her 'story'. For one, she doesn't deserve money. And two, she's a pathological liar anyway. I wouldn't believe a word of it.

Only in America can you get away with murder and profit from it

Why would you file for bankruptcy with only $1,000 in assets?Bankruptcy is to protect what's left, not clean up the mess after it's all gone...

Got a great title for her book: I killed my kid so I could make it to the disco on time.

Will this story be TRUTH or FICTION???!!?  She couldn't open her mouth without a LIE falling out!!!  Did she ever get caught telling the truth??? Will it be titled,..."Casey Anthony, the book of lies?" This B**** was one huge lie, nothing else!!! If they wrote the book with the "TRUTH" she told, it would be one page, with enough room left over for your monthly grocery list &amp; the Lords Prayer!!!! The one line about her in the book should be,...."SHE WAS THE LYINGEST B**** THAT EVER S**T BEHIND A PAIR OF HEELS,...PERIOD"!!!!!!!!!

NO Sale SORRYNo need for a book deal we know who murdered her daughter!

i can't believe it this woman can live free after killing her child, such a monster, such evil

I know where she could make a fortune.......... she is sitting on a gold mine if you get my drift.

She killed her kid and everyone knows it! The fact that she got away with it just proves our justice system if severly flawed and if anyone really wants to they can get away with killing their children.

Tell her side thats a laugh all she will do is tell more lies.

She should seel her story &amp; pose for playboy..... and see how much she is offered. ZERO!!!! That should end that discussion.

Thanks to the jury of idiots in florida that set this monster free for making this all possible. How they found her innocent with the childs DNA in the trunk of her will always mystify me. PLUS they didn't even get her on child neglect!!!! #$%$

Maybe if she hadn't killed her child than she could lead a normal life, have a job and pay her debts. I don't feel sorry for her at all.

We already know her life story. I hope the Judge will deny the motion. She's not the only one who can't pay her debts. That's why we have bankruptcy options.

Has she ever had a job?  Oh, I forgot the jobs now are commit a huge horrendous crime. Get off or not and then write a book.  This person will have to have someone write it because she most likely wont be sober long enough to.I'd much rather read her obituary!

She a piece of fecal and so is anyone that profits from it.

yes, the lawyers want to get paid, but casey wants to profit from her daughters death....that's the bottom line.  i will boycott, anything that comes out about that story. the story was told in court.  she got away with murder.....she needs to get a job at mcdonalds and pay her bills honestly instead of using caylee to do it

She'd make a dandy #$%$ !

Time to work Orange Blossom Trail Casey

If she was found not guilty of the major offenses, why does she have to pay these outrageous amounts to the courts and sheriff's office.  And, how can she owe the IRS when she's had no job or income?

"Kampmann said enough time has passed since Anthony's trial that her story could be marketable."  This is offensive on so many levels; here are two of them.  One: that there is anyone out there who wants to make a buck on the death of a child and the murderess who got away with killing that child (whether she did the deed herself or arranged it).  Two: that there are people out there who would help them do it by buying the book or seeing the movie.  America is sick and getting sicker.  No wonder the people in the rest of the world hate us so much.

If she spilled the beans , I still would not buy the book, I do not want to see her or her lawyers profit from this murder.

She should team up with the Kardashinans and they could call it Fatties and Liars now people would watch that everyweek.

Before any attorney is paid, all the costs of the investigation and trial should be paid first. I hope nobody buys her BS story. It will be nothing but lies.I'm gonna make it my life mission to plow Casey Anthony and knock her up

This biech should be in prison.....

Is the whole system is trying to cover up something is the ?

The whole case was treated like a mystery case and why?

For all you folks hammering Anthony (and, yes, I believe she killed her child), maybe you should direct your anger at the incompetent prosecutors who did an amazingly pitiful job of convicting her!  They were idiots (and that's being kind!).

Biaz and the Prosecution lawyer already wrote a book.  I consider them paid in full.

What idiots are sending her cash and gift cards?! Stop paying attention to this murdering physco. Unless she is ready to confess, I have no interest in hearing anything she has to say.

The bankruptcy trustee wants to peddle the rights to her life? None of them will get a penny of my money .

Maybe she can do a "If I Did It..." book ala O. J.?  C'mon Karma - what's taking so long?

Casey Anthony's "life story" would be just as fictional as her story about her "nanny".Who will want to hear the story of zombie.

look at it this way people if she is not allowed to make money she will just have to live of welfare.which do you prefer?

so this #$%$ gets to lie some more, confess even, and make a #$%$ ton of money from it? #$%$ THAT! #$%$ deserves to be in prison for being a #$%$ person

We already know the story.  She killed her daughter, threw her body in a swamp and got awaywith it because of a lying defense attorney and a gutless jury.

The Anthony Lifetime movie was terrible. I can't wait for the Jodi Arias one, though.

Tell her story? Like she is going to tell us what really happened to her daughter. Who paid for that expensive outfit she is wearing? Let the #$%$ sell her kitty for cash to survive.

How does she even have $1k in her name. Attorney should not get paid, he took the case knowing she didn't have any money, his loss. Why does she owe the IRS so much? Make her get a job and work off what she owes IRS and court costs. Orange county Investigating fees? I don't understand that one? She's only out of jail because of a very stupid Florida Jury.

OMG THIS JUST SICK

If she was found not guilty, what the #$%$ does a judge have to do with it?  If she was aquitted by a jury of her peers, she is free to do whatever she wants.  Do I agree with her aquittal?  Nope... but our country was not founded so that the judicial system can dictate the lives of people who arent convicted of crimes.

Maybe it will be published as a comic book?  Or a gothic horror novel?""If she had the goods, and she was really going to spill the beans of what happened, particularly if she's not guilty, that's pretty big,"You're kidding, right?  This girl is a consummate liar and wouldn't honestly "come through with what really happened" no matter how much she was paid.  I would not pay 1 cent toward helping a girl who didn't even report her own child as "missing" until her mother did so.

Her and OJ need to do a movie together

looks  like she is being charged by florida for things that others are not that is against the law .i am not judging her i don,t know what happened then but what is going on now is not the same justice for everyone.

What Story? America already is familiar with the story, Anthony killer her daughter, and got away with murder...End of Story.

i don't know of anyone who would buy a book about this liar

she needs to find a new industry...the "adult" industry.

And how would anyone know if she did write a book that she was telling the truth? She lied so many times during the trial. And who the heck would even buy the book?

Anyone who would pay to read or watch any of this is adding insult to the injury she did to Caylee.

don't buy the book that will be revenge

The judge should be lynched if casey is allowed to profit from murder." I did NOT have coffee with THAT woman "

Trash. Absolute trash. It is disgusting that she could profit from this, and it is even more disgusting that anyone would ever consider the horrible story entertainment.

She , or anyone close to this case , should never be allowed to profit from it. Period.Her child is dead and we all know what happened, no matter what the jury said.  The evidence was pretty obvious.  Too bad so much was kept from the jury.

Her life's story, at 26?  What (other than killing her child and blaming it on others) could she possibly have to say?  Nothing that I want to hear, read or see...

Unpopular as it sounds, this seems to be a viable idea.  People provided this lady with various services and apparently weren't paid as they should have been.  If she needs to be used in order to pay off the debts she incurred, so be it.  Then, she can disappear, hopefully forever.

All proceeds should go to the real Zenaida Gonzalez.

Remember O.J. and "If I Did It"?

I wonder what kind of life story her daughter could have written had the mother not murdered her?

She wants to get rid of all debt, so SHE collects selling her story.  She will never repay her debts. She is merely a child murderer.  LIE is her middle name.  She is a psychopath. Casey, u got away with murder-period.  You belong behind bars.  I hope no one believes a word of what she has to say.

The only thing left unanwered is exactly how/when Casey killed Caylee. Frankly, that baby is just as dead and no excuse is good enough, legally Casey got away with it. Who would buy the book?Why does this article say she never told her side of the story? Sure she did. When she claimed "maria" stole her child, then when she said she disappeared, then when she said it was an accidental drowning in the pool and she buried her in a swamp down the road. Her "side" has been told already. No one except the idiot jurors believe it.

It was my understanding that her attorneys were working for her pro bono.  What happened to that?

who  cares about  the baby killer , and i don't care what the courts say , the lawyers got her off she will burn in hell

If written, Anthony will insist the story complements her and won't even touch the truth.  No one will buy it out of spite toward her.  So, here we have a trustee spending tax payers money to take up more time in our court system.

I'm sure there's some idiot in Hollywood willing to produce this trash if it's allowed to happen.

She shouldn't get one dime of profit from it. It should all go to a fund to help the victim/s, not the one that gets away with murder.

For everybody on here commenting about how nobody would watch her life story, there are probably several million people that would. People love dirty laundry. She knows she can make bank off this in the future and she is already setting up her plans. She can get way more than 10 grand for it too!!

I'm sure it'll be a great fictional story.

This story has already been played out. Is the book going to be called " If I did It "

Since when can a "Trustee" have rights that supersede the Trust? The trustee can only carry out what they were told by the woman. No one can take the fact that she can write a book away from her, especially if she was found Not Guilty.I'm not agreeing with the verdict, just recognizing it.let her make it........and no one buy it................perfect

Wow, another left-wing story of FICTION to make her money! She must have promised a portion of the earnings to the DNC :-)

Didn't OJ Simpson write a book with the title 'If I Did It' a few years after he murdered Nicole? Yes I know, he wasn't found guilty but most think he did slaughter her and Ron. He also pleaded bankruptcy and then it was discovered that he had off shore accounts. Hmmm...wonder if Casey has something hiding off shore.

Porn, stripping, perhaps a Lifetime movie with "B" grade actors. No one cares about this trash.

I wouldn't pay 1/2 cent for anything story on her....is this trustee going to turn over any money made to the creditors or pocket it??? The only ruling that should be ordered is that she get a job and pay her creditors....she is the one who ran this bill up.

Who want to spend one penny on a Book of Lies

Great idea, sure beats letting her profit off this sordid story... but please explain how you are going to get her to TELL a credible story if she doesn't get a dime off it?  Waiting to see this on the bookstore shelves alongside other great works of pulp fiction.

i bet Stephen Meininger has a little thing for Casey

Whatever the verdict, her 2 year old is dead and she is some how accountable for it. She should NEVER be allowed to profit from the murder of her child. The pig.

"Anthony has never told her side of the story..." Which side would that be?  Version 1, version 2, version 3?  The side where the nanny did it?  Or where her dad did it? Or the one where she was launching her own investigation?  She's told her side(s) of the story plenty of times.May she rot in the hot sun, dying slowly in debt, unable to buy herself even a drop of water.

Her life and her story is worth GARBAGE!

what a P.O.S.

PLAYBOY!

Here's the Casey Anthony story:1) I'm a 20 something single mom who lives with my parents and has done nothing with my life except party and neglect my child.2) My child dissapears and I don't tell anyone for a month and keep on partying.3) Despite compelling evidence I'm found not guilty of the murder of my child.4) I'm now 26 and have done nothing with my life except escape a guilty verdict for murdering my child.Now nobody has to read the book or see the movie.

Title: "I Killed My Baby and Now There's Nothing You Can Do About It!

Or she could just off herself.

She should do porn.

Let her publish - we can use it to wipe our ar$es

I guess she will just put all her lies on paper!I was spoiled. I thought very highly of myself. I accidently got pregnant. I didn't give a darn about my daughter. She drowned in the pool. I hid her body because I didn't want to take responsibitiy for being a poopy mother. I party. I got caught. I need money please!The End.

"HELL NO",,,dam lawyers an trustees spent there on time an money on Casey Anthony,an they did it to try get in the spot light,some of them was saying they was helping her for free,Now they wanna get payed,,if any body get any money should be that one lady she lied bout taking her kid,,HELL WITH CASEY ANTHONY!,anyway if there is a book  who's gonna buy it,just more lies she tell i wouldn't spend penny on it,,

Not only did she go scot free, look at the people whose lives were ruined by these so called 'attorneys' to make sure she did! THEY should go prison along with HER!!!

"White Trash Woman Kills Kid and Gets Away with It"       Did I leave anything out?

look fools ( and you poster are fools)if Anthony doesnt want to cooperate then its toughluck all round for any books and book profits -- what are you gonna do about it?

she killed her daughter... what anb awful person she is..... may she rot in HELL

evil is rewarded...and she will prosper from her evil behavior---money flows to those in power to make it flow

haha if you want to get way with murder move to Florida

The only way she pay her debts is to kill herself painfully.

This worthless POS killed her beautiful little girl, now she wants to make money on it. I hope the dreams she has at night haunt her to the day she dies. To the Judge, grow a pair and shoot this down. It's about the murdered little girl, not this POSIt took one month before you told police your kid was missing? She had no problem finding rave parties while that poor little girl was dead and missing.

The B&amp;%@H is guilty of killing that sweet baby gurl...perhaps accidentally...but dead either way just so she could continue her druggie partying ways.

Sad that being tried and found innocent can ruin your life and force bankruptcy.

somewher out ther is a hero who is gonna blow her head off with a shotgun

I bid one nickel for the rights.

Like it or not a jury of her peers found her innocent. She should be free to pay off her debts in the best way possible as long as it's legal.

Poor Lawyers are owed money I don't see a problem

Sounds like Lawyers and Courts want her to suceed in bankruptsy court, if she is allowed to profit from this tragedy then any and everybody else that beats the system should be able to follow suit. She's young and healthy, let her get inline with America for a job.

"Trustee wants to sell Casey Anthony's life story"  -- REALLY!This #$%$ isn't concerned about paying her debts.  She and the snakes around her are just trying to get rich.  Besides, who in their right mind wants to know this baby killer's life story?  I DON'T

Okay...didn't her slick, forked tongue lawyers know when they signed on that she had not really worked in years and that her parents were not wealthy?  They deserve NOTHING for defending a child killer!  Get a job, Casey!!!!I will boycott any publisher, news organization, television network, or movie studio that pays the murdering witch a penny.

You mean this worthless sack of excrement is still alive?

Shouldn't somebody "off" her? The people on HLN said she was guilty......

ANYTHING SHE WRITES WILL BE LIES AND MORE LIES...

Welll Shoot   if she is That broke I might hand her $20 for a blow.....job

As long as the b**ch doesn't make a dime off killing her daughter.

She is a psychopath and should not be rewarded with money and the attention and fame she craves.  We all know what her story is; she killed her daughter with no remorse and still shows no remorse except that she is now broke.

And who will be paying for the life story of a liar? I bet there is better fiction out there.

Is she going to write a book "Killing Caylee'? Is Ms Harpo or Ellen or Katie or Dr. Phil all going to give her an interview?

The childs body was moved when Casey was in jail. We dont know who did it or how,when or why!   Is their more to the story ?   YES!!!!!     Has Casey lied? YES!   But that doesnt mean she did it. It has to be proved and it wasnt. Would i want to live next to her? No.  Would i use her to watch my dogs....no!  They did a horrible job at trying to prove it.  Who moved the childs body and why?Anybody who buys or watches anything produced by this lying piece of trash is 10 times worse then she is...

I couldn't stand to look at her...so I'd bend her over something and get her from behind.

If this get approved, it's nothing more than a bounty on kids.

I would never buy anything that this woman is connected with in any way.

She should have gotten life, and that is the real story

Well.  There's something else I won't be buying.

We already know your story you twisted beech.

She'll get approval.Things in this court are going her way all the time.The judge rejected the creditors' motions to have testimony heard in the Orlando area,where the debts were incurred,and where it would be cheaper and easier for them to attend.Nope,they've all got to come to Tampa,for everything.Thanks,your "Honor".Thanks for looking out for the rights of those who were wronged.When she was in court here a couple weeks ago,the news conjecture was all about a rumor that she's pregnant again.Nice.

Let her work for minimum wage sixty hours a Week;only to give her a taste  of real life.

I wouldn't P_ _S on her if she was on FIRE !!!She already did tell her story, in court.  this tome she wants to profit from it.  hell no!

If this would occur, the public should boycott any sponsor,s product!

Hopefully a very good sniper is outside waiting for this *itch.

She'll get the money... courtesy of all of the lowlifes in this country who watch and enjoy Kate Gosselin, Octomom, and the Kardashians.

she is extremely self centered and selfish---killed her baby---now wants to cash in...End of story.

this is a classic example where our legal system failed.  I hope this nut job suffers for the rest of her life, with no money, no life, and no place to live.

hat kind of bs is this.

Boycott ABC News, they paid for her defense team to boost ratings.

sell her -  that'd get you a dollar on the street corner -  maybe twice

I wonder how the jurors can sleep at night.Anyone that pays or reads/watches Anthony's "life story" is supporting the murder of a child. Casey Anthony is a murderer, who got off only because of shoddy investigative work. It's bad enough she walks free- she does not deserve to profit from the death of her child.

I can't believe that strangers send her cash and gift cards.... What idiot would want to help her out like that!

This makes me sick.

they can write it but anyone that buys it is a fool.  whether she is innocent or guilty the story just doesn't need to be told, it and her need to be forgotten.

And how much does the trustee stand to make from some book sale?

I'm starting to think that the reason the government promotes gays stuff so much is to lower to world population faster. Along with abortion these shold wipe man off the planet in 200 or so years.

Does anyone care what this "person" has to say? She is already a proven liar and has no relationship with what truth is.  As far as wanting to make money off of her dead child’s body only shows her parenting skills which is "what's in it for her."

She has those pistol-grip ears for a reason.

That little baby is dead...probably at the hands of her mother....or at least she was an accomplice....and she got off.  She should have the decency to go away.  I doubt any of us really care about her financial situation - well, except for those who send her gift cards and cash to help her out - if they even exist or if they are not payment for services rendered.  I typically am not judgmental but I followed that trial and in my heart, I believe she had something to do with that baby's death.  With her, it is always ABOUT her.

If she knew who killed her daughter that would be the biggest news story of the year...............................ummmmmmmmmm we all know who killed her daughter!I would never read this trash. I do not care about her life. However, many would and this POS and her lawyers will get their money. How about she tell the TRUE story about her child?

We all know she murdered her child so whatever lies she makes up are not worth anything, and she has no right to now profit financially from her murder.

Let her join the military and do a six year tour of duty.

She should consider doing porn, from what I understand and from what she did when her daughter was missing, she's supposed to be good at it.Disgusting sk/\nk!!!!

Everyone needs to protest and not give this child murderer a dime. Shame on you you killer of a beautiful little girl. I would like to hear something from the father of Casey,where are his rights? What are your thoughts America?

You know there is some publisher out there with no conscience and lots of greed who will pay for this. But it's the people who purchase stuff like this that are financially supporting the perpetrator of the act. I won't buy it, just like I wouldn't buy anything written by OJ, Monica Lewinski, etc. I don't support sleaze balls. I already have to support Congress and this President, and that's bad enough.

If she told her story. Never listen,  Never read it. Never buy it.  Story has been told.  She is a murderer.  Who cares if Biaz gets paid?

I say no. If she can't pay her bills then throw her in jail. Get her in there for something.

She should be Riding the lightning in prison death row!

Bless all of you today.  I promised to come back and have returned with a PhD.  If you wish to be forgiven, please follow my thread.  I love all of you.We already know her story: she killed her daughter and got away with it.

The assumptions were so clear, it was needless to clarify with so many words ~ !!  In a case like that  - may be the Defendant and the plaintiff might not have received anything -- but how can you say the same to the Attornies as well !  Due to their sheer skill and patience the case could have traveled so far !! " If they are deprived, remember the consequences will be beyond imaginations !! They are " the jem of the Jems !! In a court case -- they have the final say in most of the cases.  They are known to the general public, world over - from time unknown !!

The saddest part of this is that there is actually a market for this S   K   A   N   K   S storied life of lies and deceit, which speaks volumes of the current status of society's morals as a whole...

the jurors were the dumbest bunch of hillbillies to ever come down the pike since oj's trial.

Sometimes innocent people go to jail, sometimes guilty people go free. At least ten people have gone to death row and been executed despite being apparently innocent and at least a hundred more pulled off death row at the last moment by dna evidence. The circumstances and her immaturity make most people  believe she is guilty but we don't really know.

She should not prosper over a tragedy. Get a job like everyone else.  She has had her 15 minutes of fame. Move on.

How about we put her in prison for life, write a book about it, then donate all the proceeds to a children's charity instead?

No, no, no phu*king way.  She should slash her wrists and fade away.

She should be in prison with OJ .

better yet, tell the story for free to a priest in a confessionaltrustee Stephen Meininger?  This is a story about #$%$ and would be from  #$%$.  You dip so low? NO one should put any faith in what comes out of Casey Anthony's mouth.  She is a broken, amoral person.

I'd chip in a few bucks to motorboathe heck out of her then slap the #$%$ out of her evil #$%$

I think what it comes right down to is I don't like her and I wouldn't want to pay anyone for her "property". Period.

"I Didn't Do It (But If I Did, Here's How I Would Have Done It)"

I'd buy that for a dollar!

I bet she wishes she was in jail now

FICTION.  After all the lies BEFORE and DURING the trial, what makesany publisher think they are getting the 'real deal'?  They will be paying for FICTION, and nothing more.Let her friends and strangers help her "continue to survive".  Little Caylee didn't have a chance to "survive".

MJ and Elvis died of natural causes, OJ and Cassey didn't do it, What a crock the Media puts out for us to believe.

yeah well your going to have some #$%$ that will buy her story! didn't know but I think it was abc who paid for her lawyer fees during the trial!! if I find out though they do it again I will never watch that station again and I love general hospital but I will stop watching if they help her again or if Barbra Walters gives her a interview cause I dont want to hear casey's lies  I don't ever think that George helped her out in any way in their grandaughters death I will always believe she acted alone..

Porn....with Biaz as her co-stari sure hope the judge says  NO   , she shouldn't even be wanting to profit from this , even if she is innocent

Hell , even her life story is probably a lie , especially if she tells it.

I have an idea. How about serving your country in the military for 20 years. Not only will you get a paycheck but you'll get room and board, clothes and three meals a day.

So if the trustee feels that she can make money off her story, why is she being allowed to file bankruptcy???? The only debt she would be required to pay back would be to the IRS if this goes through. There has already been a movie made for TV that has come of this based on Ashton's book.

Will her book be titled:  "Nicole Simpson Killer Killed Caylee, Not Me" (?)

The jury was a bunch of morons. SHE KILLED HER KID. She should be sterilized and broke for what she did.

who ever sends her money or gift cards is looney, even if she didnt kill her child she tried to cover it up and didnt report her missing.

Who would buy this???  We all lived through it!  Shut your pie hole!!!!!

Oh and people are suppose to believe her? She lied on the stand. She lies constantly. We will never know what happened to Caylee. I think her Mother gave her chloroform to make her sleep and she gave her too much and died. I believe her Daddy knows what happened also.Casey, thinks she is the victim. People are not dumb and she will never be able to fit into society ever. What has she done in her life that would be worth reading? Her so called hot shot Lawyer thought he would make a million from Casey. WRONG. He had to get on TV after the trial and lied again. He made money but he dern sure didn't erase the 1/2 million Casey owes him. Blood money isn't it? I wish I had not even read what I just read on Yahoo. I wont pay a penny to see or read anything this woman has to offer. God never sleeps. God will deal with her. "Thou Shall Not Kill" Commandment of God.

her life story has a market value of a buck twenty five - give or take a nickel.In this gun-obsessed country, is there not one gunner who will take her out??

What ever happened to innocent until proven guilty in this country?  She was only convicted in the media people.  Her jury of peers found her INNOCENT!!!

Anyone buy this story is indirectly encourage the killing . Killing a child is not for story teller

Boy giving her permission will open a can of worms for a ton more lies to be told for money...really why would anyone want to pay to read her lies...i believe we have heard enought for free. Now she wants to milk the system with bankruptcy because she ran up a huge lawyer bill paying to get off scott free. Poor Casey..she is broke and can't get a job...join the real world Casey times are tuff and so is life behind the ole party scene.. .

BABY KILLER!

For not having any money she sure is dressed up to the "t".  Hmmm...

Her life story and her side of the story will be a bunch of inconsistent, unverifiable lies, just like her excuses over what happened to Caylee.  Her book should be in the fiction section.

I wish someone would take out this #$%$!

If this lady makes money off of murdering her baby then america is truly hopeless. This CAN"T HAPPEN!

One could only hope that everything this killer puts her hands to turns to ****!!! I would never invest a cent into an "obvious to everyone except the jurors of that case" MURDERER!!!Boycott anyone who pays anthing to this POS

Either GET a job like the rest of us and pay out your bills - we all do that. OR better yet,they use to send lepers to an island to die - let's find an island for her and send her to it. Anyone who would buy the rights to her story is SICK - besides I would hope NO ONE would buy the book.

If she'd have told the truth in the first place, she wouldn't owe this money....sc*w her...she's a filthy liar!

In what crazy universe do lawyers hang around and make sure Casey can support herself after going through trial after trial?  If that was me (or you), we would be left in the gutter to rot.

Some sleazezoid will buy these "rights"...and make some schlock movie about it....and it will bomb.....A book? LOL....sure...who would believe this serial liar?Porn....Casey....Interracial....gangbangs....all you're good for

Nowhere in the article does it state why permission would be needed from a judge to sell the story.  Why doesn't she just do it?  Why does anyone need to ask permission?

What is she going to say?  That her parents or someone else murdered her daughter?

WHY would any mother want to talk about a horrible murder of her own child?... MUCH LESS "sell" her innermost thoughts to the cold hearted public?

Wow.  LOTS of 'experts' here today who are 100% SURE they know better than the courts - even though they have NO first-hand knowledge of this case - only what they've learned from the lying media.

Casey does know who the murderer is and is not going to tell you in the book. Just in case they make a one case exception to the double jeopardy law. If she is permitted to publish this book and profit from it then I hope and pray that nobody buys it.She was found NOT guilty.  Why should she need the court's permission to tell her story?

it would be full of lies anyhow

If some hollywood sleaze bag hasnt bought it already, there is a reason. No one is interested in this train wreck.

don't think too many people around the world would buy a book; the taxpayers would end up eating the cost for printing; no reputable actress would consider playing Anthony in a movie for surely that would be the death of her career

Uhh which story. With her history it would have to be a work of fiction. Go away forever casey anthony.

Nice to know if we did it right we can kill our children, pretend to be sad for a while and get a book deal out of it. No real mother would let their kid be missing for 24 hours let alone a month without being hysterical.

Anyone that buys this would be condoning child killing. She's never been known to be truthful so I would doubt that this story would be anymore truthful. Unfortunately we'll never know the truth because the tiny little victim can never tell us the horror she knew by the person she trusted the most, loved the most, and should have loved her, stealing the last of her breath. No, I won't give one penny of my money to help this evil thing.

Shouldn't have her freedom, much less money. Her story would just be more lies.  We already heard enough of those to last a lifetime.

What a disgrace our justice system has become. I have no faith in our system anymore.Disgusted.

One could hope that she gets nothing for this, but alas I fear our Walmartian walking dead will flock to it in droves.  If they'll pay attention to Lindsey Lohan they just might to this POS.do what Octo mom did. exotic dancing at the nudie bar rofl

She killed her child and should be in prison now instead of having her life story made.

NOOO WAYYYY.......I will not buy her story and if it's a lifetime movie I refuse to help her make money any way possible.  Get a job as a janitor if you have to but get a job.

Looks like she dresses nice and travels in style for someone so destitute.

Somebody correct me if i'm wrong but didn't she have a chance to tell her story during the  trial but refuse.She want to do it now because no one will question her while she tell more lies.This lady just need to go away.

If they want to make a lot of cash then sell tickets to her public execution !

let her sell it we the people have to choose not to buy it watch it or read it if we ignore it then she wont make any money off her story!!!!!

I see Larry Flint in her future!

Americans &amp; all of humanity LOVE violence, trauma &amp; suspense.  The world LOVES to read garbage.  They will LOVE her book!

A new isle in Barnes and Nobles: Non fiction LiarsWhy shouldn't she? Politicians do it all the time.

OJ wrote his garbage book, Jonbenet Ramsey's dad wrote his... trying to profit off death is a sad reality of our world (not agreeing with it, just stating fact).  if you think it's disgusting, don't buy the book

has it even occurred to any one that this woman may just be innocent  .... i know for an absolute fact that  cops, prosecuting attorneys, and  judges just love to send innocent people to prison, and to their deaths .... and they accomplish this every day ....  and nearly one third of the men, and women who are in prison right now are innocent .... and yes there are people in prison who deserve to be there ..... but there is no excuse to ever send an innocent man, or woman to prison ....

No wonder the blood sucking. low life, POS lawyers were just letting her *S*U*C*K* *C*O*C*K* until payday.

I'm confused...Anthony's defense attorney said that Casey and her father scooped little Caley out of the pool after she drowned.  So why now is she hinting that she might "know who the murderer is" ?   She claimed in court that it was an accidental drowning, no "murder" took place.

Didn't O.J. go down this same road? What was the title of his book, which got pulled at the last minute? Something like, “If I Did It.”

Who would be willing to pay to read a story that is already everywhere on the web for free?

Looking at the clothes she is wearing I do not beleive she has fallen on hard times. My one question is, in this sold story is she atleast going to tell us that, and how, she did it?Double Jeoporady will protect her, why not just come clean now.Since the tax payers now have to foot the bill for her non state appointed defense, and all her fraudulent spending, I think she should atleast tell us the truth, and tell us thank you while she is sticking it to us.

Good business sense - go bankrupt then sell a book.

this sound familiar ?"  if  I  had done it, this is how I would have done it "  .....wonder why she hasn't been on the Jerry Springer show? make a little pocket change there.

whos going to read it?? The #$%$ got off like OJ did , she should have went to jail or Dealth pen she killed her little baby,,

They need to take EVERY PENNY people are sending her too! She KILLED her daughter and in the process of a trail incurred HUGE expenses that she now cannot afford to pay back! Take EVERYTHING except what the Gov't says is the minimum needed to survive, as in Food Stamps, and take EVERYTHING else to pay off her debts!! And YES that includes ALL future potential earnings from ANY books, or movies, she may or may not be involved in!! If she has income it should be taken and used to pay of her debts!!

If she needs money so bad I would be happy to give her 5.00 if she will let me P in her filthy but beautiful child murdering face.

I think we all already know the story, she is a child murdering #$%$ and she will burn in hell....

She could be a webcam girl.

Go sell your nasty crotch, if you can find any renters!

Maybe the jury who acquitted her could loan her the money.

The attorney's knew going in she couldn't pay them, so they shouldn't have took the case. They just wanted the publicity they would get for representing her , and the attention the case was bringing nationally. That exposure alone probably has netted them plenty already

the ebay auction fees will be a crime in itself.That would be the biggest slap in the face to her deceased baby and to the american justice system. You know there are a boat load of knuckleheads that would buy the book. Lawyers s u c k

we want porn...we want porn...

I'm sure it would be a work of fiction.

our system worked.  you might not agree with the outcome, but it did work.

This is bull, anyone that buys her book should go to jail, screw the lawyers that is what it is all about!

ABC News who paid her $250k in 2009 and partners with Yahoo News could not be reached for comment.

Who wants to buy a book of lies? Her friends and strangers who send her gift cards and cash?

I cant get over this child murderer, she's just like!!! Jodi Arias. These killers!! think we are all just waiting to hear and read about their LIES!!!!!!!!  THEIR SICK, EVIL, TOXIC, #$%$ OF THE EARTH!

I am sad to say I live close to the town were the 12 morons freed this killer! How much more evidence did these idiots need!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Did they need to see pictures with her actually committing the crime, so sad!

yep...here come all the flies wanting to play in the poop....The feds got Al Capone for tax evasion even though he murdered lots of people...  Why can't we arrest Casey Anthony for tax evasion for not paying taxes on those donated gift cards and cash...?

A C-cup will take you far in America.

"If she knew who the murderer was for example, that would be huge. That would be the biggest news story of the year." Hey Jack Ads! News Flash. She did it!

Fact is, we know who killed Caylee.

Why is she free again?

no one will buy her books,except blacks and latinos who love to murder people.

give her sh$#$#.

everybody involved in making money off this murder will be cursed

I hope if they get into the auctioning of her story they should start with a penny and go to up to a dollar to the best bitter =). wouldn't that be awesome?

Who is the worst low life? Jodie Arias or Casey Anthony?  Words have not been invented yet.Why would she have to ask permission from a judge to make her story public? She was found not guilty, and lawfully is a normal citizen.As much as I hate her, the law cannot stop her from sharing her story.

we all know Casey murdered her daughter and will have NOTHING to do with helping her.PERIOD...May she never have a peaceful moment in her life for what she did and the lies she told.

She'll be doing porn eventually.

has she considered a notional dunk tank tour?

I don't know how the jury sleeps at night knowing that this piece of trash is breathing.

Judge K. Rodney May--DECLINE THIS REQUEST. DON'T LET THIS WH@#$ PROFIT FROM THE MURDER OF A CHILD. DO THE RIGHT THING!!!!

More lies from her in a story form.  Great!

I think she need pay back , and I'm not talking money either !

Once a Liar always a Liar, what makes them think she will tell the truth, and we don't need another book of LIES

I am not implicating guilt or innocence but she was acquitted of all charges. Why would she have investigative fees from the Sheriffs office and court cost? I could see it if she was found guilty but you shouldn't have to pay if your were wrongly accused.Her lawyers are seeking money and they don't care is tells more lies...lawyers are used to lies, as such is the nature of their profession...

I heard she's pregnant. Lord have mercy.

She was found not guilty, so she should not owe the sheirffs office and the Florida dept of law enforcement a dime. These are just trumped up charges that the innocent do not pay. The internal revenue charges are bogus too, cause she never worked and is too young to have that much in taxes owed.

That sorry murderer shouldn't get one red cent for her "story". It would be the biggest work of fiction to date if she told it, anyway.

And your trying to tell me a mother who did not kill her daughter would want to profit from her death?

No, no, no!!!!  She should not benefit one pennys worth from murdering her child.

I wonder how much the trustee plans to put in his pocket. This girl would come out a lot better by selling her story herself, and avoid all the greedy hands sticking out.

maybe  George Zimmerman can loan her a few bucks

Like it or not she was found innocent...and yes, her 'story' WILL be a 'Best Seller'. These are the facts, like them or not...and none of us can change them. It's fine to vent...but don't forget to take a deep breathe...we've all got more to worry about.

Who would want to read it?  She may not have been convicted of murder, but her behavior is a strong argument for there being restictions on who can have children.not gonna read it - I already know she's guilty I don't need to hear or read her lies.

Presumably, her story would contain long, lurid chapters about nymphomania, sexual encounters and indiscretions.

King Barry will come to her rescue, he will give her a position in his propaganda agency....

Can we all just agree not to buy it??

BABY KILLER

her life story with a catch. next time she has a child, she will show you how to kill it right and raise no suspicions.

I really hope all of the people suing her win their cases, so whatever money she makes off of anything will have to go towards repaying them.

she should have fried......to be broke is a blessing.....give her nothing.....

NO story until she confesses and repents.  Lawyers can waddle in the mud of their client for all they deserve!

Thanks to 24 hour coverage of her trial, we all know her story so who wants to pay to hear about her again? Will the movie have a different ending?Its a shame that poor little Casey did not get what she deserved, then she would not have to leach off her friends.  She got away with murder and now she wants to get paid for what?  Telling the lies of how some baby sitter stole her baby.... we heard it before. Not true then. Still not true. Stop lying and whining Casey, be glad you are not on death row.  Fade away and stop reminding us of how unjust the world is.

She sucks and doesn't deserve anything but jail time

Everybody wants a piece of this unbelievably foolish, lying person. I would not read two words nor watch 2 minutes of her life story. People want to capitalize on this to get paid is even sicker than she is. There are certain things I just would not do for money.

I knew this would happen. Just a matter of time. Disgusting.

Why did I think, she was going to do porn?

How about the life story of Caylee...all 3 years of her little life..

Just don't buy it.

I'd read it.

the casey anthony story, a two page pamphlet titled, 'w$hore, killer, idiot' goes on sale in the cash register line at most discount stores on wednesday next.

Now now my dear Casey, You did the crime and got off scott free but now your real punishment begins. Welcome to hell.trustee may want the story, but no one else does.

I think she is hot. I'd love to see her in Penthouse or Hustler!

But which version of the story will she be selling?

Tell her to call Larry Flynt, im sure he would give her a job

Kill your baby to make money and get rich telling the story.  Only in Oblamers America.

This is disgusting in every possible way. Her story isn't worth a pile of #$%$ and anyone who would pa her for it; there's something wrong with them.

I'll give her money, she is so beautiful, I want to marry her and have lots of kids, Casey, WILL YOU MARRY ME?

If the make the movie, the jury can be played by members of congress they are as dumb as those imbeciles that let her go.

But the question is who will pay for her story?  I certainly won't participate in anything that sells.  Not buying it! Sort of blo money.

Let her tell her story, give her enough to pay her debts, then wrap her face and nose with duct tape and put her in a trash bag. DONE.The Lawyer did it for publicity, he does not need to be paid. She will never find work, who would hire her? She is getting paid for what she did as OJ did.

It should not be her story but her daughter's story Caylee story titled "Selfish Mom, Got away with Murder".

Bet she could write a real CHILD MURDER STORY.the tramp

Who is interested? Not me!!!!

Who cares anout her life the only life that mattered was the lofe of her daughter that SHE KILLED and I would never help her profit off of that.

THE SEX TAPE WILL BE A BEST SELLER!

$68, 540.00 owed to the IRS......why isn't she in prison for tax evasion?

you know she is going into porno........................

#$%$ lawyers want their money!!!

She should be telling her story from a maximum security prison on death row. Sorry just my opinion.her life story will be filled with lies, how she got away with murder should be the title of her story. she can compare notes with OJ

If Casey gets one dime profit from the movie or book there will be a 50 state lynch mob coming her way.

Porn industry is hiring!

WHO would be so low as to buy her book?  Let her get a job &amp; work her debt off just like everyone else.

A poem for Casey:Roses are Red,Violets are BlueKarma's a #$%$and so are you!

porn no longer an option? hook up with octomom for some tips

Why would someone want to make a murderer rich?? I could care less what that female dog has to say

I hope nobody falls for this ploy. She just wants to get rich off the murder of her child.

Prostitution is legal here is Nevada.

Mr Meininger.....why don't you hire this ho as your private mistress or call girl......THEN she can pay her damn bills, or let her go out and find a job waitressing or busing tables, like anybody else, or better yet, she can ask for a job at her local Humane Society, cleaning up dog and cat dung, while she gets a lesson from animals how to love and treat their young unconditionally, and with no greed or malice, since animals do a much better job than some humans do, especially THIS ho, who got away with MURDERING her own sweet little girl in cold blood, then taking the body of this angel child and leaving it to rot.I'd much rather see a life story film about a snake!There's no way in the world this toxic woman should profit from little Caylee's death. Hasn't she done enough damage to her parents, and other people's reputations that she lied on? Let her go somewhere and wash dishes. What kind of psycho would send this woman gift cards with money? What are  they congratulations for getting away with murder? She should never enjoy prosperity

finally, the truth coming out, she wants to be wiped clear of her debt, so she can sell the story, and live as a rich millionaire happily ever after, while her daughter was not even worth a proper burial to her...pull an OJ on this case, do not let her stand to make money from her crimes!!!!

Lawyers want some money.  Go figure.

I can see it now......the winning bid for Casey Anthony's life story comes from....Nancy Grace!!

why is she still around?

Her and Baez can both rot in he11.

The casey anthony story?go to any porn shop and rent any movie you want, and you'll see her story

So let me get this striaight....She would get to sell her story to the highest bidder to pay off her debt?  Um..I have a story too, can I sell it?  Not likely...I dont see why she cant go get a job and WORK like everyone else.  Welcome to real life.  Pay your debts like everyone else has to. I do not belive she deserves to ride of the coat tails of her daughter's death and become wealthy off of it.

Make her do some porn that should pay the bills.

Wow, it would be the shortest book in the history of the written word. I DID IT.enough said.Hell NO!. Screwing that bottom feeding attorney would be poetic justice. Just sayn

I wouldn't read that book if it was free. To the lawyers...HAHAHAHAHAHA

I was thinking...how does Casey Anthony have debt? I thought that legal team did it "pro bono" - yet she accumulated 3/4 of a million dollars worth of legal fees between all parties? Now I have ZERO respect of Casey Anthony (you are guilty of something when you lie and tell no one your 5-yr old is missing for 30 days...PERIOD) but there's something wrong when DEFENDING yourself is nearly a million dollar endeavor.

Murder your child and lie' lie' lie get away with it and make seven figures. Pretty sick!Not interested in this twisted story

Just go bankrupt and start over, you're only 26. Dont try and profit from something as horrible as a murder of a 2 year old, regardles of whether or not you were guilty

Janie I agree... All the mean hateful ugly things ppl want to do to the mama WILL NOT BRING THE BABY BACK! BESIDES, whatever happened the mama will be tormented the rest of her life, A Mama NEVER gets over losing a child... If u are not a mama, u really have no clue!

It would be a shame if anyone would buy her book. She escaped justice. Hopefully we can make her pay a price.

That child killing #$%$ shouldnt be allowed to sell that story to anyone. Get a job ho! And to the laywers who wanna get paid off her story. Eat a #$%$. You chose to represent her pro bono, or you could have let her get a public defender. She doesnt deserve to sell that story to pay off any debts.

nancy disgrace is a crimminal herself..

I understand her creditor's need to be paid but I think it is absolutely wrong to let this woman make one penny from "telling her story!" While a jury found her not guilty, she is not innocent in the death of her daughter.Nobody should be able to buy this loser's story...let her suffer and work a job to pay back her debts.  They shouldn't be allowed to exploit that poor little girl's death for profit !

We ALREADY know her story only too well.

Actually you need your #$%$ beat just for mentioning this !

those lawyers should have known they'd never get paid. she doesn't work and didn't long before going to jail. her story would so full of lies. she would make herself look like an angel in any press. she loves public attention. "look at me".  she might be able to get a job in porn. ugh

Are you freaking kidding me? Sell her story so she can pay her debt? I pray that NOBODY buys any rights to this murderers story. She can get a job and pay her debt like the rest of the world!

She needs to be in jail she a sick woman to kill her kid.

If she wants to make money, there are plenty of urinals, commodes &amp; floors that need scrubbing. That is all she is fit for!

We all know her story, she's a ho!

Ephesians 5:11 Have nothing to do with the fruitless deeds of darkness, but rather expose them.

If she couldn't afford the attorney she should have had a court appointed attorney.the sad part here is...people will be lining up to buy the book.

There is always the option to appear in playboy or penthouse or porn.

I'm sure she's already been paying back Jose Baez... with special favors.  If yaknowwhatimtalkinabout

She was found not guilty. Because of this, according to Florida law, she does not owe $145,660 for the Orange County Sheriff's office for investigative fees and costs and $61,505 for the Florida Department of Law Enforcement for court costs. She should sue them under RICO because this is definitely racketeering.

Not surprising she is unemployed and bankrupt. How in the world would she be able to get a job? She can't be customer-facing and no company would want to be known as her employer. She needs to change her name, get some plastic surgery to become unrecognizable and move far away from Florida. Indirectly, she was found guilty.

PLEASE NO ONE GIVE HER MONEY!!! its sickening for her to make any money off of this. do the right thing people

anyone who is trying to make a dime off of the story of their deceased daughter is downright messed up. she lied to police about the disappearance of her daughter and i believe she killed her. so she gets to make money off of that? wheres the damn justice in all this?!

Let the piece of trash starve to dealth and then let her rot in the woods like she did to her daughter.

Casey Anthony's book " How to Run away with Murder " .

She should stop living off handouts and get a job to pay her bills.Ill give her a free bullet to the spine if she wants

Casey Anthony was acquitted - guilty or not - even though the media tried to convince us of her guilt.  I am more suspect of the media and its vigilante mentality than I am of someone who was acquitted in a fair trial.

Boycott.....she still has civil cases pending.......OJ was found not guilty but had civil monies he owed to the Goldman family.  All the other innocent people need to get whats owed them after what she put them though. I can see it now what will be in the book, she will blame everyone for her life and all the things she has done wrong.

If this woman even sees $1 from anything to do with this horrible failing of our justice system, I have lost all faith in humanity.

A mother is trying to earn money by selling the story of how she may or may not have killed her daughter.Correction of my comment:A woman is trying to earn money by selling the story of how she may or may not have killed the girl she gave birth to.

However, the lawyers keep hanging around waiting for a morsrel to drop. Best answer to 10,000 lawyers at the bottom of the ocean. Good start.

I hope the stupid people on that jury that let her go free....when there was remains of decomposed human fluids in her trunk....can't sleep at night AND get what THEY DESERVE!

go get a job you murdering k   u  nt!

Get a ghost writer like some of the big time crooks then they cant touch that !!

People do not buy or even notice anything that says CASEY Anthony. Quit even looking at these articles. Stop giving this monster ANY ATTENTION!!!!!!!!! DON"T HELP THIS MURDERING PIG!Is it going to be titled "If I did it" too?

Is anyone really going to believe a word she says?

Tell her story?? We KNOW her story. She killed her little girl and got away with it....now she wants to make money off of it. Such B.S.......there's a special place in he*l for this trash.

OMG - the whole world will be lining up to get their hands on this fabulous story - yeah right!

Who really cares about this lady???  I mean really???

The sick thing is that there are probably plenty of people who WOULD buy it. Just like there are those who call this murdering b***h their "friend" or are complete strangers yet are sending her "gift cards" and helping her to survive. Too bad that little child didn't get to "survive." She should never be allowed to profit one cent from her story, nor should her defense attorneys. Just because she was aquitted doesn't mean she was in any way innocent of it.

Her side of the story?  YOU THINK she will tell the TRUTH?  Right.Hope..no one buys the story, watches any program that has anything to do withher...hope it's a zero gain for her and her lying, thieving lawyers.By the way..I NEVER watch any of the cable news when they haveher creepy lying attorney on there...Biaz....boooooooo

I'm an avid reader but I wouldn't read her book if I was stranded on a desert island with nothing to do. I heard enough of her lies in the trial.

Her listed debts include $500,000 for attorney fees and costs for Jose Baez, her criminal defense lawyer during the trial; $145,660 for the Orange County Sheriff's office for investigative fees and costs; $68,540 for the Internal Revenue Service for taxes, interest and penalties; and $61,505 for the Florida Department of Law Enforcement for court costs.The filling also states that she is a defendant in several lawsuits........You Left Out' The Undetermined Dollar Amount For The Precious Life That She Took!!  ;  (

Perhaps the lawyers who are wanting to get paid should consider that this is FATE's way of punishing them for helping her to avoid her true punishment.If she was living in the dirt on the streets and begging for food she would have a better life than that of her poor child.  You made your bed now go away.

I don't want to hear OJ's story and I don't want to hear hers!!

Buy it, give her millions... no one will buy your book or watch your movie and you will be the loser.

"If she had the goods, and she was really going to spill the beans of what happened, particularly if she's not guilty, that's pretty big," said Eric Kampmann, the owner of Beaufort Books. "If she knew who the murderer was for example, that would be huge. That would be the biggest news story of the year."IF she knew who the murderer was, wouldn't she have been pretty quick to point that person out (but for self-incrimination)? She doesn't seem to be the type to fall on a sword for anyone. If she had the goods, she'd have spilled them before now to save her own behind.

Another lying lawyer. Before the trial started baez stated to the media that he was taking on this case free. That meant no legal fees charged to anthony. What happened?

There were Casey's Anthony's  thong underwear on auction that closed $827.00I wonder who got that cash.?...And who say's Americans are financialy struggling.?

I want someone to explain this to me. She is filing bankruptcy so she won't have to pay Zenaida and a few others who she doesn't owe YET. How can she put a price on that when she doesn't know what the outcome will be? Shouldn't a bankruptcy only include those things that are owed NOW? Not that I like the woman, but wouldn't she have been better off waiting until all her lawsuits were over and then file for bankruptcy???

I'm sure her baby daughter would rather have faced bankruptcy than the inner top of a coffin.

Don't do the crime if  you can't afford the court costs

Haven't we all heard the different versions of her "life story?"I always have a hard time believing her, I mean, what mother would wait over 30 days (correct me if I'm wrong) and then call 911 over the "missing daughter" she dad. I mean, even the pictures show that she went partying while her daughter went "missing" when in reality she was dead. I mean, I can't think how heartless a mother could be. That's got to be crazy. And another thing, she don't need to be selling books. She should just tell the truth. But if she didn't do it...then who did? What is she hiding? Or what is she afraid to say? She doesn't need to be saying one thing and then the other. Just SAY IT!!

Please let's all vow not to buy or read or watch ANYTHING that allows her to make money off of that sweet baby's death. Let her go out and earn a living. She is nothing but a POS.

I would not believe anything this lowlife pond #$%$ said. She will make up some tale that will show how mistreated she was and done so dirty and blame it on somebody else. I wouldn't give this POS the time of day. She is just taking up space and using oxygen on this earth that someone else deserves. LIKE HER LITTLE GIRL!!!! This is one sorry D-bag that does not deserve to profit one red cent on her killing this precious child. Her ignorant mother is about as bad.

So you prove your innocent shouldn't the people who accused her have to pay these debts?

This is a GD shame.  The B will end up rich, watch as see.  I'm not paying for none of her #$%$...

she should go be a #$%$ in the phillipnes.What ever happened to her genius parents?

i think i hate the jurors more than her

Oh, you mean the story about how she killed her daughter and got away scot free?  That should make good television.  If OJ can do it, why can't she?

I would buy it if it were the truth.  But I really don't think it will be the truth.

I for one have no desire to read Anthony's lies, oops, I mean side. She'll probably name the book just like O-J's "IF I Did It".If the judge is even considering allowing this he/she should be disbarred!

I think when Jodi Arius goes to prison the boys will be lining up to volunteer as conjugal visitors knowing what a freak she is in the sack!

First of all, I can't believe anyone offered her money to keep quiet and second, it would be a very short life story since she's only 26.Now, back to O.J. When he was first accused of  murder, I felt it was a rush to judgement, but when Marcia Clark did her closing, which was exceptional by the way, she sure sold me on his guilt. However, and I'm not taking his side, he was "deemed" innocent of the charges and not proven guilty, so how can the Goldmans and Browns come back later and file a wrongful death lawsuit against him without a guilty verdict. That still confuses me. It's like me signing a release form from suing a hospital, etc. and then turning right around and doing just that. What's the point of signing the release?

The Casey'blaster is screwed.

Maybe she shouldn't have lied.  Prison may have been a better option for this sleazebag.This is what her live is going to be like, unless she wins it big in the lottery.  Until then, I hope she suffers badly, for killing her daughter.

There is already a law that says the perpetrator of a crime can not profit from the crime in any way. The problem here is she was found (Not Guilty), so according to the law she did not commit a crime. I think we all know better, still legally she is innocent. I do not understand why she is responsible for the investigative fees, and court cost? The state brought the charges, and they lost, should not they be responsible for the cost? What should be happening here, is the Father of the little girl should be suing her in civil court for wrongful death of the child. It is much easier to prove a civil case, and he could make sure she never profited in the future.

What a pathetic piece of human flesh!!!

well, people are fascinated by train wrecks, so does it surpirse anyone that a) an attorney was seeking to make a buck at the expense of someone else and b) she's still in the news for this very reason?Seriously, someone should just advise her to go away...farm far away like maybe Greenland, or Norway...maybe Vietnam...and assume another identity and start over....sorry to say that but I see little else as a possibility for her...

If she's innocent, why does she have to ask a judge?

Nobody should buy that book period.You may have gotten away with murder in the eyes of the jury, Casey, but karma will get you. Starting with bankruptcy.

The lawyers are licking their chops.  Time for that payday.  Gross!

But everybody jumped on watching the #$%$ Drew Peterson story what's the difference?

Here's my life story.  I killed my kid and got away with it.  End of story.

What life story? It's as empty as the p.o.s. soul ! Can be written on the back of a post card.

there's no value to "her story"... nobody cares! this is all about the lawyers wanting to get paid. the court may approve this though because it appears they want paid now too, I've never heard of someone being acquitted having to pay court costs or investigative costs.

"If she had the goods, and she was really going to spill the beans of what happened, particularly if she's not guilty, that's pretty big," **** is this guy VISITING FROM ANOTHER PLANET. "...if she's not guilty,..." -- are you kidding me?????????????????

that's exactly what it is...a story.

Somebody please find and kill this evil witch

I could see this being a movie LMN, sadly.Kill your kid..then make money off of it?  Sick world

I'll pay a buck fifty, no more, no less.

"If she knew who the murderer was for example, that would be huge. That would be the biggest news story of the year."  That line was a joke, right?!?!  We ALL know who the murderer is; the biggest story is she didn't get convicted of it and her #$%$ is still walking around free.

Who wants to read a fictional story about her??? It would be all lies. Shove it.

There it is... I knew it was a matter of time before she profits off the murder of her child.

Lawyer just wants to get paid. How disgusting! Didn't he learn anything from the OJ book, no sane person would buy that type of book? The tramp killed her daughter, what else is there to know! Mommy and Daddy didn't pay enough attention to me as a child! Ya, right!

Why would you buy her book when it's her side of the story which will be lies.

Who in the hell would send her money to help support her? They're as sick or sicker than her. I say sell the story to pay her bills. No reason she should proffit later from it. $500K is a deal to get off on murder. O.J. paid more than that.

I don't give a damn about her life story.

If there is a God there would be a reality show with Casey Anthony ,Lindsay Lohan, and Arias the killer locked in an apartment for one year with total sound and camera coverage.I would watch that.Is anyone supposed to give a fudge that she's in debt? That she has to hide? She killed her daughter, she should be poor and scared.

anyway say a prayer for caylee today

Nothing but lies!   I hope they find her in the river!  She is TRASH!

If someone was awarded her life story...it doesn't mean she will/has to cooporate on the writing. She was aquitted, legally that means she can't be retried, she got away with it.

It's sickening to see how she and her "rights" are protected but that's what it's been this way in our "legal" system for decades! Those lawyers were panting every day around her in Court and she uses them like she's used everybody else. There has been no justice for Caylee.

And the answer is NO!

The trustee knows He or She will get a CUT!!!!! MONEY,MONEY,MONEY but it's not going to where it should be going!!!!!

Casey Anthony=Wicked Tuna

Maybe she shouldnt have killed her daughter, then she wouldnt be bankrupt.

If she was found "not Guilty) and I don't know, although; I have my own suspicions, why can't she sell her story?Same company to publish OJ's book.  She'll be in good company...as a cold hearted, lying homicidal socoiopath POS....

She should only be allowed to sell her story for the amount that she owes, and the money should go directly to her creditors.

I'm sure she is getting welfare cards and an Obamaphone from the Chosen one.  Let her rot.

Life story cliff notes. #$%$, had baby, W(ho)re, killed baby, W(ho)re, trying to profit from killing! Just saved you all $20!

The working theory of the Orange County Sheriff's Department at the beginning of this fiasco was that the child drowned. Which is probably what actually happened. Instead of charging her with 1st degree murder,,,which they had no chance of getting her convicted of, they should have charged her with improper disposal of a body among other things,,,that would have ensured she would be locked up long enough to sort things out. The DA didn't count on her being the incredible sociopath that she is. They hedged their bets,,,,,they expected her to confess when faced with a first degree murder charge,,,,,,,it was a scare tactic that failed and blew up in their face. The State's Attorney failed in this case as did investigators. The kid's body was up the street from the house under everyone's noses,,,,there wasn't any excuse for this. They screwed up,,,and now she is free. Live with it.

Tell her story!

LOL...  She thinks she can run from the IRS through bankruptcy...  LOL...You'll still owe that one bitc#...  Plus, you might even owe additional taxes from the sale of "your story" and the dismissal of your other debts...The IRS will collect before you get to keep a dime.  LOL...  Karma's a bitc#, just like you Casey...

She and OJ could do a book signing tour. One day.

Jenn, I agree with you she can get off her butt and go get a job,since she is not pounding her head on trying to find her DAUGHTERS KILLER. I think all proceeds should go to a children's center to help all kids,with medical problems, hospitalization,even the parents of the kids needing help. So much is needed to help these families in need even sending the money for research for different diseases. And all of the money needs to be handled buy a third  party attorney that has no connection with the case. CASE ANTHONY you let your DAUGHTER DIE WITH NO MERCY,YOUR PAIN HAS ONLY JUST BEGUN, DEAL WITH IT " SHAME ON YOU"

Crawl back under your rock. The public is sick of you.Do it, pay her debts that are legal and use the rest to start a trust fund for abused children

what about poor Caylee ; what is left for her memory to honor her life?

Just like Obama, if they wait long enough they think people will forget. I will never forget Benghazi and I will never forget Caylie Anthony.  I have no use for murderers

If anyone I know buys her book, I will slap them in the face.

I think we all know her life story:PartyLieParty some moreKillParty some moreLie some moreYawn.

I would NEVER buy a book when this POS profits.  I like the idea one man had of buying it to prevent it from being published.  And, I lost all respect and sympathy for the Goldman family when they published OJ's book.  Fred Goldman looked like his greed exceeded his sorrow at losing his son.

Ok, so can she or can she not sell her story? I'm not reading all that junk.

If she were in jail as she should be, money would not be a problem.

Someone needs to cut her throat.

Who voted for Obama 2008? Casey didNope. I would not pay to hear about that story. I would stop watching any network that had her story on it. Period.

How can you sell something that she's not willing to provide? And who really wants to read her side of the story anyways. Her lawyer got exactly all he's going to get from her- free publicity.

And the search and investigation for Caylee’s offender? Where is that going? It ain't. Meanwhile the misery merchants are pumping up mommy celebrity status to boost interest in a book and movie deal.

Don't buy anything related to this woman...don't watch anything or read anything!

this would be a total lie.   there would not be a stick of truth in anything she says.paying her bills would be profit from killing her daughter.

If I wanted fiction, I would go to the fiction section.  We are letting criminals make millions "telling THEIR story

OK.  Let's all agree to not buy the book, watch the made for TV movie, etc. so that the buyer of this life story loses their #$%$ over this.  Make the pledge??

Just wondering: just WHO does this Trustee think would want to hear a word that this thieving,murdering lowlife has to say?She can tell the truth about nothing,got off for killing a beautiful little girl b/c her jurors were too stupid to see through it all...anyone who wants to hear what Casey has to say needs to get a life!!

Don't you just love the sick society that we have become?  No accountability and no moral standards!   I used to be proud when I said I was an American.....now it is an embarrasment!

she should just do porn...Why is this #$%$ still breathing..

So I can commit a heinous crime......be found "not guilty"......then sell the story?????Something is very very wrong here.

I'm sorry, but I wouldn't give this woman a dime!

omg this is such #$%$.  she might be free but as far as I'm converned she's guilty hell is hot and now we have to hear all about her life and they want to drag that murdered baby into a movie?  so attorneys can get the money?  when does it ever stop.

You kill your kid because you don't want the responsibility of being a mom, then you mourn by partying like a teenager, now you want pity to tell a fabricated story that not only you expect people to believe, but to pay for too? Get bent.

Bottom line no one cares about her anymore!!! Get a job

LOL at tell my story. Here's the book: I killed my daughter. The end.

Her story isn't worth 2 flies eating a pile of dog $*&amp;@

My ex had the nerve to tell me that she could move in with most any guy and he would take care of her because she looks like a super model!!!! WHAT???  And watch the kids too???  He said 49/50 men would say the same thing!  I said you show me 49 men who say she can move in with them and I say you are on Rikers Island.  Come on guys - tell me I am correct - please???

She's too late to make much hay on her story. I think Casey Anthony has now been replaced by Jodi Arias as "Most Hated Woman In America", Casey is old news. But as is the case with both of these trollops you can't trust a word that comes out of their mouths so why pay $ to read what might or might not be a pack of lies? Not a very good reputation for a Nonfiction author....??If I was her I would give up my U.S. citizenship and tell America and these people suing her to go screw themselves. She is never going to get a break in America any way even when she was found NOT Guilty. She can then go to Singapore and write her book and keep the money.

The littlw witch is going to make money one way or the other.  I just hope people don't buy any of her bull.

Why has no one picked this broad off yet? Seriously. Do I need to make a trip to Florida?

Honestly, I think she should be allowed to tell her story. She is a true media w/h/o/r/e who craves the spotlight and if you keep letting her get out there and run her yapper, sooner or later she will slip up and say something incriminating by accident. I say give her the rope and let her hang herself with it.

Anyone would have to be as sick as she is to buy, let alone read her book if she is allowed to write it.

Wasn't that lie told in court already...why would anyone buy into it...

Theres gotta be a point where even a book publishing company says "sweetie we don't,even, want to hear your story"

I got some jobs for her #$%$ right on the corner of 8th Street,Calle Ocho homies!

im surprised no one has taken a shot at her yet...hint,hint

I will not pay a songle cent to watch or read anything about this woman's life story. To do so would help her profit from killing her child.The fifth amendment cannot be suspended to satisfy Ms. Anthony's angry creditors without an amendment to the constitution. The bankruptcy trustee Stephen Meininger, who probably wants to run for governer of Florida, can grandstand all he wants, but this petition shouldn't be granted, regardless of the horrendous death of her daughter for which she was not convicted.

Well, it would probably interest the same types who follow the Kartrashians' exploits.

She could have told the truth on the stand. She gets to walk free while her daughter's remains are in the ground.  This is disgusting.

honestly, I hope not. a book or a movie, please say no.

Maybe she can team up with Octomom and Kate Gosselin and do a reality show where every week one of the kids dissapears and they can't figure out why or WHO is responsible for the kids going missing !

Not sideing with this person, but in light of what occured, If she was acquitted why pay for the cops failure to produce the evidence to convict and the court cost? And as far as the lawyers, half million!  and the IRS..........That said, she needs to get a job and quit mooching.

If there isn't a law against people of interest involved in a murder case, to prevent them from getting rich off the crime, then there should be. How low can you go.  No, this low life of the highest form should not get rich off this. NO, NO, NO.

And where did she have the kind of money to accrue $64K in unpaid taxes.... things are NOT adding up...

Whether she did or did not kill her kid. She should not try to earn money based on her side of the story. It is in poor taste

The jury was blinded, evidence was there. she told lie after lie, a child is dead with no closure, no justice abd people support her and now she needs to sale a book, what about the innocent baby, no justice and these morons who support her support a murderer. If they allow her this and a book is published all these people as far as im concerned side with a worthless baby killer.Any money she collects should not go to her, not one damn penny.She murdered her son and a shyster lawyer got her off so both are #$%$.All money should go to help real victims, not low life mother murderers.

She can put her book where the sun don't shine!

do not buy anything about her, boycott anyone and everyone that sponsors anything about her. Time to rot in HELL BE OTCH!!!!!!

Let me get this straight, this #$%$ kills her kid, we all know she did it, then doesn't work, and now wants to use the death of her kid to pay off her debts? What the hell? This woman is pure evil. I hope the judge denies it. Also I thought Baez was a public defender because she claimed to be indigent while in jail. SO where did his big ole bill come from? Her back taxes? What, she never paid taxes in her life? That's a huge tax bill for someone who doesn't work now. Guess she was to busy whoring around and plotting how to get rid of her kid to pay her taxes. Now she has new lawyers, whose paying them? What a farce this is and I hope she never makes a damn dime off the death of that beautiful little girl. Like OJ, she got away with murder.

Should've gotten the death penalty instead of being treated like a celebrity......

Everyone has only heard one side of the story, Nancy Graces side, bunch of mob mentality followers

OJ with a vagina.

Ohh, the poor killer is bankrupt. Boo freaking hoo.

You judgmental people should remember she was cleared of the charges and therefore proven innocent!

Her life story has already been publicized. What is it that the public doesn't know that a book is going to tell us.ILEGAL, is ILLEGAL. They are all criminals, inc., their 'BOARDER BABIES'.  RUN all 30 million, out of the country, now. March them to the boarder, and shove them across, with just what they came with. Nothing. Send obama, with them.

Maybe she should write a book like OJ titled I didnt kill my daughter but if I did heres how I did it.

We don't wanna hear all of her lies, I hope she starves to death, no job, no money, just slowly die of starvation. I'm sure she'll wear out her welcome at friends' homes, especially when their children start to go missing. This is just sick! Anyone who would buy that book should also die.

no matter if we like it or not, the people "jury" spoke and she was acquitted , none of us where actually there, you cant convict people on opinions, feelings, and suspicion. She has the right to sell her story like anyone else.

The American public is very dumb and someone will buy it. I remember during the OJ trial some guy wrote a book called 'I heard the dogs bark'. SERIOUSLY...

anyone who buys it is a traitor to Caylee and her life

Casey Anthony wants to tell her side of the story?  Really??  She's a liar... I'm sure she has a million different versions of her side of the story!

Did anyone go see "OZ" yet?  It's really a good movie.

I will save you 19 dollars. "Brat kills child and gets away with it." Now she needs money. THE END.

Yep...she knows who the murderer is...Uhhh because it is her!!!i remember when i was on yahoo posting how she would eventually make money and i was shot down by everyone that read my post, I had over 900 thumbs down and no thumbs up and now here she is on the verge to gain millions of dollars doing just what i said.

Kampmann said enough time has passed since Anthony's trial that her story could be marketable.**Even educated people are filthy #$%$.  Caylee is still dead so enough time has not passed.

Who would want to buy such garbage let alone read about it? Only a murderer or child molester I assume?

No one to here lies coming out of her mouth, and for her to make one damn dime off Caylee's death or her life , she didn't get what she deserved and should not make a profit off murder.

Those lawyers she had were banking on her making millions on this story, that's why she got away scot free. If she really knew who murdered her child then why keep mum about? Of'course it's about the money made from the death of a little girl. Move out of the country. please.

"Kampmann said enough time has passed since Anthony's trial that her story could be marketable."  There will never, ever be a time when I will want to read this POS's "version" of Caylee's disappearance and death.

They will call the book: "Tales From The Dark Side."

It would get a lot more bids if it were to include here gory and bloody demise as the closing scene.

The three things one can never escape....death, taxes and attorney fees.

If her life story is a book, go to Barnes and Noble and read it for free. If it is a movie, download it illegally.  Don't let her make a dime off of her child's deathI wont read it or watch a movie about it

She needs to just GO AWAY ALREADY !!!!

People send her money???She can't get a job at McDonald's??Sociopath for sure!!!(but we all already knew that....)

Attention. That is all it is, it does not matter if it is good or bad attention, her story will still draw a crowd. The comments below prove this point. Same with the Kardashians.... everyone hates them, yet you still see stories about them all over the place.

that judge had better say ...HELL NO !!!!

Has she ever wonder why she cant get a job? NO ONE LIKES HER! She could care one less about her daughter. She went out to party while her kid was missing. I would go though hell if my kid was missing. She wont get one cent out of me.

Only in America can a person murder some one and get rich in the process....So stupid

I thought this no good child killer was not suppose to get even an ounce or modicum of publicity?

If the district attorney would have done a better job, she wouldn't be free. And, NO, it's not the jury's fault they let her go, he dropped the ball. And he wrote his own book.

Sadly, if this does go through there will be legions of morons willing to buy it.ArmyMedic, you are partly correct, this is a very sick person, I believe that some day we will be seeing her in Court again, hopefully she will get convicted this time and sent to prison where she belongs.

So a so called murderer of a child wants to get rich! Not in my lifetime, girl!! Don't you remember that 'Beautiful Life' tattoo? What's the matter, it aint so beautiful, is it?!

Oh heck No! We don't want to pay you money to read more lies! Do you think we are stupid?? NOT!

OMG!! She needs to get a friggin J-O-B! and pay her debts!! This will #$%$ me right off if this #$%$ gets to slide out of this by selling her story.... !! I hope whoever is even talking to them about buying it knows what a backlash they will get too!

who will buy it?????  NOT ME........  She killed that child and got away with it   she deserves to be broke

Please America, Don' support her in any shape ,form or fashion

playboy will pay her money for photo shoot.

Would you buy a book knowing she would get the profits? I don't care who she had to pay I sure as heck wouldn't spend a dime that would help her!!!

This woman murdered her daughter. I dont give a #$%$ about her life story and I sures hell will not buy her book.

so where DID my money go,  when my taxes went to her defense?This lowlife piece of #$%$ murdered her little girl and now she wants to make money off the murder.. How Pathetic can anyone be.. This #$%$ should be rotting behind bars!!

So, lets sell her story so she profits from the death of her daughter, and need we say being the guilty reason for it........... Oh wait, she didnt do it, because a jury said she didnt..

This is just disgusting... I will not spend a dime on that trash. This woman murdered her daughter and should be rotting in a prison cell, praying for her own death.

This shows how stupid people can be. Why would anyone help a baby killer? If she wouldn't of killed her child she wouldn't be filing for bankruptcy. No one should give her a cent!!!

If she was found innocent, why does she need to pay the costs of the sheriffs office in trying to convict her??   (I have no idea how our legal system works)  It seems the court should defray her cost of defense if she was innocent.

Let's Get In The" Today World"- This Miss Anthony is From The Lowest Form Of a Woman That Was Blessed With an ( Angel.)- NOW" SHE WANTS TO TELL HER STORY." IT WAS HEARD LOUD AND CLEAR...."KILLER".

You know she could go to the pole its not like shes to classy for that

You wanna know her story: she killed her daughter, then covered it up and lied about with help from her family. The end. No book necessary.

We already know here life story... I was born, I killed my own daughter because she cramped my style, I'm a sleazebag, THE END!!!! Move on.. Pay the lawyers- find her a rock to crawl under..

Now lets see who the biggest #$%$ are... Including the judge that grants such a request!! This girl deserves nothing, she should be in jail or in the ground!!!!!!!!!!She's a B#$ch, who killed her child, who cares what happens to her? STOP putting her in the media already!!

She was found NOT GUILTY. By law-legally. Just like it is legal to dismember a child in the uterus with scalpel or suction. So don't be hypocritical regarding the death of Casey's daughter. What's the difference between her daughter and the preborn? A couple of inches of muscle, fat, and skin.

her debt should be paid back by electric chair

Say,YES !!! to Casey. That will be one HOT!!! movie.

I'll gladly pass on that offer, thank you.

If I want to read/watch a fairy tale... I'll get it from Disney.

Let me just say this on Casey Anthony...a case I did not follow or even know about until it was on the news the day the verdict broke. Happened to run into it and watched.You are GUILTY OF SOMETHING when your 5-yr old child is missing for 30 days and you lie about it and tell no one. Period. I'm not even saying SHE did the killing...maybe didn't even want the killing. But she is guilty of SOMETHING.No one in their right mind has a 5-yr old missing for 30 days and lies and tells not a soul. Period.

Anyone how supports this deranged woman's ploy to cash in on her daughter's murder should go **** themselves. I'm dead serious.

Make a buck by laying on your back--party with porn stars. You made this mess no one did this to you.

I don't know who is clothing, feeding and housing her.  And I don't know why anyone would.How long is she going to get by on publicity?  I sure hope our taxes aren't supporting her.Not enough money to pay her bills, but enough to accesorize her designer outfit, get a manicure, and have her hair perfectly styled.

I'm glad she's going broke!  Sometimes having to make it out in the real world with a stigma like this is worse than being sent to prison.

It's a dirty shame this worthless #$%$ is still walking around breathing! What a waste of good air!

I thought the "real story" was presented in court? Does she have a version of the truth that differs from what her defense presented as the truth?

NO! NO! Let this baby killer go on the streets and sell her body. Then maybe some one like her will put and end to her.  Anyone who buys a book or watches a film on her is as bad as she is. Any lawyer that has client is a slime bag and should be disbarred. Where is the justice for that sweet baby girl whose life was taken from her because she was in the #$%$  way of life. If there is a God, please avenge this child.

The murdering Mom, yeah we ALL know she did it! Why doesn't she just get naked for some trashy magazine or get a job pole dancing cause we all know she loved to party, hay make her an honorary Kardashion , trash would blend great with trash. Real story how could 12 supposedly smart people let her off the hook for murder.

have some decency and respect for your dead child and for heaven sakes go get a real job and don't try making money off her... If i were the judge, I'd lock you up if you tried to request me that permission

How many of you go to church?  How many of you actually listen to what is said in church? How many of you read the word?What gives us the right to be judge jury and executioner?  Does the BEING you believe in andpray to believe in hate, revenge  and not forgiving?I admit that I did sound exactly as many of you do ( when the little girl first went missing) . That was before I became born again.There is nothing any of us can do to bring the little girl back( who is in Heaven now). There is nothing any of us can do to bring any of the victims of crime back in our society. Pray for the families of the victims and pray for those who did the crimes. Reflect on ourselves and pray for forgiveness.If you have hate in your heart, you are bonded to that person.God Bless

No Surprise here, We knew this was coming. Making money off her dead child.

NO, why should she get rich at the expense of her daughter's tragic death.  We need to stop watching all of the sensalized trash that the networks call TV entertainment so that people like this woman cannot come up with some 'get rich' scheme!!! America/world wake up!  This is not entertainment it is merely someone cashing in at the expense of others.  I never watch reality shows and stopped watching TV months ago because of this type of trash.She could make a killing doing porno!

OBT is where she ought to be working.

I will never touch that book or read it.. i do not want to hear a murderers story and see the money go to that murderer..karma is a b!tc#.. live bankrupt now

Sell her story about getting away with murder. Yeah, what great thing to do for her.She makes sick! Using her dead daughter as a way to get money for the debts she created is just plain disgusting. I wont be buying her story ever.

why would she won,t to tell this story she muderer her child got away withit i will not buy the book or watch the movie she is a #$%$

Spare me.... Were all in some kind of debt.  Why should she get any special breaks?  Unless of course it's an arm or a leg....

The only thing I want to hear or see about this piece of trash is headlines that say the same thing happened to her as what she did to her daughter.

"If she knew who the murderer was for example, that would be huge,"  actually that would be obstruction of justice to withhold such information!  I dont care what this womans debt is, i dont think ANY parent who is in thier right mind would want to profit from thier childs death - the fact that she is thinking of doing so says a whole lot about her, and it isnt good!!

shes already been sleeping with 1 of the lawyers,,,he's been paying her bills

ill bet that there are people out there that are saying they wouldn't pay to read or see her story but just like bottled water they put a price on it and the fools will rush to pay for her filterd transparent story. please dontIf you ever wondered why people hate lawyers... here ya go ! More exploitation of a dead child . The memory Kaylee Anthony goes to the highest bidder.

Like anything Casey has to say has any credibility...why should anyone pay money for more of her fiction!!!  She's not going to tell the truth but she's smarter than OJ (which is not hard) so she's not going to write the 2nd "if I did it" version!  She's a piece of trash and should be tossed into a mandatory work program!

BS!  Let her rot on earth and then burn in Hell!  Her lawyers were stupid to have taken her case (they really thought she was going to be able to pay their fees?).  The only thing that would make this whole matter better is if all of her lawyers involved couldn't get any work since they defended this liar (but that will never happen)!

we know her story already.  She had a child, killed that child and now wants to make money off that child's story--I say NO THANK YOU

It is a proud day for liberals when muderers can profit off of their crimes.

Only in america can we allow a dirtbag woman to kill her child and make her a millionaire!

let her tell "her" story &amp; we won't listen, read or watch....then see who makes money

She did it all to herself in hiding the death or murder of her child !!

It,s all about money and nothing else. that poor child died because of some stupid idiotic selfish B.... and ALL others can only think about money and profit.  Sick

Why not follow the Octomom and do porno?She can rot in the streets then rot in hell, where she'll stare into her poor daughter's accusing eyes forever.

Who the hell would ever buy her book. Let alone pay her to publish it.

She's a real head case!

I have a suggestion for her, "Interracial Porn"..... $$$$$$

I am still wondering why this woman is alive today

Her book will have to wait until I finish reading OJ's and Robert Blake's.

The book won't be on my bookshelf!

I'd pay to see her hung

Lets petrify her, Break her into little pieces, sell them off for the moneys

She shouldn't be allowed to make a dime off the killing of her own daughter.The only story I would like to have read about Casey Anthony is how horrible she is in prison, sick that she's back in the news.

Anyone who goes out and tries to buy this, is only rewarding the BS she pulled. There won't be supply of any of it if there is no demand.

The Karma boogy man isn't done with her yet.

Why give a murderer a million bucks to tell the world what we already knew she did?

Why buy the book when it was free watching it on TV.  What is your side of the story?  You were the last one with Caylee and you never once try calling the police until after your Mother called.

Who cares about her story....she is a pos.

I always assumed Baez was being paid in #$%$!

Here's a novel idea go get a job doing what you're good at - lying and partying.  I have no interest in hearing your "version" of truth. Go work at an entry level job and actually work your way up to somewhere. You don't deserve to "jump back into life" and make a bunch of bucks.

NO money for this MURDER! End of story!

Broke and living in a box under a bridge is to good for this POS that murdered her own daughter.How she could murder her own daughter so she could go out and party is beyond belief.  And how many months did she wait to report her missing?My daughter is never out of the sight of me or her mother for any resaon.  We do not allow even close family to watch her.  She is mine to love cherrish and defend to my last breath.  God help anyone that would harm her because no one else on this planet could.I CAN NOT believe this low life trash is pregnant AGAIN!! And the law is going to allow her to have it.

so get a job!... no way should she be allowed to profit from killing her daughter, no way... just file bankruptcy since no one will give you a job, or start partying again and pimp'n yourself out!!!

If she goes through with it and sells her story then she is more evil than I thought.   How could anyone want to make money off their daughters death.  If something like that happened to my daughter there isn't enough money in the world that could make me want to make money from telling how she died.  The only way I would do it is if she died texting while driving or doing drugs.  I would give all the money to a charity to try and prevent any other child from making the same mistake.

NO!  We all know she's a child killer.  No one wants your stupid book, just go away.

who would believe anything she'd have to say !!

is she looking for the real killer?

talk about justice! this low life woman was involved in or killing her own child so she could have more quality time having sex with her boyfriends.the judicial system is a joke.

let her write the book and sign off all rights to the charity of her choice.then after all of her legal woes are paid off everything after that stays with the charity.

This child killer deserves nothing but hell in her self-centered life! She is another that should be on Death row. She does not deserve to breathe our air, or go on living on the Tax payers dime.

Boycott any low life who publishes her story, or makes a movie, or mini-series, etc.Sadly, if the court allows it, you KNOW there is some AMORAL jerk gonna try to turn a buck.Only in America. Can get away with murdering your daughter and than profit from it.

Disgusting. Go work at a fast food place. No way should she get to live high off the hog off her daughter's death. Sorry, honey, go to work.

Only thing i want to read about this killer is her obituary.

What are they going to do with it? write a book called "if I had done it"

Another book of fiction for the library shelves.

Bookstore/library problem: will it be in the fiction or non fiction section?

She murders her 2 year old child,and gets a few million dollars for it.Who could call that justice.These people that would pay her all this money for her story are just greedy vulture's.

Face facts...  Casey Anthony is still the party girl you screw in the bathroom at the club...  But you'd never take home for the night, because she'd steal your stuff by morning...

wonderfull, file it under PURE FANTASY / FICTION

This thing wants to file bankruptcy and then make money writing her book and it will be filled with lies just like her trial!And people are going to buy her books and watch her movies. Trust me, people are that stupid.

If Caylee could tell a story, Why did mommy kill me???? Who every is paying her bills now and buying her nice clothes can keep doing it, there would have too be many books for all the storys she told and would she doing book signing ? There other ways she can make money with out using the death of Caylee it would just all be more lie's ,she's not going now to tell the truth, I KILLED HER .

sick b*tch! let me tell the story how I got away with killing my daughter!

"Anthony said she was unemployed and hasn't received any money to tell her story"  She should have taken the stand to tell her story- What a psycho- I hope the baby killer rots in a very particularly warm and painful place

Of course her lawyers are going to help her sell her "story" because they want to be paid. This women should not be allowed to breathe air. She is a DISGUSTING individual and deserves to die. I don't care what anyone says, she killed her daughter and buried her. Then proceeded to go out and party/get a tattoo and not give two craps. Disgusting... makes my stomach turn to read that she is again in the lime light of the media nad might make some money off of telling her side. (which is nothing but lies and BS) ROT in hell casey anthony.I will not read or buy anything about this. She is a murderer.

Yeah , everyone wants to know what the white kardashian has to say about sex and fashion .  Oh yeah,  what oh what could we not know about the death of her baby.  I swear being a party girl #$%$ monger and model while being a mother just isnt what it used to be.!

She is a liar anyway, she had nothing to say before, nothing to say now.

SO SHE'LL BE screwing the IRS, the Sheriff's Dept and Jose Baez???  Wow, she'll really be unpopular.

She should just do porn.  She obviously killed her child so morality wouldn't be an issue.

Nobody wants to read her story, it's a bunch of lies....get lost Casey Anthony........Hell no,no one wants to hear that lying piece of garbage's side of the story.  It will all be just a lie and we all know how good she is at that.  Let her work her #$%$ off to find a way to pay back those she owes.  As for the lawyers fees just the celebrity status that man received after her trial should be payment enough, he got a murderer off and became a star - account paid.

I certainly wouldn't buy her book.  This piece of trash belongs in prison!

Casey and that girl over in Italy fit into the same category as OJ to me. I'm not interested in hearing "their story." Case closed.

She will be allowed to do it. And it will sell millions! Believe she did it or not, it will be done. I personally believe she did or at least had a hand in it. But would probably also read the book out of curiosity...Now slam away for I know some of you will.

At 26 years old, has this kid ever worked a day in her life?Excluding "the poll" of course...

Yeah, the picture leaving the courthouse looks as if she is just days away from skid row.

This is what is wrong with us today.  I believe that she should be able to sell her story and be compensated as much as possible for it - this is America.  HOWEVER - anyone who pays for her story is an idiot and should be shot.  Do we really want to hear her lie about how she didn't kill her daughter?

Are you kidding me, she is suppose to be marrying a billionaire, please, do not let this sham of a person continue with her pathetic lifestyle.

the tramp-stamp on her butt tells the whole story.

vultures &amp; parasites hawkin' the goodsPut her in jail where she should have been put long ago and she won't have to worry about food and lodging! She shouldn't profit in any way from the awful thing she did, not even to pay her debts.

yep, the lawyers want their money...I say let the lawyers suck it up like everyone else.  offer her a buck for her story..period, then burn it.   of course the lawyers will find a way to write it off on the taxes if they don't collect so they win either way.let this #$%$ live in poverty the rest of her life...at least shes still alive.

Get a job like everyone else...in Europe, you murderer. America does NOT want your #$%$ existance here! ! JUST LEAVE !

I hope she rots in proverty under a rotting tree , where the rats can feed off her rotting body, I would never read a book that would make her money, But I would buy a book about her nasty rotten body if the money would go to a abused child fund.

This was all a ploy for a book deal then there will be a movie some where along the line.  Get a job B*#%@*.  I can't believe people would want a story from the lying piece of #$%$.

Great idea! Let the Trustee sell the rights for the exact amount she owes her debtors, the trustee pays off the debts and she never sees A PENNY!

There are so many of 'her' and 'him' in the world. Gad zooks

She should not get one cent from the death of daughter she belongs in jail

Her life's story? Who really would PAY to hear or read about her life? If America does pay and she makes millions then this Country and the folks living here are the bottom feeders of the pyramid of intelligent beings.

media and lawyers are sick and greedy people.No but hell no, she better not be allowed to do this.  Getting rich off killing her daughter! Know she got off but everybody knows she killed that little precious girl.  She gets her way, that just proves our justice system sucks.

Seriously?  She was a nobody.  Who wants to read her life story?  I can tell you her life story in a couple of sentences:  Spoiled, entitled, #$%$, whiney 19 year old gets knocked up, decides she doesn't want the kid because said kid is cramping her party lifestyle.  Said spoiled whiney girl kills said child and dumps said child in the swamp and blames it on the non-existent nanny.  End of story.  I just saved everyone from buying the book.

It will only make money if people read it.

Wow... didn't see this coming.

We don't want to hear anymore of her lies we've heard enough.. GO AWAY!!!!

I agree Jenn.  But its been done before and made the bad guy rich!!  Sickening!!

Dear Miss Anthony...F(u)ck off and DIE!!! May you rot in hell!

..so she can pay her debts? All the money in the world and beyond wouldn't even put a dent in the kind of debt she owes.

Guess she shouldn't of offed her kid, lead the state of Florida on a wild goose chase, and lied about and then threw her parents under the bus. She's gotten far less than she deserves and needs to get a job like everybody else.

what story? the one where she killed her kid and got away with it? we've already heard it. get you happy (a)ss down to Mcdonalds and start flipping some burgers you uppity (b)itch.All I can say is she had better live the rest of her life in hideing! This sociopathic party girl is just disgusting. Of course shes going to try to make money off the murder of her child, would you expect anything less?I keep reading comments on here that she should do porn. Just because she is a young party girl, doesn't mean someone should hire her to make porn.  don't even think Larry Flynt would approach her to being in his videos or magazine.

They will go broke.

At first I thought "No way!" but now I'm thinking it might not be a bad idea to sell the rights if it prevents her from ever profiting from it personally at any point in the future.

If she ever makes one red cent off this murder of her child it will be a great injustice.   I do not care one whit about the woman's life story.  It would suit me me if I never saw her ugly mug again on any publication.  Just reminds of her heinous crime and the fear, pain and suffering her poor little girl was put through. Let that murdering witch eat at soup kitchens and live on the street. We will not forget that little baby girl.

Who in the hell wants to read a bunch more lies? This girl does not know the difference between a lie and the truth! Who the hell is supporting this moron anyway? Let her starve!

If she who knew the murderer was? yeah she knows the murderer preeeety well

This world is really screwed up if she's allowed to profit one red cent from murdering her precious child.  I hope she spends the rest of her sorry life in hiding from the public that wants a piece of her.

They didn't list the cost to buy off the illiterate jurors.

If she is jobless how does she owe taxes to IRS?

I thought she already stated her daughter died in the pool and her father covered up the story (wasn't that the craziness that came out in court?)  So, the story has changed again?Why did this woman have a private lawyer if she couldn't afford it?If she is jobless how does she owe taxes to IRS?

She was found not guilty in a court of law and NONE of you were present in this case nor were you apart of this event.  So don't pass judgement on something that you no nothing about especially when the Liberal media is known to feed people BS and lies on just about everything these days..

Who wants to read about a selfish #$%$ that is responsible for the death of a defenseless little girl.

I hope she stays in debt over her head the rest of her life.

She should just go ahead and take that bottle of sleeping pills she keeps in her nightstand.

Casey is the most trashy woman on earth ,,, she shows other mothers you can kill your babys and walk

Hell no! Get a job like the rest of us. Go flip burgers at a McDonalds or something, You've lived off of others for long enough and shame on your trustee...

Yep, kill your kids run up countless hundred of thousand in bills you can not afford, file bankruptcy, and come out almost scott free only to maybe write a book a couple years later and make a bundle, then comes a made for tv movie and the millions that may come along with it. On the other hand she is still fairly young and not bad looking, she could become a porn star and start paying off her debt to society.

She should be in PRISON, not selling a book on how she killed her kid. Let her work her debt off, maybe busting rocks!

How about they just sell Casey Anthony?  I'm sure she would bring a pretty penny in the white slave trade.Something smells, OH, never mind. It was the beans from last night.......AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GOOD ONES...........

Disgusting. She should not profit one penny over the death of her child. What kind of mother doesn't report her child missing for like a month? if she sells her story I hope we can cause the publisher to go bankrupt by not ONE person buying her book.

I'll give her a dollar...then sit on the rights and never, ever let the story be published.

Having lived in Vegas for over twenty years I can spot a *W*H*O*R*E* from 2 city blocks and from what I see, Casey Anthony fits all the criteria of being one.

she deserves to die Broke after what she did!! anyone who gives her money basically has no respect for her dead Daughter!!

Her dirt bag lawyer should not be able to collect one penny of the money from anything. No story will be purchased by anyone who has any shred of decency.  Only fellow dirt bags would buy a book about a murderer who got off scott free and then profits from it.

Anyone that buys or reads this is a failure to the child.  To give her any sort of income is a travesty.

She deserves to ROT like the piece of garbage she is!

my usual, #$%$"

if she did a series of extreme anal fisting movies I think she could make some real moneythen who killed Caylee. dont tell me a ghost killed her.

Dear Mr. Trustee: There is no interest in hearing anymore lies from this baby killer so I doubt you will be able to obtain any monies to pay her creditors and collect your trustee fee. In this woman's case, it is truly too bad that debtors' prison no longer exists.

this story just makes me sick.

are we that sick!

That woman should be rottimg in a jail cell.  Everybody knows she killed her daughter.  It' O.J. all over again.  Now she wants to sell her story.  How she covered up killing her daughter and got away with it.  It's a joke.

I can't imagine what kind of "friends" she has or what kind of person would give her gifts. Ugggh!

She'll be living in the lap of luxury soon.

Her book would be like cocaine. Everyone would have it at one point, but no one would admit it.

Unless she admits that she killed her daughter it would just be a book of lies.

Since she's a pathological liar, it wouldn't have any truth in it anyway. They should just sell Casey, not her story. There are some third world countries that could use some slave labor.I hope she dies!!

Her lawyer thought he would be famous --- he deserves NEVER GETTING PAID

That garbage two leg animal called Case Anthony has life? what life? I think there are brainless rats who can do nothing in their life trying to use worthless people to make their living here in America. Instead why not they come up with something classy and morally good to people of America? Garbage always creates only garbage because they can bring nothing good in their life. Why they have to use that trash who ate her own baby? She is American enemy, she killed damaged millions of children life in killing and covering up her own child. That is cursed life. She is curse of our land. Don't bring her to public eyes please,. because of her, God is punishing America.

Only in America where murder = profit.

Are they gonna use that actor that looks like Obama in the movie?

Here's a guess--she'll entitle it "If I did it"

The only people who would buy it, would burn it.  We know all we want to about this baby killer.

A ho who killed her child and got away with it. The End.

How about the life story of her daughter.  Let's get priorities right.

No thanks won't be buying that.Why not. Those stupid a$$wipe athletes and politicians do it. I hope she makes millions of $$$.

Really??? Someone would pay for her life story? I guess they would, but she deserves not one red cent for publishing a story full of lies to make money over the slaying a little girl. My God, does she have no sorrow or regret? Of course, the book will be full of how wronged she was by everybody in her life, and how she NEVER would hurt a baby etc. etc. etc. Why she wasn't sent away from society for life I will never understand.

$145,660 for the Orange County Sheriff's office for investigative fees .............and $61,505 for the Florida Department of Law Enforcement for court costs. #$%$ I am not saying she didn't do it but found not guilty and now has to pay fees for these departments . The law states that you are not required to pay fines if found not guilty.. Just think If you were accused of a crime you did not commit and when your done you are in debt you could never pay back.

It would be a lie anyway.....

Hey here's a concept. Let her get a JOB!

She could host her own Talk Show called "Dumn #$%$ co-starring Nancy Pelosi and Hilliary Clinton.

IF you buy her books-watch her TV show/movie you are just as guilty as she is.DO NOT PUT MONEY INTO THIS CHILD MURDERERS BANK ACCOUNT! PLZ for Kayles sake.

How many hair colors has Dan Abrams tried? He gets all the tough questions." If a woman murders her child. . .is that wrong???"

Would that include her confession for murder?

She was acquitted.  Why does she need permission?Simple solution....don't buy the book....

NO

She is still 'all about me, me,me' and that poor beautiful baby was left to rot in the swamp a 1/2 mile from her own door step!

What a freaking joke, there is no life story, the whole world knows she got away with murdered, there I just wrote her life story!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Five words...guest star with Ron Jeremy!

Good luck with that.If I wanted to read about this piece of trash,I will wait for my local  library to get a paperback copy.Then I could read it for free;that is as long as I remember to return it before the due date!

What's really sad is some other kook will murder their child, in hopes of fame and a seven-figure reward.

Let her starve.

Baby killer and her lawyers are trying to cash in on a little girl death SHAMEFUL..

a movie about a tramp who kills her kid..ya America needs more movies like that!did anyone NOT see this coming?

I have a "job" I will pay her a few dollars for doing. ;)

Why does this not surprise me at all?

This is wrong. It should not be up to a judge to sell. It should be up to Casey Anthony and no one else.

Jurors fault.

Seems to me she can make LOTS of MONEY if she starts a BABYSITTING service, in her HOME!!!

I hope she isn't allowed to sell this garbage because all it will do is payoff her lawyer. I think both of them will suffer the Karma they've made for themselves.

how is an attempt to make money a plot??

Guess her get out of jail free card wasn't as free as she thought.

Hello...i killed my daughter,and got away with it...The End. There,you just got her story for free...........She should sell all of her vital organs.

if i wanted to listen to lies i would turn on rush limbaugh and fox news

she could always do pornos

Blood money doesn't sell, and that idiot should have learned that from the OJ book. Enough time will never pass, because the public will never forget Caylee.

I honestly dont care... let her write a book. If you dont like her making money off it DONT BUY THE BOOK. But I bet alot of people right here on this site will buy it and whos fault it that?Like it or not she was found NOT GUILTY cause they just did not have enough evidence to prove she murdered her kid.   Which is how the court system is suppose to work.  They should have gone after a lesser charge which they could prove and she would be in jail now...but they didnt...so thats just how it is.

Kill your child, tell your story, claim bankruptcy and make a killing in money to live on....only in the USA....sicko...

How about a confession? What's that worth?

you know what casey.. GET A #$%$ JOB and pay for your debts the way the rest of us have too

If she knew who the murderer was for example,.....she used to knock the little girl out so she could Party...and she Knocked her out TOO much ONE Time!!...... Simple and the Prosecutors were Idiots!

PLEASE America, if this book comes out, DO NOT BUY IT! The lawyers don't need more money and this woman certainly deserves no notoriety for what she did. She needs to fade into shameful obscurity and stay there.It 's a shame EVERYBODY won't band together to not buy it, if it is published........she could'nt open her mouth in court, where it really counted, taking down her dad, her mom, but for money.....she'll open her mouth.... what a scoop of sludge, she is.........

Unless you were there and actually saw her kill her daughter, than you have no right to call her a murderer !!!

there would be no story if Caylee had lived,   let her eat crow and lay in her bed

Wow, that *** really thinks she deserves 'help'...that she 'deserves' to earn money by telling 'THE STORY OF THE CENTURY'...NO frikin way should she be given the opportunity to bale her lying #$%$ out and write a story that will only be a 'story' ...how stoopid does she think people are - we'll all know anything she writes will only be lies upon lies upon lies, and of course, won't implicate her at all (thru her eyes)...she should NOT be given the chance to write ANYTHING,...this is what you get you lying ***, everyone knows you killed your little girl because you are a selfish, lying brat who thinks everyone owes her....maybe this is what the courts had in mind for you after all - to suffer thru the rest of your life not being able to profit by THE STORY OF THE CENTURY, and to keep looking over your shoulder all the time, and to hear people call you horrible names, and see thier faces looking at you in horror for the rest of your uselfess pitiful life...you deserve NOTHING!!! That judge needs to think of this and think of little Caylee's face when he/she makes the decision...I hope you suffer and have to live on the streets, and pander for food, and live in a cardboard box

This idiot had every opportunity to tell the truth in court.  I'm not interested now.  She needs to just stay locked up in whatever hellhole she's in.  It's no less than she deserves.

She had money and she blew it. Let her get a job at McDonalds or Walmart or is that beneath her. I hope they finally end the bull and say no, get a job and do like everyone else.

No no no no and no! Let her be poor.  Let her eat beans and watery oatmeal.  It's more than her daughter can do, and she should never forget it.

Oh sure, her &amp; her lawyers claim she needs to sell her story just to pay the bills, but what will happen is, someone will pay millions for the story and she'll be set for life.The owner of Beaufort Books said, "If she knew who the murderer was for example, that would be huge."If she was actually innocent but knew who the killer was, not telling anyone and waiting to profit off of that information would be as disgusting as if she did it herself.

Listen to everyone talkin' smack up in here, you know if they made a movie telling her side 99% of of you would watch it!

So, what's the proposed title for the book?  "The babysitter took my daughter.  Wait, no she didn't; she drowned in the pool and I don't know HOW her body ended up in the woods with duct tape around her mouth.  Would you believe me if I say my daddy did it?  Just don't ask me why I didn't report the 'drowining' from the very beginning".Leave it to the baby killer to try to pofit off her her death.  I would say it's unbelievable, but not really.By the way, whatever happened to Zenaida Gonzalez (sp?) case?  Did Casey Anthony wiggle her a.z.z. out of that one too?I wonder how someone with no income and almost 1 million of debt ends up oweing $68,000 to the IRS for taxes?  I'd read the book to just get that answer

Unfortunately there are people dumb enough to buy it and help her.   She should never get squat for squat.......efn murdering ........

Kill the #$%$ and stop spending tax payer's money on court case's.

She has lie  a lot, how could anyone trust her to tell the real story.  Why should she get paid for murdering her daughter when she really should be on death row.

She neglected her child and she went missing, She lied to the cops so she wouldn't look like a bad mom, her daughter died.  STORY TOLD  lets all move on, she can get a job stripping she still has a pretty decent body

how about a big NO !!!

The ONLY good thing about this is that the lawyers didn't get paid either.

I'll give her $25 for a #$%$... thats a good way to start getting some of these bills paid.

why would anyone want to buy a pack of lies, nothing ever came out of her mouth remotely like the truth. she ruined her Father's reputation just to try to save herself.  if the whole thing was an accident, then why didn't she just say so to begin with? ALL LIES, I WILL NOT BE A PART OF HER STORY,

Why? Some Christian #$%$ in Topeka Kansas will pay $12.95 for the startling revelation! That's how those Christian #$%$es are! Meanwhile they hate gay people!!I hope everyone here who is spewing such venom at a woman who was found INNOCENT, faces charges at some point that NOBODY believes you're innocent of - even if you are.

It looks as if Jodi Arias is following in her footsteps. They both are killers pretending to be the delicate innocent female.

Just call her the female "OJ".  Let's murder someone and then write a book about our innocence.  Despicable human beings.  Complete sociopaths.  WE ALL KNOW THEY DID IT!!!!!!!  What a joke of a legal system.  You can go to prison for selling pot, but you get off for murder.  Crazy...

What a joke.  She gets away with murdering her daughter.  Now, a trust is going to cash in on this terrible story.  And Casey Anthony will end up wealthy.Unbelievable.  Great system they have down there in Florida.

She needs to get a real job to pay her debt, like all decent people do.

The proceeds of anything she tries to make profit from involving her or Caylee should go to a non-profit org. to help families who have had children abducted or murdered. She shouldn't receive a penny from any of it!!

I didn't watch the one they had about her trail and would not watch this one if made. She is a crazy shellfish girl that I believe killed her daughter and got away with it because of a high priced lawyer. Too bad for the lawyer, he took the case because of the media coverage. She will never work, because she is the most hated women in America. I can not believe she is staying with friends all this time and people are sending her money.

BOYCOTT

Only in America...

I wouldn't even buy a piece of bubble gum from this thing....Boycotting movies, books and ANYTHING that has to do with this thing making money off of her daughters death....Let her go live in the gutter where she belongs. Or better yet..go dig a hole in the forest and bury here there. Make her did her own grave like she dug for her baby!

Dont worry people.. she'll end up in jail sooner or later..

She lives with friends and "strangers" send her money???  Are they people who have a wierd fixation with a child killer?  She CAN work.  If she wants to stay hidden, she can clean businesses after closing time or do laundry over-night or computer work from home.  She has milked this long enough.  Either put her in jail for not paying taxes or make her get a job like the rest of us.  Any story she tells will be lies.  Who wants to buy/read a bunch of fabricated "poor me" stories?  I wouldn't waste my time if it was free.

Hey, it's the American way. Murder your baby, run everyone around on a wild goose chase spending millions of dollars, make a bundle off of the story then sail off in a yacht into "the beautiful life".

I will never buy another product or service from any company that takes part in "telling" us about this murderer- and I hope everyone else in America follows suit and this will send the message we have had enough. shut your frickin mouth. or maybe we should duct tape like like she did to her baby. shameful anyone would consider taking part in this.

I want buy the book or watch the movie!  Pee on this child murderer!

This woman should be composing her life story from death row.

I wouldn't pay a wooden nickel for her BS lies !!! She killed that baby &amp; sure as hell should not profit from it !! Let the lawyers give her a job  !!

This is so wrong. Anyone wanting to make a dime off of this horror story should be ashamed. A little more dignity and respect for the dead and less greed.

Interesting comments on this story. The public, which only knows what it hears in the media, has decided she is guilty and no mere due process acquittal should stand in the way of them demanding that the acquitted be punished anyway. Sounds as if there are a whole lot of people out there that do not believe in the american justice system.  They would much rather see mob rule.This woman should never receive one penny from her story. Ever.

Casey anthony can not get a job. She is the most hated person cause she didn't take responsibilty for caylee, she murdered her then lied repeatedly,  and got away with murder.    That makes me sick!

She should not be permitted to profit in any way from these charges.

If she needs work, the porn industry is hiring.

That's a good looking woman.

Here's my bid - a plugged nickel and here's the story: "I did it".

What idiots are sending her gift cards and money?  Seriously?  There are thousands of children's charities you could be sending the money to in Caylee's name instead of to this worthless excuse for an incubator.

NOBODY should see or buy anything this person will try to sell. It would be a slap in the face; to this little girl, that died in this tragedy.

I wish all this hate passion could be direct at stopping abortion which is nothing but murder and mass murder of children who want to live but can't speak for thereselfs ! Have passion to hate abortion and to put a stop too it now !!!

I hope she burns in HELL....Right along with her....Coverup Dad. She kid her Daughter...Her Dad covered it up. They should be on DEATH ROW. AND HER MOTHER KNEW ABOUT THE KILLING TOO. IN THE SAME LINE AS O.J. SIMPSON. May they all BURN IN HELL!!!!File the bankruptcy FIRST, then say a few years down the line have a "friend" write "your" story and split the money with you.  Or hell, set up a dummy company and write it yourself.  Don't give it to the leech lawyers and cops.

how bout we put her in prison where she belongs and she wont have debt problems??

give oj a call

I'd rather read Hitlers life story!

Sick-Sick-Sick- oh well it takes all kinds. Make the author pay in advance all $$$$ due.

"""BigBlueCrew -----There should be a nationwide ban on the morons who watch this #$%$. If you watch this YOU ARE WHAT IS WRONG WITH AMERICA YOU IDIOT!"""A(GREED)!!!!

BOYCOT THIS WOMAN "LIFE STORY" DON'T BUY IT, &amp; TELL OTHERS DON'T BUY IT.HER STORY IS NOT INTERESTING.

maybe she will kill herself. lots of people would offer her a bullet

Liberals love when murderers profit from their crimes!

un F-n believable that idiots send her gift cards and money. Probably the same idiots that keep voting for obama.She deserves everything she is going thru and more. If she gets to profit from this , shame on not only her but anyone that puts a red cent in her pocket! Its too bad we will never get to read or see her daughters life story !

How can anyone tell her "life" story?  She is still alive!

At least if you knocked her up you wouldn't have to worry about child support. She'd take care of everything.

If there are any sensible publishers and tv producers around the value of "her" story is no more than 10 cents.  If that....

WASTE OF LIFE DESERVES NOTHING .She's aLOSER

i hope she Burns in hell for all Eternity.

she wants to sell her story-we already know it...suffer #$%$. We suffer everyday paying bills and getting thru life. She needs to dig a whole and bury herself.

I believe O.J was going to do an interview for money and at the last minute the net work backed down.. Same will happen to her.. no one will pre pay for a story that will most likely be boycotted.. As for the attorney write of the lose dude... she could have gotten a court appointed attorney......

What happened to the deal that Baez was defending her PER BONO? Why doesn't she get a job and stop living off other people....sleaze ball. Everyone knows she is a murderer and that she isn't remorseful at all. She can play, play, play now. Why does she owe so much income tax if she hasn't worked for years? She should be made to work! and pay for the expense of the Police Dept. because of her LIES. She should never, ever, make a dime off any movie or book deal. That would be like telling a murderer to go ahead and kill someone because they could make a lot of money in a book or movie deal. These people sending her money should let her float on her own and stop supporting a murderer. The proscecution did a good job; the jury just did not understand the judicial process. That is so sad because now an individual that murdered her sweet daughter is walking the street and living off of other people. How sad is that?

There is no story here. She is a murderer and a liar. The end.Just get it over with and do porn instead.

who in the hell would want to readher story it would just be lies anyhow

Stop being idiots people...Casey Anthony is filing for bankruptcy. She is claiming no assets to reimburse her creditors. THE TRUSTEE is suggesting HE sell rights to her story in order to produce capital to pay down her creditors.Stop thinking SHE will profit you ignorant fools.

I wouldnt let her watch my kids but I would definatly take the tuna boat to pound town!

Even if she writes a book who to tell she's telling the truth, she an effing lier.

With so much money problems now, maybe she should just kill herself, SAY that she was murdered, and then the twist will be she just drowned in a pool accidentially. Jose Baez can defend her corpse!  The story will sell for millions!!!!!!

She should be banned for Murder not rewarded and like wise for her SLIMMY Attorneys

if shes getting debt relief through bankruptcy, why does she need money to pay her debt?

You are one o persons who most of the people in this country wish you suffering and hopefully you leave the face of the earth suffering just like the poor little kid..

Go ahead, pig, tell your "story".  Since you have been proven to be a pathological liar, why would anyone believe what you come up with.  You tried to throw your own parents, who were supporting you, under the bus to take blame.  How's Bella Vita treating you now?So when is the hustler Layout coming.. I've been waiting for years now.. Im clearly the odd man out here, but I wish her all the best in her new debt free life.. and on a personal note I will buy the hustler mag when it hits stores..

her life story: had a few drinks, went to some parties, killed daughter, went to court, found innocent, now I'm writing a life storynot much of a book

shoot the B--ch but not with a camera

Any judge who gives this piece of dung the right to peddle HER lies is soooooo wrong -- she was the reason her daughter is dead ---- there is no story here except  JUSTICE WAS NOT SERVED - giving her money gives her a free ride for commiting a horrible crime - her lawyer does not deserve to be paid  - even if  she needs to work 4 jobs to be able to live --- that poor sweet innocent girl is dead because of her and SHE NEEDS TO PAY  and having that kind of indebtedness is what she deserves.

We all knew this was coming.

Most of you are missing the point here... she doesn't want to sell her rights to the story, the creditors do. She is hoping to complete bankruptcy and then sell her story, that way creditors get nothing... get it people???? :)

IronHorse, who ever heard of Baez before this trial?  He got a million dollars or publicity from it.   I agree, he does't deserve any $$ because he went into this knowing she had no money.  Then he hired that battery of lawyers that dressed her in little girls outfits, bought her several boxes of tissues to use at the right moments and sold the jury with a pack of lies.

Since she is "innocent" why does she have to pay court costs and such since they came after her and the jury found her innocent?

OYEAH boycott her lawyers too

The only way Casey can make money is if anyone buys her book or watch her movie.People BOYCOTT any book,TV,movie,co opp. that deals with Casey.Your money is strong.Let them know you will not support any thing about Casey Anthony.Use your voice &amp; money.I won't spend one second supporting anything that gives this wicked woman one red cent! She will get what she deserves and I can't wait to watch her suffer. How dare you take a life because you desire to be "free". Bella Vita. You pathetic waste of oxygen.

Any human being who pays even ONE RED CENT for this despicable baby killer's written lies is just as guilty as her and her sleazy attorneys in desecrating the memory of that poor child she murdered.

I see some of the baconators have spoken. Jealous of Casey you little porkchops? go ahead de-stress yourself, eat a box of dove bars, and get out the high school year book. Glory Days, when a man would want you. At least casey is still firm, even after having a child that is now with jesus. i bet you pigs are already eating the Easter candy. No man will ever want a sow.

As a brunette with a nice body, she should become a prostitute to raise money

I know of a job she can do to pay off her bills, she can be a "Bomb Tester" in Iraq. There, problem solved, next?

Attorneys, the BIGGEST NAZI-GESTAPO worthless useeles bastar [ds] in thee entire planet....

Well on the plus side.....I got nothing

lol, when she first filed she claimed no one was going to make a book deal with her and that she had no plans to do so, now she has a book deal... lol always the liar.

FU child killing #$%$ you and your attorneys will all be in hell see you there

OK, I'll bite this story with my comment. She needs a shrink. I personally will NEVER watch or read a book about her story, it wouldn't be a truthful one anyway, we all know she did it. She had a great Attorney that will now make him more money because he got her off. She needs to get a job and pay off her debts. I can't believe their are people out there sending her money and gift cards when their are so many "good" people out there that need jobs, and badly. I almost became homeless; Husband and I both lost our jobs due to the economy, so we now live with my in-laws. It took me 15 months to get a part-time job, but we still need a job for my husband, another car, and a place to move. But we pray and God is helping us, I'm not complaining, but I wish all the people out there who are hurting really, really bad will get a break and rise up; we can't sell our stories, and our stories would be true, better and would benefit better people. She deserves not one penney. What about her parents? Go home little girl, and let your parents take care of you, at least they didn't kill you. That said, I do feel bad for Casey's parents and brother, not to mention her precious little girl who is no longer with us.She was exonerated, not taking her side but judicial is what it is. Like OJher world will fall apart, in the mean time, shes innocent and deserves this!

What I don't get is why complete strangers are supporting her? If you want to support someone, what about someone who is really in need?

And the answer is ... don't buy the book if it's published.

She means "TELL HER LIES!."  I wouldnt buy a book or watch a movie about this tragic sht.

Go get a job.

who would believe her anyway. She has lied through out! what is the truth? and we know who murdered her daughter anyway. She did. Whats to sell.

The Casey Anthony story has been told. SHE KILLED HER 2 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER AND GOT AWAY WITH IT!!!! End of story!!!  Have her get a job and pay her bills like the rest of us do.

In the end whoever "buys" her story will not make a dollar from me. I could care less.

who would care about seeing her story

wth did this nasty piece do...line them up and blow them??? all she deserves is to starve.Read the headline, that was enough... she can go scrub toilets and floors for $$ and I hope nobody will buy into 'her story'.

Her opportunity to tell her "story" was in the courtroom, under oath.

She knows exactly who the murderer is.Herself.Boycott this person, or download the book from a torrent hosting site and seed it for life.  Make sure she never makes one penny off of killing her own daughter.

Casey Anthony! story will be all lies &amp; no truth just like her story in court How can you believe her lies?

shes facing bankruptcy; she should be facing a firing squad.

This woman is a total narcissist.   She thinks she "deserves" to be free and also thinks that she is a deserves for others to give her money and support her.   She also believes that she is a celebrity and all the idiots that are supporting this BS of a woman should get what they deserve also.   It is unbelievable that there actually are people that would support a murdering trash like this woman.  She was not proven innocent - by no means - she was proven to have good sleazy attorneys and asinine jurors.

This girl needs to be sued until the day she dies. Which is hopefully pretty soon. She should not see one thin dime from the story of her baby. NOT HER STORY. The story of a young child who was mercilessly murderered by her prostitute mother.

I think she should pose for Husler and then go into porn. She looks like she has a killer body.

The only thing she is going to do is LIE, Who wants a fabricated life story?

There's no way I'd want to watch/read/hear about her life story.Whoever pays for that book is an idiot.

Never fear, some sleazebag will buy this. I'd tell the stupid #$%$ to try to go get a jobby job, if she believes she's "innocent" why can't she hold her head up high and go out into society?

Only in America can a sleezeball like this chick make money telling everyone how she killed her baby....Move over Kartrashians, Casey Anthony is comin' to town!

PLEASE no one buy the book or watch the movie!!!

She is SUCH a POS.    Lower than whale #$%$.

Go away and quit thinking you're important.

I know twelve people who would buy any drivel she'd print.  The twelve jurors who let the murderer go free.

Go ahead and write it! No one will ever believe a word you say.And If you do make any money.Every dollar will be stained with the memory and the lies of how you failed your own flesh and blood!

She may have killed her baby But she is not responsible for screwed up American Juidiciary System who auitted her.

More lies. First make her tell how she killed Caylee. Dogs don't lie, people do. The dead kid was in that trunk...She got away with murder..The best thing we could do, and the most respectful for the little girl who died is to ignore Casey. She will have to answer to a high power when the time comes...She should not make any money on the crime she comitted,,,

That poor innocent child, never got to live her life, and no judge should ever let anyone, including her piece of #$%$ mother, make money off of her. R.I.P little Caylee. I will fight for your rights, baby girl.

Her book will be a short one.  Casey killed her daughter.  She got off like OJ.  Case closed. The End.

Ahhh America!!!!

She has declined every opportunity to share her story. Probably because she knows she would be even more hated than she already is.

Nobody !! Not the courts, lawyers, law enforcement, Casey, or the media, should make a stinking dime off this legal travesty and shameful murderous betrayal !!!...... Nuff said !!

Let me break it down for you, the lawyers want their money, so they want us the consumer to purchase her PRODUCT, which in this case is her story of how she murdered her baby and got away with it, NO THANKS--the general public is more intelligent than that and the lawyers can eat ramen noodles for all I care---she's trash and I will welcome her at the texas state line with my pistol :)

We've already heard her story. She got away with murder, that's enough. She doesn't deserve to get rich off of it.

through this whole time, why isnt she trying to find out who did it?

Much her "debt" is attorney fees...they (or he) will do anything to get paid (besides helping a child murderer walk)Why would I, or anyone at that, be interested in reading a book of lies? Her and her defense team didn't tell the truth in court, why would she tell the truth in a book? It would just be full of fiction.....not interested!!!

Maybe "her story" has some business value as her creditors mentionned desperately trying to extort at least something from her...but morally.it's disgusting.. Needless to say everybody heard already HER STORY. and this story is not nice or entertaining..RIP lil Angel Caylee.

she has killer looks

She should rot in hell, clubing while her daughter is missing.

I can't imagine that anyone would want to read her story.  But if someone buys the rights so that she can never profit from it, that would be a good thing.

Let her file bankruptcy like the rest of us.

If she tells her life story, libraries should file it under Historical Fiction instead of Biography.

it will be a work of fiction ,, she hasnt told the truth yet,, i guess her kid up and died and put herself in the trunk of a car and buried herself...

She has yet to PAY for her crime.  Why in the HELL would I PAY to view/read about her life story.  She needs to PAY her "debt" to society....DEATH ROW would be a great "price" to pay for her life!

Her financial future Mr. Lawyer...what about the baby's future...........her daughters future. Let Casey go pole dancing to raise money!!It will never sell,

penny

if this tramp hasn't worked for years how does she owe the irs 68,000 dollars.

"Anthony has never told her side of the story, despite intense media scrutiny of the case."That's a lie. She told her side many times. She kept changing her story until one stuck. The one that stuck was the one that got her acquitted. Remember that one, about her daughter drowing in the pool and her father helping her dispose f the body?

looking at the list of creditors who gives a #$%$ if they get paid or not. dont let her sell it....

It's america...she should have the right to earn money any legal way she can...as horrible as #$%$.

I would watch a story based on her life....if it ended with her either in prison for the rest of her life or on the side of the road dead.  Other than that I have no interest in this P.O.S.  she deserves the worst kind of punishment for killing her daughter.

"Knock knock", "Who's there?", nobody.

I hope she spends everyday of her miserable life broke and hungry

"Kampmann said enough time has passed since Anthony's trial that her story could be marketable."Take the amount time that has passed and multiply it by about 50 and maybe then you could make that statement.Can you imagine if she held a book signing......

She is one big pile of mess!

NO money should be made whatsoever! Not even to pay back greedy credit card companies and the like.NO, I am not on her side either. No loving mother who supposedly suffered such a loss would even dream of selling it!The bankruptcy trustee should have their head examined!

Will some lunatic just step up for the world and get rid of this girl.

I wonder if she's on FDA approved drugs as well...

Unless she confesses I can't see how it would be anything but a work of fiction so no thanks.

Looks like Karma came back to bite you after all, isn't that right Casey? And I bet it's only the beginning.

Here's a crazy idea...she should get a job and work to pay her debts, not sit on her backside and recite her "story" to some ghost writer.  If she had something wise to say, that would be one thing, but I don't think society needs to be supporting a whining princess (in her own mind) for a single second more.  She killed her child, either by intent or irresponsibility (not a strong enough word, but I'm not sure what you call it when you duct tape your child's mouth shut) and shouldn't make one cent off that.

I'm surprised she hasn't posed for Playboy first and then moved on to movies.  She couldn't work a real job but on her back she would be a hit.

Lets see she’s born, raised a spoiled brat, has an illgit. child, hates her,has a boob job,kills child, 12 ignorant jurors set her free to do it again. end of storywell, the ho has to support herself - no welfare!

What a sad sad world.

Can't wait to see this. As soon as I finish reading the Yellow Pages and 1951 Tax Code.

It's bankruptcy court meaning that whether you buy her book it doesn't matter.  She is seeking relief from debt and they are trying to sell assets to cover her costs.  Unless there is extra from the sale it doesn't go to her anyway.  So basically the story needs to go for more than a million for her to see any of it.  The rest goes to her debtors.  Yahoo needs to have an education requirement on posts so some of you don't post foolish nonsense.  More than likely the public will actually benefit as the IRS and Florida police will get their money so being a taxpayer it is in your best interest that she sell this to cover her debts.

Nice hat. Is she the wicked witch of the west?

Now she wants crime to pay.  Get a job and pay idiot.

Funny how in all her "misery" she never talks about how hard it is for her to live knowing that "someone" out there who murdered her child is still on the loose.

Jose Baez is a worthless piece of #$%$ also.  Some unknown obscure lawyer who got lucky and put on the Casey Anthony case....screwed it up miserably and luckily stumbled on a Jury that was as inept as he was...and got her acquitted. Now Baez prances around with a "look at me" attitude.  He's almost as guilty as Anthony for getting her off.....the Jurors should hang their heads in shame for acquitting this murderer.

Nothing is surprising for this horrible, terrible, disgusting waste of a human. She needs to be eliminated from this earth. Where's a nut with an AK and a 50 round magazine when you need one? There wouldn't be any arrest, trial or conviction if someone got to her. It would save the taxpayer money.

The trustee will get kickbacksHow in the heck she could get a 68k IRS bill,and she had to pay being investigation and court costs?

I assume anything she writes will be sold in the fiction section.

she deserves to DIE !!! &amp; nothing else

Is ANYONE surprised this is happening?

I not only won't buy her book..I won't frequent any business that has it on their book shelves.  I won't spend a dime to further this piece of trash.

Hustler magazine can help Her earn some money!

i would never buy or watch anything having to do with her or her so called story.

Force her into Porn

If she needs money that bad there's a street corner in Austin she can work. If she's willing to sell her soul then she's willing to sell her #^&amp;@!!!

The bottom line is the dirty #$%$ lawyers was looking ahead to this all alongI agree with the title, "...ploy to get money" that is all this is and I am not buying.

Give it up. This woman was found not guilty by a jury of her peers. All any of us know is what the media has fed us. The system worked, maybe not to the satisfaction of many but, never the less it worked !!! We may not have the world's perfect system, but it's head and shoulders over whom ever comes in second.

Someone has to be a fool to EVER buy her book (if published) This THING (casey) Should never profit over her innocent daughter  she killed and left in the truck (while she danced and drank with her friends.. Then she tossed her in a shallow grave for the animals to get her.. Shes got blood all over her and should NEVER profit over poor Caylee's murder.. Shame on her for trying to make money on her death...Guess it wasn't enough for her to get by with murder.. Now she wants her daughter to support her... Disgusting to every degree..

She was found not guilty so she has a right to sell her story

About 90% of the people on here complaining she should not be allowed to sell her story, would be the 1st ones in line to buy it.

It would be ALL LIES.

Also, LIFE STORY!?? The only thing this creep has lived is her trashy life of making her parents regret not tying her into a paper bag early on (of course, they could have drowned her then acted like she disappeared) and killing her daughter.  What life story?

There's always the pole.

Anyone who gives this murdering witch a dime is as guilty as she is for killing her daughter..

"I killed my daughter and got away with it." The End.Thank goodness the keyboard warriors on the Jury of Public Opinion are here to set the record straight

First half of the movie, Casey gets drunk and screws man after man, has a baby, kills it and has her dad discard of the body, gets off scott free goes bankrupt because she can't go out in public because everyone knows she did it and no one in their right mind would hire her. Kinda of a boring movie really. Now if it ended in her being murdered SAW style it might have a shot!

Like anything CLOSE to the truth by anyone connected to Casey Anthony will ever be believed!!  Any words from the mouth of Casey Anthony, directly or indirectly, will always be suspect and no doubt the reader will be left with more questions than answers.  Casey Anthony is in debt?  Too f*cking bad -- let her get a job like the rest of us and stop leeching off the taxpayers.

So, we the people are supposed to endorse her book and help pay for her legal fees???!!! This is ludicrous! She could have easily got on the stand and told the TRUTH if she was innocent! Only the guilty remain quiet. This is another O.J. get away with murder and I would never buy anything related to this murderous girl!

Her life story is worth maybe $5; now her photo rights to penthouse might be worth $25.

Let's see now, who wins big...oh the #$%$ sucking lawyers...that's who...as always

Good thing that she only had the one little girl to kill!

we already know the real story of what happened to caylee anthony and who killed her...we don't need to see the story or read the book. her mom, crazy anthony, drugged her with xanax, taped up her head to smother her, put a heart shaped sticker on her mouth, put her in the car trunk for a few days in the florida summer sun, she got too stinky so then she dug up a place in the back yard under her play house and left her there a few days until she dug her up and took her out to the swampy rain saturated thicket and left the poor little thing there to finish deteriorating while she was out partying and screwing everybody in town for the next few months while people were out looking for her after 30 days already being dead. lets not forget the new tatt "bella vita" or the fact that she was out renting movies with one of her johns the same night that she killed her daughter, oh yeh and the 3 or 400$ spent on clothes and groceries at target with her girlfriends checkbook, yet nothing for caylee. then blaming her dad, zanny the nanny and a host of others......there you go folks, i told the story, now you don't need to buy the book or watch the movie b/c this is the truth, nothing but the truth, so help me god..................................r.i.p. little caylee

It was just a matter of time.

Casey's "side" of the story:  I killed my daughter and got away with it.If she really didn't kill her child, then why isn't she looking for who did?

Why in the hell should she owe court costs since she was found innocent.

A negligent mother wants to make money... bragging about her negligence???  Is that the story to be sold???

if I were rich I'd buy her ''story'' &amp; burn it on live TV &amp; that would be the end of it.

I almost hope someone buys the rights and then refuses to publish a story. It would drive this attention loving monster crazy to have a gag put on her.

I'd Never wanna read,see anything more about this woman

killed her kid or not she still put the body in the woods and went partying while animals ate on it . in my opinion she should spend the rest of her life in jail for that alone unfortunately i dont write the laws

Anything for a buck,the GOP way

I would buy a video of someone putting her to death Id say it would sell quite well. Maybe a video of someone beating her to death would be even better.

She can sum it all up, in a one-page leaflet!!!She wakes up.......parties.......kills her kid........goes to the club/parties more.....then calls it a day!!!!!I sure would not want to be sitting in that movie theater!Looks like this Bit$% is getting ready for the blood red carpet.

What story, the one where she's a liar, and murderer of her own child? No one should profit from this, number one, her.

Who would ever believe her story? Yahoo writer, if she knew who killed her baby why would she hide it this long.

The movie titles "Liar Liar" and "American Psycho" are already taken.

For some reason I thought a judge told her she could not do anything to try to make money off what happened to her poor little girl... Guess I am missing something...

she may have been found not guilty but she is paying a very high price walking the streets.  that is vindication until she meets her maker ... then the real fun begins!

Either she or a member of her family killed that little girl. The defense played it pretty good, they blamed different members of the family to create doubt. If it was an accident, why not just say that?  How could you be so stupid to go through all that and not admit that it was an accident?  Strange family.

Ooooh. I'd like to see her naked.

$145,660 for the Orange County Sheriff's office for investigative fees and costs; and $61,505 for the Florida Department of Law Enforcement for court costs.The fact they're making her pay for the cost of their attempted railroading of her is absolutely disgusting.

Who would want to read it?Here again... Kill your kid... become a millionaire... Wow .... such Christians...

How has no one murdered this child killer? Now she wants to make money off the daughter she murdered? Please, if there is a God, do what should be done, erase her and send her to her rightful place, HELL!

oh yep..that's the book..I will never buy...

IS SHE GOING TO TELL SHE KILLED HER BABY

Why is the sheriff's office billing her for investigative fees and costs when she wasn't found guilty? She didn't request the service of being investigated. If the state brings charges against you and fails to convict, they should have to pay what it costs to defend yourself. Too many innocent people are left in financial ruin from situations like this.

No one should be allowed to profit from crimes they have perpetrated.

Wow not a sentiment on Im still wailing over my daughter, I rather be dead then alive! NO none of that instead, let me tell my story and get more attention and money of course!

I suggest that she says her debt to society first rather than her lawyer's.

$5 for a hummer?

It would have to be sold as a work of fiction because God and country know she cannot tell the truth.TRASH

Did they say they are interested in shooting a movie or shooting her while moving?........ Somebody shoot the #$%$

There seem to be a lot of idiots who think she's hot. Let her turn tricks to earn her keep.

Why does the media even give her any attention!

Please don't let this sociopath publish a book of lies and make millions!!

Oh no, the couch potato slobs are going to come out and convict her again even though they did not sit in court.  Losers.

cant say we didn't see it coming. Sociopath narcissists who get their rocks off from being in the media spotlight really don't like having to live like a hermit.. She wants that feeling back.. It as close as she has come to celebrity.. and if it pays the bills too... BONUS!Sadly..if the judge allows it.. she'll probably make a fortune.. In this day and age there are always people who will suck up filth.

We know her story! She killed her little girl and got away with it.. Am I judging, damn right!If she pregnant God are whoever protect that kid. Because her parents won't..they lied as well

please, please, do not buy anything this person puts out!

Her side of the story," I did it and you can't touch me".I know that I am stepping into the fire here but, I really have to ask, since she was NOT CONVICTED of murder because the state FAILED to prove it's case, why is it that America cannot accept that?

No one would watch it

This is going down a slippery slope.  Next they will want to sell her body.

I ain't buying it. They need to take a poll on who would before they publish it. Save themselves a lot of money, I bet.

Who really cares about this POS anyway LOL

How to Make Millions Off Mudering Your Little Girl...seems like an appropriate title!

McDonald's is hiring...if not there, I see a stripper pole coming her way

She should do porn.

I don't usually click on any articles with Casey Anthony ( or her p.i.z.z. ant attorneys) in the headlines.  But, I just had to see how she (and her attorneys) were trying to profit off that innocent child's death.I followed Caylee's disappearance very closely (via the news, t.v. and internet).  I also followed the entire trial and was ANGRY AS HELL when this witch got off scott free.  That bothered me for a LONG TIME and I promised never to follow another trial or the events leading up to it again.  I haven't and I don't plan too, because I STILL BELIEVE SHE GOT AWAY WITH MURDER.She, nor her lawyers or her debtors won't profit off a dime from me, that's for sure.

The jury heard all the evidence and found her not guilty.  I personally would like to hear her side of it rather than that shrew Nancy Grace's version.Didn't she have a chance to tell her side if story in court, it was there for her to tell. But she told a bunch of lies first, the story will nothing but lies. She could go to Vegas and give #$%$ for $5 each and maybe grope her boobs for a $1.

Why doesn't she just endorse duct tape? I mean everyone knows she did it. Quit having kids!!!

Why does she owe the state anything,she was acquitted? Sounds like the state is making a revenue grab.

Of course no one would want to buy a book that glories killing children yet this little bundle of light and joy has been on the best seller's list for quite sometime:"Anyone who is captured will be run through with a sword.  Their little children will be dashed to death right before their eyes.  Their homes will be sacked and their wives raped by the attacking hordes.  For I will stir up the Medes against Babylon, and no amount of silver or gold will buy them off.  The attacking armies will shoot down the young people with arrows.  They will have no mercy on helpless babies and will show no compassion for the children."  (Isaiah 13:15-18 NLT)Then again Casey and the child shouldn't have been allowed to live in the first place according to the bible passage:"But if this charge is true (that she wasn't a virgin on her wedding night), and evidence of the girls virginity is not found, they shall bring the girl to the entrance of her fathers house and there her townsman shall stone her to death, because she committed a crime against Israel by her unchasteness in her father's house.  Thus shall you purge the evil from your midst".  (Deuteronomy  22:20-21 NAB)

Couldn't take care of her own child,she's deserve's all the problem's she has PLUS!

this piece of #$%$ on our shoes needs to be hung in public!!

o j simpson can be the ghost writer for her.

NO WAY should she be allowed to profit from this.  To bad she's in debt over her head.  She can scrub floors the rest of her life to pay for it.

Please Casey, just kill yourself. You can solve you debt that way also. You don't want to work. You just want to mooch off the few friends you have left. You murdered your only child so that you could continue to spread your legs and get wasted. Your life is worthless. Just end it and do this world a favor.

Is her "life story" going to be a tale full of more of her outrageous fiction? I would question just how profitable a work such as that would actually be.Those that shun this woman are likely to be the same people that think that abortingtheirr own children as they thrive in their mom's womb is a woman's right.  Hypocritesand sharlatans.

So much hate in these popst wonder how these people sleep at night w/such a negative out look on other people they only know thru theslime slinging media ."" judge not lest ye be judged""

Attention Americans ,please BOYCOTT any BOOKS ,Paper of any sort ,CD's DVD's anythong that has anything to do with Casey Anthony ,  she MURDERED her Daughter ,for the respect for her daughter,  do not support this cause, let Casey Anthony fade out till she dies ,why should she profit from MURDERING her Daughter

I would rather read her death story.  This B*tch doesn't deserve to live.

Worthless sack of $##T!!!!!!!!!!

Won't be spending any money on that piece of trash.

anthony is 26...she doesnt have a life story. she is just a mother who killed her daughter....let her #$%$ work off her entire life to pay her debts. That much, at the very least is something she deserves.

I'll give her 5 bucks for a lap dance..Maybe 6...

I wouldnt read or watch her lies. Just for that little angel, I refuse.

One word:     PORNWe have all read it, 'If I did it', we know you did it Casey, end of story....

I hope EVERYONE here who keeps posting about how SURE they are about her guilt faces murder charges at some point in their lives.  Then they'll know what it's like to be 'tried by the media' even AFTER being found NOT guilty!

yes the pres obummer way= reward the wasted masses who do not produce anything for society- shes a perfect example of obummer care

I like to think of myself as a forgiving person....however....for this gal to profit on a story...that would most likely be lies based on tons of previously proven lies.... would be a travesty of everything most of us hold dear.   I think she should be in jail for the rest of her life...if for nothing more than intentional child abuse and gross negligence...(but probably for murder....).She is a terribly lucky little girl to be free...and never able to be tried again....so naw....If I had the power....she wouldn't be able to write her story for profit.

Was a hoe, had a baby, wanted to be a hoe again, killed baby, became a hoe again, got arrested, charged with murder, acquitted of murder, back being a hoe. Anything I missed?

Don't care what she did, the system found her innocent and that is good enough for me.Now, I'd love to do her, she is hot...

WHY IS THIS EVIL B!TCH STILL BREATHING?

She killed her child and wants to profit from it??????  She's F***KED up!!!!!  Then again, so are the would-be buyers of her book.

Title of story: BABY KILLER.  Title of all chapters in the story: BABY KILLER.  Author: BABY KILLER.

This woman needs to be buried financially, mentally, emotionally, physically...,just like her poor baby she killedShe should be tortured in public......low life piece of #$%$!

Who wants to read a book that will be nothing but lies anyway?

The publisher wanting to do her book also worked with OJ Simpson on his book..... And didn't he publish a second book confessing to the crime? That is my understanding.... She should not get a cent to this book. Period! I cannot believe people these days so greedy to make a buck and give someone all this money, when they were and are in my book guilty! Hate my opinion. I don't care.... I think this type of thing should be against the law.... I don't care if you wern't found guilty. You wanna write a book fine, but in no way should you make profit from it!

She can't work.  She has to pay these bills and pay all these other people that want their slice of the Casey Anthony Saga . . .  You might as well let her write and release the book!  Even the people in here throwing fits, insults and hate want to read it!  You know you do!  I do.I don't like her, but I have to admit seeing her recently, she still looked good for somebody who just had a total life change and tons of stress.

She should make a #$%$ porn video. Might make $20.

Who in their right would like to know her story of lies,lies,and more lies. May she fry in hell for she can never wash her hands of.

Stop over my house saturday &amp; you can make some money the old fasioned way!

Lets face it the book would sell millions because their are that many fools who will buy it. She will also get lots of offers from magazines, etc., etc. Unfortunately this is a sick world full of lots &amp; lots of sick people.

I would never read or watch anything about this person, who killed her daughter and got away with it.  She better keep hiding, somebody will take care of her.  Be afraid Casey, be very afraid.

she is a beautiful woman...i would love to spend a night of carnal passions and desires with her and pound her until the sun comes up.See what I mean about lawyers, they are bottom feeders of the earth, they are lower then whale dung. She isn't worth anything, she shouldn't get a dime. She had no remorse, guilt, over her own daughter. But I am sure there are idiots that will buy the book. That is really sad, .She  lied through out the trial and you think selling her book will make it all better.

If he wants to spend his money on a story full of lie he is going to be the loser.  Her whole life is on big lie, and if this moron thinks he is going to get the truth from her GUESS AGAIN.  Nothing is going to change public opinion

We all knew she'd try to profit from her daughter's death eventually...

why do some deaths take the spot light and some you never hear about!

This b*itch needs to be sitting on death row in a Florida prison, not trying to get money from killing her daughter.

How about a Webcast of your suicide.  I'd pay to see it.

i will NEVER and I mean NEVER watch anything that has to do with that low life TRAMP of a murderer.....Shame on her and anyone who promotes her bullcrap !

"Anthony said she was unemployed and hasn't received any money to tell her story."Why the hell would you think you deserve any money to tell your story? I think most people in her situation would just love to be able to explain their side money or no money. What a pig...

What makes her think that she can raise money on a movie about her life story?  I'll never support her in anything she does.  Casey Anthony got away with her kids murder, and what a disgrace she is to humanity since she did that.

I guess it does not pay to kill your kid.Casey Anthony's  story is told every time someone flushes a toilet.

Awww. GET A JOB!

Murder and money...both start with "M"

Why would anyone pay money to read her "story"???She belongs in jail and so does the jury that let her go free. I hope the jury rot in hell with her. People who don't take jury duty seriously enough to convict a cold hearted murderer, deserve the same sentence. That baby did not get justice. And who are these idiots who are sending her cash and gift cards???

how nasty making money off the child she killed, where is GOD in all this why is he letting this women survive? what is the pupose for her life?

you'd think this evil b!tch would want to completely disappear from the public eye...

I'm not even thinking of buying her book till they give her a lie detector test and show the proof! Why spend the money to get a murderer off if she is guilty not me!

Have they ever even taken a lie detector on this beotch?

i dont understand, if she was found not guilty she still has to pay court costs???

Who would believe a word that was in it?Anyone who send this woman cash is STUPID! honestly people she killed her daughter let her suffer!

Is Bernie Madoff next in line to write a book too?

And some Amish people just got 15 years for cutting off some dudes beard!!!!!!......#$%$ THIS SYSTEM!!!!

Who paid for that outfit?  Broke is broke. No hat, scarf, sunglasses.  Looks like her hair is also coloured.  And we already know what she got away with.

Of course she knows who the murderer is, dummy!!!

Still don't know how that jury sleeps at night...

What a piece of #$%$!

I wouldn't believe anything that came out of that monster's mouth. Seems like karma is biting you in the #$%$ isn't it missy. I don't know who she thinks is going to buy her "SIDE OF THE STORY". The story I would like to hear is Kaylie's as to what all her mom did to her, but I guess we will never hear that one. I think she is #$%$ of the earth and need to crawl back down into her hole and never resurface again. So what if she is out of money. Maybe some of her supporters, her friends who have been giving her money and gift cards, should foot the bill. I cant believe she has ppl who support her.

Even if her parents wrote the book I wouldn't buy it.

You mean, that woman is still alive??...I thought for sure someone would have done took her child murdering butt out... Her story was told in court, and it changed about 15 different times. I would never buy her book to help pay her bills.Worthless piece of #$%$. I hope she has horrifying nightmares and the rest of her life is a living hell. BABY MURDERER!

her side of the story?  A liar and a killer has a "side?"   if she does a book, do not buy it...keep her penniless...she is above workign at mcdonalds you know...

Man, forget selling her story. Put that b!t.ch  on the track! Be a shame to waste those big ol' *#$%$

We heard her side; lies and more lies.  I hope no one buys this trash if it is published!

She probably has trouble getting a job after that incident...

Anyone who buys her story should burn in hell for all eternity. Unforunateley someone will.

26 year old with no job, education, nor income. Loser! No one buy anything this sorry excuse for a woman every puts out, do not give her an easy way to make money!!! Work hard like the rest of us!!!!!!

I thought she was living in jail, and then 1 story said that she was living with the parents again...

I'm hoping that whoever buys the rights to her life story goes bankrupt because no one buys the book.

Who in the hell would want to pay to read that trash???  In my opinion they are going to waste a lot of paper and ink for nothing!She can do something that would make tons of money. You know those kissing booths you see at the fair. Imagine a punching both. $100 a punch! She would have enough money to pay off the national debt. You know this is a great idea.

This woman has spewed lie after lie. Who in their right mind would PAY to hear/read this garbage? She HAD the chance to tell the true story. If you want to be entertained, spend your money on a book by a real author. Let someone who deserves your money earn it!

Do we really need another cheap, trashy novel with an unhappy ending

I don't remember people BANNING Michael Jacksons music or refusing to listen to it when he got away with child molestation. Michael himself said "There is nothing wrong with sharing your bed with small children" (of course they were all 12 year old boys) and he STILL got off. There was more evidence he did his crime then there was Casey killing Caylee.

How can she be bankrupt if she never worked???  Her legal counsel knew from the beginning that she had no money. Didn't her parents pay some six figures?  Didn't someone sell pictures of her child to pay legal bills? How much do those greedy bottom feeders want?

I always enjoy a good fiction.

Wow.all that money she owes. I would committ suicide.The only way for her to pay her debt.is to admit the truth and go to prison for the rest of her life. she is in misery now,what makes her think her life will get any better? And, i totally see how upset all of you people are about this story.As, ArmyMedic_4u said,The bottom line here is that the lawyers want to get paid as well as the court's, the detectives, the list goes on.Karma is getting to Casey,and, she will breakdown soon she knows she is guilty and got away with it.She, is staying with friends, and family are sending her gift card money? Really? This is sick..and just plain wrong.She needs to suffer as her child did...

I would pay to watch her fight a starving grizzly. Thats the only way I would watch anything with her or her story.

The commenters in this article apparently believe the legal system in America is unjust. She was acquitted you know!!!

"If she knew who the murderer was, for example, that would be huge." Of course she knows who the murderer is, it's her.  If she got paid to tell her life story, she wouldn't tell the truth anyway.  All she has ever done is lie, why get paid for that?If they sold the rights to her life story, I certainly would not watch a movie or read a book about this woman's story.  I still believe she killed her daughter!  I say no to selling the rights!

i think shes guilty and now shes getting paid for it! move over OJ.

I think she wants to make sure she has the life that she wanted to have when she murderd her daughter.  Owing all the money to the dirtbags that defended her and allow a child murderer to go free should be taken from her every way possible with the exception of her profiting further from what she did to that little girl.

God bless Little Caylee, if any movie is made it should be about her....

Who bought her the clothes she's weaing and the hat she's carrying in the photo? Those don't look like cheap duds to me. People never cease to amaze me.

Born, had baby, killed baby. That's her story.

"If she knew who the murderer was for example"  - well of course she knows who the murderer is - but she isn't likely to identify her, now is she?

You would have to strap me in the death chair to get me to watch or read anything about this disgusting murderer.  That she was acquitted by a bunch of dozers in FL is nothing new.  I bet they would have liked to have had another vote if they knew all the evidence against her that was excluded from the trial.  In a few years she will be back in trouble again.  Pathetic people like her are bound to head in one direction....Towards Hell.

I thought she already stated to the courts that she was not gonna sell her story, now she wants too?

that #$%$ should be put to deathTry getting a job! This broad has lied, stolen and killed her own child. She should be in prison. This has got to be the biggest joke ever! Who gives a damn about her life? How about justice for Caylee?

Who would believe a word of it?  Not me that's for sure.  I wouldn't read it for free and I hope the general public feels as I do.  Let's not make HER rich while the daughter she neglected for 31 days rots in the ground.

what? the story she told the police was a lie?

Do a porn with Octamom because that's all your worth.

Let the jurors who let her off support her. She could clean their houses and babysit for them. They had such compassion for her, let them hire her.

it is sad to think anyone would want to see her life story the only story i want to see from her is hanging in the swamps as gator bait

Gotta love some people.  Innocent until proven guilty, or until the press decides you're guilty, and then the public decides you're guilty, at which time, no court ruling will ever matter.

Casey, there is only one way to sort of clear yourself and that's a small way, but tell the truth and don't get payed for it! Go on the news channel and tell your story. You will get payed something. Be a real woman and if you love Caylee, then forget about becoming rich.

The problem is, she will get money and plenty of it, if people buy her story. The only story I know, is that she partied while her little girl layed in a field of insects. There is no reason to believe anything she says!

She should just go and die.I would pay to hear the story of her sterilization.

She was found innocent by the court so let her live her live and if she is guilty she will have to live with that too. She will have to face a higher court someday.

I'm not giving her or her lawyers, shit1! And if the judge allows it, he must be getting money too. Fack, the state of Florida!

What I don't understand is the IRS tax liability; to owe that much as a 26 year old working mostly minimum wage jobs is odd. Not knowing if the IRS debt of $68,540 was for a single year or combined years makes my assumption dodgy, but I assume this debt came from either significant debts being charged off or she gained significant income via donations or through her lawyers; either way, she shouldn't be allowed to file for bankruptcy. Whether or not she did it, she made idiotic choices and needs to be held responsible. She was happy enough to let her lawyers slander her own family to get her acquitted, and now she wants this debt discharged. Sorry, but age and ignorance doesn't get you a get out of jail free card.

SHE NEEDS TO SUFFER THE WAY HER DAUGHTER SUFFERED

What a P. O. S.!

And will there be a lie detector test involved, and some really good fact checking?What normal parent would want to make money off the death of their child?

She needs to get a job and not focus on profiting off of her daughters death.

Why would any normal person want to read her story. We know that there wouldn't be any truth in it. No wonder that this sick witch had 5 attorneys with her at her bankruptcy hearing. The vultures are still hanging on hoping to make some big bucks off of her. I don't think that any book written about her would be worth the amount of money to pay for the paper and that is for one copy.

Enough time has passed for her story to be marketable?--anyone who buys that doesn't have a heart.  Everytime this woman's name crops up, especially with dollar signs, it's another slap in the face to justice and Caylee.  She needs to burn in he!!Do not grant this person anything..She has been granted too much already..I don't want to hear more lies and the public nor her family deserves to know anymore about her, what she thinks, her side of the story..Give us all a break and keep her and her stories away from us.

Well if she writes a book someone should copy it put it online for everyone to view for free and if the threat is there perhaps no company will give her an advance to publish.  Reminds me of O.J. and Casey hopefully will have her story end just like his

"Poor" Casey she's suffering so.  I hope she rots in hell for killing that precious little girl. Caylee would be turning eight years old this year I think. If she didn't want that baby, I would have adopted her.

guilty...  cough*

SHE MURDERED HER CHILD IT'S SO OBVIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

If it comes to fruition, I hope not a single soul buys this book. Pathetic.

She's such a liar anyway. Who would believe her!!!! I wouldn't watch it!!  The tragity is that beautiful baby girl was born to some one who didn't deserve her.

I'll give them $9 bucks for the story.

She makes me sick!  I knew it would come to this. She writes a book and makes big money. Then she will be on all the talk shows and people will feel sorry for her. Any money she makes, should go to any one but her.

so she is unemployed... not working.... I hear the porn industry is looking for a new face.... and I hear the pay is great!!!!   before you know it.. you'll be debt free!!!I am not spending a cent on her, she can write as many books as she wants but I will not help her get rich for murdering her daughter.

You dont think there would be outrage if this ever was published? She killed her daughter and got away with it.

Absolutely disgusting!!! and the worst part is that there are hundreds of thousands of people out there that would buy it and support her. Disturbing how society glorifies such tragedy.

"Casey Anthony, center...."  Ya think?  I thought she was one of the 6 men in the picture.

This is one case that I will NEVER forget, I was visiting my brother well he was away at school and his apartment was no more than 2 blocks away from where little Caylee's body was found. I was visiting the weekend she was found, and to make it even worse that swampy area ran right through his back-yard.  There is no need to hear ANYMORE from Casey Anthony...  I've heard enough and think (as well as most of you) she got away with murder because her soical life and partying were MORE important then her daughter.

P.O.S. white trash !

I'm sorry but she needs to get a regular job like everyone else to pay her debt. I wouldn't buy her book much less watch or buy a movie. What she did is wrong. We all know she killed her daughter. There is something wrong with that women.

Anything written about this woman would go in the fiction section.  She doesn`t know how to tell the truth.

A story of how she murdered her child and got away with it due to our dysfunctional, incompetent , useless Justice system may make her some money ?

She should make a porn flick. Nice rack!I think what I find most disturbing is the fact that she can cash into her notoriety and sell a story for seven figures, but decent hardworking people are supposed to work at any job they can get to pay their debts. It just seems to be yet another example of this woman's narcissism and false sense of entitlement. Perhaps even more disturbing is the fact that someone would actually read or watch her story. I could care less what this pathological liar has to say.

I say no the judge should of made this decision that it was forbiden to make this movie or to sell books the judge could of ruled this an he knew it

Murder your own child then profit from it. There is something wrong with anyone who thinks this is a good idea.

How to kill your child, get family to lie for you and get away with it,   will be the name of her book.

Please people boycott this book. She don't deserve to profit on that baby's death.

this little innocent child deserves more thaan her so called mother telling HER story to relieve her of debt..................... here's a thought, let's begin a 'DON'T MAKE MONEY OFF OF ME' fund for her daughter and once we hit the 7 potential numbers that is expected to be made from what is being collected, let's purchase the rights and lock them away and release a statement that will will financially ruin anyone or anything that tries to get this story..... this woman is not worthy of anything... she never gave her daughter a chance therefore she deserves ZILCH.......

"If she knew who the murderer was for example, that would be huge. That would be the biggest news story of the year." said  the owner of Beaufort Books.  Is there ANYONE (other than Kampman and the jurors) who is dense enough to think she is truly innocent? If she wants to raise money, let her babysit for her lawyer's and jury's kids.

I love to read but that's one book I won't be buying.

Nobody gives a s**t about her life story. Sounds like another pet project of lawyers!!

Here's 5 bucks if you'll make it go away.She didn't want to grow up and liked to party. She killed her kid since the little girl was an inconvenience. End of story.

Dear Yahoo: stop publishing any type of story related to this murderer.

YOU HAVE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME!

Stupid stupid stupid!! I mean I know for a fact some people will buy it just to "see" what she really has to say but cmon now, her daughter was murdered and yall going to support that? Stupid stupid stupid!! A smart individual wouldn't waste time with her BS story. She will remain a criminal in my eyes for the rest of my life and her life. She aint getting two cents from me! I'd read the book just to laugh at it if its in a book store or something but no I will not buy it. Peace out!

look at all the d i r t b a g lawyers still buzzing around little Caylee's corpse. puke.

WAH!!! I don't know that she is guilty but I have a hard time feeling sorry for her...

Like the truth is ever going to come out of her.  Take everyones' money with just another pack of lies.  Will never buy it

Long answer shortened?No thanks ... We're all full on crazy

Typical Florida party girl, "life's like sooo unfair!  how am i supposed to get a #$%$ on and snort oxycodone with this damn kid", "whew got away with murder, now I just need someone to baby me and buy my drugs".

Anyone who buys a book or pays to see a movie about this monster has basically paid for her defense and cover-up.  You should be proud and i'm sure little Caylee is in heaven thanking you.Should not be able to profit on the death of her child

It's expensive to murder someone. I guess she didn't think about all that when she killed her daughter.

Child Murderer we will never forget. And i will never watch or read anything from her EVERrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.....

Her debts are mostly legal fees for her criminal defense.  Don't let the lawyers profit from the media circus that they helped create and foster.  Judge, just say NO!

any money made should be donated to some non profit victims agency

OMG..I wish her and her Lawyers BURN int HELLS..

This is sick.  There should be a law passed that prevents anyone from financial gain of any kind based on a child's murder.  So she gets to murder her precious baby AND get rich telling the gross media/entertainment outlets her story?

hold up!.. Leaving the Courthouse with U.S. Marshalls!?!?.. Seriously !?!?. Are taxpayers still footing the bill on this piece o #$%$!!

I will never buy a book of lies.

I don't agree with giving this woman money for her life story. What about her dead daughter? As a mother I wouldn't buy her story.heres my thoughts, her dad had her perform oral sex as her lawyer said , at age 8 or so....she became so screwed up from that, as i would hope one can imagine...her father , george, is guilty of the crime.      this is the last thing this cheating, fake sucidal, nut case wants, her to put it all out there....mom, brother, very, very dysfunctional.....im just sayn

BOYCOTT ANY MOVIE OR BOOK ABOUT THIS MURDERER~!

Can't he make her pay her debts and give the money to missing children's network?  Just so she makes no $$ who cares, no one cared enough to find her guilty and 12 people had the chance.

You have to be KIDDING ME!? People are sending her cards and MONEY that helps her to live?? I can't believe it or even stand to hear that!! PEOPLE - what the hell is wrong with you?? She #$%$ admittedly throws her DEAD BABY into a swampy area and you PAY her to LIVE???? OMG! I have heard it all! I am 59 and in poor health and can't work and my poor husband has MS. We can barely make ends meet even though he works 17 HOURS A DAY!! He has to travel 6 hours a day just to get to work and then get home. We have NO FRIENDS or FAMILY who even CARE to help us out and we could use the money MORE than a BABY KILLER and deserve it MORE! People are nuts to help out a baby killer and not a couple of law abiding loving older married couple who work SO HARD and live with such awful medical issues…PLEASE - SOMEONE HELP US?!!!!

Here's your story casey -your toddler was missing for 30 days before you said anything to anyone. You partied your #$%$ off and got a tattoo. You LIED to EVERYONE and sent the cops on an insane wild goose chase. Yadda Yadda Yadda Cayley was murdered by you or someone you know.  The END. There.  Where's MY check?

All that money could have been better spent looking for the " real killer " .

I can see this coming soon to the Lifetime channel.

Whatever this excuse of a person does for money, be it a book, made for TV movie, the eventual nude spreads, I will never support.

Don't buy any books about her, People! or OJ.  Let's not help these people get rich.  We all know the stories already.

"If she knew who the murderer was for example, that would be huge. That would be the biggest news story of the year."...yes, as if everybody would take her word on it and believe whoever she names as the murderer.she has no story and the lawyers have no right to a no story. If they want to write a law book on how to defend a killer, then let them right about them selves.

How does someone with no job or income owe the IRS $68,000. Are they just making up figures now and slapping them on people? I am scratching my head big time on that one.

who want's to pay for story of serial liar?it's not worth the storage media it is on.

Boo-hoo. Give her the death penalty like she deserves.

Jose Baez and her other lawyers who got this baby killer off should have to eat their losses. And just why is she unemployed?

Why does she owe all that money to the IRS?

She told so many damn stories how would we even know if she was telling the truth. I would NEVER watch or read anything she produced. She is a baby murderer and dumped her in the woods to rot. I hope she rots in hell

It's demonic how these people are coddled and "saved" from their horrendous crimes! She already looks "rich" so all we can hope for is that Justice comes to her from another place because it certainly hasn't from our Court system.

Whether people watch it, read it or not she will see the money from whoever buys her story from her...sadly there are people who will buy it from her I'm sure!

Never should this hoer be allowed to sell the story on how she got away with murder the #$%$!!!!!!!! True trailer park trash like the rest of her familyIf anyone is stupid enough to pay for it - let 'em.  It's a free country, and we can all choose not to watch or read anything that helps this messed up young lady.

What a beatch...... Her #$%$ needs to be kicked.... Got away with killling her little girl and shewants to tell people how to kill their children and get away.   With a Kuont.

I don't understand why she needs anyone's permission to sell her story. The law says you can't profit from a crime, but she was declared not guilty. I think she did it, but what I think doesn't matter. The jury has set her free, so that would seem to be the end of it.

They better not let that crazy B***H sell her story.  If she is in debt too bad, figure it out by working like the rest of the world has to.  There is no way she should be helped out of debt by killing her daughter and making up stories to sell.

Name of her book/movie: How to murder your own kid and get away with it.

the only people benefiting from this is her attorneys. where did they think she was going to come up with $600,000

So now killing you child and getting away with it becomes a financial asset

I cant wait to read the headline.............." Casey Anthony found dead.......with duct tape over her mouth and nose. PARTY PARTY PARTY !!!

Innocent until proven guilty....at least thats how it used to be before cnn, msnbc and fox were created. Now its "go find me evidence that says she didn't do it". The process played out in court and 12 jurors (who never watched those biased shows) deemed her not guilty. Is it a coincidence that the only 12 people who didnt watch those news feeds were the only 12 who didn't think she did it?

Someone needs to put a little duct tape over this low life's mouth and nose til she is dead. Just the way she did it to her poor defenseless daughter. This murdering hag doesn't deserve to be breathing, much less selling the lies about her daughters death and profiting from it. I'll never watch any move about this #$%$ unless it portrays her paying for the death of her daughter.I hope she writes a book.  I really hope it flops and the publisher looses a lot of money.  Karma will find this woman someday and greet her appropriately.

The only person more disgusting than her is her lawyer trying to cash out of these events.

Bankruptcy Judges part of the good ole boys club.

She has filed for Bankruptcy protection. She wont have any debts when it is final. The trustee is trying to raise money to pay the creditors and would probably receive a sizable kickback. Anthony would not be able to receive any of the money herself. That gives a 0% chance that any information given by her for the book would be any different than the lies the whole world has already heard. There is alot more to the story than we will ever know.

Why doesn't she strip like Octomom did?  I would sit up front and stash some cash....

Dontgivethatfuckingbitchadime!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I feel so sorry for this poor woman!!! She’s found innocent and still has to endure all this harassment

There is a special place in hell for this woman.

I thought you weren't allowed to file bankrupsy on your Irs debts.

Put her book with Jessica Lynch's book.. In the garbage.The sad thing is there are people stupid enough to buy her book.  And who are the nutcases who are sending her money and gift cards?  Did this piece of garbage think people would forget what she did.  She got away with murder.  I would never buy or watch any movie.

I can't imagine losing my daughter. Leave this poor girl alone.

When is this "BABY MURDERER" going to finally GO AWAY!!!  Go CRAWL IN A GARBAGE BAG and add some DUCT TAPE to your mouth so we don't have to hear or see her again! Poor CAYLEE could never tell HER story...that poor sweet baby never had a chance!!

I bet dirty ole' Larry Flint would pay off her debt to do a porno.

YOu can fix your $ problems with one of these three choices Casey...:  Playboy, Penthouse or Pornos!

Tell her to get a freakn job, no one wants her story she killed her child and got away with it!!!!!

I would never read this book see, because she is guilty lol its a no brainer....

every dog has his day. casey will soon see the light. the very light that she deprived her defensive daughter. no amount of money will change that.her dreams haunt her.Because you can't have the sweet without the sour.

she had the opportunity to tell her side. she just lied when she had the chance

Thats sickeningAWWWWWWWWW! Seriously, If she's not working she's gonna have debt......name of the game! She should NOT profit off the death of her daughter!

Who wants to read about how she killed her daughter and got away with it.

This how the story goes.... I killed my kid and got away.  Now I'm broke.

hey casey what about porn....that'll make you some money to pay off debt....its your only option since no one will ever hire you in this country

Which "story" does she want to sell the rights to?  She's lied so much, and I wager she has several "stories" to tell, all of them lies.

Go find a job like everyone else.  Go stay in a shelter and stop asking for handouts your freaking 26 grow up.  And if she is allowed to sell the rights to her story the money should be the exact amount she owes on her debt, nothing more nothing else.   Since that is the reason for the motion.

I don't know how a 'story' can be considered estate property. What if she refuses to cooperate and tell the story? Why should her story be sold to pay her debts? No other person would be allowed to barter such an item in bankruptcy court. They just don't want to admit she has no assets and is broke. The lawyers want their money.

Awwww.. leave the poor kid alone!! She is such a lovely and caring person, she needs a lil cash to make it thru the tough days ahead! Until she can get her Playboy shoot...

I think she should tell her story...........just before the hangman releases the trap door.

The money shouldnt be her, the story shouldnt be hers. The proceeds should go to protect innocent children in the name of Caylee, from screwed up off the rocker mothers like Casey. Hope she gets declined, hope the back taxes to the i.r.s land her a nice spot in the federal correctional faciliy. But above all I hope satin is keeping her spot in hell really hot for her! Money wont get you out of that you sick #$%$.For the love of all that is holy, please do not let her sell this story. She deserves to live broke and in debt for the rest of her life. She doesn't get to break even off her childs dead body. This article states "may be she can tell us who the real killer is" seriously?? You don't think she would mentioned that at trial to save her own behind? C'mon! As for the lawyers, you chose to help this #$%$...so sorry for you. The only people that deserve to get paid are the investigators that wasted time on her "missing child".

This witch should NEVER be allowed to profit from killing her little girl.  She acts like people should feel sorry for HER, well, NO.

Her Attorney, Mr. Baez, has not said he wants to get paid. The one that wants her money is her " friend".

Theres always porn!!

about her life story killing of her own daughter...hell no...she should be in prison...

Remember when OJ did this?  Now all we have to do is get her into a hotel room with a bunch of stolen goods.

I'm not sure if she classify as human.....that said, I'm not interested in hearing nor seeing her story.

I'm glad I'm not a vicious stalker who can tell the truth while people are living...not guilty of libel, unlike others who can only cash in on the dead who can't defend themselves!

You know what...I don't care that she was acquitted. I don't see why anyone should care whether or not she is able to pay her debts or how she pays them or even if she pays them. The hell with her.

WE've seen her trashy life story already, and need no more.Doesn't everyone really see what is going on here... HER LAWYERS want to sell her side of the story so THEY can get paid...  I say let her declare bankruptcy to get her self completely out of debt, then let her sell her side of the story.. but let all the proceeds go to charity..  and then lets see how badly everyone REALLY wants to hear her side of it...

You can see her smugness in her facial expressions. She knows what she did and don't care. Write her off.

We have a similar this close to where I live , a woman also know for getting high , wasn't watching her girl at a ball game and the little girl got kidnapped . The woman got a new house out of the deal , If You Love the kids watch them ( the girl was 6 ) , if You don't want the kid give them to someone that does . The anthony #$%$ like to party too much and was locked in the trunk and died , then the grand dad hid the body , they both should never see daylight again .

Let's not expect a nationwide ban on allowing her to publish her story.But still WE CAN DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.LET'S GET TOGETHER FOR A GOOD CAUSE, DO NOT PURCHASE Casey Anthony's book, IN MEMORY of Daughter CAYLEE.

Let her get a damn job and work the debt off like the rest of us.

"She said that she is living with friends and that those friends — and strangers who send her gift cards and cash — help her survive."  People send her money?!  WOW!  Just WOW!

She could probably make some money doing porn.

You will never get the truth even if they publish the book.  She's a pathological lier.

Somebody off this cuxt already please.

She killed her own daughter and I will never buy her story if it is written. The money should go to Victims Rights Foundations in Caylees's name. Not one dime of it should ever go to Casey! The system let her walk free! I will boycott any book store who if this is written sells it, Let her get a job woman up and pay her debts!Why does the media keep putting this B-----, in the news; Just let her die and fade away. As for the lawyers, they don't deserve to be paid.

BOYCOTT!!!

Hopefully this judge understnads that this baby killer can't spell anyways...after all this is the South...already 12 idiot re(d)ne(c)ks let he get away with murdering her child...Even if this judge allows this to happen they'll just use a ghost writer from the North anyways so the book will be legible!!

Selling a story of a tragic event to pay off the debts???? How low can a person get!!!

$145,660 for the Orange County Sheriff's office for investigative fees and costs; $68,540 for the Internal Revenue Service for taxes, interest and penalties; and $61,505 for the Florida Department of Law Enforcement for court costs. #$%$!!!!  She was found not guilty!  Why should she have to pay these????

This woman is a life-long liar.  The entire book would be"fiction".  What MOTHER would take a dime form telling such garbage about her own innocent child???  She's a NUT and her lawyers and "so-called friends" are just as crazy.

if Casey Anthony wants to earn money she could move to Nevada and workat a brothel.She'd make more than she needs.

no handouts  let her get a job and pay her debt like the rest of us do

Who, in their right mind, cares about her life story?  When she murdered Caylee, she took her own child's opportunity for life (and a life story) away.  Now she wants to make money off that.  Casey and her entire defense team should rot in hell!!

Think of that little kid's body laying out in a swampy woodland for months in a garbage bag decomposing and getting eaten by animals while her "Mother" was out dancing, screwing and living it up.  Question:  Do you still want to buy a book or watch a movie about her life?  She's a #$%$ who deserves the worst that comes her way.What's the book going to be called..."I  have got away with murder of an innocent child, but now I am late to the club" ?? Sickening, following in OJ's footsteps, nobody wants to read  it, and no one will buy it!  Get a damn job, shut up, and never show your hide again!

She's 26, she's able-bodied... get a dam job

i'll pay her if she b1ows me every day and sits on my face.

Paying off her debts? What about paying off the debt of taking a babies life,thats far more important. Book em Dano

What a c(u)(n)t.

NO ONE should make any money off of this little girl's death!!  Some people make me sick.  And those that would watch/read it...they're no better.

she can make lot of money by selling herself!! I don't think she has any other ways to make a living.  Vegas would be good place to start.

It's ludicrous that anyone would pay one dime for her "story"!! Everything out of her mouth has always been nothing but lies and more lies.

I bid one penny.

Really is anybody sick enough to want to watch this #$%$?  She should be on death row not selling her life story.  I don't care what the jury decided she killed that little girl.The police sure aren't looking for anybody else.I hope the rest of that #$%$'s life, she is terrorized.Anyone buying her book or watching anything about her that could make her money, they too should suffer.Lying to detectives while her daughters disappearance is investigated should result in severepunishment. It is an unexcusable crime.More than likely one or both of her parents are guilty of a cover up too.

How can anyone believe what ever she has to say in a book?  You relly think that she will now tell the truth? I will never want to hear that a judge agrees for her to make money on her child's murder.I cant see any decent person to agree on that. She is unemployable because nobody will trust her. A few options for work where she might be accepted: fast food restaurants, maid service, street sweeper... If stupid people stopped helping her, she would be forced to work.By the way, she lives with a rich older man who takescare of her...

we will NEVER know the truth, she is a psychopath and they do not deal with truth in any way, shape or manor. end of story.

I hate this #$%$

God help us.

In the first place their was no murder nor murderer, the child died of an accidental drowning in that back yard pool. You add a matriarchail mother, a pathological liar who feared her mothers's wrath more than she feared the authorities, to that event, and you have the makings of the Casey Anthony idiocy and trial. She was guilty of improperly disposing of her daughters body and misleading a lot of people about it, and lying to two detectives and to her mother for thirty one days. Only the bereft of anykind of vicarious thrill should or would be interested in reading, hearing or seeing that story come out. If you didn't believe her in the trial why would you think any different in a made for TV movie. Incidently I have an unpublished  story about an alien encounter with a zombie over his UFO craft, if that publishing company is interested.

Maybe she can hook up with OJ when he gets out. They should have a lot in common.

She's hot. I want her to have my kids.

Florida's one of the dumbest states in the Union!Zimmerman will be found not guilty.Dalia Dapolito was convicted of trying to have her husband killed but she's still free.Bush's brother helped him to win President.We need to send all the illegall immigrant to Florida!

PLEASE!  This is nothing but a way to get around her money problems! Also, she hasn't been in the spotlight enough, lately, and this will put her right back square in our faces. It would be a sin if this POS+ gained one more minute from killing her daughter!  Come on! Block this move, please!!!I think the white community should pull together and take up donation for her. She is like an angel reflecting off a waterfall on a bright march night around 10:37pm and you can hear an owl singing hoot hoot in the background

This girl is a compulsive liar, if they allow her to do a book deal does anyone really think it will be the truth.  She had no problem claiming her dad molested her so I would not put it past her to make up a name of someone who supposedly did it so she can get a pay day.  I would not pay for anything about her and I will not watch anything about her either she is worthless and I would not waste my time or money to "help her out", I would if it meant she would go to jail but we know that isn't going to happen.

I like the idea of someone buying the rights just so noone can print a book.  Everyone wins in this scenario.  She pays off her debts, allowing her to get a job and live a normal life.  Everyone involved(lawyers and the state) are able to be compensated.  Also, noone has to be outraged by a book going on sale detailing her daughter dying.  Let's be real here, if she is allowd to write a book, people will buy it.  Everyone saying "noone will buy that book" are just naive.  People bought OJs book, people will buy this one.  Lesser of two evils in my opinion.

The really sad truth is that there are many out there who will buy the book, watch the movie, fortunately I am not one of them.  If they did not perceive a market this would be a non issue.

Here is her story " I drowned my daughter buried her and went partying", the END.

Why don't this murderer get a job like everyone else?

I will not buy a book or watch a movie of that child killer ... she should be in jail

Any judge that allows that should be removed from the bench

If Casey Anthony is ever going to do anything honest in her pathetic excuse of a life, let it be earning an honest living.  GET A JOB!!!!!  No one will hire her?!?!?  Gee, I wonder why.  Perhaps she thinks she's too good to stock shelves in a supermarket -- can't let her be around money or she'll steal it.  Still, she can do SOMETHING to earn a paycheck.  She oughta try it sometime.

I want to know the type of people these strangers are that are sending her money and gift cards.  I won't buy the book or do anything else to help out someone who lied directly to the police when they thought they were trying to help her find her child.Imagine the suffering that poor child endured and for how long? She needs justice...Casey Anthony needs to pay for what she did, not have her bills paid!!!

No way in hell would I even read her story for free.

And they say crime doesn't pay. What next a new infomercial on how to kill your children for profit?

F**** This Chick!! Let her tank!!!

Good Lord! "She's never told her side of the story" COME ON! Does anyone really think this murderous #$%$ is going to tell the truth? This guy, the attorney's all want a piece of the pie, as did her previous lawyer.Anyone who is stupid enough to believe her, is just as insane as she is!  Her time is ticking,,, there are more than enough people out there who are just waiting for the right moment...Any money she'll ever make needs to go to the companies that were hired to try and find that beautiful little girl. Casey has shown no remorse. Her mother has been helping her all along, just as dysfunctional as her... Sad, sad, sad,,,,

I will never watch anything that has Casey Anthony's name on it!! Or anything that makes her MONEY!!

sickoooooooooo

They are just picking on her.

I hope they spend a million dollars making this film, and NO ONE watches it... It would serve the lawers and financiers of her court costs right!!Come on people...DON'T WATCH!!

Some of you same twits continue to condemn her when she was found not guilty while you praise George Zimmerman as innocent, or worse a hero when he hasn't even went to trial yet.No one should allow this woman to profit off of the murder of her daughter.

I wouldn't pay szzzzes for this loser's story or watch so good luck wh----- !

I's still bang her and Jodi Arias. And that zumba instructor chick too.

The new American Dream.

Here's a novel idea: She gets a job, even if it pays minimum wage!Or, I'm sure some nightclub owner would hire her to shuffle beers to drunk patrons. I keep hearing that no one would hire her for any type of job, but I'm sure one of her magical gift card givers is a business owner who would give her a job. Shoot, she can work from home stuffing envelopes for all I care, just don't expect sympathy from the public or the courts, I think you've beat that dead horse enough.

ANYBODY that pays this Witch a dime for her "story" needsto burn in hell.The End

HER story :Selfish middle class child grows up to be a #$%$ has a child didn't like motherhood smothered her child left her to die she went to court got off scotfree now she will live her life in misery.

Her POS attorney should suck up his fees as uncollectable... he wanted to help the poor girl after all... now support her too you moron!

so the movie will tell the truth that she murdered her daughter so she could Ho around eh? not worth the 12$$ to see

I hope she doesnt get a cent.By the way, looking at this picture...."it" looks like pure evil in black!

Where is the justice for little baby Kaleigh?

she should of got a public defender ( no charge ) but if they do sell her story she should not get one pennynext she will be on welfare or jerry springer show

the idiots who send casey money are probably the same ones who criticise me for giving money to george zimmerman......one big difference, GEORGE IS INNOCENT

I am with Casey Anthony in this, and I say DO IT!I urge the judge to allow it.

who would buy a story from a compulsive liar.?

Who cares....Lawyers want there fees.

This Murdering POS isn't worth the food she consumes or the air she breathes......

I still have my hole ready for the Murdering Turd under my Back Yard Oak Tree...This POS would make my tree grow fast!!.....

I think we know enough about her story.As Benjamin Franklin said, "It is better that 100 guilty persons go free than that 1 innocent person should suffer."

Get a job and shut up there is a special place for her after she dies and the people who are giving her money.

She wants to tell her story? You mean, the truth this time?

That should be Interesting.....a Book FULL of Lies.......

Baby killer should not be allowed to blather her lies anymore!

I say no...tired of people getting rich just beacause they got off a murder charge...like oj....suffer #$%$ like your little girl

This horrible excuse for a human being deserves to have even less that what her poor daughter had.  She should never be allowed to make a penny off of her useless life and deserves to live in the street scrounging in dumpsters for food.

is she going to be in a porno now?? I would watch it ;)

NO, NO,NO....Here is the thing, when a person is found guilty; he/she must pay court costs and fees, Right? So, Ms Anthony won her case and was found 'NOT Guilty. Therefore, the STATE should pay her court costs and fees. Right?

I heard she likes to play with knives.Casey needs to get off her #$%$ and get a job.  She is a piece of #$%$ and a waste of human life.  I wouldn't pay to buy her life story to save mine.

Who in their right mind would pay good money to read about this ho's life. Only in the USA!

she can be my little who A !

There are a lot of self-righteous, judgmental people here.  Perhaps you should review the evidence the JURY heard.  They DID acquit her, after all.  Do you believe in our justice system or not?

Do not waste one minute or one penny on this horrible excuse of a life.

Would like to see her in  a porn

#$%$ HER and "HER" STORY!!!!

Leave this poor woman be; she had her day in court which is more than I can say about the REAL murderers who dictate our foreign policy.  Of course then we are talking about wholesale killings: 3 million in Vietnam, 3 million in Iraq; etc. etc. etc. etc.

She could probably go into porn and make a few bucks there....

Let her tell the story! Sad but who doesn't want to know what happened. I think she was covering for her dad who it seems messed this woman up by abusing her. She was found innocent so what did the jury hear that we didn't. It should shed some light on the matter.Heaven help her if someone find out where she has been residing for the past year and paid her a visit one night. I don't ever want to hear her story. Especially if she was to profit off the death of her own child. No thank you. I would rather read on yahoo that his woman was found raped, beaten and murdered with her body found badly decomposed next to the side of the road then she is trying to sell her story.

Everyone is simply trying to still punish this woman, despite her being declared not guilty.  The Sherriff's Office, and even the Judge back at sentencing were doing everything they could post-verdict to seek revenge. Example: Appellate Court reversed two of the three lying convictions, because the three distinct lies occurred in the same interview.Everyone suing her is IMO trying to make a buck, or punish and nothing more.  As for the IRS, the only thing they know is take take take.As for her bankruptcy -- there is no book -- and you cannot give to others what does not exist.  Hypothesizing a worth to a story that is a personal experience is simply a money grab, especially obvious when you hear a BID OF $10,000 BEING PRESENTED BY A TRUSTEE, when you know that the first thing they'd do is celebrate... and turn around and sell the "story" for millions.An untold story is worthless, AND THIS EXACTLY HOW THINGS STAND NOW.Do I believe this child was murdered by anybody? NO!Do I believe the child accidentally drowned?  YES?And, I also believe that the father-grandfather did abuse both Casey and his granddaughter.Accidental drowning -- grandfather finds boy in pool -- hides and disposes of body because he realizes an autopsy would reveal his abuses -- body is later discovered so decomposed that it destroys all evidence of sexual abuse.... he gets away with abusing his own daughter and granddaughter -- that's the real crime here.

tell her to go get a JOB just like everyone else! She should not make any money for murdering her daughter!!!!!!

she will make a fortune on a book because america loves drama

I sure would love to finish................ All over Casey's face!!!!!

Shortest book in history, I'm Innocent, the end.

How about we just shoot her. No book, no debt, problem solved.

I am asking everyone here to send a message, fax, email whatever it takes to Judge K. Rodney May. I did. Tell the Judge what you think about this piece of dirt profiting from the death of that baby. She may be not guilty in the eyes of the law, but we all know she is responsible for the death of the child. Judges are suppose to uphold the law, but at times they can be persuaded to do the right thing. Send a letter and tell the Judge NO. Do not let her violate her daughters memory any further.

murder your child, earn money to pay off your debt..what a world this is!!!!!!!!!

l THlNK LlNDSAY L0HAN SH0ULD PLAY HER lN THE M0\/lE!!not sure if she did it alone, but she had something to do with it...I'm thinking her dad helped in some way.

Just cause your sellin don't mean anyone's buyin!

What would they call her story? "How I got away with murder?"

Too bad we don't still have debtors prisons. At least they could convict her and get her in jail some way where she deserves to be.

You can live with me Casey!!!  You will never have to worry about money anymore.

Next weeks headlines. Lawyer kills client for non payment and gets away with murder

Don't let that excuse of a woman make a cent off that #$%$. Everyone knows she's guilty. She deserves whatever troubles have come her way, and then some.

I'm amazed at the stupidity of people...She wasn't found not guilty of killing her daughter by a JURY that is the heart of our system of justice.  Like it or not, she is allowed to have a life.  Of course it is tragic for the innocent child..Those who wish her to be raped or murdered in prison, are NO BETTER than her.If you like that kind of system, move to Iran, China or another mob mentality country.

Her "side" of the story is worthless. No one wants to pay to hear her lie. The real case has already been told throw the media and there are no laws against people making movies or books about the real story everyone already knows. If someone pays that women for her lies that should blacklisted from Hollywood.

She was acquitted. She shouldn't need anyone's approval. Why should someone not convicted be punished?she should pose nude for playboy

She may have to do porn to make some cheddah.

She must not understand that the world loathes her!  She should find that rock she crawled out from under and craw back in!

Can she just start her adult film career already...

Why can't she get a job, I for one am not interested in her story. I tell believe she knows what happened to her child.

From personal experience, every time the minimum wage goes up, my sub sandwich goes up, along with everything else I need to buy.And just for the record, with the last minimum wage increase, my sub went up 50 cents, not 4 cents.

I hope she sells it, just enough to pay the debts, and she does not get so much as 1cent for any on it.  They should include that in the paperwork that authorizes the selling.  I also feel the lawyer she has now should not be compensated for taking this to court, he was a sucker taking on this case when he knew she was broke, unless she was paying him in other ways.  She needs to get a job washing dishes for this lawyer, let him pay her.

Get over it people, she was found not guilty in a court of law...she has every right to profit from all you dummies that made this story so big.

She is a very stupid person.

heres a better idea just sell her life insteadBull she killed her daughter I think she should stay in hinding with no money, her daughter is gone she never had the chance to go to school, a prom, wedding day, family. Why should she. I would NOT watch any movies or take a spend a penny on a book she made her bed now it is time to lie in it................ the lawyers should be ashamed .. suck it up

I LOVE Casey and all of my children, but have something special for lovely Casey.

I have read a ton of these comments and I have to scratch my head. Most of you better pray that these same jurors are in that court room if you are ever on trial. There was NOT ONE shred of evidence linking this woman to the death of her child. NOT ONE.

Whats to tell? " I want to party...so i let my child die" ?????? ....this might sound barbaric but somebody should cut her face..with a rusted razor...then what? What will she have?

Someone buy it..then make a movie saying "based on the life of..." and  make it the horror story that it really was.... If someone owns the rights..it should not be a problem. (change the names..but as long as you have "based on ...casey anthony"  your fine .  Let this #$%$ and everyone else never forget. Push it in her face

Why would she be rewarded for killing her baby?

Ya think if she know who the killer was (if not her ) she'd have mentioned it a few million times to the cops ? duh !

I'm fascinated that there are so many people here that were on the scene when that baby died and have all the facts at their disposal.  It's fine to have an opinion.  That doesn't actually have to be based in facts, but don't claim facts when you really don't know.

I'm more than a little disgusted that anyone thinks that this piece of s**t's life story is worth anything.

I'd rather read a story about Caylee Anthony... the one where she gets justice in the end !Gee----unemployed???? Maybe she should get a REAL job instead of make believe one she had at Universal. Her "story" should never be published for any reason. She needs a good shrink and a salary so she can pay her bills.

SOMEONE KILL HER ALREADY!

This chick is hot. She could be making 10 grand a day in porno films.

Not one damn dime for this murdering #$%$!!!!

Simple answer - NO!  The leeches who enabled her defense etc. did so on speculation, now let them wait for their money.... let her work two jobs and live a life like so many hard working, honest citizens.  An unconvicted murderer should not profit from killing her child - it is an insult to our way of life.

She is one hot girl...I bet she'd be fun to party with...just not have a kid with...well not one you want to see graduate H.S.

Where are the dedicated vigilantes when you need them.

We really need some dedicated vigilantes right about now!

Why would anybody believe what she would have to say? She already told her story in a court of law.

I would never buy a book in which the profits were given to that women!Oh why not ? A jury seated from the Tampa are didn't find this "poor excuse" for a human being guilty...so let the courts from the same judicial system pay her for her sins......only in America!!!!!!......oh and Im from tampa

Casey Anthony, Lindsey Lohan both LOOSERS IN LIFE

Casey anthony : child killer and got away with it :&gt;(

Didn't we hear enough of her #$%$ on tv for FREE?

Burn Burn Burn!!!

We wants to hear you say, Yes i killed my daughter and this is what really happen............ and take your #$%$ back to prison and be free of all your debts cause no one will care if you rotted in there.

She killed her child we all know it yet she wants to get rich for it?  What is wrong with her? She deserves to go bankrupt and become homeless and eatting out of the trash.

Blood money.

Scrub toilets but I guess you are too good for work.

what shall we call the story line? Maybe "A spoiled brat of a party girl who got herself pregnant because it was fun and when it became a bore, dumped the baby in a swamp to die".Here's a hint: she killed her child!  Just remember, IF you buy a book, watch a movie, or read an article that she is connected to, it's just like you're putting the duct tape on the little child.

She is a nobody by her own doing and has no life story to write about.  Why doesn't she just go get a job as a stripper since that's all she would know to make money, then she can pay her debtsand go into hiding forever so we don't have to see her lying face again!

She sure got fat and even more ugly then at her botches trial!

does anyone know how she ended up racking up tax debt ? it's not like she had some great job like events planner at disney world .

Karma will catch up with her. Wait and see . Look what happened to useless OJ.

Let her live her life. She has to be mentally drained from the media. Give her a break.

This makes me sick... Personally, i think she should have to pay all her debts. Regardless, of the #$%$ attorney.  If he would not have murdered her child, she would not be in this problem.  Why should she be able to get off so easily again? Force her to pay her debts. Then force the attorney, who has now turned his back on her, to donate anything she pays to a fund or scholarship for abused children and families of murder victims.  This B*TCH needs to rot in the back of somebodys busted up car, with duct tape around her face in plstic bag in the summer heat of Florida....  Would never watch or read anything that would give this POS money.

How do these people sleep at nite. Start a Nationwide drive to not buy the book, see a movie or what else they try to do. Hope and pray no one bids on this. Wouldn't she have to admit to killing the kid? Anyway to the people that gives her money or whatever, if there is such a thing as a curse hope all of you get it…...

It iwll backfire on her like OJ's book. No story here.

Seriously,why does anyone to to hear the life story of a child killer yet alone spend the money to buy it.Get a job STUPID or disappear and never come back IDIOT.........I watched that whole trial thinking there isn't anyway this dumb broad was going to be found not gulity...when the verdit came in it made me sick...since then i have not watched anything related to her even the station it aired on....i only checked this out so i could comment.....when does it end?there should be someway this scab should go to jail where she should have been years ago....please get paid for killing her beautiful little daughter.....sorry the only payment she should get is a rope around her neck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I hope her life on earth is so bad that she wishes she could go back to jail .

No go Casey. Guess you're down to porn.

Thought she'd be out round the clock looking for her child's killer....There's a special place in hell for people who kill children.

Lifetime movie of the week.

It's not going to be her story ... it's going to be lies, lies and more lies! Who wants to by that!?!

no interested in any more of her lies

She actually has "friends" that help her? WHY? She killed her child and got away with murder with a stupid jury. No one should help her or buy her so called story.

I hope she drops dead.....slowly and painfully.

the death of the little girl was very sad ,why do people hurt little kids?Get a job you #$%$

One word for her.  The MONOSYLLABLE word women hate with an emphasis on the last letter sound.  BOO-YA

I hope they put it to auction and not a single person bids on it. I hope her life outside the confines of prison is worse than her life would be in prison. You deserve nothing you piece of #$%$.

A how to book on how to kill your child and get away with it? OMFG

Only in America will someone try to take your gun when you did not shoot anybody and at the same time reward a murderer...

I would like to know why the Taxpayers are paying for U.S. Marshall's to protect Casey Anthony!!!  She won her murder case, she should be on her own.  There is no reason she should have protection paid with Taxpayer Funds.  This is absolutely WRONG!!!  The U.S. Marshall's office should have to give an answer to the Taxpayers for this action and what I would call misappropriation of Taxpayer Funds!!!

The only reason anybody knows her name is because she makes really, really bad decisions. That's it.

I would be willing to listen to her story if she whispered it into my ear and sorta nibbled around a little bit.

I can see it now pay off the attorneys who will get rich of of anything said or done.The rest if anything is left so she can live on and party somemore at the expense of her so called innocense of a child's life taken . Iam sorry I rather she just keep quiet and in the dark...in the end she will pay for it.As for her greedy attorneys there is alot of other fish in the sea to take a bite out of. and Iam sure other bigger stories..to make money and movie deals out of.!!.

I know how she can make some money. Drop that bra and let us see those flip-flop, big, bobbing groodies!Casey Anthony's family is sick.  Her entire childhood was dysfunctional.  Let's start with her mother, Cindy Anthony.  Why didn't she protect Casey when Casey was growing up?  That's my question.  This whole story will come out in Casey Anthony's book and it's one I certainly intent to buy.  I want to know what Casey was subjected to as a child.

so why bother selling a story ?? all she did was lie and get away with murdering that innocent lil' girl. what makes people think her story would be anything but lies ?? at any rate, i wouldn't give her a wooden penny for it. maybe she can go into prostitution.

The time for her to "talk" was when her baby went missing.  Sorry, Casey, the only one you should be talking to is God. He's the one that knows what you did and I think your little girl is right next to Him waiting to find out why.  You can try to run and hide,  but eventually you will end up right where you belong.

oh hell no nobody pay to hear anything this child killer wants to say do not buy into her BS

Sick .................girl .

More lies, lies, lies!  I wouldn't watch the story or purchase the book!  Somebody put this *$%@# out of her misery!

She's STILL "all about me".  Selfish, pitiful piece of work with no remorse or care about anyone or anything other than herself.  This takes the cake.

All I can say is that we all boycott this.

I hope the court will ban her from ever writing her side of the story.  She needs to think how blessed she was to get off with a not guilty verdict.

will boycott ANYTHING that this haglet ho' sells, makes or is linked to in ANY way shape or form..........Seeing this vile creature walk the face of the earth as a free woman is one of the rare circumstances when I would support one of the clandestine agencies such as the CIA or NSA taking Casey out covertly.

She won't get one red cent from me!!!

I will only be interested in her story if she tells the truth and go to jail first.

Only she knows the truth about what happened to her precious little girl.  I don't think anyone could ever trust anything she would say.  I personally would not give one red cent to purchase the book and I would not read it if it was given to me along with $100.  To exploit her situation and the death of her child for money is abominable!

"...help her survive."  I can say, from the bottom of my heart, that I am not in the very least concerned about this animal's survival.  She should have been put to death.

this chick is so hot!!! i think it's becuase you know if you get her pregant she'll take care of it and that is just sexy

I've seen innocent people convicted on lesser evidence that was presented at her trial and to this day I can't understand what that jury was thinking?!..The bigger shock for me is that she has friends and fans sending her money?..this is a sick #$%$ world we're living in indeed!!

She's a child murderer? Prove It! The State of Florida couldn't. She has every right to publish a book about her experience during her trial

Let the lawyers sell rocks for her stoning.  And mom too for lying on the stand to protect her.

She should get "broke" and "murderer" tattooed next to her old one "bella vita"These people are sick when they take this poor little girls tragic death and  use it so the mom (killer) can make money and pay her bills.

I wish she would just disappear.

Get a job!

How about you get a job and stop trying to sell a fabricated story like the one you told in court. This person should never recieved anything about this sad moment in the judicial court

Sure she can sell it for exactly $792,000. Then hopefully we'll quit hearing about her and she can live in a gutter (or maybe a black trash bag with duct tape over her mouth)

i'd pay her 50 for a bj

I am goingto cry for her. Wait , nevermind I thought I had a tear . Still tryin to get a tear , to feel sorry for her but I got nothing . I hope she rots  like her child did in that bag

This is sick.

We all know your story, Casey.  You killed your kid, lied to your parents so you could go party, lied to the police when your mother wouldn't put up with your BS and then got away with murder.  We don't need to know anything else.  Go get a real job.

she has to pay $200k in court costs even though she was found not guilty ???  she may be a schmuck, but innocent is innocentshe doesn't deserve a penny

Let Amazon know you won't follow this BS and will no longer buy from then if they offer it.  It all starts with the money trail.

Don't forget-she is going to know about this article and read all our comments.  Casey, may you live a very long, lonely, poverty stricken, loveless, disease riddden, toothless, homeless and shunned existence.

Country wild I think no one wants to hear what the liar has to say.  I will never watch or spend money on anything that puts money in her pocket or helps her make a living, Karma, just waiting for karma

Who would want to read her version of her life story? It's sure to be another string of lies.

Keep your lousy story and put out a sex tape ya filthy animal!

I hope the judge told her to get a real job, working in the sewer should suit her personality.

Send her to Nevada brothel and make her work debt off!

I got a job for her. She usually does it for free, so I'll give her a few bucks this time.

It is either that or stand on a street corner and turn tricks!!!And why didn't she ever get a neglect charge for her daughter just vanishing?

it's a story of a child killer. it's not worth anything since there are other sick #$%$ around the world that do this and worse. Don't see them getting swamped by the media or trustees to get their story.

NO no no no not right. Hell no

You can't discharge debts to the IRS in bankruptcy.  The feds need to throw her jail for not paying her taxes.

We as Americans got to make changes.  This broad killed her daughter and some idiot want her to capitilize off of it.  What in the hell are they thinking?  If they can go back and convict her it would be a great idea and then seize her money but that's not possible because of "Double Jeopardy."  They need to make exceptions to that law.

Guilty people should not profit from their crimes...Oh Yeah, she was "innocent".   Riiight!  Why was that?

to purchase a book that involves casey in any way is supporting the devil..the wrath of the public should be to turn their back on her as if she is dead..to support her in any way is a form of support that you think she is innocent .her life is over but if we as the public buy or support her in any way she sees as hope that she is forgiving....

Real life story? Can't be done if she lies?? And we know she has no idea how the truth !!

If she wants/needs money....let her do PORN like everyone else. Better yet, A nice cold cell will alleviate her financial troubles. I would glady see my tax dollars lock her #$%$$$ up for life.

Since she's really young I hope she can get it together soon. We praying for you sweet Caseyshe should never be aloud to recieve pay for telling anything to do with the case. her lawyers can just eat what they lost. they got a tom of adivertisment just by doing the defence on her. that is all the pay they need.

bankruptcy!! really!!! pay your debt's yourself and not by selling your damn story, most people know you killed your daughter, no one else did, otherwise you would have told the court when you were on trail  who killed your daughter. and these so called friends that are helping you out with gift cards etc..... they are stupid for doing so. IF they do let you auction off your story, (which i hope does not happen) to the person that gets the highest bid, you are  only helping a murderer that killed her OWN DAUGHTER, think about that........

Do not judge, or be judged yourself.  She was acquitted in a court of law.  If you do not trust the US legal system, then leave.

It's the TV netowrk or movie deal that's gonna pay big, not just the book deal, stop the network or movie deal and you might have a better chance of her not making a profit from killing her own flesh and blood. But, guess what? The movie makers know that people will tune in and watch, that's the sad part, TV ratings will go up if they televise her story, sooooo it's worth something.

JUSTICE OF CAYLEE!!!!      NOT CASEY!

I wouldn't pay a cent to read a book full of lies.  She shouldn't get a penny.  And her lawyers should get paid last.

NO ONE should watch that bullshit. Doing so would be supporting a murderer! I hope she fails miserably.

I would NEVER spend a dime on anything about her or watch anything about the lying child murder!  I hope she never gets another dime for anything - let her live on the street and scour garbage cans for food.  Hope Baez doesn't get a penny either!  Eric Kampmann must have had his head in the sand, her story could be worth seven figures, especially if she was not guilty and had the goods on who was?  Get real!  Pleae people, don't support this killer!

Wow.she is a piece of work.Who cares about her life.Not me.

Her story being how she got away with murdering her daughter? Or do like OJ and write a book on how u would have killed your daughter. Either way I #$%$ she never earns a dime from her daughters death...She got away with murder now freakin beat it as for the Lawyers it's tough cookies suckers..She's a leper that needs to go away.

So she wants to sell her story.  I'm sure every word would be true!

She can do porn....

Anyone who buys her books, watches her movies, or otherwise pays any money to this woman should visit the grave of her daughter and apologize with disgrace! When did our justice system become a stepping stone to stardom?

I would never pay a cent to help her or her attorneys

How many of you think she did it?

You can't sell something that isnt worth anything!

I will not support buying anything to do with casey anthony. Please do not buy anything that has to do with her!!!

They found Casey NOT GUILTY. Why should she have to pay anything. The state of FL. should have to eat this debt. If she had been convicted it would be another story but they shouldn't be able to accuse someone, then make them pick up the tab. This is wrong. Leave her alone.

Casey Anthony has only herself to thank for the mess her life has become. She should do the world a favor and end it.She just never wants to own up to her actions. I hope I never see another casey anthoney for the rest of my life. Coward.

Just so you know... Lifetime is airing their movie Imperfect Justice, based on prosecutor Jeff Ashton's book, on Sunday March 24th.  I won't be watching.  If you have a minute, e-mail them and tell them how crass this is, and that you won't ever watch anything they broadcast on their network because of this, and that you are telling everyone you know to do the same.  Not that it will stop them from showing the movie, but venting always makes me feel a little better.   Just my .02

The race goes on ... The child is dead and the mother goes free , while greed takes first place and the mother is running a strong second , while the laywers and writters fall close behind . Go away Casey and be heard from no more !!!!!!

We can all do our part by never paying a red cent for any of that #$%$. Who cares about her life story.

She's dressing rather well for someone living off the generosity of others.I think it's funny that they mentioned someone willing to pay her NOT to tell the world. That one I can see. I may even pitch in a little for that. But I do NOT want to see her book on the shelves at Walmart or Barnes &amp; Noble and I absolutely will not watch a movie or made-for-TV movie about her life. What she's done is despicable and I don't care if she has to work fast food or sell herself to pay off her debts.

she needs shot.

This is sickening!!! Cant post what i want cause yahoo woll block it!!she is sick.....dont give her a dime!!!mandatory hysterectomy!!  and leave america!!! You sick #$%$

7 figures???? The only way her story is worth 7 figures is if all 7 figures are to the right of the decimal point.

Why isn't she working? is it b/c no one will hire a child murderer?  What is she doing with her 'spare' time??  Sorry but she could be doing something productive to make some sort of living..

Public opinion is that she is guilty. But a court of law found her not guilty. Still, she knows what happened, no doubt in my mind. The woman has no conscience either way or she would have off-ed herself the same way her daughter was taken out of this world. Judge her? Darn right. No child deserves a parent like that!America is not the great country it used to be. They let baby murderers &amp; molesters off for anything now. they should be put to death instead. Then maybe there wouldn't be so much of it going on. Any person who would buy their life story is NUTTS!!!

Hasn't Playboy or Hustler offered to pay her money to take pictures of hoe#$%$  Give me a break, she's crying all the way to the bank!

Maybe she and LL will just O.D. together!

Good Luck with that.

Tell her story is exactly what she will do, as if she will admit to killing her daughter.  She is a baby killer and one day sooner or later she will pay!

Money.

If that knows who killed her child (her) then she should have spoken up sooner. What kind of mother waits until she gets paid?  What kind of mother does any of the things she did.  I love my children so much.  I know where they are and who is with them and if I lost track of them for even a few minutes I'd call the police and have everyone searching for them.  It sure would take a month.  This is horrible.  If she can't pay for her life then maybe she should not have taken her daughter's.  This may be her punishment to live a horrible life here on Earth - um she could have to live eternity in Hell so she should be glad she is being punished here so maybe she doesn't have to suffer for eternity.

Why should we be concerned over her finances?  She wasn't concerned over her own child!!!

Guys c`mon.. she was found innocent lol jk jk

So murdering your baby makes you a celebrity now. hmMoney, money, money.....that is all this child's life is worth?  These people should be ashamed of themselves for even thinking about using this child's death as a way to pay off bills!!  What about the rights of this child, even though she is deceased?  Wrongful death suits are everywhere in our country, they seem to have rights, what about Cayley?

Even if she did 'sell her side of the story' it'd probably be even more off base than it was 5 years ago cuz hello she's a flippn liar!

The Casey Anthony story:I was bornI became a party #$%$.I got pregoI had a babyI killed it.My lawyer got me off (no pun intended)You made me rich.The end.

Dont buy a copy of her b.s. folks. In 6 months she will be moving to Chatsworth and we will all be seeing "plenty" of her.

burn in hell casey anthoney

"If she knew who the murderer was for example, that would be huge. That would be the biggest news story of the year."Well of course she knows who the murderer is! She sees the horrendous person everyday, when she looks in the mirror.

WOW.. did anyone really think that she was gonna have the money to pay for her legal defense?? NOPE!!! &amp; out of respect for her daughter (RIP) I will never watch and or purchase  anything that has anything to do with her making money off of her daughter's death!!!!!

Everybody already knows her life story "LIAR"  by Casey Anthony.

Anybody who bids on her so-called story, and whomever ultimately purchases her story, should rot in hell with her!  She gets away with killing her daughter, and now she wants to profit from it?  Where is the justice for that poor little girl?  Ms. Anthony should never be allowed to profit in anyway from the horrible crime that she committed.  She knows what she did; and I hope it haunts her for all eternity!  As for her blood-sucking lawyers. they don't deserve to be paid; they have blood on their hands too!

No one should benefit when there is a loss of life.  Sad that people find this "entertainment".  The lawyers should find some other way to make money, and let the dead RIP.Hell she got away with murder may as well let her make some money too!!

"particularly if she is not guilty."  Yeah. Right.

She kill her  daugther   she is free  what is  new  fu... her  hope some one  get her soon

The bankruptcy trustee wants to sell "her story" because he get's a comission of the money he recovers in her bankruptcy case.  He is no better than she is!  Neither one of them deserve anything.  This is our wonderful legal system.  Both of these people trying to make a buck off of the death of Caylee.

The only justice that baby will get is if no one is willing to buy this story and if they do, that they never make a cent on it because the public will be outraged.  I will never, ever watch any movie or TV program or read any book that will profit Casey Anthony in the slightest.  Nothing she says will ever bring back that poor child.

she murderers her 2-year-old daughter, Caylee  this is not "Justice" Anthony wants to make money on her 2-year-old daughter death  this not right and you Bankruptcy trustee wants to sell  "murderers story"          She told so many lies,

get her and octo-mom in a ring - give them each a sword and let them battle it out....

If the Judge agrees to let her do this, Wonder how often he get to visit her a week.

i certainly wouldn't buy the book or see the movie - this chick is whacked.  get a job and pay off your dept like normal people do.

DISGUSTING. This only validates the glory of murder. Let Casey Anthony be murdered by her debts like she murdered her daughter instead of being a celebrity who got away with taking a life for the sake of a party.In my opinion as freedom of speech, i personally think casey anthony is guilty of murdering her own child and I feel that a judge should keep her from selling her story. I ,for one, will not go and see that movie..I feel so sorry for her daughter but maybe it was a blessing that she went to heaven and doesn't have to have her for a mother.

So now they want her to make money off killing her child let the stupid child killing #$%$ get a job just like everyone else. what is she to damn good to work ot support herself not our fault no one wants to hire a child killer!!! this is sickening

Lets set her up with Joran van der Sloot.

"Anthony said she was unemployed and hasn't received any money to tell her story. She said that she is living with friends and that those friends — and strangers who send her gift cards and cash — help her survive."Maybe try getting a job?  Oh wait... you can't because no one wants to hire a murderer do they?  If she had had her priorities straight, and instead of focusing on going out and partying she was thinking about her and her child's future, she might not be in this predicament.  Bed made, lie."An auction, with bidding, is the "best way to maximize the value for the Estate and its creditors."How do you put a price on a child's life?  Oh, right... lawyers.  (The "Estate" has no value if it wasn't for the death of Caylee.)"If she had the goods, and she was really going to spill the beans of what happened, particularly if she's not guilty, that's pretty big," said Eric Kampmann, the owner of Beaufort Books. "If she knew who the murderer was for example, that would be huge. That would be the biggest news story of the year."She knows who the murder is and sees her every time she looks in the mirror.  But why would anyone believe ANYTHING that comes out of this girl's mouth?  She is a habitual liar.  I'll be e-mailing Beaufort Books when I'm done here to let them know that I will never buy anything they publish if they work with Casey in any way."Kampmann said enough time has passed since Anthony's trial that her story could be marketable."Oooh... they think we've forgotten about this.  I have news for them; Casey is hated as much now as she ever was..

She should not be able to profit from killing her baby girl and getting away with it. I say 'NO DEAL!!!"

Don't give the bi**h a dime!

I would only pay to read the story of her demise!

once again, you can always come to ND and get away from all the jazz..open door

she looks ok - I bet she could get a job as a happy ending specialist in a massage parlor.

She is a child murderer she should never profit from that beautiful baby getting killed by her mother!!Casey, write your book babe.  Tell us, who the murderers are.  Thank you.

but who would buy it?

Unbelievable!!!  She should get NOTHING for a book that undoubtedly will not tell the true tale.  It would probably also paint her as the "victim".  If indeed anyone would pay to hear the story has a screw loose.  I don't care that she was found innocent.  I don't think she was, and I believe she murdered  her adorable little girl because she decided she didn't want a "doll" anymore, cuz she wanted to go party, etc.  B**I**T**C**H..

Oh, she should have gotten a abortion...her little girl would have been better off!

Maybe all of these folks who think she is innocent and are sending her money and gift cards can employ her as their nanny so she can earn a living and pay her debts

What is she going to say? Everything out of her mouth is a lie. The best part of her story was watching her stealing money from her friend's account at a bank and at Target. It told everyone everything they needed to know. Liar. Murderer. (oh, she even cleaned out her parent's bank account too, but Cindy the Liar Mom Anthony didn't want to keep harping on that fact).

get this c---nt and hang her by her silcone implants put her to sleep

If the states of Florida and California allowed their juries to ask questions as is done in Arizona, I think the outcomes of the Casey Anthony and OJ Simpson trials would have been guilty.  As far as compensation for murdering a loved one to pay for canniving lawyers, they get what they deserve:  Zero!

Common folks, it was all an accident, all of it, bad things just seem to happen to her and always will.

All those who claim to be working for "free" are getting free worldwide publicity for working "free"! Baez, had never had a murder case, had his own personal child support issues, and no one ever heard of him. So, they have been"paid" and become famous on the miniskirt of that murderer! Anyone who jumps on this,well.. I hope they get their own reward.It has always been about the money with her...never about her daughter...always about her and her having a good time.....how sad.

Casey Anthony is the Anthony Family punching bag!

when she get hanged ill be gald to buy a book

"If she had the goods, and she was really going to spill the beans of what happened, particularly if she's not guilty, that's pretty big," said Eric Kampmann, the owner of Beaufort Books. "If she knew who the murderer was for example, that would be huge. That would be the biggest news story of the year."Let's just say for arguements sake, she was innocent (not that I believe that). So if she is innocent and knows who murdered her 2 year old daughter, wouldn't she have said so many years ago?

The lawyers are pushing for it because they want their money.  "If" she is allowed, they had better allocate any proceeds FIRST to the sheriff's office, IRS, etc...before the greedy attorneys.

She partied her whole life then killed her daughter, how is that a story? She's not an inspirational or interesting person. She's a murderer. Oh I forgot, the world has a fascination with the worst of the criminals, thus 95% if tv shows on basic tv being crime shows. Lame.

"Oh hell no".She should have to pay her debts like anyone else &amp; work for it! The sorry #$%$ #$%$ got away with killing her baby, she deserves nothing!!!!!!!!!!!

hell no

I do not like it anymore than anyone else, but let her write her pathetic book and tell her story under the following conditions. She pay her blood sucking attorneys every cent she owes because by god she owes them for pulling that BS defence out of the hat, pay the police and the dept of revenue back what she owes them, then any and all profits (no exceptions) above this go to help a specified respectable childrens charity and then she can get a job with a clean slate. If not pardon my language screw her, let her live on $50 gift cards form sad people who believe she is innocent, let her spend her life in hiding and she will hopefully become a mere footnote in history,

Are you kidding she should never be able to profit off the death of her daughter, we all now she did it just wanted good times and no responsibilityIf she is granted this disgusting request, I have lost ALL faith in our system.

I though people weren't allowed to profit from their crimes.  Even though she was acquitted of murder, she was convicted of a few other crimes.  And even though she wouldn't be getting cash by selling the rights, she would still benefit as the money would pay her debts.  What's up with that?

She should be in jail and thats the bottom line.. She murdered her child. All of this is wrong. Pay her debt off...I know its not right to say but she should suffer for the rest of her life. No one should feel sorry for her. Do you all care anything about the innocent life she took away? That baby did not deserve that. She's going to rot in hell for that. #excusemylanguage

NO...She is a KILLER....No Money....Starve the #$%$

Are you hate mongers still here?

murdering %itch

Sell her story?? You mean the one where she killed her 2 year old daughter and got off free and clear? Even her parents were sure she'd done it! Or do you mean a new story? One she had about 2+ years to write?? Please....

anybody who would watch her life story is sick. she needs to be in a deep dark hole,never to see the light of day again. she should profit from nothing. she can clean toilets to pay her bills and if we are lucky her head will get stuck in one. so #$%$ i could not even read this article,but had to comment. burn in he!!,bi%c*

Even if Casey Anthony were innocent of killing her daughter directly, she would still be guilty of doing so indirectly through neglect and child abuse. Either way, she is guilty and should never be allowed to profit from the crime. That said, I think they are underestimating the hatred most feel for her. Most of us will never buy anything that profits her! She should be forced to suffer for what she did.

Come on! Do you really think her "life story" would have any real truth in it. She'll still say shes innocent and everyone knows that is a real crock of #$%$.I wouldn't pay a single penny for her story , killer got away suck

Why can't they just forgive her debt and let the #$%$ start over and get a job and pay her own way? These lawyers chose to continue to represent her. Making money off her kids death after throwing her child in the woods in a beg for the animals to eat her body parts is a focking shame. There is a special place in hell for her, and Jose Biaz will be sitting right beside her.

Does she declare the so-called "gifts" she receives???  She shouldn't be able to gain a cent for her story which would be just another pack of lies.   She's already thrown her father under the bus at her trial.  Who's life or lives does she want to ruin ?

They it's wrong to burn books,but in the case of O.J. Simpson and Casey Anthony,I'll bring the gas!

Get a job like everyone else. Why get money off the daughter you killed.

she will write a book....and there are enough idiots in this country to buy it and make her a millionaire!

I'm not interested, who would believe any of her lies...........OJ Simpson all over.......his book was a flop.........no one in their right mind would give her a minute of their time.

porn. that's about it. she'll make a mint.

WHY DIDNT SHE GET A PUBLIC DEFENDER

She really does have a lot of nerve asking the judge to let her sell her life story, exploit the death of her precious little girls murder and get big bucks for it. I pray that all the jurors that let her go never get her out of their minds, the facts were there and they let her go! She is a monster that has no remorse for that beautiful little babies life that she had no value of, and is free to live her life out. Makes me sick.why would anyone want to read this murdering trash's story

She should be able to make money to pay what bills she has now from this joke of a case and then all the other money should be given to the State for children requiring the State to care for them.  She should not get one extra dollar. Martha Stewart went to jail for lying. Yet this piece of trash wants to make money off her killing her daughter.

Oh how surprised we'll be when she admits in the best seller that shes the murderer.... Double Jeopardy my #$%$

So whats the point of a justice system if someone is found not guilty they say they are guilty vice versa.  if she is guilty she has to live with it, leave the lady alone

All she has to do is do whatever it is zimmerman is doing? BTW they belong together.

Her story is that she is a murderer. I don't need to know anything else. Knowing that and that she got away with it is bad enough.

Why hasn't someone put a bullet in this (u/\/t's skull?

I wish that little Caylee would have had the chance to have a life story.

This is the lowest form of exploitation of Caylee.  I don't give a tinker's damn about Casey and her side of the story.  Caylee should be left to rest in peace.

Her life story is that she liked to party and get laid and her daughter and responsibility got in the way.  So she took care of it.  Roll credits.....while Jay-Z's "I'm A Hustler Baby" plays on the soundtrack.  There--now there's no need to even download the bootleg copy via torrent  when it comes out.Bottom LIne--go ahead #$%$ bid on it and see if you get your Money back.  She doesn't deserve anything, it will not bring Caylee back.  If someone buys this thing--it is an INSULT TO THAT POOR BABY, THAT LAID IN THE MUCK, WHILE HER MOM PARTIED.  BOOK MY #$%$--ANOTHER LIE

"Facing Bankruptcy" are you kidding me? One has to have had a job to be bankrupted. It looks like a lot of gold diggers floated her a lot of money for two reasons. One to get into her pants, and two to reap the rewards of her story.I hope she gets all that she deserves.

The judge knows whether she fooled the legal system or not, he doesn't HAVE to give permission.

i always think this way: you know the suspect, in this case casey anthony, is guilty when they are not talking about finding out who committed the crime to clear their name. i mean that would be my main concern if i was charged then later found not guilty.

I hope no one is stupid enough to hear her story. She has already lied and caught, why would she tell the truth now?She should not profit from trying to hide her daughter's dissapearance (and most likely murder).

I have the same conern for Anthony as she had for her daughter.

She should just take the offer from vivid to do porn and her money problems would be over.

If there is anything that will make her a dime or give her a moments joy, I am against  it.  Just how was she planning to pay her attorneys in the first place?    They were paid with free publicity and that is what they wanted.  So I don't feel sorry for them.

This woman deserves NOTHING !

Nothing but lies, why reward the lies people said?  Keep your money and pay your bills.She should never be able to profit of her daughters death. She makes me sick.

How do u owe 68k to the IRS if u have no income....guess i really missed something!!!

If there is a buck to be made, the low lifes as bad as her, will come out of the wood work to give her an offer

seriously? Does this douch#bag honestly think people give two flying f's about her child murdering life? She is a nasty POS ....and I would hope that no one would buy a damn thing she would get money off of.....she needs to meet her match and go to HELL where she belongs!!!! May her little baby RIP and may this b*tch rot in HELL!!!

Considering her history of lies and deceit, who could ever believe a word she would say?  I would consider anything she wrote to be total fiction designed to make her look as good as possible.  Of course, maybe she should go ahead with her book and accuse someone as the murderer.  That person can turn around and join Nanny Z in their lawsuit for libel.

I'll sum up her life story - "I murdered my two year old daughter and got away with it"  Now that it has been revealed, don't pay the be otch a dime.  She isn't worth it.

NO. She refused to say anything in court, so why should she now make money on the story?

Simply another sleazy ploy by lawyers to make money off people. They don't care a damn about what she did. She was found innocent, and we all know why. We all know why she murdered her child as well: she wanted to party and and have sex and the little girl was a burden. Not a dime should go to her, and the attorneys should not be allowed to profit either. If they sell the rights, pay off the attorneys and then the rest gets placed into a a fund for abused children. This could be a spot where attorneys could show that they are more than simply money hungery sharks  feeding off people. Do something positive other than profitting.

Seriously, what he hell is wrong with her

A remake of her story was on Lifetime a couple of weeks ago---I tuned right on past it!!! I am not interested in letting this chick make any money because SHE killed her kid and got away with it!Just what we need is the story of a compulsive liar.

First of all I think she is guilty and did kill her child and should be killed herself.  However, since she won at trial why is she responsible for court and sherrif costs?

It was only a matter of time before some sleazebag publisher would print her story.  Hopefully, someday karma will catch up to Casey Anthony.

she needs to give up her citizen and live normal again. leave out of the country and leave in asia. there is a lot of conservative country here stay away in muslim or jews country.

Caylee didn't get a new start on life why should her murderer.

That thing deserves to 'sell' her life story as much as she cared about her daughter... NOTHING.  She killed that poor little girl and nothing will ever convince me otherwise.  No one should ever profit from that precious angels death.

And she thinks people will actually care to read it?

I would notgive 0ne cent to this POS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!MURDERER........for any reason.

Order her to get a job n pay her debts like the rest of us tax payers do, why should she get a break ? And she can't declare bankruptsy on her unpaid taxes but then again she got away with murder then she will probably get away with this too. Ok i'm done venting.

The enemy is always trying to play the victim.Wouldn't have given this much pub!!!!

Hey Casey heres an idea,go #$%$ for a living! Murderer!

i would not read her "book",  even it were actually published and given to me free...but just would put it to a lighter.  As thats where trash goes, to be dissipated.  Plus, Anthony, even though found 'not guilty", will for the rest of her life, serve a life sentence, one of bankruptcy, for one, as well as being ostracized, basically by most everyone...living off gift cards and money sent by strangers?  that gives us how 'well' she is doing...she would probably only be able to obtain employment by going to seedy clubs, doing the strip club thing, but even then , everyone would know who she is, and probably in disgust, turn her away from even that.  No, i  say, that Anthony will still live under a sentence for all her life, which is punishment, when you look at it, this kind being shunned, for the despicable part she played in her daughters death...(and btw such a beautiful, beautful child)....she is living in a prison without physical bars, but emotional, mental ones....and that is INDEED punishment....

Will be an intersting fictional read.

All the moral outrage aside, it becomes a very bad precident when a bankruptcy court uses a nonexistant but possible book deal as an asset.How does a court decide who has rights to control someone's biography before its written?

This book will be located in the fiction section, i assume.

Everyone....... Please vow not to buy ANYTHING this liar writes!!!! If it doesen't sell a single copy, she looses!

Make her a deal.Give her $25,000 on one condition,  1 year after that she agrees to let someone stick her face in a deep fryer and cut her F@#$ing head off

I still say her father and the weird guy that found the body have something to do with the little girls death.

Since we already know who the murderer is, she doesn't need to write a book.The sad thing about all this is some muck out there will eventually pay her to tell her side of her story.

maybe she can babysit her lawyers children and start paying him back that way.

It makes me sick just hearing her name! How a mother can do that to her own child is beyond me! I hope like O.J. one day she'll mess up and be behind bars where she belongs.

I really dont know why her "story" would be marketable.  Holds no interest to me.  I've already heard enough.

talk about justice !!! This #$%$ got away with what she did and now she wants to make money off it??? Another one of her lies--dont anyone buy the trash !!!!!

she should just dig a grave and jump  in she did it and got away with it she should get nothing

Sick woman, murdered her daughter and is now attempting to sell a fake story about said daughter in order to get rich and live the life she always wanted, without her daughter holding her back from being the party #$%$ he is at heart. I have hope that someone, one day, will take this woman out and bring some sort of justice to this world and her poor daughter.

tell her story, right. she should have told her story to the courts. you know she will just lie to make herself look good and rake in millions.I sure hope they don't let her make money off of murdering that poor child.

Any person\organization\media conglomerate\company who does purchase the rights, MANY people will make you pay for it. We will boycott your company, picket, protest, and make it a nightmare until you wished you had never even thought about purchasing and profiting from this murder of an innocent girl by her evil mother.

Anyone who publishes and/or even reads this garbage should be shot, she's a child killer!!! She would not have gotten away with it in TEXAS!!!She lied several times during the investigation and during the trial...what makes you think that his soulless woman would tell something resembling the truth in a book????  I repeat my earlier comment...SHE IS A DESPICABLE HUMAN BEING AND SHOULD HIDE OUT FOREVER!

wouldn't buy her book even when it ends up at the dollar stores.  and any publisher/movie exec who pays her for the lies deserves to lose whatever amount they invest in it.

We already know her life story. Worthless piece of S---!

lets hope she commits suicide and does the world a favor! everyone knows she killed that poor baby girl.

What is she going to tell in the book, more lies?????  Makes me sick to think about it.She hasn't told the truth yet and yet she wants to make money on her lies. Yuk.

it would all be lies anyway

Lets get real here folks...Casey is guilty and it was one of the most disappointing outcomes I have ever seen!

Those saying they would never read or watch her story are lying. The fact that you clicked on this article says you will. I'm not defending her. I'm not defending you. I'm just stating the obvious. Controversy sales and we are attracted to it. We won't help but look.

what ever happened to working? If one job isn't enough..get two! That's what people do!!!Why should anyone feel sorry for her?

"Her listed debts include $500,000 for attorney fees and costs for Jose Baez, her criminal defense lawyer during the trial; $145,660 for the Orange County Sheriff's office for investigative fees and costs; $68,540 for the Internal Revenue Service for taxes, interest and penalties; and $61,505 for the Florida Department of Law Enforcement for court costs."Regardless if you think she's guilty or not of the money she owes, I think she should only owe the attorney fees and taxes........The rest of the cost is on the sheriffs office and FDLEAbsolutely ridiculous if she gets paid off murdering her child. I will NEVER watch or read or buy this trash.

Stern said this morning Casey Anthony was pregnant. Stern is more than likely quoting some rag but it would be interesting.

If she does sell her story I sure hope no one watches the movie or reads the book...

She should agree to be naked-waterboarded on pay tv for a fee of one million dollars.People would pay to see that.  The money should be used to pay off her debts.  She should be a allowed to keep up $1000 of anything left, and the remainder should go to a charity that helps abused children.   She should not be allowed to wear clothes again-ever

Title of book " How I got away with KILLING my beautiful innocent daugther" I wouldn't by #$%$ from that CHILD KILLER!

"How I got rid of my child WITHOUT aborting her" or "Why the Florida judicial system is a joke, and I'm the one laughing." Price- 2 S&amp;H Green Stamps or 4 Blue Chip Stamps or 1 of each and a coupon good for a 2 for 1 entree at Mr. Chows.

Now she wants to write a book,thats why shes out and about now ,absolutely no book deal she should be living on the street where she belongs, she's a MURDERER like OJ, why are we still hearing about this piece of #$%$?

Why can't she work? Pay off her debts like the rest of us who haven't killed our children? If she knew that someones was responsible then why didn't she state that at trial? This is BS

I will not be watching or buying anything about this woman's life!!! Her child didn't have a choice to be helped, so why would anyone help her get out of debt.

Disgusting piece of human trash....lawyers want to get paid and she wants money. Please do not buy or watch anything that she is involved with. Remember a child died because of this storyI don't want to see herlife story, I want to see her "death story".. Now that I would pay for..

#$%$ this POS!

anybody that buys her book, or contributes one cent to her bank account, is no better than she is.  and i hope that the members of that jury are haunted by what they did for the rest of their lives.

She needs to just disappear!   Forever!!  Her lawyers should join her.

lets see....we are supposed to buy a murder's book in order to pay her legal fees? hellll nooooo. and no wonder why shes broke. no one wants to hire her murdering #$%$.

"If she knew who the murderer was for example, that would be huge. That would be the biggest news story of the year."Um, is there any doubt in anyone's mind that she knows who the murderer was?

I hope and pray that the judge does not let her sell her story to anyone.She needs to be punished like anyone else that break the laws. She only wants the money because then she won't have to get out and work like everyone else to pay their bills.Let her lawyers find her a job and let her work and pay them off. When they took her case they should have know how she had plan on paying them.I for one would not read her book if she was giving them away.I hope and pray she never gets to write one word for anykind of book.Let her get a real JOB.

Wasn't she found to be innocent by a jury of her peers in a court of law?

Money hungry people will buy her story and she she'll just smile and laugh inside because she got her way..... Stupid *****!!!!

"If she knew who the murderer was for example, that would be huge. That would be the biggest news story of the year."Of course she knew who the murderer was, after all, I'm assuming she looks in the mirror on a daily basis and sees the murderer's reflection gazing right at her!  The only value a book of her life story would have is as a trash bag liner!If she was found not guilty, which is the real crime, why does the court costs fall on to her?

Only 12 people will buy the book--those moron jurors that set her free...

I have an idea. Let her work a REAL job and pay her damn debts like the rest of us. The most hated woman in America. IS there anyone who feels sorry for this woman?

Publish the story; hopefully nobody buys it.

Thanks....

I think there is a big audience for me to tell the truth about the people who abused and harassed my daughters verbally and sexually.

This woman needs help. I really can't be that mad at an insane person, because there is really nothing you can do there.

I get up, do nothing but whine to my friends, then go to bed. That's my life. Now give me 1 billion dollars.

OH BOY !! A Casey Anthony story ? I think my dog left that in the yard when I let him out this morning :-P

how in the world, could she possibly owe the IRS that much money, the loser clearly didnt work to take care of her beautiful daugher so why would she owe that money...even w/ some work and not paying taxes cant amount to that much w/ penalties and fees...just sayn...she's an IDIOT anyway !Who Would Help Support Her???????

They should know that's what happens when you invest in a liar. Such a sad story, rest in peace little Caylee.

And people say OJ got away with murder

I would never buy it! And I will go one step further, I will never buy another book from who ever publishes it!

Let the baby killing B*&amp;#h starve ... it's more than she deserves!!!

come on people we all know the justice system works?????????????????? i wonder????

Pathetic.From the beginning  her attorneys were aware that she was indigent, they were out there enjoying the media attention well aware they would not be paid. Personally I don't care if she has to go underground for the rest of her miserable life.

Perhaps we will get to the burning question of was this all pure obsession or a cover up for worse things....as fascinating as I am,  some of you are very interesting as well!

It's all about her, she doesn't give a #$%$ about her dead daughter. What a piece of #$%$.

Any judge who allows this should be shot and dismembered. Not necessarily in that order.I write well and I am better in person...you'll be seeing me around....good to see you scrambling so hard...

I hope this cold blooded monster finds a nice bridge to live under and may she rot there.

some old enemies who losers?

I came for the comments.

She should live like a pauper and a beggar...at least she is living.....her daughter is NOT.....

Let's see.....she writes a book on how she got away with killing her baby, made a fool of 12 jurors, and doesn't see a day in prison.  The plan is to make money from her lies that will pay off her debts and compensate her for murder, she can go on her happy way for the rest of her life; yeah, that sounds like the good old American  way and judicial system.  Let's protect her, better than she protected her baby.  Wow! now that makes sense!

If anyone is so curious to read the lies that Casey will spew AGAIN... Please consider reading the book by checking it out at the library.

I'll just go along with all the political stupidity on here....Obama should buy it. Okay I'm done.

why pay to her to hear her story, to hear her lie again???

Make her lazy, worthless #$%$ spend the next 20 years stripping to pay back some of the money. That's all she's good for anyway.Wait !!! wasnt she banging Baez ??? That should be payment enough... My guess is that neither her or her parents have anything more to sell ,, since they made that deal with Satan to find 12 tards for a jury and set all of them free legally ...I hope that the Antony's live to be 100 and every single night they are haunted with the face of Caylee as they placed her in the swamp with all the trash ...

What the hell does she owe the IRS for?

Porn star

Man I hope NO ONE buys her shoddy bull**** book. I also hope no one will forget what she did until the day she dies. Evil witch murdering an innocent baby and trying to benefit from it.

If this woman really didn't kill her daughter, she wouldn't be able to go on and live with herself - without being completely vulnerable and humble. SHE IS NEITHER. She's a failure.

Sadly, there would be MANY people that would buy this garbage! AND, when that attorney agreed to defend her, where did he THINK he was going to get his money? Come on, he KNEW she didn't have money so he did the job for the 15 minutes of fame. I consider him, PAID IN FULL!!! He got exactly what he asked for!!!

She was acquitted of murder charges, so she can sell the rights if she wants...but who would believe a word of her fake story? She has lied about everything from the beginning of this sad case, so it would just be more lies in print.  This woman is a lost cause.

That is crazy!!! How are you going to use your dead daughter to make money!!!! She is a sick person....

Oh please! She is a sociopath and pathological liar. If she has not been truthful now what makes them think she will be truthful in telling her life story. There is nothing to say except  she got away with murdering a child.

let her rot in hell - not one cent and who ever publishes her story should rot in hell with herI hope  that Jose Baez never sees another cent.  He's already made money from this case.  His reptilian smirk was on HLN last night, mouthing off  about Jodi Arias  the " victim".The man has no scruples at all.    He's the sort that gives lawyers a bad name...He knew going in that she had no money, so if he wasn't  court appointed and already paid, he morally had no expectation of making his normal fee. If he did it pro bono,  then someone should explain what pro bono means   to him.  For  the  good,  not   for as much as I can get exploiting  it afterwards...A child is dead, has he forgotten that?

The answer should be NO! She should not make money from murdering her baby! And really what story? the same BS Biaz told in court blaming her father?  Her plan all along was to wait a few years and then try to collect on murdering her baby. Getting rid of her wasn't enough now she needs to make money from it.  I wouldn't spend 1 thin dime on her lies.  Casey, go hang yourself.

I will not support her... no money from me

She won't tell the truth even if you paid her!!!

She does not deserve to make money from her story.  She could not tell the truth then and now will be no different, just lies and more partying.  People need to stop feeling sorry for her and use their money elsewhere.  She does not deserve free handouts.

She would have better luck selling her body instead of her story!!! F'ing murderer....

I honestly cannot think of anything she could say that would make me want to buy it; not even if she told what really did happened to her daughter.

Well, if they write a true story about how she threw herself off of a cliff, I'll buy a copy.

I say put her story to auction and then no one bid above $5.00 which I still feel is to much and then take the rights to the story and just bury them so she never can make money off if it. If she was really not guilty and telling her side was so important  she had plenty of time to do so. The truth is,  a little girl  is gone  and her mother still doesn't care.   I don't see why people would want to exploit the child so her mother and lawyers could make money.

Either way it's a win-win situation for a child killer.  "Let's help her all we can" seems to be the mantra here.if this #$%$ makes 1 dollar off her story I will have lost all faith in this country.

Im just curious how if she was found innocent why is she having to pay for $145,660 for the Orange County Sheriff's office for investigative fees and costs and $61,505 for the Florida Department of Law Enforcement for court costs. This should be charged to the State Lawyers for losing a slam dunk case. Idiots

What is really sad is she dresses and looks like she has alot more money now than she did when she killed her daughter.  Not looking so bankrupt if you ask me!  People don't buy anything that might help this witch out!

I guess you don't get payed much for murdering your child?

I guess it would be alright if you are the type who will spend money to read lies. There is a difference in reading fiction and lying murderers false accounts..

I have a solution for her problems - it's called the Electric chair!

Her story? She killed her daughter, got away with the killing with the help of a jury full of tards - - end of story! I refuse to buy anything to help this waste of life.

God is the judge.

LET HER BURN IN HELL---------BROKE

I think I better dance...I write better though!If she must tell her story, then Casey will have to pay me for listening to a murderer's story. I'll go wait by the mailbox.

I only clicked on the article because I want to write a comment.  NO DEAL!!  Not ONE penny should be given to this waste of space of life. Work is a foreign word to this drain on society. She wants the easy way out like always. There are, apparently, always those people who are ready to provide it to her.  Unbelievable and idiotic.

vicious stalkers need the subject dead to tell their stories....I want everyone alive so they can read every word

Is there NO end to this woman... she gets off for the death of her little girl, and now wants to "sell" HER side of the story !  WOW, didn't she already do that?  and WHO did murder that darling little girl? I hope no one reads anything from her.

I doubt she would ever tell the truth of what really happened.

if the evil are rewarded, then so can the just be rewarded!

I hope she can pay off everything, maybe Obama can give her some free stuff and bail her out.I love the morons that still think she is a murder when the system says other wise.Need to get OVER IT.  You really think our system let a murder go. NOT!Our system may put Innocent  people in jail but never let a murder go.Media put her in jail and let the real murder GO.

I hope they realize that anyone who publishes her #$%$' will face protests at every site where the book is sold or distributed...she is the #$%$ of the Earth. People do not forget such heinous acts and she will get her justice someday...and I hope I am around to witness it.

already out to make the bucks, even after she gets off scott free for killing her daughter she still wants to make money out of her get away with murder story! HER AND WHO EVER AGREES TO THIS  MAY THEY ROT IN HELL!

I got a clean bill of health and look forward to future earnings...This is disgusting!  How dare they even think to allow this.  It's not like the story would even be the truth.  It was buried with that poor innocent little girl that was thrown away like trash.  If she can't find a job maybe she should change her name and move somewhere else.  The lawyers knew she didn't have any money when they defended her lying #$%$ so they can eat the cost now.  I am sure they are not hurting for it!  And if they allow this, who's to say it won't happen again to some other kid, so the person can get a pay day later on down the road.  So wrong it is shameful!

"Anthony has never told her side of the story....." HELLO?? She has told about 10 different versions of 'her story'

She is very HOT, good enough to land playboy...will pay debt off quickly

I would pay only to see her dead!

and she continues living off the system - and the friggin' judge will probably go along; they're all a-holes.

The whole jury who served in her trial needs to be locked up for releasing her back into society. She needs to be serving a life sentance without parole. She is a baby killer and pure trash.

I say let her stay in debt go get a job the slimy be@tch is worthless as any type of life form you could even think up to me she's like whale #$%$  and thats at the bottom of the sea out of site out of  mind            P.S. take Kim k with her

No way!!!!!!!

Why dont she just start be a #$%$???

will she reveal the "real" story or the manufactured one in her head?i wonder if the little girl comes to her in her dreams and asks why?I'm sure she's all whiny and "I can't find a job" and whatnot. This is all about the attorney's getting their legal fees paid. Let her rot.

HELL NO !!!!!!    That would be rewarding her for murdering her own child

She is hot and she could read me her story while I'm entering her

What piece of #$%$ person would buy the book or watch the story? You would have to be a lesser life form.

Here let me write your daughter's story. Hi my name is Caylee. I am not alive today because my mom killed me. It was really the end for me when I was born to such a selfish, self absorbed  lying woman. I lived for a short time The End.

She needs to get a JOB to pay her debt. Nobody cares about buying a book about her pathetic self!!!!

...uhh, everyone knows her story already.

What's going to be the title, "The Truth Doesn't Matter"?

Where are all her partying friends now?  People so important before the body was found,  that danced while supposedly wondering where her baby was? ...,,

i will never watch/buy/read anything this thing publishes just to try and get money to pay for her fines and bankruptcy? no thanks #$%$ you're on your ownEven if she told her life story, it would only be lies, you couldn't believe anything she said. Nothing would be the truth. This B _ _ _ _ got away with murder. She needs to get a job and work for a living like everybody else.

Watch Oprah pick it up.

Sadly, as long as we continue to read these articles and post comments, the "news" is never going to leave this girl alone. She was found NOT guilty. Let her rebuild her life in peace.

Who cares if she can't pay her bills!  She has never contributed anything in this society, but only chose to murder her beautiful child.  Her attornery Baze saw dollar figures before she was set free!  How can these idiots that are supporting her live with know Kaylee suffered death by the hand of a selfish killer for a Mother!

i don't give a #$%$ about her or her life story. please stop putting her in the news. the only life i care about in this whole situation is the life of her child that she murdered. stop plastering this child murderer's face on the media!!!!!

There is no story this devil can tell us other than the truth we already know.

She could work at the Mustang Ranch, nobody else will hire her

Am I being too vindictive when I say that I hope something bad happens to her in THIS life?

I saw the Casey Anthony movie on lifetime ONLY to understand how a dirty bird like Casey Anthony could get away with murder and how the prosecution f'ed up a slam dunk case.Baez is a used car salesman. He did not have the grace as Johnnie Cochran did when Cochran got OJ off. That and the jury was a bunch of idiots...that's really all I got from that movie.

Worst mother ever in mankind history, first kills her kid, then makes a profit of it.Let's see, kill your kid then get rich, wow, only in America

that's hellastupid.

No one care a rats #### about her or her life , she is a #$%$ bag and should get out and work to pay her debt back

$10,000?  I would think that her story would go for a lot more than that

Who cares about this #$%$-bag piece of murdering trash...hang the B&amp;%$#....

The first time (verdict) was a total injustice.   I hope there isn't a second time.   Tell her to get a job and her lawyers can garnish her wages.... That would in effect be a life sentence for lead attorney Baez.   He took the case knowingly (and probably figured the $ would role in later) can suffer along with her.

let her rot in poverty....life as she  knows it is over.

so who cares? i wouldn't give her one red cent. who  gets paid for getting away with murder?

Just what everyone is waiting for a pathetic low life telling us more lies. NOT INTERESTED

What would it matter if she writes "her" side of the story. She's a known liar and has fabricated everything having to do with her daughter's death. Whatever she comes up with WON'T be the truth.