They should have done what Iceland did and just started tossing the banksters into prison.

Follow Iceland's example! Default and jail the politicians that have signed you on to the multinational bankers' debt!

As the old saying goes....."He what got's the 'Geld', makes the rules"....!

I think the German's have a valid concern about the Russians. On the other hand, the consequence of their unusual action may (who can really tell at this stage) be even worse. It will be very interesting to see how this plays out.

Now all the Russian billionaires will pull their money next. Excuse us for the end of communism. Grab a shovel.

The Great Cyprus Bank Robbery Shows That No Bank Account, No Retirement Fund And No Stock Portfolio Is Safe

The Cyprus Event will eventually land in the laps of depositors in the United States.Got Gold?Got Guns?Got Groceries?

no, simply because they haven't been out of a crisis except in the media's mind.

British citizens vacationing in Cyprus for long, can start getting back to work.

I see it as a pyramid scheme as each country gets bailed out, sooner or later they will run out of money. I need a bailout pyramid scheme that is. Printing more money to pay debt doesn't matter now days. Just do it, why suffer, print your way to prosperity. Ohh yeah you need your own currency to do that. One world currency will never work in that case.Duetschland Duetschland Uber Alles==Here they come again!!!!!

It won't bring it down, but it is a terminal disease and it is only a matter of time.

Tax the freakin offshore accounts at 20 percent... problem solved.. close down Russia money laundering shell business fronts... Russia has threatened to call loans on Cyprus... make that repayment..in Russian deposits...let the Cypriots have their hostage held country free of RUSSIAN FINANCIAL INVASION.

Europe get out of the euro

Is this an attack on the Russians, by the Germans?

Good for them... Cyprus is a safe haven for international crooks and no doubt countless Greek millionaires, that claim to be poor as church mice, have stashed accounts in Cyprus.It's fitting that they and thieving Russian Oligarchs might finally be required to pay a 10% tax!I think I'd confiscate all funds over $1 Million Euros unless the holder can show the legitimate source of those funds.

Wake up and smell the socialism europe!

Tax on deposit?  I Think I will withdraw everything.  You can go rob someone else.  Thank you.

Could the loan of the 2.5 Billion two years ago﻿ by Russian Banks made to Cyprus have been a﻿ PAYOFF so the Money Laundering Continues???

...send in the Wehrmacht...For such a relatively small amount of money they have probably done hundeds of billions or more of damage to the world economy and varying loss of trust in banks and the entire financial system.

Every one of these F'n problems are caused by the politicians that can't keep their hands out of the cookie jar! Stop spending money you don't have! If a bank goes under and fails, so be it!

There is a good reason my great grandmother kept her money in jars and cans.  We all thought she was dirt poor until she died.  She had over $300,000 SILVER DOLARS from before 1964, jars full of steal pennies, cans full of Silver Certificates and Gold Certificates, and boxes full of silver ingots.  The Gold Certificates sold for at least three times their printed value and the Silver Certificates did almost as good.

And we used to laugh at that uncle who kept all his money hidden in and around his house. He was on to something.

pay tax on bank depositor?authoritarian govt only would take such move!!!what happen to eu?mixing too much with north korea.

Considering that large gas fields have been discovered along the Cypriot coast lines, there should be no problem finding the money to repay the debt.

Good Bye Cyprus! Hello Cayman Islands Lol

Fk Germans!

See how the Cypriot banks collapse when the Russians pull their billions. Where will the Russians park their money next? Syria perhaps?

Why do so many people have problems with the idea that people should take responsibility for themselves? The Europeans want to give the Cypriots 13 billion dollars, and they want them to raise less than 6 billion. Why shouldn't the Cypriots be held accountable for letting their economy screw up? Is it because if they are held responsible, then everyone else should be also? After Cyprus, then Spain, then Italy, then France, then the US...Everyone is facing the same problem, and the moneywagon is about to stop coming around. Either everyone needs to pay their debts, or everyone needs to default, and reset the world economy. Either way, people taking responsibility for letting this mess happen in the first place would be a good start. And by people, I mean everyone in every country who voted or didn't vote, and allowed their politicians to be corrupted and bought by special interests which are also originally created and controlled by you and I...