If Muslims can't get along with each other (and we know they can't), what makes anyone think they can get along with the rest of us?

Cal......They did not do so in their name of their god.....These below were all MUSLIMS killing in the name of the accursed MUHAMMAD!2013.03.16 	Pakistan 	Landhi 	1 	0 	Sipah-e-Sahaba shoot a handicapped #$%$ to death at a market.2013.03.15 	Iraq 	Baiji 	9 	2 	Nine Iraqis are massacred at point blank range by Mujahid gunmen.2013.03.15 	Iraq 	Baqubah 	4 	0 	al-Qaeda gunmen invade a home, tie a man and his three sons up and execute them in cold blood.2013.03.15 	Israel 	Ariel 	0 	5 	Two brutal rock attacks by Arabs leave a baby severely injured. Other victims include her two sisters, ages 6 and 4.2013.03.14 	Nigeria 	Gwoza 	1 	0 	A civilian is killed during a raid on a prison by 'Allah Akbar' shouting gunmen, shortly after they prayed at a mosque.2013.03.14 	Iraq 	Baghdad 	24 	57 	A coordinated Fedayeen attack on a government building leaves two dozen dead.2013.03.13 	Afghanistan 	Kunduz 	10 	10 	A Fedayeen bomber self-detonates at a polo game, killing at least ten spectators.2013.03.13 	India 	Srinagar 	5 	7 	Islamic terrorists throw grenades into an Indian camp, killing five security personnel.2013.03.13 	Pakistan 	Orangi Town 	1 	0 	A female social worker is murdered by Religion of Peace gunmen.2013.03.13 	Nigeria 	Borno 	2 	0 	A woman is among two people murdered in their own homes by Boko Haram.2013.03.12 	Nigeria 	Kano 	0 	4 	Four teachers at a primary school are shot by Boko Haram.2013.03.12 	Pakistan 	Saddar 	3 	18 	A Fedayeen suicide bomber takes out five people.2013.03.12 	Pakistan 	Bannu 	4 	16 	A father and son on their way home are taken out by a remote-controlled bomb. Two of the injured later die in the hospital.2013.03.11 	Iraq 	Dibis 	5 	165 	A Shahid suicide bomber detonates next to a girl's school, killing at least five.2013.03.10 	Afghanistan 	Badakhshan 	2 	0 	Two local cops are murdered by religious extremists.2013.03.10 	Nigeria 	Jama'are 	7 	0 	Ansaru Islamists summarily execute seven 'Christian' hostages.2013.03.10 	Thailand 	Pattani 	1 	0 	A 52-year-old woman is shot in the head by Islamic 'insurgents' while returning from a trip to the market.2013.03.10 	Thailand 	Pattani 	1 	1 	A 50-year-old villager is gunned down by Muslim terrorists outside a mosque.2013.03.10 	Nigeria 	Dakata 	5 	3 	Five Christians are shot to death by Islamic extremists while returning home from church.2013.03.10 	Syria 	Harasta 	1 	9 	Terrorists fire on a bus carrying kindergarteners, killing at least one child.2013.03.10 	Pakistan 	Landi Kotal 	1 	3 	A 4-year-old girl bleeds out after radicals detonate a bomb outside a rival mosque.2013.03.10 	Dagestan 	Buinaksk 	1 	0 	A healer is shot several times in his own home by militant Islamists.2013.03.09 	Pakistan 	Peshawar 	6 	28 	Six worshippers are ripped apart by a bomb placed inside a Barelvi (Sufi) mosque.2013.03.09 	Afghanistan 	Khost 	9 	2 	Eight children are among nine innocents shredded by a Fedayeen suicide bomber.2013.03.09 	Pakistan 	Lahore 	0 	35 	A Muslim mob rampages through a Christian neighborhood, burning more than 100 homes and injuring three dozen.2013.03.09 	Dagestan 	Izberbash 	1 	0 	Islamic separatists shoot a Russian judge to death.2013.03.09 	Afghanistan 	Kabul 	9 	13 	A suicide bomber on a bicycle pedals to paradise, taking nine others with him.2013.03.08 	India 	Tangmarg 	1 	0 	A man is abducted from his home and shot to death by Islamic terrorists.2013.03.08 	Iraq 	Tikrit 	5 	2 	A family of five is slaughtered in their home by Sunni 'insurgents'.2013.03.08 	Thailand 	Narathiwat 	0 	1 	At least one child is hit when Muslim 'insurgents' spray a playground with gunfire.2013.03.08 	Iraq 	Samarrah 	5 	4 	al-Qaeda gunmen murder five Iraqis on the street.2013.03.07 	China 	Korla 	5 	7 	At least one Muslim goes on a stabbing spree, killing five people in a suspected sectarian attack on Han.

Egypt acts like they have clean hands.  What is the Muslim Brotherhood doing to Coptic Christians?

I am sure sure that Morsi, from the Islamic Muslim Brotherhood, will go out of his way to protect Christians. And our President just sent Morsi $250 million dollars of taxpayer money.Maybe a note accompanied the $250 million that said something like " Mohammed, try not to use any of this money or arms to kill Christians. It would make me look bad. LOL. Thank you. Your friend, Barack"

A Jewish man was riding on the subway reading a Middle East Arabic newspaper.A friend of his, who happened to be riding in the same subway car, noticed and angrily called out, "Moshe, have you lost your mind?"Why are you reading an Arabic newspaper?"Moshe replied: "I used to read Jewish newspapers, but what did I find? Jews being persecuted worldwide , Israel being attacked, Jews disappearing through assimilation and intermarriage, Jews living in poverty. So I switched to the Arabic newspaper. Now what do I find? Jews own all the banks, Jews control the media, Jews are all rich and powerful, Jews rule the world."Ahhh... The Arabic news is so much better!".

The radical islamist "rebels" that many in NATO (including 0bama administration without Congressional authorization) supported with arms and air support now control much of the country (including Benghazi and much of Eastern Libya), and now they are rounding up Christians from Egypt and torturing them. (They also killed 4 Americans including Ambassador Christopher Stevens on 9/11/12.)"Tensions flared following the death of a Coptic Christian from Egypt who was detained in Libya on suspicion that he was spreading Christianity in the Muslim nation. ... his family alleges he was tortured to death.  Two other detainees, who are among an estimated 50 Egyptian Christians detained in Libya on suspicion of proselytizing, told The Associated Press in interviews after their release that they were tortured in a detention center run by a powerful militia in eastern Libya. The two said they were rounded up in a market by gunmen who checked their right wrists for tattoos of crosses. They said that during four days of detention they were flogged, forced to take off their clothes in cold weather and stand at 3 a.m. outdoors on a floor covered with stones. Libya's government relies on militias to serve as security forces since its police and military remain in shambles following the 2011 civil war that ousted Moammar Gadhafi from power."

Could it be that our 250 mill was to also pay for a payback.

It's time Christians all over the world stand up together and fight back against these Muslims that only want to kill all non-muslims.

There is nothing complicated about a Muslim nation. They will not tolerate any form of opposition to Islam. They will use any means to win and will deceive anyone to obtain their goal.

Another third world country heard from. The muslim's will continue to spread hate and discontent until WW3 is here. Then they'll hide like the cowards they are, until another opportunity presents itself. It will never end - until there is an end.

Let them kill each other, they're doing a great job of it already!!  What I find disgusting however, is that Egyptian protesters are rioting because a Coptic Chrisitan was killed and others tortured in Lybia.  While at the same time, these Egyptians are rioting, burning and basically making life HELL for the Christians who live in Egypt!!!  AND Lybia is doing the same thing to Christians that live in Lybia!  They're burning down Christian neighborhoods, Churchs, cars, and stores owned by ChristiansObummer's muzzie brothers torturing christians, nothing unusual in that.

We can all be thankful that we do not have to live in the middle east, with these harsh and uncivilized people.

YEAH! Ain't it great we killed Q-daffy? The Brotherhood people so much more represents our principals.

By all means lets support the overthrow of another country by the Muslim Brotherhood, it has worked out so well in Libya and Egypt. We need to do the same thing for Syria, right Senator McCain?

"They said that during four days of detention they were flogged, forced to take off their clothes in cold weather and stand at 3 a.m. outdoors on a floor covered with stones."This is the religion that demands tolerance in the USA and western Europe? I would tell them to show some before they get some. I am religiously very open and tolerant, even to atheists, but you have a moral problem with a religion that specifically wants to destroy or subjugate all others as an article of faith and devotion.

What make me mad after all these incident, muslims here in the west specially converts will still insist that that islam is peaceful and tolerant toward other religion and non muslims. Why  don't they go to islamic country like Libya and Pakistan and preach their kind of islam and see what will happen to them.

why is it the first thing they do to the abductees is an*lly probe them?

thanks for freeing our people USA and thanks for giving us Ghaddafi to gun down like a dog in the streets. Now we burn your flag. Maybe we should stop giving Libya foreign aid

Well it seems the Libyans learned the lesson from the US embassy attacks--Too bad OWEbumble is too stupid to learn!!

So much for a revolution. Egypt's new rulers are as blind and out of touch as its old ones."the Muslim call to prayer was "one of the prettiest sounds on Earth."-barrack hussein owebama

Pretty sure these are the guys that President Obama helped to win Libya for. You know those 'moderate' and 'peaceful' Muslim that you can trust.......Each American Cruise Missile fired at Kdaffi was only a $495,000 cost to the tax payer.

every time you read libya, egypt, syria, palestinian, iran, yamen. you know its bad news, nothing good comes of these animals.

Glad we helped Libya get all that freedom!  Look at all the good it's doing!  When will we ever learn??!

great Obama give Egypt money while they persecute Christians on a regular basis.

islam is such a weak religion that it is terrified of any other faiths. That is why they murder and destroy anything and anyone who might not agree with them.Most muslims know that if given a choice a great many would defect. Why else would it be a crime to speak about another faith in most "muslim" lands?

Shouldn't kill Christs children,no good will come from that!

Attacking Christians must be part of Islam!  They do what they are taught.  No love for mankind in Islam.

There will be no more Egyptian economy once the Coptic Christians leave, like most of the Jews did, then the Muslim Brotherhood will start killing each other until there's none of them left....

How could we ever expect Muslims to like us when they don't even like each other?Will the rest of the world ever grow up?

Check and mate obama.

Egyptian foreign minister is lying &amp; he knows it.Stop persecuting the innocent christians for no reason at all.Let whoever wants to be christian be christian &amp; whoever chooses by himself only to be muslim be muslim ;what are you afraid of ; the holy cross or what?

Do you think Hose-knee would have let this happen?

The US shd encourage Libya to act kinder to Christians by doubling whatever billions of $'s we are already giving them.  Hey; let's do the same to Egypt while we're at it.  We can afford it!

The USA should probably stay way over here so you can do your thing. Yeah, we will just stay waaay over here. We'll call you. China's on the other line; need to pay them first.

Arab Spring with OOOXXXX, thank you Barock the great uniter, I see another Nobel Piece Prize, don't you?

What are ya'll crying about?  You won't know tears until your embassy is sacked, your fellow citizens murdered by a mob and your ape president lies then ignores the entire affair but insist on sending hundreds of millions of your dollars to the offending country despite the call from congress to suspend any aid until an investigation is complete.  When this happens feel free to cry.

Pretty smart those Libyan's. Closing their diplomatic office at the first sign of trouble. I guess they learned from watching what happened to those idiotic Americans.

we just gave  a billion dollar aid to Egypt and guess what Christians are getting massacred. fckgmooslinesQuick, let's send both sides piles of cash..that always calms them down for a bit.

Muslim definition for "death": anything not Muslim....enough said

Deputy Sheriff (Retired)  U.S.M.C. (Combat Disabled American Veteran)I AM AN AMERICAN I HAVE FREEDOM OF SPEECH.  I CAN SAY WHAT I WANT!  ESPECIALLY IF THEY ARE ALLOWED TOO DO THE SAME! THIS IS THE REPUBLIC OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA NOT THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION OR THE ESTABLISHMENT OF THE UNITED STATES!It should be no secret by now that all muslims have an evil agenda...  They can burn our American flag, Burn our Holy Bible, They can and do murder people in the name of their religion.  They Murder, torture, rape (Men and Women), behead, and hang your body off a bridge while you are burnt alive.... All in the name of their god and religion.  If we burned their flag, or burned their Quran they would seek revenge by kidnaping an American and then torture, rape, and murder him or her, or... they would commit a terrorist attack killing hundreds of Americans.  And they would do it all in the name of their god and the Quran.  They also would start a proxy war in the name of their god if we burned their flag or Quran.  I can hear it now... "Death to all Americans... Jihad... Holy War! Holy War! Jihad! Jihad!"BUT BY GOD... FORBID... IF ONE OF US AMERICAN SOLDIERS OR A CIVILIAN #$%$ ON THEIR DEAD BODIES, GOD FORBID IF ONE OF US AMERICANS BURNS THEIR FLAG OR BURNS THEIR QURAN IN PUBLIC!  I am retired now and because of my status i wasn't permitted to voice my opinion before.  Well I am voicing my opinion now!  I am a Christian man and always have been.  More Christians need to wake up and start acting and fighting back.  There's nothing in the Holy Bible that says all Christians should be so passive to the point that they are murdered.  As a matter of fact God and Jesus said that we Christians should try to avoid conflict, turn the other cheek, and try to reason... But God and Jesus never intended for Christians to sit back and do nothing or be murdered.  God and Jesus have said that it is necessary to protect yourself, to arm yourself, and as a last resort rise up and fight or even go to war.  I think as Americans we have all tried to turn our cheek, be passive, and we have tried to negotiate with our enemies overseas, and here at home.It's time to fight back.  It's time for all Christian Americans to rise up and fight back!  We need to flood our State Representatives Offices with letters and the Presidents Office too.  You need to stand up for your rights just as they have done.  We need to have peaceful Demonstrations on the lawn of our State Capitol's and the Lawn of the White House or Capitol.  Our Voices need to be heard by the Millions.  The time of passiveness and turning the other cheek is over.  The time of bickering over who's religion or denomination is the right one is over!  What matters is that we all have a common belief which is why we have freedom of religion!  We are a Republic of the United States Of America and this Country was built and founded on Christian values and beliefs!  It was in all of our ForeFathers words.  It's in and on our Constitution, our Declaration Of Independence, and Our Bill Of Rights.  If your a Christian Man... be a Christian Man!  It's time to stand up for what is right!  It's time to act!  It's time for all of us to come together and fight back. With our words, money, and public demonstrations.  Below is just one of the many quotes from our forefathers.Let us with caution indulge the supposition that morality can be maintained without religion. Reason and experience both forbid us to expect that national morality can prevail in exclusion of religious principle.George WashingtonIf we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God, then we will be a nation gone under.Ronald Reagan

And, all congratulations goes to London, Paris and Washington! Great job, morons!!!....(and Colonel is smiling from heaven!...)

Thanks to the Obama administration and their blind support to the Muslim brotherhood, being a non muslim in the Middle East has become a CRIME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Welcome to the Islamist Spring

You do not go to a country who chose to live in the deep past again and flash your cross around!

$250 million US TAXPAYER FUNDS SENT TO the morsi pig

This is what the demonazi party has created."the party of murderers"

Libya is the same dirthole it always was.  I'm done with these sanddiggers.Send your Easter cards to Obama and Hillary thanking them for the religious freedom you have. Christians are being murdered in all these islamic countries daily.

when will islamists learn the virtues of tolerance and compassion

Should we detain, torture and kill Moslems preaching in this country?

Lybia's embassy is threatened, so they take steps to protect it. What a novel idea.

Enough of B,S .

A Muslim Brotherhood hoodlum to "address the mistreatment of Christians" ? Get real !!!

Bring back Kadhaffi...

This is exactly what the Brotherhood wants in Egypt too. The brotherhood have suppressed the Christians in Egyp during their last election. It is so shameful that people die because they believe in Christ. It is why God set forth that all Muslim nations will fester on themselves into destruction. All because of their sins and hatred towards humanity.

"F" morons.......lets just stop wasting money on these #$%$

Muslims and Christians really need to put their respective and competing 3-year-old Velveteen Rabbit *Holy* books away, take the pacifiers out of their mouths, and start acting like they are grown up people.They are embarrassing the whole of humanity, when each group is claiming and killing the other group's members, in the name of being the *true* speaker on behalf of *the creator of the universe.*All people who believe in Stone Age-derived superstitions do these mindless nonsense; but Muslims and Christians are the most blissful, most violent, most ardent and enthusiastic in the act of throwing themselves into these orgies of killing, burning, and counter killing and burning... of each other, each acting like savages but screaming, like total idiots, how honorable, awsome, and holy and moral their acts are and how their Velveteen Rabbit creator is always sitting in THEIR CORNER of the room.It's  nauseatingly embarrassing.Once again the idiotic rebels bite the hand that feeds them. Libya was always reliant on guest workers to actually keep its economy going. Before the war in 2011 there were 1,5 million guest workers, many of them Egyptian, who not only worked in the oil industry but did all the daily services like garbage collecting, street cleaning, construction etc. which the native population was just too lazy to do. The new government hasn't released numbers of current guest workers but after incidents like these they will continue to drop and eventually wreck the Libyan economy.

When has there ever been an outbreak of anti-Muslim violence within a Christian country?

We wasted billions of taxpayer's money for funding a useless revolution that only installed Islamist regimes in Libya, Egypt, etc..and what's next? Syria? No wonder other nations called us the Great Satan due to the fact that we meddle with other nation's problems and let others join the foray. Obummer and his lackeys should rethink the consequence of playing a hero in that chaotic region.

R I P EZZAT ATALLA MARTYR OF CHRISTIANITY BY THE SAME COWARDS OF libya who attacked &amp; killed the AMERICAN EMBASSADOR &amp; 3 AMERICANS THE FINEST AS WELL W HIM.THAT IS BECAUSE WE HAVE A PRESIDENT WHO IS SUPPORTING THIS UGLY HATEFUL MENTALITY.&amp; NOURISHES IT BY BEING SILENT BLIND &amp; MUTE.......

Another fine mess from Obama~

mooslums use to get along when people like mubarik gadaffi and hussen were in charge it all started going down hill when that terrorist osama took charge of the arab spring.

Killing them

And we liberated the Libyans with our missiles, are we some kind of idiots ,America wake up Stop the politicians spend our tax dollars.

They are asking Mursi to defend Christians in Lybia while he persecutes them in Egypt with Sharia law...

Religion Bah!  enough saidmuslim's are dieing to get into get-moooo....

Yeah, little know fact.What they call in Islam "religious freedom" is the freedom to be of another faith IF:You never show your faith in public;You never rebuild your edifices;You never attempt to get new members;Else you can go to jail or even be executed.And those who leave Islam face a death penalty.No, no, Islam isn't a cult, really!

No Egyptian government controls these Protest, there is Excessive amount of protest in Egypt, always burning flags and torching embassies. It is becoming their tradition and this will make nations to leave their country and this will bring more fall to their economy.

Though shall not kill, does not apply to Moslems. Because they are killing for Mohamed.

Moslems should stay away from countries , like USA, canada and UK. , and go back to moslems countries.

When I serve in Iraq for 2 years I questioned my own religion.  Iraq the birth of Christianity where it all started.  If this is in fact true, why is it the higher power has let it go on for this long.  Has the humans not learned from its past.  To this day that part of the world continues to this kind of problem.  I wonder if religion did not take hold in our society would there be continued religion disparate.  Why those everyone else thinks there religion is better than theirs.  If religion were put in place so our society have some laws for us to follow that we have to answer to a much higher power I guess our society really does not care much.If there were a higher power and he continues to watch us if will ever change?  However, this has been going on for so long that time and time again we as human has shown that we are flawed society and will never change our ways.  If today is the end of the world I can see everyone will suddenly ask forgiveness for all of there sins.  We as humans will be the cause of our own extinction....

if you are a terrorist caught and send to guantanamo,american treat you very well like a special person rather than their own people who work for them

Gadafi was bad and had already what he was deserving. But the new rullers are worse terrorist killers

Here is the real story about Mohamed and Islam. Mohamed went one day to visit his adopted son (Zeid Ebn Alharethah), he found Zeid's wife alone and she did not cover herself properly as Mohamed was like her father. Anyways, Mohamed the old devil lusted after Zeinab and immediately wanted to have her for sex. So, Gebril (Islam's Angel) came up with a Quran Verse to allow Mohamed to have sex with Zeinab Bent Gahsh, his adopted son's wife. Not only this, in order to make this outrageous act legitimate, the Quran verse banned (cancelled) adoption. So the solution for the perverted Mohamed divinely came with two solutions that allowed him to have sex with his adopted son's wife and cancel adoption. Of course even Arabia inhabitants got the message and understood it very well, Aisha, Mohamed's favorite wife told Mohamed (I see that YOUR GOD, Hurries to Fulfill YOUR DESIRES).

That's cause Arabic Spring is not really a "Spring" its a political game that killed thousands. look at all Egypt,Tunisia,Libya,Yemen,Iraq and now Syria. Show me one example. Stop messing with people,stop messing with civilians, you politicians are going to hellI sure am glad to be an American. Sure we have some problems but at least people of all faiths, nationalities and races have figured out how to live together in peace. While there are clearly a wide variety of opinions and predjudices among us , the vast majority of people here have leaned to treat others with dignity and respect/

Nuke Cairo, that sh** hole.....

why we should treat muslim terrorist in their cell?we feed them well, check up the blood pressure, give medicine,why we should treat them well,in prison?

:|

Religion is for idiots.

ALL religion sucks including the poop opps! pope

I am not a christian but I have to say that this is a shame on Obamas administration by not supporting the Christians in muslims country such as in Egypt,

and all this because a religion. what a shame

The Christian of the West help the Muslim to get rid of the Chritian in Libya, Egypt, Syria ... It is such an irony

nuke emAs sophisticated as the middleast  politics can be and as complicated the conflict can be, we still have a very superficial thinker says "why can't people get a long" as an attempt to provide resolution to the conflict.  You can't understand what people go through until you go there and understand reality.  That is why lots of Journalists go to the middle-east and some actually get so touched by the Islamic faith and they convert.  Lets have a more in-depth understanding than just "muslims can't get a long with each other".

Kaddaffi is gone, I really thought that things would change once he was kicked out by the U.S . and all who supported his downfall. But its worse now , and wait to see what happen in Syria if Assad is removed . Its sad to say but the U.S , France and Britain are a bunch of hypocrites. They care less for human life just as most terrorist do. Look how we terrorize children in the womb. I mean we have legalized hit men who have killed 52 million babies but we feel its best to remove Saddam because he protected himself from a few thousand . America is going down Satan path to help bring in a new world order , and most American are so ignorant to the truth they rejoice in the transformation of from having values to having none whatsoever and then have the nerve to say God bless America . I dislike Obama's old pastor but he was correct when he said G,damn America. Because it has been damned by God . Just wait , we have not seen anything yet .

This is an absolute tragedy that gets little media attention, had it been 50 muslims detained, the likes of CNN would blare off about how muslims are being mistreated. Hey CNN staff, if you are reading this, this is a shout out to you to actually cover how Christians around the world are being tortured and killed everyday, any prime time special on that? NAH you'll just reserve that spot for the next muslim that gets offended at airport check in.

Have the Libyans arrested the MURDERS????.

Fanatic Muslims, must understand the days were they can continously persecute christians are LONG GONE. They barbaric behaviour WILL BE EXPOSED.

Long Live the COPTIC PEOPLE. Long Live CHRISTIANITY

The Libyan Embassy in Egypt should be taken over and turned into a CHURCH. Christians in Egyprt find it difficult to build a church. This is a good opportunity to to turn this evil place to a church

OK Obama we know that you are not a Christian, this is a fo sure thing, but really we do not know why you hate Christians that much. This can only be explained by the notion that you are really truly a Muslim. This news made Obama the Muslim in Chief's day! He is probably celebrating this event with his good for nothing John Kerry who wanted to preach democracy in the Middle east, and what they did is to instate the AlQaeda terrorists in Lybia, the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt and trying to push Alqaeda terrorists in Syria. Someone tells me HOW OBAMA THE CLOWN CLAIMS TO BE A CHRISTIAN??????????????

Sad the these people in Libya are killing people just because one becomes a moslem they are Holly and would get a free entry to haven, This is a plane stupidity.

Muhammad -is nothing but a slogan used to burn,occupied ,poison ,abducted since 12 century.... killing millions all over Europe.The Turkish Muslims was the most murderous in Balkans!      A Romanian Descent -On Saturday, Egypt's main opposition National Salvation Front issued a statement calling on Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi to do more to address the alleged mistreatment of Egyptian Christians in Libya.-----They are asking Mursi to defend Christians in Lybia while he persecutes them in Egypt

The Scriptures are very clear concerning a diabolical conspiracy by Jews to destroy the way of peace and enslave mankind. “And the Lord said unto me, A conspiracy is found among the men of Judah, and Among the Inhabitants of Jerusalem.” (Jeremiah 11:9)

'forced to take off their clothes in cold weather'It appears as if the libyans have learned these torture skills from americans at Guantanomo bay

why are we givining millions to egypt and cant let the school kids into the whitehouse somthing stinks

Ask me no questions and I will tell you no lies.

There are good muslims and bad muslims, so I say separate those bad ones and replace them in a hole of swamp slow dead

Here is the real story about Mohamed and Islam. Mohamed went one day to visit his adopted son (Zeid Ebn Alharethah), he found Zeid's wife alone and she did not cover herself properly as Mohamed was like her father. Anyways, Mohamed the old devil lusted after Zeinab and immediately wanted to have her for sex. So, Gebril (Islam's Angel) came up with a Quran Verse to allow Mohamed to have sex with Zeinab Bent Gahsh, his adopted son's wife. Not only this, in order to make this outrageous act legitimate, the Quran verse banned (cancelled) adoption. So the solution for the perverted Mohamed divinely came with two solutions that allowed him to have sex with his adopted son's wife and cancel adoption. Of course even Arabia inhabitants got the message and understood it very well, Aisha, Mohamed's favorite wife told Mohamed (I see that YOUR GOD, Hurries to Fulfill YOUR DESIRES).This adoption cancellation made huge problems even in nomadic Sahara, a woman named Salma adopted a child and he grew up to be a man. According to Mohamed’s new rules this adopted son is no longer a son and is considered a complete stranger and must leave the house. The woman went with this dilemma either to complaint to Mohamed about his weird new rule or to find a solution. Mohamed the dirty devil decided to humiliate her and all Muslim women as he usually did for daring to ask him about his weird DIVINE rules. Mohamed laughing, yes the authenticated hadith (Chronicles and laws of Mohamed as registered in a huge book called Sahih Alboukhary) mentions that he was laughing when he ordered Salma to breast feed her adult adopted son five times and then he can stay with her.And so if Mohamed said it, it is a divine law, and all Muslim women if they want to stay with adult men in seclusion, they have to breast feed them at least five times.However, no evil deed goes unpunished, Aisha, Mohamed's child wife, when she grew up after Mohamed was poisoned by the Jewish woman after Mohamed exterminated the Jewish woman’s whole tribe started to invite ALL THE YOUNG MEN OF QURAISH TO HER TENT. When people asked why she did so she said that they came to suck on her nipples i.e breast fed them. Why they said. She said because Mohamed said that a woman has to breast feed an adult man at least five times in order that they can sit behind a closed door (tent). This is an authenticated Hadith mentioned in the highest trusted chronicles book of Islam "Sahih Alboukhary". So according to this hadith any Muslim woman has to breast feed adult men five times so that they render like her sons and would be allowed to sit in seclusion with her. This is the same religion that veils women and forbids them from showing their hair. Islam forbids showing woman's hair and allows women to show and give their naked breasts to adult stranger men to suck on them. This is Islam the conservative religion!!!...

I hope they burn more of that sh(i)tty flag

dont u think the days with khdafi were not bettttttter

and they don't; they hate each otherThe narrow minded people did not understand the difficult situation of governing this kind of people. It is clear to everone that people like Gadafi and  Mubarak are the right people who are fit for this  people. Do we say that Libya and EGYPT are enjoying freedom now?

Let us here in the United states stand tall and impeach the Muslim in the White House and restore the US from the Crazy blood thirsty Obama before he exterminates all the Christians from the Middle East.

If there are only '6.5 Muslims' in Libya, how come they have not been taken over. Poor editing again, Yahoo?

The desert religion will never change... it will always be about mistreating others

The people of Libya just love their new US imposed Government and central bank! Thanks al Qaeda! you did a heck of a job!

Somebody burned a flag at an Embassy? WHY DIDN'T OBAMA AND HILARY STOP THIS? Cover up! Cover up!

Gee, I wonder if this concerns commie-obammie at all? Bah, what am I thinking? It was s Christian that was killed, not a brother muslim.

Hey, OBUMMER, how's that Arab Spring working out for America and Christians?    Huh?

He's now with God, on streets of gold, he can now direct traffic for those down below. One less religious zealot is good for us all, I'd rather try and save some of the other animals closer to extention, how about the Polar Bear.

Philippians 1:21 "Life to me means Christ, and death is gain." CAN THE US CHRISTIANS SUPPORT THEIR CHRISTIAN BROTHERS IN EGYPT SYRIA AND IRAQ OR THEY STILL DO NOT CARE????? Vladimir Putin asked the Russian Orthodox Church for support to his reelction. Metropolitan Hilarion of Volokolamsk, chairman of the patriarchate’s department of external church relations, did not ask for money. The issue of “Christianophobia” shot to the top of the church’s agenda a year ago, with a statement warning that “they are killing our brothers and sisters, driving them from their homes, separating them from their near and dear, stripping them of the right to confess their religious beliefs.” The metropolitan asked Mr. Putin to promise to protect Christian minorities in the Middle East.Egyptian Christians are like a cancer in the Egyptian society

And the arab spring just keeps on giving.......John, 11 mins agoYou as an Arab Syrian , what do you think ?

So many fu@$ing racist who are commenting on this story. Do you dummies know what a generalization fallacy is?

More Christians die every day in the streets of Chicago!!!

The jewish fiction is beneficial brainwashing tool and they would love for it to spread everywhere. They do love their fiction... why do you think they run hollywood, and the media?? And yes, they wrote the new test too (Eusebius).