Actually, Hungary's Jews were among the most integrated in Europe. Only in the rural northeast was there anti-semitism. That all changed with the arrival of the Arrow Cross to power in 1940.

Always tell others what to do, and if they do not, they are anti semitic

You better do what they say or you will be paying Reparations for ever,&amp;ever&amp;ever,just ask the Germans.and you also do not want the Congress of the United States to be after your "S".

Israel's complaint of the day....

Hahaha. How ridiculous. Mor has the gall to try to pressure Hungary into withdrawing an award legitimately granted that did not physically harm anyone, while Mor remains silent about his own govt killing women &amp; children, attacking other countries, assassinating foreign officials, violating basic human rights, etc.

Gee, I thought free speech WAS democracy.  I guess Israel and the rest of the world have a difference concept about democracy.  Go Hungary.

Israel would like to receive an award as the World's biggest Baby Killers. Shame on them.

Where's the exact quote from the guy?

Don't the Hungarians know that jews were in hungary first?

Here's a message to copy and post everywhere:  Israelis = child murdering bigots.Israel can not stay trouble if their life was depending on it.

ISRAEL who are YOU!!!!!!!!!!! What makes you act the way you do?

So much for free speech as the ZioNazi's march into Hungary

Why do the Jews think that they can just interfere in every other countries internal matters?  After all these years I am fed up with them.

MY COUNTRY AND FAMILY FIRST NOT THEIRS they are like a guest that dont want to go and then wants to change your house rules and turn your chidren against you in such ways ISRAEL HAVE BEEN DOING TO OUR CONGRESS SENATE AND COUNTRY TREACHEROUSLY ITS TIME FOR THEM TO GO HOME AND ITS NOT HERE SINCE THEY LOYALTY IS TO ISRAEL TIME TO EXIT PRONTO !!!

Didn't Israel forcefully give female Ethiopian immigrants shots which were found out to becontraceptives called Depo-Provera? I wonder why?ohh wait, I must be an Anti-Semite for asking.

Wow, these guys are getting a little too big for their britches.

Gypsies and jews, good match, both  are dirty  freeloaders.

Israel to Hungarian Minister, "We cannot sit by and let him call us terrorists.  You must withdraw your award or we will blow your house up with your family in it".

Ignore them.Ferenc Szalasi would know what to tell them...

The Consulate of Israel have made a complaint with the E.U and the U.N and said is in the vital interest of PEACE in EUROPE THAT WE MUST BOMB HUNGARY AND TAKE OVER THEY MEDIA OUTLETS AND CONTROL THE NETWORKS FOR THE NATIONAL SECURITY OF THE HUNGARIAN JEWS AND SECURITY OF ISRAEL AND PROTECT OUR JEWISH MONUMENTS IN EUROPE AND THE WORLD

Isnt this the place that recently found out that a convicted mass murderer was living freely in budapest, and instead of immediately arresting him, burned a synagogue or two?

Hungary was a Nazi collaborator during WWII.  A well known and documented fact which Raul Wallenberg could not stomach.

UMMMMMMM??????!!!!!!!! NEW NAME FOR OUR COUNTRY IN THE FUTURE???AM THINKING LAKE GOVERNOR WALLCE DEPORTATION NOW OOOPSSS!!! I MENT SEGREGATION NOW DEPORTATION SOON AND QUICK OF THE SUPPORTERS OF THE ANTI SEMITE KILLERS OF PALESTINIANS THE ISRAELI JEWS THE REAL ANTI SEMITES OF THE WORLD WE SEE IT AND I REMEMBER THE USS. LIBERTY AND THE YOUNG AMERICAN FEMALE STUDENT ACTIVIST THEY RAN OVER WITH OUR AID MONEY THE BULLDOZER TIME TO NUKE THEM RATS. AMERICA LOVE IT OR GET THE FK OUT FREEDOM ITS NOT FREE.The scientists call it a "brain link," and it is the closest anyone has gotten to a real-life "mind meld": the thoughts of a AIPAC rat romping around THE SENATE AND CONGRESS CHAMBERS ," envisioning battalions of animal soldiers - human soldiers - whose brains are remotely controlled byTHE INFUENCE OF THE AIPAC AND ZION NATZI ISRAEL Duke University Medical Center neurobiologist Miguel Nicolelis, who led the research, calls an "organic computer" in which multiple brains are linked to solve problems solo brains can't. Duke researchers trained rats destined to be message senders, or encoders, to press a lever when a red light above them turned on. Doing so earned the animals a sip of water. Rats intended to be message receivers, or decoders, were trained to press a lever when the scientists electrically stimulated their brains THE SAME IS BEEN DONE via AIPAC DONATIONS TO CONGRESS AND SENATE ON ISRAELSORDERS AND MOSSAD  INTERES

I venture to say one day they will wake up and there will be no more memorials in europe and the u.s,a about the jews and we wont wonder why and they will none the wiser till we kik them out its been happening to them since the so called jehova took a poop and they hit the earht like the poops!! of man kind

Ever think there's a REASON for anti-semitism?  The whole world doesn't just hate you for no reason....maybe your actions have something to do with it?

why should this internationalist organization be allowed to have a say in national affairs?

and israel wonders why the world is against them

Typical jews, they meddle in the affairs of other countries and don't respect anyone else's right to an opinion unless it reflects the jewish agenda.  They are carbon copies of American liberals, no wonder they work hand in hand.To all you Jew haters posting here, please stop using anything ever invented by a Jew.  That includes your cell phone camera, polio vaccine, stents if you have heart blockage, ball point pens, the camera you swallow to diagnose heart problems, the machine that automatically gives you doses of your medications.  There are many many more too cumbersome to list.

Really!? A high school was named in hungary after The "Lenin Boys" cruel communist leader, nicknamed Red Terror, tibor szamuely. he was nothing, but a bloodthirsty jewish terrorist.

I supply israel with derogatory remarks Daily, it is so demanding and rewarding......Yessum...

Everything islam ..has ...it has stolen at the point of a sword....War and murder is what the cult of mohammad was founded on..

The sad part is that in the 21st Century Hungary needs to be told this.  They can't figure it out for themselves!

Israel, a country of whiners!

Israel is whining again? What about land grab by them in middle east. i dont know what that hungarian said but hungerians are heintz 57 tape race mostly mongols are turks or i dont know what is their true origin. They poped up in europe some time ago, they are similar to jews or gypsies they are ol over and should go home to where they originated.

Bullcrap! Nobody can make negative comments about the "DIRT PEOPLE?" Screw Israel and their dirt country! I really look forward to that war of all wars. Israel has split americans in halves just like it did the USS Liberty. Screw Israel, Netanyahu, and Obama's visit!!!

Freedom of speech does not apply when it comes to israel or the jews.

Another cry baby story about the Jews. No one but Yahoo cares about them.The irony is Israel is the the biggest Anti-Semites in the world.

Israeli summer campers/ child murdering bigots are on here trying to control the vote count...as usual.

Not only do they cry that not enough Jews were murdered by Europeans in the last generation, but they demand that Jews be murdered by Arabs in this generation.

Screw Israel. They're nothing but a bunch of cry-babies. Whaaah, somebody hurt are feelings!Whaaaah!

go on tell them the one about the holocaust, that old cow has'nt been milked for a few weeks.

Yea! Jews arent pushy!

Don't be touchy Israel ! Every race and color has been picked on !

Israel asks Hungary to withdraw LOL Isreal withdraw From Palestine and Syria you pigs

Please why is the USA funding Israel which does not have equal justice for its no-jew people; the Palestinian is being removed. What sort of democracy is that , just like the USA in 1948 when the present state of Israel was invented.The USA has moved on form segregation and we are a better nation for it. Yet we are funding Israel which is segregated; all the Palestinians need to be resettled as citizens of a secular democratic state with equal justice for all. Also we need the funds that the zionist are take form us; here in the USA.

You all need to wake up your loyalty is to your country THE UNITED STATES IF NOT YOU NEED TO BE SHOT; ISRAEL OUR FRIENDS? The very people whom spy and steal from us from secrets to uranium whom kill our sailors remember the u.s.s. Liberty? And civilian activist americans with our own aid money? And you all dont care, thats the jewish media control on you whom corrupt our senate and congress, 5 fth columnist in our politics and life people with loyalty to israels agenda not our country; i understand hitler now as well as israel hitler the master race israel the chosen ones to burn in hell it all makes sence and both founded by jews any one that loves israel so much more than these united states of america needs to go every one of you rat fink traitors rats !! If it was by me i would shoot the traitors and rats all america first love it or get the fk out you know whom you are!!!I VENTURE TO SAY one day they will wake up and there will be no more memorials in EUROPE ABOUT THE JEWS AND WE WONT WONDER WHY AND THEY WILL NONE THE WISER.

Congress set to OK bill renewing anti-violence law and that "military sanctions" are in need Israel have Overtaken in Local Domestic Violence the #$%$ whom were worst example of extreme right and Expanzionism by means of Conflict Violence and War With Brutal Aggresion are not number one any more " the case for Sanctions Against Israel "that make it clear that Netanyahu and his agents with Aipac should look to clean up their own act before they point their finger at any other nation . America did not go to war so Israeli leaders could dehumanize the Palestinians , Dr. Majo Meyers a holocaust suvivor of Aushwitz said in an interview on his tour titled " Never Again for any one " that the Palestinians are being dehumanized just as he experienced in Nazi Germany .

The Bible says “Woe to them that call evil good and good evil.”  Hungary will pay for it dearly.

So now Israel want to decide  what "not belong to a democratic society" ? What gives them the moral authorithy over other nations? This is a perfect example why are they not liked  almost  anywhere.

Ohhhhh, Israel has spoken!Don't do what they say, the IMF will cut you off?I ask? Who controls the IMF, the same people who are the CEO's of the majorcorporations.I challenge you, search the top 100 corporations.Then search the CEO Names?I know what you are going to find, Zionism!Obama's staff , what 90 plus percent Jewish!Kinda disproportion don;t your think?These are the average Jewish citizens, these are Zionist , the guys who want the New World Order! Many Jews are against this! They have even died fighting it!As Prime Minister of Israel said, don;t worry about the USA, we control the USA!many of the staffers of the Obama &amp; Bush teams, were duel citizens, NOWthat's a conflict of Interest! Did you know, many of Jewish Zionist family's DO NOTwant their kids hanging around YOUR kids. They enforce that!They are the IMF, the UN, The Illuminati, The Zionist, the ones controlling all the world!THEY are causing all this hell!why?Why are they micro chipping kids in Texas? In Calf? with scare tactics, OHHHsomeone.s gonna steal your baby at the hospital! Ohhh, this will help the Terrorist NOThave money! YOU gotta get chipped! WTH, so they can monitor YOU 24/7~And, those chips can make you have a heart attack, anytime they want!If you speak out, bang! Grab your chest &amp; die!I wish I was kidding!666 anyone!rick

Answer to Israel is NO !

Do you bags think that anyone else in the world cares about your thoughts?  Get lost, bug off, beat it, shave off, scram, vamoose.  Get the picture?

Meanwhile Israel shots Palestinians daily and confiscates their property.

Well that's his own opinion...there must have been some real winnert gypsy and jews in his life experiences.....like every gypsy and jew is perfect???  Hell I know there is #$%$ in every color.  Stop trying to make people chose their words carefully....being truthful is what is most important

Israeli Ambassador clearly imagines he's also State Censor of Hungary.  Go back to Israel since you just as clearly don't belong in a democracy and you have no clue what that's about - you are a theocracy and a racist theocracy on top of it!In the end all you Jew-haters can only scream and sh{i}t yourselves that not only did Jews survive your despicable abominations of the last century, but they've gone on to claim a state and become a leading economic, intellectual and cultural dynamo on Earth. Go #$%$rselves, Amalek.

THIS FKRS ARE KRAZY WHOM DO THEY THINK THEY ARE?

Just say,  "shove it Israel, we make our own decisions".

Kudos to the other award recipients offering to return their prizes in protest. That takes guts and character.

Antisemetism is alive and well on this board.

Whatever! Hypocrites at every turn! Israel is NOT a free and democratic society for anyone other than Hebrews, period.. Evil people not liking to be portrayed accurately.

Isreal is " le affreux " a french congolese term used to descrive something horrible dreadfull

Let me ask a question?How many native South American died (killed off) from 1900 to 200040 million, 50  million?Who's speaking up for that?And, who did that?The same folks who did 911, I bet!The same folks causing all the hell in Africa &amp; the Middle East!The same folks who caused WW1 &amp; WW2Yeah, the same folks!Rothschilds, Rickefellas, Morgans, the Illuminati.That;'s what I think.BUT, hay, I only read more than 100 books, some written by some very smart Jewish authors, who wanted this information out!Mind control is real. look up Project Montauk mind control, Mk ULTRA mind control, and maybe Read, Psychic Discoveries behind the Iron Curtain!You will see &amp; know, some evil #$%$ is coming down on us!God help is all!rick

the world asks israel to withdraw from our planet

Is Israel trying to controll another nations business??? Nooo I don't believe it,,The Zionists want to control the world. They worship the devil and the only way to defeat them is to exterminate all of them.

Unfortunately Ferenc Szaniszlo didn't include the real and horrible Jewish deeds of robbing Palestine and killing its men, women and children. I'm sure he would have been given a bigger prize.

Next israel will invade hungary because they gave award to a free journalist whom was doing his job netanya war hoe crime minister of israel demanded of the e.u military treats on hungary for israel national security lol some idiots no wonder no one wants them in they countrys

The #$%$ made jokes about the Jews too. Funny how it starts the same each time. Get ready for the next totalitarian dictator. This time nobody gets out of it alive. All of humanity will pay dearly. How about a nice game of Chess instead? The Jews are doing their best at trying to prevent the impossible. Rest assured it will happen again soon to all of us.

Jews are racially different from Europeans and will never care about us. ie White slavery, child porn, organ trafficking, usury, attacks on religion and patriotism. It's the only kind of relationship we have with them. So get over the shock of their name calling and stand up to them. They'll run away when they see you won't take the abuse anymore.

The Izraeli welfare state of apartheid is now attacking Europe !!

It's all about us, us, us!Why don't we hear from the Roma?

A responce to Globetrotter ; MR: WALLENBERG MUST BE TURNING IN HIS GRAVE looking at what israel and jews support in Israel A DIFFERENT KIND OF NATZISM CALLED ZIONISM

The murderous apartheid state of Israhell is upset over a few words. I'm sure they'll calm down and feel better when they've killed a few more unarmed Palestinian children.Blood sacrifice always soothes the soul of the JUUUUUUUZ!!!!

I just love how the Israeli trash follows my posts arround and thumbs down shows I am really getting to them ;)NO the land of Hungary is free to do as it must without outside comments.

And Hungary should tell the ZioNaz*i racist genocdial sacks of dog shi*&amp;T to go fcU(k themselves!!!

Next  they will order yahoo to shutdown this site

Jesus said to the jews:John 8:44 New International Version (NIV)44 "You belong to your father, the devil, and you want to carry out your father’s desires. He was a murderer from the beginning, not holding to the truth, for there is no truth in him. When he lies, he speaks his native language, for he is a liar and the father of lies."Yes, I know that chapter well. Jesus is speaking to the Pharisees, not all jews. Just the evil leaders &amp; rulers that were perverting God's laws.

Hungary should take back the award and give him a medal..-S/T

Hungarians have a long tradition of bigotry, antisemitism and hatred of Jews.

What are the reasons for the prize then? It is difficult to decide if they were right or wrong...

Israel is such a nosy micro-manager telling other sovereign nations what to do they like own the planet...gtfo

Israel can keep its trap shut Hungary is an independent country and can do as it wants.

The Illegal Zionist Entity sure has a lot of gall to be telling Hungary what to do. But then again, The Zionist Entity is spoiled by the rest of the world. It's usually the case that when The Illegal Zionist Entity says jump, most countries say: how high?