"Stop and frisk is legal" - I still don't understand how this is true without probable cause or a warrant. Seems like a blatant disregard to the 4th Amendment.

Kevin, the Constitution is pretty clear on it.  And that is the Supreme Law of the Land.

About 5 million stops have been made during the past decade, mostly of black and Hispanic men.It seems that when the 4 th amendment of the constitution is obviously violated there is a response from the victims even though those "PROFILED" fit the mold for committing a higher percentage of crime in the city, but when the second amendment is attacked supporters are told to "be quiet we know better" by the politicians and demonized for fighting to protect constitutional rights.  ALL amendments are there to work together to preserve FREEDOM, these events may be a sign of things to come

Stop and frisk is NOT legal. Unless they have probable cause to believe the person in question committed a crime.

Well here is an idea.Since NYC is going to be scrapping the US Constitution due to there (special circumstances*)Maybe we should just eject them from the US and make them a sovereign nation so there (Special Circumstance*) do not increase our national debt.That way President Bloomberg can run his country any way he wants.* = Having a Mayor who is a pompous #$%$.

NYC prevents good citizens from defending themselves.  Only the police can legally use weapons.  This pressures law abiding citizens to grant unconstitutional powers to the police for protection against criminals.  Eventually these abusive powers are turned against all citizens.  Power corrupts.

If I wore a suit &amp; tie (like corporate/government criminals), would the chances of me getting stopped &amp; frisked be lowered? What about dressing as a Catholic priest, Jedi, or Rabbi? Seriously, I could never live/work in big cities. Gotta have elbow room.

Who can govern this pathetic world we live in today? It's gonna get worse, this is just the beginning. America, where have you gone buddy?

"Stop and frisk is legal" - since when is it not a violation of the 4th Amendment to stop people on the street and frisk them without just cause to do so. The police have no right to stop you on the street and #$%$ unless they are going to arrest you. That's considered unreasonable and hence a violation of the 4th Amendment. If I'm just walking down the street, minding my own business and a policeman wants to check my ID, I'm good with that, that's reasonable. If he decides he wants to frisk me, he better have a warrant unless I'm wanted for something, which at this point is highly unlikely.

Stop and frisk is one of those things that sounds great until it's done to you.

Ok, I'm an old fat white man and this is just wrong on so many levels. I don't care where you live or your color, this is just out of Nazi Germany of Hitler. Even at my age, I've been pulled over for the "I thought your taillight was out" scam. When he asked if I mind if he searches my car, I said yes, what's in my car is none of your business. So, I get handcuffed, "you're not under arrest, this is for my protection". Then said we would have to wait for the drug dog to check my car. I live in a small town, we don't have a drug dog. What we do have are a bunch of Barny Fifes in hand me down police cars. After 15 minutes of me messing with this kids head. he let me go. The one finger salute and I'm on my way. What has our country turned into?Leave it to dumbberg he's only worried about 16oz pop containers.

Crime is everywhere it's just hidden and disquised.Wall Street,the goverment on all levels,Big business,banks that launder drug money,Pharmaceuticals company that use you like lab rats,food companies who feed you any and everything harmful but tastes good,etc etc etc.ps send law enforcement there.

If stop and frisk is working so well why are they finding so little when they stop these people? The police do not have the right to search you for walking down the street...If this were happening in suburban America there would be an outrage.

Police State soon to be a all out Miltary State/Country.Let's see what you think and feel about it then.

You can crack down on crime in bad neighborhoods and still respect people's rights.

If you were tp stop and frisk everyone daily and search their homes regularly, you also reduce crime. Too bad about the illegal searches. It must be good because it reduces crime.  I don't see how this is constitutional, with no probable cause. I don't get that at all.  These neighborhoods aren't only targeted because of high crime - it's also because people are poor and powerless.

Stop and frisk is illegal.  Don't let these people trample over our rights!

Gee, i didnt know new york cops were above the law. Its called control.

This shouldn't even have to got to trial. The cop violated the 4th Amendment."The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized."He violated The United States Constitution. The trial is Federal, not Local jurisdiction.

Stupid judges allowed the S &amp; F to be legal. This was a mistake. It is abused by all of law enforcement. It is a rights violation. Sure, they may catch one or two bad guys but at the price of our freedom.There won't be any media campaign on TV about it though. Wrong political party. I can just imagine if Texas Gov. Rick Perry had this policy in Texas.

Is this guy pulling the college basketball flop move foul where he falls on the court faking a foul and then crying when the referee says, no way.Why is it people of color (as Al Sharpstick would say) are always whining about law enforcement when they commit the most crimes in NY and the rest of the US and there gangs roam the streets looking to rob or steal from someone or sell drugs.I'm "good" with what police in NY are doing as its cut down crime in Brooklyn and other areas and gangsters can't carry hoodie guns without fear of stops by police.Maybe this will be a good lesson in how not be a criminal or gangster or hoodie thug and join the normal society like the rest of us without packing a gun and being a thug

Seems to be that many people do not like cops, for one reason or another and bash them every chance they get. Next time you need a cop call a criminal instead and see what kind of help you get. Many need a reality check when they say it is all about profiling and need a tour through a jail or prison, to see what the real world as to what races make up the major portion of the population, you will not be surprised.

No one who is not breaking the law should be subject to stop and search.  I cannot imagine how the wealthy white people would feel if they or their children were stopped, handcuffed and their property searched when they had done nothing wrong.  It would create such an outcry across the city it would stop immediately.  I think this should be unconstitutional.

It won't be long before it becomes the norm for any citizen to be randomly stopped and frisked. Who was it that said "the greatest assults on public liberty are made in the name of public safety"?Another famous statement comes to mind "First they came for the gypsies, and since I wasn't a gypsy, I didn't speak out...."

When I was a kid, we had this thing called the Bill of Rights...

Well that is one side of the story. Reminds one of he Martin reporting.

Brown Shirts.  Hitler began with nationwide gun registration in Germany, then began banning certain firearms, then had his controlled media ask “why do the people need guns, anyway,” asked for “voluntary” relinquishing of guns and ended with door-to-door storm-trooper gun confiscation.  Yes, Hitler’s private army broke down doors to grab guns and whatever else they could find in private homes.

"Only about 10% of all stops result in arrest..." and these same lefty liberal #$%$ want a 100% gun ban and a 100% background check???

No doubt it's a Black thing. Only Blacks are stopped. I'll bet this work of art doesn't frequent airports.The same thing happened to me and I am a bald white guy. They were looking for a bald guy in a blue shirt. Can I file a lawsuit?What I didn't like was being handcuffed. If we chat then I am detained but when they put you in cuffs you are restrained. As an innocent person I don't want to be restrained.They did catch the right guy and he was 30 years younger than me.

The reason more blacks and hispanics get stopped and looked at is because that city is flooded with those races. Pretty soon the Musliums will be just as abundant as they are flooding into NYC too. I am so damned sick and tired about hearing the crys of the poor persecuted minorities in this nation. It is ridiculous.

12 out of 5 million in 10 years?!?!? Much ado about nothing!

Frisk THIS Coppers.......

"The lawsuit challenges the constitutionality of some of the stops, with lawyers arguing the policy unfairly targets minorities."Yeah!! The jails seem to be doing the same thing. LMAO.Blacks and hispanics....Stop commiting crimes and they won't #$%$. Work towards getting your people to behave civily and this won't happen. And stop blaming everyone else for your problems. Oh, and the crime rate in NYC has dropped since this program was enacted. Go figure.

the article forgot to mention the A plus he received in Drama 101 at the performing arts school he attends

City lawyers said the department already has many checks and balances, Yes, if a cop dose something wrong, the rest of them help cover it up, That is their checks and balances..

It's a conundrum.  We want to be protected from would be harm doers, but we don't like the "profiling" tactics of the law.  What do you suggest?  Terrorists have been thwarted by profiling and attacks averted.  I cannot imagine the humiliation of being stopped and searched, that's true.  But I also can't imagine the idea of letting those who would harm our citizens and country to just be allowed to roam freely until they accomplish their goal.  Perhaps better training to discern who should be stopped and better training about how to conduct those searches will help.

Television loves people to cry or become emotional.  It appeals to women who if you did not already know this--run the world.

The people who scream the loudest about high crime rates are also the first ones to do all they can to tie the hands of the police.A WWII tactic that was done by the #$%$. This does NOT belong anywhere in America.

How is this legal considering the fourth amendment of the constitution?

This is just crazy.  Not only is it outrageous for those being stopped, but it is also a waste of taxpayers' money.  Police officers should be spending time solving crimes instead.

Let them fend for themselves when their gang banging relatives are shooting up the streets!

Im not a big fan of warrantless searches under any circumstances.That being said, Im not a big fan of those who lie on a complaint about the police.This stop and frisk stuff stinks, but I suppose there are no alternatives?  No good answer really

Don't worry it is only New York City.. Just remember to have your papers ready when in the city so the NY SS can check them.. Hier Bloomberg has total control over your lives,,, the way you want it.. So enjoy...

The key phrase is that he was "helping his friend gain entrance to his residence because he had locked himself out". The Officer obviously thought that there was a B&amp;E occuring and until proven otherwise, handcuffing a "Potential Suspect" is the correct protocol for the safety of the officer.

More #$%$ to get free money from the city????

I think it is fine to stop and frisk. I would say any narcotics found due to this procedure can be decomissioned but cannot result in arrest if illegal firearms are found however than it should result in arrest. This could be used to reduce violent crime but it should not be used to target chemically dependant people

Well NY isn't America anymore anyway. It's a giant and corrupt police-state. This is what all of America is trending towards. You are all slaves to this system. Go to any airport and you'll quickly see that YOU are a suspect simply for breathing and will be treated unfairly and with suspicion. Land of the free? Not anymore!unfairly targets minorities??  everyone is now a minority in this country, excepr for homosexuals, they think they are the majority.

I am a white guy.  I grew up in a mid-sized, middle-west town in the 1960s.  I was stopped by the police and frisked several times.  It's what police in my town did with teenagers.  I got over it, and GREW UP.  It was just a part of life, just like it is everywhere that the citizens insist on feeling safe.  This guy CRIED ! ! !  Sounds like a nut case to me.

Much better to let blacks continue to carry illegal guns and kill each other.  Get the cops out of those areas and let the gang leaders run the show.  How many of you bleeding heart liberals would be whining then that the cops are not doing their jobs!  You people are idiots.  let the cops do their jobs!

how quickly they forget . I remember them protesting that they weren't given police protection because they were blk , now its theyre being arrested because theyre blk  , so which is it ? I say keep police out of their slums and let them stew in their own degenerate behavior . give them a dose of Chicago .

put him on the list for an academy award

And when do the people who are mugged, murdered and raped by the criminals who were not stopped and frisked get to testfy? Going into a bar and checking Id's for underage drinkers and going into a criminal neighborhood checking for guns seem about the same and reasonable to a sane person.

no big deal! they frisk all people to make sure that no one has a big gulp.

Why aren't they stopping and frisking Wall Street bankers . Now those are the real criminals destroyed the economy responsible for untold countless crimes against humanity and the untimely deaths of millions .

i don't want no affirmative action in stop and frisks... especially being the only white man going into that ghetto

Blacks belong in Africa."To serve and Protect" ? How about "patrol and control" ?? That's what your precious Bloomberg is good for.

Stop and frisk is wrong.  If there's no reason to believe you've committed a crime, the police should leave you alone.  They've got better things to do than mess with folks who haven't done anything.

They thought that he was suicidal and wearing a suicide vest near the entrance to the stock market!These days, you never know about anything, until it happens and you ,luckily are maimed,not dead!9/11 can be a 365/ 24hr. day event for anyone  of us!

I'm staying out of this one.

Its not an easy job being a police officer. There is a reason why some groups are searched more than others. Now those groups are crying out for change? Where are the crys for change among their communities that cause the police to do this in the first place? Stop the police from doing their jobs and chaos will ensue.  Police need tomake sure they treat everyone with respect when doing their job. Thats the biggest problem. They are human and its tough dealing with certain individuals on a daily basis.

I understand this is not Japan, but let's not start being LIKE Japan.  They have few legal rights.  It's about control.  Almost ZERO citizen gun ownership and the police can stop and frisk anyone at anytime for any reason.

Crying over that?? Give me a break drama queen.

Boo hoo, waaaaa.   We will read in a week that this individual was shot dead by a young black thug in his neighborhood, but there will be no outcry about that.  Blacks killing blacks must be cool, because cops trying to keep blacks from killing each other are certainly villians!

Well if the millions, and millions of their - call it / what you want - wouldn;t act all like criminals and thugs, and terrorists - all of this wouldn't be happening.. All; you have to do is look at the "records" to see the facts...!!! If this procedure puts a scare into others to start behaving, maybe then the whole effort will be a success..

use the same tactics as the police.............all the folks in the area.....make a citizen's arrest....... stop and frisk the police, go thru their stuff. Do it enough times (about twice) and the harrasment of "We The People" will stop.....!You remember............police are not elected, they hired........................"they just hired guns and a lot of them are just thugs with a tin badge and a gun"use the same tactics as the police.............all the folks in the area.....make a citizen's arrest....... stop and frisk the police, go thru their stuff. Do it enough times (about twice) and the harrasment of "We The People" will stop.....!You remember............police are not elected, they hired........................"they just hired guns and a lot of them are just thugs with a tin badge and a gun"

Love the lady in the center of the pic.  She should be packing her "dog sled' in preparation for  the big salmon run on Friday!

Bloomberg has scrapped the Constitution in word and deed.  NYC is a totalitarian slave state, unless, of course, you have money.

Have you PAYED Schoolcraft  for what you did to him against his will?

what did he have a big soda.

the solution is simple. leave.

Pay people who are frisk with a 50 Dollar gift card if nothing is found !

I wonder how many 10's of millions of violent criminal acts were prevented by the estimated 5 million stops? Remember folks, racial profiling works. That's why they do it.

when stop and frisk stops ...and crime soars...then blacks will be yelling NYC has turned into Chicago -- how are we going to stop all of this black bloodshed

Cried on the stand -- ha ha ah -- cried to support the lawsuit he is filingEverything is RACIST, we are picking on them -- *B*U*L*L* S*H*I*T*

And if they deny the continuance of the process, and the crime increases, and the deaths increase, who will they start to blame?? - why the law enforcement of NYC of course. Naturally, you are damned if you do and damned if you don't.

What a weenie.

Homonym?  There and their.

How in the world can stop and frisk be legal. Read the fourth amendment in the "Bill of Rights" in the constitution of the United States of America. Just one more of those cases where the government has stretched their limited powers. People need to start standing up to these infringement of your rights instead of sitting back saying some of the stupid things I read in these comments. I don't care what color his/her skin is, or what neighborhood he/she comes from. I don't care what time of day or night it is. This is not about this one person's rights, it is about everyone of our rights. My rights. Your rights.

Police go where the crime is — and crime is overwhelmingly in minority neighborhoods, city lawyers said.And this unfairly targets minorities why?  If the crime is there, why would they go to where the crime is not?

anyone that takes a job as NYC cop. must be crazy to work with these filth everyday.

Did all these people take off work to protest?

What a weenie!

If they did more of this kind of police work in Chicago, they wouldn't have 500 deadly minority shootings every year.Gee, if you look at the crimes stats you'd see why?  If you look at the number of crimes commited by a certain race, you'd see why?  If you see the main race for "flash mobs", you'd see why?  If you stop and think which race always instigates and is openly belligerent towards officers, you'd see why?  Not to mention the fact that whenever there's a similar story like this, Hispanics are thrown into the mix when you'd see the NY has Hispanic/Black mixes, and the 1 drop rule applies.  Taking that into consideration, the number of 100% Hispanics will dwindle down to almost nil.

oh boo hoo, now what? give him million of tax payer $$$  ?   we have to make him feel better and fix his self esteem!

The deal with Terry v Ohio is that the Court ruled that it is reasonable for a police officer, in detaining a suspect whom he has reason to believe is in or about to be in the commission of a crime may pat or frisk the suspect for weapons to prevent injury to himself or to by-standers.   It did not grant permission for officers to look deeply into your clothing for contraband or anything else, and it did not grant permission for them to go to you home and conduct a warrantless search, as they did in this case. Apparently, the NYPD conduct many such warrantless searches (Stop and frisks) for no good reason other than that they want to, even on people who are merely fetching milk from the store for the kids at home.  That is Police State activity and does not belong in the USA.

Lemme think here for a second.... 2am, home alarm sounding and some dude running down the street holding a computer..... Nope, cant stop him and ask for his ID.

Was he accused of carrying too large of a soda?

I wonder how many lives S&amp;F has saved.  They take weapons of 10% of the people?  That's really a lot of illegal guns they nab.  Double up I say.

Reward every "friskee" with a Bloomberg biggie fries and an extra large soft drink.  They'll be standing in line waiting for a feelup!

12% of the population commits close to two thirds of all violent crime and murder in this country.

This person is probably a really a mug and thug after his day job. It always is amusing to me that a city will get all stirred up after a black person is suspected of doing something. You rarely see that if a white person gets arrested.

Stop and search LEGAL.....Since the beginning of time, people have fought for their rights, Only in the US, 230 something years after the constitution, we are fighting to GIVE them away (our rights). Disgusting, inexcusable, and a sign of an ignorant society.Sounds like a real good actor to me.  Maybe he should get a job on Broadway.

What in the ever lovin' blue-eyed world is a non profit worker? How does a guardian for his sibs support them? Answer: On the backs of the tax payers. I believe this guy has a sassy mouth on him and aggravates any officer that stops regardless of race.

The trial is about "stop and frisk," however the article is begins with a story about a man in tears because he was handcuffed for a few minutes. A perfect example of a left-wing reporter with little regard for the safety of our police officers, trying to confuse the general public into sympathizing with her naive and thoughtless position.

With so many laws, do we really expect to be free?

"About 5 million stops have been made during the past decade, mostly of black and Hispanic men."Studies please. Articles always just throw that in there. Where is the data to prove this? Where is the study that shows white officers stop more blacks, or Latino officers stop more whites? Can someone please back up their statement with facts.

Stop and frisk OK maybe, but handcuffing, taking his keys and going into his residence? Who's the nazi responsible for that policy?

What two groups of people commit the most crimes in NYC? Facts are facts, sadly. It would be wonderful to see certain people's work harder at school and succeed better in life. Maybe then there would be less crimes. But I don't blame anybody for being upset at being arbitrairly stopped and searched.

At an airport security line which individual should more likely be searched more completly, a85 year old frail woman or a 24 year old healthy muslim male? sometimes, making discriminating choices makes sense. The same in the city streets of NY.

Try that in any white middle class neighborhood and watch the outcry.Think about it....

Pert testified that he filed one complaint against the police where he lied and said he had been physically injured.Statements to make to police when stopped, after showing ID;Am I under arrest.I do not consent to a search.Do you have a warrent.I would like to talk to your supervisor.Repeat as needed.Do not get angry, do not yell, do not threaten.

It is interesting that minorities protest the police actions and say they have to change.and never consider that the problematic  factions of the minority need to change their stealing, druggy, non-working criminal ways.  Change them and there will be no perception of that minority as a problem.sure the police are out of line, but there IS something to be done about it. We've accepted bad behavior and gangs for entirely too long. Stealing a loaf of bread is understandable...robbing stores of money is not. Refusing to stay in school - you're just asking for it. And you get it. and then you whine. There's plenty of white kids going down that road, but whites as a group are less accepting of that behavior in their group.By all means, rein in police bullying, but for petey's sake start making school, education, and a work ethic part of your minority community.

NYC  welcome to Dictator Bloombergs world of total control

CRYBABY GETS YOU SUECASE

The best part is that Americans are continually suckered into believing they live in the land of the free. Propaganda does wonders.

How many people are in that "mob" of protesters?  20? 25? You can get that many folks in NYC to watch a pigon copulate.  And they look like the same sort (yeah that's profiling) that whines about no police protection.

Racial profiling is an ugly part of life if you're Black or Hispanic &amp; male.  Let's not even talk about driving while Black.

most of these stops are successful producing guns and drugs ....but, NY would prefer to have a Chicago in its place

We call it profiling in my town.The Police would stop mainly black people in bad neighborhoods at night.Because black honestly are involved in most deadly violent crime.The blacks did like it,so they stopped.The murder rate is at an all time high now.The Police used to be able to stop them before they killed,but the Blacks are still complaining.You cant make them happy.Now they march through the streets to stop gun violence,and blacks are now dieing at a higher rate.

Hmmm, so many stops per month, so many summonses per month, and at least one arrest per month. Now let me get this straight. The police say they have no quotas to fill when writing tickets? The police are so corrupt they make the Gambino family look like alter boys. Why do people extend them any respect at all?Life would be better if the LEOs would sit around the campfire and sing Kumbaya and pass out flowers .

Oh please.  Can you say, "Drama Queen"?

I say pull all of the cops out of New York and let the people handle the crime.. They think it's so darn easy let them try it for a month or so. They'll be crying "Praise Jesus" bring back the law enforcement to protect us. NAW...then they'd be complaining again "We's gettin picked on". Make up your minds , you want killings and rapes , robberys , or do you want to live in a place thats free of most crimes.  As the old saying goes "Your either the problem or your the solution to the problem" It's your choice......but make the right choice , or you'll regret it for the rest of your life.

A 1992 estimate from the Federal Bureau of Prisons conjectured that between 9 and 20 percent of inmates had been sexually assaulted. Studies in 1982 and 1996 both concluded that the rate was somewhere between 12 and 14 percent; the 1996 study, by Cindy Struckman-Johnson, concluded that 18 percent of assaults were carried out by prison staff. A 1986 study by Daniel Lockwood put the number at around 23 percent for maximum security prisons in New York. Christine Saum's 1994 survey of 101 inmates showed 5 had been sexually assaulted. Among women the number is one in forty and the offenders are more likely to be prison staff members. Prison rape cases have drastically risen in recent years, mostly attributed to an increase in counseling and reports. The threat of AIDS, which affects many of those raped in prison, has also resulted in the increase of reported cases for the benefit of medical assistance. (from Prison Rape in America/Wikipedia).

The accelerating rate of incarceration over the past few decades is just as startling as the number of people jailed: in 1980, there were about two hundred and twenty people incarcerated for every hundred thousand Americans; by 2010, the number had more than tripled, to seven hundred and thirty-one. NO OTHER COUNTRY EVEN APPROACHES THAT. In the past two decades, the money that states spend on prisons has risen at six times the rate of spending on higher education. Ours is, bottom to top, a “carceral state,” in the flat verdict of Conrad Black, the former conservative press lord and newly minted reformer, who right now finds himself imprisoned in Florida, thereby adding a new twist to an old joke: A conservative is a liberal who’s been mugged; a liberal is a conservative who’s been indicted; and a passionate prison reformer is a conservative who’s in one. (from the New Yorker Magazine).

The United States penal population has grown every year for the past thirty-six years. The rate of imprisonment in the United States is now four times its historic average and seven times higher than in Western Europe. Even more striking than the overall level of incarceration is the concentrated force of the penal system on the most disadvantaged segments of the population. One-third of African American male high-school dropouts under age 40 are currently behind bars. Among all African American men born since the mid-1960s, more than 20 percent will go to prison, nearly twice the number that will graduate college. This extraordinary pattern of penal confinement has been called “mass incarceration,” a rate of incarceration so high that it affects not only the individual offender, but also whole social groups. (from the American Academy of Arts and Sciences).

One in 31 adults in America is in prison or jail, or on probation or parole. Twenty-five years ago, the rate was 1 in 77. (from U.S. Incarceration/Wikipedia).

Keep your guns.  Bloomberg is out of control.

yep, it's a real tear jerker

Ohhh. Oooh. Somebody cried.  Let's let the animals run wild then.Man up and stop crying....get over yourself and deal with life.This is a waste of tax payers money being spent filling up an already full court schedule

Pullllease!

We have to wait and see how the "Fed vs Arizona" debacle goes

iam now 66 but in the 50 years i have started looking and noticeing women i have yet to see a nice looking AMERICAN MUSLIM woman and why is that FAR-KAUN ? do tell us about that please SIR ?

New Yorkers. Just admit you elected a Nazi for a mayor and the governor isn't much better. You deserve the Hell you are creating for yourselves.

Fence off the slums, drive in two semi trucks, one full of guns, the other full of herion and coke, let them have at it for one week and bulldoz the buildings and remains...

"The Man" always tryin to keep a brotha down.

I wouldn't trust to many of these protesters family members, Where are the American protestors?All Immigrants? Hummm?

Wow, considering the percentage of violent criminals, sounds like common sense to me.

dont you all go out at 11pm for a quart of milk.the officer was just making sure the path was clear into this perps building- nice guy

Bloomberg is a prime example of why Adolf Hitler was stopped much to early.

So it's okay to identify them as black when it's a story portrying them as the victim, but not the 99% of the time they are the criminal?

cops are bullys with a badge.

Man up.  Grow up.  Stop whining.

One wonders if the fact that there are more blacks and Latinos in jail because they commit more crimes than white people do. Now I do think that living in poverty is a big reason for this discrepancy. Wish I had a nice neat answer to this problem, but I don't. All I can say is don't do the crime if you can't do the time.

So is this a black thing or a legal issue? I can't tell which way Yahoo is trying to steer the story. Many races get stopped and frisked.

Then afterwards he went to a gay bar and took it up the a@#! No crying there!

Given the opportuity this city would vote as liberal as possible again. You love Bloomberg telling you what to eat, drink, and where to sit, so get used to it. Coming to a whole country near you!!!

Last I heard Americans still had rights. Break the NYC PD for abusing their powers. We DO NOT live in a police state da#n PD thugs!Crooks don't lie.........do they?

What about stop and frisk to board an airplane?  Why is one okay "for public safety" and another a violation of the 4th Amendment?  What about highway police and/or border patrol roadblocks?  Warrantless wiretaps? Drones over American soil spying on Americans? We have no real God given rights anymore, just lip service from a zealous nanny-state government.

The Obama legacy to his 47% lies.

Just think about this article.  it's The USA, not the Soviet Union.  Police are stopping people on the street and basically strip searching them without cause.  Is this what "free" people do?  Your NANNY state is doing this to you.  It is happening in the bluest of blue states under DEMOCRAT rule.  And yet you folks keep voting for these big government leaders because you perceive they GIVE you STUFF.  Well, while they are handing out the money borrowed or collected from good upstanding, tax paying citizens, they are also stealing your Freedoms so as to control the angry mob that will arise when the government suddenly realizes they can't afford to give any more free stuff to you.  Stupid is as stupid does.

This country is going down the toilet.

DEFINITION OF A CRIMINAL: AFRO-AMERICAN POS THAT LISTENS T "RACIST LEFT LEADERS" &amp; SHOULD BE KILLED TO PROTECT SOCIETY...Definition of Black Man:  A Person That Has 2 Choices,  1) Reject Abhorrent Values of Racist Left &amp; Become a Great Person; 2) Learn from Jesse Jackson &amp; Farrakhan &amp; Become a Criminal.

Police go where the crime is — and crime is overwhelmingly in minority neighborhoods.  What part of that doesn't make sense?

the new police state... the police should be held accountable but they believe they are all powerful over the public...   police states have low crime as well...

Just wait until the LSP (Large Soda Police) start busting heads.  It's gonna get ugly!

The historically low numbers of murders and shootings in New York City this year are further testaments to two truths — we have the best police force in the world protecting us, and the practice of stop, question and frisk is helping keep guns off our streets.In 2012, there were fewer murders than there were during any of the previous 50 years the NYPD has been tracking the crime. This year alone, murders have plummeted by 19 percent from 2011. Shootings are also the lowest they have been since the police began following that statistic two decades ago.As Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly recently noted, New York’s homicide total would be 1,224 with Chicago’s murder rate and 3,635 with Detroit’s. Neither Chicago nor Detroit utilizes stop, question and frisk, and there is no doubt that the policy is one of the premier reasons that New York is the safest large city in America.Hope he never takes a flight. TSA will show him a FRISK.

PRISON RAPE in the United States: Living facilities in California State Prison (July 19, 2006)The non-governmental organization Human Rights Watch raised concerns with prisoner rape and medical care for inmates. In a survey of 1,788 male inmates in Midwestern U.S. prisons by Prison Journal, about 21% claimed they had been coerced or pressured into sexual activity during their incarceration....and 7% claimed that they had been raped in their current facility. (from U.S. Incarceration/Wikipedia).

Comparison with other countries: The United States has the HIGHEST DOCUMENTED INCARCERATION RATE IN THE WORLD. (743 per 100,000 population), Russia has the second highest rate (577 per 100,000), followed by Rwanda (561 per 100,000). As of year-end 2009 the USA rate was 743 adults incarcerated in prisons and jails per 100,000 population. At year-end 2007 the United States had less than 5% of the world's population and 23.4% of the world's prison and jail population (adult inmates). By comparison the incarceration rate in England and Wales in October 2011 was 155 people imprisoned per 100,000 residents; the rate for Norway in May 2010 was 71 inmates per 100,000; Netherlands in April 2010 was 94 per 100,000; Australia in June 2010 was 133 per 100,000;[33] and New Zealand in October 2010 was 203 per 100,000. (from U.S. Incarceration/Wikipedia).

Incarceration rate in the USA for federal and state prisons in 2007 was the highest in history of the country. It was 5.5 times greater than the sharp peak that occurred during the Great Depression at 137 per 100,000 in 1939. Historically, the current US incarceration rate is comparable to the record-high COMMUNIST SOVIET UNION'S levels before World War II...when the USSR's population reached 168 million....and 1.2 to 1.5 million people were in the Russian Soviet Gulag system's prison camps and colonies. (i.e. about 800 people imprisoned per 100,000 residents, according to numbers from Anne Applebaum and Steven Rosefielde). The Communist Soviet Union's incarceration rates from 1934 to 1953 were historically the world's highest for a modern age country, according to The Gulag Archipelago book by Nobel Prize winner Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn. However, the US total population incarcerated is 2,266,800 as of 2010. That amounts to over 719 citizens per 100,000. (from U.S. Incarceration/Wikipedia).

These guys should be thanking the NYPD for trying to make their city a safer place. Now pass me a super sized sugary soda.

I live in a nice area. When I had just moved there , I was driving home late one night parked at a red light . Cop pulls up next to me and asks me where I was going - gave him my address and thanked him for stopping me - it made me feel safe. Offended ? I had longish hair and an older car - profiling - definatly. Was I offended by that - no , I didnt have anything to worry about

Prison rape commonly refers to the rape of inmates in prison by other inmates or prison staff.In 2010, Human Rights Watch estimated that at least 140,000 inmates had been raped while incarcerated......and there is a significant variation in the rates of prison rape by race. Just Detention International (formerly known as Stop Prisoner Rape, Inc.) estimate that young men are five times more likely to be attacked, and that the prison rape victims are ten times more likely to contract a deadly disease. (From Prison Rape in America/Wikipedia).

One day very soon it will happen to all males regardless of their color,race and/or where they live,work,and/or play.

Welcome to the United Police States of America .... wake up sheeple ... before it's too late !! ...

The lawsuit challenges the constitutionality of some of the stops, with lawyers arguing the policy unfairly targets minorities.Considering most of the high crime areas in this city have a majority black and hispanic population, I'm not sure why this is an issue.  Blacks and hispanics are NOT minorities in these neighborhoods.Another poor me black story, when the majority of black males stop breaking the law, get used to it, you created the problem live with it.

What was he doing leaving those syblings alone in an apartment at 11PM?  Something doesn't sound right.  I don't mean the cops were wrong.  It is better to be safe than sorry!

TROOPS ARE DUPES   to go fight in far flung shitholes for freedom when this has been going on for 10 years. big fail protecting freedom bubs.

How are these tactics any different than what the Gestapo did in Nazi Germany? The SS officer Werner Best, onetime head of legal affairs in the Gestapo, summed up it's policy by saying, "As long as the police carries out the will of the leadership, it is acting legally".

What? The next time a black man robs someone in NYC, their supposed to stop and frisk whites and asian's ?

The police do that to homeless people all the time, here in Knoxville.  Or anyone who just "looks homeless."  It's annoying, but best to go along unless you want to wind up in jail.

guilty until proven innocent.

"and published angry Facebook posts insulting the police department"and what on earth is wrong with that?still a free country isnt it? If anything, his "rant" proves he was emotionally disturbed by the incidents.

This is not America.

Unreasonable search and seizure is not legal. You know bloomberg is a loser. get rid of him.Unreasonable search and seizure is not legal. You know bloomberg is a loser. get rid of him.

I wonder how much it cost the NAACP to have that banner printed?This whole thing was staged and planned far in advance ! It is just another of their many tactics to devide this nation and It's just another prelude in preparation for something much greater that is expected to happen from them in the near future!Nostradamus said it best;  He will lead it to its greatest detriment!

New York has become a leftest dictatorship, Move your home or business while you are still permitted.

Welcome to Nazi America, the America D&amp;R created

911 has turned every Barney Fife cop into a "Don't question me cos I'm a cop" a"hole if they weren't one before. It's time to restrain these jerks who think they have to be obeyed because of the uniform. Tell your elected ifficials you won't stand for cops with no social skills. You won't get better cops until you demand better!

Probable cause HAS to equal more than race or we're just 1976 South Africa

Now if Obama really had it together, he'd come out and side with the police on this one. But.....his silence speaks volumes.

Stop these nonsense comments.  Mayor Doomberg says that Stop &amp; Frisk is OK.  Citizens walking outdoors with big cups of soda are a primary target.

Law suit.

Nonprofit worker translated a halfwit that can't keep their mouth shut long enough to get a job!Get those friggen scarfs off your head people!  You look Subversive and I have known many of you that are just that.  No More Head gear!

We have no rights anymore its all a lie...

love the line "who is black" because we couldn't tell from the photos

As Americans we are supposed to be innocent until proven guilty. Walking down the street to the corner store at 11:00 pm does not make one guilty of anything... except maybe bad planning.You should have bought milk after work. My point is this.. police used to need just cause to stop or search someone. Now if they think you look guilty of something they can stop, frisk &amp; detain you until they are certain your not a bad guy. I dont care what color your skin is, this has gone too far.

maybe some of these lawmakers should be subjected to this same type of treatment daily as they just try to get home handcuffed,searched,and just humiliated for no apparent reason,then see how they feel about it then ....

What a F***'n sissy...this is such #$%$..if you did nothing wrong there's nothing to worry about. I've been stopped a number of times, I'm polite and respectful of the officer(s) and eventually I'm on my way. People are just looking for ways to sue the big cash machine.

"...arguing the policy unfairly targets minorities". Well minorities are overwhelmingly criminal, and they typically target white people. So Fux them. Stop your cultural commitment to crime and maybe you wouldn't get profiled. I AM NOT saying that all minorities are criminals.

Cops that do that should be prosecuted. That's just wrong.

Wonders when all the White bankers will go to jail ? And yes I'm white!!!

They can stop and frisk people.You gotta hide tobacco products.You can't have sodas over 16 ounces.You are playing your ipod to loud,per Dictator Bloomberg.People really wants to live in a place like that?Each to their own i guess.The many mis-deeds of dictator Bloomberg who does he think he is GOD someone needs to get Bloomberg out of political office and ban him from ever holding any kind of political office.

Look up the 4th amendment.  "is the part of the Bill of Rights which guards against unreasonable searches and seizures"Without cause, the person's rights have been violated.What cracks me up is all the 2nd amendment folks who encourage violation of the 4th.  Heretics.

Many human rights groups, such as the Human Rights Watch and Stop Prisoner Rape, have cited documented incidents showing that prison staff tolerate rape as a means of controlling the prison population in general. The topic of prison rape is relatively common in American humor. Jokes such as "don't drop the soap" seem to suggest that prison rape is an expected (or acceptable) consequence of being sent to prison. This phenomenon is exemplified by the 2006 U.S. feature film Let's Go to Prison or the board game Don't Drop the Soap being marketed by John Sebelius, the son of Kathleen Sebelius. Songs have also been composed about the topic, e.g. the song "Prisoner of Love" by radio personalities Bob and Tom, performing as "Slam and Dave". U.S. Federal law, under the Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003, calls for the compilation of national prison rape statistics, annual hearings by a review panel, and the provision of grants to the states to address prison rape. (from Prison Rape in America/Wikipedia).

For most privileged, professional people, the experience of confinement is a mere brush, encountered after a kid’s arrest, say. For a great many poor people in America, particularly poor black men, prison is a destination that braids through an ordinary life, much as high school and college do for rich white ones. More than half of all black men without a high-school diploma go to prison at some time in their lives. Mass incarceration on a scale almost unexampled in human history is a fundamental fact of our country today—perhaps the fundamental fact, as slavery was the fundamental fact of 1850. In truth, there are more black men in the grip of the criminal-justice system—in prison, on probation, or on parole—than were in slavery then. Over all, there are now more people under “correctional supervision” in America—more than six million—than were in the Communist Gulag Archipelago under Stalin at its height. That city of the confined and the controlled, Lockuptown, is now the second largest in the United States. (from the New Yorker Magazine).

If you're going to do stop and frisk, you need one thing: police officers with common sense.If they abuse the power, good luck going door-to-door looking for witnesses after a crime has been committed.

well now was he a black, asian, mexican or rag head now days they are the only ones complaining about anything, everything is racist to them

Stop and frisk all Italians we know their all in the Mafia !

Who is that man in the pic. who is leading the marchers on the  left side of  the crowd of females that are carrying that banner!I'll bet that he is their preacher and organizer of that march against ''white rule'' over ''his people''!Soon NYC will become another Detroit, Pontiac, Highland Park, Flint, Toledo,Cleveland, Warren Oh. Philly,Chicago and all points east and west ,north and south of the U.S..

People, these ingrate racist blacks/latinos better choose between crimes by their young animal thugs or profiling by the police.  Profiling all young animal thugs for drugs/weapons would cut crime by 90%.  Whats wrong with these ingrate protesters?

Bull Chit, the cops that work these districts are well aware of the ones that might be carrying..If you dress like a thug, you get searched like a thug....In L.A. the cops know the same thing, but can't do anything but worry about the thug shooting them in the back when they walk away..It's not racism, it's common sense. If the majority of violent crime is committed in minority neighborhoods by minorities, you nit wits think cops should go and frisk old white people in Manhattan?Tell you what. Minorities stop killing each other, shooting up the streets, selling dope and being a general pain in the a-s, NY will stop frisking you. How's that?

Dude, your man card has been revoked!

I vote to halt the "stop and frisk" -- just let the boonies shoot each other and the libs too, and quit wasting money trying to stop it.

Maybe he had a large soda on him-Bloomberg strikes again

It's rare when a government program gets these type of results.  It must be stopped.

CPS workers showed up at a NRA Certified gun safety instructors home after posting a picture of his son with a .22 on Facebook....they had no search warrant!  They demanded him to open his gun safe &amp; wanted to inventory his guns....when he refused they threatened to take away his children!  Welcome to Obamaland which tramples on peoples privacy &amp; the Constitution!

Things go bad fast. Zimmerman &amp; Travon Jones for example. Black man feels he is being harassed and whitey goes balistic, then black goes balistic and someone goes to jail or dies.

It is his fault for living in the nanny state !

Frisking blacks and Hispanics - I wonder why when many of them look dirty, are foul mouthed and vulgar and look like hoodlums.  Too many of them live in ghettoes and are doing things to encourage frisking.

What's wrong with these people?  What they do all day, buy milk at 11 pm?Hand cuffing and placing a subject in the back of a police car is arrest. Taking his keys and entering his building is a search, which clearly required a warrant as the subject was unable to destroy evidence. Perhaps the public has been desensitized by watching all the illegal cowboy police work so typical of today's police shows on TV. More and more we are losing our rights in the name of safety or some police chiefs political need to reduce crime statistics so his political bosses and the people in his city think he is doing a good job. As far as the Racial issue goes, hopefully people of color will force the issue and stop this kind of police state from occurring in their neighborhoods. I certainly hope so.

Bloomberg is out of control

If they really want to reduce the crime rate, make everyone stay inside their homes!  Oh, wait, that leads to no business, no entertainment, no tourism AND no cops or politicians on the street!

24-year-old breaks down in NY stop, frisk trial- great acting....bravo liberals, bravo...

I smell lawsuit .

.."..I'm being oppressed, I'm being oppressed, look, see the oppression.."..The Holy Grail 1975

Yet, just blocks away, white collar criminals working on Wall Street snort cocaine by the barrels and not one of them have ever been stopped and frisked. As a society, we need to ask why.

40 million African Americans have had about 45 years since the passage of the U.S. Civil Rights Act in 1964 to recover from 300+ years of economic exclusion, slavery, racism, prejudice, abuse. They will continue to need our help in the form of social-welfare/tax-donations/public college funds/grants etc. for many years to come. This is a blessing to us if we pay willingly. We've had 300+ years of FREE-SLAVE LABOR here in the U.S. Poverty/abuse creates dysfunction/crime/mental illness etc.......this is Psychology 101. African American's are incarcerated at 5 times the rate of European Americans in relation to their population here. This poverty and history of societal abuse/slavery/racism is a clear explanation for higher crime rates among African Americans. This dysfunction/high-crime and high imprisonment rate among African Americans is also present in many Latin American countries/Brazil where large scale slavery....similar to U.S slavery......was practiced into the modern era. It takes more then 45 years to recover from 300+ years of economic exclusion/slavery/abuse etc.

African Americans have only had about 45 years...since the passage of the U.S. Civil Rights Act in 1964...to recover from nearly 300+ years of economic exclusion/slavery/racism/abuse. Continuing support to African-American communities....and others....through our government/tax dollars....is not unreasonable. Brazil also practiced slavery on a massive scale...similar to America...and now see severe dysfunction/poverty/crime in their African- Brazilian populations.

Stop and Frisk has been on the books for decades.  I'm a retired police officer and was able to retire because of Stop and Frisk instead of being planted before my time.  When a cop approaches "John Doe" John knows who he's talking to.  Not so the cop.  The cop can be talking to "Jack the Ripper" for all he knows.  The officer has the right to protect himself from the unknown party, ergo the Frisk.  The police officer is protected under the "Necessary and Proper" clause of the Constitution and tort law.  How  many of you whiners have what it takes to walk the "mean streets"?Nationwide I think the police should pull out of high crime areas for 90 days, let the K00NS eradicate themselves, and then bring in the street department to cleanup the garbage!!!

Why are they so afriad of the black man. Look what happen in ohio, colorado,  and look the killing at the colleges, this is your  law. Think, people, think this is wrong. What you should have been looking at, you don't

When the usual 15 % of the population commits 85 % of the crimes, who else should they be looking at to try and stop it BEFORE it happens ? How about those 15% ers give the rest of us a break on crime for a little while ? You don't like being "profiled" and we don't like being victims. How about a truce ? You stop and we'll stop....But you KNOW they won't, because that's ALL they know.

A person has a reasonable expectation to privacy and unreasonable search and seizure.  For a cop to walk up to a person and cuff them and search them and their property for no other reason then they are in a high crime area, is wrong.  Must have a reason to cunduct a frisk and question.  Not because "I feel like messing with someone today.  Let's pick on him."  I see all kinds of Constitutional Rights violations here and it needs to be stopped, now.

Police go where the crime is — and crime is overwhelmingly in minority neighborhoods. That may be true, but last time I checked isn't there an Amendment about persons right to search and seizure...oh wait nevermind, NY doesn't care about you. NY cares about its politicians and what they want. They want to search you, gag you and take away any means of defending yourself. Alot like N. Korea.

coustom official stopped me at lake charles because i was hispanic.  i don't look columbian.  most people think i look european.

Article quote of cuffed man: "To be treated like that, by someone who works for New York City, I felt degraded and helpless," he said."Lots of people/most anyone stopped and cuffed by cops will feel humiliated, helpless or treated unfairly. We tend to see the cops as stopping bad guys so when an innocent is made to look like a "bad guy" it doesn't feel good. I'd feel that way too. But this feeling cannot be equated with being treated unfairly. It only means I don't feel good about the experience itself.

You know Nazi Germany had a similar program with the Gestapo.  They also had a really low crime rate.

The dramatically reduced murder rate in NYC ought to out weigh the sensitivities of those inconvenienced by Stop and Frisk.  If You had to guess which person would be most likely to pose a threat would you choose a middle aged white woman or a young male of any group?

Give me a break, he's going to cry about being stopped and frisked?  Who hasn't, it's notthat bad.  Grow up and get over it.Gee, I guess I best document all obnoxious behaviour by public officials but there is not enough time in the day.

Hey NY.  You elected the officials who make the laws/rules in your City/State.  Live with it &amp; suffer.

May be they can use TSA people for frisking ;) They seems to got it pat down

NY has turned into a police state, The stop and frisk program is harassment and should be stopped.

They frisk the blacks to get the drugs off thr streets. There doing there job

I think they should give the jack wads what they want. Keep the police off the streets. Don't interfere with the people's rights. The line from a A Few Good Men says it best. "You want me on that wall, you need me on that wall." If these people are too stupid to understand that then fu(c) em. Let them fend for themselves until they come back begging for someone to keep the streets civil.I've always found it amazing how the weak and impotent want bad people to be treated like innocent children and they want someone else to do it. Let them handle the situation on their own and watch the tune change right quick.

What frickin poossy.

..this is so very wrong it must be stopped..

Racism is ingrained in police depts all across the this country and no reforms will change that.

OH MYMy crystal ball sees a new quota system for frisking, won't change anything just inconvenience a proportionate share of non-minority people

I'd rather see people stopped and frisked than people stopped and mugged at gunpoint.

The problem with the country today are all the NONPROFITS they need to work for profit to pay their own bills and not depend on the taxpayers.

New York City is an open sewer ruled by a tyrannical mayor who directs the most harsh Gestapo in Amerika.

Police can't win. No matter what they do, they're going to be blamed by the "professional complainers."If they concentrate their activities in the more well-to-do neighborhoods, then people will say that they're neglecting the poorer and minority neighborhoods.If they increase police presence in those poorer and minority neighborhoods, they're going to be accused of racism and harassment.Yes, cops aren't perfect. But remember this: When most people hear gunshots, they run away. When police hear gunshots, they run *toward* the sound.Try to imagine having a job in which you might be killed at any time, and being almost universally hated by the very same people you're sworn to protect.I'm not trying to get everybody to cry a river for the police. But try to look at it from both sides. Hey, I've been profiled...I see it as cops doing their job.

Another wonderful lib policy to protect us.

Give um their guns back, clears the herd down and they make good fertilizer..Illinois sweet corn is the best in the country...

NYC is not the only city that has cops that care nothing about individual rights, the Constitution or anything except what they want.  All across the country is the same and many of the actions are coordinated by Homeland Security,

T'is a nation of guns and weapons - get rid of all of these and problems will ease up substantially.. I myself am verry scared of walking down any streets in case I look the wrong way at a person or persons let alone say something to anyone for fear of being shot or knifed..!!

They should start a riot down there,I would if I got treated like thatNon profit workers make no money. He takes care of 3 siblings. No wonder the poor guy cried. All that stress and then cops keep stopping him. I hope he wins.

For American prisoners, huge numbers of whom are serving sentences much longer than those given for similar crimes ANYWHERE ELSE in the civilized world—Texas alone has sentenced more than four hundred teen-agers to LIFE imprisonment—time becomes in every sense this thing you serve. (from New Yorker Magazine).

U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics. Not adjusted for inflation. In 2007, around $74 BILLION was spent on corrections in the United States.The total number of inmates in 2007 in federal, state, and local lockups was 2,419,241. That comes to around $30,600 per inmate. The U.S. has the highest number of inmates on earth....as well as the highest per capita number of inmates on earth. (this means the number of inmates locked up......per thousand of the population). We are a prison/incarceration loving nation.

There are now more black men under the control of the U.S. Prison System.....then were enslaved in 1860. (from Press TV and about 20 other mainstream media outlets).

Why the protesters are not at work on a Monday morning?They're hoping that the hommies will share their award money.........???

The headline should have read "Medical Student Aspires to be Rodney King and Incite Hate and Mayhem Between the Races"....this guy should not become a doctor.

Do like the rural cops do. He grabs a dog. His  own mutt will do or grab one from the pound if in a hurry. Judges are just now asking about dog certifications sometimes? If the cop says dog alerted which could be anything from staring off in space to licking its balls. He does not need a judge. he can search you, your car, your HOME. And we all know police are known for telling the truth. You have no rights. So sad, there is no sanctity of home anymore. We are a police state open your eyes see the truth.

America's Criminal Cops DEGRADE EVERYONE, not just minorities...

I'm too busy working, taking care of my family and paying taxes to have free time during the day to protest. I amazed at how these people have the time.

Of course, this is where the story ends. We will never hear the other side of this inflammatory article. Care to follow up at a later date? There will be no record.The U.S. has the highest per capita incarceration rate on earth....as well as the highest overall number of prison and jail inmates. African Americans are incarcerated at 5 times the rate of European/white Americans in relation to their population here. Many Republicans and California prison-guard unions lobbied for tougher sentencing laws in the 1990's....which skyrocketed incarceration rates/prison building/prison supplying business....and private prison management business. The U.S. Civil Rights Act was passed in 1964.....this has given 38 million African Americans......who make up a large percentage of the poor in America.....about 45 years to recover from 300+ years of economic exclusion/slavery/abuse/racism....do Republicans have anything to say about this?....beside proposing $133 BILLION dollars in food-stamp cuts?.....which is a TAX ON THE POOR. Were any of these senators/representative ever investigated in the 1990's to see if they had ties/investments in the private prison building, private prison supplying or private prison management industries?...did they profit from pushing tougher sentencing laws/increased prison building?.

Are these parolees? Give some background Yahoo!. A little journalism would be nice. If you can'rt give us the who, then just give us the why. Why are people being stopped and frisked? This seems to be counter to our constitutional rights. What is the reason they are doing this?

They are probably just searching for banned Big Gulps

That picture just shows the typical problem with this country.  More of a reason that this practice should be continued and perhaps increased.

This country is doomed. I can not believe how many people are in support of warrant-less searches. You realize that public support and the belief that it actually keep you safe, is all this needs to show up where you live. Its an Illusion people, youre not more safe....far from it. You treat people like criminals they will act as such, you can bet on that.

There would be outrage if it happened in middle class neighborhoods. Just remember that as other nations rise, like China, our middle class is getting smaller year by year. This could be anyone in the USA in a decade.

No 2nd amendment rights, no 4th amendment rights, no large sodas - even Snake Plissken wouldn't visit this New York.

Cops, one lies and his partner will swear to it.

whine.....whine.....whine....what do you want violence or a peaceful place to live....get over it.  he was probably worried one of his siblings was smoking dope and would get caught!

City attorneys said officers operate within the law and do not target people solely because of their race. Police go where the crime is, Stop and frisk is legal, even if you have done nothing illegal. What a blatant violation of your constitutional rights against illegal search and seizure.I hate when they only tell half of the story.  Worse yet, when I know both sides and I don't know how I feel.  They must have some indication for the stop and frisk.  I do not have the NYC handbook, but I have seen a different one.  The rules are fairly clear and it is done to try and reduce the crime rate.  On the other hand I would not like to be stopped and frisked.  One of the indicators is flashing known gang sign language.  Well, that could be misinterpreted.  Keep the streets safer and possibly infringe on rights or definitely let criminals walk free.  Lose lose proposition.

Blacks, haven't been a minority in a very long time and it's also fact that they commit the most crimes, take up most of the space in prisons and jails, they can't comprehend that they are Americans, not "African-Americans" (When's the last time you went around saying that you weren't an American, that you were Swedish-American, Italian-American, Russian-American, etc, etc, etc.), they refuse to admit their own past and continue to play the race card at every turn, they run round knockin white girls up and being dead beat dads to interracial children (which interracial children have it bad enough as it is growing up), and the list goes on.

Is there something uneven about this?1) It is just fine to stop any black person on the street and frisk him for weapons, assuming him to be a criminal. This "screening" is a valid public safety measure.2) It is unconstitutional to stop (white) me and demand my identification when I attempt to buy a gun at a gun show. This "screening" violates my Constitutional rights.

I've only heard bad things a majority of the time about the NYC police department. Its sad, they should be ashamed for how they conduct themselves.

This "Us against Them " #$%$ has to stop. We ,The People, got together and formed Law Enforcement Agencies that we collectively pay to protect us ,not tyerrorized or harrass us. For free American citizens to endure what that young man had to Four times is totally unacceptable and how has this been going on in America for 10 years?

This law has to be unconstitutional . Where is ACLU !!!!

Police can enforce any law they make up on the spot, because they are all honest and ethical.  Anyone who is not a law enforcement officer is a criminal.

This is disgusting. You're telling me you can legally harass American citizens, waste their time on their tax dollars, and worry their families, all because some cop has a "hunch?" I hope this case gets elevated to the Supreme Court. We have a Constitution for a reason.

Stopping minorities apparently stops crime once every ten times.  Stop being criminals and you wont be treated like one

Bloomy has his own little Gestapo going10 years and 88% of stops result in nothing.  If this isn't a blatant disregard of the 4th amendment, what is?

if it quacks like a duck walks like a duck it must be a black person with a story of mistreatment the only problem is 80% of all crimes are commited by blacks, but we can't talk about that

when money is involved i can cry too.

I saw a guy driving like a maniac the other day, didnt know he was black until he unsafely passed me and others by. If he got pulled over would that be "Racial Profiling"?

not everyone likes being cuffed and felt up and down for no reason by someone who wants to put you in jail its degrading

Going out for milk at 11 p.m.? Let's see, and Trayvon was out getting Skittles and iced tea, late at night, wearing a hoodie in the rain. Both are/were Boy Scouts for sure and there was absolutely no reason to stop anybody other than a quota, right?Weeping on the witness stand? Right out of the racial victimization handbook that promises a big payout if done right.

NO..NO...No...Can't have the cake &amp; eat it too.YOUR NOT THE minorities anymore REMEMBER ?Bend over and take it like a MAN.

Terry vs Ohio (1968) is the landmark case for stop &amp; frisk.In short: the cop had better have an articulable reason - period.What's going on in NYC is pure hogwash!

Not trying to be racist but 50% of murders in the U.S. are committed by young black males who are only 4% of the population. You are 200 times more likely to be victimized by a young black male than by a young white male. Hispanics have a similar issue with crime. So are we really unfairly targeting minorities or are the minorities failing to admit they have a problem? Okay, he was upset by the stop and frisk but he was ultimately released with no charges. It's not as though the police are framing people, they are policing people who are statistically most likely to commit a crime. Just saying...

Well - if there was not so much niqqa crime, these police tactics would not be necessaryFuhgedahbahditt!

Picture looks like Syria or somewhere in middle east.

FORGET STOP  AND FRISK  Just  shoot  and kill  the toads

I'm gonna let you folks in on a little secret: A lot of middle-age and upper blacks in the 'hood, have fallen in love with the "Stop &amp; Frisk" procedure. I wonder why?

The article made a very valid point.  Most of the crimes are committed by minorities.  If minorities would  police their own, maybe NYPD wouldn't have to.  The way some dress (like pimps, gang bangers) shows no self respect or respect for others.  Maybe the demonstrators should put the energy into taking care of their own.  I would not want to be a cop in NY.

"Only 10% results in arrest...." I would say that the profiling works. Thanks to that 10%there may be hundreds of lives saved and many more crimes prevented.

Obama didn't do this.

"City attorneys said officers operate within the law and do not target people solely because of their race. Police go where the crime is — and crime is overwhelmingly in minority neighborhoods, city lawyers said"This is why officers target blacks more than whites!!! This is the reality that police officers face every day!!!This is why Mr Zimmerman questioned Treyvon Martin!!!Blacks need to stop acting like theyre all good law abiding citizens when everybody knows including themselves  how black culture is so criminally rampant in their neighborhoods!! The #1 killer of black men is OTHER BLACK MEN!!!!

There are many who are supposed to uphold the law but instead acting as if they are beyond the law when they act stupid when they do dumb s.... such as handcuffing someone and going into their homes.

The Police are run by the Nazi regimes of the Republican and democratic parties!They have been and continue to slowly remove our rights / freedoms that the founding fathers fought and sacrificed for!The constitution is not even worth the paper it was written on as it has too many amendments that have changed its original content!Years ago there where only 10 commandments and now there more than 38,000 laws governing our every f’n move?I do not and never will respect the Law just as I do not and never will respect our incompetent, useless and severely corrupted US Government!Keep your filthy hands off of me and my wallet you #$%$ dirty politicians!I do not need you telling me how to live, what to drink or eat or anything for that matter!It is you that needs me for taxes, war and court fines to keep you mega mismanaged system of BS afloat!One of BO's ACORN 47%  .

If police would take time to know the peoples....they will be way better at detecting when someone isn't acting right. They also would know what is right and that is called decernment. That comes from years of experience, watching shows like Judy Judy where she call detect much easier after.....years of experience, reading books on deception etc. They go in blind, the push their weight around like a football player on steroids, they insist you are #$%$ out of insecurity not out of truth. They mistake following the law as needing to be above it in order to have control. They are too proud to be humble lest they make a mistake but right there they already have.  Did I miss anything?

Another racial issue by a black!!! He should be thankfull that they are checking people!! What if the police had checked someone who was entering his building on the intent of robbing someone or maybe killing someone and what if the person in the criminals eyes was Mr Pert! Hes just looking for a reason to sue and make a quick buck like most racial cases of supposed discrimination!!!!

Many join the police force to abuse power.  Many join the police force to serve and protect.  Many join the police force for the groupie p(_)ssy.

it is times like these that I wish I were white.  That way, I could always be above suspicion and do whatever I want.  to the whites on this comment section.  In all seriousness, what is it like to go through life and never be suspected of wrongdoing or viewed as a criminal?  I really want to know.As a father of a 14 year-old young man, who plays soccer, lacrosse and likes to listen to iron maiden and kings of leon, I wish I didn't have to tell my son that no matter how well you do in school or that both your parent's have Masters degrees, you will always be viewed with suspicion.  Do any white fathers have to have that talk with their sons?  I really want to know.  Should I say to my son that he should understand and accept the way others view him because of a small percentage of the Black community commit crimes?   I would really like to tell him that, "In this country, you are judged by your actions alone."  However, I would be lying to him.  The harsh reality is that, at the end of the day, he will always be guilty until proven innocent.

Stop one drug dealer is worth the stop an frisk anyone.  Blacks are thee worst ones.  Who In their right mind would be buying milk at 11:00 PM.  That is a drug deal going down.

Yeah,n day tuuk ma gat annn ma smoke, ann I wants paid fa dat chit mann,git al shawpton,were jesse at man,,hey obama were my check mosnacky,,

Seeing as how 52.6 percent of the population is black or hispanic seems like most of the stops (not being in Queens) would be of blacks or hispanics. Not seeing the problem here.

Take a look at all the pictures and you get who these complainers are. Must have stopped by on the way to or from getting their food stamps.

He cried about being stopped and frisked?  Really??  The psychological toughness of the average american is approaching that of a Victorian-era school girl....amazing...and despite....hundreds of billion$ in massive bail-out ...those responsible (White Republican Males)...not a single person arrested......of all the crime done by thugs,...it isn't ...even a fraction of the cost of ...republicans...White collar crime...republicans ..wiped-out; life-savings, retirement funds, neighborhoods,..the American Economy...and not a single White Republican ...has been arrested...

Most people that become cops dont do it for the right reason. They just want to be above the law.

And the U.S. takes another step towards becoming Nazi Germany.I'm a white law-abiding citizen that hates high crime rates, but this conduct is unconscionable.They'll be doing this to EVERYONE soon.

Once a schoolyard bully gets his #$%$ kicked he realizes he needs a badge and other bullies to back him up

"He testified that he was walking to the corner store at about 11 p.m. to get milk..."I'm guessing he bought a 2 liter bottle of soda.  Cops had to make sure he had no assault-sugary-drinks in his apartment per Nanny Bloomberg's orders.

I guess carrying a bag is probable cause now...what constitution?

Seems pretty typical of New York and California's laws these days. Everyday American citizen's personal rights are being infringed on.

i am profiled every day. i am white and black people still view me as a slave owning, cracker racist. its so unfair! my family didn't even come to america until the late 1950's and had nothing to do with creating any racial tension. but i still hear what they say. white people are to blame for everything! so now because i am white. who or where do i turn to for help? or to stop all of this stereotyping?  oppps, i almost forgot i'm white. we don't share the same entitlement just because of OUR skin color.

no one likes to be shaken down when they have done no wrong by overzealous wyatt earp wannabes.hard to look innocent when they see you as suspicious.

It is unconstitutional ,clearly a violation of the peoples rights .They handcuffed him and took his keys and went inside his building - THAT'S IT?! WHAT A #$%$!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I cannot agree with this tactic.  I see no issue with stopping and questioning someone in polite conversation.  Perhaps asking for their ID to have checked for warrants, but physically detaining someone who is not a suspect in a crime for simply walking down the street is wrong.  Searching someones personal belongings without a warrant is wrong.  I feel sorry for New York.  The politicians and officials representing the government are so power hungary.  I would not want these kind of laws in my home town.  I will never regret living in a rural area over one of these cities.  Don't get me wrong.  I'm sure their are plenty of low lifes in the areas they are doing this in, but those who give up their freedoms for safety deserve neither.  I would also like to say to some of the good people living in bad areas that you should concider doing something some would say is crazy.  Leave the city and find you a rural area.  Find an area where you can grow your own food and breath fresh air.  Don't let the nay sayers tell you how bad it is in these areas.  You may have to drive instead of taking public transit and you may have to find something else to do for fun instead of hanging out at various places in the city, but their is so much more to life than living in a city.  You would be surprised how enjoyable it is to sit on a pourch swing and feel a warm breeze blow across your face.  To watch a few chickens peking the ground for bugs.  The smell of honey suckles in early spring.  To be able to watch your children playing in the woods without having to worry about some bad guy trying to sell them drugs or get them to join a gang.  You can do it if you choose to, but remember to leave your city attitude behind.  The known way is not always the best way.

who cares?

How is that RIGHTS only become an issue when some so called "minority"(ies) feels they are put upon.  Daily AMERICANS TAXPAYERS of all races/ethnic groups are taxed without representation, made to pay for goods and services for people who sneak into this country, are denied access to other services because of limited resources created by giving them away to people who are in this country illegally, have their voting power diluted when non-citizen are allowed to vote, must show ids for everything, while others are given a pass, their very right to speak freely is abridged or restricted daily.  If af.American and hispanic males are tired of being frisked, then they need to tell their  fellow brothers to stop bring attention to themselves as a group by doing stupid and violent  crimes, carrying gun when they know they don't have the self-control nor the  fn sense to have a weapon in their possession.  Stop back-talking will go along way, stop dressing and looking like an escapee from a mental hospital (Nobody but a crazy person shows their #$%$crack).  Simple right?  No!  They WANT to make a stink to get the pressure off them so they can really do damage!  Imagine if they were allowed to walk around with a gun(s) while being  constantly told that they are always right by the current mind-set in this country (esp. in post "Jango Unchained" era). There could possibly be mass killing of whites people daily (much worst than what happens daily in the black community where they don't respect the life(will kill for $2.00) of those that look like them, we are supposed to think they respect the lives of others who don't look like them. PLEASE!

If the crime rate is way down due to this technique and they are safer in the city , why are they complaining ?

i have never been stopped and frisked in my life. the reason??? i don't dress like a hood, i don't walk the streets at night, i don't play music loud enough to wake the dead, and i don't hang out in places that are known for crime. in short, i look and act the part of a decent, law abiding citizen. maybe these idiots should try my approach???

Why are they refered to as minoritys? They out number white people at least three to one

Notice that there's never a protest march with signs saying, "Stop the black thugs from victimizing everyone in our neighborhood".

I'd like to know how anyone would feel if they were just going out to get a gallon of milk only to have handcuffs put on you with your keys taken and the police invading your home scaring your kids. It's not right if no crime was committed.

The United States has 5% of all the world's population...and 25% of the world's prison inmates. African-Americans are incarcerated here at a much higher rate than European Americans in relation to their share of the overall population. This is likely the result of 300 years of economic exclusion/slavery/racism and poverty which has created extreme dysfunction in these communities. Brazil...who also practiced slavery on a massive scale..similar to the U.S....also suffers from extreme dysfunction, crime and poverty in their large African-Brazilian populations. Long term economic exclusion and societal abuse creates dysfunction.....Psychology 101. The U.S. Civil rights Act was only passed in 1964.Why were these people stopped? I'm Sure there had to be cause, the NYPD would never ever do anything like racial profiling. This kind of stuff only happens in LA, Phoenix, and the deep south, doesn't it?  Bloomberg wants to be BIG BROTHER and therefore control the lives of all in NYC.  Only the poor, homeless, and minority ethnic groups can possibly be doing something suspicious, according to Bloomberg's, "you go where the crime is" statement. Just exactly where is the crime?  I'll bet crime is spread out all over NYC, and some of the likely criminals are the cops too.  I wonder what would happen if the cops stopped Donald Trump, or one of the local political leaders, on either side? Now that would be VELLY INTERESTING, and stupid. OK, there are just reasons to "stop and frisk" people but, the more I read about this on going trial, the more I smell something, stinky.RANT FINISHED

You want a city free of crime but you want to tie the police departments hands on tactics. Im Not condoning or condemning , but to make an omelet you gotta break a few eggs.

Better not have a 20oz. coke on you when they stop you, you'll be in Bloomberg's fat prison for sure....What a bunch of socialist losers out there!

More minorities blaming others for their problems just like Obama.

America's Criminal Cops DEGRADE EVERYONE, not just minorities...

Bunch of liberal racist BS... and of course the strong man is weeping... how pathetic

Isn't it funny that all the gun nuts who are so afraid of big government getting into people's lives are all for this.

Look at the people that are protesting.A rag head,black,latino. Of course they want it repealed there the ones we want out of here!

should be stop, frisk and shoot

According to the whistle-blower mentioned in the article, the cops have a quota they have to meet or be punished. But if they blow the whistle on the situation, they face charges on what they had to do to meet that quota. Nice trap they have set up.No Comment...

poor little monkey

It seems like everybody involved is missing the point. I don't care if the cops are targeting minorities. That is irrelevant. The fact is, the police should not have the legal authority to stop anybody who is walking down the street, or "acting suspiciously" or whatever other nonsense the cops claim to use when stopping people. I'm sick and tired out police thinking they can do whatever they please. The Constitution does not apply in NYC apparently. Living here feels like I am living in 1984, with constant "see something, say something" messaging, and reminders that the police have the right to randomly search your bags. I really don't know how the courts have not struck down these random search policies. Last time I checked walking through a train station, or walking down the street at night is not a crime.

Probable cause is needed for arrest.  The bar for stop and frisk is reasonable suspicion.  [Terry Vs. Ohio]  Without this tool the honest people that live in minority neighborhoods could not venture into the streets.

I was stopped and frisked for drinking a Big Gulp. It wasn't the police that stopped me, it was the Mayor. If the people want this behavior to change, they need to vote for some people who ahve common sense instead of those who think Nanny government is the answer.

this bill is being fought under the wrong circumstances. It's not a matter of race, it's a matter of common sense. This practice should have never been legal to begin wit. This pressure all that it will accomplish is that every day police with S&amp;F more whites to make it look like they are not discriminating. It will be a window treatment BS. After 10 years of abuse the white community will be protesting like the black one does today and the bill may then deemed illegal. So there you go, 1-2 decades of messing with society in yet another demonstration that government moves by interests and not by logic.

Marshal law is an effective crime fighting tool.  Especially if you shoot people on site after curfew.  How many of you guys would be for that?

This government doesn't give a rat's behind about the Constitution.  Get over it, or fight back.

From all I'm hearing about NY I'm glad I never followed my childhood dream to live there. If the     Police wanted to stop and frisk me we'ed all be going down to the station. That is just wrong, and an abuse of power.

It's blacks in NY and Hispanics in AZ.  Both are hate related but condoned because it doesn't affect the whites.  When they start stopping and frisking the "man" then you will hear a very loud complaint, until then ain't nothing gonna be done.  By the way, I am white and live in small midwest town where when they stop and #$%$ they know who you are and what you are probably up to.WAA WAAA WAA-AND NOBODY WAS HARMED!

where's Mr Holder on this one - Oh that's right he's best buddies with someone

What idiot would even dream that could be even microscopically legal. Just because you are a cop (or politician) does NOT put you above the law or the Constitution.

pert(y) lame and quite melodramatic

time to REVOLT NOW before it's TOO LATE

Yawn, yawn, yawn.  The majority of Inner-city crime is black-on-black crime.  Come on people, stop being so ignorant.  The black inner-city culture is centered around gangs, drugs, and violence, so let's stop avoiding the truth.

Then there's "knock and talk"  where they push right past you as soon as the door cracks open.  They search your place without consent, then tack some petty crime on you to cover up their actions.

IV Amendment: The right of the people to be securedin their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.Did they have a probable cause accompanied with a search warrant signed by a competent judge of proper jurisdiction? NO? Then they have no lawful right to carry out a search. Until it starts costing them, they will continue their unlawful acts.

Why is stop and frisk legal ?  Where's the probable cause ?    This is an erosion of all Americans rights - not just blacks in New York City.

Citizens have the right to protect themselves from the SS. NYPD is going to stop the wrong person for no reason and they are going to become victims themselves and it will be bloombergs fault for his policiesCitizens have the right to protect themselves from the SS. NYPD is going to stop the wrong person for no reason and they are going to become victims themselves and it will be bloombergs fault for his policies

Here's an idea: snitch instead of coddle the criminals that rob and kill you.  If my neighbor started selling drugs or robbing people I would not hesitate to report them to the police.  Otherwise stop and frisk is the only tool available, and no-snitch types basically asked for it.

one step closer to losing (already lost in NYC) rights that should not be violated regardless of anything - what right does anyone (especially the police) have to stop anyone like this - explain this one to me - I'd rather live with the risk of terrorism as a free person then to live in a police state

´´City attorneys said officers operate within the law and do not target people solely because of their race. Police go where the crime is — and crime is overwhelmingly in minority neighborhoods, city lawyers said.´´BINGO!

you people better wake up. most of you dont remember ww2 and the #$%$  its here alive and growing

This guy breaks down and crys because he was frisked? What a pu(s)(s).!!!! Hes just priming the future lawsuit for a bigger cash payout on "emotional distress"  defense!!!!

Dennis lives in South Carolina, how do you say out of the hot pan into the fire. If you want a better life for your kids South Carolina is not where you want to be.

Bloomberg's porch light has been flickering for a couple of years now...his elevator will never reach the top floor.

call a spade a spade. the truth is the minorities are dragging down this country. but its always whiteys fault why they do it. they just cant figure out why its whiteys fault. dont get me wrong. its not all minorities in this country. just the ones who dont want to get educated, think this country owes them something for nothing.

If minorities stopped commiting most of the crime, the cops will start with the whites.It's simple do'nt fit the profile

...trillions lost in the Iraq War, ....tens of thousands dead and forever injured...republicans; ...have cost more ...than any thug on a corner....NO Excuses for the thug.....but...White Republicans, ..always fail...to look at 'W', DICKcheney, dumsfeld, ....an republican administration...that almost ..destroyed America .....with political lies for.....failed policies.....

I would think the NYC Police would be busy busting folks for smuggling Big Gulps?

Five MILLION stops, and because of a couple of whiners, this is a big deal?  Stop crying, man up, and go on with your day.  Get over it...lives have been saved, crimes have been prevented.

No where does it state that the police must have "just cause" to stop someone.  All articles make it seem that the police have full freedom to stop anyone they want to at any time.  What happened to innocent until proven guilty?  When did stop, cuff, frisk and steal your house keys become legal just because you live in a "high crime neighborhood"?

Those pigs should be shot dead in the streets.

I only wonder why anyone would chose to work, live or visit NYC.

We need the police to go into the wall street high crime area and stop and frisk and put handcuffs on those guys. We wouldn't need probable cause we know those guys are criminals.

Only in NYC where the mayor is the new Lil Hitler. I wouldn't step inside the boarders of that hell hole to save my life.

What the hell is this "Stop and Frisk" thing in N.Y.?  I thought Hitler died years ago.If Pert lied once, he will lie 2,3, 4 on and on /times.  The police aren't in upper Manhattan stopping and frisking.  They are policing the high crime rate areas..And you better believe when something bad happens in those areas  and the police aren't there, guess who is going to be complaining about police protection?  "WHERE WAS OUR POLICE WHO ARE PAID TO PATROLE OUR STREETS AND PROTECT US."   "THEY ONLY PROTECT THE MORE UP SCALE NEIGHBORHOODS AND DON'T WORRY ABOUT OUR NEIGHBORHOODS." Boo hoo...I would place a bet that neither Devin Almonor or David Floyd  were dressed when they were stopped and frisked like they are heading to the civil trial.  MAYBE BLACKS AND HISPANICS ARE STOPPED AND FRISK BECAUSE THEY ARE NO. 1 ON THE CRIME RATE LISTS..

I could cry on demand and feel very "violated" for a price. I've just got to get the opportunity to sue someone.

"Papers, show us your papers"

you blacks and Mexicans quit causing trouble and you won't get stopped stupid idiots stay in school to...........semper fi...........

In other words.........A WHITE MANS "JUSTICE" IS A BLACK MANS GRIEF!

"The lawsuit challenges the constitutionality of some of the stops, with lawyers arguing the policy unfairly targets minorities." How can it be unfair when it has been proven time and again that minorities commit an overwhelming majority of ALL crimes. Do something to change the way your race is perceived instead of whining about the way you are treated. These stats are just violent crimes. If you do your own research you'll find the same things, maybe with slightly different numbers but not by much.OVERALL VIOLENT CRIMEWhite:265,754 = 107 per 100k.Black:179,636 =473 per 100k.OVERALL BLACKS COMMIT CRIMES AT A RATE 4.4(440%) TIMES THAT OF WHITES.

The 4th amendment is suppose to prevent this?

If blacks don't want their neighborhoods watched by the police because they don't like being frisked then pull the police and let them have at each other!!! I bet they'll be screaming of racism even more when  the police are not saving them from themselves!!Besides they need to shut up if they want  to keep the possibility of future law suits for monetary gain on their side!!! They won't have the city governments to sue to line their pockets cash with supposed racial law suits, this is a possible financial windfall for the blacks of new york!!

24 year old baby,Patheic

Cry baby....dang the police have been pigs all my life, best of luck getting those Aholes under controlWhen did we go from-"innocent until proven guilty" to "You are all guilty of something so to hell with your rights"

They go were the crime is-and that is in the black neighborhoods.What is so hard to understand about that?

I dont understand what the big deal is, its "Stop and Frisk", not "Stop and Arrest". Unless the officer finds something. The fact of the matter is that a majority of crimes are committed by blacks and hispanics, so there is a basis for the stops.

Was he carrying a big gulp or a Krispy Cream.............

back in '10, the N.Y. P.D. caught a Terrorist with a Bomb in His Car.  Did You Forget all of A Sudden?z.&gt;  duh

Most Muslim's think of N.Y. as the New Babylon....think about it...duh

if your not carrying drugs,weapons,porn with children, and your conducting yourself sane, the police will let you go after just a minute or maybe two.  how else can they prevent people intent on causing death to americans?...think about it.

this stuff increased after nine=eleven....think about it....duh

Loved how they made mention he was black before anything else was said in article, where you live you have to adapt to things and if you live in a high crime area so be it!! Stop whining, these people where good compared to the 90% who aren't in there neighborhood, the officers are makin sure they don't get a knife in the back or shot when making random stops!

martial law????Cops have a job to do and I give them a lot of credit. There is a bit more to what goes on then what is told in this story. Why are these people always crying?

I've been stopped and frisk before in Brooklyn, sad thing is this seems racial but in my opinion not.. Only black people and hispanics killing each other in the city so ofcourse more of them will be subject to this law. I am black and I didnt have anything to hide, they stopped me, frisked me, asked me a couple questions I was on my way, I wasnt even #$%$.

what constitution??????what amendment we are the cops!!!!! bwa ha ha ha haaaaa!

#$%$ the government will allow anything, here in Wisconsin Debra Fohr, the State appointed attorney for a child said that it is a mothers Right to get a child high, I told the Judge and he just ignored it.  Hell I told Court Commissioner Dean Zemel about the child abuse and he outright lied on the record for the mother.  They're official oppression knows no boundries.

get hispanic and black officers from other cities and set up a sting in those neiborhoods, and let them tell us what the real deal is.

You cant film a cop abusing innocent people,  you have your rights taken away,  they can do as they please to you and who can you turn to for protection from the cops. That is why I will not live in a crooked town like NYC

cops dont even have a delegation of authority, they have no right to stop anyone and detain them if no crime was commited, thats why donner is my hero, he killed these pigs!

Are we living in Nazzi Germany now? (spelled wrong on purpose)

I want the Police to protect me, but I don't want them to stop and search anyone. I want the Police to KNOW who the bad people are, but not to stop and search anyone unless they see them do something wrong. OK. The Police are NOT damm mind readers. The Crooks would love to be able to roam freely without fear of being stopped by the Police. Let the Police do their jobs, the Police won't stop you unless you look like a #$%$ and act like a #$%$. Stop whining

Constitution means nothing in the name of " war on terrorism."  Live with it &amp; accept it all you Americans......big brother is watching.Why should my rights be taken away because I live in a bad neighborhood ?

Lets stop all Duffy looking white people when they go into malls,movie theaters,schools,parks and other places because they are the one killing 30 people at once  with there semi automatics that they have. White people r on a rampant this year opening fire on people for know reason . white people always screaming mental illness yeah right

If it looks and smells like a rat then...........

Most police now are #$%$. They are young punks that use whatever tactic they want and they have no conscience of what they are there for anymore. The city doesnt care because all they are is a tool to bring in revenue for them. Unless you are rich and privelidged, you have no rights in this country anymore.

Suck it up cry-baby candy-a|s|s. You can't stand the heat, get out of the fire. If you want to cry, try going on Oprah, she loves that. If you don't want to be treated like a thug, quit acting like one. Move away if you find NY to be too depressing.

"We gotta take the power back"

Next time I visit the Big Apple I'm going in drag! LMAO

Courteous, Professionalism, Respect, those words printed on each nypd patrol car. It's time to remove those words.

Sounds to me Cry Wolf. Exaggeration to what really happened. Don't give police a reason to do their jobs! Sorry Frisking is part of their job description!  Dont like it change your ways!

New York was known as the Empire State not anymore. Just call it the police state.At least ,let me be frisk by a female cop .

I've noticed it's always two to three white officers in unmarked vehicles  feeling up on blk and Latino men. If this isn't racial profiling than what is. In Tennessee a test on racial prejudice is given if you  want to become a cop.  Racial profiling does exist all across this country whether your driving a nice car that you worked hard or just happen to be in the wrong neighborhood.

For a biting, satirical look at Stop and Frisk, google "Reasoned Retort" and see the article "NYPD Defends Stop-N-Drop in Federal Lawsuit."

This #$%$ happens in a city with a extreme Liberal as the mayor, which shows you that supposed Liberals are no better at racism than those who they look down upon in the south.

For those unfamiliar with the Supreme court that legalised "Stop and Frisk",it was a 1968 case entittle Terry vs. Ohio.In 1984,the Supreme court declared that traffic stops were akin to a "Terry stop" and rights under Miranda DO NOT apply.

Losing more &amp; more of our rights, all the time. Really, they're not rights. They are priveledges that they allow or take away, whenever they choose. Rights are a given &amp; cannot be altered or taken away.

Terrible! I think we can fix this with drones who will just wipe out anyone suspicious

The same liberals who complain abot this want to impose more gun control laws, which also result in giving police more powers.

You blacks have created you own problems now you whine about it. How many robberies how many killings how many fights or break in and so on.It is never you blacks fault. You act like animals treat your own race bad and others. You are the most racist race out there now. Your race just killed a baby In Chicago how do you think you should be treated? Then you wonder why you are treated this way you are trouble with a capitol T.

always 2 sides to a story.They NYPD also use the tactic to stop young good looking girls do body cavity searches as approved by the US Supreme Court.

City attorneys are liars...

The "Desis' seen in the sign is a group demanding "rights" (and free money) for illegals.

how many times i was broken down my latino and black men who robbed me and beat me with homophobia in nyc? they need to be kicked out to africa and south america! blacks and latinos cause the crimes and intimidate white people into going against: asians, hindus and muslims!

and note how taravella highschool, in coral springs, florida is filled with drugs who are blacks and hispanics selling them to white kids. and do a tag team to bully the asians and indian kids who don't take drugs.

but blacks and hispanics do commit crimes. they need to come to tamarac, florida and see what they do to a young gay man who was gay bashed and they did not do nothing about it but harass him and two years later arrest him for a misdeamnor. while these boys live right down his block and walk free!

Time has come for New Yorkers to FIGHT BACK against TYRANNY &amp; OPPRESSION like REAL AMERICANS or surrender the AMERICAN FLAG to the rest of us, they have allowed a  billionaire bully mayor....Blowmeberg to RUN ALL OVER them and have allowed the BANKSTERS who robbed the USA and KILLED over 900 FIRST RESPONDERS in the INSIDE JOB of 9/11 to get away with MURDER, so far... beware, KARMA &amp; JUSTICE are coming for those TRULY RESPONSIBLE for the INSIDE JOB of 9/11, sooner or later...!

this is #$%$ ! this is in no way profetional . this office and its staff should be investigated by the NSA . this office is out of hand. by the way im takeing nyc off my list of places i can go .

To make it mandatory to fill your quota and the people paying the salaries are the ones harrassed, makes absolutely no sense.  And to say "we go into troubled neighborhoods" is bull #$%$.  There are people walking in the 70s on the east side (which is ritzy) and they STILL get stopped by the po po.  Is it because they don't "belong" in that neighborhood?  There is no excuse for picking people out because of the color of their skin and then calling it "random".  Sounds familiar, though.

Muslim.WHITE PEOPLE R CRAZY.

Can not believe stop and frisk is legal.It seems to go against almost everything the framers of our constitution had in mind when forming our govt.

Radio host Bob Grant,once  said  I would not go down 125th Street in Harlem unless he was in a Sherman tank.And he was right.25 years later, still  most of the blacks in Harlem despise white people.

Get a job!

Unfortunately, police will always abuse their power.

Police go where the crime is city lawyers say. like in cocain/prescription drug(not prescribed to them) filled "whiter" neighborhoods?people who are racist dont believe they are.Abuse by any other name is still abuseSTOP AND FRISK IS UNCONSTITUTIONAL

STOP AND FRISK IS UNCONSTITUTIONAL.

New York City crime is completely out of control in the 70s and 80s and then hits record lows in 2000s.  People wanted tough cops to make it safe at first.  Now the city is safe and they want soft power.  It's all a political game that adjusts to the times.

So tired of the "racism" #$%$ always being falsely claimed. Don't they know any other tune?

I went to Raiders game and boo hoo I got frisked. Grow a pair and get over it.Interesting how the very people who support stop and frisk are the same people who are afraid someone will take their guns away.

how dare they find the crack in my pants and guns in my room.....................them #$%$!!!!

What is the statics on black crime per population?

Mistakes happen, everyone makes them.  But isnt it logical that these minorities of color get the most police attention?  Since they are statistically proven to be more violent and dangerous.  There are reasons for everything, its not just random racism.

gay that is what they are

it is all ways strange looking people that are cops want to touch you

It is SOOOO easy to see how we will reach 1984. It will be because we have so many people  living in fear that they will and HAVE given up their rights for a very FALSE sense of security.There are a LOT of posts from pansies on here who lack the spine to stand against this crime.

I have asked this before, &amp; it's not the subject of my comment,but why would anyone want to spend so much to live in solittle, &amp; be so close to so many?I cannot imagine an orderly society with out police, buteventually people are going to wake up to these continuingabuses &amp; infringements on the constitution, get together, &amp;vote away having a police dept.Then Bluminfool will have no one to enforce his throne, &amp; NYCwill become an armed society for the worse &amp; not the better(while I would prefer armed for the better).I left CA for the south/midwest due to the extreme police stateit had become in the mid 70's.Did you know you can't even drink a beer in your front yard, oron your front porch, without taking the chance of being chargedwith "public intox" in L.A.?Certainly these people realize they have a choice as to whereto make a life don't they?

start fighting back

they are gay that is why they want to #$%$........................................If your stopped, comply, be respectful and move on. OH OH my bad I was thinking about white folks. Mosy of the blacks I see get loud and rowdy. Get yourself an Obama Fone and call someone who cares. Put Sharpton and Jackson on speed dial...........

They r interfering with drug dealers and buyers business, that is all this is about.

These cops are like modern day klansmen.  This should not happen to anyone.

If the NYPD wants to find some real criminals they should be frisking the C.E.O.'s down on Wall Street.  Those guys mugged the entire world.

New York has been a police state for years. America is following suit.Me, I would never live in or even visit New York. The government is lawless. There are no amenities with going there for.

If the police can not articulate a reason for there reasonable suspicion they the stop and frisk can't be legal.  The case that allows the police to stop and frisk  allowed the potential violation of the 4th amendment for the safety of the police.  By if the police department and Lord Mayor have a policy of Stop and Frick they have abandoned the requirement of "articulatable reasonable suspicion."  The NYC police have been transformed into the Gestapo.

it's really unfair for people to be afraid of the police.... stoping and frisking regular people while in some  other place a real crime is being committed and police just messing with people.... because they thought or just wanted to see you as a criminal.... something should be done and stop these from happening and start putting the corruption from police... in the people's hand... they could kill a person and just walk away with it like they have in past just because  they thought had provable reason it's $tupid.

I call #$%$ on that totally,they have a right and in that #$%$ hole if i was a cop  i would the same and nothing less.are you people wanting to do the job ,like i figured no ,then shut the hell up and let them do what they have to

Deal with you whining parasites. If you don't like it move back from where you came. They can really act can't they. Boo-"F"-hoo.

OMG! Let the Police do their job. Have something to hide? I smell a lawsuit coming.  Race card. LOLShoot cops. It's fun.

Where the crime is?  How do they know if they don't check in other places?  I bet there are some unregistered firearms, illegal substances, and other contraban in the pockets of some of the people on Wall Street.  How long would "stop and  frisk" be legal there?

its a scary thing when cops take keys and enter abodes.  In Las Vegas, Charles Bush died when under-cover, plain-clothes cops came in, awoke him with their noise, and he jumped up fighting because he didn't know what was going on. They choked him to death in three minutes flat.  its a scary thing to know cops can stop you, take your keys, and go into your home.  They steal too.  Cops are only honorable to each other.  Everyone else is fair game.

Sounds like Nazi Germany to me.

The 10 most Dangerous cities in the U.S. are ALL Majority Black . That is a race that makes up 13% of the Population. #$%$ is wrong with this Picture ? They call it Profiling , we call it a fact you are 300 times more likely to commit a violent crime.

OK. Don't look like the majority of law breaking worthless people in the US. If you are so responsible, why have you got to go out at close to midnite to get milk for your siblings that you are devoting your life to? BSBSBSBS!!!!!!

24 year old breaks down at the trial? Get him some balls (of course I meant baseballs) Gee what a baby must be living the good life in his parents basement and was just out and about in the black community looking for some special medicine? Civil rights equals big money. It's not about anything else. Al nice suit now think about all the damage you have done so you can live the good life as a champion of the black community.

well the minorities are the major players in crime. case closed. whats the problem in understanding the fact that police are doing their job. liberals or shall I say criminal minorities just want to have a free load of freedom to do any thing- even if its wrong. ha

Was Pert cooperative or mouthy when stopped?  The article doesn't mention how he behaved.I've observed countless traffic stop videos and the drivers who are polite &amp; courteous are quickly 'handled' (warned or ticketed as the situation warrants) and released.  The drivers who complain about police abuse to the judge usually (on tape) are the most obnoxious, vulgar, cussing people who get several warnings before being arrested; and these are the sober people!Until foot patrol can have the same video 'back-up' as vehicles, it always comes to He said...He said finger pointing. Monitor stop &amp; frisk but don't limit the tactic without objective evidence.

My Father always told me growing up kid you don't have to worry about the police if you don't have anything to worry about!  BOTTOM LINE!!!!!Its funny as a child I avoided Gang members...As an adult I avoid the police...mmm

kkk are cops now

"...he needed 20 summonses, five street stops and one arrest per month — or he'd face poor evaluations, shift changes and no overtime."Performance Measures to keep a 'peace keeping' job.  Well, then you HAVE TO HAVE 'peace keeping issues' regularly or you can't justify your career position.   They NEED laws to protect and laws to defend. American does have a strong 'legal system' ...which sucks for those who can't afford private attorneys and the poor unfortunates who really are innocent and get assigned a public defender (either moonlighting or just got out of l aw school) feeds a most lucrative Prison Industry....likely FULL of "plead guilty and get out for sure in 3-5 years" versus taking a chance you are guilty at trial...Defenders who know full well the State Prosecutor has a #$%$ case.  Pleading cases this way keeps the 'legal system' jobs strong, avoids the hassle of too much work on a heavy work load already... and it feeds the prison industry.No wonder most of the "Prepper Doomsday" folks seems to be strong in either military or law enforcement experience.  They know ~upclose and personal~, just how UNFAIR this free country can be to its own law abiding citizens.

Whites always think that the police state is great as long as it's the minorities who are being victimized by it. But does anyone remember that white woman who was savagely beaten by that cop in Chicago a couple of years ago? How many whites came to the police state's defense then? Not a single one. The bottom line is that a search without a warrant is unconstitutional, and I'm not surprised in the slightest to see so called "constitution loving" republicans spit on the thing so long as it's a black or Hispanic who is having his or her rights violated.

Cops are nothing but donkey #$%$ sucking #$%$ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!

"Police go where the crime is — and crime is overwhelmingly in minority neighborhoods, city lawyers said." Hey, it is what it is. Maybe try wearing something other than a hoodie?

#$%$ the 50shoot at them at will.the #$%$ pigs should die.they get too many breaks when they break the law.#$%$ pigs,kill them at will.

True Story: A black lady saw this black guy taking a picture of her daughter in a supermarket and she complained. A cop came in and took the phone and discovered what could be kiddie porn on his cell phone. They got a warrant and seized his computer which had the hard core stuff. Better to catch them early, than let them go around messing other people's kids up. Nothing to hide, No worries.

The Police should end stop &amp; frisk...Let all the black thugs kill other  blacks....take their time getting to crime call's . do nothing but the  bare minimum..let the criminals take control. Then when the city is burning let Fat boy Sharpton, Jesse Hymie town Jackson, &amp; the A.C.L.U. figure out what to do.

Just more n'ger b/ $.Jews hate freedom for the G0Y!M and thie is JEW York City.

Most of them look like towel heads. God forbid we insult them in any way. Pathetic

cops are #$%$

Stop and frisk is one thing, but when the cuffs go on and you're put in the back of a poolice car you're under arrest.  There needs to be a specific crime committed for there to be an arrest.