Any good creditor will have strong ties to its biggest debtor.

It's a start. They have 1.3 billion potential consumers for our products. Better to work as friends rather than competitors.

Hopefully the US government will deal above the table so we can get somewhere with these relations.

What's that old proverb, " Keep your friends close and you enemies closer " ?

You can sit around and bash China, or learn Chinese.

This is good.

Of course they are, we are their cash cow...

Americans are no longer fooled by words. They will hold there politicians accountable for any and all agreement with China or any other country which holds its currencys artificially low and has unleveled trade barriers. The old days are gone. Either it is fair and balanced or forget the agreements. The US was just fine prior to any trade agreements with China and will be just fine without them should that be the case. China is going through some growing pains and wages are increasing there to a point where corporations are looking for cheaper wages in other countries. Happens all the time.

Li Li and more Lies.

Again a few comments about "cheap junk from China" posted by people who don't understand the law of supply and demand.  China sells cheap junk because there is a demand from America.  If Americans demanded quality and higher prices then China or Indonesia or India would attempt to supply that, too.  If suppliers don't meet demand at a price people are willing to pay, they don't sell anything.  Too many Americans expect the rest of the world to live gratefully in poverty and famine just so Americans can drive SUVs, take long vacations, and get will paid for low level jobs.  It just doesn't work that way in world wide competition.Now that the Chinese are in the computer systems of many US companies the "ties" are surely strong.

Not to worry, pretty soon the corporations will attempt to usurp the government of China as well.  They trained and perfected the method here in our nation.  It will take awhile but it will happen.  Pretty soon above the party banner will be the logo of a corporation sponsoring the event.

How did we manage to get the communists to like us?

The ball is in China's court: stop the hacking, stop the intellectual property theft, stop the military posturing, jettison North Korea.

Who else will buy all their shti?  Some buying Chinese shti now!

Well thats worth a trillion or ten.

Trade?  We buy stuff from them and they take our jobs from us, sounds like a fair trade to me.

China needs to buy more american products---even up the trade imbalance--until then, they will be our enemy in the first world economic war---

Yeah, but what's in their other hand.

We blame China for something that OUR Government and rich corporations did to us. Don't we welcome the new companies, Toyota, Nissan, etc. for building and employing our people here. China didn't "take" our jobs, they are not the guilty one's we need to hold accountable. US Government and Corporations are the one that need to pay for what they have done to us, All parties. It's sad that "WE" depend on foreign companies to keep many of "US" employed. How would we feel if these foreign companies pulled out of the US?Creditors don't get nasty until they're done loaning money.

Does anyone think it an irony that to fight Unions, the right wing took the plants to a communist country???    Send a message.

Doesn't this guy look like Jiminy Cricket?

really you guys thing China owning some bonds hurts us ? a lot of those Chinese investments are from Chinese banks with huge US depositors...

The Chinese have ruined their trustworthy credibility. Sorry to say but you just can't trust them communists.

What a nice thing to say.Don't worry China.We'll try to keep up on our payments to you.But I must warn you.We will soon be cutting off Obama's line of credit just as soon as the other half wise's up.

That picture would have made a good album cover the Chinese version of Abby Road

Translation: "We will continue to hack you, and send you worthless #$%$. Thank you."

He just wants to keep an eye on one of his colonies.

If anyone can affect a regime change in N. Korea, it's the Chinese. Now it's to their benefit to do so.They already have strong ties to the US - they hack us daily.

we need to cancel the unspoken but publically subsidized breeding programs for africans and hisssspanixxx in america and start breeding more europeans...or it's welcome to the third world...china see that...

With friends like that, who need enemies?  Cesspool of Asia is no one's friend.  They are thieves and liars bribing, buying, blackmailing, and bullying their way around the world.

I'm boycotting Made in China...

Boy that's for sure.   We are tied up in China.

So this means China is going to discipline North Korea for making all of those threats against the United States ?Or will China start supplying North Korea with food so the whiny boy won't start agitating for attention again ?Maybe North Korea doesn't want Chinese food ... hmmm ...

Wow, a Chinese official says something positive and too many react with anger. Would you rather he said "We will bury you!" Like Kruchev did and start the cold war and nuclear proliferation? Get a grip on the anger.

I guess this is to only be expected. Why would China or the US do anything different since we are both co dependent on each other. It's better than threatening each other as we did 40 years ago over ideologies. We each have something the other wants. So now they have to reign in the Pit Bull, Token, Mini Maoist leftover  cold war regime at their borders and we likewise have to do the same thing in the middle east. Lets focus on creating economies for ourselves and others throughout the world that are sustainable and raise ouselves up.

Translation: "I'm calling in the note in thirty days."

China wants strong ties with the U.S. as long as we continue to buy the trash they send over to this country. But if we stop then the other half of the government, the Army, gets to exercise their stated need and go to war with the United States. Now I call that a true relationship.The world is changing, maybe not even for the better, but changing. You have to change with it. Even the Chinese know it,see.

Why not, they own us.

China is making big mistake in dealing with people who don't trust them!

Psyc China up has not worked. China has been steadily taking care of her own business and getting stronger. If you don't believe it, just wait.

China just wants to make sure they get back the more than $1 trillion dollars we owe them.

We have a -$315 BILLION yearly trade deficit with China because of the fraud of "free" trade, -$788 BILLION over all.

I like the new China PM.

China, I trust China as far as I could throw them. Which is a little more that  twice as much as I do obama.

Politicians talk, but does he talk square Chinese,or is it more talk,that just happens to be chinese?

Let's face it...the commie turned the table on capitalism and turned it into a cash cow engine for THEMYeah, stronger tie so they can continue to build up their military while we scale back.

Enough talk.......... The U.S. Congress must rescind the special tax exemptions &amp; tariff reductions plus other  "special breaks," they voted large companies that are taking American jobs over seas.  Also, just mirror the tariffs &amp; taxes that countries like China, Japan, South Korea and the European Countries are putting on American goods &amp; services.So who do you think caused most the problem??  OUR OWN ELECTED OFFICIALS OF COURSE!!!   They still dance to that green tune of those lobbyists ....... at this they are bipartisan.

Once again, build the best quality product at the lowest price and the world is yours.  If your product isn't selling then the price is too high, the quality is too low, nobody wants it, or a combination of any or all of the above.

Hey, Premier Li Keqiang, you need to lighten up on the dictatorship aspect.  You have it wrong, see, the the only legitimate Dictatorship of the People is something you do not have, Democracy.

So...what do they plan to do in regards to NKorea??!!!!

John Adams once said "There are two ways to enslave a nation, one is by the sword the other is by debt". The United States now owes $5.62T in foreign debt. China will own us without firing a shot.

China is a friend US cannot shake her off.

the mans know where his money comes from,,,,

Of course China pledges strong ties, just like a blood sucker.  China on the rise, US in major decline since Nixon opened the flood gates...................

Of course that is their intention. The United States is still the world's #1 innovator. Who are the Chinese going to steal from if they don't have the willing victim of the USA , North Korea?"If you owe the bank $100,000 the bank owns you, if you owe the bank a Trillion dollars you own the bank."

Then stop bullying our allies in Asia (Philippines, Japan, Vietnam)!!!!

"Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer"

Maybe they want america to take continue to draw the world's (including north korea's)  fire so they wont go after china. the chinese will bow and nod while the world pelts us with nukes. We'll take the hit and the blame thanks to the "I HATE AMERICA" gay white american LEFT.Dont worry. All you pathetic losers.china will be more than happy to stab you in the back, when it suits them.they might even adopt obama's technique of stabbing you in the back while saying that's not what they're doing.Losers.

What's going on here. Only a FOOL trust's CHINA.ARE YOU KIDDING ME???Oh that's right most of you still trust obama LOL

China needs to quit polluting.

We domt wamt there junk keep jobs here in the usa .built in the usa is what we need to see alot more of .not china and japan .thats whats wrong now mitt has places over there making him a bunch of money and he dont care as long as hes getting richer .the country is going under cause of people like mitt . Free labor .its a bunch of bull sh$t

There's an app for that °______°

they want  your little dogs

Do the Chinese think they will get paid back their loans?He knows that within 10 years China will become the world's dominant economy, because he also knows that within 10 years the United States economy will begin to collapse under the weight of it's out-of-control debt. They will own us.

And meanwhile, China continues to steal our trade secrets.

Someone likes Obama!

China not to trusted forever.

To say they pledge "strong ties" with the US is an understatement.They OWN us--thanks to Obama.

Obama's Director of Communications then polled the Yahoo News boards for poster sentiment and responded to the Chinese with "tard."

Only good Chinese are from Taiwan and are our true friends. They don't hack our companies. Mainland Chinese are all peasant farmers at heart, even the millionaires. They should go back to their pig farms.

Talking business is much better than spending money on military drills. US has limited budget on defense. It sounds a good opening.

of course, it will only take 1000 years

Friends? Not going to happen. Business Partners yes. Friends, no.Of course he will work with America he doesn't want to destroy anything he owns here when he calls in his debt.

Let every nation do business with other nation with respect and honestly, and stop bullying smaller nations who cannot defend themselves.

The world knows they can not trust the US, becasue they know that the US is up for sale and has been for the last 30-35 years. Politicians in the US can not turn down someone offering them money even when it is selling out the people and its security!!

we owe them think they want to lose THEIR investment they dont owe us #$%$.!!!

The talk of ties the new premier makes just upsetted N.Korean leader #1 son!

Tell him to get a handle on the little runt in North Korea. Then we'll talk.

Viva Li Keqiang!!! We have too much to gain together to do otherwise. I hope you can do it.

I doubt it. Let see how they will vote in the United Nations Security Council..That will tell all.

So far I am really liking the new Chinese Premier. He seems like an intelligent and level headed man.

Stronger relations with the US? LOL!! China has stolen technology from the US and makes everything look like a piece of #$%$. Besides i would never believe anything from a commie pig in Beijing where they kill peaceful protesters in Tianiman Square, herass and persecute peaceful Buddhist Monks who are protesting China's illegal occupation of Tibet. PR China does not approve of an independent Taiwan, which is a free naytion and those people on that island can do whatever they want to regardless of whatever the commie pigs in Beijing think.It's in everybody's best interests to keep a good relationship with China....Because when they stop loaning us money, the " gimme gang " will be in full revolution mode.

China has no military expertise --they haven't been in a war for a long time --we have a big advantage over any country

The China government needs to put a rope around north Koreas neck that country is to close to china to be playing war games with nukes the winds carry the nuke fall out. That along can poison Asia lands water and soil.  They can't afford the price they mit have to pay.

Keqiang wants a good relation with the United States the first thing he should do stopping sending rice and oil to North korea, a regime that do not respect human right and send people to die in concentration campsThe only reason the North is still hanging in there is because Main Land support with money and food, it is about time tell Keqiang we want to be friend and cooperate at the same time your govenment should cooperate with us and don't play a double game!Ideassoul

ties, or spies? the chinese people are by and large, good. the chinese government and military are evil.

I hope this is true.  I don't wanna be cooked by a Chinese nuclear weapon if North Korea starts a war.

Must have something to do with that new law of planning for a war with them. Hmmmm?

The Wal-mart model is dead.  I spent $375 at Costco today and loved it.

Don't tell us.  Show us.  Put little Kim down.

Regardless of anyone's opinion, China holds 1.7 Trillion dollars worth of U.S paper bonds pledged by Wall Street and U.S Treasury during mortgage boom.(Mortgage backed Securities)china and usa should  do up grade the deals....or try to betray each other......!

Did Obama give away the farm again or offer less inport tax if they would lend more money to hes failed economy.Either way you can bet he sold us down the river for political gain

I bet Obama is Stupid enough to fall for this......LMFAO

china and usa have made a deal  to bring benefit  each other and destroy russia  during war in vietnam , since 1972 .usa helps china to do business, expand the economy  any where around the world as china supports usa to security middle  east and around the world as the police man...!

Strong ties? You fool. America is gearing up to attack you. Better start building more DF21D  and DF31, you idiot.

China rocks.

Sounds like Xi is off to a good start. Meanwhile, Obama is headed for his very first visit to Israel since he was elected president years ago. It's all about priorities.

china workers make 2 a day . so how can we compete with that ? can you work for that . and dont give me tech . look where is the i pad , etc are made.

Headline translation=China wants to keep beating the dookie out of the USA, and keep it that way...the way it is now....! So the politicians can expect the payola to keep coming..!

Nah wonderful, indeed...What a Li lie!Li (pronounced: LIE) -nomen est omen- lies heavily here. Li li(es) without reddening his ratty face "New China premier pledges strong ties with US" LOLFacts are:Since the West (EU and US) "enters" the 1.4b market the entire West slides steadily into recession and China boasts with TWO-digits growth. Who cheats whom?CHEATNA led by XiXiPiggish (CCP) Cheatnese who cheat by born cheats the West and this Li li(es) to the West with "New CHEATNA pledges strong ties with US"...LOL...Strong ties or strong lies? LOLSeeing is believing or sometimes DISbelieving as in magic tricks. Are all their cards on the table?

I believe that Us and China should be fairly economically balanced. They are going to have to pony up and buy more more made in USA stuff, but we have some hi dollar things they would want. Kicker is don't mess with either USA or China because if we both partner economically, both would lose if either one were threatened. And NOBODY in their right (or wrong) mind gonna mess with both of us at same time.

Liar Liar

i love chinese food.....but they are terrible drivers, soooo, i give them a c+.....

This sounds promising but I still don't trust them.

As Steelerman writes , " it is a start. "  I still suggest that we sleep with one eye open.

trade equals peace...plane and simple

America will judge you by your actions, not words.

Some more of feeding US public  lip service as the politicians are making millions and billions from the lobyists from our corporations over their making their billions as the chinese produce good for us in our own corporations based there.   look at some of these comments, how naive  some Americans can be. We have heard this sht before, as China builds its military against us in the eyes of our sell out politicians!

The US needs to reduce it's dependency on China. Trading with China only benefit China most not the US.They need us just as much as we need them.

If China wants strong ties with the United States then I suggest China put their foot on North Korea and forgive our debt owed to China.  That would be a great way to start.

In the meantime China readies its anti-ship missiles, amphibious assault ships, carrier attack drone swarms and is on bad terms with Vietnam, the Philippines, Japan, Indonesia, India....

I would be worried about the debt the fed holds a little more than the chinese

Make full use of US's political and military infurence in the world to make money. Go China, and enjoy the  free ride!

This is good news and a positive step in Sino-American relations.  However, words need to be backed up with actions!

Maybe Obama has a new work plan.Like send all Blacks and muslims to China hell we will not miss them Lots of low cost ghetto housing vacant in china.

I was in Spain and Italy month ago. They have Chinese cars but they said gotta be desperate to buy one. Price is right but that's all.

come spend your money here

Like all good friendships people tend to go their own way at some point in time.Damn straight! We have you right were we want you. At the expense of our unemployment!

Pledges strong shirts, socks, &amp; ties with the US

A good jester would be to drive over the border and bi ch slap that young N. Korean thug wanna be and order he pay his dues on the playground before he tries to muscle in on the rest of us. After All America might over shoot a few nukes and land in China.

we must always keep an eye on the sleeping dragon!

How can anyone with half a brain trust the Chinese, who steal technology, break all the rules of WTO, are in dispute with all their neighbors over their expansionist claims, censor their press and any opposition... endless list.Would anybody trust one singe individual acting as such a gangster?Of course not.But the West wants the business, so it will pretend all the above does not happen.Shame!

yeah yeah yeah.. China better stop it aggression in all areas for any peace can be had between anyone! Lies and deceit, does anyone think this will really change with China?

In other words, they're working with B.O. to just flat out buy the United States of America. And he'll take away the guns so nobody can fight it.

Lies.  China wants to destroy us.  We must destroy them first.  They have threatened us with nuclear war.  We must respond with nuclear wart to disarm them.

China has got bigger fish than us to fry. They have to exploit Africa for it's resources and it's going to get bloody.

I hope America does not fall for this old chinese dog trick or America will be sorry again.  The communist chinese are more treacherous and cunning than terrorists.  From their atrocities during the  Korean war, through the Spratlys grab, to its expansionist shows and bullying rampage, the chinese know no one trusts them. So this time they want to appear friendly and willing to live with the rest of the world in peace.  But what they miss and cannot cover up are the evidence of past history and a trail of enemies in the Southeast Asian neighborhood, all victims of their bullying and land grab.growing up, everything had a stamp on the bottom that said,MADE IN JAPAN now it says MADE IN CHINA  thats how we know its junk.

I'm waiting to hear the announcement, "U.S. Government sells country to China, People's republic of America meet your new masters."

What is made in the USA these days.  Even Obama made somewhere else that they don’t even have the hospital that keeps the birth record.

if you want stronger ties, reform to democracy.

"Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong."

''The East must acquire material civilization from the West, and the West must receive spiritual civilization from the East. This will establish a mutual bond. When these two come together, the world of humanity will present a glorious aspect, and extraordinary progress will be achieved. . . . Material civilization alone is not sufficient and will not prove productive.'' Promulgation of Universal Peace, p. 165-166

BS

Keep your friends close....keep your enemies closer

World patent in force now Patents in force (Last data: 2008, mixed)Rank	Country	No. of Patents in Force1	 United States	1,872,8722	 Japan	1,270,3673	 China	828,0544	 South Korea	624,4195	 United Kingdom	599,0626	 Germany	509,8797	 France	438,9268	 Europe	268,384 (E.P.O.)9	 Hong Kong	227,91810	 Spain	166,07911	 Russia	147,06712	 Canada	121,88913	 Australia	107,70814	 Sweden	105,57115	 Belgium	87,189 (2003)16	 Ireland	78,76117	 Mexico	73,07618	 Monaco	50,39219	 Luxembourg	49,94720	 Finland	47,070

#$%$Aw man, I hope they don't start asking to borrow money. That would just be embarrassing.

" complaints over alleged Chinese computer hacking"   - well, that's making it sound like a small problem, now isn't it.

All very true...what else is new.. if the US goes out or is nuked(Korea).China will not get our money thier economy will fail along with us, and every other country. Like it was said below, they practically own the U.S. I forget if it was China or Japan.. they said they would defeat us economically..history class. :)

I think General Motors should quit making 7-800,000 cars a year over there,Cessna quit building their new plane over there and just tack on the 70,000 bucks extra to build them in Wichita and all American companies bring home their business operations back to America and if they can't survive here without the foreign profits they are used to having,they should pack it in here in the survival of the fittest.We should also quit barrowing from China to support our own system and don't trade anymore with them on anything whether it's the simplest of 25 cent wooden spoons ,Apple products or thousands of other things they have taught us to get by on cheaper.I only hope that when I travel over there again,they keep charging me just about 1/6th of the price of a 3-4 star hotel here in America because that's the only place I can afford them.Get real people,this is a world economy.If you think this country is free from graft and corruption,check out the estimated figures for unreported income here in America.If our country was shredded from one end of the country to the other just 60 years ago,I think alot of our people couldn't handle new found wealth any better,maybe worse.So much youth here is handed wealth on a platter from pre-highschool days on up,if they had to acquire it on their own,car sales would plummet beyond your wildest dreams.One neat thing on a positive note that I did find is that in China the parents often buy their children's homes so when they go out into the world the siblings are not straddled with the cost of a roof over their heads but the same is expected of the  children doing the same for their own.Think how much more organized your life would be if your parents did that for you.All I say is don't believe all the yellow journalism you read.There's always someone trying to "make copy"but I too am smart enough to never argue with someone that buys ink by the barrel.If you want to read a good read,try "Thunder out of China" published in 1946 and it will give you a good idea where China started from on their journey to today.I'm only glad my country didn't have to go thru that.Don't know if we could have did it,but possibly.

I DON'T TRUST COMMUNIST. PERIOD.

Mr. Kaqiang, if you'll help impeach obama, we can get you paid back all your money a whole lot quicker...

#$%$tttttttttttttttt china is americas number enemy

China has their own plans for world domination, for when they are the number one economy and the US is in economic turmoil and owes them trillions upon trillions. How many jobs could there be in the US if everything that is made in China were made here? Oh, but no, Chinese sweat factory labor is much cheaper... We are heading for some tougher times, my fellow Americans...

I'd keep strong ties with anyone who owed me 6 or 7 trillion bucks.....LMAO

Sure !!Why Not ??while GOPimping the G'$ over sea to the riChinamenAnd their alliance will prove to threaten the whole suffering of humanity.

Strong ties in as much if we default on our payments, they'll just break our kneecaps.  Its good as the number one holder of US debt they keep a tight leash on the US, especially with the downgrade in credit ratings past &amp; future, its only prudent to watch their investment - the babies being born now &amp; for the next generation owe China a whole lot of interest payments.

It was a Lapsus!  It is strong now and will be stronger. The point of no return was reached long time ago with the manufacturer of the world. They seemed to understand capitalism better than the Wall street capitalists. While we are practicing ignorance and bigotry in Washington and other capitals of the world they were painstakingly strategized. Once upon a time we were saying the little Chinese had nothing to eat. Now they are eating us bit by bit. Indeed! Figure of speech. Sooner or later they will be trapped as well since they are creating a corrupt Elite and there is no concrete democratic oversight.

Patent applications by country (Last data: 2008)Rank	Country	No. of Patent Applications1	 Japan	502,0542	 United States	400,7693	 China	203,4814	 South Korea	172,3425	 Germany	135,7486	 France	47,5977	 United Kingdom	42,2968	 Russia	29,1769	 Switzerland	26,64010	 Netherlands	25,92711	 Italy	21,91112	 Canada	21,33013	 Sweden	17,05114	 Australia	11,23015	 Finland	10,13316	 Israel	9,87717	 Spain	8,27718	 Denmark	7,71919	 Austria	7,71120	 Belgium	7,592

talk and talk, the direction is very clear,  end with majority of the american will make same pay as chinese or have no jobs, that call globalization, unbalnced trade, will make usa real broken, even you cut all social program, no weal-fare, no food stamp, no education, no socials security, no healthcare assisatant, usa will still be broken if keep unbalance trade with china,

China should First stop supporting N. Korea, Iran and Pakistan and stop pushing Japan, India and Phillipines.

The US puts  a ban  on adoption of  its  children  by  China .  (coming soon).-The  reason given was  they  were put  to work by  3 years old  spinning  Lands End  wool  to pull  over  the  eyes  on the  American public  who  happily buy it   ,  when Russian children adopted here  could do it  for  a fraction of that cost -  as  they  get to eat  only after  the  host family has --and there  is nothing  left .  Heck it beats them being in Russia where  they have  only  each other to eat.  (  Coming  Hunger  games  II  )    **  Think   seriously before  you  overindulge-  we  have a lot  of  poverty  among  children in cities  who cannot fend for themselves , here in the US of A.  Actively  make a difference by  adopting  a neighbourhood  -to see that no child  goes hungry  or cold, one  child at a time..Your task  will,  like the starfish parable make  a Difference  to  that  child.Do that  with  religious  fervor -  routinely, regularly  and "by ROTE "-  -and may be,  just may be,  you can find  a mission and meaning - that  puts  you  in company with  the new  pope. Except  that  you make it  your local  responsibility  to  a very  few-where as his is  Global, now at least...Or  SHOULD  BE....

We have to realize that our political system is a total failure. We need to get back to basics.

I'd say #$%$ on you #$%$ #$%$ but someone already did.

Lets hope they can help real in the brat in north Korea before it hits the fan.All your base are belong to us.

Actions speak louder than words.  It's your move China.  Prove it.

How much money you want "round eye"?

"Stronger ties"means taking more jobs from americans and buying more american real estate and buisnesses... while selling cheap junk to americans.... while making sure we continue to go further into debt with china

I see a big war in the future with this country.  They sure do spend a lot of money on military buildup.  Who is their threat?

Yes.  he  is  going  to  get  close   tous  so  he  can   f#$%k  us  some  more

the American government sold americans down the road to china

You can tell china mr president that we as american people refuse to buy chinas garbage,sweatshop,child abusing products and for them to take back the millions of their illegal immigrants back to their communist state who in turn has ravaged our economy with fraud,welfare abuse,overstuffing homes with 75 people living in a 3 bedroom home,and raising my taxes to pay for their huge families.

"complaints over alleged Chinese computer hacking" - they say this like it's just some small problem. Not a big deal.I just posted a comment quoting the same line saying the same thing pretty much and yahoo seems to have deleted it.

President Obama is probably the most "compatible" of U.S. presidents with the China regime.  GULP !  3 years and 8 months and counting until the next election.  Can't wait.Of course he promises strong ties, he's a COMMUNIST!  Just like the obama administration. He wants to work with  obama  to bring about the destruction of the U.S.A.!!!

At least they are pointed in the right direction.

Oh no!!! This mean we have to deal with even more Walmarts. There goes the neighborhood!

i love chinese food== please more squid to  the u.s.a.

With about 300 million Americans against 1.3 billion Chinese, US needs China than China needs US. There is no better time to forge good relations than now.

The Labor Unions, the Demodegenerates constituents, sent companies to China and elsewhere because they could not afford to do business in this country.   Look what they have done to Detroit and soon Los Angeles.

Cool. We can borrow more money to give to othr countries.

The NK goons had better understand the sea changes continuing around them.  First was eastern bloc opening;  Then USSR/S. Korea opening.  Now, NK is losing China.  This is a move designed to tweek the North Koreans for sure.  Next few days will be critical for SK, Japan, US, me thinks.

This would be a first (strong ties with the U.S.) and I don't see it happening.