Just remember, most of these wars did not have a voluntary military--they were drafted. Let's talk about the "lingering cost" of former Senators, Congressmen and Presidents --pay and benefits for life plus in the case of former Presidents the cost of Secret Service protection. They were the ones that got us in to these wars.

Lets talk about the Cost of these 2 wars as we give Our Selves a Tax Break,to help boost the Economy..All the while Americans gripe about the National Debt.Back in WWII people actually bought War Bonds to help fund the War..Today We (selfish) Americans are cought up in getting the Latest Cell phone,tablet,etc..As long as its made in China.. We're All Guilty....Theres Your Sign!

It's always an old man's war and a young man's fight.

Stop giving money to other countries.

Let's take all the money given to Halliburton and other corporations who flagrantly wasted and stole hundreds of billions and put it into the fund for veterans and their families.

if the rich had too fight the wars instead of profit from them war would end

Eisenhower warned us about the Military Industrial Complex and we didn't listen. War is the biggest scam ever perpetrated against humanity.

The VA hardly automatically compensates Veterans. I retired from the USAF after 24 Years service. Later I filed my disability claim. From 1993 to last year they took the VA Disability out of my retirement pay and hand it back to me calling it tax free, per their Concurrent Receipt Program. March of 2012 I finally got it upgraded. I figure it cost me over $141,840 over the years.

This country never seems to learn from history. And when you run the government in such a fiscally irresponsible way as our career politicians have, hitting government in the pocket book doesn't teach them anything either.

Good lesson for all of you who are always in a hurry to send our Young off to another war.

Let our arms makers foot the bill. They reaped the profits!Alan Simpson, a former Republican senator and veteran who co-chaired President Barack Obama's deficit committee in 2010, said government leaders working to limit the national debt should make sure that survivors of veterans need the money they are receiving."Without question, I would affluence-test all of those people," Simpson said.This sorry piece of #$%$ says that Social Security is an entitlement and the people who collect it are whiners. Never mind that they payed into it all their lives unlike his elitist #$%$ that never put a dime into the pension that the taxpayers fund until he dies. Someone needs to affluence-test him and the rest of the traitors in Congress.

"Forty Five per cent" of the armed services are applying for benefits from being injured. Not trying to knock the military but it sounds more like a "cash cow" that never runs out of milk (or money). How can they pay out at this rate and then complain about social security?

I hope Cheney and Bush should pay for it.

Wars like the last half dozen or so we have have "fought", and I use that term loosely, should be obsolete. We can now fight the bad guys without invading and taking over countries who don't want us there anyway. It makes me sick to think of all the soldiers who lost their lives or were maimed in these stupid wars, that didn't accomplish much of anything. If I was King, I'd haul every surviving one of these politician jack#$%$ who caused these wars out into a public square and terminate with extreme, and slow, prejudice. Mabye that would make the idiots think twice about another war.

Thanks Bush.

The banks and corporations that own our government profit from these perpetual wars. There is always someplace that they can justify sending US troops. Great short term profits for the few people at the top, so what if average people suffer. We are nothing but tax slaves and cannon fodder for the elite who deem themselves qualified to run our country. The military is a macho welfare scheme so nobody dares question it and the lifetime benefits and perks a person gets for being in the military.

I can see veterans getting benefits for injuries sustained while in service. But, not their surviving family members. a death benefit yes, but monthly benefits, no. Especially civil war veterans? are you kidding me? anyone alive today wasn't alive when the civil war happened.  My dad died from cancer as a result of asbestos exposure on board naval ships, exposure to agent orange in viet nam AND exposure to radiation as part of operation wig wam. He received disability benefits for about a year or two prior to his death. AFTER he was diagnosed and determined to be terminal. The V A doctor said he was the first patient that he had seen that was exposed to all three (radiation, agent orange and asbestos) I sure as hell ain't receiving any "survivors" benefit. so, why are civil war veterans heirs receiving benefits? Or, anyone except the spouse of wwII vets. I can see giving widows survivors benefits, but NOT the children. If this article is true, then it is stupid to be paying benefits 100 years after a war is over.

Cheney / Rumsfeld: War Criminals. Bush: Idiot Puppet Boy.

Survivors of wounds received in combat and their surviving spouses, ok. Beyond that, nada.

this is why the people shuld vote on things -like we are supposed to"Deficits don't matter".......VP Cheney

All the more reason to stop this crazy thing called "War", or is it that mankind actually likes to wage war on his neighbor? What was it the interviewee said in the movie Reds' " Hon, men like to go to war, always have. They can dress up in their little uniforms and go kill someone". Personally, if we have to, I'd prefer to do it the way the Scriptures described it with David. One on one, winner take all.

With over 1000 military bases all over the world, its no wonder we are broke. How about shutting down about 750 of these bases and bringing our troops home?

In my opinion, the three greatest errors that the US has ever made were: The adoption of slavery into the Constitution, the Vietnam War and The Iraq War.

Juanita Tudor Lowrey, age 86, poses with a photo of her father, Civil War veteran Hugh Tudor.  I don't think the numbers add up.  If he were 18 in 1865 he would have been born in 1847 and thus 80 years old when she was born in 1927.  If so, good on him!

When their (Politicians) beating the WAR DRUMS, There is Nothing to good for a Veterern. When the shooting is over and there are no more parades. They lose some of their exuberance for paying the bill. Mean while the president is building a Library for himself,as the wounded try to get by on what ever these same War Mongers choose to shove their way.

"War doesn't show who's right- just who's left."

Bring home every soldier and close all bases outside the US. Stop funding the IMF and the Unied Nations and stop all foreign aid. That should pay for the war costs.

And more importantly, what exactly did the war in Vietnam, Iraq or Afghanistan accomplish?!

It should be a good reminder for all those Republicans who want Americans to stop blaming Bush-Cheney though all their eight-year regime bills continue coming in daily with compounding interest not just from the 20+ years of unpaid-for wars; but their $2.8 trillion, 12-year+, non-jobs-creating Bush tax cuts; their $1.7 trillion budget deficit left behind; their Medicare Rx drug entitlement; all their "bridge-to-nowhere" pork projects; and 435+ GOP-approved war profiteers who spent over $60 billion and who posted over $8 billion in waste, fraud, and abuse; their GOP-Phil Gramm-deregulated Wall St. enabled subprime mortgage rich Wall St. bankster fraud that took trillions from Americans; along with 1.5+ million homes, 6.5 million jobs on top of the five million manufacturing jobs they helped ship overseas along with $135 billion annually in tax-dodging corporate revenues---all of which makes up the bulk of the budget deficit the GOP now compain about and try to pin on Pres. Obama who has actually reduced the budget deficit and growth of government.Our biggest expense is bringing the  the people who we fought us too this country giving the freebee to them and fixing their country while we ignore our VETRANS!!!? rpvn 1969

More damn takers. How dare they expect the government to coddle them just because they lost portions of their anatomy or mind fighting for the US wars.

Big surprise, wars are expensive and the costs are multigenerational. If we go to war in the future it needs to be a war of conquest with a lot of looting potential or forget about it.

Aren't you glad we have TWO WHOLE POLITICAL PARTIES TO CHOOSE FROM??!!! Boy that's a lot!!

The porkulas bills from obama will take generations to repay and they did nothing! Fail Fail Fail!

Future wars supersede previous ones, atleast in thought anyways.

The phone tax from the spanish american war lasted over 100 years, I am still getting bills from Valley Forge..LOL

Well why do we not make the countries we supposedly liberated pay us back that would help.

Where's my check, my great, great, great , great, great somebody or the other fought in the Punic Wars alongside of Hannibal.

If a "tenured" politician can collect benefits for life...I have no problem with Veterans, and their surviving family members from receiving benefits for life.The wars will eventually bankrupt this country...but the ELITE don't care that is what they want. Watch "Fall of the Republic" on youtube

And yet our agriculture secretary wants to give the chemical companies permission to use the same chemical that was in agent orange on crops that we eat. The chemicals that are used on GMO crops aren't working anymore and now they need something stronger. This has got to stop GMO crops aren't working and they charge the farmer to much for the seed then they get them again for the chemicals that are supposed  kill the weeds that built up a tolerance.

Republicans:The Republicans have been trying to Divide this Country for years, all so they can end Social Security and Medicare and funnel more money to the Military Industrial Complex and too big too fail Banks and Corporations. They want control of YOU. By presenting themselves as the Party of Morality and Focusing on Social issues, such as Marriage equality, Women's rights and Creating an Enemy out of an Entire Religion, they appeal to the Fears and Prejudices of their base as a diversion for their TRUE GOAL - to starve the beast and turn this country into a Corporate OLIGARCHY.

Go watch George Carlin "We love war" for a full explanation about what's going on

Wars are how banks gain ownership over countries.

"federal payment records found that the government is still making monthly payments to relatives of Civil War veterans — 148 years after the conflict ended."Why? How can I get in on that action?

Hey Politicans - you send our young warriors off to do you bidding.....many of them come back broken and need of care!  Lets see if this makes any sense.  Stop having wars!

"Without question, I would affluence-test all of those people," Simpson said.So here's a scenario. Two veterans, one making twice what the other does, show up at the VA for treatment on identical service related injuries. Why is the affluent one less deserving of care? He took the same risks on behalf of his country. He received the same injury.Try cutting the budget without screwing the people who sacrificed the most in their country's behalf.

"Hey Dubya!  Read this!"

Why do we fight and then we rebuild????And our debt is supposed to be Obama's fault?

Think of the American lives saved, the billions not spent, if we ended the Iraq, Afghanistan, wars today ?  Russia learned their lesson after their 10 years in Afghanistan, learned they were going broke and couldn't win .  We still Karzai billions and he openly states his disdain for America,,,, demanding that we do this, we do that,,, let them take back over their forsaken Country.  Bring all our brave Soldiers back home now,,,, President Obama, how long is it going to take you ?  You've been President now for going on 5?years !

Still paying for the Civil War (are wars ever civil?)?  Criminey, in parts of the deep South, they're still fighting it.

It's our number one export under dems and repubs my fellow amerikans

Those who were genuinely damaged by service to the country should be compensated.  That said, far too many vets of today are ripping off  taxpayers with phony claims.  It is as if the idea is to get as much free money as possible even if you never suffered a scratch.  I'm a vet and the stories from some of these "heros" makes me sick.  A vet in a wheel chair with no legs needs the money---not somebody with a sore back or hang nail.

A F in long time.

Hey ap, did you say you were going to follow up with a story on how much the support of baby pumping welfare queens, ghetto rats and illegals has cost us over "generations"? No, didn't think so!!   Ah yes, the slanted libtard media is quite humorous. Moronically pathetic, but humorous!!

Us citizens should be able to vote whether or not we go to war. Why use our resources and kill our soliders if the war won't benefit us as a country?

Easy!!!!! We did a bigger hole to bury the entire U.S, the history will be buried and lost forever. Debt gone.

Why are we making payments to Civil War Veterans relatives? Who made that law and why have we not done away with it? Americas problem is stupidity from the law makers!!Wait wait. We are still paying for the civil war but have started so many more for no reason? Way to go america.

My Grandfather was a veteran of WW2 and Korea and my Grandmother doesn't receive any extra benefits. She sure could use them.

The men who fought for our country deserve anything that will make their lives better.They kept us a free country so let's free them of some of the hardships they face day to day because of injuries they go protecting our way of life.They did not start these wars but were called on and they responded.Americans fight for America and to hell with the cowards who put down our way of life.

When a politician bangs the drum of war, instead of getting caught up in the "patriotic fevor" we should ask is this war really needed and what is the cost benefit.Too many times politicians will use that to our detriment. If we would have done this after 9/11 we would have never gone into Iraq. that would ahve saved almost 5000 americans and how many Iraqis? ( estimates are from 110,00 to 1,000,000 civilians killed) and at the end of the day what was the benefit from this 10 year war? Are we any more secure? is the middle east anymore secure the short answer is NO, and who ultimately benefitted from these wars? Was it the average American NO, it was the military industrial complex we the American peopel though ar ethe ones footing the bill, in terms of peopel and tax dollars.

if there was no profit in war there would be no war. while governments pay billions of dollars ayear for decades corporations profit margins increase 400% each year a war is waged.

I was shocked to learn we are still paying interest on the debt from WWI !!!!!!!

amazing thing is that will the associated cost and checks we continue to send out each month to other countries we dont enough to keep the white house open so schools can go on field trips to see it in person

and lindsay graham and john mccainn are beating the war drums to get us involved in syria...you just can't fix stupid.

When our leaders lead us on to wars: Vietnam, Iraq Afghanistan, that cost trillions and trillions and lives and wrecks our economy...Bush Cheny Wolfowitz..should be tried for war crimes.  These idiots have no concern for our well being..they only care about what they winde up with in the wallet.We should go take Haliburton and sell it and give the money to the war vets who are injured.

I read yestrday that Tuiton Assistance ("TA") was cut from military members, and that Federal Employees will "get their notice" on Thursday of their 20% pay cut for 6 months...meanwhile, we give $$ to the Pakis...WHAT IS WRONG WITH OUR POLITICAL LEADERSHIP?AP - how about doing reports on the generations on welfair and that cost - or report on the thousands of state and federal employees going out on disability just befor retirement age - or how much our politicians receive under the table from lobbyist and the lifestyles they live with taxpayers money - don't forget - the billions on illegals

VA wishes that all us Vietnam vets would just die off as we cost them too much money.

I'm P, I, S, .S, E, D, ,.If nothing the USA does is profitable then they better start making money fighting other peoples WARS.I'm Mad as H, E., L, L, about the way they treat the military when they come home to get medical needs taken care of they have to wait a few years until they suicide or just die because of the contracted problem they got overseas. NO SCHOOL NOW. Leave no one behind while a solder but leave us behind when we get home.

And we are one the verge of two more wars in syria and iran.

Who's in charge there ? Civil War? Stop.

I don't see $16 trillion going away any time soon, regardless of how we spent it.

War is nothing more than huge business now a days! Just think how much money changes hands for defense...... how many people work for contractors that make weapons.... how much in tax dollars that are created by the workers.If we shut down our War mongering...we would have Millions out of work and Billions in "new" research gone! We can only sell so much to other countries that cant afford them.War is a very important part of our economy!

The cost of every war is never ending.  In the lives lost and the lives changed.  The benefits are what you measure in freedom.  The most costly element of our society is ignorance and indifference.  Weight these elements and consider how they have changed your live.

what you mean that i could have been collecting pay from my family members who fought and died in the civil war ? or do you have to be on the union side only ? that just crazy for generations later to be collecting pay still .

Amazing Facts:*IRAN SANCTIONS ACT of 1996 Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish)*H.R. 938, The United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act: Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish)*S.Res. 185, Sponsor: Sen. Ben Cardin (Jewish) states that if the Palestinian Authority goes ahead with its plan to seek unilateral recognition as a state, the US would suspend its financial aid.*H.Res. 268, Sponsor: House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (Jewish) The resolution called upon the administration to announce that it would “veto any resolution on Palestinian statehood that comes before the United Nations Security Council.*H.Res. 4133, Sponsor: Eric Cantor (Jewish) United States-Israel Enhanced Security Cooperation Act of 2012*H.RES.568, Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish) preventing the Government of Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability.*H.R. 2194, Sponsor: Howard Berman (Jewish) Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010*H.R. 1905, Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish) Howard Berman (Jewish) will place virtually all of Iran’s energy, financial, and transportation sectors under U.S. sanction. Companies conducting business with Iran in these sectors face losing access to U.S. markets; impose sanctions designed to prevent Iran from repatriating any proceeds from its oil sales, thus depriving Iran of 80 percent of its hard currency earnings and half of the funds to support its national budget; impose tough new sanctions on the National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC), the National Iranian Tanker Company (NITC) and Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC); target Iran’s use of barter transactions to bypass sanctions, the provision of insurance to Iran’s energy sector, and the provision of specialized financial messaging services to the Central Bank of Iran.*James N. Miller(Jewish) Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Policy*Mara Rudman (Jewish) Foreign Policy Advisor*Eric Lynn (Jewish) Middle East Policy Advisor*Lee Feinstein (Jewish) Foreign Policy Advisor*Diane Feinstein (Jewish) Chairwoman Senate Select Committee on Intelligence*Michael Chertoff (Jewish) former Homeland Security chief*Daniel Benjamin (Jewish) head of the State Department’s Bureau of Counter-Terrorism*Stuart Levey (Jewish) Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence*David Cohen (Jewish) Secretary of the Treasury for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence*Steve Simon (Jewish) National Security Council Middle East Desk*Dan Shapiro (Jewish) former Head of Middle East Desk at the National Security Council now ambassador to Israel*Dennis Ross (Jewish) Special Advisor for the Gulf (Iran) and Southwest Asia to the Secretary of StatePrivate warrior corporations(halliburton triple canoyy&lt;dyncorp&lt;blackwater are malikng billions in iraq and afganistan,over 130,000 in both countries now

You don't go back far enough, We are still paying for the Civil War. Plus whatever came after. And the spenders in Washington want to keep it like that. Ask youselves why. Don, tonly blame current Presidents, Include Lincoln,Johnson, Carter, Kennedy,Clinton,Bush SR and Jr. and Obama. Be fair not partial.

The article fails to give the circumstances of Civil War veteran descendents receiving benefits today, so without that it's impossible to judge whether it's money well spent or not, though I admit it's hard to fathom any reasonable case given 150 years have passed.

If you have a child, look for the Bush Wars to be paid off when your Great-Great-Great-Great Grand Child's Great-Great-Great Grand Child turns 95.

Mike Baker in case you haven't heard  " the american people pay the bills " even the ones that we are over charged by" you know like the one providing food to our troups.

I'm P, I, S, .S, E, D, ,.If nothing the USA does is profitable then they better start making money fighting other peoples WARS. I mean in so far as having to go deeper in the fiscal HOLE.I do not mean for the wealthy in the USA that already make a buck off the blood of a solder.

how long will we pay for the war on poverty. we have spend trillions of dollars and we have lost the war on poverty and we will never win it.

Once the veteran dies, the compensation is complete.

Why are we still there &amp; thinking of going into Iran? Where's that antiwar candidate?

Some of these law makers who have set behind their fancy chairs decide if a veteran needs their money because of war injuries? They go into service making less money than a civilian, then put their life on the line, get wounded and now these nimrods in office want to be cheap ? How about all the prisons where people are getting unemployment benefits? Why should the president get to spend $ 25 million for a vacation to Hawaii? How about all the government office buildings setting empty and not being sold, not getting rent, and yet having to have people guard and maintain them when they are not in use. Yet they want to build more buildings? Obama wants to make cuts to veterans expenses and yet there were over 600 listings for government jobs last week. And they wonder why people are upset?if we had a govt that knew how to apply our economic resources properly.....we could afford all that....obamacare....social security....and all the other things we wantbut we dont....so we cant

African Americans realize the massive cost of the Civil War in blood and treasure.  We're still paying for the Civil war and not a day passes but what an African American stops this White Boy on the street and gives him a Hearty Thanks.  At least, I think that's what "Jive Assed Honkye, give me your Muther #$%$' Wallet" means.

War is never the answer.

DEATH TO TYRANTS!

$16,700,000,000,000 and counting America!  Are you ever going to wake up?

As long as idiots keep electing War-Mongering Military Industrial Complex, Welfare State, Fascist Nazi Dictators! ( BOTH PARTIES)

We are a war mongering country. We have been perpetually at war since our conception. Within and without. We love it. And so does the military industrial complex.

8 years in the Army two tours, 3 years of paid education. At least let me get a four year degree Uncle Sam.

bush cheney should be in jail for what they did to the country.

How much do we owe China for Iraq?Why shouldn't we pay our veterans and their survivors when we pay just as much supporting retired senators and congressmen who got us involved in these wars to begin with...

Why didn't the American people think about this before commiting this country into a war created by Chicken Hawks and War Profiters?

Its time to end this nonsense. End the endless payments to families after the widow(er)s die and the kids are out of college. Why does our government give so much money away? Also, when we defeat an enemy country we need to take everything they have as spoils of war. We don't have to rebuild their country. This is the way it was for thousands of years and should be again.

Go ask Bush and Cheney if they care.

All war is for profit and now they are trying to steal a billion homes from American families.

Guess we missed that part of the decision when Bush/Cheney/Rice team was making the call to war.

It is the waiste that cost, how much have we waisted in Afganistan? missmanagement of funds cost more than the war.

our gov built a nice new city for them, shops and homes for all.

How about the war on drugs and poverty in the last 20 years ?

There hasn't been a decade in which the US has not been involved in multiple conflicts. The only way to stop our addiction to war is for it to get too expensive for us to keep fighting.The problemm is simple.We are not jailing those who start wars.

How about we stop sending money to other countries.

Will 2 more years in Afghanistan make the people like me. hahahaaaha

Part of the plan.

Factor in the interest and we will be paying off the stimulus even longer.

The Civil War has long ago been paid for. They are just still collecting the taxes put in place to pay for it because politicians loathe to end a tax.

Your social security is paying for vets(usa owes the fund 2.5 trillion)

More to come.

all of this so  a few could get some tax money from no bid contracts.

yeb we will be paying for the gop 911 fund raiser for ever.Born around 1930, but receiving Civil War benefits... your gov't at work!

War are only good for coffin makers and munitions dealers &amp; manufacturers.

After reading this I understand a little more why they let the Vets suffer or die after coming back.  They know there is virtually no way they can be acclimated to civilian life completely.  Funny, how just yesterday there was a story about who makes money during wartime.  I understand a little more now why we've spent the better part of the last 50 years at war somewhere or another for some reason or another.

"...the government is still making monthly payments to relatives of Civil War veterans — 148 years after the conflict ended."And we have a budget crisis?

You want Obamacare to pay for tens of thousands of people sitting around on their fat butts, but the cost of caring for your combat veterans is a nuisance?  The Government says programs are "terribly abused"?  They're YOUR programs, Uncle Sam, and straight up, you don't treat veterans anywhere near the way they deserve to be treated.

The US Government won't be paying for anything, the AMERICAN people will.

Our wars of aggression are destroying us. Yes, even WW2, we had economic warfare on Japan prior to their invasion.

I have a idea ! The next war Israel wants us to fight, how about they go fight it themselves. Leave us out of it. Were done with wars !

AP is complaining because we are paying some miserly amount to our vets?Look at how much we pay in pensions to our Reps in Congress, the Judges and the Presidents who receive almost $200,000.00 a year + benefits for the rest of their lives...for NOTHING but a legacy of aggravation, debt, and laws that need to be reversed....and I would like to see any of these politicians risk THEIR lives for this Country...instead of just soaking it dry.  I wouild like to see them recieve the same 'benefits' and 'health insurance' that they so 'generously' force on our vets and the rest of us.BAD CALL AP/ MIKE BAKER!

Now it looks like we will have another in Syria and perhaps Korea (again)With all this debt the US taxpayers have to pay for these wars, and all the taxes the government wants to add to the taxes we already pay for these wars , our government needs to start taking care of there own country. The only time US gets involved in a war is if the US is attacked. Our government has gotten out of control.

Can anyone tell me even ONE thing Obama has done to address the interest accrued because of the wars, besides blaming Bush? I'm asking for one piece of legislation he passed paying money towards it? I can remember during high school (class of 02) when we were paying billions and billions towards the national debt...what happened to THAT?

The cost of empire is great indeed.  All of the wars after 1812 other than Civil War have essentially been about extending US sphere of influence.  Now let the dumb comments begin.

UTTERLY DISGUSTING while these same trash now tell us we have to attack Syria and start many, many more wars.

Vietnam vets are filing now because we couldn't before. PTSD has had a long and serious affect on those who were in combat but it wasn't until the last 10 years that the VA acknowledged PTSD as an actual problem. But for the 30 years these guys (and some girls) had to put up with loss of employment, loss of family and  friends, incarceration for uncontrollable actions, serious alcohol and drug abuse, anxiety, depression and the whole gamut of mental problems, yeah, they've earned what they get. And, as usual, the civilians complain about paying for the problem they created.

How long will we be paying for the wars? Not near as long a Bush and Cheney's jail term should be for their Iraq blunder that cost 3500 American lives and made them richer!

Paying for war over a hundreds years....if you pay $900,000.00 dollars an hour, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year ....it takes OVER two thousand one hundred years to pay back 16.5 Trillion dollars....NOT INCLUDING INTEREST....And yet we are still borrowing aprox. $35,000.00 dollars a SECOND...How do those numbers look.......

Simple solution obama!!! stop your war mongering, nation invations, and occupations everywhere

"veterans to seek the financial benefits they've earned" (damn skippy). "Without question, I would affluence-test all of those people," Simpson said. Mr. Simpson affluence or not, the injuries I incurred in the service of my country will not go away because of "afluence". Because no amount of money can compensate for the struggles I have with TBI, PTSD, or stop 8yrs of nightmares, every night fighting the war in Afghanistan all over again in my sleep. To be sure there a few bad apple vets milking the system, but the vast majority are not. We swore an oath to defend the Constitution and the United States even unto our death. In return the US made a promise to take of us when we came home from fighting in YOUR sted, and now you propose to welch on that compact, like we are some kind of expended cannon fodder, under the guise of the means test. Service related means service related and should be compensated accordingly. "The promise being made, should be kept" A. Lincoln

So you would test my family to see if the service I completed and disabilities received would be an entitlement they would want to receive.  No wonder you idiots are getting voted out.  I don't care if I won millions my disability compensation is not for you who do not serve to decide who and when my family should get it.  You sent us, now deal with the expense of doing so.  Idiots.I thought the basic idea was to have the other countries pay us for going to war for them. Iraq could pay us with oil, Afghanistan could pay us with opium. You know, stuff like that.

Never too late to vote Libertarian for a real change amerika

Yeah, we don't need to to pay the families of veterans.  Let them suck it up and go get their own.

Well...to settle our debt we should bring our troops home, stop giving other countries our money and let CIA monitor foreign affairs as it was created to do.

why are there still vets living on streets and under bridges

All of the money on this planet, from the civil war to the conflicts in Iraq and Afganistan can't possibly compensate for the number of lives lost....get real.....war isn't just about the financial aspect!

Thank you President Bush for passing debt for your wars to our Children!

So what. Do you think that George W. Bush cares? Not likely.

Ummmm probably because for some stupid reason after we blow someone to pieces we pay to rebuild their society and then continue to give billions in aid money.  Someone attacks you then you attack back, you dont give them money for the next 50 years.

It's wars and their wars.......I hate wars, but at least I get a sense of "protection", as too many people, countries want to harm us.  How much are the prez vacations costing the USA?  How much the Obamacare is going to cost?  How much the "Dream Act" is costing?  Solyndra? And the list goes on...

Aren't we still paying for Vietnam War as well as the French Indochina War?

America, this is what you get when you allow a little Middle Eastern country to determine your Foreign Policy.

Those Civil War vet relatives get less than $800 each per year.

If it's not a declared war, we don't belong there.  We are not policemen to the world.  Nor can we allow government lies and false flags to deceive and terrify us into bankrupting our nation while at the same time turning us into a nation of killers. If the politicians and corporate elite want to go fight and die, then let THEM go.  Great way of getting rid of them!

So basically our financial ruin will still be Bush's fault for the next century...Obama will be remember by history as the POTUS whom started the trend all the while not paying any money towards the interest accrued during the Bush Era and letting all the said interest go on the credit cards instead of addressing it when he took office...its Bush's fault because Obama hasn't done anything to change it!

tyrannosaurus debt consumes greater and greater portions of our money each and every day.

..and WHAT to show for it = OUR country in shambles HMMmmmmmm

I'm still paying for my war in Vietnam and haven't even got a penny from the Government....Go figure.

If we choose to be the worlds babysitter these are the consequences.  On the other hand 9/11 really #$%$ everyone off thats why everyone (majority of both parties) voted for the war. Maybe we finally can worry about our own problems at home one of which will be caring for all these soldiers coming back from the war.  And guess what if  North Korea and Iran come up with Nuclear threat everyone will want troops to go over to these countries again rather than getting blown up.  America needs to decide are we going to be a part of every conflict in the world or let the world do as they please as long as they leave us alone.  Both decisions have consequences. Can we be isolationalistsI got hit in Nam and came back with a service connected disability. But was still able to work and made a nice living. Since I have always been able to pay my own doctor bills, I've stayed away from the VA so they can take care of the less fortunate. Although I know some vets with money that go to the VA because its free.

Why is it that those who screamed for these wars the loudest are also the ones screaming the loudest that they refuse to accept any new taxes to pay for them? Yeah, this means you Conservatives.

The Debt should be paid for by the countries we are protecting! Period.  If not, they can defend themselves.

Some idiots thought we could build quick democracies in countries existing as tribes for a thousand years.......HUBRIS!!!

Both wars have spread great democracy to justice-hungry people and have freed them to find the promised land. And the best part is gasoline prices will plummet just as soon as Halliburton's 3600 wells come on-line. The 2.2 trillion ( the figure just released today of the true cost of the Iraq war alone) will be erased by the enormous money America will get from the grateful oil companies. Blackwater security has done very well as a corporation too with some top people making 10-figure salaries and bonuses. Yeah the 190,000 people killed was a little regretable but hey....they died for their country so their families can be proud and hold their heads high.

There is a cost to everything and War comes with one guarantee- its going to cost you. All this talk about being drafted or volunteering really doesn't cut it. The army maybe a volunteer army now, but to be honest its a conscripted army. People join because they need a job or don't have the wherewithal to continue their education, or there are bills to pay, kids to feed. Just check out the recruiting centers. They're in schools, in carparks, a few yards from convenience stores, they're everywhere and the guys who do the recruiting get credited. Its a set up that most young men who haven' yet figured out what they want to do with their life get talked into signing up. Which young guy aged 18, 19, 20, has any idea of what he's committing to? This voluteer thing is the biggest line of bull. And its almost from folk in those states where the economy has hit hard.That some of this compenstaion is open to abuse may be true, but who's going to tell a soldier that he's playing the system. Diabetes? That's from swilling too much Coke, Pepsi, cookies, doughnuts, hardly a war ailment. How about the drug addictions that hit 70% of those serving in Vietnam? Those drugs were flown in to Vietnam by US aircraft from Cambodia where the US had an agreement with the Montagnard tribes to help in the war and they got to continue growing and selling their opium inexchange. Many of those Montagnard were repatriated to the US after the war for their safety from gthe locals.War is a curse, but it keeps the generals and the weapons manufacturers happy.All this arguing about deficits pales in comparison to what this article highlights.

Old man Bush started Nafta , but Clinton sign the Nafta biil . Bush Jr started the war and Obama just added to it . butttttt what bills were signed right before Obama took office and NO im not a dem or a rep ..

Only those who never been to war are always screaming to go to war.Like the #$%$ politicians who rarely have family serving in the military or if they do they dont do front line fighting.Who cares what it costs cause when its paid for im sure there will be another war to fight for someones personal reasons or financial benefit .War sucks it takes something from u that u never get back.

And still you see the guys who said "I can't imagine this costing more the $40 Billion" on Fox

Well the politicians, military contractors, and corporations made a ton of money, so they're set. Americans are so stupid! I can't believe most of you fell for the propaganda about terrirrrirrrirsts and "protecting your freedumbs".Looks like the Bankers win again!

I want Paul Wolfowitz to pay for my share of the Iraq war debt. He said oil was going to pay for all the rebuilding, and I believed him.

Do you all realize how much money is being stolen from the USA every day-week- month? There is billions of dollars unaccounted for- in the name of wars and foreign aid. Remember hillary gave 1 million to the afghan rebels for army boots last year (think they really bought a million dollars boots?) That was the tax payers money. A million dollars here 50 mill there. Our money is being filtered out of our country every day- unaccounted for, and there is nothing you or I can do about it.

After spending all the money and spilling all the blood we have less freedom here now than ever before in our history.

If thats the case then we will be paying for king obamas follies for 300 years to come.

Now who do we have to thank for this?

The cost includes not taking care of those veterans, physically and mentally.  As the waiting time for any appointment is a month, fighting to get an MRI on a bad back can take 6 months, and a fMRI to check for brain damage wont be granted.  The VA spends more time deflecting Veterans than paying for their care.  And forget a diagnosis, that leads to treatment or compensation, both of which cost money.And the mental health care is a joke.  At JBLM, near Olympia, the majority of Soldiers and Veterans get the runaround when they try to get help.  All the local colleges are full of Veterans and spouses trying to learn psychology and social work to help their loved ones.As these Veterans do not get treated, their injuries worsen.  They may end up in a wheelchair, committing suicide, or haveing  a breakdown.  Even lashing out in "iirational anger".  And the public has come to accept the "crazy guy with PTSD" getting into trouble, never knowing how they fought for help, and were ignored by those agencies who where created to help them.Yes, I am #$%$.  3 years trying to get American Lake to check out my back as my pain went up and mobility went down.  Went back to Madigan and within 6 weeks had x-rays, MRI's, and PT leading to surgery.  And the VA now refuses to accept the diagnosis and wants to know why I went elsewhere for treatment.My neighbors son just killed himself.  He had a bad back and major mental health issues due to service.  He kept going to the VA, who gave him drugs, but no treatment.  So finally he went out back with a rifle to end the pain.The cost is going to be huge, both in money and changes to our people.

Send THANK YOU CARDS to Richard Cheney, George W Bush Donald Rumsfield

The Rupublicans love war but will not send their kids to fight. Where were these tea baggers when George W Bush put two wars on a credit card?

This is one of those sow and reap stories.Iraq War = 2.2 trillion ! That is what you get for letting Bush have his war ! He lied about WMD'S ! Even if there were WMD's , why let other countrie like Iran &amp; Syria have them ? Why let N. Korea &amp; Pakistan have nukes { WMD'S ] ? Could it be that Iraq is second largest deposit of oil? Could it be that Bush had personal grudge against Sadam ? He lied about Iraq &amp; this country is still paying for it !

Those who fought to preserve freedom, whether on foreign shores or here at home, what compensation do we give them to equal their sacrifice?? How do you pay a veteran back for your freedom??

FREEDOM isn't free

Surely the FOX crowd will add this to the Obama "16 trillion in debt" mantra.

What is called military retirement today is actually classed as (and this is accepted by the IRS, but still taxed) deferred compensation. Up until President Carter's administration where inflation went to double digits, military members were paid a pittance. I joined the Navy in 1963. An E-1's pay was about $76/month. In 1965, I got married and my total income was $250/month. I served with a Chief Petty Officer with about 18 years of service and a Lt. (O-3) Medical Officer (doctor) on my first ship in 1965, both earned about $600/month. It was always assumed (yeah, I know what that means) that the lifetime "retirement" after 20 years of service would be compensation for those miniscule salaries. So, what's my point? What would a civilian require for pay to be on duty 24 hrs/365 days/year and be expected to perform dangerous duties with a significant possibility of being killed? A he11 of a lot more that what the military has been paid over the years. And those who paid a dear price in mental and physical injury, they deserve whatever they need to live as decent a life as they can. So as we used to say in the Navy, Waaa, Waaa, Waaa, effen Waaa. Go down the hall, perchance to find sombody who gives a s**t!

Excuse my French, but NO #$%$! bill5153

"With greater numbers of troops surviving combat injuries because of improvements in battlefield medicine and technology, the costs of disability payments are set to rise much higher."The two wars they used as examples were both over 100 years ago. So people are living to be 150 years old or what? Only in America would we be paying for a war that happened 20 generations ago.

And now the government wants to ban vets from owning firearms?  What a slap in the face.

Pfft. The money the government pays to vets is pennies compared to the money the politicians made from declaring and carrying out war.

we like our wars, just do not like to pay for themAs far as Korea, Vietnam, Iraq and Afganistan are concerned, the reasons for these regional geopolitical wars were dubious at best.The only way to stop Presidents from getting us into more of these wars isto make the consequences painful financially and politically for themand their parties.

Not as long as we'll be paying for the raiding of the Social Security funds.

Maybe next time we should think about these costs BEFORE we start a war rather than moan and groan about them after the fact.  I don't recall this issue being brought up at all before we invaded Afghanistan and Iraq.

Alan Simpson:  ". . . we should make sure that survivors of veterans need the money they are receiving."  And apparently not one penny more, because the banksters need the rest to live in the manner in which they have become accustomed.

That could have been spent on medicare and SS,,

Lets see they say the vietnam war is still coasting us money. The agent orange  veterans of the vietnam war are  still fighting the government to get taken care of. Our government drags on with a bunch of excuses why veterans should no be able to claim for a disabity from the service. They hope the veteran dies befor they have to pay any money. Also everytime we go to war in another country and leave, we turn around and use government contractors to re build schools, roads, hotels and other buildings. The viet nam war we were in is costing you tax payers this year 500 million dollars because back in july of 2012 they passed a bill in congress which obama did not turn down to pay 500 million dollars to clean up the agent orange we sprayed in that country and to use some of that money to pay disabled vietnam people that were disabled from agent orange. You have a president and congress that would rather take care of disabled vietnam people that were disabled from agent orange, then spend that 500 million on vietnam veterans that are still fighting to get disabilty for agent orange and other injuries from that war. What a president you obama voters re elected. I am a vietnam veteran myself. Your president thinks more of people in other countries and illegals then he does america and americans. If can not see this get new glasses or get glasses for yourself.

_______Hey when you have the kinda Money We Have.....(LOL!)No Honestly, it really has been a LAUGH watching the.....Baby Doomers....Priss away the last of this Nations Money (.....ohhh sorry I mean...CREDIT CARD)...on these "Forever Wars" that have been going on for like....2 TIMES ALL OF WW2....and that have DONE NOTHING TO MAKE AMERICA "safer" IN ANY WAY. (actually we have many MILLIONS MORE PEOPLE WHO HATE US NOW thanks Bush/Obama and Co.).But hey.....Dianne Fiensteins Family has been able to make...BILLIONS....$$$$...SELLING WEAPONS (while she works day and night to figure out how to make it...ILLEGAL FOR YOU TO OWN A GUN TO DEFEND YOUR FAMILY !!)And hey.....The BUSH CLAN....has been able to do very...VERY WELL...what with all the NO-BID HIGH DOLLAR GOVERNMENT "Contracts" ....Ditto the Cheney Family.And even the Obamas have managed to increase their net worth.....500%.Meantime the American Middle Class has been DESTROYED in the last 13 Years...________" Sorry Baby Doomers there just isnt any Money left to pay your S.S. or MEDICAL NEEDS !!!! (LOL!)ROCK ON AMERICA....ROCK ON !!!!Ohhh...........and dont worry "your" CONTROLED BIG MEDIA will be hard at work PUSHING FOR A NEW WAR AGAINST IRAN...or SYRIA....or PAKISTAN....Or YEMAN....or some African Nation nobody can locate on a map !!!!(LOL!)

Sad how a sleezy congressman can get the best medical care and pension after a term but vets serving for years risking their lives have to basically fight at home for the same.

A debt we will keep paying right up until, BANKRUPTCY! Understand, I take nothing away from our veterans, it is the politicians who start the wars I have a problem with.

Had US and the Allies prevented or shortened Iraq and Afghanistan wars, world's economy will not be in recession stage at this moment.  Both sides of the war are plain casualties in terms of human lives losses and destroyed economy.The Civil War thing is not representative.  It was common for underage girls to marry utterly ancient Civil War vets to get that monthly check for life.What we need to worry about is the uncontrolled procreation by society's chronically dependent, who completely fail to do anything which might possibly change the life of their random offspring.  Trillions of dollars have had only the opposite effect, yet we continue to pretend that it's not their fault and that noticing makes you a hater.

Lets talk about how many vets will not get compensated, because of the back flow from previous wars.

We can't go on like this. Fighting endless wars and chasing an unknown enemy.We certainly cannot go fighting wars for Israel while our men and women die and they do nothing but collect the booty. Enough is enough. We are at the tipping point. Either people wake up from their slumber or we face massive world wide destruction.I hope, no, I pray,  the future proves me wrong.

Start voting Libertarian.

Aren't you glad that Reagan and Daddy Bush gave Ossama ben Lowdown Millions, training and weapons now ?????   Just the Interest on the Reagan National Debt is $384 Billion Dollars a year !!!!!!!!

Diabetes and heart ailment compensated by government, Wow! Its no wonder this country is going to the dogs. Kindly instruct the 30% FAT, OBESE Americans to watch their diet and exercise instead of eating like a pig! So that we taxpayers are not saddled by their gluttony. I would be glad to sock their mouth so they wouldnt eat for a week!!

WHAT WAS ACCOMPLISHED ????  I'M FOR OUR ,MILITARY  ,BUT WHY SO FRIGGIN' LONG ????

still paying for the Civil War, since when are any wars civil? When are people going to be civil again?

We need to affluence-test all former and current elected AND appointed officials to see if they really need their 'retirement' checks and other perks.  Since most are millionaires or richer, not a single elected and appointed official should receive a single dime nor any other form of compensation once they leave office.

Thank you President Bush.War, ....what is it good for.......absolutely nothing......

All the while CHina is getting stronger, smarter, and richer.  In 20 years they will own us as they own our debt.  We are a sad pathetic country that had so much potential.

Not nearly as long as we will be paying off Obama's debt.

meanwhile, the bush/cheney for-profit war designers will reap riches for years to come

The stupid war lovers should read this twice .

I guess tax cuts while we were in 2 wars was realy bad fiscal policy after all.

Next time you hear the politicians whine and threatening taking away everyone's medical and retirement and the benefits they earned over the years of their life, remember- all these legislators get a lifetime benefit package for them, their spouse AND their kids (no matter how old the kids are) that dwarfs anything workers and the like get, by miles and miles - again - for life, not just good medical benefits, but the best - free for life, not just a comfortable pension - but 100% of what they were paid while serving - forever! Think about that when they pontificate about the lack of funds this country has. They have better benefits than any public workers union can provide. But Congress never pays a dime for their benefits like public workers do. They serve the interests of the fat cats, because they know they will live like them forever, and want to minimize future taxes for themselves! Public servants my #$%$!

The cost is higher in ruined lives, maimed and dead soldiers. I say bring back the draft so that the Elites kids "experience" what all these brave men and women have

manY become filthY rich off of wars ask the bush and clinton familYs.

wars are for profit and the rich profit and the poor spill their blood in vain.A current search of Defense Department contracts shows that ‘Ryan Incorporated Central’ has had at least 22 defense contracts with the federal government since 1996, including one from 1996 worth $5.6 million,” Salon reports. “What’s funny is that Mr. Anti-Spending secured millions in earmarks for his home state of Wisconsin, including, among other things, $3.3 million for highway projects. And Ryan voted to preserve $40 billion in special subsidies for big oil, an industry in which, it so happens, Ryan and his wife hold ownership stakes.

╔═══╗─────────────────╔╗╔╗╔╗───╔══╗──────╔╗║╔═╗║─────────────────║║║║║║───║╔╗║──────║║║║─╚╬══╦══╦═╦══╦══╗───║║║║║║───║╚╝╚╦╗╔╦══╣╚═╗║║╔═╣║═╣╔╗║╔╣╔╗║║═╣╔══╣╚╝╚╝╠══╗║╔═╗║║║║══╣╔╗║║╚╩═║║═╣╚╝║║║╚╝║║═╣╚══╩╗╔╗╔╩══╝║╚═╝║╚╝╠══║║║║╚═══╩══╩══╩╝╚═╗╠══╝────╚╝╚╝────╚═══╩══╩══╩╝╚╝────────────╔═╝║────────────╚══╝ 卐 Worst president ever 卐

Wolfowitz said the oil would pay for the Iraq war.....yet he has NO accountability.

How much do we spend just protecting South Korea for the past 53 years, who has never contributed one dime for it...

After WWII congress raised the top tax rate to 90%, but everyone saw an increase. Today, congress doesn,t have the guts with their tales between theirs hoping to get reelected. A majority of the deficit was caused by these wars, and won't be paid for unless congress makes some tough choices.

BILLS THAT BUSH SIGN IN 2006, 2007 AND 2008 !!!!January 11: United States-Bahrain Free Trade Agreement Implementation ActMarch 9: USA PATRIOT Improvement and Reauthorization ActJuly 27: Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety ActAugust 17: The Pension Protection Act of 2006[2]September 30: Iran Freedom and Support ActOctober 4: Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2007[3]October 17: Military Commissions Act of 2006October 26: Secure Fence Act of 2006[edit] 2007May 22: Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008May 25: U.S. Troop Readiness, Veterans' Care, Katrina Recovery, and Iraq Accountability Appropriations Act, 2007July 26: Foreign Investment and National Security Act of 2007August 9: America COMPETES ActDecember 19: Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007[edit] 2008January 08: National Instant Criminal Background Check System Improvement Amendments LawFebruary 13: Economic Stimulus Act of 2008June 30: Supplemental Appropriations Act of 2008June 30: Post-9/11 Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2008July 30: Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008August 14: Consumer Product Safety Improvement ActOctober 3: Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008October 13: Drug Trafficking Vessel Interdiction ActOctober 16: Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008

Eisenhower - 1961 Farewell Address:"Throughout America's adventure in free government, our basic purposes have been to keep the peace; to foster progress in human achievement, and to enhance liberty, dignity and integrity among people and among nations. To strive for less would be unworthy of a free and religious people. Any failure traceable to arrogance or our lack of comprehension or readiness to sacrifice would inflict upon us grievous hurt both at home and abroad.""In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the Military Industrial Complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist."

Not the terrorists will ruin our country, all the wars will ruin our country at the end and history will show it,.....go to YOU TUBE and watch AriesT &amp; Phaydros "star spangled banner",.....alot of truth in this one !!!

Affluence-test Alan Simpson for his gold-plated Senate healthcare &amp; pension benefits.

WHY do our VETERNS SUFFER while the US government gives away TAXPAYER dollars to pay HOMAGE (foreign aid) to political leaders who stash the money in European banks in the names of their family--- then when they are deposed-arrested-targeted for assassinations- they live like kingsMost of the money went straight to large military contractors like Blackwater #$%$ Cheney's company) that did NOTHING except sending taxpayer the bill and bribing Congressmen.Opps I meant provide generous campaign funding for our dear, patriotic leaders.

Right...but we can't afford health care.

Costs are going up because we just can't shake our habit of going to war all the time. The American people are extremely fed up with war.  How about changing our foreign policy and slashing benefits for retired government officials, including former presidents? Another good idea would be to send members of the House and Senate to go to war, instead of regular people? .

To be honest, this war is just a drop in the bucket financially compared to wastefull spending and social programs. I was against the war but lets be honest how come we never see editorials about the wasteful prison health care and uber welfare costs for immigrants and the non working.

what is the question are we talking dollars or blood,  I have been paying every day since 28 jan 68 when i got blown up, so many of our vets will be doing the same long after i am gonetheir cost is priceless

The road to America's bankruptcy is paved with our dead and wounded soldiers. Sadly, it will never be never be paid for. Why do we always look at situations in dollars and cents. It'll be many years before the effects of our true loses are ever considered "PAID IN FULL".

The question should be how long will America be paying for QE?  Billions being printed and given to banks and we are stuck with the bill.

End government pensions.End the criminal monopoly.

American Government wars are STUPID. If you go to war then WIN, KICK A. and take notes.Stop wasting our money if you can't do that.

The financial burden isn't what I'm worried about. I'm worried about the social and moral implications of what we have done. (and are still doing)Thank you Mr Bush you have given a gift that will last me my lifetime !!!

I Blame W for this Mess this Country is in.

In some situations the cost of war is less than the cost of no war.  Was the Revolutionary War worth it?  What would cost have been without it.  This article is not quite as intellegent as my household pet.

I am pretty sure the pensions paid out "pale" in comparison to the profits made by the groups that "profit "from the wars themselves!

The fiscally conservative Republicans did not have a peep to say till Obama's inauguration, when they "woke up" to government waste.

For as long as there are brave Americans to protect her

Whoever think time heals all wounds is full of #$%$. There are many wounds,mental and physical that will never heal.

the  VA Medical center has  the  most  abuse of  any Government  Agency , i am a  Veteran and  can't believe  the people  at  the  VA wanting  to receive payment  for  something they consider service  connected, every time  they get  a  bump on their  #$%$ they go to the  VA, there are  deserving  Vets but  i would  say at least half  of  those there are wanting  a  handout, and  i am not surprised, when in service  you would  see the same  people on sick call every day, i don't use the  VA i have  Medicare, and  would  never  have  any kind  of  major surgery there for  sure.

And what a complete waste of American tax payer dollars it was.

When you compare the cost of keeping the illegals alive and well in USA it is a small price to pay for those that lived and died serving this country!The damn thing is, before we ever set foot in Iraq, people on the Left and in the Center were screaming loud and clear that it would cost us a sheetload and we would be paying for it for years. But nope, all of these great, responsible 'fiscal conservatives' just screamed louder and louder "you're either with us or against us" and pushed for  our mad rush to invasion. Now that Obama got us out,  we are left with the whopping bill, and they refuse to accept any measures to pay for it. This is why I do not believe a damn word whenever these people scream about the debt and fiscal responsibility.

Paying forever, because so called "terrorism" is not a standing army in a boardered nation. Paying forever because it makes the Bankster crooks money. Money on the intrest the loan us to fund the wars, money to be made in the countries we invade that have no World Bank ties and who use gold to pay for imports and except gold for their exports. The easy answer is to blame the oil companies...no one ever blames the Banks or the Military Industrial Complex. Lybia, Iraq, and until recently Iran nor Korean follow "Central World Bank" policies nor barrow from such, seems legit now doesn't it? Get this though, neither did we until the 1900's and the World War pandemics were intitiated.Educate yourself beyond your newspaper and The Histroy Channel. Start reading Financial History in cunjunction with World History and you will get a clearer picture.

The many ´military conflicts´ that the US has initiated recently will cost billions. The least that can be done is to WIN the conflict quickly with as little loss of life and wounded as possible. Politically correct does not work in a physical confrontation.

Just think...  Wars cost so much, yet the welfare programs waste and fraud costs even more..  Wars come and go in ranges of years, Welfare fraud is here every day getting larger and larger..  Wars get paid off at some point, Welfare fraud and abuse keeps growing and will never stop..

America is broke! The only reason we the people cant see it yet is the federal reserve continues to get the okay to print more money.The dollar is the worlds reserve currency which gives the United State the right to print money.The Russians, Chineese,Arab Emirates,South Korea and some others are holding meetings to change that! As soon as that changes and it will the US dollar will fall and prices will sky rocket and that day is a lot closer than you might think.Our government is preparing for that day as we speak.stock piling military type weapontry for urban warfare.......you have been warned.........

A thousand years would be much closer.

Mooching war widows!Vote no to prop 305!

THANK YOU GEORGE W. BUSH AND THE GOP!

10 years after Iraq war and the trillions we spent...... I'm still unemployed. =(

Remember that Iraq war every time you hear the GOP whine about spending.   What a colossal waste of money that was!For many families, they'll be paying for the rest of their lives. $%$# coward muslims.

The U.S. needs to keep it's nose out of the world's business.  We can't afford to get involved.

A ‘Veteran‘ — whether active duty, discharged, retired, or reserve — is someone who, at one point in his life, wrote a blank check made payable to The United States of America, for an amount of up to, and including his life.

What has congress sacrificed?  Why do they give themselves all the benefits for doing absolutely nothing, and cut the funds for those that go in to fight for the country???

The more pressing question is how long will we be paying for this president ?That's something we may not be able to recover from.

Wars are created by the rich---to make them richer.  Poor people fight these wars....and become poorer.

we will be paying as long as our idiots in office keep forgetting to sent the people we are fighting to keep free the dam bills!!!!!!

091101 this memory willlast longer

Stop being the worlds police force. Let them deal with their own issues, America has enough problems that are not being addressed or dealt with.

The cost of these wars is not as expensive as LBJ's war on poverty! (that is going on still today).When the neocons hijacked the GOP, we began these endless, unwinnable, idiotic wars.

Where did the money go? To American workers who manufactured and supplied war materiale. Ammo, tanks, armor, food rations, etc.

and the republicans want to cut social security and medicare benefits for the American people--go figure.

The Iraq war was a war so unecessary and costly in terms of lives and money. If anyone benefitted for the war, and the other war in Afganistan it would have to be the military industrial complex. Yet, we still have politicians still advocating for the build up of our military, Surprising a few if any of these politicians actually have family members serving along the side of the not so well off Americans. When will the working class of America take back their country from the rich? But the likelihood of it happening are so remote. The working class of America have become sheep programmed to graze where they are told.

Did I read the article right when it said 2 children of Civil War vets are still alive?

WWII was the only real necessary war for us to fight, seeing as we were invaded.  Korea, perhaps.  WWI, certainly not.  Vietnam = none of our business although we were fighting a tyrant's regime for global good.  I don't think that the US should be involved in global affairs like that.

The Civil War and WWI and we are still paying on that? My god.. This is simply horrific greed and unbridled government incompetence... My god.. How can these great great relatives of these heros actually take this money... Bottom of the barrel...

We will be taking care of the Civil War forever as all those freed blacks now living in the projects demanding their freebies and having litters of children.

BTW, how much is Kosovo and Haiti costing per year?

Nobody gives a #$%$.#$%$ you allBoy we are just about done with the latest one ,Lets go stick are nose in another one to keep things going!!! Why do we think we are the world police ?!!!!

Republicans love to send your children to war and claim they are true americans.let them pay for these wars.

If the government put a War tax right on your paycheck next to all the other taxes I'd bet we'd have peace

What about tapping into the personal war chests of both Bush &amp; Cheney for creating the Iraqi war by misleading the American people?  Seems like Halliburton made lots of $$$ off the Persian Gulf wars and I wouldn't be surprised if Cheney had his kickbacks held in a special account until his VP assignment was over.  Didn't bother asking for funding ~ just did it under the guise of WMDs!

Last Time I Heard The Lil Treasonous CIA Outing Mongaloid "Decider" Was At Some Soiree In The Caymans Where He Gettin Drunk And Wupping It Up With Other Tax Evaders .....

Well, at least the Bush family, and the House of Saud got their oil and money.All they had to do was convince average Americans it was about "Patriotism", not Petrodollars.

Amazing . . Americans are just now waking up to the cost of war? Our great grandchildren are going to be paying for these wars all of their lives!!!

The action of a single lunatic, costs over 4000 American lives and the rest of the entire country pays for it for generations.  Quite a system, this democracy.

The taxpayer foots the bill while the Military Industrial complex rakes in the cash. Eisenhower warned us of this, and Kennedy was killed over it. Bush and Obama both have just fed the monster. Obama has no intention of ending these wars as he said he would when he took office.

Add the cost of Oborrower, and we wont see the light for 200yrsThank you Lyndon Johnson for Vietnam andthanks to Geo Bush and #$%$ Cheney forstarting wars that never needed to be started.a vet

In GOPville they have very short and selective memories when it comes to the budget. But all they need to do is look at the CBO and realize that 71 percent of our budget is going things like Military, SS, Medicare/Medicaid and interest on the debt. And those percentages have been roughly the same for many, many years. They also need to figure out what part of the budget is discretionary and what is mandated by congress. But I guess its just so much easier to blame on big bad almighty super evil person.

"Simpson said he has a lot of concerns about the government agreeing to automatically compensate for those diseases." Screw Simpson  and all the other that actively covered up for the problems associated with agent orange. They all should be sent to jail for dragging their feet hiding reports that contradicted their stand and out right cover up. They should go to jail for the 40 years and countless thousands of veterans that put life’s on the line but were denied help until it was to late. Simpson go to hell. Simpson and the rest of you whining about the cost . If you don’t want to pay the real cost of going to war then don’t send our troops into harms way on a lie.

Alan Simpson also pointed out that $87 BILLION is spent by taxpayers annually to subsidize the healthcare and Tricare for affluent military lifers retirees over and above the VA and not available to regular veterans who served their country without turning it into a war profiteering experience or gaming the system in some way.Anybody who has ever served in the military saw waste, fraud, and abuse, saw many ways to exploit the various government systems--paid advanced degrees, getting family members into governement jobs, signing up for needless training on TDYs to turn into paid vacations, stealing equipment, etc., getting non-service-connected disability payments, etc.

If you don't like American soldiers fighting overseas in a foreign country,then we can vote to have them stay at home and wait till we're invaded and fight the battle in the streets and across state lines and borders. You decide if you want the war here or over there Liberals. You control the senate and the presidency. How about it?

Simpson got his congressional pension and is a millionaire to boot; easy for him to say deny Vets the services and disability payments they need. Change all that and see what happens to the "all volunteer" military.

I suppose we should save our money so we can pay to go to war in the future?????? You never know when you may have to go to war or how long your going to be at war so how are you going to pay for something when you won't know what it cost till its over???? This article is silly and the liberals bashing Republicans for it are just silly. We can't go to war with just the ok of Republicans, Dems had control of congress till 2007 and congress has to sign off on going to war. Blame all you want, but it was a joint effort. Thats what you liberals forget "One nation under God" you (d)umbasses.

Bad thing is we go and blow up other countries and then pay to rebuild instead of taking care of our own vets. We need to stop being the world police and seal our own boarders screw the rest of the world.

And yet we're giving money away to Egypt and Pakistan...

This is exactly how countries fail. Maybe next time elect a buisnessman rather than some attorney.War is another "Follow the Money"

I would rather pay money for our military members than welfare recipients any day.  At least they are helping their country.  If you’re worried about spending tell Obama to quit handing our money out to foreign leaders and campaign contributors.

Not one mention of..   Where were those WMD's?         And who sent us to war?       Can any one guess?     Obama?..    Right, he started a few wars and never finished em...    By the way.  Since being a hero is now over, the VA will and is reverting back to it's old ways of No and no and we don't have any records of that..     Your a hero when they did you and nothing when their done..   I've seen guys get comp over lies and the ones that really have it coming..                         Well...............           The fight never ends.

That 'War On Drugs' has certainly paid dividends, though. Sure, it's cost $trillions from taxpayers but lawyers and smugglers are making a fortune and we'll eventually win that war when all humans are killed by a comet or asteroid.

How long will Americans be paying for the wasted wars started by the UN?.

Americans are too dumb to care.

I just hope if our government orders the military to act against the American public when the outrage finally erupts, they stand with the American people (their families) and protect "US" from the Illuminati and our crooked government!!!!

Yea and these people hate us let them fight their on battles and if they come over here we just smoke them our government needs keep their noses out of everybody else's business and we be better off financially

Let's not forget that Iraq did not have WMDs and was a needless war. As a lifelong republican, the actions of George W Bush have pushed me to vote Libertarian ever since 2004.

Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #34: War is good for business.How about how long will we pay for welfare, food stamps, and section 8? How long will we have affirmative action?

................................Now above $22 billion annually, Vietnam compensation costs are roughly twice the size of the FBI's annual budget. And while many disabled Vietnam vets have been compensated for post-traumatic stress disorder, hearing loss or general wounds, other ailments are positioning the war to have large costs even after veterans die..............................Based on an uncertain link to the defoliant Agent Orange that was used in Vietnam, federal officials approved diabetes a decade ago as an ailment that qualifies for cash compensation — and it is now the most compensated ailment for Vietnam vets............................The VA also recently included heart disease among the Vietnam medical issues that qualify, and the agency is seeing thousands of new claims for that issue. Simpson said he has a lot of concerns about the government agreeing to automatically compensate for those diseases."That has been terribly abused," Simpson said................................For it's Tommy this an' Tommy that, and "Chuck 'im out, the Brute." But it's "Savior of 'is country," when the guns begin to shoot.- Rudyard Kipling

Isnt that the reason why the banks fund all wars? Hmmm

But HEY!We got to stand up straight, TALK LOUD AND PROUD, had juice dripping from out patriotic *ICKS and on top of all of that, WE GOT TO WAVE THE FLAG.Let's keep important stuff at the TOP!

War is about old men talking and young people dying. Maybe we should go back to the old ways where leaders "lead" the military into battle. Then maybe war would be seen as the last resort.

America pays for everyone elses wars, then tells other countries that they don't need to pay us back for rebuilding...   Stop foreign aid to all countries that have ppl burning American flags!  And those we send to, make it a loan, not a gift!

still paying for the civil war?   YES WE ARE!  Paying for every homeboy from Compton to Atlanta who WONT GET A JOB!  That includes the homies in Dallas, Detroit, Chicago, NYC, DC, Gary, IN, and oh so many more cities.

funny how they don't talk about how much ENTITLEMENTS COST .... a fraction of the wars

Congress and Obama will make history with the damage they do to this country...nevermind, Obama already has. Can you say record gas prices, record food prices, record homelessness, record living below poverty line, record troops over seas(he tripled Bush' numbers), record defecit, double dip recession, record unemployed etc, etc...all while providing record aid to the Muslin Bortherhood in Egypt and the terrorist harboring Pakistanis and Palestinians, not to mention creating strongholds for Al Qaeda in Libya and soon to be Syria...NOBAMA!!

Soooooo....Obama dwarfs one and all.  He has spent $14.4 TRILLION taxpayer dollars of which $9.4 was spent on entitlement and welfare programs, and has contributed $6.7 TRILLION to the National Taxpayer Debt in just 4 years.By comparison Ronald Reagan spent a total of $7.1 trillion taxpayer dollars and contributed $1.7 trillion to the national taxpayer debt over 8 years.It is inarguable that Obama subscribes to the Cloward-Privin Strategy which is to use the vulnerability and greed for power of politicians, and drive them to spend so much on social welfare they bankrupt the country in the name of economic and social justice.To accomplish this he has had to convince the cognitively challenged that Obamanomics can spent our way into prosperity and borrow our way out of debt with their money.  It worked on 51.02% of the voting fools in the 2012 election.How long will it take our kids and grand kids, and great grand kids, To pay for oboma's frist 4 years,7 trilllion and another 10 trillion in the next 4 years.

it could take a century for some of the veterans to get there bennefits from the VA.

The big question is, how long are we going to pay for other peoples wars.

I remember if you spoke out against the war the righties called you un-American. They were so righteous.

unlike most people, I blame the troops. just dont show up. you cant say im just following orders when you are actively murdering and looting. Its shameful. Get your act together humanity.

I'll save the government some money. I propose a bill to be signed into law that after 100 years after the conflict has ended all benefits stop. I'll call it the "Stop Mooching Act".

"There are 10 living recipients of benefits tied to the 1898 Spanish-American War at a total cost of about $50,000 per year. The Civil War payments are going to two children of veterans — one in North Carolina and one in Tennessee— each for $876 per year."I don't get it. My dad fought in the Revolutionary War ( battle of Bunker Hill) and I'm not getting a red cent.

We will paying for several generations. Add to that thousands of Americans dead, hundreds of thousands wouned and you have G. Bushes legacy. Stick that in your museum George.

On the other hand, this war made MANY defense contractors wealthy enough to afford scores more lobbyists, and had enough left over to line all the corporate management's pockets.

I had a medical run to a Vietnam vet, he was just skin and bones after being exposed to Agent Orange. He said the Vetrerans Adm. cut off his meds and benefits a year earlier. It was cheaper to let him die than pay for his care. I shook his hand and thanked him for his service and apologized for my country's treatment of him......he  was gone in a week....Thats the thanks you get?don't sweat the small stuff

So?

We could have the dumbest foreign policy ever. Continuing to bankrupt ourselves over a fake 'enemy.'

But, but Cheney and his NeoCons said that Iraq would not cost the taxpayer in the USA a penny for the Iraqi war, because all costs would be paid with Iraqi oil money. Liar. Liar, Liar!!!!

Half as long as the costs of Obama

maybe the goverment should take a pay cut

until we default and start fresh :D

why on earth are we still paying the descendants of the Spanish American and Civil wars?

Apparently Right Wingers love going to war, so long as their families are not the ones doing the fighting! DRAFT COLLEGE REPUBLICANS!

Get ready to pay some more because the United States Govt is a war monger it just loves conflict in the world,It appears to me that our govt.is run by Satan perhaps!I don't understandWhy are we still paying veterans funds for the Civil War?

many illnesses are not just due to service in vietnam, many had been exposed to the same herbicides stateside and the gov doesn't recognize it...the gov made a big mistake when they let dow chemical off the hook..but the court decided that a contractor hired by the defense department can't be held liable for illnesses arising from using those herbicides..dow knew that it would destroy lives!!!until this date, the defense department refuses to admit that ft ord used dow chemicals, but many soldiers have come forward and testified to the fact...it is a shame how our gov treats it's veterans and on top we have citizens that don't want a soldier to be taken care off!!

Don't forget to put Obama on that spending list.

Still talking about war that special naive way.  Talk to an old Russian about the cost of war and ask him what the price is when you just decide your not going to do it.

Try asking a Veteran what they think!   I guarantee most will tell you it was worth every minute and they had pride in performing their duties

interesting

$12 Billion a year isn't so bad when you compare the US Government forking over $304 Billion to put the internet in Africa.  So you tell me where we are getting the best bang for the buck, $12 Billion/yr to veterans or $307 Billion to put the internet up in a country that probably has less than 1% of its population that can even use a computer.

We can't undo the past. But we should look forward and plan to take care of our people coming home from Iraq and Afghanistan

the Iraq war was for bush 'father and Corrupt cheney 'Contractors like halliburton and cheney corrupt backwater thugs .GREED and Corruption was their MOTTO  and CREED. they raped and pillage Iraq people and the USA TAX Payers and all those Poor USA Military personnel that died for cheney Corrupt  contractors GREED and Corruption.

Better question how long will the u.s. Be giving big money to countries that hate us ?Vietnam, Iraq and now Afghanistan .....Any more like these, America may notbe able to stand under these trillion dollar fiascos.   War are easy to get in,almost intractable to get out. Add these up, could make a serious dent into the16 Trillion dollar hole the US is in ....

Statisticians are so inept that they cannot really accurately predict at the start of the year how big the federal deficit will be by the end of the year, but they think they can tell us how long the government will be paying for a war?

NOT IF YOUR NAME IS CHENEY!

Quick question: who is getting benefits from the wars of the 19th century still?

The obvious abuse is staggering, from civilians to members of Congress. When will the madness stop?

History:After WWII we were called "Most Admired and Respected Nation" in the World.How did we go from that to this?Look into who is taking over our Media, who is dictating All of our Foreign Polices and You Will Get The Answers.How To Fix it:1- Looks Like we don't need Greedy Politician and War Mongers to run our Country.2- Term Limit on Congress.3- Ban Foreign Lobby groups and Bribes from Corporations.

Washington  Think Tanks + Foreign Lobby Groups = Bribes + $$$ + Intimidation.

Is this the majority of the Republican's '47%' regurgitated Romney #$%$? The same people these Republican War Mongers sent out to get hurt or die for WMD LIES? The same people that Republican supporters socially shoot at so they can regurgitate their 'entitlements' excuses?Can't wait for 2016Hillary wins by 325... mark it!

The bush chainey wars have cost (in dollars) 4 trillion so far and still counting... Jus sayin

WWII - we're still in Europe, still in Japan... still in Guam..... still in Hawaii (just kidding).... Still in South Korea (screw N. Korea...)  still in the Middle East....  thank god our Navy is a "Global Force for Good"  Think about that new slogan for the Navy .... it's scary...Halliburton should pay for it all.

Wars are like dogs !  Ain't not such thing as a free one !

"An Associated Press analysis of federal payment records found that the government is still making monthly payments to relatives of Civil War veterans — 148 years after the conflict ended."Who exactly is the recipient of the payment?  Obviously, not the veterans or their spouses.

"An Associated Press analysis of federal payment records found that the government is still making monthly payments to relatives of Civil War veterans — 148 years after the conflict ended." How is that possible? I'm missing something here.

I have been saying that we still are paying for the Vietnam war but I did not go all the way backto World War l &amp; ll,  Korea War, Civil War &amp; American/Spanish War. Now we have Iraq/Afghan War which the Republican VOTED/UNFUNDED iresponsibly for these wars that will cost $$ TRILLIONS and counting for so many years. No wonder that our Deficits/Debts will be hitting the stratosphere for so many decades, and of couse, China is very, very happy by giving us an open line of credit. Don't the Republicans realize this?

What relatives of the civil war are still getting benifits???  Arent we all relatives of civil war vets?? government at its worst.

How long will they continue to pay? Until they cease being the World Police.

If we and England don't do who will ?

The cost of war is much, much higher than the price.

Where are those damn WMD's?you can thank your republican warmongers Bush/Cheney/Rove  for the debt your kids and grandkids will have to pay............funny how republicans display fake outrage on spending and completely ignore this...........being brainwashed by Fox "news"........is a serious problem

All cost are not financial as all debts are not financial we owe gratitude to our veterans and we owe it to the parentless children that other childrens parents won't be sent into unnecessary wars  -- These are debts that don't show on credit reports but are still owed.

It took Bush 8 years to wrack up 4 trillion in debt, including the 2 wars &amp; the cost of 911It took Obama only 4 years to wrack up 6 trillion in debt... with another 4 years to goThe money spent on those two wars look like chump change in comparison..

Get to work kiddies!

We will also be paying for Obama's numerous vacations and unjustified spending for many years to come as well.

yes, all big numbers, and when added together the total cost I understand is about $1 trillion.  Even larger number.Now what about the other $5 trillion the US govt has spent over the past 4 years.  Can Patty Murry study why her party is spending money faster than soldiers can shoot and burn it over 10 years?

from a soldiers perspective. the price is paid every day. a quick trip to your local v.a. is all it takes to see this.

If Republicans had any say, it would be FOREVER.McCain wanted to be in Iraq for a hundred years... Romney had a hard on for Syria... And they all want war with Iran... After, of course, Bush broke the Middle East by removing Iran's counterweight... Iraq... The GOP has been the biggest waste of protoplasm this country has ever seen these last decades...

We could have easily paid it off with the 6 trillion dollars Obama wasted in 4Not only do we have to pay off the wars..we have to pay off Obama's spending spreeThat should take about 300 years in itself..providing he don't add another 6 trillion by 2016

I am a combat veteran many times over and I love all veterans from all wars, but how is it that the government is still making monthly payments to relatives of Civil War veterans — 148 years after the conflict ended?And this is not even including all those "Reparation" payments either!

So, where are the WMDs? Don't tell me the Iraq war was for nothing!

If those Neocons who pushed for all these wars could be forced to be first in line...We would probably have peace breaking out all over the world.

Iraq is the legacy of Geo W, a monument to his stupidity.

Give the politicians the same benefits as the military. No retirement unless you do 20 years of active federal service. Same medical plan (TRICARE) as the military. No benefits unless you do 20 years. And term limits to make sure they don't do twenty years at the same job. I'm tired of paying for their free healthcare and childrens free college and have no problem living off the government dole.

Viet Nam, Afghanastan and Iraq.someone explain to me how these wars helped the American people?if it didn't help us, then at least explain to me how we helped the people in these countries?

When we decide to go to war, we have to consciously be also thinking about the cost..Funny, the US havent officially declare war in what? Over 60 years?  Thats why the Constitution was setup to not make going to war such a frivolous decisions.

Ah yes, the short, historically challenged minds of libtards. Now tell me again, who was the president that escalated the Viet Nam war? You know, the one where 54,000 Americans DIED!! Oh yea, that's right: Lynden Baines Johnson!! An idiot demcrap!!!!!!!!!!!!

Thanks George Bush. Ever find those WMD's?

Did Bush have anything to do with Halliburton? Just wondering.The only real reason I think why Obama was re-elected. Bush was a fool thinking he could fight the same style of wars we fought in Korea and Viet Nam and win quickly and decisively.

that's about 400 less years than it's going to cost us to get out of Obamas mess!

Bush started the Iraq War and republicans refuse to pay for it.  America's mistake was allowing Bush to take over the White House.  Now, the damage can not be fixed unless guys like Boehner get removed from office.

If you want to play you've got to pay.

Charge to BUSH and his Republican cronies...

"When we decide to go to war, we have to consciously be also thinking about the cost," said Murray, D-Wash.Wait time in Wa state is over six months.  This is when you have all your tests done, doctors reports, ect.  It takes six months for the paperpushers to say "yes, he is hurt".  This is on the new "fast" program, where the VA already says that injury is service connected.Glad you Dad's VA money fed your family Senator.  Pity or Troops can't feed theirs.

So our Conservative War Mongers send us out to war to get us hurt/killed, rack up the debt beyond recovery and then point at the black president for blame... as we continue to vote them out and better this country, I hope we never forget what these Conservative racists did to us for the past 150 years!

And who benefited from the Iraq war . I'm not a Obama supporter but the reps cant blame Obama for this one . didnt Cheney sign a no bid contract .. and were wmd  every found ... soo this mess didnt just start when Obama took office .. yes he did add to it, but he didnt just start this mess !!!

A more simple answer is "pure greed'" . I have mine and you can not have anything .

...Americans pay....republicans count their Profits.......of course...all the while ...wearing a flag-pin, to make-up for a deferment ....or choosing not to serve, ..in a War ..they promoted and supported...and profited from...Thanks for the memories W.

Don't forget the cost of SLAVERY. Go to another county and see how they could give a D... about the color of your skin. While instead of working with each other we continue to obsess over it.

We will be paying for the "stimulous" longer.

Obviously we have a bunch of morons running this country, they all supported the criminal war in Iraq,yet refuse to pay the costs of war. they'd rather shift the cost to our children's children.

I think yahoo News is right....The next time someone attacks us, like Pearl harbor, rather than go to war, lets just cut a deal with them, and agree to pay them large sums of money, to prevent a war, and than we won't have to pay for all those pesky wounded and dead service men, and women, who defended us. I'm sure the empire of Japan, and Adolf Hitler would be very pleased, and we would all be sending them our taxes, instead of the idiots who now rule this over extended, excuse for a former Great Country. Bravo Yahoo news, who like all of the rest of the far left media, makes more news, than they report....sad

How much will be going to Halliburton and #$%$ Cheney?

Hmmmm....I want to see what the costs of illegals sucking off the federal social welfare state.  Seems to me the veterans actually did something other than break the law.  I think this article is a good case for the tail wagging the dog!

If the gov't doesn't want to pay for veterans... then don't send them to war.

simply stop waging wars unnecessary...

Not only that, but war affects everything and that's why we are in this government sequester and is the main reason why we are headed for a global economic desaster. If 9/11 had ben avoided and spoiled by our govenment agencies like it should, we wouldn't even have this discussion to begin with. I think Washington purposely did nothing to prevent it, because we had some unfinished business in the Middel east, since politicians durning the George H. administration wouldn't allow troops to go into Iraq during Desert Storm, so they did nothing to prevent the events of 9/11, because that gives the United States an excuse to go into Iraq and Afghanistan and have a war. Our Government is reponsible for the finacial and economic desaster that we are in now and there is nothing that can be done to fix it to becoming a booming economy that we had during the Clinton administration again.It's time to end the wasteful spending of US $$$ on war's. We are not the worlds police force. If foreign countries want to kill each other then so be it. It's their problem not ours.

We don't care about costs, and the proof is that we are actively looking to see who we are going to invade next.  Iran, Syria, North Korea, who knows?  I do know that they ask the average working man to pay for it, and that is after they try to send you over there to fight for them.  I love and pray for our soldiers, but the reason that we haven't flat out won a war since WWII is that there hasn't been a war worth fighting.

Obama cares so much

Vets or illegals..pick is yours people...We can sit and #$%$ of this cost but no sits and #$%$ of the cost of illegals in this country..They seem to be put ahead of anyone or any citizen or soldier...And dont think they are not seeing this..cause they are..Im from a long line of service members in my family..And many still serving..As they see it the illegals seem to get special treatment and catered to while they #$%$ what our military cost....They taken from the solidiers and gave to illegals and dead beats ..They have free programs for all sorts of things such as free tuition for illegals kids while they cut the militarys tuition for our soldiers..Dont see many liberals or illegals raising hell of this do we?..But then again life doesnt mean much to liberals ..Aslong as someon else dies for them or for their cause ..even babys..

I prayed that after Vietnam our country would wize up but still no peace here but more hated now than in 1975. We must take care of our veterans but I feel in my heart that as long as I can live I will never see peace in this world. America lives off the war machine.

I've met three Iraq and one Afghanistan veterans, you know what? there are going to be paying for the rest of their life what money can't touch, including their families. So please don't ad insult to injury when you put a price tag on our veterans care, when we house criminals in jails at a cost of $35-$75K a year for each of them, plus what we pay people in Government to screw things up for their country.

FOREVER!!!!.......what CHUMPS!

This article brings out the true cost of war. All the military personnel who were injured physically or mentally and their long term costs. According to the government the cost of war ends when Boeing. Raytheon and the rest of the military industrial complex leaches are paid off. Look at the Vietnam War all the injured veterans years later who get VA benefits and now the republicans want to privatize the benefits and just give out vouchers because the republicans just call the VA benefits entitlements. When we now go to war we should be aware the cost of war is VA payments for all the soldiers with missing limbs or PTSD injuries for their lifetimes and put those in the cost of that war. Maybe if we did this we would not be so prone to jump into every war.

Yes we've be fighting 2 Wars with the Cost climbing Higher and Higher.At the same Time we've given our selves a Tax cut to help Boost the Economy..No wonder the National Debt has Grown even Faster..Back in WWII people actually bought War Bonds to help pay for the War.Theres no way in Hell selfish people would ever do that in this Day and Time..We're all to consumed with or wants,that new cell phone,tablet etc.As long as its made in China..Theres your Sign!

Wow . That's silly mental illness persons bush and cheney, did made a very very wrongmoved. Invasion into Iraq and Afgan.  Just to catch a Murderer's of Osama Ladin.caused a thousands of thousands lives died without nothing.our government SUCKS!  these are WARS OF PROFIT...profit for the politicians and their friends

Yep, and the 1 percenters bank on it every time. Like anything, it's the labor cost, the materials are dirt cheap in comparison.

We were promised the war will be quick and Iraqi oil will pay for it. Oh boy ain't we lied to and why these folks still not in jail is beyond me.

George W.(WorstEver)Bush's dam fault *_____*

End Federal Resvere!

It's all about the money, money, money...

Republicans talk loud about 'support the troops' except when we actually have to support them.

How long will we be paying for Obama's wasteful spending and Obama not-care fiasco that will cost us Trillions?

Muti-generational benefits? I hope Congress doesn't get any ideas on that... Veterans and spouses, to some extent, deserve coverage more than politicians for sure. I'll bet the vets get lots less than the jerks that sent them into harms way. None the less there is probably some abuse here, just like in every corner of govt. Cut govt fraud and waste where ever it exists! Build a national efficiency.

Paying off the war debt won't be nearly as costly as paying off all of the non-war related debt created by Obama and the democrats, and that's not even counting the enormous debt that will be created by Obamacare.Jennifer, lady, oh lady, you........don't know how right you are!

How long will America being paying for Illegal Immigrants?  100's of thousands of years.

What I'd like to know is who are the ones MAKING money from these wars?The ones who started them?!?

Why is it that when I follow my Governments' example of how to borrow money and not pay it back I get my life taken out from underneath my feet but they.., these people just keep on keepin' on..., doing nothin' about it.., like it doesn't even matter in the least bit. Sickening.

What!!??  Wars cost money?Surely this must be treasonis talk.

Cost of the wars should never be burden of the veterans and their families. Regardless of later political implications of wrongful wars, they went and served while we voted in the politicians who made the mistakes. The bills should always be on the tax payers. Maybe they will learn to go to vote on election days and oust some of the idiots we elect in on timely manner.

Bring our troops home!  All of them!!!  Mr Pres don't you know by now these people of the Eastern world have been fighting for centuries and it's not going to stop?We need the troops home to help rebuild our infrastructures?   ya think? mr O

"How long will America be paying for its wars?"For as long as there is a possibility to borrow money and the military industrial complex is in the hands of the private sector... As long as there are billions to make in the process there will be excuses to go to war...Until America is broke and can't borrow anymore and future generations are born into a hell of a debt impossible to pay...

The question should be, "Who DIDN'T pay for America's two wars?"  Hey Teabaggers, remember George W Bush?  HE was the one who didn't pay for the wars and that's why we're in such debt now...but you would never admit that, would you?

well the only time in history the debt was paid off was 1830, right after the 2nd revolution the war of 1812Thanks Republicans! Thanks for the treasure lost, the maimed, the dead GI's, the broken families, the 500,000 dead Iraq's, etc etc. and you want us to trust you with running the Government again? I think not

This was not a decision made by the whole country,it was made by a handful of people, including the president.Feels great having to help pay this insurmountable debt made by someone elses stupid decisions.

Here's an idea...Get out, stop giving money to other countries, stop borrowing money from other countries, stop bailing out bad ideas from rich, arrogant companies, treat middle class like they are people, and you know what...this country might be much better.

Affluence tested needs to happen NOW.  I get so tired of so many of my clients getting government benefits because they-as a person-have no assets, but their trusts have millions in them from what mommy and daddy left them.  Trusts should count as assets for the purpose of government benefits, we need to dig deeper into these peoples finances before we just say "well your tax return showed you only made $12k last year, but we wont ask how you live in a $1.5mm mansion and drive a Mercedes...benefits approved".

If we have to rebuild a country after we blow it up, then we shouldnt go to war EVER AGAIN!!we can't afford it!!!

I would like to know the age of the recipients of the Spanish-American war. If they were soldiers or their wives during the war that would make them at least 120 years old.

The 2003 Iraq War was pointless

someone go knock on Halliburton's door and demand our money back!

wars have been at a cost since the beging of time. not only money which everyone thinks about but lives of our young men and women.

Yes Vietnam was a war against another army and more 57,000 of brave soldiers were killed. These war we do not see a army so who are you fighting some rags heads. Waste of money should have spent billions in our country.I blame most of the American people for believing our crooked government lies and then voted the same "TWO PARTIES " INTO OFFICE TIME AND TIME AGAIN !!! YOU CANT FALL FOR THE SAME LIES THAT MANY DAMN TIMES AND IF YOU DO THEN YOUR MIND ISNT ALL THERE .

Average salary of congressmen $170,000 could help if we demanded minimun wage for public servance who dont represent and get a wacko amount of pay plus benifits,  joke on american people..  Divide 170,000 by 52 weeks and think why in GOD'S name they get paid that much.

"War is young men dying and old men talking"

Well this is all nice and good but remember, unfunded liabilities are up into the hundreds of trillions of dollars. Don't believe me? ok fine check out usdebtclock_org, it's all there.

The longest period of time we've gone without being at war with somebody, was I believe between the War of 1812 and the Civil War, when we were fighting ourselves.  Then between 1865 and 1898, we fought against Native Americans.  There of course were military "adventures" being constantly fought between these periods.  Then after the Spanish American War we've averaged a "war" every 10 years.  We'll never be done paying for war if we keep this up.  Keeps the weapons manufacturers happy though.

2 T $ -- like spitting in the ocean compared to what Obo has spent on vacations and her wardrobe.

Draft them, blow them up or kill them, then #$%$ about costs of taking care of them. Alan Simpson, former Republican senator - wants to means test our vets, while he collects his pension and has access to the best medical program offered.

I would like my Representatives to explain why we are not using that oil to compensate the American public for as they say freeing those countries. We get burned on all ends, first we pay way more in gas, why, we just conquered a country thats loaded with it, next future generations are made to suffer this payment, why, should we be compensated? Next, we have to pay for veterans who have issues, which we should take care of, but shouldnt we put aside that oil money for that. Why in the first place were we there then. It just goes to show someone is getting pay profits, but its not the American people, we just pay for it.

two wars which accomplish nothing..they haven't changed..vietnam the same..do these politicians  remember  ..we pay for their blunders..and they get paid for life for their blunders too

but... Exxon made record profits year over year throughout this war.. and a lot of politicians fed heartily at the corruption trough for nearly a decade, then retired from the Bush administration to ultra-cushy exec jobs in the energy sector.. so not everybody came out a loser, because that's the American way, right?War is one the main US exports. It's a way for the military industrial complex to steal taxpayer money and other countries resources while using the military that they don't pay for. It's a great deal for them all around and only US citizens can make that stop. If they ever care enough.

Press Release of Intelligence CommitteeSenate Intelligence Committee Unveils Final Phase II Reports on Prewar Iraq Intelligence-- Two Bipartisan Reports Detail Administration Misstatements on Prewar Iraq Intelligence, and Inappropriate Intelligence Activities by Pentagon Policy Office --Thursday, June 5, 2008Washington, DC -- The Chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, John D. (Jay) Rockefeller IV, and a bipartisan majority of the Committee (10-5), today unveiled the final two sections of its Phase II report on prewar intelligence.  The first report details Administration prewar statements that, on numerous occasions, misrepresented the intelligence and the threat from Iraq. The second report details inappropriate, sensitive intelligence activities conducted by the DoD’s Office of the Undersecretary of Defense for Policy, without the knowledge of the Intelligence Community or the State Department.“Before taking the country to war, this Administration owed it to the American people to give them a 100 percent accurate picture of the threat we faced.  Unfortunately, our Committee has concluded that the Administration made significant claims that were not supported by the intelligence,” Rockefeller said.  “In making the case for war, the Administration repeatedly presented intelligence as fact when in reality it was unsubstantiated, contradicted, or even non-existent.  As a result, the American people were led to believe that the threat from Iraq was much greater than actually existed.”“It is my belief that the Bush Administration was fixated on Iraq, and used the 9/11 attacks by al Qa’ida as justification for overthrowing Saddam Hussein. To accomplish this, top Administration officials made repeated statements that falsely linked Iraq and al Qa’ida as a single threat and insinuated that Iraq played a role in 9/11.   Sadly, the Bush Administration led the nation into war under false pretenses.“There is no question we all relied on flawed intelligence.  But, there is a fundamental difference between relying on incorrect intelligence and deliberately painting a picture to the American people that you know is not fully accurate.“These reports represent the final chapter in our oversight of prewar intelligence.  They complete the story of mistakes and failures – both by the Intelligence Community and the Administration – in the lead up to the war.  Fundamentally, these reports are about transparency and holding our government accountable, and making sure these mistakes never happen again,” Rockefeller added.The Committee’s report cites several conclusions in which the Administration’s public statements were NOT supported by the intelligence. They include:Statements and implications by the President and Secretary of State suggesting that Iraq and al-Qa’ida had a partnership, or that Iraq had provided al-Qa’ida with weapons training, were not substantiated by the intelligence.Statements by the President and the Vice President indicating that Saddam Hussein was prepared to give weapons of mass destruction to terrorist groups for attacks against the United States were contradicted by available intelligence information.Statements by President Bush and Vice President Cheney regarding the postwar situation in Iraq, in terms of the political, security, and economic, did not reflect the concerns and uncertainties expressed in the intelligence products.Statements by the President and Vice President prior to the October 2002 National Intelligence Estimate regarding Iraq’s chemical weapons production capability and activities did not reflect the intelligence community’s uncertainties as to whether such production was ongoing.The Secretary of Defense’s statement that the Iraqi government operated underground WMD facilities that were not vulnerable to conventional airstrikes because they were underground and deep

"An Associated Press analysis of federal payment records found that the government is still making monthly payments to relatives of Civil War veterans — 148 years after the conflict ended."That seems a bit irrational, but nothing surprises me anymore.

Thousands of years ago Sun Tzu warned of prolonged military campaigns.  You would think someone would have read this book.  Get in, conquer and get out.

C'mon man. Appreciate our vets but 22 BILLION annually to Nam' vets and some could be passed on to their survivors?? Somewhere fiscal irresponsibility has got to stop!

I'm still paying for some damn war tacked on my phone bill. The billing started when Axlander  Gram Bell was still alive!!

Ok wars cost us money, but the demaraps cost us more money with epic failed programs, giving country's money who hate us and kill us

Military uses assault rifles to fight mad men right?  Maybe we should fight the war of mental illness so that they never own an assault rifle?

I say we start locking these "leaders" in a cage and make them fight to the death since the mess is between them and they just keep trying to involve "us... the people" like little children going to get big brother or big sister because they can not back up their own mouth when they shoot it off too much.

How can the lady in the picture be 86 and her father a civil war veteran?  He would have to have been in at least 70 when he fathered her.If all the bleeding heart politicians would keep out of the chain of command and allow our Marines and Army to go out with loaded weapons and take out every possible enemy combatant in sight, whether or not they can positively identify them as insurgents, before they shoot at them. This is the same problem out troops had in Vietnam, where we weren't allowed to kill the enemy, unless they were already firing on us or not. if they were setting up mortars, and not yet firing, we weren't supposed to fire on them, until they fired at us! This insanity gets more and more U.S. troops killed and wounded than is ever necessary! Politicians, keep your noses out of combat and allow our Army and Marines to do whatever is necessary to get the job done!

deport all illegal aliens now!

How is it that Bush omitted the costs of all his wars from his budgets. But they were magically included in Obama's deficits the day he took office.

It's okay. As long as the war profiteers are making money hand over fist, and they are, everything is oooooookaaaaaaay. That's the only reason a hateful bully of a nation like the United States starts wars in the first place.

War is a major American industry and is funded by the middle class taxpayer.  Our politicians will ensure it ain't goin away cause it keep them rich!!

Ask any ignorant Republican and they'll tell you that the Wars paid for themselves...Of course intelligent Americans know the difference...Bush's wars bankrupted a nation..and they're still praising him.

The United States government should think about these costs before they go and stick thier nose in someone else's business and start a meaningless war. From an Iraqi veteran.

obummer has GIVEN AWAY much more in BAIL-OUTS and ENTITLEMENTS that both wars cost COMBINED ! ! !

Thanks, Bush.

We'll be paying for war as long as we keep getting attacked in our cities, like New York and the World Trade centers!Would U.S. Sen. Patty Murray plese tell us how much we have paid welfare recipients who have never contributed anything worthwhile to the country?

What else could we to do after terrorist fly planes into our buildings and kill 3000 innocent  people.  Curl up in a ball and cry like a B!+@#CH.  We had to kick someone's #$%$  The only mistake was staying there too long.

as if we where paying for it.  The president has no plan to balance the budget.

And NOW here this. wwwyoutubecom/watch?v=xh37rWmUL9Q&amp;feature=share

um morons research the bills that were sign by Bush right before Obama took office ... 2007 and 2008 . not saying Obama didnt do wrong , but research what bills were sign right before Obama took office .

Didn't Joe Biden vote for BOTH wars? Don't want thumbs up or thumbs down, I would like an answer!

: "When we decide to go to war, we have to consciously be also thinking about the cost,"Does that mean we won't be going to war with Iran?

How much do we spend on the "Social Parasites"?

Conservative Republicans Love War!

why should taxpayers fund personal and corporate wars?why don't they spend their own revenues?oh yeah!  then their constant lies would be exposed for all to really see without having to read between the lines!  I almost forgot!  " )The republican party are TYRANTS!

If the American people would stop voting for the republican domestic terrorist war mongers. we would be allot less likely to be paying for personal war debts like bush's

Thank you bush glad we could pay for your oil investment ! #$%$

Getting th VA to pay any benefits is a war in itself. The bureaucats in Washington aren't interested in helping veterans, all they're interested in doing is not spending money so they can show the GAO that they did their part in saving money. My advice to anyone: Don't enlist.

I have a friend named Larry, who fought in the Vietnam War and he goes to the VA every month so we pay for him for a very long time but he's worth the cost i might add. Think about it this way most of our military now are young kids in their 20s if they get a limb blown off then will be praying for him for the rest of his life and that's the taxpayers.

No amount of money is worth having your life wrecked physically, mentally, emotionally, spiritually, financially, and then having it stuck to you by an archaic Veterans Administration filled with employees who have no idea what a Veteran of the Combat Arms goes through. The VA doctors are more concerned with denying much needed help, to, and for the Veteran, than they are concerned with quality, compassionate care, as they claim are doing. I overheard a VA doctor tell a severely disabled patient his nerve pills were being taken away because the VA writes too many narcotic prescriptions. When he protested, she gave him a choice between losing his pain meds, or his nerve meds. Not once did she ask why he took these meds, nor did she do an evaluation. The VA is a dinosaur, with employees more concerned with filling out forms with false information (gaming the system because they have to chart so many patients, or they get into trouble), than actually practicing quality medicine. I say us Vets should be given a choice to use the VA, or use the same insurance Congress, The President, The Cabinet, and the Supreme Court has; furthermore, if us Veterans are to remain in the VA system, without a choice, then the President, his Cabinet, Congress, and the Supreme Court should have to wait in line to use the VA too. How can you tell when the  doctors, nurses, and administrators at the Department of Veterans Affairs are lying?  Their lips are moving.

Isn't it funny how our government decides if we go to war, but we citizens pay the bill????  Of course they decide to go to war for their companies profit that they are involved in on the side.  Then act like it was our (us citizens) who decided it should happen and then tell us how much it will cost us.  Our government is completely out of control and full of lies toward the public in everything they say and do.  You could find more honesty in National Inquirer or Star Magazine then from our elected officials...and I mean Democrats and Republicans.

All the Republicans want to jump right into war with Iran next.

NOT as long as it will be paying for the debt NO-bama himself has added to the nation since becoming president.

These wars are paid for by people who work, so this story has nothing to do with me.Thanks Bush and Cheney!  I'm sure you and your cronies made a lot of money off the backs of middle class Americans.  You and your administration was the worst ever!!!

This story is alittle misleading.  The civil war daughter received a check till she was 18, not for her whole life. Lies and misdirection to get across what they want you to believe. I know wars are costly but at least tell the truth.

Obamacare:  Multiple times the cost of both wars.  Let's pull out of that too.

heck we will pay for the wars forever. If a counrty is now in our intrest, or national security we wont mess with it. so far a total of 20 years for both afghanistan and iraq, hasnt done anything for terroism. It only has been ab experimental training ground for our weapons. armour, aircraft, combat vehciles and body armour and tactics. not to mention new wyas for medical trauma wounds and evacuations. new ways to treat the wounded and new ways to save a life. If you go back 10-12 years ago you can see the big jump on weapons cammo, and all above mentioned ar items. I spent 30 years with the Army and i retired 2004 and Im jealouse of all the new stuff they got now!! One thing for sure we wasteo much money in taking out 5-10 taliban or al qeada members. The nxt war will be a bigger war with millions of people invvovled. not just a few idiot muslims. I still like my way of entering a building throw in a grenad or 2  to get rid of any one inside, and booby traps. Any civilians inside well too bad!!

I want to know who gets the benifits from the civial war? They are all dead.

Sounds like the public manipulated the system, the same way people do the food stamps,and welfare programs.

it depends on just how many wars droneobamo keeps us involved in instead of bringing the troops home as he PROMISED to do years ago

Well I'm glad we want an affluence test for veterans receiving financial aid (that will undoubtedly not show the full financial picture of the veteran-- much like our other public programs) but we're not at all concerned about illegal immigrants leeching off our systems.  Thanks, Democrats.  Good to know you have the vets' best interests at heart.

The cost of these wars is still not as great as the debt created by Obama.

I find it amusing on how everyone complains about Obama. Yet, he got elected and reelected???Still paying for the Civil War???   Tax the South!!!!

Yep. Let's put a dollar sign on the cost of freedom and present it to those that care more about their wallet than they do their way of life.  The irony is thick as those very same wallet conscious people have quickly forgotten what "privileges", "rights" and "freedoms" were required to fill that wallet and afford their way of life.Make no mistake.  Go ahead, check the history of Islam for the past 100 years.  It doesn't stop, it doesn't wait; it's incessant and has but one goal.Qur'an:8:39"So fight them until there is no more Fitnah (disbelief [non-Muslims]) and all submit to the religion of Allah alone (in the whole world)."Qur'an:9:5"Fight and kill the disbelievers wherever you find them, take them captive, harass them, lie in wait and ambush them using every stratagem of war."Qur'an:47:4"When you clash with the unbelieving Infidels in battle (fighting Jihad in Allah's Cause), smite their necks until you overpower them, killing and wounding many of them. At length, when you have thoroughly subdued them, bind them firmly, making (them) captives. Thereafter either generosity or ransom (them based upon what benefits Islam) until the war lays down its burdens. Thus are you commanded by Allah to continue carrying out Jihad against the unbelieving infidels until they submit to Islam."Ishaq:398"Ask them for their help. Thereby make the religion of Islam agreeable to them. And when you are resolved in the matter of religion concerning fighting your enemy you will have the advantage."Qur'an:4:94"Believers, when you go abroad to fight wars in Allah's Cause, investigate carefully, and say not to anyone who greets you: 'You are not a believer!' Coveting the chance profits of this life (so that you may despoil him). With Allah are plenteous spoils and booty."

too bad this was of no concern to LBJ, or GW Bush

The ones who pay are the ones who serve.

Politicians spend money not manage it!

Have they found any of those "weapons of mass destruction" in Iraq yet?? Too bad 4000+ brave American soldiers had to die...for a LIE!

As a Vietnam Vet that spent all most a year on the ground in 1967/68 in Vietnam I have not received a penny from the VA for any condition that I have developed since that time.  It took almost a year just to get an agent orange screening, and the guy that did the screening said he couldn't make a determination!  Then the VA sent me a bill for the screening cost!   A few months ago it was reported on the news that  the U.S. has/is sending millions of dollars to aid in the clean up of agent orange residue in DaNang!  Wow!  Then I see what it cost us tax payers for Senators, Congressmen, and Presidents pay and benefits for a life time.  Then I read this article about Vets and families getting compinsation for life long conditions caused by War and people think it is too much!  Then I read how much it cost for the Pretender and Chief Obama to go on vacation, or make his little trips like the one he's on now.  All I can say is #$%$!   Oh, I almost forgot.  I do get a letter from the VA a couple of times a year telling me they are still working on my claims.....that makes me feel so good!  My son just got back from Afghanistan and found out last week that they will not be able to get the tution assistance for college classes that they were promised when he enlisted.   Whats next?

So, I used to think my grandchildren would be paying for it, but now it appears that my great-grandchildren may end up paying to.  Truly sad!  The silver spoon is being ripped right from their mouths so they can pay for our mistakes!

We can't afford Medicare.  We can't afford Social Security.  We can't afford Medicaid.  We can't afford to feed the hungry.  We can't afford quality education.Just once I'd like to hear someone say, "We can't afford any more wars!"

I know this much. TENET, RUMSFELD.CHENEY andBUSH should be tried for war crimes and stay in prison for the rest of their sorry lives.Old men and politicians make the wars young patriots die and fight them. Then some flag hating American hating liberal communist dictator like obamy the commy comes along and wants them treated like terrorists. That is obamas nightmare, brave real Americans.

there is no one alive today from the civil war, why are we still paying people?

War is the worst. There is such a heavy price to pay on EVERY level. But while all of these horrifying variables are playing out, we USED to have a president who WOULDNT sit back and watch our fellow Americans get slaughtered and butchered in Benghazi and ignore ALL urges to rescue those trapped souls. God be with Ambassador Stevens family and relatives,and ALL who died from abandonment on that fateful day. As a matter of fact? God be with ALL of our fallen service people, as well as our living service people too!..........DESPITE OBAMA AND THE SODOMITE LOVING MARXICRATS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

nobody goes to war knowing they wont make any money from it bull

I certainly didn't decide to go to war... it was Bush and those who voted for him... twice! Thousands of our own troops are now dead, and for what?! What has this done for our country? Other than send it into the economic obis. If only all these resources were actually used to HELP our country, we would be so much better off.

Forever.

They shoulda had all the illegals fighting the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.  Not one real American soldier should have died on the battlefield, only illegals.  They wanna be in this country illegally?  We'll show you by sending you to the front lines!!!!!

Why are we in Afghanistan again????

What a waste of blood and treasure.  If there is anyone still out there who thinks the Iraq war had anything to do with 9-11 or WMD tell us why.  And Afghanistan?  Supposed to go in, knock out the terrorist camps and get Bin Laden.  When asked about Bin Laden Bush shrugged his shoulders and said he does not even think about him.  But you right wingers hooked on the Fox and Limbaugh lies still support the party that really got us in debt, killed tens of thousands of innocent civilians and most importantly over 4,000 of our troops, leaving thousands more maimed physically and mentally.  For nothing my friends.  A rare non religious run middle east country with a really nasty leader is dvastated and occupied for no good reason.  Amazing, knock Obama all you want, the war criminals got away while you carp over people getting health care.

We still paying for WW1 and WW2??? DAMN!!!..... THE FEES ARE COMING, THE FEES ARE COMING. Oh too late. There here!!!!!Its not the vets themselves that are the drain.  It is the unmoderated continuance of benefits to the survivors that is the issue.  Those who have prospered beyond need of these benefits have a duty to the vet to stop recieving them if they truely honor the sacrifice made and are not just another class of "takers".

Pay our vets and not the illegals!!!!!!!

If you haven't lived outside America to see what life is like for most of the world, there is a reality outside America that you do not know. I urge you to withhold your comments about war, veterans, or mistakes of our government.

It's funny that a country that claims to be founded on the ideas of FREEDOM was BUILT on the SLAVE TRADE and now Americans themselves have become slaves to the MONEYCHANGERS.

Insignificant paltry chump changed compared to the tax evasion theft of US revenues through OFFhores, Cayman Islands, BigOil welfare checks.Get real,chewing on these rags is like saying Building #7 fell precisely perfectly on its own footprint by Republican magic, Republican yes,but not magic.Just ask #$%$ or Halliburton, these little skirmishes are corporate money makers.(lost and destroyed lives not a part of the corporate calculus bottom underbelly line)

Since when does the U.S. worry about debt?  There is no worry about paying for this.  Just call "The Bank of China."

I agree that we have to take care of own, especially those that we put in harms way. The point missed here is the fact that we will always be paying for wars. We can't skip a generation with out sending them off to fight some cause.

And all the anti-deficit, anti spending, conservo tough guys always spewing on jere about "we need to tech them a lesson". Hahahahahahahah! War is the single biggest cause of the deficit!!!!!

Thanks a lot, Neocons.....

The writing is on the wall.  What part of "we can't afford it" don't people understand?As my Legend Dr. Ron Paul said, " Intervention is not only leading us to more problems but it also leading us to more debt"!!

Hey George Bush Sr, Do they always allow the former Presidents and former the head of the CIA to do business with family members of known terrorists? You your business partners the Bin Laden family? I think its odd you were head of the CIa for so long yet you're doing business with that family? Seems strange to say the least!

There should be no complaints from anyone who has never put on the uniform and fought or stood ready to fight for our nation. Veterans have earned their freedom, and bought yours.

How about the million dead in Iraq?

let bush pay the bills. after all he made a killing of the war.

The banksters and the wallstreet hustlers had to cause a diversion to get away with 2 trillion

These are the things that should be cut when talking about spending cuts, along with cuts to politicians huge salary that seems to be increasing every year!

First, the government should first sue Cheney and Haliburton and KBR (whom Cheney worked for) in civil court for lying about WMD and starting this war so they could both profit.  And then sue all of Cheney's buddies who lied and supported him, and all the defense contractors who were lobbying for it to make more money.  The whole t,hing is disgusting, and we pay in taxes and the soldiers pay in PTSD, death, and lost limbs

Iraq war was all paid for by oil revenues from the oil in Iraq .  #$%$ Cheney said so butthere is one small problem #$%$ Cheney is a Sociopathic Liar

Concerning the civil war payments, let's get it straigt&gt;  When the Civil War pensions came out, you had 14 year old girls marrying 80 year old men in order to collect.  Now we are paying for the "children" survivors of that liason? This has nothing to do with the Civil War and everything to do with a broken system of liberal give away programs.  I think there should have been some paternity tests conducted.I dont get why the govt has been paying 148 years after the war has ended. I know understand their family was involved in something tragic but what does it prove when they get payments every month but the govt cant and wont help pay fpr their soldiers education

How about no more wars for America unless attacked otherwise start minding our own affairs and then over time no one will want to attack us!!!

$2 trillion dollars for the war in Iraq

Vietnam, Iraq and Afghanistan, all wars with Countries that never attacked us, and we ended up losing anyways.

they estimate this conflict will be the most expensive....Most important point:  Men and women in unfiorm are the most important people in this country, bar none.......$2.2 tillion for the cost of the war in iraq an afgan, but the cost of helping our men and women over the next centuries will exceed trillion of dollars......presently 22 veteran committ suicide every day......during the second WW about 20% of miltiary personnel wounded survived.......Vietnam was about 40%....this war because of the great advancement in medicine, the survival rate will exceed 80%....which means their will be alot of men and women with major injuries that will need medical attention forever.....if anyone who deserves this attention in this country, its these men and women.......congress wants to cut and cut monies for everything, except the rich bribe givers.....tell congress to get on thier knees and kiss the feet of these real americans....its about them......everyone in this country owe these great men and women......about 1% of americans ever serve their country......we owe them everything.....lets take the pensions/healthcare away from the president/senate/congress and give those dollars to the real americans....the men and women in uniform

Not a drop in the bucket compared to what we middle class taxpayers have to shell out to the FSA (Free Sh%&amp; Army).Remember, the Federal Govt. is mandated by the consitution to pay for national security, not hand out free phones to Obama voters.

I am waiting for the tipping point where congress decides to belt tighten at the expence of military retirements and to were the American people let it happen.

My guess is that the people who are dead from the 9/11 attack will still be dead when the last dollar is paid back for the war.  So how ever long it takes to pay it back wont be to long enough to chase the stupid one back to hell...

Arrest the war criminals!Arrest the Bush crime family!Why do you think people introduce the guillotine?Don't let the current US leaders get away with abuse of power!

Bush Cheney..the gift that keeps on giving. The Herpes of the political world.yes you would think the US would learn from the past wars...

Thanks.....

before any president decides to take us to war he should be required to have all the funding needed in the bank.  all funding.

Shame on bush and corrupt cheney for lying to the USA Tax Payers and the Poor USA Military personnels that died for only for corrupt cheney GREED and Corruption from cheney's haliburton and cheney corrupt blackwater Thugs

Why on EARTH are we still paying for CIVIL WAR debt?  Sorry, those great great great grandchildren need to learn to stand on their own two feet.  That's insane!!  I agree that vets and their families need taking care of, but 150 years later????  Come on...  Being injured in a war doesn't guarantee your family an annuity FOREVER!

No one in this earth can tell how long US would pay off for Irag war and Af but Bush refinenary oil Chenney communication company can pay it off in a minute as likes as he said " If I can start IRAG war again,I would do it in a minute".

we still in the last throes mr. cheney?

If you think wars are expensive, look at the costs of Obamacare and the other entitlements.

Thank you George W. Bush - what a moron!   Now all Americans have to pay for his stupidity.

there was no reason for the USA  to waste time and money after they got sadam,Bogus numbers from the wimpy dems! Take all aid from lazy minorities and give it to military vets then.

Don't worry we will just blame Obama for the costs, after all wars are free to conservatives!  One of my favorite Bush narratives was from Wolfowitz and others stating in essence: "The war in Iraq will pay for itself with oil revenues."  Yeah revenues for fat conservatives companies they give no bid contracts, not my tax dollars.Every time I see a conservative blame the economy on Obama I remember how many times conservatives approved more tax cuts, more war expenditures and then hearing Cheney say how 'deficits don't matter'.   Guess they don't matter until a Democrat is in charge.

Those WMD George W. Bush was looking for, they were in North Korea! Surprise, Surprise, Surprise!

And with the changing Military- it &amp; the VA cost will sky rocket even more.  China, Korea, etc Military Men have a rice bowl mentality &amp; their tech level is expected to slowly go up over the next 20-50 years! Even our N.G. &amp; Reserves costs have gone through the roof and climbing fast!  WHAT CAN WE DO TO BRING THE COST DOWN? What's wrong(here as well as deployed areas) with quonset huts, central area communal showers &amp; latrines, mess duty, work/ paint details etc? It worked great for years! Maybe the V.A. can be used only for dirrect combat related cost &amp; Obamacare(give our Pres a chance!) cover the rest? IT IS CALLED SERVICE!

It won't cost near as much as democrats spending.

WE had 3 options WORK ( i did this ) SCHOOL ( higher education ) or JAIL ( ship u to the MECKON DELTA so i was told ) during the NAHM WAR !

We/Everyone will pay as long as stupidity prevails.  You never hear of Christian peace makers, instead if Christian WARRIORS.  So right there at home one mark against peace...I could go on but you rarely listen anyway.

People seem to forget why we went to war in the first place and we were told it would be long hard road in those days shortly after 911. Sure, there were some mistakes, missed intel, wrong intel. I think Iraq was just a good centralized strategical spot to set up shop and work out on the Quada's and Talibad's. I'd rather pay a Veteran for life than pay for an illegal for life who gave nothing.

But, but, but at least Cheney got to charge $9 per nail during the reconstruction of Iraq.  What value!

America needs out of the war business!BrettM, really.....when are you "folks" going to get over this Bush thing.? Damm, Obama talks like a real "heavy" brother, but he comes up real short, when is he going to stop looking under beds for these "bad guy" Republicans, and start doing some leadership duties.....In other words Mr. Obama, you have held the "title" of President of the United States now for (5) yrs, and damm, where is all of this "Hope and Change"?. I know......, your waiting to find all of those evil bad things, that your looking for that President Bush, planted in and around the country and the world.....just to #$%$ up. BrettM, it's time that ALL of you Obama fans come to grips with a few things, just a few of these will follow; your man is a non starter, and he is really unable to to perform the job, that he lied to aquire, and the REAL reason, your HOLDING him up is because, he's a "brother"....face if. the country knows it to be true!

We could sell California ( including its people) to China and pay for war debt.

Way to show your fiscal conservatism you slimy GOP Neo-CON pukes.

How long will america pay for obama spending?

How long will America keep paying for it's wars? I don't know ap. Now tell me how long America will be paying for the population of baby pumping welfare queens, ghetto rats and illegals?

Social cost of supporting illegal aliens to linger for a 1000 years.

Send the bills to GWBush after all hes the one that started the Wars

Bush used the Congressional Supplemental Fund and the Emergency Supplemental Fund to fund the majority of the cost for the wars and that is why the costs were never included in the actual budget and therefore were not subjected to CBO oversight! In other words, he borrowed the funds to pay for the wars and of course, the funds still have to be paid back. They estimate that by 2017, the taxpayers will have payed over 3 trillion for the wars even if we pull out all of our forces by 2013.

Government workers (politicians) hunting down old, crippled and wounded soldiers to remove their benefits. As if those benefits are any kind of replacement for the missing limbs, shattered souls and the individual cost internally to a man/woman of war. However, USA wars are more often about making money, where the bodies of soldiers are a fuel to be burned in the furnace of battle, and money runs out and back into the super-rich's pockets. At least these politicians demonstrate CLEARLY the system of abuse that is normally disguised under a pretend banner of patriotic red, white and blue.

one of the stupid costs is the money funneled in nto those countries we were at war with, after it is over. They are still giving money to Vietnam, because of the #$%$ they say we caused.I say NO! Let them  fend for themselvesAnd why is the government still paying for this? Why are our taxes paying the great-great grandchildren of these men? I absolutely agree that we continue to support injured vets and their spouses, and maybe even kids, but not the remaining generations for decades to come - seriously, this is almost as bad as welfare. I don't expect a payment from the govt. because any of my family died or was injured in a particular war I am too young to have ever been a part of.

1% of US population has more than 80% of the entire wealth .  Go talk to them about the debt and other ailments of America please.  I'm still just trying to get by, thank you.

It was all worth it in the end. From 1919 to 1991, the value of Halliburton went from $0 to $100 million. But after two Gulf Wars started by Bush Jr and SR and a stint with Cheney as CEO, it now has annual revenues of $30 billion! Yay! Just think, if it weren't for these wars, Halliburton would hardly be worth anything and Cheney and the Bush family would be poor. That would be totally unacceptable.

some say this is the price of freedom..but..no one was threatening our freedom..we were never threatened by Iraq or afghanistan..our friend in saudi arabia is the source of 911 terrorists

So.... where are those WMDs?

How long will we by paying for the ever increasing debt that Obama has pushed into overdrive?

Nice diversionary tactic Yahoo. The cost of these wars is nowhere close to the first stimulus package. Obama has given us nothing but more of the same Washington DC BS and tripled the national debt., and no amount of blaming the previous president and his administration can obscure that glaring truth.

"The Iraq War will pay for itself." - Paul WolfowitzThanks, Republican War Mongers!

That's not true, Operation Iraqi Liberation paid for itself.  #$%$ Cheney told me so.

IRAQ &amp; AFGHANISTAN (Bush wars) were off the books, their trillion$$$$ aren't even shown!they do know the long term!!! but republicans always find it a short economy fix, becuze of the influx of jobs, goods, and services!!! check all wars=== their under republicans!!

I would gladly give back all the disability pay i have received. If they would give me back what they took from my life. Sounds like they want to blame the veterans for their failures!

What about when you invade the wrong country, from false intelligence? Do we get a discount on that?

The credit goes to Bush, Cheney and Rumsfeld.

cilvil war gop,,, korea war we did not win gop,,, viet nam we lost gop,,, gulf wars gop,,,afgan gop war,,,,

as long as America has #$%$ like present one in the White House.

Half of the country is living on the gov dole. THAT is the real waste.

relatives of Civil War veterans ,what?????how much???  #$%$

Here's a thought.  Stop war-mongering and forcing our policies and world wide agenda on everyone.  Instead focus on internal issues like our failing infrastructure!

How much are we spending "rebuilding" Iraq? It's not just Veterans..and the GOP party of ding-dongs still want to start more wars geeeeeeeeeeeee  McCain   wake up  and get a grip .

if we did not give away so much cash to other countries we would not pay neer as much for these wars. and rebuilding nations is unnecessary, If the war was just there is no reason to feel sorry for them. If not there is no reason to go to war.

Voted and financed by dungocrats .

...Notice how we win wars when we're on the Liberal side, like the Revolution, Civil War &amp; WWII, but lose them when we're on the Conservative? Like Vietnam?...

Independent counsel--hand-picked by the Republicans--found that Cheney and Libby had outed an _active CIA agent_ (and by extension all her Middle East contacts) merely for suggesting that Hussein/Iraq had no WMDs. As this would have undercut the push to invade Iraq (and cut into Halliburton profits as well), she apparently had to be stopped. Cheney, Libby and Rove--traitors who should be tried, convicted and put away for good.

In 2008 George W. Bush's press secretary Scott McClellan published a book in which he confessed to regularly and routinely passing on lies to the media, following the instructions of his superiors (chiefly Cheney and Rove), lies that the media reported as facts. He characterizes the press as, by and large, honest, and intent on telling the truth, but reports that "the national press corps was probably too deferential to the White House," especially on the subject of the war in Iraq.

Guess the 49% that do not pay taxes better get jobs.

OH NO, not according to Sean Hannity.  The next generations will be paying for Obama's debt, not Bush, don't get Bush involved, he had nothing to do with stealing money from our kids and grandkids.

~People like to waste time focusing on the problem instead of looking for a solution.... Yeah, there is not one of us that doesn't no how damaging these wars (were/are) to our country.... Move on.... Let's delve into the solution now and not live in a world of redundant obvious understandings....~

Another wasted survey . As Geo said "we have a bunch of morons running this country" !During the Cold War years in the 50's or early 60's one of the communist leaders said " we will destroy your country from within without firing a single shot " !  The exact wording or who did say that I can not remember but that is exactly what is happening to the USA .Named beneficiaries only and include unborn children of service men.  The end.

Lets look at the whole picture:Michael Edelstein, "War and the American Economy in the Twentieth Century," in The Cambridge Economic History of the United States: The Twentieth Century, ed. Stanley Engerman and Robert Gallman (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2000), 347Thomas McGraw, "The New Deal and the Mixed Economy," in Fifty Years Later: The New Deal Evaluated, ed. Harvard Sitkoff (New York: Knopf, 1985), 44;US Bureau of Labor Statistics, "Employment Status of the Civilian Non-institutional Population, 1940 to date,"Kennedy, Freedom from Fear, 641, 644.During World War II the federal government spent $130 billion (in 1940s money)- nearly triple the amount that had been spent on New Deal programs.  And since much of the government spending for World War II went to unionized companies like GM and GE and U.S. Steel much of the money ended up the paychecks of the working class.  Between 1940 and 1945 the real income of industrial workers increased by 27% even though the prices for agricultural goods (mainly food and clothing) increased by 50%, which meant the incomes for farmers went up as well.James Patterson, Grand Expectations: The United States, 1945-1974 (New York: Oxford University Press, 1996), particularly chaps. 3 and 11; Patterson, America's Struggle against Poverty, 77.The economic boom created by World War II continued into the 1950s and this created an additional 2,000,000, mostly unionized jobs and both company profits and wages went up.  Between 1950 and 1960 the median family income in the U.S. increased 30% and the poverty rate declined number of Americans living in poverty declined from nearly 1/3 at the end of the War to 21% by 1960.You cannot calculate the cost of war without factoring in the economic benefit of war.

Of course all that money is coming from us the taxpayer! People not even born yet will be paying for these wars and more to come....... There is NO way our Gov't will be able to generate the revenue unless by raising taxes. I've no doubt that the US tax rate for most Americans come 2050 will be at 60 to 70 or more percent.

my previous bosses told me we cant give you a raise we didn't make any money from this job their checks show 140000k 190000k  which   is a lie

Since our government got us into these wars, I have no problem compensating veterans and their immediate familiy  members.Beyond that, nada!

How long will America paying for it's worthless non-working welfare recipients?

sto[ all this, we don't need to spend another dime on any war except to protect our country.

Lets not start any more wars until we get the last few paid off.

Hence the term "military welfare benefits"! Our gov. needs to stop the abusers and concentrate on taking care of the vets who suffer real medical issues.

Well this new war on "Terrorism" has no end in sight."Any society that would give up a little liberty to gain a little security will deserve neither and lose both"Ben FranklinIt is hard to imagin...but Obama has spent more and added more to the debt of this nation than the last 43 Presidents COMBINED and that includes WWI, WWII, Vietnam, Iraq and other wars.  He accompished this feat in just the first two years he was in office.

They weren't even wars. They were resisted occupations. And heaven and earth shall pass away before they are paid.

War sucks!!!

DERP USA!

How can we balance the budget with these entitlements? Tell them to get there own insurance and quit sucking the US dry. Gee, I sound like the teapublicans!

Ever notice? That we are attacked, Than we pay to rebuild there country's. With no respect for the ones that had to fight it! I thank all that stood for US. And have no respect for the ones robbing us- claiming  the right to leadership without leading. Fools that think we are not done with them.

If we had the trillions squandered on wars for the benefit of arms manufacturers, our schools would be first rate, health care universal and affordable, great roads &amp; bridges in perfect repair, pristine national parks, excellent libraries, free university for all who qualify. And, we'd have hundreds of billions left over so the debt would be a non-issue. The public really is stupid to allow this nonstop warmongering that only benefits a few.

The world's police... America the JOKE is more like it anymore!!!

...Well make that war monger criminal G.W. stand trial.!

Is anyone really dumb enough to believe the whole evil terrorists and 9/11 claims?Is anyone really dumb enough to believe the whole evil terrorists and 9/11 claims?

George Bush Sr....Do they always allow former Presidents and the former head of the CIA to do business with family members of known terrorists? You know Bush's business partners, the Bin Laden family? I find it very strange that Bush Sr, was head of the CIa for that long, and yet he was doing business with the Bin Laden family. Being head of the CIA it common sense that you would have the most intel reguarding terrorists than probably anyone else on earth. And he just so happens to do business with that family? Business partners in the Carlyle Group which is a defense contracting company? The same Carlyle Group that Bush Sr was the senior advisor for? The same company that owns Haliburton? The same Haliburton that Cheney was CEO of? The same Haliburton that bailed out Bush's family oil company Arbust Energy? Wasnt someone by the name of Salem bin Laden an investor in Arbusto Energy? YES!Wasnt someone named Safeg Bin Laden the guest of honor for the Carlyle Group at their convention on 9/11/2001? YES!

The war machine will never end. Not without true Divine Intervention. Mankind, proven by thousands of years of history, loves and craves war. The current U.S. setup with defense contractors making billions and the politicians getting their cut, will never stop.

Funny, I can't recall ever voting to go to war. It appears the most expensive national mistakes are made by people who are drawing a goverment paycheck and who's kids will never participate in any military operations.

Germany is still paying themselves back from WWII.

3 Trillion and counting spent on Iraq. Thank Bush.

Many Vietnam Veterans are still being denied compensation and health care for having been exposed to agent orange. The VA is sitting on The Institute of Medicine Report (May 2011) Minor REV. 3 Jan. 2012 (yes, that's Minor Rev. 3 Jan. 2012).  "THE"  IOM Report accepts The Danang Harbor Report. The Reports reveal that The Blue Water Navy (and others) were in the worst of situations. conditions, and atmosphere exposed to agent orange including on-sight distillation of water for DRINKING. The distillation systems aboard ships did not remove agent orange residue. The distillation systems concentrated  THE COCKTAIL to ten-fold of those that had "BOOTS ON GROUND". Yet, The VA requires  "BOOT ON GROUND". Such fronts that to deny  " I "  compensation is to deny MY OFFSPRING  compensation and health care.However, that's just the tip of the iceberg. Yes, Vietnam Era Ships, including commercial ships ,that visited or replenished at Panama, The Panama Canal, Guam (Andersen AFB), Taiwan, The Phillipines (Clarks AFB) (Subic Naval Base) (Olongapol), The DMZ, The Tonkin Gulf,  Danang Harbor, or along the coast of Vietnam, many people probably have suffered over the past 40 some years of having been exposed to agent orange not knowing the cause of their sufferings.I have THE VIETNAM SERVICE MEDAL with 3 Bronze Stars; The VIETNAM CAMPAIGN MEDAL (at least 6 months South Vietnam); and. THE COMBAT ACTION RIBBON.  Yet, The VA dictates that I was not exposed to agent orange.The VA  did not deny my illnesses, the VA denied my claim for exposure because: SERVICE RECORDS do not contain complaints,  treatment, or diagnosis. THE DECISION is a false truth: IT can take 20 to 40 years for symptoms and/or illnesses to surface...AFTER...exposed to agent orange. And, THE VA knows it. A report from one hospital made the presumption that my past and present illnesses of 2001

How much did the Bin Laden family profit from the Iraq War? Can we get an estimate on that number please?

What about the 100+ Congressmen that profitted from the Iraq War due to their investments in defense contracting companies?

Those who fully supported the war far beyond 2003 cannot complain about the debt. We had to pay for it sometime.Clearly, the President and others who led us into Afghanistan and Iraq weren't thinking about the consequences - the cost of lives and psychological and physical injuries, nor were they thinking about how to win and get us out.  Their thinking didn't go beyond a good old boy Texas kick #$%$ attitude.

The bailouts will affect us for a long time as well, so will paying for everything for illegals when we should be sending them back, I could go on!

Have money for stupid wars, but no money for own people. This is not acceptable!

It's a hard sad truth , but they did die in vein. Thank you George      AKA    Traitor The history is there.

No war is ever a good war no matter what side or side of the line you are on. The money wasted on these wars go to the people that start these wars in the 1st place.  Just imagine the many other good that can be had towards society.

I'll bet the BANKSTERS aren't losing any sleep over this...

The Bush administration didn't care about how much it cost the American people as long as he and his buddies at Haliburton, BP, Exxon, etc. made their billions.

Money we could have saved by getting rid of Bush, Cheney, and Rummsfeld. Don't be so ignorant to think for a second that they didn't contribute to this recession. Nah, go ahead and blame the housing market alone. By the way, leave your stupid no brainer comments about how terrible Obama is, below this post. I'll be disappointed if you don't.

Thumbs down all you want but truth is truth. Our nation is following the path of destruction that earlier superpowers and great nations followed like ongoing wars and occupations and so on.Few things threatening our existence as a nation in my opinion.We have become fascistWe are extremely dividedWe now have more suckers than contributorsOur education system is becoming worthless by the day atleast for upto high schoolWe have become too naïve that we are looking at our destruction and telling ourselves it does not exist.We are becoming too hateful towards each otherand so on

I'm not dissing our Veterans, quite the opposite. They went where they were called. I'm just saying that there was no reason for the war in Iraq that possibly justifies the cost both financially or in lives.my generation was sold by ignorant tv watchers... thanks.

This is what happens when chickenhawks get to call the shots.

This is fascinating. A Civil War veteran's children are still getting benefits from their service.

pshh.  We're Americans, we don't pay for stuff!Charge it!

I will never forgive that #$%$ GW Bush for getting us into Iraq. He should rot in hades.

No one from the civil war era is around so why are we paying money to their relatives? Cant they get a job?

How Long??? Less than we'll be pyaing fo obama... thats fer sure!

when the old men do the fighting and the young men are the cause...

If we are still paying for the civil war imagine the impacty of Obamacare?!

And what was the cost of the tanks and F-16s just given to the Muslim Brotherhood.America is bankrupt and has been for a hundred years. We owe our collective souls to the International Jew Banksters. They own us, our chldrens future taxes and earnings, our national parks, infrastructure and every government building. Get used to it folks.

Send the bill to" George W. Bush GENERAL DELIVERY, Crawford Texas. The next four presidents will be focused on recovering from this doofus regardless of what little letter they have by their name.

"Simpson said he has a lot of concerns about the government agreeing to automatically compensate for those diseases." Screw Simpson and all the other that actively covered up for the problems associated with agent orange. They all should be sent to jail for dragging their feet hiding reports that contradicted their stand and out right cover up. They should go to jail for the 40 years and countless thousands of veterans that put life’s on the line but were denied help until it was to late. Simpson go to hell. Simpson and the rest of you whining about the cost . If you don’t want to pay the real cost of going to war then don’t send our troops into harms way on a lie.

1) Get control of war profiteers profits.  Dissolve there shares in mainstream media.2) Stop charging tax payers 2 billion for an F-22 when it only cost 2 million to build.3) Only go to war when a declaration of war has been made by the Constitution.

Wars: Founded by the rich. Funded by the poor.

Thanks George

Whatever it has cost for the wars, its nothing compared to the money taxpayers have already paid for the hundreds of "great society" type programs that have failed to lift people out of ignorance and poverty and Obamacare that will drive the country into debt from which it will never recover.

Thanks George B.

I know how to pay for it. Lets lower taxes on the rich.

Liberals always love to yak about the cost of wars yet say nothing about the cost of the war on poverty.  Poverty levels have stayed the same for 50 years yet in those fifty years tens of trillions have been spent on poverty programs.  The real cost is poverty programs that change nothing yet always have grand plans of reducing poverty yet it never happens and after 50 years there is nothing to show for it.  You will never see an article about that on yahoo.I wonder if the Blacks and the Jews think we shouldn't have fought the Civil War and WWII in order to save money?

Everybody has learned you're a chump if you don't retire on disability. I read somewere 95% of firefighters, somewhere like CA, 'retire' with the abundantly more munificent bennies of disability.  We even have lawyers whose soul practice is to get ANYone disability - and if the lawyers are in on it, you KNOW it's BIG MONEY.

That's how it works. We're in debt up to our ears because of fighting TERRORISM. Does anyone remember the twin towers coming down? How much of our tax money is being given to Dope Dealers and Gang Bangers drawing Welfare and Foodstamps who doesn't even know what 9-11 was?

How about the war on poverty?

I hate when people call them the 47%...Pathetic idiot don't know what they're saying when they complain about the 47%. All veterans are in that 47%

send the bill to Bush/Cheney/Haliburton....!!!

My family fought against England , Vivaldi war. Both world wars and Vietnam . I haven't recieved a nickel for any of it. But I dam sure payed my share of it.bad government management and crooked politicians have robbed the Americans !

Obama did not put people on Welfare you fool the recession did and it was not Obama's fault. The price of Welfare is not 1.37 trillion! Most Welfare is caused by large corporations like Wal Mart not paying their employees enough to get them off food stamps and assited living so making the minimum wage be at least equal to what it would take for a person who works 40 hours a week be above the poverty level! Pass a law making everyone trading with the USA comply with the laws USA companies have to comply with like minimum wage, EPA regulations, OHSA regulations or pay a tariff or fine equal to what it costs companies doing business here to comply with those laws!There are so many hidden costs to war but one that is in plain site and the a major cause of the deficits is the inflated military budget that has not returned to per war levels so it is adding at least 300 Billion a year to the deficit currently. Another is the higher violence levels of those returning from battle and the treatments for those battle scare you can not see.

WWII and Other Wars:German couldn't produce enough food to feed it's population and had to import food. They paid for it by their exports. The Zionists wanted their own chancellor to lead Germany, and when they refused, the Zionists called on their community around the world to stop buying or patronizing anyone who sold German goods, thus practically starving them. This is between WW1 when the Zionists betrayed Germany by making the deal with Britain to get Palestine if they got America to get into WW1. The Zionists were originally the ones who brought the Germans into WW1 because of their exodus from communism in Russia. WW2 was about Germany realizing that Europe was either going to be communist or Christian, and Germany sought to conquer Europe to ensure that it was a Christian region and not communist. There was a very large difference between communism and Naziism. Germany provided sanctuary to the Zionists refugees from Russia, and got rewarded with betrayal and Germany still welcomed them in their country. Then the Zionists tried to starve the Germans to control the country which they made up 1% of the population. Even then not a Zionist was harmed. A lot of Good Jewish People died because of what Hitler did and he truly turned into an Evil Man. Much as many of you will when they get exposed here for who they truly are. The Zionist ones... Same ones that brought you the Civil War, WWI, WW2, the Arab spring, Iraq, and the Central Bank. Coming soon to a neighborhood near you. Civil War 2. This time over the Constitution, not Slavery.

Why don't we make these people or country's pay us back for our help.why should we have to spend our money for other country's bills.war is war,war comes at a cost.we spent money &amp; lives for there freedom &amp; threats.for these people have a better life then what they had.there goverment owes america &amp; other country's who helped them &amp; gave there lives,because of stupid leaders not listening to what there told.So what's the answer?  Do we just become isolationists? Do we just ignore power hungry egomaniacs? Trouble brewing now with Iran and that dwarf in North Korea. Do we just let him start firing nukes at us as he is threatening? Don't like wars, don't know the answers,  and neither does anyone else!

Our vets deserve better.

People who think war is the answer to every problem they face and agree with their government as a solution that wars will take care of the problem need a reality check.Wars aren't the solution,they are the problem and if you agree you will pay for a eternity until the Lord returns and solves our problems for us.

We are the most violent nation on the face of the earth. But we cannot take care of our own people.

The sad thing is these wars are just a fraction of the dollar amount Obamacare is going to cost. AND Obamcare is a recurring fee!

The sad part is that all these foolish military members JOINED on their own.

Disabled veterans should not have to pay taxes;they should be treated as heroes who gave and watched many good people die for this country. The hell with you go fight your own wars and put the senators sons on the front. I have seen war and those who have will never forget it. Those who haven't will keep making it happen; God Bless our veterans and their families.

They only pay intrest on the debt no principle which is most stupid thing you can do not 1 red cent to principle. The Spanish American war that cost us 5 million dollars they say was to be paid for by taxing phones they still collect that tax and been almost 100 years now and 5 million dollars they collect lot more than that a month. Just think of all the money they are borrowing for student loans and grants and when the money comes in in payments they still are just paying intrest on the debt. Also banks rush everyday to get their deposits into the federal reserve by 4 pm because they start drawing intrest that day on it and the intrest they draw is more than the Federal Reserve is now charging to borrow from them. So tell me how did we elect such stupid people.

Well GOPers? are these the "entitlement" programs and "moochers" we need to get rid of? Is this one Obama's fault too?

Snivel! Snivel! Two more big wars pending, which country will you fight for?we still paying for the 1st gop gulf war,,,,,

too bad!!  these guys went to war they deserve anything they need !!!!

Even longer considering all the loss of American lives. Based on a lie. Where were the WMD's? Still waiting.

the gop an jews have made 2 trillion dollars since bush 2 wars,,, gop wars = oil an $$$$

War totally worth the cost! (sarcasm)

Why you American G.I. like wars ? Us North Korean no like wars.

Great!! So now lets get involved in Syria!! Let Saudi Arabia, Lebanon, UAE, Kuwait, etc., fight and pay for this war, its in their back yard.

The next century.  But Halliburton and all the other war profiteers got their money from us up front.  They'll be spending that money and enjoying the interest off of their profits for that next century while we pay and pay and pay.  That was the whole purpose of the war from the  get go.  MIC can you say "Thank You #$%$ Cheney!"  The other purpose of the wars was to send the US so far into debt to put the entitlements on the chopping block.  Thank God these survived.  Now we should tax the heck out of the rich to pay for both their profitable wars and the entitlements.

Rednecks love to Fight. America will be fighting wars forever.. Thank you Rednecks. They get support from the Sanctimonious Yanks so it works out well.

As a Nam vet, I was very much against the trumped up wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. I didn't hear any calls of protest or demands for sanity like we heard during the Vietnam War. All I heard was the screams of the dying and the anguish of the innocent. As our government blindly marched ahead looking for the mythical WMD, our media and congressional leaders turned a blind eye in fear of being mailed anthrax or ending up dead like Senator Paul Wellstone, who demanded an investigation. But I guess the biggest tragedy wasn't the wasteful spending of trillions of our dollars chasing a bunch of Arabs in vans or the realization that Americans didn't seem to care (too busy going to the mall), or even the casualty lists, which tore the hearts out of our families. But rather the fact that not one person was held accountable for their criminal actions.War serves MANY purposes.  ONE of which is the testing of NEW weapons in a real war situation.  War is never a waste when it comes to the development of new weapons.

Well stop poking your nose into every ones business no wonder AMERICA has so many countries that don't like them, you can't solve the worlds problems,You used to be the leading nation NOT ANY MORE ,you can't bully people the way you used to.

Thanks president Bush,and thanks president Bush jr,for destroying our economy with your wars.I'm a veteran who was cut up while i was in the army and resulted in my whole life being destroyed, and they give me 250.00 month for my troubles.Bite me..

"How long will America be paying for its wars?", that is the title and the question!The answer is:As long as you are willing to pay!

we sure showed those iraqis for what those saudees did

um why are we still paying the descendants of civil war veterans

"more than $40 billion a year are going to compensate veterans and survivors from the Spanish-American War from 1898." Wait....what???? There are veterans still alive from the Spanish-American War? Yahoo really needs to proofread its stuff before it posts.

HHHHHHMMMMMMM.......  Who put us in a war with Iraq? And might I remind you they had NOTHING to do with September 11th.  I am pretty sure it wasn't Obamy....  OOOOOHHHH yeah..... it was the talking monkey head....... little Bush!!  And to think about all of the republitard followers that blame the demicraps, or more to the point Obummer, for costing us SSSSSSOOOOOOOO much and putting us SSSSSSOOOOOO much further into debt.P.S.  I DO NOT agree with the bail out either!!!  I just love how the lowest common denominator of our country's leaders shine because of the ability to control what is force fed to us through our media!!  Media should have NO political spin!!!  ALL media outlets should be Sweden and remain neutral.  To bad it is only a fantasy!!

Considering that nothing at all was accomplished and as soon as the US pulls out it will be EXACTLY the same despotic hell hole it was in the beginning. just waiting for the next saddam. waste of time money lives..But hey The weapons makers and #$%$ Cheney made a fortune so I guess that was the point.

War is the most profitable business there is for the international bankers that run the U.S.These bankers will NEVER relinquish such a lucrative and precious enterprise. Most of the wars the U.S. has taken part in were arranged by international bankers. They even invented income tax in 1913 just before WWI so America could make payments forever. I wish I were a stock holder in the Federal Reserve so that I too could own and run this nice business full of naive and gullible tax paying sheep. (i have to make sure  this never happens to my country)The ones that pay the MOST are the vet's and their families. Vet's pay more for the rest of their lives'. The BEST solution to stop all this is quit sending troop's all over the world. We are not a police state. Isn't that what the un peace keeping force suppose to do. WELL??? Let them go, we need to stay home and protect our boarder's.

ameriCON eCONomiX @ WERK!

it'z OBAMAZ FAULT!!!LMAOIDIOTZZZ

Still generals come to the TV shows to speak about their valor and their sacrifices and their family's contribution to the war. It's a good honor given to them and they should be honest with their impressions of war. If they still say it was worth it, then what do they mean by it? Did they rescue these two countries (Iraq and Afghanistan) and established our style of democracy in there? Or they stopped rebuilding these countries that they destroyed and made them even worse and inhabitable, than they were before the war?We know that we regressed back a century, and the enemies were sent back to their stone age! Is this the comparison of success?Is this how we should be boasting about our victories?We sure were glad when the soviets had suffered this ignominy of war in Afghanistan.I wish the military general pictured above with his wife could say happily, if he was honest, that I am sure glad I am back with my wife and family, and we accomplished our stated mission in a decade, if not in 3 days of war.That will be an honest assessment.

wait are you talking about the wars that total cost less than 1 trillion dollars? or the 7 trillion dollars we gathered under Obama?

Hmm, maybe their is something to said about Eisenhowers warning to beware of the military industrialists.

Syria is going to be another mess down to the road.

This old b-----d Alan Simpson shouldn't even be considered a veteran as stated in the article.  According to Wikapedia he served from 1955 to 1956 in Germany.  That was a real hot spot for getting wounded or killed wasn't it.  He has a reputation as being against anything that benefits the American people, and has even spoken out against social security.  He ranks right up there with Hanoi Jane when it comes to treasonous Americans.

War is great if you win. It's when you lose or have a nation of entertained sissy's that want the benefits of winning with out paying for them, then you have a problem. That is the difference. Everything has a cost and there are those that are willing to do it for a purpose, be it money or patriotism. Additionally, the US has maintained a volunteer Armed Forces since 1974.

...'fighting for our freedom' or further burdening the tax slaves?Here is an example I saw the other day as a mental health worker: Man comes in seeking MH/D&amp;A dual treatment and is a "combat" vet. He reports recieving over $16k in a lump sum back payment after being able to bump his disability up a new "tier". He reports that he knows some vets that have recieved checks of over $50k for backpayments. If you are bumped up on the disability scale the payments are retroactive- they will back pay you  at the higher level. This man never saw combat, but recieves disability for PTSD. He served 2 years in the military and has been drawing disability since. BTW, he blew threw roughly $12k on a 2 week cocaine binge that ended when he crashes his moms car. He is expecting another lump sump payment from the military shortly.

WAR WHAT IS GOOD FOR, ABSOLUTELY NOTHING !!!!!!!

Anyone that's been stopped at a freeway entrance light knows how long war wears on the  warrior.

America: Warmongering nation that never learns from its mistakes.

and we can thank our ex president mr bush/cheney for us having to pay for this war for the rest of our lives thanks to there lies

How long will we be paying for social security, welfare, and medicaid/medicare???

money, money, money, money, MONEY!!!!  war is ALL about money in more ways than you can possibly imagine.

There's a solution to preventing most foolish undeclared wars. Alas, it will never be implemented:Any time this country is in an armed conflict of more than six months duration, the children and grandchildren of members of Congress over the age of 18 are drafted and sent to the front lines.

Iraq a stupid war run for the profit of a few 1% ers.

Thanks to George Bush Sr. &amp; Jr. and #$%$ Cheney for their  lies America may never recover.They should have to pay for this....not US.Humanity will have destroyed itself by then at this rate.

not nearly as long as the mess obummer has us in

Republicans - Nixon - Vietnam,   Bush - Iraq; and their costly wars.

Why don't we ask Cheney for some of the millions Hellaburton made during the iraq war with their uncontested government contact.

ever since this countries founding weve hardly ever been at peace. its a wonder we having fallen into tyranny already. but i can see the nazi ship on the horizon. its coming at us at breaking speed. drones, martial law, gun grabbing, shredding the constitution... it doesnt take a genius to see whats happing. more wars, more tyranny, more spending. more more more!

Oh, so now I guess you are going to blame Bush!

its all lies...oil companies among others wanted this war...They should cough up the money including the Iraqi's oil companies that will be making trillions of $...

make bush and cheney pay for it, the losers

no #$%$ you idiots! we will be working hard to pay this #$%$ off forever!

Don't blame republicans for our debt. Sure they are largely to blame, but not more so than the democrats.  Our government puts on a puppet show and spends us into more debt than we would ever be able to repay.  George Bush and Nancy Pelosi have a lot more in common with each other than any citizen does with either of them.  Big government is here to stay.  In the mean time, I'll go follow their lead and take out another loan to pay off my current loan.we can all thank that mentaly handicapped  texan who started this whole thing to pad the pocketbooks of his buddies with defense contracts

and reason number 428 i'm glad I never had kids, this country (and this planet for that matter) has become a giant #$%$ ball. I honestly have a very hard time getting into my flag waving patriotic frame of mind anymore. The already mega wealthy can't seem to wait to get more of the average citizens cash in their pocket and the poor are overpopulating the place with more uneducated, unemployable humans. Just my 2 cents.

what is never mentioned is that the insurgency kept blowing up the pipe lines, taking 300 million barrels off the world market, leading to sky high oil prices and the collapse or the global economy in 2007Bush political advisors, Cheney in particular were dull witted goons that never understood the ramifications of their actions and almost plunged the world in to complete chaos

congress won't pull their dykks out of each other's backsides, it doesn't matter what yahoo writes about how pysst the citizens are

I love the warriors, but I hate the war.They held the line and kept the front line from coming back to US soil after 9-11.Now it's time to bring them all home and give them maximum benefits and the honor they deserve.And to those who served and didn't come home, may they rest in peace.

wellif they served in the action where depleted uranium was used and they don't take the right percautions. they will most likly die of cancer in 10to20 years, there are natural cures and preventative herbs that can save their lives! HEMP OIL, APRICOT SEEDS, LEMMON GRASS and several others!!! please do your self a favor and start taking these things immediatly, and may GOD HELP YOU ALL!!! amen

george bush's legacy, the war we didn't need to be in, and keep paying for. gee thanks bush.

Elephant in the room: The Israeli lobby (AIPAC) is driving the US into these insane wars.

This article is just stupid...why not write one on how long our children will pay for the massive debt THIS administration has spent?  Wars are cheap compared to ObamaCare, wake up!!!

The war will be paid for out of Iraqi oil revenues.--GOP hero Georege W. BushJust a huge waste of potential and an entitlement for the wealthy.Wait until the drones come here and bomb us. We could have gone to Green energy and fixed healthcare with all the money Bush/Cheney gave away and burned up and continue to burn up. Oh yeah...remember all that cheap oil we were supposed to get? Compassionate conservatives.

It's a good thing that the US has an unlimited amount of money, isn't it?

We could have had a base on the Moon and Mars by now if it weren't for the Middle (Waste of money) East.

The cost of the wars will linger on the people for a century, but the elite families who pull the governmental administration strings wont feel anything but profits.

.....my thoughts are tough #$%$ for the countries we went through, take care of the United States first then worry about "other countries". Giving them money to rebuild.....maybe after we learn to take care of our own finacial crisis.

with all of the medical/mental costs, forever

Whenever a person dies in war, We will pay for it for eternity. Life has no price.

Look up Americas War Profittears please!

The Greatest Nation is broke.

Is war part of the "spending problem" in America?You have the wording wrong. Paying for "its" wars.  Should read paying for other people's wars.  Its about time countries step up to the plate and pay their fair share. If US is the protector of the world countries should pay up and not us paying them. We are holding our finger in the dike while the world plays ostrich.

How long?? as long as people keep electing(sic) the war mongers.But then again, there is money to be made in wars.One must wander, who makes the money?

The cost of the war will not end until muslims are a serious minority. It is also when the war is going to end.

it's not our debt, just like the trillions obasturd keeps trying to enslave us in. Its the banksters scheme by fraud and deception. To hades with them, they can go hangout with satan as they have sold themselves out and be right at home.

They are still paying relatives from the Civil War???? Surely the wife and children of those civil war veterans are dead and gone! Who is getting this money?

I like this country, because our government would rather blow other countries up instead of investing in it's own future and upgrading it's infrastructure.

WW1 has been over for 95 years, you would have to be 110 to have lied about your age at 15 to have served in 1918, how in the hell are we still paying for this? There is NO REASON IN HELL that we should be paying anything from the civil war. No wonder we're broke!

but, but but...we were told by George W. Bush that the war would be financed from the revenue from Iraqi oil.....whahoppened?

Thanks Buch/Cheney for Iraq. Hitler would be proud

1) There hasn't been a "war" since WWII (ask your Constitution).2) Best way to stop this wasted money- GET OUT OF THEIR BUSINESS!!!Isn't it funny how the republicans always have money to go to war and then want to screw the returning veterans, cut social security and medicare.  Why can't we just take care of America's infrastructure and put everybody to work.  That's money well spent.  It cost us 2.2 trillion dollars for the bush, cheney and rumsfeld invasion of Iraq based on lies generated by cheney.

The war mongering republicans - no good.

IT WILL BE A DROP IN THE BUCKET compared to the trillions of debt racked up and wasted by OBAMA......

I thought genius George told us we would simply "smoke them out"

How's that "hopey-changey" thing working with yobumbo? You know, the libtard idiot who said we would be out of the Middle East within a year?

A cheap price to pay for hero's and freedom.

While sitting through the TAP (Transition Assistance Program) prior to retiring from the military a whole multitude of medical ailments were presented and attendees were encouraged to apply for any and all, no matter how trivial. It seemed like the presenters were receiving a commission for all who were approved for disability. We were told we "rated" at least 10%. I felt I didn't have anything worth claiming disability for and didn't. People said I was crazy because it was there for the taking. Been retired now for 20 years and still no service connected problems. I did my duty and am now enjoying the retirement wanting nothing more than what I earned.I hate to say it but just like other government assistance programs many veterans are milking the system.

As long as there is a republican party. We will always be paying for some bodies war.

Bush and Cheney made millions off of the Middle East War.  Could care less about US citizen costs in the long run.

Free money is what the ones i know are after , not that all do this and dont need it but some are just out to rip of the taxpayers for everything they can get for free. one that i know had never got anything and is 50 plus age now and as a friend he met told him how to he filed claim for bad foot , which he had worked in the prison system for years with no problem but then lost his job as they say he was lazy, now he has got an LPN degree and cant hold job there either so he has applied for bennies !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the guy that show him how online workes full time plus draws bennies on top of a $37 an hour job !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Thank YOU war hungry Republicans.

How long is the laughingly so-called "stimulas" going to cost our children and grandchildren and what did we get for it?

Wars are imaginable but the cost of Obamacare and increased welfare (NOT SS Benefits!!) will sink this country VERY soon.

Thanks Bush :)

What a coincidence! The estimated cost of the Iraq War is $2.2 trillion.And the Bush Era Tax Cuts cost us EXACTLY $2.2 trillion over 10 years, the same exact lenght of the Iraq War? Thats odd!

Remember, as We read this the GOP (stuffy old Men) are rattling their sabers at Syria!Lots of WAR bucks waiting to make a few more GOP millionaires. Yet they badger the incumbent Pres about Gov. spending? They don't want programs to enhance American homeland, they want young men to die for their bottom lines!

230 years after the American Revolution the Europeans are just starting to recover and get the US back under its wing and 99 percent of you are letting it happen

The troops should be on the southern border keeping the illegals and drug cartels out!

weren't we promised that this war would be paid for with Iraqi oil...............more lies..........

What is the cost if we wouldn't have fought them?Oh here we go again with the blaming game."Bush did"Bush hasn't been in office since 2008. Yes he #$%$ up but look at Obama he say that our troops will be out within next year (2014). But I don't see that oh Obama loves to give countries our money remember he's giving countries that hate us our money. Obama loves to suck up on the middle class remember that. He believes that everyone should be supported by his Government. Oh by 2016 our debt will be 16 trillion and more laid off workers!now enjoy that Liberal trolls.

Because of the traitor George W. Bush , the sad , sad reality of it is,  they did die in vein, and more people need to say so. This is going to hurt the families of the lost, it's a hard thing to face . But the man who was in charge of their safety, sent them to die needlessly. There has not been such a waste of human life by a vain clown since Custer. Reckless to the point of incompetance.Our precious troops and their families have suffered  for no reason.Why did we let them go.Bush , Cheney, Rumsfeld, Wolfiwich. They need to be tried , convicted and shot.Everything that we are going through as a nation is their fault. 350million surplus turn into a10 trillion dollar defict by these clowns , The banks, housing , Detroit, The wars,Wall Street colapse. 13,000plus children missing a parent. because these fools. Iraq, 37,000 casulties, 4500 dead, the rest wounded , 600 missing limbs. Why did we let them GO!

GOP starts um so their buddies can make money.  Then they refuse to tax the guys that made all the cash for blood.  Want to take away from the middle class and poor.   Bottom feeders.

Since the USA never funded nor implemented an effective FAA security program, the blessing of bringing a set of steak knives onto planes, the open cockpit door policy, the come on in to the cockpit if you have any sort of pilot id.  The total lack of any proactive real world security policies created the great spend of a trillion dollars to go to the mountains and deserts to hunt down those responsible........perhaps the folks who where responsible and had huge agencies which supported open cockpits, steak knife collections, etc. would have been a bit cheaper to replace and be proactive.......throw in several hundred thousand dead and being proactive might be a better plan?

The greatest cost is in the lives lost by our brave countrymen. RIP   If war actually settled anything, there would have been only one war.

Yahoo!!!! why are you stirring more problems? I am trying to forget that my ex-President and his advisors committed a World crime, stole the money, and got away with it.  When Yahoo finds a legal way to punish the criminals of this war, then write about it.  Until then, let me lik my wounds all alone.

The orignal tax in America was to fund war. It's all the other #$%$ like foreign aid, stimulus packages and entitlements thats making us broke.

What is the yearly cost for pensions and compensation for former members of Congress? And not to mention former Presidents! I am a veteran and receive compensation every month.This is the cost we must pay for those of us who volunteered to join our military. Then add in all of those who were drafted and we do owe these people.The cost of our military veterans is a non-issue. Imagine a world without these men and women.

What about the interest on the national debt to which the war has contributed?

Let's have all the CEOs of all the major oil companies head overseas and fight!40 billion per year  to our veterans is a small price to pay...

The US Government isn't paying Jack S**T!

We will never pay these wars off, our dollar will crash before then. The American people have been robbed by the American government and the elites they represent. Only a fool believes he is still free in this country!

Bush legacy.

How long will it take to pay off Obama phones?

We can thank the republican for the massive loss of lives and money.

are you kidding, or are you crazy. In ww2 we bought war bonds because we were under attack. Now we are just doing big business and Israehell's dirty work for them. And you say that besides the cost of these illegal and immoral occupations were supposed to buy bonds to support them. Your a disgrace to the dead young  and broken people not to mention our bankrupt country

How else is Halliburton to get unchallenged contracts?

Hint hint - We are still paying for the Vietnam War.

As long as Americans are going to be brainwashed by patriotism we will continue to have wars, when people say enough maybe there won't be as many wars or any. The military has one purpose, to engage in warfare. Maybe if we put these people in a project that doesn't involve killing we can shift the paradigm to something more productive.So I ask you Americans WHAT WOULD YOU PAY FOR  FFRREEDDOOMM/????????

Like credit cards, it is the gift that keeps on giving! that is you keep on giving

It's one thing to help OUR vets...we are the ONLY nation in world history that obliterates our enemies and then rebuilds THEM! We are morons...that's why no one respects us. We should leave our enemies in ashes, and restore our people.

And let's all continue to blame Obama for our financial woes regarding the deficit.

What would have been the cost of doing nothing? I think we did the best we could with the intel we had at the time. We had to have a base of operations to get Ben Laden, Iraq had to be it for many reasons. We had to get Ben Laden.Now we have to do something about N. Korea and Iran. So, to all arm chair quarter backs, have another beer and turn on espn.

if we werent the worlds police we wouldnt be paying back about 40 billion

just shows how stupid the goverment is.still paying civil war relatives wouldnt that include almost everyone.i guess i should go sign up for my check and become one of the 47%ers

We would not owe a dime if we made these countries pay for us assisting them during these wars. on top of the 700,000+ vehicles and other supplies calculating into the Billions that will be left in afganistan. on top of the additional assistance that will be given to help the people (instead going to the government who in turn will not help their people). force these countries to pay and our people would be taken care of and we would not be in this perdicament

just send a bill to the countries we "liberated"..........

Gotta wonder how much the guys behind the scenes who stood to gain from this "occupation" will make when it's all said and done?Taking care of &amp; paying for generations of welfare families is a cost thats lingering too!!!!

All that money going to the Bush's ...

elect gary johnson and these stupid holy wars will be over  ASAPAmerica needs Libertarian leadership

Why in the hell are we still paying realtives of civil war soldiers?  And you wonder why this country is broke....its run by morons

yup u will be paying alright. u will be paying dearly for listening to that buffoon george w bush and his lieing deceiving bunch of #$%$ who not only ruined the world but ruined usa and have burdened it for another 100 years or so. so yea u got to pay and pay u shall... dearly

Republicans talk a big game about reducing the deficeit, and saving money, but they are the ones always starting wars, and like Geo Bush jr. a fake war that has been the biggest cost to this country in the fight against rising government cost. stop the wars, stop sending money to countries like pakistan and Afganistan, and other countries that the U.S. supplies and use that money at home. There would be plenty of money to pay for whatever program was needed with cash leftover. You repubs can blame yourself for the mess.

What Price Freedom ??

How about Iraq paying for their freedom/war?Surely GW and Chains would have an agreement in place for the Iraqi people to pony up on the cost of being freed from Saddam Hussein.But then again GW was at the helm of more than one failed business prior to his presidency.

if we take over the world we wont have to pay no one back

Economist Adam Smith once famously observed (about the American Revolution) that if wars had to be paid for at the time they were being fought there would be far fewer of them and they would not last nearly so long.  Financially, the only way to win a war is to lose it as we are now too polite and civilized to make the losers in a conflict reimburse us for the costs.wars will never end this has been said.  Cost of war is always great when victory is never achieved and people loose hope.  Dont loose hope in your country is the only one you have, you can loose money, lives. and dignity but three things to me you shouldnt loose, and thats God, Family, and country.  Cant take care of either of the three then you have no hope at all.

People still doesn't know they're populated by politicians that view their jobs as career instead as profession.

Who cares about gay marriage weve taken it in the #$%$ for years. Now we have an idiot that loves to spend money, my tax bill should come with condoms

Am paying tax up my azzzzesss. I am really, really sick to my stomach about all these spending. The sad part is those muslims will kill us, our women and children every chance they have. SAD COUNTRY.

No problem for President Obama Moneybags, he'll just print more money to pay every last bill + enough to buy a cigar.  Too bad he doesn't understand, in doing so, by the time he's run down every last printing press....inflation will have skyrocketed to the point that they will have to change the title of The Dollar Store, to, The Hundred Thousand Dollar store.  Nobody will be able to afford rent, but that's ok, because all but the top 1% will be homeless.  Filling up a tank of Gas will be roughly equivilent to 2-3 months salary, but that's ok to, because nobody will have a job to drive a car to.

Major General Smedley Butler, who was awarded the medal of honor three times, tried to tell Americans why most wars were fought. He was a Republican and the most famous and respected hero in W.W.1. He wrote books and testifed to congress about who profits from wars. But the most amazing thing congress heard from him was details of what became know as the Bussiness Plot. He told congress how Chase, DuPont and other leaders of industry had asked him to help them overthrow F.D.R. and install him as some kind of puppet leader after the coup. Congress investigated this and then it disappeared, soon afterward F.D.R. was able to pass  his New Deal without much trouble. Every American should know this story, few do. Remember Ike tried to tell us also.

Weapons of Mass Destruction in Iraq...Nope!Now there is another imminent threat in North Korea!Better start beating the drums of war...There is money to be made at the taxpayers expense!

Well, at the rate we're going, in 100 years we'll have over a quadrillion dollars in debt.

The idea that we should try to fight "humane" wars is totally wrong.  We need to make warfare as absolutely horrendous as we can.  Not just scorched earth but salting in so nothing can grow for generations.  Fighting a war any other way is not just hypocritical, it's evil.  And the cost is more than just monetary.  There are a lot of people in Missouri and Kansas who don't trust, and won't have anything to do with people from the other state.  That goes back to the Border War, which was actually before the Civil War.

Thanks, G.W Bush, another fine thing you did. How much are you paying for your cluster %%%%.  Enough saidHistory is really just stuttering over an issue it obviously refuses to ever address: liberating people from fear.

Sadly, the costs are far greater than money.

All for the benefit of the almighty Israel

We will be paying for Obama care for alot longer.

Another example of a good government program, which benefits veterans, but it is now in trouble financially due to gross mismanagement by the VA.  If the VA had been more vigilant in their administration, our veterans would not be facing uncertaintity.

lets build america!to hell with foreign aid!i dont see the foreign sending us anything but illegals and drugs!damn it!

The Iraqi and Afghanistan wars will go down as the biggest military and political disasters in American history.  10 years from now, it will become obvious that we lost both of these wars, and were saddled with crippling debt from them.  The United States of America, sadly, has reached its high water mark.  The 21st century will be called The Rise of the Chinese Empire.

"Mission accomplished" George Bush, Cheney and John McCain. Huge loss of american life and huge financial cost to this country. How do these guys sleep at night

What evil lurks in the hearts of mortal man.

I want to know WHERE ARE THE WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION that was what this was all about, remember? We all were in danger of Sadam Hussein blowing us all off the face of the earth. Later he was found hiding in a g---damn hole, REALLY? This is what they wanted us to be afraid of. ALL LIES  and a lot of good YOUNG AMERICANS lives were lost for TOTAL BUL-----T.      DISGUSTING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Just FYI...It took my brother a Vietnam Vet  14 YEARS to get his didability! He's TOTALLY disabled and on SSI as well....As a Veteran myself...AND one who claimd his children as DEPENDANTS on MY tax return...becaUSE THEY WERE ON food STAMPS. i CAN TELL YOU THEY tested HIM enough! TEST the POLITICIANS!!

It's funny how they say that 'the government is paying'; the elite ivy leagers in Washington are not the ones either going to war, nor are they the ones paying--they just launch and mismanage the wars, in which WE the people, who had NO say in launching wars, die or are injured, and then WE pay for the war THEY started, and that THEY and their banking/corporate buddies prospered from (but shed no blood nor sweat).  Welcome to post-1945 USA, endless wars, endless death and endless taxes for the people--endless benefits/profits for Senators, Presidents, and corporate CEOs.  Remember this when you wave your made-in-China US flag on July 4th--and enjoy your freedom--to die and pay taxes.

Would we still fight wars all the time if people stopped volunteering for service in the military?

Bush should pay for his war out of his own pocket! not leave his debt behind

Bottom line: We'll always be paying for some war or another because America insists on being the hero of the world. So honestly. . .stop complaining; it won't fix anything.

I'm sorry but I object, these payments are for the families of men who put their lives on the line and have nothing to do with "need". Stop waging unnecessary wars if you want to save money!

wars get nations out of depressions. its worked for centuries. but i think america has over used war as a means of economic prosperity. it now makes us look like a meat head bully on the block always causing problems for others. lets stop the wars, stop the meddling and aid to countries that hate us. the bad decisions of wars past have and are ruining our once beautiful prosperous country

Poor dumb slobs, if your President says you jump, you jockeys first ask how high, then say its too high :)) why enlist to fight, did Ali say yes, did you learn from that? NO! cry in your soup.

And what have the conservatives who dragged us into these costly wars learned?  Now they want the poor to make sacrifices to pay for them.  Not the rich, not the ones who voted for the wars, the poor.  Shame on them!

anyone who voted for bush sanctioned this...scare tactics always work on the ignorant.we should shift some of those costs to financial supporters of al queda and the taliban as we identify them.

WOW! So that's when the stupid began in America politics. Money talks but only to them and the countries we invade

Why the hell are they making payments to relatives of the Civil War?

Financial ruin, not war, is how civilizations decline. Although, war is used to create and perpetuate financial ruin.

thanks bu$h/cheney for letting many young Americans die so your friends in oil could get even richer

this is easy, never.

Can we get an estimate on how much money the Bin Laden family profitted from the Iraq War please? I would love to see those numbers!

How does it compare with the cost of welfare? Especially when you consider war is generally for the nations defense or its security. There is very little gain in welfare programs, especially with how many people have been, are and will be on it. It feeds people, but they pay no taxes and then turn around and get an "earned income tax credit". #$%$

Start charging these countries, one way is paying if not by cash, resources, let's start with the OIL ! Iraq has plenty of it.

damm trudeau she said most wars. and most of us didnt sign up for sevice to go to war. We dont start war its those damm congressmans and presidents that start war. give me my money for my service of damm near giving my life or limbIf the cost of the wars will linger for a hundred years, then the cost of Obama's madness will linger for three.

We need to identify who needs financial help in this country and who is getting a free ride.   There is no more room for careless spending.  The party is over.

Please vote Republican. This country needs more wars.

Military Complex Disorder = Tax Deficit Reason = Harder for YOU = HAHAHA!!!!

Forever....

Bush War

The ones Bush lied about.

Heck,that's no brainer.Even I know that with a GBD deplome from Guadalajara.

Alan Simpson, a former Republican senator and veteran who co-chaired President Barack Obama's deficit committee in 2010, said government leaders working to limit the national debt should make sure that survivors of veterans need the money they are receiving."Without question, I would affluence-test all of those people," Simpson said.I bet this bum didnot turn down his lifetime pension.

Did we ever find those wepeans of Mass Destruction?The cost we pay for worthless  Senators, Congressmen , And Presidents is far more disturbing.

Please don't be fooled by this #$%$. When we were about to enter into the Spanish - American War in 1898 The President imposed a tax to fund the long drawn out war,the war only lasted 6 months but we are still paying the tax today,115 years later.

Look at this sad fact: Costs for the last several wars are rising because more vets are SURVIVING! Obviously, we owe them the same care and concern as we would give to their dead comrades-in-arms. And anyone who thinks a veteran's benefit, especially for disability, is easy to get or making anyone rich -- well, they should read the other story on this page about the backlog for claims and the suffering of the vets and their families while they wait.When these budgeteers are ready to send their own kids off to their wars or to give up their own pensions and benefits unless they pass the affluence test, then they should be quiet. Stop having wars you can't pay for, and stop taking the costs of those wars from needy citizens. War is hell -- that doesn't mean the ones who've been there should pay twice.

$40 Billion a year is what the wars are costing us? Thats nothing, just a red herring to throw us off the scent of what is really bankrupting us. One of many things are the illegal immagrants. The U.S. spends $338 billion (documented) a year on programs and other expenses from illegal immagrants. Cut them off and we could pay off and fund wars in no time.

I can remember when my grandfather died in 1952, he being a veteran of the Spanish-American war, my grandmother continued to receive his monthly pension till her death in 1967.  That told me then at the age of 10 that the cost of a war goes far beyond the cost of the particular battles and deployments of that war.  Oh, hell.  Just blame it on Obama, right?

Still paying Civil War relatives? Time to cut those payments immediately!Next, the answer is very simple. Pay nothing. We owe soldiers nothing beyond their paychecks and free medical care - WHILE ON ACTIVE DUTY ONLY! They volunteered to join up. So, they must accept the risks when doing so.

Wait!  Wasn't it the fiscally responsible party that sent the US to TWO wars, and on top of it financed them.  Isn't the staple of the GOP's campaign based fiscal responsibility.

Yep we are still paying for the civil war its called blacks.

President Tyler, our 10 President, has two surviving Grandsons that are alive today. This is because Pres Tyler had his son when he was an old coot, in his 70's or 80's, and then his son repeated the feat and had these two guys when he was an old coot too. They were born in 1925 and 1928.

Yeah? Now do a similar story on how much the war profiteers pocketed along these same lines and configurations!!Not if you own stock in KBR.

War sucks its the last possible result . That said not going to war sometimes cost even more.If we had hit germany in 37 or 38 when we knew he was preparing for war we might have saved millions of lives and billions of dollars.  Iran might be a good example of that . I hope we dont go to war with them after they wipe Israel off the map !!

Trudeau, It was Bush who got  this country into that war.He plan it befor he even took office. Befor you rambel do some fact checking.

thanks george bush

Typical left wing lame stream media story. They seem to forget if it wasn't for our Military they wouldn't have the freedom to print their lame stories. Money is only one aspect. Giving one all is entirely another and one loss is to many. Then we have the fraud and his minions.

Hey at least Nixon had a plan to end the war in 1968. Yeah that worked out well.

Not near as long as it will be payin' parasites

When it comes to war they want to talk about costs.....about time they wanted to talk about the cost of something.....now if they will talk about all the spending they are doing and stop increasing it!  already spent 3% more than last year at the same time!  this is our money and they spend it like they can alwasy get more, they are printing it, borrowing it and increasing taxes....and they will keep on increasing taxes until they get all they can before we revolt before they ever make a sincere effort to cut spending and waste and privatizing and letting the states handle stuff!  by then it will be too late though.  they will take their bundles and live the rest of their lives in luxury without a care!  you know why they fight so hard to stay in dc?   you see how they live up there?!!!  they live in mansions and get it all paid for plus 2 million a year in expenses for each member of congress for offices, staffs, etc. Get free everything, lobbyists falling over themselves to get some of our money from them and paying for all their other expenses....americans we must vote them all out in 2014 and 2016!  especially the lifers!  we got to wake them up and get their attention!  if we want change and term limits, lobbyist reform, tax reform, balanced budget ammendment, immigration reform, getting the debt paid down.....if we want to save our nation we have to do it!  before its too late!  they obviously arent going to....they got all they want.  they were suppoosed to go to dc. Serve a term or 2 and then go back home......they made it where they dont want to leave so they dont!  nothing beats "serving the people"  its time to say enough!  vote them all out!

So how do these funds get distributed? I need to let all these "war veterans" panhandling near freeway entrances know where they need to go.

its the price of freedom, ya know the freedom you worthless liberals take for granted everyday, you seem to forget who afforded you the comfort of sitting on you #$%$ in your lay back rocker, maybe you should use some of that misguided anger on the billions spent every day to pay for your illegal Mexican friends living here free off our tax dollarsThanks a lot George W. Bush!

Liberals like to spend money in questionable social programs and Conservatives in questionable wars. Next time vote Libertarian before it's too late to save this country.

please name a war that wasn't started by bankers trying to get their way -you are the worst fools those of you who think you're doing your country a favorby serving or letting your kids serve - #$%$ your souls for being so naive

So that means that this country will be paying for Obama for what...400 years?

why are we still there?  yes I remember 911 I watched unfold on TV and I know why Bush # 2 sent us there,but why are we still there?

Maybe what we need is accountability in policy. If the GOP wants to go to war that's fine then we can just shift the financial burden for a costly war onto the constituents who voted in the politician who said yes to war.

Now imagine we were taking GOOD care of veterans, how much THAT would cost. Keep pushing that military industrial complex...

Thanks Bush.

Politicians can only syphon money when the money is flowing...stagnant money is hard to steal...

did they include all the BS payments to our fake "heroes".   a uniform and a signing bonus doesn't make you a hero.   I spit on you milkmen/baby killers...and the adults of Iraq...over 100k dead from you murderous basturds.   spit.  spit. spit.  hauck...tooeee on you!Chaney is still counting his money

We all want to take care of our veterans, but like all groups there are people that exploit the system. Some veterans double or triple dip the system and now veterans can  collect disability payments for things like sleep apnea.  This is an outrage and an insult to legitimately disabled veterans.

And what have we to show? Not a thing!! Back to square one.

Eat, drink, &amp; be merry. Lose your fear. Let evil do that in place of you.

Why do we care of of other countries business? we have to take care of home first  and when we donnt we suffer and they benefit. I want to use my tax money for home and then help our vets and soldiers here. #$%$ the other countries, lock the doors and fix us first. Im tired of policing the world and giving up good people for useless gains for the rich

war is not the answer

Who agrees with me when i say that i would rather pay taxes to explore the universe, like the mars rover right now rather than paying taxes to fight wars?

I think that veterans and families of veterans (limited to spouse and biological children) should be way down the list for gov't benefit cuts. I can think of dozens of other constituencies that need benefit cutting before them.  People with huge acreage that get agriculture payouts and of course people who have more children in order to get more benefits.

Still paying relatives of Civil War vets....now there's something we could cut from the budget.

All US wars since the War of 1812 had been partially paid for by a tax hike and war bond sales. Bush started two wars and said they would be over quickly and be paid for by a tax cut. Brilliant strategy. We all know how that worked out.southern white people have been paying for the war of northern aggression since lee signed the truce. they will continue to pay even after whites become a minority in the near future

thanks George Bush for the incredible debt...............!

Defending our shores I feel should be our only concern. This is crazy, people our losing there lives, becomeing disabled for people that probably don't like us beening there.

stop giving money to all the countries in the middle east

OMG, My G, G, G, G, G, G ,G Great Grandfather was cold during the Midevil Inquisition and lost a pinky finger when King Louis the 29th decided to fight the Saturnites from Jupiter. I should get some form of monthly payment for his hardship. This is simply absurd. The civil war, REALLY...

Oh yea...........Mike Baker is a POS!....

This is all or government cares about, money......The bottom line.........How many families foriegn and domestic have you destroyed....doesn't matter gotta raise funds for the next election...

It't about time some one said some thing about this. After working for the Va, I was shocked at how the disability was being payed it seemed like all the va employees would learn the system and the next thing you know they were receiving payments, most of them never went to war and alot of them earning 80k and up. Also the word is out in the militay to build a medical record as soon as you get in so you can collect for the rest of your life it has become a very large scam and the soldiers that really need it and have been at war have to fight for it, some thing needs to be done about this but it will never happen.

Holy cow! I've got relatives. Where can I get a piece of this action?

A lot of people and corporations actually make a huge profit on war as well.As long as we let the Traiotor.s , George W. Bush , #$%$ Cheney, Donald Rumsfeld, Paul Wolfiwich, go free we will be paying for it. The13,000 plus children who have lost a parent in their BS wars. will be paying their whole lives.WHY DID WE LET THEM GO ?      MY GOD  Try them , convict them  (that will be easy). Stand them agaisnt the wall and shoot them. and the shoot them again.

Thanks Mr G.W Bush ! ! you ruin this country . . !!!

oh thats nice,tell the people to support war they don't want AND THEN tell them its going to take 100 years to pay it off.yea,sounds like we are under a dictatorship for sure.

How about this, end the wars, and stop electing canidates who are pro-war communist parasites? No that's too logical.

Hmmm, well if it weren't for having to pay for over 47% of Americans to have food stamps and other welfare entitlements, I suspect many of those bills would have been long since paid for.

America won't be America in 100 years. China will be the leader of the world by that time and Chinese historians will point to America and how we blew our wealth by these wars and other junk as the reason America went bankrupt. America is going the way of the Roman Empire

It only seems fitting that we're still paying for Civil War benefits, seeing as how we're still fighting it.

Funny how the Tea Party idiots didn't have a f*^#ing thing to say about financial responsibility until Obama came into office. Stupid jackoff pigfu*kers.

heres an idea make sure War is some what paid for b4 jumping with boot feet! sick of congress knee jerk reactions with out having a plan!

We should stop invading the Muslim countries, monies are needed back home, for our own people.War is not about Americas freedom! War is a Racket, look it up! Also Prescott Bush and Hitler or Henery Ford and Hitler, Next the Overthrough of FDR by our corpret elite! All are Eye Openers.

Lets see how much our politicians never ending "benefits" are costing us each and every year. What a great "service" they have rendered.

As a veteran I can say my time in the service was a complete waste of time. I hope there is a special place in hell for military recruiters whom lie to teen aged American children. Besides most of my comrades in the service were a bunch of social rejects, drug addicts, alcoholics or just plain old ghetto. Unless you fit in any of these categories don't enlist.

How many people are still getting Civil War benefits? There might be 1 or 2 old ladies who were married to Civil War vets, but highly doubtful.  Facts, please!

Up until WW2,wars were fought by the military..beginning with Korea,wars were fought by politians and big business

First, all of these benefits being paid are controllable costs that can be reduced on a whim of Congress. Second, why on earth do we bother going to war when there is no profit? We got nothing out of Iraq. We went in, so the country should be a colony. Instead, we walk away with nothing. Imperialism, not nation building, is the only reason for war.

Every time I hear McCain call for intervening in Arab conflicts by putting Americans in harms way I get sick.  We owe them nothing.  If they want freedom, fight for it.

what president lied to us and became a mass murderer? rush &amp; #$%$ are good at pointing blame but are Mum on this issue. bush is no better than sadam

The cost of our veterans is great to the american tax payer! But the cost of a solider wounded for lifetime or killed is the ultimate price! V.a. Expenses can be made alot easier if obama didn't spend billions on making an additional 23% of our population welfare recipients !

Let us charge g.w.bush and his cohorts, rumsfeld, rove, wolfowitz, rcondi, et al with war crimes.  Included should be illegal use of waterboarding torture.  g.w. bush,  our dumbest C - Yale "graduate" president.  Let us confiscate his total assets to contribute to help pay for the cost of his stupid war.condi' rice and her  "husband" should be  tried for  war crimes and sexual conduct.  president Clinton merely had oral sex while condi had real sex that infuriated Laura bush to spend a night in a Washington hotel.Maybe one day these rising countries that we help will help us.Maybe.

this is the #$%$ im talkin about,  this is the #$%$ that has to stop.   there is no reason why people should be payed for this #$%$ still.

When we lose the capability to print money. So, i guess the answer to  is,  never.

Simple answer is ... Not half as long as it will be paying for it's lazy and corrupt people leaching off the system.

How long will we be paying for wars?  ASK OBUMMER,,,

Make your own way through life.  If you volunteered for service - that is a risk you accept and take.  If you get broken, perhaps compensation is necessary - but with double amputees being able to fully integrate into society and WORK for themselves I believe that the "automatic money bin" called MY DAMN TAX DOLLARS should be reviewed for those that REALLY need it and those that apply and get it who have NO NEED.  WASTE is RAMPANT - adjust the laws accordingly - fix that and put it towards the defecit.

I'm a Vietnam era vet. I suffer from PTSD and a few other problems associated with hazards of shipboard on 50's &amp; 60's vintage ships. While I was only on a carrier for a year and a half, I've been suffering for years. I get 129.00 per month. It took me 40 years to get that!My opinion is that the gov knew of these hazards but never did anything about them.Deny, deny, and hope you die !!!! The montra of the keepers of the purse strings, while we rebuild and support all of the enemies we defeated on the backs of our service members !!

Did we start this war back in 2001 9/11?

not long will be either nuked or Illuminati will some how kill us all with something or planet X will come through.

How are we the Americans still paying for the Civil War?  Do you know that we the Americans have to pay Japan a certain Undisclosed number of money (Millions) to Japan for life.?  Or how about this one, do you know that we pay the Queen of England a Tax..?  Frigging amazing right, we got all kind of money, the problem is, it's going to the wrong places.  America needs to stop messing around and stop paying other countries that hate us and have money and good economies of thier own, there is no reason, not one #$%$ reason that we the tax payers should be paying for our governments mistakes and ideals..!  We the people have no say in what our government does, they will do things without us knowing about it and they don't care, as long as it makes these government officials and politicians money it's ok..!  I say we as the people of America stand up and do something about this government of ours that over spends and has us in debt.  Our country is being sold off to other countries bit by bit, do your research and find out for yourselves and you will find the truth.Send the bill to Saudi Arabia, all the Sunni extremist that did 9-11 were from their country. Also the war in Iraq was for their benefit, not freedom and liberty, but to protect their so called Royal family from an invasion from Saddam Husein. Just transfer our debt for the wars to China to them or they can pay in Oil if they wish. The next war is also for their benefit , the one with Iran that's coming up soon.

we shouldn't fight other people's battles when we don't have the money, nor when we do either-let them do  it

Everything, I mean everything, when you get to it's root, is about money. Not a bad thing, it's just the way things work and it will never change.

thought obongo got us out of the wars in his first year in office like he promised?

the country we help should pay the bill, like iraq's oil

Better ask the Iraqis for the "Cost of war"

IMHO, If politicians want to fight a war badly enough, and they truly think it's justified, then they should have the stones to impose a surtax to pay for the war while it's being fought instead of borrowing and passing the cost on to the grandkids. I think the La-Z-Boy Rambos in congress would be far less likely to send soldiers off to fight and die if they had to pay the political price of asking the taxpayers for money upfront to pay for the war instead of just dumping the cost on the national credit card.

But Calamity George and his band of stooges said the Iraq war would only cost US taxpayers about $1 billion dollars!  Funny how the GOP never brings up that $1 trillion screw-up whenever they are complaining about the debt.

Can anybody else say "deficit"?? More then half of the US deficit is for paying for a war that has long since ended!!! Ok so look at how well Japan and Germany have done in the markets since World War II and yet now wonder why we are still paying for WWII!!! Heck the civil war was how many years ago??? And yet the South (which I love and miss living there) is so far more advanced then the North!! At least you can still go to a drive in theater in the South as well as a Dairy Queen....the last DQ in my former home town closed and went out of business in Ithaca NY in 1986! Heck we don't even have a Carvel ice cream shop...though I saw one in North Carolina when I lived there!!! There hasn't been a drive in theater here in my New York area since 1983! Further I was surprised by how many "gentleman's clubs" were around in the three years I lived in the South!! I am not saying that in a bad way, just feel like the folks in the South seem to get people more then the folks in the North! I hope to return to North Carolina some day soon!! I may have been born in New York, but the South has it going on!!! Still though there should be a limit to how long we pay for a war or conflicit more so if it was started by another nation or group of people!!!

To all you fox coolaid drinking right wing teabagging whack jobs I say this Rush Limburger, Sean Hanity, Glen Beck, Pat Robinson, Karl Marx Rove, The Kotch Brothers, Mittens Romney, Paul (the athiest) Ryan, and the Tea Party, Would  say that those people are the evil takers that they warned you aboutwhy isit that every time we get into a so called war we are the ones who rebuilds that country. they couse the problem we pay. so any time people want there counrty fixed up  they cause problem and we pay. we have our own here in the USA that need to be fixed let take care of our own. andy way that war bill is padded it did not cost as much as they say just subtract they every day running of the military with what was expended there and you have the true cost, we must pay for the every day running of our militaryweather we are at war or not.

Im a vet of the US Army 86-89....I have never collected one cent in benefits. I dont need them. I went to the VA once in 90 because I was between jobs and needed to see the doc. I hear everyone saying Vets are heros. I AM NO HERO. I am just a man, no better then the next.

As long as the oil will flow from Arabic and Golf regions, the US will be able to create and pay for those wars . Don't worry about who will pay.

Seems to me that the country which is being released from tyranny should be held accountable, especially those oil rich countries.  At least for the billions which go into a foreign land for infrastructure improvements.

This debt is from Bush years.

I would rather pay a more for gas than keep policing the world.  $3. gas is just not worth it in the long run as the article and common sense suggests.

This analyst has audacity to suggest we stop paying for the American blood spilled, sacrificed in the name of our country? The financial burden does NOT out weigh the lives spent defending those freedoms. We are forever in debt to those who fought willingly in the name of Liberty, in the adversity of fear and death.

WELLLLLL,  Isn't That Special?.....duh    "You Cant Kill Yourself To Prosperity"....Barrack O'bama Debate #1   vs. Mittens Romney, the Bain Capital Thief...duh

Ah the Bush years just keep giving and giving.

Well maybe they should be looking at what they people in the house and then maybe we would have money no reason why the president should get payed 450,000 for life when he is done so should be his money.Freedom has to come at a cost.

We live in a society where everyone complains unless they are the one getting the benefit. It's like dang government wasting all our tax money, where do I sign up ?

But the arms industry made out like bandits.

So wait, an "affluence test". A combat injury doesn't know rich or poor...is this fool suggesting we curb payments to vets that serve their country? How about stop giving our money away to other countries who only repay us with hate

Make love, not war.

We are constantly donating money that we dont have to other countries, can someone please explain to me how the hell that makes any sense? We are not the United States of America habitat for Humanity. Lets start taking care of home first and then worry about so called allies.... God bless America and no place else!!!

Truth and honesty about the actual cost of wars is the last thing to expect from our politicians. That is why we must eliminate politicians being in charge of anything other then court jestering. Business men should run the country, main street business men.

Words such as collateral damage,friendly fire,surgical strike have now deflected the painful reality of war abroad.today the folks who are pro gun owners want everyone believe innocent kids in CT were either killed by one of the terms above or the appropriate amendment of the  constitution.again there are those who say Newton CT atrocities  never happen.bloody hands and weapons use are  a clear indication. And now shall we speak of Drones?

Stop giving money to other countries.

Whatever happenned to Oliver North ??100 years to pay off our two wars? So what is it....about 5000 years to pay for Obamacare??

Sad But TRUE, no matter the pro &amp; con. ~Major~

and? was it worth it?

what's a problem?

volesky, in my opinion you are a pigs #$%$. If you did not learn from the nam you never will.....................................................................................

What about the Income from sale of Wepons and Oil looting. Even then going positively.So what if you have lost ten to fifteen thousand people. People know very well that you have killed 3 to 4 lacs against this 10 to 15 thousands.

How long? As long as big business keeps making money off of them. We should be using our military to defend this country and it's people! Not running around the world fighting stupid wars that only benefit Haliburton or Lockheed Martin! I am not against war, I am against using our military as a hit squad to clear the way for rich c**ksuckers and thier business ventures and making the American people pay for it all with money and the lives of our children!

Wounded veterans and regular citizens will pay until the rest of time. Politicians and big companies will profit forever from these war.

all thee wars are costing money,,,what happen if we go to war with north korean,,what then???.................i know well wait til it come ha ha,,what will the troop ware they underware.and B.B. guns,,,,,,,look at the big picture..........this is not a joke,,,cost cost,,??

Bush may be a dumb #$%$ but obama is a #$%$ up.~I Bring You A Message of Goodwill!~~The Goodwill Amb#$%$ador~To Bad Our Government Has Always Thought War Brings The People Together And Stimulates The Economy, Some Day They May Finally Learn War Doesn't Pay.

As non US citizens, I want to thank the US government for taking care of other countries, prevent them from being communist or losing their oil.

Dint the great one, Obama promise to stop the wars as soon as he took office?? What happened??

Sadly not included in the story is how much the military wastes every year by staying in afganistan!

All hail George w

since last 70 years ago how many war we had in the world and U.S was not part of it?now thinking about N koria and syria and Iran so what you are talking about stop the war?looks like U.S like to make war all over the world.

If we cut our funding to Israel we can make up for the losses... some ally they are never around when heavy lifting needs to be done...

Is there any answers ?

War can end when the People stop agreeing to fight them.  If the leaders want war then they should duke it out themselves.

Bankruptying the country......hello commiesMeanwhile bush, obama administration, oil (minerals) companies and defense contractors are getting richer. . . . For Americans like them, war is business. . .  There must be war in the middle east to justify the appropriation of tax money to fund said war and also in order to get the oil and minerals of those countries in the middle east. . .  War is a big, big business.

If you want to play, you have to pay! That's something the guys that puff up their chests and send troops to fight their "wars" seem to not think about until the bills come due. And they still haven't learned!

#$%$!!! I apologize if my comment is offensive to anyone, but, who in the hell is still alive from the Spanish-American War of 1898?? Much less, why some of these others that weren't even born when those wars were waged are recieving benefits?? I believe all veterans should be justly taken care of during their lives, but how can some of this be justified? Or is it that some politicians and government officials have used some of these as deceptive ways to fleece the American people's money by them becoming benefactors to the money under programs that no one thinks are still active?

"compensate veterans and survivors from the Spanish-American War from 1898" hmmm something smells fishy here

Send the bill to the UN with a "you're welcome" card.

This country has screwed it's Vets beginning with the War of Independence.  It is true.  It is history.  This country has a black past (and present) of casting aside veterans.

Don't worry guys... it was money well spent. We ALMOST found WMD's! Thanks Bush.

Why don't we just grow our own opium? (Investigate: Afghanistan &amp; opium) &amp; get off our oil addiction...It won't help chisel away at our liberty but It would saves lives, money &amp; possibly our future

Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.-- John Emerich Edward Dalberg-Acton, April 1887

Philippians 4:4 Rejoice in the Lord always. I will say it again: Rejoice!there are NO veterans of the civil war still alive, the same with the spanish american war, and even WW1!!!!! All these beareaucrats taking care of them must be Democrats.

Psalm 105:1 Give thanks to the LORD, call on his name; make known among the nations what he has done.

western civilized country.

And the one group that makes out with this, the banking industry........still robing in plain sight...

War in this World has been going on since the First Testament...why are you all acting like this is something new? Get off your high Horses.

More Conservatarded Socialist Welfare...

To all the Neo-Cons (fake conservatives) u have no reason complain about pay taxes, especially since you have continued to support the wars. You country club RINOS are  the reason why we got stuck with Mitt Romney and Obama got re-elected.

take most of the money from bush ,obama and congress ,senate  to pay their fair share . the have started the wars and should be paying for out of the pocket with the money the chiseled away . plus all the war corporation's ? the politicians getting richer and the service members getting less and less . old story ! what a disgrace !

The left has some nerve talking about costs, when will we stop paying the cost for social welfare programs, someone give me an end date for that!

Do I understand this correctly? The government uses tax payers money to pay for all costs of war and private businesses like Blackwater and suppliers of war materials etc. reap the benefits.I wonder why Germany who lost two world wars always payed for there losses in full. And is still paying Israel to this day , still manage some what better then us

Freedom comes with a price, We pay it with our lives. I'm in the military and they have set me up witch i am great full for. My buddy was shot dead by a sniper, he was no less than one yard from me when i seen his head explode.. People who says you can put a price on a mans life is absurd.. i think it's fair pay.

The price of freedom is costly. In more than just money!

Eliminating selective service saves the taxpayers 24million

if the vet. and the wife are dead then the money needs to stop no other family members should get paid.

Play to win is a fraction of pay to play.

lets also put on record those associated with the military complex that benefited from the war.   Losers - Iraq and civilians Winners - military contractors, suppliers, Bush, Cheney, Rice, Rumsfeld war cons

Should have George W. help out with some of his oil $$$

Like a hot-shot perfect person made of plastic (with a shattered ego)

AND IF we go to war with north korea or iran we pay for it how??!amerika will pay until the day the printing presses either run out of ink , or print chinese currency.amerika is #$%$ DOOMED !

Thank you, Dubya, and your "Clown Car Cabinet" for this and all you're messes that President Obama's been correcting.

blame W for the wars what about Obama for keeping us in it

If history is any judge, the U.S. government will be paying for the Iraq and Afghanistan wars for the next century  correction,  the US public will be paying

$876 a year or $73 a month for someone who helped you get the fredoom you enjoy today I spent that much filling my car with gas in one day. And what about a congressman who says he can not live on a meer 350.000 a year with all the perks free benifits that he gets for maybe working 2 months out of the year that is what we need to cut back on..

These wars are pointless.....end them and bring home the troops...

the followers of bush jr. , that #$%$ cheney, and (j) ews, are the malignant cancer of washington, america, and humanity.  youre unwelcome

The US owe a debt to China and can't fix its economy but somehow the US still come up that much money? I'm confused.

The rich ruling class on this planet made and make these wars.  Let the rich ruling class pay for it.  We need an international working class party willing to educate, organize and take power from the rich ruling class.  Read the World Socialist Website.

oBama has no care or concern about any or all americans who die under his watch! He is out to bring our country down! Even if it kills us all!!!what happen in vietnam ? 58,000 were killed for what, family and love ones greive for what happen in vietnam, and that war did nothing, just go to d.c.on veteran day and see the griving love ones at the wall&gt;&gt;

And what about war compensation for the hundreds of thousands of innocent people who were killed or harmed? The US never even thinks about paying the survivors of their innocent vicitims!

I am a Vietnam era veteran.  I enlisted in 1973, retired in 2003 from the reserves.  And I have found out that I do not qualfy for VA benefits because I have worked hard all my life and because of requlations put in place in 2003 and 2009 by the VA with income limits that are un realistic.  If vets can claim benefits because of diabetes or heart decease, even if their family has a history and my benefits and declined because I am healthy something is amiss.  I served as well as anyone.  I expect my benefits and I expect my wife to benefit.  My children are on their own.  If they want benefits let them serve.  I did my time, I expect my reward.  But I guess not anymore.

From an outsider's view I can say that the military is the most embarassing thing about America.  A close second would be their education system (some of their universities are stellar, however).  I have never seen a more unintelligent, disrespectful and immature group of children in my life like the American Marines in Okinawa, Japan.  Japan and other countries don't want your street #$%$, America.  Learn something from your neighbors to the north.

The vets I know are now having cuts in benefits.  They will not be paying out generously...and what they promise can (will) change.

Yet Bush gave billions to banks to spend recklessly in one month alone. Veterans and their families pay a price that money can not compensate. Leave it to a mindless reporter to make a big deal out of years to repay a debt of service to those willing to serve our nation.

The guy in the front row doesn't know the proper salute!!

Obviously the cheaters in this system are taking benefits from the one's who truly need it.

I didn't ask and I'm sure you didn't either for this War, and I don't think we need to pay for iteither. The idiot's that run this Country should pay for it out of their pockets. I think we have paid enough from the deaths of our Fathers, Mothers, Sons, and Daughters over this War.

Empire is a costly business !No matter how much you guys talk about war and it's seem like no one has a clue why Republican presidents always wanted to have a war. Cos war create jobs and no one dare to say no to them not to raise the ceiling debt to pay for the war and if you do you will be called unpatriotic.

It's okay, Obama is going to bring our troops home as soon as he is electe...wait a minute.  He was elected--twice.  So why are our troops still in the Middle East?!!!

Remember, the war on poverty started almost 50 years ago. After almost 50 years, the poor people still haven't learned. Stop being poor!

I still think we should just go back to throwing rocks.

Who in the hell is still alive from the Spanish-American war? Hell WWI for that matter!

I really thought spouse benefits ended if they got remarried.

Read the history of Afghanistan and see what happens to every superpower's economy that makes the mistake of being part of graveyard of empires.

Because it isn't the politician's money, they'll spend all they want.

If we promised something to these people then we should honor it. If we want to change it then do it for future wars. But over $800 per year for two civil war kids is not much at all. Same goes for all wars, most were drafted to fight.

I really fear the day when this house of cards we're building comes tumbling down.Give the bill to #$%$ n bush to pay

AND none of them objected when they got their combat pay,separation pay,etc,etc.The soliders were all suckers.

To: George W. Bush and #$%$ CheneyFrom: Tomas YoungI write this letter on the 10th anniversary of the Iraq War on behalf of my fellow Iraq War veterans. I write this letter on behalf of the 4,488 soldiers and Marines who died in Iraq. I write this letter on behalf of the hundreds of thousands of veterans who have been wounded and on behalf of those whose wounds, physical and psychological, have destroyed their lives. I am one of those gravely wounded. I was paralyzed in an insurgent ambush in 2004 in Sadr City. My life is coming to an end. I am living under hospice care.I write this letter on behalf of husbands and wives who have lost spouses, on behalf of children who have lost a parent, on behalf of the fathers and mothers who have lost sons and daughters and on behalf of those who care for the many thousands of my fellow veterans who have brain injuries. I write this letter on behalf of those veterans whose trauma and self-revulsion for what they have witnessed, endured and done in Iraq have led to suicide and on behalf of the active-duty soldiers and Marines who commit, on average, a suicide a day. I write this letter on behalf of the some 1 million Iraqi dead and on behalf of the countless Iraqi wounded. I write this letter on behalf of us all—the human detritus your war has left behind, those who will spend their lives in unending pain and grief.I write this letter, my last letter, to you, Mr. Bush and Mr. Cheney. I write not because I think you grasp the terrible human and moral consequences of your lies, manipulation and thirst for wealth and power. I write this letter because, before my own death, I want to make it clear that I, and hundreds of thousands of my fellow veterans, along with millions of my fellow citizens, along with hundreds of millions more in Iraq and the Middle East, know fully who you are and what you have done. You may evade justice but in our eyes you are each guilty of egregious war crimes, of plunder and, finally, of murder, including the murder of thousands of young Americans—my fellow veterans—whose future you stole.Your positions of authority, your millions of dollars of personal wealth, your public relations consultants, your privilege and your power cannot mask the hollowness of your character. You sent us to fight and die in Iraq after you, Mr. Cheney, dodged the draft in Vietnam, and you, Mr. Bush, went AWOL from your National Guard unit. Your cowardice and selfishness were established decades ago. You were not willing to risk yourselves for our nation but you sent hundreds of thousands of young men and women to be sacrificed in a senseless war with no more thought than it takes to put out the garbage.I joined the Army two days after the 9/11 attacks. I joined the Army because our country had been attacked. I wanted to strike back at those who had killed some 3,000 of my fellow citizens. I did not join the Army to go to Iraq, a country that had no part in the September 2001 attacks and did not pose a threat to its neighbors, much less to the United States. I did not join the Army to “liberate” Iraqis or to shut down mythical weapons-of-mass-destruction facilities or to implant what you cynically called “democracy” in Baghdad and the Middle East. I did not join the Army to rebuild Iraq, which at the time you told us could be paid for by Iraq’s oil revenues. Instead, this war has cost the United States over $3 trillion. I especially did not join the Army to carry out pre-emptive war. Pre-emptive war is illegal under international law. And as a soldier in Iraq I was, I now know, abetting your idiocy and your crimes. The Iraq War is the largest strategic blunder in U.S. history. It obliterated the balance of power in the Middle East. It installed a corrupt and brutal pro-Iranian government in Baghdad, one cemented in power through the use of torture, death squads and terror. And it has left Iran as the dominant force in the region.

How many American voters stood up and asked their senators and congress people how the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan were going to be paid for?  How many asked why the cost of the wars were kept out of the budget during President Bush's time in office? Most Americans seemed to support the wars, now they have an obligation to pay for them. We can blame Congress, blame the current and past president, blame the Democrats, blame the Republicans, blame Halliburton, blame Osama, blame Barney Frank, blame the rich, blame the poor, but in the end, we the people have to find a way to pay our debts. When you owe more than you take in, you have to cut your spending and increase as best you can, what you take in.  It is way past time for Congress to get off their ideological butts and get started on the long and difficult path to restoring the financial health of this great country.  We owe that to those who died and were wounded in these wars.  We owe it to our children and we owe it to ourselves.  Write your Congress people.  Tell them and keep telling them to compromise and get the job done.

ive worked for nascar..for nine years,,,i was told to keep yall out of the gararge..memorial day...just gens and the goobers that coinded me...but im the one..that let yall in..gate.69..cia gen...fly over guys..

the tea party never says a word about bushes war debts,they love fried snickers and not taking a shower

Politicians sent innocent people to war away from their families then when the wounded come back home nobody in politics care how they live. I'd want to see the politicians children join the war forces and fight to protect their wealth.

send my boys home..drop the bomb...glass..

the first nuke to hit the USA will be a 4 megaton Russian special that ironically will air-bust a mile directly above the US Environmental Protection Agency in Manhattan New Yorkit will kill everything in a 15 mile radius (but not straight away - those between 5 and 15 miles away will die slowly of burns and radiation sickness)the US is going to be nuked - it has it coming - the world hates the USA

We are War lord of world.I agree with you bubba to a degree spousal benefits yes even young children if their mom or dad has passed but generations of people getting paid for wars long over is a waste

Without even getting into the whole 9/11 conspiracy issues...If you just simply follow the money trail of the Iraq War, you will easily find how much of an inside job it really was!

If anyone who knows about the Carlyle Group, and who their guest of honor was at their annual convention on 9/11/2001 should be able to see how much of an inside job this whole 9/11 and Iraq war thing really is.

Bigger government?  You really have to dumb down the American people to sell them that government is the answer.  When the opposite is the solution!!!

What about if Iraqi Dinar revalues ?  Want that help offset the expense ?

This is a fraction of what O'Spendo is wasting!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Wake up America!  $6.5 Trillion more debt in 4 years.  Are you stupid?????

Warren buffet said it best.  This country was never in financial distress when we never had government officials.

No decent jobs anymore in the US. Choice after High school. Join military and have a lifetime of mental or physical disorders, get a student loan and get a worthless degree and hopefully get a job making a measly 30-40 grand a year and spend most of your lifetime paying back the loan. All this to benifit the Zionist Bankers. I laugh everytime I see these young idots so full of optimism because Obami goin to get them through college. What a freakin joke. What awaits them is a dumpy apartment and a job waiting tables or working at a mall.

Global Domination, or Global positioning for future stand offs is why we are still in most places. Wars are not by accident, they are definitive moves to spread our so called Global Army, Hmm what took Rome and Greece thousands of years to do in debilitating their homelands is going to take us less than 250. Any Bets.

This does not mean the Civil War was not worth fighting for FREEDOM of nergos to become AmericansWars are the creation of BANKERS in order to plunge a nation into PERPETUAL DEBT. The ROTHSCHILDS were INFAMOUS for this funding both sides of a conflict and draining both nations of money and sinking them into UN-PAYABLE DEBT. The same bankers are doing the same in america. The past twenty plus years has been one war after another from Iraq to Afghanistan and all the while TRILLIONS are #$%$ AWAY on war, while the US cries about funding education, repairing/building highways, Social Security, Medicare, Minimum Wage etc. Americans are paying the HIGHEST TAXES in the world on everything and all of this money is going to repay debts as far back as the CIVIL WAR???? The new debts from the so called war on terror will be MILLENNIA in time needed to pay them back. Add to this the same bankers have made outsourcing businesses/manufacturing easy to the point america produces nothing BUT DEBT. No jobs equals NO TAXES equals NO REVENUE to pay back past debts. Is america FUQED or what?I am a bit perplexed...How is america still paying people from the Civil War, when the war ended near 150 years ago? Who are these people? Same goes for WWI and WWII..who is still alive getting money? And since america is paying these "DEBTS" why has it not paid the Indigenous People or the African Americans for what is OWED them?

How about the "War on Poverty" that the Dems love to spend trillions on?? Everything is the same as when it started. All that money has pretty much been a waste.  Anybody wounded or disabled while serving in the military should always be taken care of.

This is one of my pet peeves. War means one side wins and one side loses. Ok if there was an agreement to help rebuild then there should be a time limit. Going back to earlier wars, we are still carrying the debt and those countries have been on their feet for a while. Time to let go. Let's keep the money home and put that money to better use like helping our own.

You homophobic baboon #$%$ mutha #$%$ - crawl back in your caves - #$%$

so we are a lot like a big dumb bully at school. we know you are smarter, but our evil strength and ignorant swagger give us the right to push and boss you around as if we have the intelligence... sorta like what religion does to reason and humanity...

The folks who voted for Bush Jr. the second time and his administration should pay for the costs of the Iraq war.

We have not been in a real war in decades. Iraq was more of a high conflict skirmish that allowed for excellent training and new military innovation.

Vets and their familys need to be looked after Congressmen and Senators need to be Hanged yes from the neck from a street light in DC and then we will correct a lot of our problems.

I don't know if you saw the article about how oBama was not born in Hawaii and that there is and never was a birth certificate of oBama being born in Hawaii! And this is what the hospitals in Hawaii are all saying! So now all I can say is why the he!! is he still in office?!

Emotionally or financially?And our great great great great great and so on grand kids will be paying for oBama and his deeds long long after we are all gone!!!

Let me see;  spend billions of dollars, thousands of people deadfrom  arab savages who then attack christians in iraq, oh yeah,sounds like a good idea, all from a war built on lies and georgebush's  john wayne mentality.

They say  that a combat vet will die 10 years sooner that someone that didn't serve, so what is that worth to his family. Maybe the guys who ran off to Canada to avoid the draft should help pay for the ones who served in Nam. We were payed $365 per month to get shot at, I'm sure that made us all rich.!

The number of posts here lead me to believe that most of the people in this country have no concept of the cost of war.  Expenditures in the military defense budget account for more than the next ten countries combined cost of defense.  Including China, who spends around four times less than we do a year to protect us.  Who in their right mind continues to spend money on #$%$ they don't need?  Oh I know... Hoarders.  Who are we defending ourselves from?

We thank GW bush and his cartel for this war with Iraq!

maybe if we were stripping all the wealth for ourselves from these lands we invade it would be worth it. Oh wait we probably do but who do u suppose benefits? Not the American people.

It's not like paying it off will be the only option for long, a good devaluation of our currency or even a nice long depression might be the only way out. ORRRR!! we could establish a new centralized bank by creating something similar to the European union by removing the borders between mexico and canada, you know, so we can start a new currency and live to fail another day XpBUT!! china who hold about 25% of our debt won't be happy and they got an army!!!! they got improved counterfeit migs and all the beans!!

God Bless China , so the U.S. can buy the best weapons money can buy

It's weapons of mass destruction, no it's about freedom, no it's total #$%$!!

well were still paying for ww1 and 2thats why i quit paying taxes in the 90's.........they just waste it anyway......or give it out in monthly reperations.......

All politicians give their pay up every other year for the next twenty years on top of Mr. and Mrs. taxpaying citizen.

What benefits guys get for doing an outstanding job and just coming back home and being productive starting businesses and families? All the while these PTSD cases get a monthly check for basically being weak in the mind. I am not asking for anything other than to stop the insanity of giving to the undeserving.

the black said he would close Guantanamo Bayanother lie from the evil black

As long as the politicians hold stock in companies that profit from war and continue receiving massive campaign contributions from these contractors ( Lockheed, Northrop, Boeing, Raytheon, General Dynamics, KBR, Haliburton..etc etc etc ), we will continue having these wars..Both republicans and democrats are guilty of "warmongering 4 money".Add to all of the above, the fact that there's a considerably large segment of our population who get all warm and fuzzy inside when they see our troops killing those "evil Muslims" and believe a world at war will bring Jesus back sooner ( "biblical end time prophecy" .."the rapture"...etc )..and you have the perfect formula for perpetual war. Of course the religious and somewhat racist aspect of all the "warring" is diminishing due to the fact the younger generation isn't very religious and is less prone to racism than previous generations ( like mine for example..). As a famous Marine general once said " War Is A Racket".

At the end of the chain, someone's pocket is getting fat and as long as some people's pocket are getting fatter, I am afraid this won't stop.

Those elites always wants the war,they profit from that and of course the "Heroes" will pay for their lives. Wake up sheeple!!!

I can see paying the spouse. Even the kids until they are 18. But I'm pretty sure the people receiving benefits from the Civil War do not fit into either of those categories.

historically we have been paying our debt since world war II.we started nation building in post-nazi germanythe reason why the soviets collapsed is because we out spent them.

How about we stop invading and occupying foreign nations and focus on defending our own country. Military service should be a requirement at 18 for everyone. If we build our military to be defenders rather than invaders then there should be no complaint about mandatory military service.The government is still making monthly payments to relatives of Civil War veterans — 148 years after the conflict ended? There should be a statute of limitation on the Civil War and others this old. I am sure all the immediate next of kin and history by now.

my question is why  are we paying to relatives of the civil war veterans i dont get it?An Associated Press analysis of federal payment records found that the government is still making monthly payments to relatives of Civil War veterans — 148 years after the conflict ended

How about all those children of vets from all wars who suffer because of their father's PTSD. They get nothing but a life of turmoil because of their father's sacrifice. The cost is in more than dollars. War is evil.

Living vet's should be taken care of by the government and country they fought for.  Survivorsof veterans should be taken care of for a set amount of time.  Wars fought over 100 yearsago, especially if it is payouts to survivors should cease.  (sorry)  Living vet's from theseconflicts over 100 years ago should be taken care of.  How long is the government to beheld responsible for support of survivors who survived the war's 100 years or further into the past?

Great vision  you leaders    You who have never been to war I  Why have you been so ignorant of the true cost? where will justice ever happen?

C'mon, Haliburton and their ilk need their pound of flesh. Stop picking on the job creators

But, wait Paul Ryan says its medicare, and social security that's a drain on the economy.

This wasn't a war. It was political bs. In war there are no rules. Has not been a war since WWII.

Hey US government, don't stop now, slap another war on the American people. They don't mind! If you can push your debts on to generations that don't exist yet it's not your problem.

The answer to this article is ( when capitalism dies ) war will stop until then Wall Street decides when and where to go to war all the presidents do is fart off their mouth full of lies as to why we have to send our brave men and woman to fight.So,let me get this straight, if the costs cited in the article are correct, then nobody should complain about entitlements and advocate war in the same sentence! Pretty clear to me!

Ive said negative things about America....But America as a nation i love, the idea i love. You cant be mad at the ideas and principles in which this nation was formed upon. Even though America hasnt always lived up to its constitution...This nation has gave birth to just about everything...Only other coutry that can claim to have attributed so much to modern mankind technology wise is Nazi germany. Von braun and rocket ships, to jets and so much more. Its really sad how bad America has become. Greed is such a terrible thing...I as a black man often have animosity towards America, but its never been this nation, but the people. I love the concept and if it came down to it id only fight for this nation because i know what any intruder would do to our young ones..Black,white,hispanic,asian etc.

the cost of war, any war, should not be based on money alone.

Well if we have policies that pay family members 100 years after a war then it is our own fault because our leaders are idiots.  How about stop paying people's family.

War costs money.  What are your freedoms worth?  Remember 9/11 when the nation was unprepared for an attack?  It will happen again, too.  The NK's and Iranians are in bed together.

This is hopeless. We continue to whine about the war and deflate and disgrace the service and sacrifice of our vets who had skin in the game.  Does this whining of the cost make us feel better for not having the nads to serve? Why do we do this to our generations of war vets time and time again?! Maybe its because it makes us feel better for not going and maybe it is an excuse.  Words are causing the PTSD.  Think before you blubber.

When our soldier's go off to war wal street and the fed bank love it .The Fed bet's on our own soldier's like they bet on the forclosure crisis.We dont know cause our stupid congress cant audit the fed.In WW1 we did not need to get involved with a franco prussian war ,however we were dragged in by wall street and the new fed bank created by the fed act of 1913 that enpowered those jewish banker's of yesterday and today.We created ww2 by screwing the germans's thru the league of nation's in ww1, you got a very #$%$ off adolph hitler and the rest is history, again not our war.The korean war and the vietnam war can be argued as being politicall war's without the #$%$ #$%$ polititian's who dont send there kids off to war ,but will send your's for a profit.We did a coup de gra on an Iranian president and installed The sha of Iran and now they hate us I wonder why?But here is my point, dumb #$%$ bush send's  our troops to Iraq on our taxdollar's my money and your's and we should have been paying 50 cent's for gasoline in America .Nope it had the opposite effect we paid 4 to 5 dollars at the pump.Who owe's the American taxpayer? From a historical view, we dont owe anybody nothing, They owe us for their freedom if that's what they call it in Iraq.That's our oil, we gave you your freedom you owes us the oil.I dont care what the chinnesse say.Ask Napoleon how its done Ask hitler,charlemange, Henry the fowler!!They all laugh at your dumb #$%$ Bush, you worthless fed bank, saudi royal family,knight in the queens court kiss #$%$.The corporations ,the jewish owned fed, politicians,all make a big profit of our brave men and women shame on you!!!The world owe's us it's about time they start paying us back!!!

it sounds like you would rather have the vets die than pay there disability.

Alan Simpson, a former Republican senator and veteran who co-chaired President Barack Obama's deficit committee in 2010, said government leaders working to limit the national debt should make sure that survivors of veterans need the money they are receiving."Without question, I would affluence-test all of those people," Simpson said.So........the benefits one is presented with while doing their duty and upon it's completion, would be subject to review to evaluate need? Anyone else have issue with that concept?

We clearly see who cause this debt!Assuming that we should be fighting another war pretty soon with North Korea, we will hopefully eliminate our War debts approximately 2 weeks before our Sun runs out of Hydrogen fuel.

no new wars till the old ones are paid for in full

The Iraq war was nothing but a "Money Maker" for the rich and the oil tycoons.   Do you think our government really gave a s,h,i,t, about how the people over there were being mistreated by Saddam Hussein?  If you believe that I got a bridge I'll sell you.  That war was over oil and issue of it's pricing.  There are many other countries where people are being mistreated and killed by dictators.  The US doesn't care about those people because their countries don't have oil.  The American people are the most naive humans on this earth.  There were no nuclear weapons in Iraq.  The ad-visors even told Bush that.  Oil is why that war was started.  But the Government lied to the American public so the boys would feel like they were fighting for a good cause. If they knew it was over oil they wouldn't have volunteered to go over there. Anyone that doesn't realize this is either more naive than a kindergartener or boderline brain dead.

These slave soldiers are pawns

If I ever did business with anyone connected to a known terrorist, I would go to jail, probably for the rest of my life.So how does anyone explain the Bush family being business partners with the Bin Laden family?

How is 40% of all of our government debt owed to the Federal Reserve?I thought that was supposed to be a "government" bank, and not private?If it is truly a government bank that would mean that "We the people" own that bank and all the money associated with it. The only logical way that we owe anything to the FED would be because its a private entity and not federal.

Those useless, unnecessary wars will cost the US for the next 100 years.  They just ruined the economy to the point where there is no fix in site.   If they don't stop throwing money away for no reason and helping everyone but their own people, the US will be bankrupt soon. Our government is a JOKE.  They are going to bury this country in debt and watch it go down and no longer be a world power.  Watch and see.

YES................A typical liberal complaint..........the fact is these men that were killed and or wounded protecting your rights and freedom so you can express your opinion, albeit is your mamby pamby whinning crybaby azz liberals way.............these men deserve to be cared for and compensated for their ultimate sacrifice..................but leave it up to you libbies to complain......will you all just die off plz?

An American war is a war declared by congress not some #$%$ off President or senator which think we should get envole cause it well create jobs and boost the econmey or something. What these war produce is death for our young men and woman and a whole lot od debt which we cant get out of so in the sence of the word..your killing me

why in the world are we paying for all this stupid war stuff ?i can see paying the vet. and his wife and kids borned before the war injury. but i can not see paying for the kids after they turn 18 , or if the wife has remarried after the vet. has died. if the wife can not work because of taking care of her husband she deserves a check. but say after 5 years after the vet. dies she should not get a check. if the vet. dies in combat she should get a check to help her restart her life for say 5 years and the kids should also get a check to help feed, house, and clothe them.i know war is not cheap but some of this spending needs to be stopped.Stop spending billions on fighters were not using and take care of our boys and girls who make the sacrifice. And lets make sure those billions go to we're their really needed

Just like every thing else with our government. We are all in debt for 10 lifetimes.

What benefits do me or my fellow Marines get for doing an outstanding job and just coming back home being productive starting businesses and families? All the while these PTSD cases get a monthly check for basically being weak in the mind. I am not asking for anything other than to stop the insanity of giving to the undeserving.

@jennifer...wow someone who thinks like me.  You are absolutely correct.

Where are the stories of the millions of people given a chance at life because of America's wars? Where are the stories of Tyrants and Dictators takin down and stopped from murdering their own people and comitting genocide? Where are the stories of how our wars have preserved our way of life and the uncountable amount of freedom we have brought to ourselves and the world?

Enlist, enslave, impoverish: the methods used by the elite to retain and grow their empire. Government, wars, and centralized banks are the tools.

Cost of loosing a child in the war? Not repayable. Hey! Here's an idea. Maybe those guys who made out big time because of the war (you know...Bush et al) could chip in and help out a little. Might be a good investment for them because THE KARMA COPS are right around the corner and they are not very happy with those boys!

Don't forget the additional cost of rebuilding the infrastructure that we tore up during these wars

Costs of wars! Nearly one trillion dollars are wastefully spent away yearly on (so-called) defense &amp; security related matters. Native American people, the rightful owners of American Continent, where USA&amp;Canada alone is plundering more oil than SaudiArabia&amp;Kuwait output, over﻿ $3 BILLION﻿ daily, as native people remain poorest citizens on their own land.Before Europeans came,Native population in North&amp;South America Continent was 15 millions; European population in Europe was 30 millions.Today, native population at 30 million and Europeans at 1 BILLION! [Google 'sicko uncle Sam' at forum]

Income tax, which is unconstitutional (tax on our personal labor) was to pay for world war two."NUFF SAID"How about we count the largest cost to America from the Civil war?  That was when Lincoln woke up from a three day drunken stupor and said......."I freed who"? Now that turned into a big cost huh folks?!

Actually, America will not have to worry very long about paying for the wars of the last 2 decades.  America will be bankrupt in 20 to 30 years maximum.  America has waited too long to try to fix its financial woes.  Even if the best financial policies are implemented today, the best we could hope for is to delay the inevitable.

useful idiots

THANK THE JEW SLAVE MASTERS!!!!!!!

There was an interview done on George Bush by Matt Lauer after Iraq. George said he regretted (smirk) not finding weapons of mass destruction. When asked about an apology to the people he said "I think that would be sending a wrong message" (food 4 thought)

Stop giving 100 billion a year to Israel and 20 billion a year to egypt so they wont kick Israels #$%$ would be a good start.

new claims by vets in most recent conflics higher rate than previously, they were raise to think of themselves as deserving something for  nothing and the media raves about how sad they all are, ccommitting suiside at unprecedented rates, why?  too much television

i support our men &amp; women overseas, but not the war itself

unless we stop the war for one year!!! one year only!!!we could send every child to college for free with the money we spend in one year of war!!our war budget doubles each year, as our education plumets... if you look more into this, you can blame religion for a lot of this. religion allows you to feel as tho your leader are men of god, therfore you let them control and take advantage of you because you refuse yo look deeper into how globel oppression has worked since the biblical days... the elites killed the god you think you worship today, and hide him inside launguage and philosophy. read all the bibles, all the philosophy of man, all the languages of government and laws and corporations. the elites have made false gods of corporations, and you worship them without even knowing it. please actually read your bible, (only 10% of christians have) stop allowing your religion to keep you ignorant. and honor your god by learning the truth about him. your god will not send me to hell for my search of truth and spreading of that truth, but he will send you to hell for your ignorance.... deism&lt;3

Who is profitting the most from this so-called war?Haliburton - which Cheney used to be CEO of...Carlyle Group - Which is the parent company of Haliburton, and George Bush Sr was the Senior Advisor of the Carlyle Group, and on 9/11/2001 the Carlyle Groups guest of honor at their annual convention just so happened to be Safeg Bin Laden, Osama's brother!Bechtel - Based in California and they just so happened to get a $10 million investment from the Bin Laden family prior to 9/11.If you cant see the inside job on this then you are really slow in the head!Living, Civil War beneficiary?......Now we know some of the reasons why our government is dysfunctional when it comes to common sense money issues.

Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld and the rest of the neocons should be executed for war crimes.

The cost of war can never be truly accounted for

SHAME, SHAME, SHAME !!! :o(  Let's REBUILD AMERICA'S INFRA-STRUCTURE IN ALL 50 STATES NOW !!! TURN SWORDS INTO PLOWSHARES MR./MRS. POLITICIAN !!! THE BLOOD IS ON YOUR HANDS !!! REPENT !!! "Those that forget the past, shall be condemned to repeat it".................

An "affluence-test"?  Are you kidding me.So my Dad's death in Korea, because I'm highly compensated for my work, is worthless compared to a hand-to-mouth worker that also lost his/her father in service to our country. I used my check to go to school and succeed, he used his to party or otherwise.  How is an affluence-test fair?

Don't the surviving members of the War of Independence deserve anything?

inflation will pay for this...not good

So what is new--history shows every great nation\power dismantled thenselves thru military adventures\spending====

polititions are the ones that started these wars, why not make them pay for some of it. Take half of their pay and benefits and apply it to the vets. The vets were doing their duty as they were mostly drafted and forced into it. The polititions are doing nothing but bleeding this country dry..

let me guess? Obama's fault?More wars than  all  country's  combined.

It is unfair for me to have to pay for a war that I didn't want in the first place and felt was unnecessary....and, as it turned out, was unjustified....

Now the government is over paying veterans .  A list over paying other country with taxes payer money then being over charge by military contractors . The  biggest problem for this government is fraud and they never get the money back only a small % lol....

America will be paying for the wars as long as there is one veteran still alive

They all new the cost before going into war so why bring it up now.  It's too late.  The legacy costs of wars has always been a problem and now it is left to the next generation to deal with.  It will be part of the nation's debt for a long time.  Perhaps thinking before doing would have helped.  Yet, the neo-con don't mind it because they don't make the sacrifices that soldiers and their family do.

war it's fantastic

Forever....WAR is PEACE.....

Looks like we love wars. If we don't, then what the hell were we thinking when the decision was made to go to war?

Every time we supposedly win a war we rebuild there infrastructure and make them better off then before the war. Telling a country the US is taking them to war is to the point its welcomed. Think about it

forever and ever!there's no price for democracy. if a nation has to be destoyed it shall be done. USA! USA! USA!

As a factual note - no prominent Republicans who are now shouting at the top of their lungs about deficits and the extreme danger that supporting our government programs were vocalizing about the abject waste of billions to trillions of dollars dumped into these wars of choice without finding any way to pay for them.   Why wasn't the war deficit which was clear and obvious such a critical priority then?   It seemed perfectly fine to run up the debt on those endeavors which pumped cash into the defense industry like it was cheap beer but now it's imperative to cut programs.  Hm.

LET US REJOICE! The US military is the biggest JOKE in the history of the world! Trained murders and rapers are considered heros by mindless rubes!!!! You will all burn in the darkest depths of hell for your crimes along with the murders, rapists (that aren't religious figures), homosexuals, and minority bums!!! There is still hope for people who shun this behavior. By going to church and donating to that church (or religious minister), God will welcome your generous souls to heaven and live in peace for the rest of your days. And if you are some liberal homosexual who actually does support our troops, then you can lick my white Christain nuts!! God bless, my children.

Who cares my priority is to pay as little taxes as possible, the country is northern Mexico now

Yeah but will not be as long as PAYING FOR OBAMACARE!!!!!!

WAR!  Some people just don't know how to keep their hands to themselves!

And how long will we have to keep sending Christians to stop mouse-lems from killing mouse-lems. Thousands of moue-lems kill each other everyday in libya, egypt, somolia, yemen, iraq, syria, afghnistan, pakistan, , lebanon. Did I leave any country out?

with man on small boy military forced #$%$ man boy  american will alos contune to pay in prestige    --------------and use of mouth on calif tv-----------------pay in full as always make it cash

How about all the veterans from the war on drugs?

I remember the vice president saying it would only cost a couple of million dollars for the war. I guess he meant a couple of million dollars for ever!The day the 99% decide to say NO to war, that's when the wars will stop.

Concerns about paying out the men we poisoned with agent orange...what a bunch of BS...good friend of mine, had that stuff sprayed over them daily when he did his two tours of Nam, and it ended up giving him heart disease by the age of 34..sheesh.

WOW, how are we STILL paying for Civil War receipiants? Shouldnt this just be paid off an done with and what happen when in the late 90s we were at a SURPLUS and had no debt?

US is the new Britain. Needs nothing short of a miracle to recuperate.

It is time for this Nation to become a Pacifist and protect their shores only instead of fighting other Nation's Wars...........!  Because that is taking away a lot from their own Citizens......!

Funny the only thing people care about is the financial aspect. And for that, I hope we continue to pay for a long time since we don't seem to appreciate our military.

It's a war on the American taxpayer.

It seems we have not yet learned from our mistakes. The american people don't send our troops to war our elected officials are the ones that send our troops to war. The elected officials are the problem and we the american people have yet to fix it. The next war that this country needs is getting these certain elected officials out of the white house.

Obama is the financial Burden we will be dealing with for generations.

Thanks BushWe have plenty of money to pay our military anything they need.....anytime.Stop the trillions we give other countries and remove the u.n.!!Our GREAT COST will be Obama...not the military!!

“We would rather fall in love but they force us to rise in hateDear God, they kill Muslims all over the world, will they ever quit?I am nostalgic, I am sad, I can’t help but frownHow peaceful the world was before their interference, I wish their warships drownThey kill indiscriminately some time by bomb some time by drone strikeDammit! It’s all so horribly real, not a game of ‘Counter strike’!They kill mercilessly and the victims are represented as villainsBut how can they live in peace after taking the lives of civilians?They rape innocent girls, dreaming of becoming princessWhat rotten crisis has been imposed on us!The terror, the horror, the destruction of warDestroyed dreams, forgotten memories, and it’s still not overI wish they had some conscience, some sense of guiltI wish they would leave us be so that we try to rebuiltThose destroyed dreams, those forgotten memoriesThose broken houses, those shelters, those sanctuariesThe gardens where children will playThe colonies where corpse doesn’t decayWhen will their conscience come to our aid?When will their ignorant hatred fade?When will they learn to be fair?When will they genuinely care?For the weak, for the oppressed, for the less privilegedThose children who once lived in happy homes, but now live in orphanagePlease research about us and know wellOur hatred is not for all, just the cruelLearn to love us and you will receive more love than you phantomCome as civilians, come as friends to our lands and you’re still welcome”

Stop killing Muslims please... ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!!!

Sounds like they are trying to make a case to justify the use of drones and cyborg units to fight the wars of the future.

I have no problem taking care of our Soldiers and thier families.  That is the one mandate the Federal Government does have, National Security.  If we did away with the bogus entitlement programs, we would have plenty of money for the true HEROS who deserve to be taken care of.

To pay the price now or later is still a better choice than being made to speak German or Russian, Japanese or Chinese; or worse becoming an oil slave. The choice is not yours but for the generations to come. It is worth to bring the war far from your backyard than in your house. Of course, we are not the perfect country, some bad decisions made from bad politicians for the next generation to pay. Too bad hah, does it get you yet?

USA borrows trillions of money from China to murder people in the Middle East and the East.... Lousy losers...

The cost goes far deeper than just money...Way to go war hungy R] e]- d,\n] e -]c,] k]- s!!!Somebody messes with you then just kill em all!!  That's great logic.  Im sure you think you're "saved" and call yourselves christians too....so blind

republicans killed people by the thousands and have thrown us into debt for the rest of our lives.Thanks, gop.

Thanks Bush/Cheney. Thanks a lot. Not only did you go to war without congress approval, you ruined the nation for generations. You should be tried, convicted, and hanged.IT ALL OBAMA WELFARE PROGRAM NOT THE MILITARY THAT COST SO MUCH!The government spent approximately $1.03 trillion on 83 means-tested federal welfare programs in fiscal year 2011 alone — a price tag that makes welfare that year the government’s largest expenditure, according to new data released by the Senate Budget Committee.The total sum taxpayers spent on federal welfare programs was derived from a new Congressional Research Service (CRS) report on federal welfare spending — which topped out at $745.84 billion for fiscal year 2011 — combined with an analysis from the Senate Budget Committee staff of state spending on federal welfare programs (based on “The Oxford Handbook of State and Local Government Finance”), which reached $282.7 billion in fiscal year 2011.The data excludes spending on Social Security, Medicare, means-tested health care for veterans without service-connected disabilities, and the means-tested veterans pension program.According to the CRS report, which focused solely on federal spending for federal welfare programs, spending on federal welfare programs increased $563.413 billion in fiscal year 2008 to $745.84 billion in fiscal year 2011 — a 32 percent increase.Further, spending on the 10 largest federal welfare programs has doubled as a share of the federal budget in the last 30 years: In inflation-adjusted dollars, according to the Senate Budget Committee, the amount spent on these programs has increased 378 percent in that 30 year time frame.CRS reports that food assistance programs — the third largest welfare category behind health and cash assistance — experienced the greatest increase in spending, with 71 percent more spending in 2011 than in 2008. The agency explained that this spending increase was largely due to the growth in the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or Food Stamps.CRS further noted that the largest expenditure category, health, was 37 percent higher in fiscal year 2011 than fiscal year 2008. In that same period, cash aid increased 12 percent, education assistance increased 57 percent, housing and development assistance increased 2 percent, social services increased 3 percent, employment and training remained the same (though fluctuated in intervening years), and energy assistance was 67 percent higher in fiscal year 2011 than fiscal year 2008. CRS said futher expectations of Obamacare would literally bankrupt the country in 10 years!

what thefu--k..paying out bennies after the guy who friggin fought died...how bout just one lump sum payment.end of story..and i bet a few of the really long ago wars are friggin frauds who have played the system like a fu---ng fiddle and like illegals taking welfare no one looks into the book to see if the cover and the story match.no wonder taxes are high and the citizens mistrust..

And what are the costs of entitlements? People are taking more than what they put in. You have people out there who think they are entitled to the next generation's money.

On the bright side, I get this big stupid hat!

How long will we be paying for wars?  As long as the Republicans are in power.

What a load of drizzle.  The corporate enterprise known as the United States is bankrupt and it has been bankrupt since the Civil War.  The only reason there is a government is because its propped up by the PONZI SCHEME known as the Federal Reserve Bank and their FIAT money printing.When Reagan took office the money supply exploded and the U.S. has been in an endless stream of wars to maintain or increase its hegemony over the world.  Confessions of an economic hitman explains how the each war begins as a hostile corporate action then progresses to assassination attempts then onto invasions.We have the FED bankers and their QE to infinity to thank for it all.  And, Nixon as well.

WWII, Korea, Vietnam I understand but any thing before that is wasting taxpayer money. If the US is paying relatives before WWII then we need to change the laws. I don't believe there are any WWI vets still alive. Wake Up America the taxpayer are getting ripped off again and I am tired of paying taxes when those in charge of it allow it to be wasted.

And Obamacare cost how much?

well since we still paying for Civil war..who is going to pay for Barney Franks and Chris Dodds fiasco?

Good thing we keep fighting so you can write articles like this.  Freedom isn't free Mike, or maybe they didn't teach you that where you went to school.why didn't he report on the cost of service members benefits that only served in peacetime?  Because that doesn't further this author's agenda

but we got the weapons of mass destruction, right?

Word has it Iran is next.  Start packing the kids bags America they may be gone a while.

In the two hundred years before Ronald Reagan the entire accumulated debt of all of our previous presidents amounted to 909.1 Billion dollars.By the time that Ronald Reagan left office in 1988 the National Debt was 2,601.3 Billion or 2.6 Trillion. In just eight years Ronald Reagan had more than doubled what all the previous presidents from Washington through Carter had accumulated in the prior 200 years.Then came  George W. Bush whose major policies increased the debt by more than $5 trillion during his presidency.Then came Bill Clinton who gave us the best economy ever since the great depression .By the time he left office,there was a surplus of half a trillion dollars in the federal government coffers.Then came the other Bush who took the country to two wars that were costly in lives and money and left office with the worst economy since the great depression.But thank God we have President Obama who is doing his best to put America back on track.History will judge him favorably and He'll be recognised as one of the best presidents ever.

"How Long Will America Keep Paying For Its Wars" Til Jesus Comes Back, you really didn't know? Somebody better get prayed up!

KICK OUT THE #$%$ IN OFFICE!!!!!!!!

War is just another welfare program for millions of people, why the hell else would a democratic president be so timid in cutting one penny from the military budget?

Lets beat up the old King George the First (the old Bush president), 1990 Persian Gulf war benefits costing 12B a year that translates to 276 BILLION, for who knows how long and not costing the actual war effort.He must be so of his son King George the Second who invaded two countries costing 2.3 T as in trillion on the war effort to date plus the benefits for who knows how long.STOP THE WARS.

Why the hell are paying for the Spanish-American War and WWI? Not a single veteran from those wars is alive today! Even for WWII it's outrageous considering even the youngest veteran is now an dependent.

NO WAY.  I BLAMA OBAMA FOR THIS.why pay the wives for 50 years after ? no wonder we are broke

DEMOCRATS are responsible for the wars?..you gotta be kidding! Where were you when Lil' Bush pulled his hoax on the people of this country? He's still floating around with that idiotic smirk on his face,trying to rationalize why he can't 'fess up to his mess.

g.bush,1999,"he tried to kill my daddy"

Stop complaining about paying for the wars that protect our country.  That is what they are their for.Stop paying outrageous amounts to congress, presidents, Senators etc.  Also what we need to question is why do football players, baseball players, and basket ball payers millions of dollars and under $100,000 a year to our service men that are protecting our country.

When the american government has exhausted all american's 401's then it will go the way of cypress and still print money to support it's illegal causes  to take and do what it pleases.

36,000 americans in the korean war 98% of the people never heard of thewar. thanks a lot

I don't know about you.....but it looks a HELL of a lot better now!!!!

all those veterans need to get up their #$%$ and find work just like an average american does specially during hard economic times like what we're going through right now !!

Most of these guys are a bunch of frauds trying to milk the system and Tax payers. My dad was a true patriot who never did.Our country cannot afford to pay freeloaders who do not want a job.

Message to all you Republican supporters out there.  Why is America in such deep, deep economic doo-doo?  Answer:  $6 trillion spent on the useless, senseless Iraq war that your boy Bush lied us into.  Bush wanted to be a big man, he had a kissing relationship with the Saudis and an even more intimate relationship than that to the big oil and financial scam/stock companies.  Republicans with Bush/Cheney in charge drove America off the cliff.  More than a million died, many more wounded and suffering, economic and human carnage on an epic scale.  A vote for Republican is a vote for death, lies, economic ruin and pure evil.How long will Americans pay for obamas wars?

Make Iraq and Afghanistan help pay for this. We rescued Iraq from Saddam and Afghanistan from the Taliban. What they do now to develop a democracy or dictatorship, deal with the Taliban, and any other issues is up to them. The behavior of their citizens is what wounded our citizens (military personnel) and thus they should help compensate our wounded.

I here a lot of this #$%$ about how vets fought to protect my freedom. That is horseshit. Since the end of WWII not a single us soldier has died protecting America's freedom. Panama, Iraq, Grenada, Vietnam were threats to our freedom? If you believe that you are to stupid to have freedom.

The Marxist Dicktator Obama's Agenda.. will cost this country much much much more than any war.

didnt #$%$ obama say he was going to stop the war his first year in office....hey #$%$ what cha waitin on

and who will pay all this?as you can see the repulicans have it planed out.cut social security,and medicare.while lineing there pockets with there increased profits from not giveing back there temerary tax break.IT IS THEM THAT IS THE CAUSE OF OUR FINANIAL TROUBLES.first off who put us in that unnesesary war,with his lies and half truths?of course that would be bush the republican,I rest my case.

how long will it take to pay off the national debt?

Send Bush and Cheney to prison for 100 years.

We will never   get them paid for  if we keep  hiring idiots to run our country into the ground.It would  be  a good idea to  have a comander in chief  that has a military  background,is american citizen,and  does  not have  the gift  to gab. Especially  one that is willing to  continue to  run  the country  so  deep  we will never  see the light  of day.It makes me wonder if we are even  americans  anymore.

Send the  $ 12 Billion a year Cost for first Iraq War, second Iraq War, and Afganistan failure to get Bin Laden and staying too long.......  To George W BUSH !relatives of the Spanish American and the Cival War are getting payements.  Are  you kidding.  This is totally uncalled for.  Stop this nonsence.  They shouldnt be getting anything.  They probably couldnt even tell you anything about those wars.  People iving on sreets and the government is paying people for someone they dont even know.  Change the law

I find it strange when the last known WW1 Vet died last year that the government is still paying to survivors of the Civil war and the Spanish American War! what the hells going on here? Are we paying to great,great,great grandchildren? I've got 30 years in the service and I know once my wife dies that's pretty much it. Didn't anyone catch that?

A few drops in the bucket compared to all the entitlements.

The cost of our wars is another reason we need to make sure the wealthy, who profit dearly from the wars, are paying dearly for them. But, it doesn't look like they want to pay for what they profited. 14% tax base and less doesn't pay the reaper.

Send your sons and daughters to die, waste trillions of dollars, destroy countless infrastructure, and then cut social security and everything else. Great job.

From Iraq, I say congratulations to the United States for having genius leaders that are driving the country to the cliff!

Finally an article about the true costs of twelve years of war. My children all their young lives, know only a nation at war. All children twelve and under know only a nation at war.

who do we owe for the civil war?

Screw your worthless money. Put it where your mouth is so I can shove it down your throat.

Sad, so sad. The baby doomers (the worst generation in the history of US) has completely destroyed this countryso where  the  Tea Party fit  in here? where are all the Pride Republicans who   love the  wars  ?

Just end welfare problem solved.  Next time I see somebodys hand out it better have a shovel in it

It's being said oBama might get a 3rd turm in our White House! And if you love this country, That should scare the #$%$ out of you! It dose me!!!!   IMPEACH oBama NOW!!!

All these dog'gon phony bloney wars....

A country of war mongrels...oh well I still like the US slutz.

trudeau its 5000 clown and viet nam was not started by a lying troll and a murdering old fart get your facts straight before you make yourself look so stupid

so what.. it is the american way to borrow and then cancel it bankruptcy.

Hurry up and get all the Vets home so they can get a job at WalMart and help pay for it!

People are still receiving Civil War benefits???  That's a joke, right?

Who really cares, freedom isn't free!There are 4 kinds of men in the military: 1) Can't find a real job 2) family tradition 3) gun nut 4) Do 20 yrs and suck on the taxpayer's titz for the rest of their miseable life. LOSERZ

All in a days work for the "government" that sent us all over the world to fight these wars!!!

Have the Vietnam Vetunaffected by Agent Orange put in a huge lawsuit against Monsanto and Dow Chemicals yet?

Beyond the blood and tears, the $$'s depends on whether the actions were Allied or UN sanctioned.  If yes, then the USA only pays a fraction and makes a profit. Why do you think they always go for UN sanction first, and then do it so enthusiastically?

If anything we should avoid going through another war. If we do now it's going to change everything.

I knew we were still paying for the civil war, they are called welfare checks they go to all kinds of #$%$, so instead of being free labor they suck the system brilliant

Doesn't this tell you something on how our tax money is just FU__ING WASTED Were paying familys of veterans that served in the war of northern aggression WHY? What possible reason could there be? .As for the cost of the other wars ant they just like DUMMERS 17 trillion debt that's going to be left for our kids to pay for isn't that his an the lefts idea to saddle them with all of it? Iam sure they wont care .Is it because the left thinks war is evil an wrong that they want to point out that cost but think nothing of the cost of there GREAT SOCIETY.You know the one that depends on the govt for everything like welfare food stamps some kind of govt aid for there schools for there kids an free lunches an breakfast books  then there medical care dential eye.Now is this a great society or WHAT?

wawa.....

The game is rigged folks.our brave troops are only fighting for corrupt rich old men who want to dominate the world. you think the people in the middle east really need us to help them? if anything their land is destroyed because of the war. but the corporate elite do need money, and will do anything to keep it.

We'll be paying a lot longer for Obama than these dam wars.....reckles war reckles  expenses.or would u prefer ur solders to be killed instead of being paid compansation or benefits for surviving? when u prize something u ought to pay for it.

Obama you dumb Liberal! Bring the troops home you war monger! Only Liberal leaders like Obama love to invade instead of defend and watch our soldiers die. These Democrats need to go. They are taking our freedoms away. Patriot Act to eavesdrop and invade your privacy, Trillions in debt from the war, housing crash, unemployment, war and dead, injured soldiers, etc... Get them home! Democrat Party and Liberals should be outlawed! God, If Romney or McCain won there would of been no debt, more jobs, no outsourcing!!!

trudeau just the fact that your playing the liberal whine game shows your another typical g.o.p coward who never served and the only truth you know is what you mindlessly gleam from clusterfox noise.

I agree.  Wars are cheap compared to ObamaCare!

How long will we be paying on excessive entitlement programs that pander to the Great American Couchslug?

Just to prove my point. If the US military got rid of their sweet "Do 20yr then get pension for Life" scam, nobody will stay in the military. I guarantee it.

Who are we kidding here??? the costs of the wars---not to mention the corporate war-profiteering that accompanied them---will eventually be socialized in higher taxes, and a cut-back in Medicare/Medicaid and Social Security, that's how things work here in America---or should I say  SCAM-erica???  The public was fed a steady stream of lies about the pretexts for both Iraq and Afghanistan...and now we are priming the same public for an Iran-strike because Israel is demanding we do it.  The beneficiaries are always the corporate sectors and the elite network of elected officials whose interests they represent...its all about oil---who controls oil controls the levers of power...Bush/Cheney and the Obama chimp ran up one helluva debt, but not to worry, Americans are sufficiently dumb enough to pick it up over the next several decades....sigh

100 Hell that aint nothing Were be paying for Obama's debt for 500 Why dont you report that you anti american pig

"An Associated Press analysis of federal payment records found that the government is still making monthly payments to relatives of Civil War veterans — 148 years after the conflict ended."and YET Blacks are STILL suffering from the effects of SLAVERY (and media brainwashing)and the minute REPERATIONS is mentioned.NON-Blacks and Blacks who HATE other blacks scream-HEC NO!

These Two Wars was over oil and the protection of Saudia Arabia, a new pipeline needed to be built ,and by the blood of the American Troops(GOD BLESS EACH ONE), two oil tycoons that left office got what they wanted. As far as cost , a lot of lives dead ,and alive, and they'll receive there cut in pay and benefits as soon as possible granted by Government and The President.If it wasn't for Bush we would be speaking Iraqi. He saved America from being invaded by Saddam and Iraq with the weapons of mass destruction. We are safer now. Those Iraqi 9/11 hijackers failed. We stopped them. Liberals like Obama are bringing on debt and America down. Outlaw these liberals and make the Democratic Party illegal. Hopefully this happens in 2016 when Republicans take back the White House from these monkeys!!!

Its funny how they figured out the length and depth of cost of wars, but what about the lost war on poverty which gave us several generations of non producers and a bottomless pit to throw money into instead of helping vets!

Its worth every penny you numb nuts!!!Imagine if islam were let to fester!! your mama be worshipping that goat rapist mohd and sucking on arab junk by now fool!!!

Bush / Cheney war mistakes will be forgotten:  Palin / Trump 2016,  Trump / Boehner 2020 :-(

I guess nobody ever listened to Edwin Starr's "WAR". That says it ALL!!