Ohh ... the bureaucracy of the RCC is NOT going to like this one iota.

Why did God create all creatures with the need to eat?  If no one and nothing had to consume something else to survive would there not be less killing?

I watched this installation until my news station cut it off, but I heard the sermon. How beautiful that he said we are to be protectors of creation...the environment and the creatures...and protectors of the poorest of the poor and the elderly...those who are unable to protect themselves. We are to love ALL God's children. He asked all who listed to pray for him. What a wonderful pope he will be!!!!

What other world leader does this, urging people "to protect God's creation, the weakest and the poorest of the world"? American fascists call this socialism. Well, if that is socialism, we need a lot more of it. Pope Francis is the greatest, best and most important leader in the world today.

John - interesting definition. Did you get it out of "The Teaparty Guide for Dummies?"

The honeymoon is now officially over the Hitleran pro-deathers now know that this Pope, like all the others, is for protecting the life of the innocent, if you want to find gas-chamber clergy you need to find another religion.

Let the corrupt bankers, corrupt insurance companies, uneducated ignorant red necks, Muslims, all others take  notice and protect creation and protect and care for the weak !

The poor would be well protected if they stopped reproducing so they could move about and obtain food for themselves.

Seems I've heard that mantra before. Next.

FINALLY, a pope that ecourages that we must become good stewards of the earth and not act as supreme dominion over God's creations!

Matthew 10 : 7 " As you go proclaim this message "The kingdom of heaven has come near" "My question to the Catholic Church, How do you exactly do so???. Over the last 15 years I have not been approached/ contacted by a Catholic priest or anyone from the Catholic Church.The Pope urges people to protect the poor and environment. Boener and Mcconnel are going to HATE this man.

Good idea, Pope! Now, to implement this caring for the poor, let's start by selling off the Vatican's trillions of dollars of art and documents that are forever stored and the public doesn't even get to see. That will go far in addressing poverty and hunger.

Francis said the pope "must open his arms to protect all of God's people and embrace with tender affection the whole of humanity, especially the poorest, the weakest, the least important", and of course, tender altar boy butts.

Did he also urge the protection of the poor misunderstood pedophiles like the Cardinal from South Africa?

If the Church will provide for the poor... our economy and welfare rolls would diminish.... Be good for our economy..... Get in line now at your local Catholic church... for your Pope phones and food....

Lets get it right from the start Pope Francis oppose abortion and Gay rights that includes sentencing pedofile to death including clergy. This way the message will be about the way it should be a society where justice is just that just.

Talk about vague...

"must open his arms to protect all of God's people and embrace with tender affection the whole of humanity" [except of course the gays]* said under his breath. This is what I dislike about the Catholic Church (not necessarily this Pope. I'll give him a fair chance and see where he goes), but they are such hypocrites: "We are all God's creation", "God is love", and yet they always add caveats: "Unless your gay", "or a heathen", "God will smite the unbelievers". Ugh. Hypocrisy is by far the worst trait of religion, but especially the Catholic Church

Hey, maybe you could define which people are the LEAST IMPORTANT!!!  It seems it would be you &amp; your followers.  Out of 7 billion people - you make up only 1.5 billion of them!

Time to update your creation myth then... it's absolutely silly.The constant focus on poor people is getting a little old. How about the rest of the world that works and pays their way?

would be funny and way cool if he refuse to meet Vp joe"dufus"biden because of joes abortion stance

The Catholic Church preys on the weak as potential converts. It is not done out of goodness, but out of greed and control, nothing more. Catch a person at their weakest moment and they are easily manipulated.

The poorest and weakest are the unborn. And they really need us to protect them. God help us all to stand up for the unborn, supporting the mother in her time of need, so she can nurture and care for the blessing of our future inside her womb.

My 33 years old Son Michael Uzoma Ogoegbunam Onwuzulike died in Lagos Nigeria last Saturday March 16, 2013 and was laid to rest this morning at Lagos Cemetery. I called him my Gentle Angel Michael. Those who knew him know that He was a true angel with human flesh. He bore the testimony of John The Baptist in the last days. He has no wife, no girl friend, no house of his own, though am not to speak as man because he is my son but Holy Ghost bears me witness of the truth. He has no sexual relationship with any woman or man in this world. A born Artist who started drawing at age of two. He never have no confrontation with any human being, but Lord made him to be a sign of Jonah for me and the world to free the angels of 1st creations from bondage of sons of Adam(Deut 32:1-10) He died as John The Baptist the 2nd death of Christ for unbelievers but shall resurrected as Christ The Greater Than King Solomon(Luke 11:30-33) King Solomon the greatest King in wisdom and riches ever lived in this world who married 7oo wives and 300 concubines but Christ married all women both harlots and lesbians for new one world.

as an atheist i may not agree with the his beliefs, but its great to see a religious leader giving a good message such as this

Can't wait until all this "pope say this, pope says that" news fades and we get back to the business of pursuing the perpetrators of the RCC's many crimes.

Freedom of all creations will starts with freedom of Jesus Christ as Lamb, Ram, Escape goat and Beast of sacrificial offerings. When we delivered the church from Kingdom of Mount Moriah where our youths are being sacrifice in war and terrorism. To accept Christ of Super Nova Light that lightened the West of the Sun. The wild, wild west of the sun the seat of anger and jealousy spirit of God  that demands sacrifices and rituals.  Christ One World of Super Nova when the seat of darkness of death became the seat of life, when Faith, Spirit and Science became One Love in the World. Science made Super Nova light more understandable for us. The Super Nova Christ was the light that arrested Saul and converted him to became Apostle Saul.(Acts 9:1-19. Acts 26:13-18) It's world liberty from all curses and anger of God.

Let him put the Vatican's money where his mouth is.

Honestly Pope Francis has a same vision and understanding with me but the bondage of traditions and customs in Catholic Doctrines will not give him chance to performs his duty in fullness of Christ. Freedom for all creations will start with the spirit because all were first created in spirit before it came into physical world. The freedom of spirit is living and seeing all things in spirit not of the five senses. I am praying that Lord Christ of wisdom will empowered you with more wisdom and understanding of the perfect will of God who created the foundations of the universe the Heaven and Earth with their angels by His Word, the reason He made Jesus Christ the Word to became man who came to died and resurrected to takes dominion over Heaven and Earth with their angels through his resurrection. The case of Jesus Christ and Thomas because they never see God in physical eyes before the coming of Jesus Christ.Catholic means universal- the roman universal is alive and well until----

Its all damage control......the roman empire is alive and well until the lord says so- read the book of revelation- u will know the truth and the truth will set u free

n the book of daniel god protected daniel in the lions den....but the roman lions always ate the christians[maybe christians taste better??] conclusion god protects or like s jews more. isnt religion stupid......and stupid they got rubbing the holy annointing oil on the kings of israel.....the formula in exodus,soak the oil in cannibis then rub it all over....jesus the messiah [means annointed one] was a stoner like david and solomon ...all mythical [non historical] figures like moses thor zeus and shiva. i like the jesusneverexisted website....so much fun

"must open his arms to protect all of God's people and embrace with tender affection the whole of humanity, especially the poorest, the weakest, the least important."-- Can this pedo get any vaguer?