The Georgia Dome was just fine.

My house is 19 years old. I am worried that it needs to be replaced when it is 20, just like the Georgia Dome. Can the government give me some taxpayer funds to replace it?

Ridiculous waste of money. There is NOTHING wrong with the Georgia Dome.This is just some bunch of "fat cats" wanting to burn up money to get their name out there.The people of Atlanta need speak out and knock this down.

Ridiculous expenditure of money in tough economic times. The people of Atlanta are not going to buy into this nonsense either about the taxpayer being off the hook. No new money  is magically going to appear. It's all smoke and mirrors. So the hotel/motel tax is going to pay for the stadium? Where are the programs that are currently being funded by the hotel/motel tax going to get their funding from now? The taxpayer, that's who. It's all just juggling the books to placate the public. Like paying the bills for one credit card with another.

If a sports team can cut contracts to players for over $100 million,  I'm sorry but they do not need to dip into my $984 paycheck to pay for stadiums.   This should not be allowed in any city.

The stadium in KC is over 40 years old and doing just fine. Much better atmosphere for football than the dome. WHY was there no public vote to approve the new Falcon Dome??

The City Council in Atlanta are puppets. This stadium is not necessary and will cause ill will when guaranteed minority vendors are installed. Talk about needing to move forward!

Atlanta is stadium happy. They can't seem to get it right.

And why is there a dome in Atlanta.   If we can play outside in Buffalo, you can play out side in Atlanta.  #$%$.   (if you call what the Bills do playing football at least)

I live in Atlanta and I do not want to pay for this dome.  Mean while the City of Atlanta has a drop out rate of 73  percent blacks and 33 percent whites.  I can think of a lot better things to do with the money.  Clean the city up and get rid of the crime, gangs and drive by shootings that happen every day in this city.   The only good thing about bringing in a new dome is that one of the worst part of Atlanta will be re-developed so the dome can fit properly.The Geogia dome is only twenty. Its not even ready to be remodeled. Charlotte did the same thing with a perfectly good building just to have a downtown arena. I bet the restaurant across the street  made some contributions to some councilmen.

What's wrong with the Georgia Dome?  Its nicer than most stadiums I've been to; like the Super Dome and Three Rivers.  Will a retractable roof make that much difference?

All the complaining in the world won't do any good.  They need to start a petition going and get it on the vetoing ballot and veto on it.  They can veto on two different issues, one - whether or not to help fund the project, two - whether or not they want another stadium.  Than go from their!

Smart move....(note sarcasm). Win a Super Bowl and then get a dome. "Matty Ice" asked for over 100 million dollars!?!?!?? LOL! You won ONE playoff game. That is far from an "elite quarter back".That money would be better spend on the struggling SCHOOL SYSTEM! Smh.

Just another case where the owner has the city by the balls, saying he'll move the team, unless he gets a new stadium. This is the same thing that happened in Baltimore, Cleveland, Los Angeles, and Oakland and see what happened then.

I guess 20% isn't as bad as some of these deals but still...Why do local governements keep doing this? If they could agree to stop financing these things totally does anybody think that the NFL would move all its franchises to Qatar or someplace? The answer is no they wouldn't.They would just have to use the stadia they have right now or build new homes for themselves like the rest of us do. Stupid

Another case of tax payers getting the screw.. there was absolutely nothing wrong with the Georgia Dome.. when are they going to realize that enough is enough.. I have not went to see a sports team in 20 years.. when beer was $5.00 for 12 ounce cup, I said fuq this and havent been back since.. Now I understand its $12.00 for that same 12 ounce cup and $6.00 for a hot dog.. This will never stop until people stand up and say "no fuqing more!"...

NONAMETthere should be a national law that no tax $ can be spent on any professional teams pllaying fields. They can pay players millions but hold taxpayers up for new feilds.No more money

Biggest mistake... Building Inside Atlanta.  Nobody I talk to ever want to go downtown. They should build it OUTSIDE Atlanta.. more toward the northeast. This stadium location will fail like the Dome did.

Crazy-the Falcons only have fans when they are winning.   When they lose a few games you can shoot a canon off in the dome and not hit a soul.  The dome is fineThe Dome is great, I gotta work the final four, this will be so much fun!!!!!!!!

Its a shame when the city approves money for a new Dome but cant approve money to keep schools open! Look and see how many public schools have closed and how many parents are crying for help to open a school closer to their homes.

You know what else isnt fair/ The fact the falcons have no fans.

They should have left downtown and went North...no one likes going down there anyway.

Georgia Dome isn't even old enough to drink! And it hosted events in the 1996 Olympics, isn't that where Kerri Strug did her vault with a broken ankle? They're just going to tear it down rather than create more history?

The rich can never have enough playgrounds.

GOOD! I love it. Better then spending on EBT.