In this day and age, with all the horrid violence and hate, I find these forgiving people to be a breath of fresh air and they deserve all the prayer and help they can get. Also, the neighbor who was involved, the parents forgiveness will go a long way to help him heal and forgive himself. Bless them all and give them guidance for the months ahead to heal.

So sorry for both the parents and the neighbor...

These people have very big hearts to be so forgiving.  They also have something that's greatly lacking today - common sense.  They understood that in the darkness of the middle of the night a mistake was made by intruder and homeowner.  We all did dumb things as youths, nice to see the parents still loved their son and are forgiving of their neighbor.

This is a very sad situation. My heart goes out the the family of the teen and to the gentleman who defended his home.

"My heart just breaks for this family," Chapman said."Mine too. Both families.

Sad situation, but you can't blame the home owner, awakened by noise and an intruder. Probably scared to death and fired out of fear for their life. Just a terrible set of circumstances. I am glad the family understood the circumstances were not the fault of the homeowner. May god bless both of the families.

sad very sad !

Class act people no doubt. May God heal your hearts somehow.

Damn if that kid had listened to his parents and excepted his punishment of being grounded he would be alive today. sometimes not listening hurts a lot more people then just the person who didn't listen. And he paid the ultimate price so sad and unnecessary.

Glad the parents are reasonable.  An intruder was shot....doesn't matter who it is.This is sad.

I wouldny want to be the guy that pulled the trigger. But in such a circumstance I may have done the same thing.  It is better to risk the intruders life than your families or your own.

My condolences go out to both families, what a sad, tragic incident.  It is heartwarming to learn of people (the parents) who have common sense, understand that a MISTAKE was made, are not rushing to a lawyer, and are not blaming the neighbor.  My prayers are with everyone involved in this tragedy.  May God be with you all.

Too bad the boy and his friends were so inebriated they went to the wrong house.Another tragedy like the recent rape trial which involved teenage drinking. They think they are grown up because they are drinking alcohol. It is a terrible tragedy for the parents and the neighbor.

Kids: Honor your mother and father.

Something to be said for nailing a teenagers window shut.

A very sad set of circumstances.  Both families will have a lot to regret.  Condolences, and may the young man Rest in Peace.

This is sad for everyone involved. A man shoots a boy in his home and will live with it forever, as will the parents of the boy who lost his live. Prayers sent to all.

Just a Pity, God Bless Them ALL!

Sad for everyone involved. The forgiveness shown by the victim's parents is trulyadmirable.What wonderful people these parents are!! God Bless them,even in there pain they have the smarts to see the truth......

What a Sad, Sad story-for both the parents and the neighbor. Its also sad that we now live in such a state of fear of crime and murders that cause people to own and use weapons.

Very sad for the parents, and the neigbor. May they find some peace, and may their son rest in peace.

I could understand anger at first, but I think the parents have shown amazing character and forgiveness.  Most people in this situation would have lawyered up to prosecute an innocenet homeowner who was legally defending his home.  The parents of this boy are an example to all, and will by no means have an easy road ahead of them.  The community should rally around them and support them wherever possible, and the neighbor who is no doubt grieving the incident.

I respect the parents so much and I am so sorry this happened. Americans need to be more like these people.

Terrible.

That...is God's love showing through.

What strong people to be able to forgive.

Sad outcome of a teenager just being a teenager.  Restricted, prevented from attending a nearby party, he sneaks out and comes back apparently too intoxicated to recognize he is trying to sneak back into a nearby home that closely resembles his own.  Kids just have to be kids sometimes with the most terrible results.  My sympathy goes out to his family and to that of his neighbor who can't be feeling too well with how things came about.

Condolences to Caleb's family. I for one think they are very good hearted people. Even though the neighbor was within the law, he will still have to live with it the rest of his life.Sad for everyone.This is a real tragedy, involving decent people.  My sympathy to both families and to mourn  the loss of this young man. My own son used to sneak out to parties as a teen, so I can understand.

Time to lock up all teenagers until they can pass a maturity test.

The parents are good people. Most others would sue even tho their kid was at fault.

Legally, the neighbor was in the right. That will not, however, make it any easier for him to live with this. Most of us can agree that common sense does not kick in until we are in our early to mid 20s. A good kid made a bad decision, and paid for it with his life. I don't have a high opinion of the so called friends who left him to find his own way home when he was so obviously drunk. My prayers and sympathy to both families.

I live alone with my dog . . . who seemingly likes everyone.If I woke up in the middle of the night with an intruder in the house . . . the last thing I would do is turn on the lights and introduce myself.

It's a sad situation but I agree that the neighbor isn't at fault. What kind of person assumes that this stranger busting in through their window in the middle of the night is just an innocent, confused teenager? The kind of person whose entire family is probably gonna end up being murdered in their beds someday.It was a reasonable reaction. Completely self-defense. I probably would have responded the same way, as would many of the people I know. I'm not going to just sit back and see how things play out and hope that this intruder doesn't pull a gun of his own.

Iam so Glad the parents are reasonable and so forgiving.God bless them both and the youngman. Now lets all pray Al Sharpton,Jackson and the rest of the trouble makers keep their worthless #$%$ away.

This is a very sad situation. However, once again teenagers drinking seems to be at the root of the problem. Teenagers and drinking don't mix!

Forgiveness is powerful in challenging situations, I myself have bad neighbors where I live(noise), but I just realize that they and I both live here, and I'm staying put. This is a great article, let's hope this continues to bring healing for all.

Heartbreaking for all involved. No loss is small.this is why I always leave night lies on all over the house. My prayers to both family and neighbor.

What a tragic thing to have happened.  Parents with teen agers should make sure that they show them this article.  My heart goes out to those poor parents and the unfortunate neighbor.

wow, so sad.  His parents sound like amazing people.

How incredible. This parents are not brainwashed by the Sharptons and Jacksons of this world. They are part of an elite few who realize that kids are responsible for their actions, and if you get drunk and do something stupid, then it's your fault. My condolences to them.

I know its not the way people want to live but I wish they would lock their doors and windows before they go to sleep. At least if someone broke your window or door that would give a clear indication if they were coming into your home to do something bad or simply at the wrong address.

The title of this article makes no sense? It presents a position that the man defending his home from an intruder needs forgiveness? No. The parents should be appologizing to him! They are responsible for their teens actions. Teens, booze, crime, and a sense of entitlment. I can identify several in my own neighborhood with the same issues. But the parents are afraid to say no.

How sad for both his parents and the shooter. Hopefully other young people will think twice about sneaking out of the house after being grounded to to go drinking with their friends. This young man not only snuck out against his parents wishes but then went drinking and then he and his friends were unable to see their mistake in going to the wrong house. How sad for his parents now. He not only lost his life but now they have to live without their son and never see him get married, and have kids of his own. And how sad for the shooter who will feel bad the rest of his life knowing it was a young man just trying to sneak back in his own home and snuck in his instead by accident.

I hope that the neighbor can find peace and self-forgiveness. I can't imagine what he is going through too- as well peace for the parents; who I wrote of already below.

Wow! What grace and forgiveness. I'll be taking a lesson from these parents! Amazing hearts and amazing people. I am SO sorry for their loss.

His parents are better people than I'll ever be.If anybody killed my daughter,I wouldn't forgive them.I'd be too busy trying to find a good place to hide his body.the parents are responsible for this kids death not the neighbor. They need to ask the neighbor to forgive them for letting this kid run wild and forcing this on the neighbor.

In a liberal state a Home Owner may be in trouble even defending his or hers own home.

So her son went out got drunk tried breaking into the wrong house and got shot.I really fail to see her statement of forgiving the shooter who did nothing wrong.Maybe she should ask for forgiveness from the neighbor because now he has to live with this the rest of his life

What "awesome young man" sneaks out windows to go to a party and get drunk on his butt...so drunk he doesn't know his own home.  He really doesn't sound like an awesome kid to me.  It's a shame his life ended so young, but it wasn't the neighbor's fault at all.  I would have done the very same thing.

Change the stand your ground law. There needs to be an "intent to cause harm" before pulling the trigger.

My sympathies to the parents and the neighbor. May God bless you all during this sorrowful time.

Your son would be proud of you!

Why are the foregiving  for? Their kid was the one breaking into the house. He was stupid and he paid the price. The other folks did the right thing that most other people would.

awww

Nothing to forgive.  The homeowner did what we all should do, shoot first and ask questions later.  The father is not strict he says, well maybe he should have been.  A little more strict and monitoring of youth under punishment, and the boy would be alive today.  Underage drinking is a crime and providing alcohol to minors is a crime.  The law should go after the people who had the party at their house.  They are ultimately responsible for the youth getting drunk and stumbling into the wrong house.  There is the crime and I want to know if they will be forgiven by the parents.Forgive!  Forgive what?  The neighbor was just protecting his home and family.  The parents should be apologizing to the neighbor for letting their POS stupid ash kid run wild.  I don't have a gun, but it wouldn't bother me one bit to beat the H**l out of someone with my baseball bat and keep it up until I was positive he wasn't able to get up again if I found him in my house without my express permission, especially in the middle of the night and it wouldn't bother me for one minute if he died.  The only thing that would bother me is that I would have to clean up the mess, and bother with the authorities, the media and all these candy-ash commenters saying "kids will be kids".

Definitely a tragedy for all involved. . .Years ago there was a study witch found that having a gun in the house for protection was more likely to cause an accidental shooting, than being actually used for defense.. . . Why wasn't the neighbors window locked?   . . .  and were they following Biden's Shoot through the door advice ?

You can't blame the parents for the actions of their son. Their son was old enough to know better. They forgave the neighbor because it was not the intent of the neighbor to kill their son, he killed an intruder that turned out to be their son.

truly sad.

What lovely people the Gorleys are. Bless them. They are in our prayers. So sorry about this loss.

I'm happy the parents are bright enough to not blame the homeowner, but why does he need "forgiveness"???FORGIVENESS IMPLIES WRONGDOING AND HE DID NOTHING WRONG!

death but no ohio rape film right yahoo ?

What a sad story.  I'm sorry for the kid, he was just doing something kids do, and for the man who shot him as well as I'm sure he feels awful.  I do hate guns and this is one of the reasons, but I understand how some people feel the need to protect themselves.  I couldn't do it, myself, I just don't think I could shoot another human being.  Heck, I can't even kill a fly.  I catch 'em in cups and put them back outside.

God is in control and with this tragedy comes life through young Caleb's parents who know that no matter the circumstances we are called to love one another and to forgive...they live the gospel!

sadAnother reason not to have guns in the home! May God give the parents and the neighbor strength. I know that neighbor will never be the same forgiveness or not.

Sad story all around. Condolences to both the parents and neighbor- they both no doubt are suffering. And I'll be a total hypocrite here because I've been there done that- but teen drinking is responsible for so many problems- it always seems to be involved in incidents of fatal accidents and crimes. I wish there was someone to get them to listen.....

brave, God loving parents.

make me want to cry...prayers for all families involved.

Not a bad kid. Just a bad decision.  All victims but the parents are the best Godly people I have heard of. Bless this young mans soul, help the neighbors to live with what happened but mostly bring peace to those parents.  May we all learn from them.

May God richly bless and comfort the Gordley family for the spirit of forgiveness and love that they exhibit in their most trying hour.

And it all could've been prevented had the guy locked his windows – WTH who ignores basic security like that these days?! Who leaves Windows or anything unlocked anymore? Sad in any event, Hey kid – your parents ground you and tell you to stay home, you should.

The dad has that same problem that MJ had with the skin condition.

This young man did not know his address? What a dum way to die, getting killed sneaking into the wrong house something is wrong with this picture. He did not notice one difference between the houses? Most teens would have left the back door or bedroom room window open for their return. Someone is not telling the whole story or the whole story is not being reported.

sad but that's the way it is, this is the correct outcome, if you crawl in the wrong window, sorry, but you got what you had coming, mistake or no, just like a young kid who murders, it's sad, but the kid should hang, kid or not, this is similar, we all have to take responsibility for our actions and this kid was in the wrong (window) ... sad but.... i aslo feel sad for the home owner, he will carry the face of this kid the rest of his life, he will never forget the last look on his face...So a criminal gets killed and his parents are forgiving the shooter?!? He was a CRIMINAL! He got what he deserved! That's the problem with America today, all these liberals trying to create sympathy for criminals!

You have to read the WaPo story, 1st he with help broke into the home2nd ignored the alarm 3rd ignored the homeowner's shouts and warning shot 4th after the warning shot continued climbing the stairs while being yelled at...doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out there's more to this story than the idiots at Yahoo let on

A breath of fresh air, yes, but could they really place the blame on the shooter and hold it against him for shooting their son?  There is really nothing to forgive because their son was so drunk and "out of it" that he went into another "similiar" looking house and got shot.  Never mind the same carpet and staircase...he probably did not know the difference and he was grounded and should not have out anyway.Anyway, they DO have the heart to not hold a grudge and place the blame on their neighbor...a BIG heart and common sense indeed!

so sad for everyone involved

There seems to be,to me,more to this story than what's meeting the eye. Drunks usually make it home or pass out at a red light or something. I rarely hear of them going to the wrong house.A 16 year old drunk that walked home alongside his friends,generally knows where he/she is. Maybe I am wrong,but Judge Judy says "if it doesn't make sense,it's a lie". Something is a lie.

HOW SAD FOR EVERYONE INVOLVED. The Gordley's are amazing, Forgiving this horrible accident is the right thing to do, but the fact that they could come to terms w/ what happened and forgive their neighbor so publicly, while still freshly grieving for the loss of their son, is so wonderful. My heart breaks for them, but their son would be so proud.  It sad Caleb died for doing what so many other young people have done a million times (sneaking out) and making an honest mistake, but I'm hoping the family can heal sooner, knowing they did the right thing.

What a shame.  Prayers to both families.

What's to forgive? The neighbor did nothing wrong!!!!!!! So everyone goes on and on about what big hearts the parents have...why???? The parents don't have big hearts. They know their child was wrong! Plain and simple!!!! It was dark out, he was drunk, AND entered the wrong house? Are you kidding me? Wake up people!

I f*cking hate guns!!!

You mean neighbor  forgave THEM !It's terrible.  It's better to forgive and grieve together than to carry on in life with hatred

I forgave the neighbor girl that molested and took my virginity at the tender age of 13.That's the kind of guy I am.

don't drink and drive

If people weren't encouraged to shoot first and ask questions later, this kind of incident wouldn't be a common occurrence.

I always hear people forgiving murderers and rapists, but nobody forgives me if make an honest mistake. Maybe if I become a rapist, I would be forgiven faster.

Sad, but another salt &amp; pepper. When will it stop?