Was this the same group who said they didn't release anyone?  And then said they only released a small group of illegals?  And then said while the number released was far higher, only low risk offenders were released?  Who later acknowledged some high risk offenders were released?And we're supposed to take them at their word, why?

@Victor I was thinking the same thing....How many times did and has the Benghazi story changed??   Good news on Benghazi  is that Sen. Graham has found and interviewed some of the Benghazi survivors...Seems that there was a good reason for the government to keep them out of the people; for they seem to have some interesting stories on what really happened..So on to tomorrow and see how this story changes again to fit the agenda of  Obama's administration.

They are not illegal immigrants .... they are ILLEGAL ALIENS. Stupid Reuters writers.

ARE YOU FU(C)IN KIDDING ME? Released them where? Back into this country? Release them back to where they came from! The people responsible for this should be tared and feathered and left to die in the desert sun. This is beyond stupidity and just a straight slap in the face to American citizens.

It never ceases to amaze me how every time this administration does something...we have to redefine the meaning of STUPID!

Is this the same thing they will explain to us when a drunk illegal without a license plows over an American family?

This was bascically a government sponsored jail break.  The last count they were trying to locate 10 of those realeased because they were hard criminals.  Take it to the bank when a federal department comes out and says great scrutiny was given to insure there were no mistakes in one of their programs something has went wrong.

The Obama administration is claiming that those released border insurgents are not a threat to the community. If that is true, then why did ICE just go and recapture four of them the other day on warrants that range from rape to robbery to murder? And now they claim that they need to recapture 117 more high-risk offenders who were released?

Another Criminal in a suit and tie

One word liar !!!!!!!!!!!

Deportation works in every other Nation on the Planet, why not this one?Give them another couple week's,obama &amp; janet neopolitan,will have Blood on thier Hand's,for this stupid trick !

I wonder if they even considered sending them back where they belong!!

really???  tell that to the family who was carjacked in Scottsdale the other day, by one of these "released" illegals....

Instead of releasing the illegals ... who, by definition, have already broken our laws ... why weren't they deported?

how does  the immigration enforcement agency  know  that security was not compromised ? I have read nothing stating there was even 1 background check performed, so, how do they know who they let go? move the newly released aliens into their neighborhood next to their wife and kids.

Hundreds of criminals back on the streets....  At least they can't vote for Obama again...

This is how a mob intimidates people; do as we say or else we put you in danger.Cut aid to Egypt? NOCut aid to Pakistan? NOCut costs of golf trips? NO NO NO

The head of the immigration enforcement agency is living in dreamworld, far away and above any possible involvement with any illegal who was released.

They also said they only released 200 before they decided to add another zero to the end of that number.

What are the 900 people behind him being Paid for,GET TO WORK, Government WASTE!The intelligence of immigration was compromised several years ago...

I have no problem with getting these illegals out of prison.  Just release them on the other side of the border.

John depends upon the stupidity of others.

why wouldnt they release them back across the border into mexico? owebama is not on americas side.

More lies from the Obama hoodlums.

What a bunch of BULLXXXX.

"""National security and public safety were not compromised""".........and just ask all these fine butt kissers behind me. They'll tell you the same.

Our country was never secure in the first place. That's the problem.

I'll bet Mr. Morton doesn't live anywhere near a border state.  At the rate the feds are going, cowboys vs aliens might stop being a movie title...

nice try, but I C E already admitted that over two THOUSAND people were released. Not a few hundred. In fact, I read it was about 23 hundred released.My question is what did they do to land themselves in prison in the first place?

Remember . . Obama PROMISED that the sequestration cuts were going to hurt Americans . . and it's obvious he will do EVERYTHING in his power to make good on THAT promise . . .

Maybe John Morton could get a job as a walker. He wouldn't even need makeup. Perfect fit along with Obama and Napolatano his liar buddies.

It is much better to send them back to their countries, and it is cheaper also

People in government really are living in an alternative universe. They have no concept of reality whatsoever.

We The People have weapons to take care of any illegal schumbags that try to enter our house.

Sure I believe you.  Oh yeah, the check is in the mail and I will still respect you in the morning!  Typical political BS, please give the American people a little credit for common sense.

Did anyone else spill their coffee when they saw the picture?

"Make it hurt"Shame on all Obama supporters.

What is he smoking???!!!!What about the few highest offenders that were released ?? This administration has lied to the American people so much that most are reluctant to believe anything they say. Look at the lies and cover up on Benghazi. Illegals were released in February way before the sequester was finalized.This is all a part of Obama's pain for political gain, and it shows the true Obama and what he thinks of our elderly and children to even think of such a stupid and pathetic stunt as this. Benghazi and the deaths of 4 Americans without aid and assistance, and our Commander in Chief not even around or involved may be an impeachable offense in itself, but releasing these illegals into our streets should be looked into just for the creating unsafe and possible harm to American people just for the purpose of advancing one's own agenda.Obama needs impeached for these actions against the American people.The buck starts and stops with him.

O, Goody! We can all rest easier knowing that those criminals are released with no restrictions but pose no threat to our security!  WHAT A BUNCH OF NONSENSE!!

Oh, I get it. It's like when Holder told us he NO knowledge of operation Fast and Furious gunrunning into Mexico. Got it, ...thanks! Idiots running this country........

why weren't they released across the border instead of in the country.  This government has no intention on imigration reform or enforcement other than to let them take over the country.  Why do we even have a border????

Dear (know the future) John Morton, Why didn't we have them on the less expensive alternative program to begin with? Rumor has it we have a budget shortfall John !!!!!! Looks like Mr. ICE is in hot water !!!!!!!!!

Another stupid move on the part of the WH and Obama!  I wish they would have released them in the back yard of all you Obama Voters!

Let's see how many they can find in 6 months.

this goverment has lost its mind,, you are obligated to protect Americans,,, when you catch ILLEGAL aliens,,, you are morally obligated to deport them, not return them to the streets,, are you stupid? you are using our tax dollars for what? this is a slap in the face to every law abiding, tax paying AMERICAN.................Laws are Laws,, enforce them

This story is one big lye

No big deal when we have an illegal immigrant in the Executive Office of the USA.Can this administration do anything right? Up next, they want to manage our healthcare! You voted for him, hope you are satisfied.

Too expensive to detain, but not too expensive to implement an alternative form of ICE's supervision?With our wonderful government running the "alternative" program, it has got to cost more than it would to put them in C-130's and fly them back to their point or origin.

We can spend 1.2 billion - 1.97 billion dollars on Egypt, but can not spend 200 millions on the USA`s problems and something does not come together here!Is this "change" or "simple stupidity"!

Actually, security is compromised by illegal immigrants, PERIOD!!

10 to 1.....All Criminals vote democratic

Is there anyone in the Obonzo administration who isn't a complete MORON?

More Lies from Obama's Boys

hold oooobama and his clowns responsable for their acts of TREASON aginst America,,,The laws were here before this alien president,,,,the job of the goverment is to enforce them,,,, all of them,,, not just the ones you want too,,,is this not still America?

Just goes to show you how "stupid" U.S. officials are then!

As long as liberal Democraps are in charge this sort of criminal behavior will be common.What part of the title ILLEGAL did they consider berfore the release? The government waistes more money on improper billing vacations than they would have spent sending these ILLEGALS back to where they came from."Official says security not compromised by illegal immigrants' release"You know...after this last election..."they" have surmised that Americans will believe anything.

How far up and locked does this moron have his head? It is NOT POSSIBLE to turn 3,000 lawbreakers loose withoout compromising security--maybe not his, but the rest of ours. These animals are ILLEGALS. By definition, lawbreakers.

Congressman Asks Big Sis to Explain Huge Ammo Purchases“Congress has a responsibility to ask Secretary Napolitano as to exactly why these purchases have occurred”Paul Joseph WatsonInfowarsMarch 19, 2013New Jersey Congressman Leonard Lance (R) has demanded an explanation from Secretary Janet Napolitano as to why the Department of Homeland Security is buying huge amounts of bullets.Asked about the federal agency’s purchase of over 1.6 billion rounds of ammunition over the past year – enough to wage a 20 year plus war – as well as thousands of armored vehicles – Lance called on Congress to get involved.“I think Congress should ask the Department about both of those issues and I would like a full explanation as to why that has been done and I have every confidence that the oversight committee ….should ask those questions,” said Lance, adding that he shared a belief, “that Congress has a responsibility to ask Secretary Napolitano as to exactly why these purchases have occurred.”The Congressman said he was “concerned” and that his goal was ensuring Americans “continued to live in a country based on freedom and individual rights,” adding that he hoped Congress could get answers on the reasons behind the huge ammunition purchases by the DHS.))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))IT"S ABOUT TIME! Had to be a republican though. The Democrats just love the idea of open warfare in the streets America.Bottom line is that is only ONE reason why they bought this stuff, and that is so they can wage WAR with the American people.

What percentage of illegal aliens that are released with pending removal proceedings actually show up?  What's their motivation to stick around as opposed to cutting off their ankle monitors and disappearing into the sunset?  I have not seen this addressed in any articles about the release.  Why aren't reporters doing their job?

Time to "release" some administrators from their jobs!

If Safety and security were not a concern, why were they arrested and placed into custody to begin with?!?!?

What ever happened to deportation?

Budget restraints ? How much does it cost to deport them. We don't have to buy a first class airline ticket to Cancun. Put them out at the border and let their Federal Police have them. What part of 'illegal' do these Bureaucrats  not understand?

The captives were released prior to the sequestration and Obama is up to his eyeball trying to rationalize it away. Any time you release lawless prisoners, you necessarily increase the risks to the public. This should be Obama's Waterloo...

guess this is how obama is gonna get even with us all.Is he talking about his personal security?  This administration is full of useless communist liberals.

What else is he going to say?  A liberal "mind" is a terrible thing in attempting to reason with!

Everyone needs to write these morons names down on a list so we REMEMBER which ones we CAN vote out. They keep getting dumber and we really need to put in more effort to get them out and fix this generation of idiots..

"security was not compromised.." Another in-your-face LIE by an appointed mouthpiece. This goes right along with their other big lie, "I'm with the gov't, I'm here to help." What part of ILLEGAL doesn't matter to these poop sticks? Check your ammo supply, more potential targets being released.

Mr. Morton is another one of the Lier in Chief's staff of puppets rolled out to feed the American public more lies.

US officials are the biggest bsers.

So armed drones that can kill Americans is OK, and criminals released from jail is OK, too???Are we should are government officials aren't drunk, or are mentally fit

It was a political scare tactic to scare the common folk before the sequester happened.

The people that voted for the president are to blame for this countries shape.  You watch TV and hear this guy BS the country and re-elect him.  When all the #$%$ hits the fan you will have no one to blame but yourself.  Just look at one thing.  The top two percent should pay higher taxes and it effects 77%.  You idiots just keep turning your heads!

Are these people from the same group that told us that 4 dead Americans dont matter?can we trade nancy peelosi to al-qaida for 5 camels?

LIE

And the media wonders  why we distrust our govt. They put us in direct danger...this must end we give them housing,  medical, drivers license , education...We are all paying for it..and we are flat broke

The sheriff of the county that these people were released, would call him a liar !

Why are we even retaining them if they are illegals? Deport them, do your job! Taxpayers should not be supporting illegals!

Yeah but they don't live in your town..or neighborhood! Donkey but!

"The release of illegal immigrants from U.S. detention due to Obama's childish temper tantrum..."There.  I fixed the first sentence.

It wasn't a budget issue; it was a political issue...- to buy more votes and support...

It's going to take another revolution to fix this country.

I'm guessing that US Official never had his Identity stolen nor been in a wreck with an illegal, with no license or auto insurance.I can't wait for the next robbery or killing by the ones that were released.  That is when the people with guns should start defending themselves against the government.

Low risk illegals? No danger to Americans? Really? Well then how about the multiple offense DUI illegals that were released? I guess that they are not a risk to Americans until they decide to get drunk and get behind the wheel again, with no license, registration, or insurance, and they total someone else's car or property, and the victim is stuck paying for it because the illegal is not covered, or worse yet, the illegal plows into a car and kills a family. Here is something else to think about, just how many are actually going to report in when they are supposed to? How many will just disappear and blend in until they do something to get caught again? One of the biggest problems with illegals is their disappearance once released if they commit a crime. They hardly ever appear in court, and do their best to disappear. Our government is such a joke, and want us to think that there is no danger.

"security not compromised by illegal immigrants' release"Tell that to the person that gets robbed or hit by one of them driving drunk, the same reasons some where in there in the 1st place. Or the homes broken into by them.Open season on wets.

When you're dealing with 30 million illegals already here, what difference can a few hundred more make?  Thanks for the "security",  immigration enforcement agency.

this is the only country in the world that refuses to enforce its own laws,its a pity and a shame to let people here illegally carry own and function like legal citizens.go home to where your legal and stay their.

Maybe if any legal, citizen of the USA is hurt, killed or injued in any way, ICE should be held responsible?   Can't sue the government?  Bet you can if they act in a  negligent way.  At least would be worth the fight ............

Liar!  The fact that these roaches are here ILLEGALLY is a security problem!

So we're suppose to take their word on that, unless they have a tracking system in place, not buying it.

Baghdad Bob couldn't have said it any better himself.

What a lie.  So you were just holding these illegals in jail for the heck of it?  These people think that people are stupid and maybe people are for not having the guts to call these people out for their lies.Was this the same care used when Fast &amp; Furious was carried out?  This government is totally incompetent!

our politicians are compromised by them which in turn means the country is also.

How about we pick them up with the Obama "super buses" with the promise of work and drive them straight to Mexico City?

Obama released thousands of illegal criminals in our neighborhood.  This is proof that Obama hates our country and the American people.

And pigs fly -Typical democrat ploy - deny - distract - delay - then deny - lie - deny - lie!And they wonder why no one trusts them - -go figure.Let me get this straight - They were in detention because they are illegal? Is it not illegal to release an illiegal immigrant into this country?What the hell is going on here - Stand Up America and Shout Out that "We the People" have had ENOUGH OF THIS B/S!

We are losing this invasion via our law makers, lobbyist and special interest groups. A woman was put into the hospital and her 18 month old in the morgue in Charlotte 2 days ago. It was an illegal who was arrested for a prior DUI then released and drunk again cusing the accident. Security is not compromised and they released illegals with DUI just like the one in Charlotte.

Obama and co. Continue to fail americans every chance they get !!!

Sure, releasing convicted criminals is never a bad thing for society.  Why have any prisons then?

2200 Gang-banging Criminal Illegals are back on the streets raping robbing and carjacking...   Good Job Idiots...

Just release them back into Mexico or where they came from.Don't release em just cut the food ration and medical care to what our seniors have.

Security was not compromised, only integrity, but that means nothing to this administration.

This is the type of idiot WE EMPLOY. Very, Very pathetic.

If I understand correctly all (or at least most) of these people were arrested on criminal charges, they weren't just picked up for not having a green card.  As such, releasing them released likely criminals back into society and somehow THAT doesn't compromise the security of the people living in that area?

What did you think they were going to say? Get them out and get them out NOW. Talk about un-American

Says who? Even if they were picked up again on a charge they would he let go due to the  incompetence of our administration

I am sure in a month or so when one of these illegals kills somebody us taxpayers will have to pay the huge settlement that proves our detention centers and the people who ran them should never had let these illegals go free.

Wait -- you don't have money to keep them in jail, but you have money to have ICE agents follow and check up on them?!? BS.

Officials have been lie-ing for a long long, long long time!

If you can get arrested for hunting or fishing without a license, but not for being in the country illegally .....you might be in a country founded by geniuses but run by idiots.Of course not.

Why not release them at the White House if there is no risk. Obama can have them there for the Easter egg roll.

If so sure you are obeying the US immigration laws and protecting Americans, and if any of these you released commit another crime or cause injury to another citizen, then you will resign your position? Sign on the dotted line.

"Immigration and Customs Enforcement Director John Morton says we don't know why we had these people in security lockup at a cost of $121 per day.  I guess we were stupid.  Now that we've turned them loose, we are sure they didn't need to be incarcerated like we said before."This dolt has no credibility!

It don't take a whole lot for them to lie, does it?Well then why did they have them in prison then?Do they really think people is this stupid?Well that was a dumb question, he got elected 2 times with no vetting.

These are criminals who were released without a valid reason just so the Administration could make a point. There was no reason they should have been released at all.Budget shortfall? Just feed them every other day. Or don't feed them at all and have their families bring food for them.

liar,liar pants on fire.  Why don't we let all criminals out of prison they can live near or around the White House, I am sure Obama will be safe.

um...they were in jail BECAUSE they were a threat to society, moron....

If our security was not compromised, why were these people in jail?

SO WHY  PICK THEM UP AND ARREST THEM IN THE FIRST PLACE, and then turn around and release them back into society. Now comes the grand justifications  for releasing them.  In reducing detention levels, we took careful steps to ensure that national security and public safety were not compromised by the releases," he said.  Only DEMOCRATS WILL believe this worthless informationit's a dirty punitive measure to make the sequester hurt the people as much as possible.

65,000,000 of you guys voted for these S-bags.

Hurry and train the feral hogs to eat illegals they want to spend a million dollars on how to kill them.

A person in jail soon to be deported for entering America illegally is released and told to call in regularly to let who know of his whereabouts or made to wear a electronic monitor.  Gee, do ya think some one who was caught for being here illegally and given a chance to get away won't take that chance.  Is there a requirement within HomeLand (in)Security that you can't work there if your IQ is above 15.

2,228 illegal immigrants that had to process through ACORN and register to vote Democrat in order to get released.

I really dont know why we need the dept of homeland security and the justice dept. I dont think these depts are upholding the constitution they swore allegiance to.

Move along , nothing to worry about here .....we just released a bunch of illegal immigrants so there's no reason to question security protocol . We didn't release them back where they came from ...that would make too much sense financially .....keep moving , we can just pick em up again and start the paperwork train moving when we get more cash to waste .

Hussein Obama &amp; his illegal Aunt &amp; uncle will like this.   Whomever released them should be charged with treason.  Deport them.  They are felon illegal Alien invaders.   Oh drat, I forgot they voted DEMOCRAT after receiving illegal I.D.s from the government.

Unbelievable actions followed up by unbelievable justifications, when in actuality this stunt was perpetuated to highlight Obamas anger over the sequestration and the republicans failure to cave to his demands.!!

HAHA What else are the morons going to say? I'll bet they didn't offer these "released" people transition housing in their homes.Who's  security? Obama's  or the average citizen  down the street who just had his/her car stolen by said illegal who has no transportation

What we've learned in 5 years under him - If Obama says it's good for you, it's obviously not.

* * ATTENTION * * * Since Obama let loose illegals within our country....Should he not be arrested for aiding, and assisting Criminals.?...THIS IS UNACEPTABLE.!!

Every ILLEGAL ALIEN should be deported now. They are here ILLEGALLY and thats A CRIME. You bleeding heart liberals don't like to hear that but its the TRUTH

The Barack Democrats are flushing the USA 'Right Down the Toilet.'

This guano head would be singing a different tune if the illegals all set up tents in his neighborhood. Bureaucratic jack*az*z.

" Illegal immigrants collectively represent a group that is a significant menace to the public. 80% have committed serious crimes in addition to immigration violations, and 40% have violent crime histories." (Center for Immigration Studies).

That FK face Morton,  another Voodoo Oblablaba emmisary, needs to have his hideout address exposed and will see if he and his family feel compromised....

Not a peep from the African American community.

it's not necessarily their release that is unacceptable, but their presence.And the thousands of weapons we gave to Mexican drug cartels wont cause us any harm either!!

How could anyone with a brain vote for Obama?!

tell that to the girl that one of them was in jail for stalking; SINCE HE KILLED HER AFTER BEING LET OUT.. where is THAT HEADLINE????

not until they break into your home,or car jack you, shot you for your money,so i guess we are safe in the feds hand

I thought the immigration rules Obama plays by is that only the criminal illegals (oxymoron) are the ones in jail.  Yet now they tell us the ones released pose no threat to society.  Then why were they in jail?  Anyone that believes what this administration says are FOOLS.  History will look back on Obama's 8 years like they look back on the depression.  As a time we had to endure but should never repeat.

Well Mr Morton you may not have compromised you security but you sure as hell compromised the security of many American citizens by the release of illegals.

Obama needs to impeached right now today, and his cronys thrown in prison. I for on would laugh when I hear of Jay Carney being gang raped by a bunch of black muslim #$%$.

What a bunch of #$%$.

Nothing like letting the Rat's out of the Bag! Or, Release the Prisoner's, these CRIMINAL'S haven't done anything wrong. Genius!

By the very act of release, security is threatened. What incompetence.And how believes the #$%$ the government stooges spew?

Illegal means ILLEGAL!! They are hoping they will elect another Obama. What a joke our politics have become.Shame on them. Stop worrying about getting re-elected and worry about true AMERICANS.

Save tax dollars! Furlough napolitano !

Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio wins a sixth trem. go big joe. and the illegal alien butt sucking democraps said joe would'nt win, goes to show you, people do want law and order."

avg. annual taxpayer cost for illegal aliens $1,117 per household in 2011, and I have a hard time paying just my own bills . nobama you got to go. (heritage foundation)

Illegal aliens should not be on anything we pay for.

Straight from the mouth of odummer to folder to our ears. I just hope you can't get hearing AIDS from listening to azzholes.

If these illegal aliens didn't pose a risk to the public they wouldn't have been in jail in the first place. I think the next few batches they let out should be brought to D.C. and the surrounding areas.

They tell us anything to make their bad choices look good.Jive talk.bs talk.lie.

Let them loose in your neighbobhood and get back to use on that their not DANGEROUS1000s not 100s and MANY were Convicted FELONS..............this is just more GARBAGE by the "state run " Liberal pro obama Media....these stories are run by reuters , ap , cnn ,msnbc , yahoo and others and the media outlets have become just more pro obama bull C hit

Meanwhile thousands of American citizens who did nothing more than smoke or sell weed languish in prisons.

In the long run, there is NO way releasing these lawbreakers will cost less than a bus back to the border. They have saved NOTHING!

This whole admis. does nothing but lie and thinks we are stupied enough to beleive them.I will be so thankful when their term is up, if we last that long.

“The budget should be balanced, the treasury should be refilled and the public debt should be reduced. The arrogance of public officialdom should be tempered and controlled. And the assistance to foreign lands should be curtailed, lest we become bankrupt.”- Cicero, 63 B.C.

Well when your country already has started to go to Hades, there is no one out there that will tell you the TRUTH!!!

Just Remember, the White House stated "They didn't know DHS let the illegals go."DHS is under the control of the Commander and Chief and actions/orders for DHSto Follow come from 1600  Pennsylvania Ave.

From the same administration that gave us "Fast and Furious". I feel safer already.

Each and every one was required to pinky swear that they would be good boys and girls.

Lets adopt Mexico's policy toward illegals in their country, jail and deportation.  That way we can just explain we are treating illegals as if they were in Mexico.Someone find a rope and a tree for this traitor!

The largest things compromising American security is those 2 BILLION rounds of ammo and those 10,000 MRAPS that have been distributed to "law" enforcement around the country. Now that DHS has proclaimed practicing the 1st amendment right to peaceful assembly a terrorist activity it is only a matter of time before America has it;s own Tiananmen Square. They didn't buy those things for nothing people. They will be using them.

ICE should have asked me if they could house them in my backyard.

Since when has this administration ever done anything to not harm Americans.  The only thing that should happen is to have these people released into buses and transported back across the border.

still would of been alot more cheaper to put them on the pen bus or greyhouse and send them back to their oen country instead of letting the tax payers to support them but another brains washed politition of obamas

Who decides what laws get inforced and when to look the other way! Why have laws on the books if one man can say "don't mess with that guy". I thought only kings did that

Their ability to monitor them is surpased on by their ability to keep track of the weapons they have let cross the border in operation F&amp;F

Putting them on a bus and sending them back to Mexico is still cheaper then the ankle monitors they gave them.

This reminds me of the Illinois early release program where prisoners were released early due to Illinois being broke.  Half were recaptured/charged with new crimes.

Get a clue - ALL the federal department heads found the MOST DRAMATIC cuts they could for March 1, 2013 in hopes of scaring Congress/voters into reinstating the funds.  Do NOT do it,keep the DRAMATIC CUTS these idiots proposed plus make them find/cut another 5% of the very REAL waste/mismanagement in their own budgets.Those people ovbiously broke tons of US laws are are allowed to stay in this country.

so if that is true then we should release all in jail  hell look at the money we would save and we are just as safe    are you all tired of obama yet?????????????

They also added that they have a bridge for sale in Brooklyn.

There they go again. Relying on public stupidity to justify an abortion of security for the political expediency of Obama. This is just another, "we have to pass it so we know what is in it" specious politically motivated agenda.

Time to eliminate all government burears = protected jobs for idiots

Hmmmm, "Security was not compromised!" But laws were broken and not processed correctly, in accordence to our current immigration laws! For every illegal released from federal lock up back onto our soil, there should be arrests made for the person(s) incharge of all that were released! They should be charged with aiding and abeding a known criminal and aiding in the escape of known criminals! When are Americans going to say to these criminals incharge of our Country, enough is enough!

Wasn't this the same regime that denied fast and furious?  Then Obama had to Claim Executive Privilege?  Yes We really TRUST these guys.

They were released before the budget cuts were to take place. Just another scare tactic by obama.

Isn't it remarkable he is unwilling to describe and/or define his "careful steps", and even more remarkable he got away with not explaining his actions?

and officials also stated they would personally be responsible  for any financial  or criminal actions taken by any of these released people into open society . They are so confident in the safety and well being of everyone ........ well , it is a thought !Obamamerika!

If anyone in the Obama administration said it "it's a LIE".

It would have been fine to release them...deep over the border

Somewhat ironic that the head of ICE makes his announcement at the Bankruptcy Court House in New York...This entire administration is Bankrupt, morally and financially..

He looks like he just did a line

When did Golum get hair and a suit ??

I find it strange that contempt citations and criminal arrest warrants have not been issued for Secretary Napolitano and Director Morton for seditious conspiracy and breach of their oaths of office.  First, the releases were made before there were any budget constraints (sequester hadn't taken effect yet). Second, if they were so short of funds to fulfill their oath to uphold the Constitution which includes the laws of the United States, where did they get enough money to buy 100+ years worth of bullets.  Are they preparing for a Revolution?

When Obama and his minion frequently lies and propagated by the liberal media, lying becomes the norm and their lies becomes the truth. Carney does it all the time.

#$%$ you lying sack of garbage. Enforce the existing laws.

And you gurantee that none of them will commit a crime or you will serve their sentence behind bars with them or death row if that is the case? Why do I doubt your sincerity you moron? America we need to clean house with these idiots.LOL.  "No, no.  Our releasing of people initially locked up for breaking the law does absolutely nothing.  No real change has occurred."Really?

An article from the Washington Times reports: “The Obama administration declined to try to deport more than 36,000 illegal immigrants that were arrested on other charges between 2008 and 2011, including some who went on to commit 19 murders, 3 attempted murders and 142 sex crimes, the House Judiciary Committee said . All told, the administration was alerted to nearly 160,000 immigrants who were arrested during the three-year period. They went on to be charged in nearly 60,000 more crimes, according to the committee and the Congressional Research Service, which issued a report on the matter.”

And we are supposed to believe them?

keep shoveling the #$%$

More lies!!

This guy should be FIRED! EVERY ONE of them was a LAW BREAKER! And prior articles cited that SEVERAL of them were  released in error and being sought for re-detention.Can we PLEASE remove the OBVIOUS LIARS from our government?

I think I'll quit paying my Bills ...Taxes included....... because my Income might go down .

Lies cannot be covered up with more lies!They can be compared to a snowball that started to roll down on a high mountain, the faster it rolls the more snow it gather upon itself until it overwhelmes everything in its path, and that includes WASHINGTON D. C.!!!And being that most of them carry a law degree from an institution that thaught them how to convolute the meanings of everything they say,!I'm beginning to wonder why we ever elected these ''slippery, silver tongues '' to serve us in these days of our greatest perils to us and this nation, and entrusted them with our very own lives into their care!

I guess the fed means that the illegals have already hauled their drug cargo into the US and won't be doing it again. Since the Fed will not do their job, perhaps we need another constitutional amendment. An amendment that allows that 'well organized militia' to act on behalf of the government and deport illegals from within our borders.

If these releases were not a security concern then why were the illegal immigrants incarcerated in the first place?   Yep, didn't think they had an answer for that one.His qualifications for this post are . . . what? Democrat, check; stupid, check; liar, check; law enforcement experience, ???????; management experience, ????????

Of course it didn't compromise anything . . . the president never makes any mistakes . . .This quotation from the mid 1800’s says it all . . . he is “the other” . . . of courseTWO DIVISIONS OF SOCIETY-There are two methods of human activity – and according to which one of these two kinds of activity people mainly follow, are there two kinds of people: one use their reason to learn what is good and what is bad and they act according to this knowledge; the other act as they want to and then they use their reason to prove that that which they did was good and that which they didn’t do was bad.”– Leo Tolstoi.

You want to stay within your detention budget? Easy! No detention. Ship them back or execute them--either way cheaper than "three hots and a cot".

Make up your minds...first you didn't release anyone...then you did...now it's ok that you did release felons on the streets because you can't balance your checkbook?

It was in the thousands not hundreds, you're all a bunch of liars. These people should be fired, and whoever up that ladder went along with this as well.

SO many LIES from obammy court,Did these law breakers PROMISE not to hurt,kill,steal,rob,anybody? They did? OK then,,People! This isnt how its supposed to work.

They felt the timing caught many by surprise?  The government claimed to be beefing up security at the borders while secretly releasing thousands of already apprehended illegals within our borders? Yeah, SURPRISE!!!!

Just like someone else , a big bunch of liars!

They were released into Mexico, correct?  Anything else would be insane.

"Every individual released was placed on an alternative form of ICE's supervision, and all released individuals remain in removal proceedings".....Good luck finding them again. Idiot.Interesting place to be cutting the budget, they couldn't stop building mosque's in the middle east first, What an embarrassment this administration is and what about swearing to uphold the laws of the  land against foreign and domestic enemy's? this administration is Pathetic !

Reuters is like AP,they don't report with honesty.It has already been stated it was a few thousand released not a few hundred.Also on the news last night they said several had been re-arrested because they were more than just low level offenders.Stop fooling around and deport them.Why should they be held,you know their crimes.Obama has probably got plans to make voters out of them.D;a;m;n this socialist czar.

So, we locked them up because they broke our laws. We then paid out a great sum of money to keep them detained, because they broke the law. We then let them go because we broke our budget.  Plane tickets and bus rides seem a lot cheaper if you ask me.  I'm betting the tracking devices cost more than a trip back home.Want to stop illegal immigration? Send a HUGE bill to the country of origin for each one caught and watch how fast they protect our borders.

When you love someone, set them free. If they come back to you, it was meant to be, if not, it wasn't meant to be.

"U.S. official says security not compromised by illegal immigrants' release"I guess they should release them inside White House grounds then.

If you believe it you're as dumb as Janet Napolitano.

What gulliable turd head still believes anything this administration says?  Anyone willing to admit to it left out there?

Why couldn't they released them on the other side of the border.

Don't you wanna just clock him!

ya know, the way democrats and republicans follow the party line gives lemmings a bad name....Don't worry, the pigs that released these illegal aliens live up at the top of the hill or in guarded communities.

And what if they're WRONG?  Who pays the piper?  What angers me is the fact that we see belts being tightened everywhere, except our OVERPAID GOV'T &amp; PRESIDENT!!

Clowns......................But as long as I keep getting my free goverment stuff, then let out other prisioners also. Hey, come to think about it......if they did that there would be moer money to increase my check. I need the goverment to buy me a new laptop or a new car, so keep letting the bad guys out so I can get more.

the solcialist liberals will do or say anything to get what they want

Really?  So if they were all released in the neighborhoods of the Congressmen, would this dill hole still be making this statement?

So why did they decide to release ILLEGAL criminals and NOT american citizens who are criminals....Makes no sense..its to get votes from the hispanics....thats why

What a Load of Manure , They let Criminals out in Public and Our Security is not Compromised ??  What kind of Drugs are they On  ???

Whose security?

Is this the same mentality that was used when Eric Holder ended up giving weapons to the drug dealers to kill people with, same adminstration same players could be.

Vote for elmer fudd for president and do not be surprised with the consequences. The current administration as a bright as the looney tunes cast of characters, but not as funny, and painfully dangerous. Obama believes so deeply in aiding illegal immigrants that he is willing to put the lives of his citizens at risk to prove a point. What a f(U)ck head Obama is.What really threatens national security is government officials who have taken an Oath to support the Constitution and laws of the land who refuse to enforce laws, but instead aid and encourage criminals actively engaged in breaking the law by being in this country illegally.

yeah so now they are out using the all the other services provided by gov. lololol

How much money would we save by shutting down this ineffective, incompetent bunch of imbeciles?  Let's put Sheriff Joe in charge.  He can set up his tent city on BLM land and house them.  And make them glad when we kick them out of our country.

First they lied about how many were released. Do you really believe this story?

Yeah, I believe these incompetent #$%$ like I believe we don't have a spending problem.

The police (officials) released someone that broke into your house (country), is stealing from you and our president thinks they will make fine upstanding citizens (voters) but your security isn't compromised.

what a bunch of garbage running the country . . this did not have to be done ! when will we have leaders with common sense . . give money to muslim brotherhood in egypt, let criminals here go free! outrageous!

WHy release them when the law states they shoudn't be here?, Ship them back to where they came from!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

With the leaders that we have in this what can a person expect. Trash in trash out.

John Morton...Susan Rice in a suit....both liarsThey are criminals. They know they are criminals and were released into the public. Now that they've been caught and detained once, noone knows how they will act. Let them stay with the familys of the ones that released them if they are so safe. The ones who released them should be held accountable for any crimes committed. Big "O" says he didn't have anthing to do with their release. You believe that?

Since we don't have the money to keep illegal aliens incarcerated, let's get rid of John Morton and his deadbeat cronies since we don't need their services now that they have released (2000 in February, plan 3,000 in March and maybe eventually 10,000) law breakers into the law-abiding American population.

Yep. I guess Americans will believe anything....Not!The government also says "We want to make the streets safer....we'll have your guns now..."Just search Google or Youtube for "Guns and Government Weston Minot"Warning! The last part is quite graphic. Not for children or the weak stomach.

OMG this guy is so out of there. Take a bow. It's curtains for you.I support &amp; send money to our border patrol. They risk their lifes to bring in some of these.AMERICA pay's to keep these people out.Didn't just let them out in our streets again did ya ?You got busses to take them at least back in deep behind their lines right ?Talk about waste feeding them while in jail, and man hours payed catching them.I hate vain.

What an idiot. Hey Washington keep squeezing all the little people. John Morton should be held personally accountable for any crimes committed by the released ILLEGAL ALIENS.They break the law sneeking into this country so they want to give them citizenship. They commit a crime and are released from jail. Thanks Washington.

Illegals "compromise security" when they enter the country, and continue to "compromise security" every minute they are permitted to stay here.

are you kidding me that is a outright lie

not compromised where you live in DC, come buy a house in Arizona, you will not be so happy to let Obama take away your 2nd amendment rights to own a gun and protect yourself and family. I say the next person family who gets murdered by someone you released, sues the hel out of you personally, maybe then it will be personal to you

Revolution is way overdue in the U.S.A.

The United States should do more of this and use it to show that the Government of Obama is not controlling the border like they tell us. The rule of law is not being used by the Government. We are being lied to all the time and it is getting worse. Now they are not sending the people home when they have created crimes here in the United States. We have heard that they are releasing 2000 or more of these people and will not tell the Police in the states that they are being released in. These people are not protecting the Citizens but are trying to get around the laws. They lie and when they get caught, the liers of the United States Government with the Media Turds that do not report the news try to cover it up.I thought ICE was already only detaining illegals who also committed other, violent crimes...therefore anyone who was in custody must have been a security risk by definition...

As stated below .... why wouldn't they be released outside our border?? The government even admitted they were illegal!! This administration is beyond pathetic ....

let see if im reading this wright there here illegal and the gov. is letting them out of prison. sould they be deported ,i mean the election over wright. sent them back to where they came please.

Do these officials think that ANYONE believes them any more?They've lied so long that it's impossible to even imagining believing one word they say.

what Lying clockscuker....

The Democrats needs those illegals released in order for them to vote in 2014.

Instead of releasing them, they should organize them into work groups to pick up trash, maybe do a little landscaping around the White House and to save some more, even have them conduct White House tours.

So what is he going to say "I let all these criminals out and now we are all in danger." Obama also said that we don't have a debt crisis.

he looks even more stupid than carney

I was going to make a comment but realize it would be pointless.  Because Janet and company will have two more versions out by tomorrow when the sun comes up.Stop it!  Just STOP it!  These are the GOOD kind of people who start out by breaking out laws immediately upon arrival!

Obama wants more illiterate, un-educated people roaming the U.S... Sure votes for Democrats.

yea and pigs fly

Hey, New and Improved Yahoo, Why are You Censoring My Comments like the lameass old obama supporting communist Yahoo did huh? Why are Ya Censoring OUR Comments?

Ridiculous!!. How can authorities possibly know there is no risk.

OH!! Yes-2900 criminals (ILLEGAL IS ILLEGAL) are released to call in once in a while to tell the Authorities where they are....Where they should be is on the deported "out" roster and then the Authorities would know where they are, until they come back across that secure (HA!)border. Geez! Using this budget hokum makes you USA Citizens paying Taxes such fools...

How about using some of the money they saved to pay some of my child support? I have 5 baby-mamas that always want more money. This way we could all be happy.!

Another lying SOB!

If they are of no danger to anyone in America, release them in his (John Morton) neighborhood.

US bureau monkey says--------------lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, lie,------------------------------2228 reasons to have an assault weapon in your closet!!

The majority voted for Obama and his thugs, just wish the innocent didn't have to go down with them.

Ahhh the smell of "Cover-up" and "Damage control".....the backlash is hitting them....

what would you expect them to say, they can't admit they were wrong to bad we couldn't get them to move in next door to these idiots

A bold faced liar, can anyone with any common sense believe a word out of any person's mouth in this administration?

This is just another example of the arrogance of the Obama administration. He won the second term and believes all Americans should submit to his agenda of higher taxes and increased spending. Releasing of illegals, closing Whitehouse tours, disproportionate furlougs of border patrol, delayed tax refund checks among other high profile cutbacks are meant to sway the public from resisting the tyranny of King Obama.

Way to serve the people of your country, you remember them right, the people you work for.

That wide eyed "believe me" look tells of lies. Janet Napolitano has that same look when she's in front of the reporters. Besides, it was just in the news that they were re-arresting some of those that were released because they committed more crimes. They have other areas in which cut backs could have been made. John and Janet could have taken cuts in their own salaries.

The question that isn't being asked is the name of the official or officials who ordered the releases.

Ship all of them out of here!Anyone besides me think this is another example of White House incompetency?

Total BS !!

Why didn't they get deported?

Talk about backlash when you don't get what you want.They didn't have to let them go. It's called tightning your belt.Not give up &amp; not give a cr-- at all.Shows your lazy in the first place. Should have never been in our jails.Should have got your lazy butt turning them back across from day one.

Sure and Monkeys might fly out of my bu%%.

"Official says security not compromised"?  What are these people out of, their minds?

LIARS ! Our Federal government lies to us on a daily basis. ICE doesn't have a clue

They actually release thousands, not hundreds.

Can it get much worse?  Take them back to where they came from. They will rob and mug their way into our society and then get help and food stamps. Which we the real Americans have to pay for. STUPID STUPID STUPID.

What do we expect these government morons to say.......? Pathetic!Who is going to JAIL for this?  All I want to know.  Morton should at least be FIRED immediately?  How about Obama? Impeachment anyone.

Why didn't you take them home with you then ????????????

Sure they would say that! It was only a few thousand criminals turned loose!

Yes public safety was on their mind when they released thousands of illegals .That didn't need to be released in first place .That was a political move to scare Americans thats all.The public would never be in danger .But Arizona recaptured 100's of them because they had records .So who are we ta or Jan Brewer of Ariz.I believe Brewer more than Obama o believe Obamm

"Stupid" does not even begin to describe these mouth breathers.  Is there a special School for the #$%$ where Obama went to shop for people to head his departments?

I read a different report (not Fox News) that stated it was closer to TWO THOUSAND that were released . .. . can anyone confirm which figure is the actual number?

of course they told there bodyguards to watch there backs

Do you all feel that warm liquid streaming into your ear? That isn't rain!

They were released on the premise that it saved money... now we are spending money to catch and hold them again.  How is that saving any money?The administration is acting very childish in terms of sequester spending /not spending

Of course not. When would letting thousands of prisoners loose on the streets cause a problem?Team 0bama are such idiots.

This is a joke...all of DC is a bad joke playing out on the American people on this issue.  Illegals are illegals....send them all packing without amnesty...AMEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Maybe they were released on a promise to vote democrat in the next eleection?

They can just drive around mowing down pedestrians without impunity.

In other news - "Water is wet"If I did my job as well as these clowns, I'd be out of work.

Obama................should be reconize................as the NEW Mexican Prsident.............

LIE!!!

It isn't becauseof budget cuts, otherwise Americans would also be released.  This is just pos obama being his usual vindictive and punitive self.

and tobacco doesn't kill 1/2 million per year either

We are so screwed our political leaders in the Federal Goverments main job is suppose to be protecting the country and not a one them will go to jail for this travisty along with with the others they are allowed to lie under oath and everything else which would put us behind bars.It is time to say screw the law if they don't have to obey it why should we start calling your polititians and tell them that you no longer abide by their laws since they do not abide by themYeah, right.  And we should believe this Obama lacky why???

Depends on what your definition of a #$%$ is' eh John! Why do we so not believe you?

Does the Obama Administration think Americans are dumb? Maybe they have been around Pelosi--Reid--now Feinstein too long. When the leadership doesn't respect the law of the land, security is not threatened due to the release of all these illegals since the filibuster hadn't even occurred and these men/women of ALL nationality were roaming the streets.  Secretly done by Janet Napalitano (Homeland Security) law enforcement officers (who had caught them--a judge who had put them in prison) were not warned.  Anyone that has been in prison usually pursues and takes REVENGE on those who were responsible for capturing them.  The law enforcement's families--children are at risk.  Neighbors who turned them over to the police are at risk.  To have the  Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement John Morton to say anything else does not realize the gravity of this situation.Weinstein pushing for Gun control----she admitted to carrying a concealed weapon and knows how to use her gun. Now Federal background checks determine our FREEDOM to carry or even have a weapon to defend ourselves.  If you are seeing a psychiatrist, you won't be allowed to have a weapon. Psychiatrist are to report their patients--their meds--in a BLACK BOX---now the FEDS have your info.  Your chances of having a weapon just went down the tube.  Weinstein and the Democrats place themselves in a separate category (which by the way) could change their minds by tomorrow.  Just look at the Clintons---first they were against GAY MARRIAGES---then Bill Clinton stated his opinion had changed.  Yesterday it was Hillary.  Bill was a step ahead of his wife--or if they had been wise they would have appeared together--making a statement in unison--but didn't.The view of Pelosi was seen in the 2012 election.  Pelosi was holding up a huge sign saying 'WE MUST SAVE THE WORLD".  I guess that is why the Democrats can't balance a budget because if we (the USA) tries to BALANCE THE ENTIRE WORLD'S BUDGET---we are doomed.  Last I heard---the Congress was responsible for the USA---FIRST.  22 million Americans are still without full time jobs--part-time work--or no job at all.Wisdom would say---you are first responsible for the people of America.  Wisdom would make one realize it isn't America's place to give $1.4 Billion dollars to Egypt when Saudi Arabia is a friend and gives them money too.  Wisdom would make one realize BRING OUR TROOPS HOME FROM IRAQ and AFGHANISTAN---Karzi in Afghanistan just threw out a special unit because he didn't TRUST THEM---the fact is---IRAN is giving KARZI money. Americans realize the truth-the desperate need for America to take care of Americans--and not PLACE THEM IN DANGER RELEASING PRISONERS--placing law enforcement officers and families in DANGER.

I guess American citizens have become this ignorant to be fool by this garbage. Illegal is all the reason why they are a high risk to our security because we don't know who or what they are. Homeland security needs to be replaced.

"Driving on the wrong side of a freeway at 90 mph does not put anyone in danger."  Jumping out of a plane without the benefit of a parachute does not endanger anyone."  So many stupid things can be said in the same vein and these bureaucrats seem to keep a straight face.  Amazing at OUR stupidity.

A complete lack of wisdom.

." What is the penalty for aiding illegal aliens?Aiding, Abetting, Harboring, or Encouraging Illegal Aliens is a FelonySection 8 USC 1324

This guy is sick. All illegal immigrants needs to be deported ASAP. We need to review our immigration laws, but we do not need 13M new Obama voters getting Obamacare on my dime. The people released back into our towns and cities, went to jail for a reason. Duh.

What is wrong with these elected officials. I want a do-over.

Whenever *any* criminals are released from prison,there will always be a security and safety issue. These illegals are criminals,and many are likely violent in nature. So, releasing them into society *doesn't* pose any threats or security issues? Like those little ankle bracelets are going to stop them from killing someone or robbing someone?These people are insane to let them out of prison and this order to let them out was likely a knee jerk,temper tantrum reaction from Obama like stopping the WH tours for children was.Whenever *any* criminals are released from prison,there will always be a security and safety issue. These illegals are criminals,and many are likely violent in nature. So, releasing them into society *doesn't* pose any threats or security issues? Like those little ankle bracelets are going to stop them from killing someone or robbing someone?These people are insane to let them out of prison and this order to let them out was likely a knee jerk,temper tantrum reaction from Obama like stopping the WH tours for children was.

Why is it we never hear, what will happen to the million of US citizens that lost there jobs,because of the cheap labor, going to illegals ? How come no one is worried about thelarge number of Americans that will not find jobs in industry cause they were outsourced?WHAT ABOUT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE?

he's a fool.

This is what they should have done: Upon releasing the illegals immediately deport them back to Mexico or country of origin. Now this is what's going to happen: The vast majority of illegals released will resort to criminal activity in hopes of going back to prison. Reason why, so they get taken care of for free (most criminals with records are considered unemployable)  and because unless reformed, they will maintain the same criminal mindset. I have a feeling the majority of illegals released occurred in California, which does not recognize victims rights to begin with, and also explains why none of them were deported. The level of criminal activity these illegals pose to society will cost the state far more than it would have if they'd deported them. Now this future problem will demand a future solution and because the ones making these decisions are insane, the cycle of problem/solution=more problems/solutions will continue unchecked.

Then, why the heck were they in prison? Listen, this guy is only a lap dog for obama, He was told exactly what to say. No more, no less. You think this guy wants obamas goons after him and his family? Look at him. He's afraid. He should be. We all should be. Freedom is  going away, with obamas big govt., and his socialism programs. Keep your families and your guns close.

What the hell would you expect a libturd assistant administration official to say, we know they are security concerns but we dont give a #$%$.  The Republicans made us do it.

Yeah right.

if not why were the criminals in jail to start with, make the IDIOT pay back what it took to put them in jail and see if he thinks it's a breach then

Whew!!!! That makes me feel better. Just them saying it makes it so.

I suppose the budget didn't have enough funds for a bus ride to Mexico either.Is that why we have to keep our houses and garages locked up even when we're home to keep the illegal mexican thieves out?  Is that why we have over 300,000 illegal mexican sex offenders in this country?  Is this why we have 12 year old girls being raped by illegal mexicans?

Funny how when ICE makes a big raid, they have apprehended dangerous criminals, but when they turn them loose they are no threat to public safety.

The liberals can release into society ILLEGAL (meaning violated US law) aliens and say they will not cause any problems, but then they want to ban firearms from law abiding US citizens because they may create problems ! Liberal thinking, upside down and backward !

If sequestration was averted...were they going bring them back to jail? This was done strictly for PR purposes.

Put the illegals in his neighborhood.

And we're suppose to believe that??

Why were they in jail then?????

Well, gee, what else are they going to say?  Mr. Morton needs to be fired.

.......the inmates are running the asylum.

Why not give them a house and a new car! The Mexicans seem to be getting everything they ask for - they even get away with marching down the street demanding rights!"Official says security not compromised by illegal immigrants' release"They're talking about THEIR security, not the American citizen's.  But we knew that.

As a political asylum officer with DoJ (later with DHS) I often interviewed cases of undocumented aliens who feared persecution in their native countries.  Some involved an adult or a couple with a child or two held in specialiazed ICE "family detention" in a limited number of sites, one in Berks County, PA and another in Texas.  Believe me, these folks were no threat to anyone, but their incarceration cost taxpayers a fortune while they awaited immigration hearings.I was not alone in suggesting that it would be good to have them reside in the kinds of halfway houses funded and staffed by church-based non-profit groups and private NGO's while awaiting their court dates.  Some even had relatives with whom they could stay temporarily.  This is essentially what ICE has done with this move ... reviewing the least problematic cases and arranging to have them be less of a burden to taxpayers.  Makes a great deal of sense.

LIAR LIAR PANTS ON FIRE......

So, we, the govt. can't settle our budget problems thus we, the govt will release prisoners unto you, the people and tell you, the people it's o.k. and not to worry, nothing to see here...move along....just keep paying your taxes.

Guy looks like a zombie deer in the headlights.

I am an avid Republican voter but never again will I vote for, donate to or volunteer to help any republican who backs amnesty for illegal immigrants while our country is in such dire straits. SAVE OUR COUNTRY FIRST!!!

A felon freed after he could not be returned to Haiti after Obama halted deportations to the island nation following the January 2010 earthquake.Instead, after becoming a twice-convicted felon in 2006 and serving five years in prison, Kesler Dufrene was simply released in October 2010 rather than being deported as ordered by an immigration judge. Less than two months after his release, the drifter who lived in Manatee Country, Florida slaughtered three people, including a 15-year-old girl, on Jan. 2, 2011, after breaking into a home.Investigators never had the opportunity to interrogate him. Just 18 days after the murders, Dufrene shot and killed himself when he was cornered by police after an unrelated break-in and shooting in nearby Bradenton, Florida.

It would have made more sense to drop kick them on the border and release low crime legals if they were trying to save money but the dumb(a)sses don't get it!

This was part of Obama's punishment to us for HIS sequestration plan being put into effect against his wishes.

ROTFLMAO, What would they say, "This is a horrible danger and the whole world is gonna plucking end"?Do we really expect anything but the party line from anyone in washington?yeah, right !!!!

Official says security not compromised by illegal immigrants' release....Of course he does.

Lies and more lies now from Mr, Morton, mouthpiece for the Administration.  "Budget cuts" were all to the detriment of Americans and American values.  Cuts made to food inspectors, air controllers, etc., but not to gifts to illegial criminals and the likes of countries such as Egypt.  The administration sure has made known where its sympathies lie.

BULL, one crime committed by any of these cockroaches is a breach of security.

raise your paw if you expected them to say that  security was compromised by illegal immigrants' release

"Official says security not compromised by illegal immigrants' release"First, they're not "illegal immigrant"; they're illegal aliens and invaders.Second, if you believe that they're not a threat to security, that's proof that your stupidity is a threat to security.

Now how do you suppose they knew the GOOD  from the BAD guys??? AND the only savings were food and lodging, NO reduction of work force, just fewer mouths to feed ..... another Obummer FIASCO ..... These people are complete FOOLS!!!!!!

lol

I did not notice you releasing any in your cities.  Only in ours.  We are the ones in danger and then you threaten to take away our second amendment rights.  Try again, buddy.  This is Texas.

Gee, if we want to save money, why not DEPORT them!!!!!  Dumb....dumb....dumb....Whew. That's a relief.

THIS SHOULD HAPPEN IN EVERY STATE IF IT DID THERE WOULD BE NO MORE ILLEGAL ALIENS.... THIS HAPPENED ON 10/31/2012. Want to stop the illegal alien killing of jobs for honest people?“A Wichita-based McDonald’s franchisee was charged Wednesday with knowingly accepting a fraudulent identification document that was offered as proof that a manager was eligible to work, according to the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the District of Kansas.McCalla Corp. has agreed to plead guilty to an immigration charge and pay a $400,000 fine, U.S. Attorney Barry Grissom announced today. The plea is expected to be entered in the next three weeks.”Find a couple of places in each city and you see how quickly Mexico becomes re-populated. Enforce the laws, end the Obama amnesty, stop the issuance of welfare and driving licenses and you will see how quickly illegal aliens go home. $400,000 is a lot of money for ONE illegal alien. Find a company with a dozen and close them down. if this would happen there would be none left. and YES WE CAN , NOW WERE HAVE I HEARD THAT BEFORE!!!!

BS.  The last number I heard was two thousand, and weeks before that it was two hundred.  And no one is going to get me to believe this wasn't politically motivated by Oblah-blah, to put pressure on the GOP in Congress.  Sorry, but his dark behind isn't invisible to me.

Why would it matter, they never do anything to them when they catch them doing anything criminal anyway, they just let them go and do not even contact Immigration. As for the assurance of Directer Morgan, would he even know if they picked up a murderer or rapist or pedophile in his own city,much less in another state.And the government wonders why we want the Right to Bear Arms?

Illegal - such a hard word for liberals to understand.

The most recent Obama narrative presented by people happy to tell the American people Obama's lies for a paycheck.

When will they be releasing American prisoners of the war on drugs?  It would make more sense to release actual Americans and deport the criminal invaders.

Yeah and the sky isn't blue either.

US official will say anything to save his #$%$

If they were going to release them it should have been back across the border.If these folks were being held in camps then why not drive them to the border upon release. This sham makes no sense.

I am sure his crystal ball is about the same shape as his head and equally accurate.

We need to Impeach and vote out all of them. They are all killing this once great Country. The Secret Service and arrest you with a felony basically at will. The patriot act, Home land Security.  Attack on our 2nd amendment rights. Letting illegals do what they want. Wait sorry undocumented immigrants. Remember we as America got lectured on this. They can’t pass a budget. I would have lost my job a long time ago if I could not make a budgets. We need to let them know we are done with the  #$%$ and start acting like a bunch of little pansies. And I really don’t care who’s feelings get hurt. Grow up and realize this is life #$%$!

One word or is it two:   Bulls_   _  t!!

Call in and regularly or wear a ankle bracelet...these are illegal's breaking the law, yeah, I'm sure they'll all do the right thing!

You mean "ILLEGAL ALIENS"! Once again, the Feds are playing "catch and release" and making excuses for it. Catch them. If they committed a crime, prosecute them. If they didn't, DEPORT THEM!

Hey, is this any different than catch and release when you're fishing?

I bet this guy smokes dope, and says he doesn't inhale, too.

Can't fix STUPID... just get rid of them and doesn't matter how.

there is a question we will probably never know.  why was it illegals they released?Didn't they already Compromise the Security of the United States when they came into the country illegally ????????

Save the illegals from extinction Practice....... CATCH AND RELEASE

so with his word if any american gets hurt raped killed or ect is this permission to sue the government? i hope so

The people who might be in a position to contradict him are either dead, still in the hospital or being held for ransom.

This is just obama punishing americans when he doesn't get his way.  Vindictive and punitive at all times.

If it wasn't a big deal, why was it even reported? It was part of the Obama plan to try and get more money for him to spend. Same reason the White House tours were canceled.

What i find hilarious is that the budget cuts don't really do anything to the budget at all. It's like cutting the bathroom lights for the janitor's room below the stadium and still leaving the stadium lights on night and day. Maybe bad analogy but either way these budgets are laughable and it hurt some really good programs like assistance for military soldiers going to school as incentives.And even outside of immigration issues these things should not have happened. Foreign aid should have been cut first and our country taken care of first instead of falling apart and letting things like this happen.And from the thousands released I sincerely doubt they know fully on what they did. If they were already ready in removal proceedings...then what was the problem finishing it?

Oh so it's the catch and release program, Job security

We need a revolution.

That's like saying the Jews weren't bothered much by the #$%$.Sooner or later the American public is going to get fed up with just talking on here and hit the streets - Can't wait!

Our new Catch &amp; Release Program!

an illegal immigrat    under  ICE  supervision -   only  in America ...if  they are  illegal   &amp;  ICE  knows where  they are -  why  are they still here ????simple friggin math .....

If any of the released invaders goes on to kill a US Citizen, the bureaucrats responsible for their release should be summarily executed for their treason.

Our laws need to keep up with the changes re: citizenship and dealing with illegals: Since 1/1/05, Ireland's law re: citizenship = Entitled to Irish citizenship if your parents are Irish. Entitled to Irish citizenship, if your parents are foreign nationals LEGALLY resident in the island of Ireland for 3 out of 4 years immediately prior to your birth.

Why were they not deported???

Reminds of when Nixon got caught repeatedly lying. "That statement is no longer operative."was the way he put it.

Why the HECK are we paying for detaining these criminals and now paying for their "alternative form of ICE supervision" ????  Send them the heck back to where they came from. I am so sick of the political correctness bull, it has now taken priority over LAWS, our country's security and any semblance of a damn budget, ENOUGH already. We do not owe illegals a damn thing other than a 1 way trip back over the border in shackles.

Remain calm! No need for panic!   Yeh, right.

Why aren't the police arresting these people? They broke the law, what part of "illegal" is hard to understand?They were all released with an absentee voter card.

AND THEY paid the guards OVERTIME to process them THEN let them go

They must think that we are so stupid that none of us have figured out by nowthat every last one of these idiots are not just lying, but way too stupid me even make the decision as to who is a danger and who isn't. The very fact that they are in there ought to make them hang their heads in shame for releasing them in the first place. Other than putting their butts on a bus back to Mexico. Which is what should have been done in the first place. Why waste our prison space?

Obama at his finest: pro-misery for Americans; pro-freedom for criminals.

What a joke. Let's recap locally here.Fort Worth's Most Wanted Fugitive, a serial child rapist was just apprehended at the Mexican border trying to go home, he was an illegal. The rapist in jail now in Dallas for serial rapes and illegal entry of women's homes, a Mexican. A rape last night in Dallas, and illegal entry, a fat latino male. The guy just extradited from mexico to face murder charges, was originally deported as an illegal.The list is really too long to regurgitate, yea I feel safer already, don't you?

Go #$%$ yourself John Morton, you should be right along with them ilegals

The stupidity of this country

Kinda the same when Joe American applies for assistance and gets denied yet the illegals get their checks coming each and every month.

Funny the seem to have plenty of money to keep the Americans Locked up Just not enough for the Illegals...

Of course security for public officials is not threatened they have secret service, and paid armed guards that most cant afford. We the proletariat have nothing but the 2nd ammendment to protect ourselves and they would love to take that away.You started out already LYING to Americans about how MANY you released. I am pretty sure we don't believe anything else you'd have to say. Idiots! Incompetents! Fools!Just what ARE the intentions of Obama and his administration if first, Holder releases weapons to criminals on the streets and then Morton/Napolitano releases hundreds of thousands of ILLEGAL aliens onto our streets? What do you think we would THINK??????????

Security is compromised with a community organizer in office.

Nice job Obama. Emptying the jails in a hissy fit was worthy of Castro and Saddam.

im pretty sure we are the only country who treats our criminals with the up most respect

The same U.S. official that released these illegals?  Can we trust what they said?

Welcome to Obamamerikka Redux---SCAMNESTY for illegal aliens but only HOAX &amp; CHAINS for the American people.

I hope you true Americans feel insulted by the continuous lies coming out of the White House. More propaganda.

Gee, can you imagine them saying that? Seems like a day doesn't go by that there isn't some liar from the O'Bama administration out there doing about the only thing that this administration seems too have a talent for. Lying!! The transparency of this President is blinding too say the least.

if the people from homeland security and immigration were standing next to jesus christ i would not believe them,very dysfuntional agencies that have been lying to us from day one.if this administration give you a number,lets say 11 million illegal immigrants then you better double the number to 22 million.

Has anyone looked on the govt. web site and seen for themselves the amount of funding for these agencies?  I can tell you all that ICE and BP are NOT hurting for funding in the legislation that is being voted on right now that will go thru Sept. 30.  If, by guess and by golly, they actually stay in town for the next few months, we may get a budget for next year as well.  Of course, both the SEnate and the House have different versions for the Dems and the GOP, one will continue to spend their merry way, the other does try to be a bit more conservative.  If they could meet somewhere in the middle, we would be good to go.if one of those people hurts an american citizen those individuals responsable for releasing them should be charged convicted and jailed

and they were in jail for being honest,law abiding CITIZENS?

I see another 9/11 in progress thanks to those so-called idiot officials !!!!

Does the Obama Administration think Americans are dumb? Maybe they have been around Pelosi--Reid--now Feinstein too long. When the leadership doesn't respect the law of the land and the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement John Morton who makes  erratic statement such as: security is not threatened due to the release of  thousands of illegals.   It wasn't necessary for our Dept to inform the law enforcement officers in those States of how-when-or who was being released.  After all, security is not compromised.Ask any law enforcement officer who have arrested and placed anyone in jail---they have placed themselves on the line of REVENGE as well as, their families and children for doing their job.  The leaders in DC don't understand true law enforcement so the illegals get a FREE RIDE---did they release any Americans who are being detained in jails? No--I have just heard ILLEGALS.  In absence of wisdom, stupidity reigns.Weinstein pushing on Gun control----she admitted to carrying a concealed weapon and knows how to use her gun.  Federal background checks determine our FREEDOM to carry or even have a weapon to defend ourselves. If you are seeing a psychiatrist, you won't be allowed to have a weapon. Psychiatrist are to report their patients--their meds--in a BLACK BOX---now the FEDS have your info. Your chances of having a weapon just went down the tube. Weinstein and the Democrats place themselves in a separate category (which by the way) could change their minds by tomorrow. Just look at the Clintons---first they were against GAY MARRIAGES---then Bill Clinton stated his opinion had changed. Yesterday it was Hillary. Bill was a step ahead of his wife--or if they had been wise they would have appeared together--making a statement in unison--but didn't.The view of Pelosi was seen in the 2012 election. Pelosi was holding up a huge sign saying 'WE MUST SAVE THE WORLD". I guess that is why the Democrats can't balance a budget because if we (the USA) tries to BALANCE THE ENTIRE WORLD'S BUDGET---we are doomed. Last I heard---the Congress was responsible for the USA---FIRST. 22 million Americans are still without full time jobs--part-time work--or no job at all.Wisdom would say---you are first responsible for the people of America. Wisdom would make one realize it isn't America's place to give $1.4 Billion dollars a YEAR to Egypt when Saudi Arabia is a friend and gives them money too. Wisdom would make one realize BRING OUR TROOPS HOME FROM IRAQ and AFGHANISTAN---Karzi in Afghanistan just threw out a special unit because he didn't TRUST THEM---the fact is---IRAN is giving KARZI money. Americans realize the truth-the desperate need for America to take care of Americans--and not PLACE THEM IN DANGER RELEASING PRISONERS--placing law enforcement officers and families in DANGER.  What we have is a Govt who does not respect the people who elected them into office.Reply

Yeah I was talking with Madam Bamboozalah on the Psychic Hotline last week ,and she predicted that that was exactly what these bold faced liars would say. Next it will be another You Tube video. I guess O'Bama is running out of strategies too cove for his ineptitude.

I'll just go ahead and call it. BS!

This pudknocker Morton needs to be fired at a minimum.

I'm not sure who are the bigger idiots, The bo administration, or the people who voted them in

Goofball, let these people loose in DC and then give us a status report. Pres buckwheat is out of control

millions of people come here, no one knows from where......but it is ALL OKAY huh.....surrrrreeee, all your friends are they...scammers......"In reducing detention levels, we took careful steps to ensure that national security and public safety were not compromised by the releases," he said...WE MUST look stupid.

What is going to happen is when these illegal criminal immigrants commits  crimes = lawsuits will come fast and furious. So be it!

I think Morton looks like a zombie? No threat on release? Really? Is that kinda like Owebama saying 17 trillion is not a problem? Duh!

This was not an accident of timing, rather staged to scare everyone that the sky is falling because those mean ole rebublicans will not let me keep spending and spending and spending...

does this mean that the 20 million plus ILLEGAL CRIMINAL IMMIGRANTS ARE A SECURITY RISK " to AMERICAN TAX PAYERS !!

mexico is here.  you better learn spanish.  because they arent going to like you speaking english.

Then move them all into his neighborhood, pos.

Every one of these government officials should be arrested!! They  have put the lives of Americans at risk and endangering the welfare of the USA!

What an idiot, these people should have been in jail only long enough to send their illegal but back home. allowing these people to be here illegally was wrong to begin with.

We will be back............Who is the one person who gives a thumbs down???  Could it be ICE director John Morton??

The Federal government, as well as the state of Caifornia in conjunction with the Mexican government, have cooperated in providing information within Mexico on how to enroll in the US Food Stamp Program.  The Washington politicians know that most Latin Americans are socialists, so will support the added step forward to the US becoming a totalitarian communist state.  The Republicans are owned by the same bankers who own the Democrats, so have willingly acceded to this agenda.

the government has assured us that the illbegals were only given guns with standard size ammo clips.

They can't catch most of them amd now they are releasing the ones they did catch. Good work.

Hmmm.....don't believe a damn thing they try to say to thwart their stupidity!!!

yeah right!  With illegal arounds, job security of Americans are compromised!

Next terrorism attack in this country ...this government should be sued for not protecting americans... Letting illegals go..lose... Without regard to the safty of america... Shame on this government..!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

obama is a God Dam Fool !

Actually the number was reportedly in the thousands, not hundreds, and they started before the sequestration even kicked in.  I don't know, call me silly but couldn't we just deport these people instead of releasing them within the US??

this is  #$%$ OBMAM way of geting what he wants . The  GOP better not give in one bit. All the money we spend on the illeages could be but to good  use on our own get them the he// out of here.Better yet, move them right next to the White House and let the Secret Service deal with them.I mean after all they should have time since they won't let our citizens visit it anymore.

Nothing but more Lies.  So far 121 dangerous criminals are having to be recaptured and the count keeps rising.  These are known murders, rapists, thiefs, etc.etc.  They care nothing about the safety of US Citizens, they only care about the future votes from all of the Illegal Aliens.

Typical gov't coverup, #$%$!

Their ILLEGAL, DEPORT THEM !!!!!!!!

What he meant to say was that HIS security was not compromised because he is protected by security. The fact that American citizens lives have been put at risk is apparently not his concern.

why not release them back in mexico?

Guess 20 hundred released that we would call thousands; could be called hundreds. Just in case the Supreme Court leads us to anarchy by finding against Arizona's voter regastration law, O now has 2000 times the number of votes they cast, new voters. Plus he thinks this will scare the voters into demanding more taxes and less cuts. How many aliases can o find these illegals. He is the one to know how to do it.

Those released, were being held because of other crimes and deemed High Risk in the first place.

"The release of illegal immigrants from detention due to budget concerns was undertaken with care to ensure that security was not compromised."What a load of manure. The release of illegal immigrants from detention due to budget concerns [that had not happened yet] was undertaken with care to ensure that {the American citizen knew THEY WOULD BE PUNISHED if they tried to tell Obama he can't spend their money anyway he pleases, until they are as far in debt as he wants them to be.]

Has this administration told the truth about anything??? What about Bengazi??? What about voter fraud???  How about obama Birth Certificate???  How about his SSN card?? How about his selective service registration????  College transcripts sealed!!!!  Need I go on?Damage control for Obama's tantrum over the sequester.

The cuts require a nearly $300 million reduction in the agency's budget BUT the agency currently has $9 BILLION with a B in unspent preparedness funds.

wow, I sure hope you issued them housing, food stamps and voter ID cards with that release! wouldnt want them to feel suppressed!

They really should bus them all to el paso and make them walk to jaurez, regardless of where they came from.

And the sun will rise in the West starting tomorrow!  Sounds like the Immigration and Customs Enforcement Director has a few bridges for sale up in Brooklyn.

what the h(e)ll did you expect them to say?

" no no you boneheads not your security! Ours!" how about the empty fema camps instead releasing criminals.are they not good enough? Or are those being saved for americans?

What a crock of #$%$!!!

He's right!....Just the people's lives who live in those cities are at risk.....

Sounds like another fast and furious deal. Maybe we should ask the border patrol about how they felt. Your excuses are lame and unAmerican.Wow, I wonder how many people have been robbed, injured or killed by those released?

They release criminals back into the streets yet they want to take away law abiding citzens right to own a gun#$%$

what part of across the board sequestration do you not understand???

right, no one talked to anyone, it was all done in a vacuum....then again, ????the next sacrificial lamb to be thrown under nobama's bus...

Nod, nod, wink, wink.

Careful my foot!! They opened the gates as soon as the budget was cut, that day.. Just releasing more criminals into the streets, no big deal to them.. They all have security details, we just have guns...

One is suppose to believe their assessment....that I doubt!  I wonder if they know how many illegals that cross our borders were from governments that do no share our views, truly these guys spend to much time behind their desks and have no clue what is going on.

How can illegal not be a security threat?

This was STRICKLY a political move.. Congress and that AZZhat in the white house you should be ashamed..

BS. The ILLEGAL immigrants are criminals to start with then they were criminals when they were arrested on other criminal actions. How could they possibly be no risk?All they do is lie to the American people.

Is the goverment under the impression that the populace is worried about the security more than the rampant problem of just being here sucking up taxpayer money??

Hopefully the next time any of us get pulled over for speeding, the cop won't write a ticket. Or is it that it's okay to commit a crime only if one is an illegal immigrant?

Does the Obama Administration think Americans are dumb?  Maybe they have been around Pelosi--Reid--now Feinstein too long.  When the leadership doesn't respect the law of the land, why are we going to respect men/women who declare such things as:  security is not threatened due to the release of all these illegals being released on US soil------Feinstein on gun control where she in the past she herself carried a concealed weapon---but now the push is more FEDERAL CONTROL background check. If you are seeing a psychiatrist, your name is on a list and the FEDS have your name----want a gun--seeing a psychiatrist (you probably will not be approved)--but if Feinstein was honest (at some point) she may have needed counseling.  Then from there PELOSI holding up signs saying: "WE MUST SAVE THE WORLD"  no wonder a budget can be balanced---when we are saving the world from a major collapse the USA has stretched beyond their means---forgot AMERICA is a SEPARATE ENTITY and needs to sustain herself.  Harry Reid is stuck in the mud--in a groove--and nothing matters except what HE wants---and the voice of American's opposition is too ignorant to realize the BLOOMING mess in DC!Sound logic is absent in DC----the American people have a CHANCE to vote in 2014----GET RID OF ALL INCUMBENTS---we need a NEW BREATHE--FRESH IDEAS---and get out of the stalemate the US is drowning in---PLUS----GET OUR TROOPS OUT OF IRAQ-AFGHANISTAN---and everywhere else.  How do you feel about Obama allowing RUSSIAN TROOPS to hang around after the election of 2012?  Russian troops have a camp---some Americans have seen them---they have been stopped and was asked questions---seems like the SMOKEY MOUNTAINS is of interest.  Don't believe me--do a search---I saw the pics--of the RUSSIAN SOLDIERS---THEY ARE HERE to LEARN FROM US---the experts on SOLVING WARS----while Obama's choice Police Officers are in Israel for the past few weeks learning how to deal with a Chaotic situations---when they return, we will share that info with the Russians---this is a SOUND WORLD DON'T YOU THINK!

Security may not be threstened...but the way of life of law abiding LEGAL citizens sure in hell is!!!  DON'T JUST RELEASE THEM...DEPORT THEM.

Just another line of caca de toro!

Its a concern if you don't know where the E-Lee-Gulls are! Sound like a Liberal Excuss to me...

Basically, they are saying, "Government Officials continue to lie to the public for political reasons".   Beside they don't care what the public thinks unless you are making a campaign contribution, then only until the ink is dry on the check.

Does this surprise anyone? Barack OSAMA  and his crooked cabinet of chicago style pollitical thugs.

Just as the guns given to the mexican cartels wouldnt be pose any security problems for Americans!Then why were they locked up?If not a security threat, what kind of threat were they?We have morons in charge!

The only way to reform immigartion laws is to enforce them, deport them, and deny them any benefits for being illegal. no more food stamps, wellfare, or free healthcare and then thiere would be no reason for them to suck us dry.

this country lacks gonads.

these guys have told so many lies, they don't remember what they really did....

OBUMMER...you're suuuch an F'N TRAITOR TO THIS COUNTRY!I SPIT ON YOU AND ALL YOU STAND FOR!

They said they took "careful steps" if that be true, they should have left them in detention

of course this guy feels safe - he gets protected by guards armed with guns Feinstein doesnt want the rest of us to have

Just another OBOZO administration LIAR!!

Hey Morton, in the above picture, why do you have to have so many bodyguards.....hmmmm

What else would you expect him to say. The release was designed to make it look like the sequester is having devastating effects, ergo the gloom and doom projected by the WH would not come to fruition. No one is fooled Mr Morton.......and they want to take our guns.

Just what kind of idiots are running our country????

Here we go again, a slap to the true Americans. Looks at this guy face, guilt written all over it.

Morton,  you do remember your Oath of Office, don't you.....If I was the President, I would fire you faster, than Donald trump......glib talker.....

Want to save more money? Take ALL of the illegal aliens in detention to the border and tell them to leave and don't come back.  Take some of the ICE employees and make them border patrol and furlough all the office and administrative people in ICE!

How does Reuters get away with saying that "hundreds" were released? The Administration already admitted it was thousands, with thousands more scheduled to be released next month.They shouldn't be able to get away with these outright lies . . . . . .

Hell no it does not jeapordise them, they are all snugged up i d.c.

As if anyone believes that #$%$... Blatant lies!

This looks like Jim Carey in Liar,Liar.  Want to bet on the number who voluntarily return when scheduled ?  Or the number who commit new crimes against citizens ?  Or the number who self-deport ? (LOL).  Atleast pretend you are doing something and release Legal Felons. Shouldn't they get first chance at new criminal activity ?  Be American, Buy American, Steal American ?

They get more money for US Citizens in jail or, prison then they do for immigrants. Trust me, it is not about saving money or lack of room.They get more money for US Citizens in jail or, prison then they do for immigrants. Trust me, it is not about saving money or lack of room.

I hope some one ask him how many employees he was able to lay off. to save tax payer money since they don't  have any one to watch.

i got to say john morton is kinda ugly

Are you surprised? Where is a list of those incarcerated and their reason/charge for incarceration???? If they were illegally in the US why weren't they released in their home country outside of the US???You say,"The release of illegal immigrants from detention due to budget concerns was undertaken with care to ensure that security was not compromised." How many more are we housing in prisons that should be dispatched to their home country to save more money???We the people suspect you are phonus bolognus  or in English - FULL of Baloney!

Secure the boarder and we won't be having this conversation. How hard is this to understand?

"security not compromised by illegal immigrants' release"  Yea right, wait until one goes to harvard and then runs for president.

I wonder why the prisoners could not have been released into Mexico?

What BS.Perfect example of the government going into CYA mode.

If they are OK then why were they in jail in the first place?

we took careful steps to ensure that national security and public safety were not compromised by the releases," Morton said. then why did they not tell anyone until after not even the local law enforcement was notified. Not that I have much faith in what these politicians say anyway they all lieIf that is what this douche thinks, then RELEASE ALL of the ILLEGAL CRIMINALS in front of HIS HOUSE.

It is no wonder the candidate of choice for illegal aliens is Barry Soetoro. ICE catches them, Barry releases them, gives them give them voter registration cards, welfare and free healthcare.

Trey Gowdy - shades of John C. Calhoun!!!  ... What a great Congressman ... one of the few who represents  those of us who have neither voice or representation.

when the illegal immigrant is driving with no insurance and no drivers license and hits and kills someone.who is responsible?? Again the innocent tax payer has to pay and pay more for insurance because of this  action by the government..Of course free hospitalization for the illegals injuries while the tax payer has to pay for his injuries if he survives...or go home   without medical help and/or  big medical bills if he stays..Unfair!!!

Mr. Trey Gowdy gave Morton a verbal beating in those hearings and Morton just sat there and took it because he knows that he is one of many Presidential stooges that are using false flag and fear tactics for no reasons other than it being a political move by our President and his minions.

Another obama IDIOT. We have thousands of non-violent American citizens, in jails/prisons all over the U.SA..  Why can't they be released? Most of them have family members, or friends, who would take them in. But, not  the catholic church. If you are not 'spanish' speaking, they refuse to help you.

ICE is a farce of an organization who in John Mortons statement as well as others recenty has proven once again that they do not have our best interests in mind."ICE's primary mission is to promote homeland security and public safety through the criminal and civil enforcement of federal laws governing border control, customs, trade, and immigration. The agency has an annual budget of more than $5.7 billion dollars, primarily devoted to its two principal operating components - Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) and Enforcement and Removal Operations (ERO). "How can you say that you hold our security and safety in regard when you are simply ignoring the existing laws as well as your own mission so blatenty?

Seems like our own government is blackmailing us.

WHY WERNT THEY DEPORTED ????

John Morton current head of US ICE should be released into the pack of criminals he just let go.  How do these guys get a job in our government?You do not know who or how many is in this country.But your sure security is not comprimised.

Obama and his democrats must go, America cannot take anymore of this SOB, or the democrats that follow him.

Can you spot who the real lier is?

See, not politically motivated at all.  And it's all Bush's fault anyway.

for derilection of duty.

I heard some states, in an effort to control costs, were planning to let low risk, marijuana "offenders" go, and drop charges on them. Yet that hasn't happened. So as of right now. smoking marijuana is still more of a crime than coming into this country illegally.

And another illegal was just busted yesterday in my home town of DWI.....He hit a pole....Guess what????Free medical....No insurance, so my insurance goes up to pay for telephone pole...And he'll get OR and never show up in court....

So illegal does not mean illegal....You get what you vote for....And BTW, numbers can be made up...When you say u caught 100,000 another 800,000 got by...so don't throw that liberal #$%$ at people....Heres the bell curve........20% of the people create 80% of the crimes.....

another example of " A crackhead running the Pharmacy". Where do we get this level of stupidity from?

I know a few housewives that could balance the budget in two days!!FIRE THE BUM he did this for political reasons and tag he got caught who els is going to pay the bill ?

these a$$clowns need their heads handed to them

Mr. Morton is correct.  All the illegals will be obeying all laws after their release and not taking jobs from legal citizens.  They will also be taking showers and using deodorant.

RIGHT, those fine upstanding ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS were just hanging out in jail because there just wasn't enough work for them, now they're free to waddle down to the welfare office and get their EBT cards. Simplyaphuc(king)mazing.

Wonder how many he let go around his house?

Is this the same official who said it was only a few hundred that were first released and not the 6k+?

lol, when will you people wake up to the fact that liberals are the worst form of terrorist in this country.

LISTED BELOW are several of the arguments that have been used by misguided people to try and justify illegal immigration. Next to each is the reason why that argument has no merit.1) They are an economic necessity - Not true. The idea that a bunch of desperately poor, uneducated, unskilled, non-English speaking foreigners are an economic necessity is ludicrous. In fact, when you compare cost vs. benefit, it is obvious that they are not only NOT a necessity, they are not even an asset. Rather, they are a liability and a huge one at that.2) They do work Americans won’t do - Not true. They do work Americans won’t do for $7 an hour (especially if Americans can collect welfare and unemployment instead). Of course, if you got rid of the illegals, the jobs wouldn’t pay $7 an hour. The people who wanted the work done would have to pay a wage that was attractive enough to get Americans to do the work. And it might even be enough to get Americans off the unemployment and welfare dole and back into the taxpaying workforce!3) We benefit from all that “cheap” labor - This is nonsense. The only people who benefit from the cheap labor are the unscrupulous people who hire illegal immigrants. Taxpayers are left holding the bag. Ultimately, it is they who must pay to support all the Americans who have been put out of work by illegals and must also provide billions of dollars in services and benefits to the illegals themselves.4) They are just trying to make better lives - Aren’t we all? The difference is that most of us understand that we DO NOT have a right to acquire by illegal means those things that we find difficult to acquire by legal means. And we certainly don’t have the right to do it in a foreign country.5) It is impossible to round up and deport the illegals - We don’t have to. All we have to do is remove the incentives that brought them here in the first place. No jobs. No housing. No taxpayer financed services or benefits (including education). Once we remove the incentives that brought them here, they will leave on their own.6) Immigration control is racist / xenophobic - This is just another play of the race card by people who have no other cards to play. Immigration control is the world-wide status quo. There is nothing racist about it. Furthermore, the USA welcomes LEGAL immigrants of all races and ethnicities from all over the world who have gone through the legal immigration process. This is not just a bad argument, it is an attempt to create racial hatred and division.7) We are a nation of immigrants - This is the “BIG LIE”. The vast majority of Americans are native-born. I am not an immigrant. Nor were my parents. Nor were my grandparents. We are a nation that has, historically, allowed and even encouraged LEGAL immigration. And we continue to do so. The issue at hand is illegal immigration, which has nothing to do with legal immigration.8) They are people. We must treat them humanely - Yes &amp; yes. But lets not pretend like they are victims who were dragged here kicking and screaming against their will. Nothing could be further from the truth. They came of their own free will and for their own benefit and they broke the law to do it. PEOPLE SHOULD NOT BE REWARDED FOR BREAKING LAWS AND COMMITTING CRIMES. SENDING THEM HOME IS THE RIGHT THING TO DO. There is nothing “draconian” or “mean-spirited” about it.9) It is wrong to break up families- Yes. Unfortunately, families are often broken up by criminal activity. If you don’t believe it, just drop by any prison or jail on visiting day. We can’t keep families together if some family members choose to participate in criminal activity.10) They work &amp; contribute to our society - So do I. And if I break the law and commit crimes, I can expect to pay a penalty of some kind. Anything from a small fine to the death penalty. I do not receive a reward. WHY SHOULD WE TREAT FOREIGN CRIMINALS BETTER THAN OUR OWN CITIZENS?

Hey Morton, I know 2000 illegals are laughing there #$%$ off at you...how does that make you feel , we are going to round up those 2000 illegals and bring them to your home residence door step, in that way you can personally guard them and EARN your wage.......

what about when they were all are sworn in to uphold the laws of the land, And what a stupid place to cut the budget, how aboutcutting  foreign aid and stop building mosques in countries that hate us/ DUHSecurity for the elite hasn't been compromised, what about the rest of us who live in the real world?

Morton, your actions...speak louder than your words, 2000 illegals back on our city streets, shame on you, 95 % of immigration agents are dedicated men and women, the other 5% is management...arrest those 2000, detain them, while transporting them to the boundary and release them as they walk across the line into mexico and wave bye-bye.....

OK.............and Obama says we don't have an immediate debt issue.

Why weren't they deported. They should be flown to their homeland and dropped off from about 30,000 feet!!

Should have been released at the border and forced to reenter mexico

Time to play Dip the waterboard John!

More lies and denial by the Democrats and ICE. These people should use their jobs. Also, I find it criminal that they did not go out immediately and try to round them up if it was a mistake. They sat on their butts and did nothing. To me, it is all a political ploy to make the GOP &amp; Tea Party look bad on Barack Obama's sequester.

oh yea and we believe you because democRAT LIBs never lie ------- everything a democRAT LIB says is a lie ---------- lie --- tax ---- borrow ---- spend ----- lie ---- tax ---- borrow ---- spend ---- the democRAT LIB agenda ------- All LIBs hate America ---------

If the released criminals don't pose a risk, why were they locked up in the first place?   Are these the same folks that said Benghazi was over a video?

This whole sequester was done to create maximum pain for us.  This comes from our elected leadership.LIARSBO had ICE release those criminals to punish Americans. That release will cause harm and possibly result in the death of an American.

Release George Zimmerman!!!

They should have never been detained in the first place.  If you can't prove you are here legally, then obviously you are here ILLEGALLY.  Catch and release.  IN MEXICO OR WHEREVER THEY ARE FROM.

The should have been deported to whatever Country they came from!

Somebody tell him that a prisoner with an ankle bracelet just cut it off , killed the mother and then raped her daughter!!And Obama wants amesty for the millions that live here?  There goes the country

Of course I believe them. It's not like they originaly lied about the total number being released or the seriousness of the criminal records of those released or anything.......

If these so called criminals are so safe why doesn't Morton, Napolitano and Obama take a few of them home with them and let them live with them.

Do they let U.S. Citizen criminals do this? Prisons look pretty packed but no one seems to want to let them out. And what is a "simple assault?"

do not trust our goverment

And black is white and right is wrong.and the line at the end of "the hunt for red october" is reallystarting to apply....."A little revolution now and then is a healthy thing, don't you think?"

believe nothing , question everything these people say they know nothing but how to lie and manipulate

That act clearly demonstrates that Agency and its parent Homeland Security.should be abolished.  -  Stupid is.  Stupid does.

Just when you think you have heard the stupidest #$%$ in the world more and better stupid shiyte comes out.....unbelievable, the people in our Government have totally and completely lost their minds.

Our current federal government officials must think that everyday Americans are stupid and lack the intellect to know what is the real truth.

The Department of Homeland Security plans to release 10,000 illegal aliens from detention centers in response to possible sequestration budget cuts, citing the unaffordability of maintaining the jails, while simultaneously building new detention centers for illegal aliens that cost tens of millions of dollars.Despite the fact that the budget cuts, which have been decried as apocalyptic by talking heads in the government and the media, will result in a mere 6% drop in non-entitlement government spending, the DHS has, “started releasing illegal immigrants being held in immigration jails across the country,” a week before the budget cuts even go into effect, reports AP.Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) is warning that “DHS might not be able to afford to keep the 34,000 immigration jail beds mandated by Congress,” with Janet Napolitano cautioning, “I don’t think we can maintain the same level of security at all places around the country with sequester as without sequester.”However, while complaining that budget cuts will make current detention facilities impossible to maintain, the DHS is simultaneously building multiple new detention centers with no concern for cost.Indeed, a solicitation for a new detention center planned for Laredo, Texas, to house 600 detainees including medical personnel, recreational facilities, libraries, courtrooms, and at least 65 staff was posted on the FedBizOpps website just yesterday.Last month, the DHS also posted a solicitation for a new detention center to be built in Georgia capable of housing up to 2000 detainees.Homeland Security is also spending $1 million dollars on annual rent - up from $300,000 – to move a family detention center to a new building in Leesport, Penn.Under the auspices of the DHS, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement also recently built five new detention centers in Florida, Texas, New Jersey, California, and Illinois.The federal agency is also spending money turning an old Walmart building into a new detention facility in El Centro, California.If the Department of Homeland Security is so broke that a relatively minor budget cut will make the $164 a day it costs to keep an illegal immigrant facing deportation jailed, while preparing to release one third of the entire illegal immigrant prison population, why on earth is it building new detention centers that cost tens of millions of dollars each to construct and operate?As TrimTabs’ CEO Charles Biderman outlines, the “sky is falling” mantra coming from government and media mouthpieces in relation to sequestration cuts is absolute #$%$. The state is committed to expanding the size of government at breakneck speed and that is the reason why it has surrounded the whole issue with inflammatory rhetoric about the country shutting down if Obama doesn’t get his way.

Release them? Why not send them back to the country they came from and send a bill along with them demanding payment for services rendered?

Operation Fast and Spurious.

They let out all the criminal illegal immigrants to do what they do best to USA { start crime in our country }

Whose security was he talking about?  His, or the general public?  I am sure he still feels very secure with where he lives and the protection afforded by the feds, but what about the general public that will have to deal with these "democrats in waiting?"Want more of this stupidity?  Elect more communist/democ_rats.

as the clintion #$%$ would say,... at the end of the day,... it doesn't matter

This is why we cannot allow another Amnesty to happen.  Our Borders are not Secure, and our Government fails to fully enforce our Current Immigration Laws.Write to your elected officials and demand they scrap any Amnesty plans.Get creative with your address and write to the Gang of 8 Senators that are currently working on another Amnesty.* Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.)* Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz)* Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz)* Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.)* Sen. #$%$ Durbin (D-Ill.)* Sen. Robert Menendez (D-N.J.)* Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.)* Sen. Michael Bennet (D-Colo.)

As a retired Federal Law Enforcement Officer I find the explanation to be utterly ridiculous and totally unacceptable.  We don't release "Citizens" in Federal custody due to upcoming budget cuts.....we should not release illegal immigrants either. Whom ever made this decision should be fired.  The person will probably will get promoted as we all know the federal government promotes employees to the highest level of their incompetency (and some much higher). It is the wrong message and signal to send to all the illegals waiting to cross.  Now they know we will not prosecute them and they will be flown home to try again.  What kind of leaders do we have in Washington DC? This is ignorant.  We need change now.

Only an obama official would say releasing known felons into the general public is not a threat.  Nice job!  Next you will hear giving up your guns is not an attempt to make this a dictatorship.

Only judges can grant prisoners releases how can a supervisor authorize the releases.

B.S. This was an Obama in your face America. I didn't get my way(actually he did because the sequester was his idea) on sequester so I'm making it hurt. like I said it would. Still, why were they released before the sequester took place? To show the American people and conservative and those who believe in the rule of law that dictators don't. Republicans in the house should cut off ALL money to immigration. Demand the firing o0f whomever (up to and including the president) who authorized this. All immigration reform should be put on hold and held up by republicans.

all these huge money amounts are probably out there in mass funding/housing for that value; but they're also like that to impress on people how much it's worth in putting it in right, trial &amp; error likely, but also developing &amp; accruing new products.

nice  and they know this how?

rivalry over products sales &amp; dedicated customers enhanced by the marking of persons viewing various sites, is inciting just a small riot.  someone envisioning that 'you called them' they have dibs on you,your house,family,etc.  that is why so many put on recordings because of that.  some persons get into an interview or on a personal level as often &amp; become violent or upset.  those work at seeing you alone, which is the furthest thing from anyones mind that they would want to do.Lies.

sorry, for DWI, for all u #$%$ that nothing else to do except look for proper grammer...

why not release the detainees there in gitmo bay?   we dont have the money to prosecute.  release all criminals because there is no laws.

tobacco; there's no sanction on herbal remedies or the constant tirade to prove that tobacco is completely safe to use &amp; makes you the butt of non stop getting you into a 'club' or place no one wants to be.

the security of the United States has already been breached.   by allowing a new world order into the United States.  attacks on the 2nd admendment.  and the rest of the Constitution for that matter.  whom are you trying to appease.   illegal immigrants?  the white house admin. is part of the problem.  obamas dictatorship.  jihadist groups here in the US.  terrorists being able to cross the US/mexico border with out even a security checksecurity of the United States has already been compormised.

your mortgages,contracts; depending on your position, may only talk about whole parcels of land,housing.  anyone subjected to differing 'town activities, mainly id'ing,recording,paying,security activities' along with block rows of housing; someone only held to one house (probably against a court order,these nice people) and the target of usual activities, are likely not going to remember family/neighborhood/rural co-op welfare rules.  neither would they be aware that each time someone holds another election, they could walk through neighborhoods &amp; demand whatever or demean,hold,another person in constantly derogatory attention to someone who isn't doing anything.

It is easy to say they are not a danger. When one of them kills someone, then it will be just an aberration. Kind of like saying Obama is always on the job until you ask Benghazi victims.

that influence of 30 days &amp; the threat of people running through your house like the army for god sake; they already id'd you at the border, if you &amp; your car get tied up in repairs,food shortage, no reason to add military imprisonment on top of that; you're killing me &amp; no, you can't find housing anywhere which is what 'everyone' does here.

It was THOUSANDS released,not hundreds!!!!! Here we go again,putting a spin on it! Please someone in this Administration tell the truth on anything.

you can imagine what it was when taxes could be drawn in both countries on top of being in someone elses territory; it ain't fun &amp; games.What's next??? We only released the murderers...they'll only kill their own??  Give me a break...How do they know who they let go???

no , security is compromised with the open border.

Last report i seen said 1,000 a week for 3 weeks where released - where does this reporter come up with hundreds?I bet they did not release anyone in their neigborhoods!!!!Do you all really believe that obama or the homeland security chief did not authorize this?And if they did not than the people who did should be fired and tried for breaking a federal law.

The official must live in a gated community with a guard.

I agree they should have been released,  ABOUT 50 MILES SOUTH OF THE BORDER. They are jailed for being illegal immigrants, so we release them back into our country. A perfect example of why the government is too stupid to know if it is day or night putside.

They are still a drain on the economy by getting free stuff.  Im military and i lost my college but yet they get to keep their free college.  They closed chowhalls in the morning for budget costs but yet they did not reduce welfare for illegals.  So criminals get treated better than military who are actuall doing this country a service for their paychecks....

Were they sent back to their countries???  If not America will still be paying for them soon on unemployment checks.

ICE Director along with everyone else should be fired and Obama impeached.

If just one crime is committed by these illegals, the decision makers in this huge mistake should be fired and their supreme leader impeached!

Hey,The terrorist are comming for them. They need to gaurd themselves first and foremost.Forget about you and me!! It is all about them now!This is an Obama tactic to turn 12 million illegal immigrants into Democrat voters! Plain and simple.

what he ment to say is his security is not compromised.

You Sheeps voted for that trash!!!

best thing to do, is call your congress rep.  and demand that obama be impeached, and that the white house admin,  should resign its commision.  enforce military code of justice.

Morton is a moron and lying democRAT hack.  Other'n THAT, he can be taken at face value.

Aught to make the illegals border security ... They'd work for nothing and would know how , when and where to look for illegals crossing ...

So why were they in jail in the first place knucklehead?

Release was caused by budget cuts that had not happened yet? Of course if the public was put a risk Mr. Morton would be eager to explain how he had screwed up.  Right?

If your going to release anyone it should be 2,228 Americans, not border jumpers who are illegal and broke the law of this country when they slithered across the border in the first place !

The government has screwed Americans out of their future, and the illegals will inherit a nightmare.U.S. official says security not compromised by illegal immigrants' release? Taking into consideration the fact that there are 11 million illegals in USA I'd like to know what security they are talking about?

One thing is for certain; releasing illegal alien invaders who should have been deported did not HELP security in any way.

Yah,...this guy has S$%T for Brains and my #$%$ sucks buttermilk

More dem-o#$%$!!!

If they are not going to enforce immigration laws an let those they lock up go, why not close down the INS and save the taxpayers some money.

John Morton is a blithering idiot.

All you have to ask is one question:  Why were they locked up in the first place?

About par for the course for this criminal gang led by Obama. Layoffs from the budget cuts while he gives Egypt a $Billion to the Muslim Brotherhood ro run the country. We should just give them flags to burn and the boot to Obama.

We have the WRONG people in office ......

Release Lindsay Lohan!!!Is this whole thing breaking down or am I just imagining the stories i am reading?

Baaaaaaaaaaaaaa  Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa  Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

Obama regime spokesman to the general public. This fire is not hot!

#$%$

What did anyone expect this guy to say?  He doesn't look very bright anyway but he was apparently bright enough to follow the current administrations line of bull.  "We didn't do that", "that is not our policy", that's just conservative propaganda" and so on and so on.

I wouldn't trust this administration to run a McDonald's.

I ask again, What security?  If we had "security", they would not be here in the first place!

That is one scary looking dude.

Hey does the guy in the picture at the podium look GAY QUA?

If "security was not compromised" with the release of the ILLEGALimmigrants why don't they release all LEGAL prisoners with SIMILAR crimes?Would save a lot of money and "no security compromised" with them either?I'd rather they had released LEGAL prisoners than this bunch of ILLEGALS.More fellon on the streets while trying to disarm law biding citizens? Nice plan dumbocrats!

Illegals are no Security risk! Check out who the reReuters reporter and editor are......

They were being detained for a reason you idiot.  All politicians and the people that work for them are ALL LIARS!

Look at the bottom of the story on who reported this story and who edited  it.   ????????

Terrorism is the use of intimidation or violence in the pursuit of political gain. Just thought you Ozombies should know!

I don't think anyone has a problem with them being released.  The problem is they were realized north of the border.

Amnesty, forcing homosexuals into the Boy Scouts, gay marriage.Diseased libs always support what's worst for America

How do they know?  Response is very self-serving as usual.

This sort of eff up is what you get whenever libs run things

Oh really, you release Multiple DUI offenders into the public, and you really think they are not a danger to others on the road?Tell that to the survivors of the victim's families when other crimes are committed against them or their property by those 2, 228 illegal immigrant criminals that were released.BULL-FECES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Of course, the despicable left-wing Reuters is going to say that the release of the illegal immigrants poses no danger to any of us. Why???? Because Reuters worships and adores Obama. Its editors and writers would gladly sell their children to the sex trade rather than report any news unfavorable to their beloved  Obama.We can be sure that if illegal immigrants were released by any GOP POTUS, Reuters would have assigned 1,500 reporters to document how reckless it was for that president to have released the illegal immigrants.

were they released in Mexico, where by law that is required?

Our Borders aren't secured but the U.S. is aiding to secure theirs?...This doesn't make sense at all..We are becoming weak....Its time to clean house!

Looks like we could save a lot of money gettin rid of ICE. If they are just going to let illegals go. There is no need for them them any more. Why pay them to pick them up and let them go.

illegals in custody? released on the street? because of budget cuts? why didn't they just deport them? more shenanigans from the white house. they should have given them a choice starve here in jail or starve in your own country.

they would say anything at this point-

RELEASE THEM TO MEXICO, fingerprint them, tell them if they are caught on this side of the border again they will be exterminated, then DO IT....WIll not take but 2 - 300 and the news will get out....Try going to Mexico &amp; working illegally and see what happens...Our prisons in the Southwest are 30% Illegals, most of them more than once, most of them been deported.....TAKE CARE OF THE AMERICANS.....and yes, that includes Mexican/Americans...Have lots of very good friends who are Hispanic, and they don't like the illegals either....OUR backwards government (DEMOCRATS  &amp; REPUBLICANS) don't mind not enforcing the laws because it doesnt affect them, they all have golden umbrellas and take enough bribes to keep them set.GREAT IDEA....Lets start using Illegals for our senate, house &amp; Congress, they will work cheaper, probably no less susceptible to bribes &amp; handouts.    Probably save us billions if not trillions...

all these people running the show are incompetent.

Undocumented is just a way of saying ..we dont wanna hurt the feelings of our criminals south of the border.  This administration puts political correctness over the well being of the country.  And, they do it routinely.  Traitors.

Were they deported-NO and to think Americans are stupid enought to believe that they will not commit crimes is the limit. History say when this happens we get a wave of crime-some violent from these people. This is a license for them to steal,kill, hurt, take and get even.Then why were they locked up. You know, a lot of us know that you #$%$ are a bunch of liars. We do not believe anything you people say. You are sickening. Maybe all of you liberals, socialists liars should be put in jail. I will hold the key and feed you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Released to  WHERE #$%$ HOLE

Madness!

Lets see....is the the same group of "gubberment officials" who said there was  no threat to the US before 9-11?  All these folks know is collect their government checks and perks and LIE to the public,

Just send them all back where they came from, not back onto streets here in united states!!!!!

Morton, another useless ICE official. If I ran ICE, criminals would run from the US by the millions.

When are we going to STOP all the nonsense going on within our federal gov't.  How can we continue to be duped and lied too and believe that it has our best interests in mind?  When are we as a people going say enough and rise up and take our country back from the liberal idiots that are in the positions to make the stupid decisions they are making?I'm so mad I could eat nails!  As a veteran I feel I've been betrayed having served to protect our country and then see it rot from within.

This is just a money shell game.  The money this agency saves becomes a burden on the wellfare system when the illegals they let out go right to the wellfare office for their foodstamps, "free" housing, etc.

does anybody know where and how I can download that song "Revolution" by the Beatles?

Propaganda lies!These too have their dreams, and I'm sure they too will be applying for citizenship under the dream act.   If you think they are not eligible? Stop thinking.

So, what they are really saying is, a 6.6% INCREASE in ICE's budget instead of a 8.8% increase, caused them to release 3,000 Criminal Aliens.

Release all the criminals...rapists, murders, child-molesters, robbers! None of them "pose a threat" , right???For the love of God, what in the he11 is happeneing?Open mouth, insert g*n...that's pretty much were some people are headed. "Americans dropping like flies due to suicide..."

Like Obama, You lie!

Yes and are same people who told us Iraq had weapons of mass destruction. Next they will tell us the moon is made of cheese.

I guess ob's right.  They are no threat to him or his minions.  Just a threat to the rest of us.

Only in America could you need to present a driver's license tocash a check or buy alcohol, but not to vote.

If any of these releases causes a death via drug driving, or murder or rape, Obama should be held responsible for this debacle.  This is disgraceful, disrespectful to the people that have done things legally to be in this country.  Get ready for a few million more now that genie has been let out of the bottle.

if they are going to turn them lose maybe we do not need so many immigration and custom enforcement agents, look like they didn't want to do there job any way. lay them off save money for roads.

THANK YOU for putting the ICE director / idiot on the stand. HE had no business doing this and it was illegal and unjust.If they "took careful steps to ensure that national security and public safety were not compromised by the releases", then why did it takes weeks for them to have any idea how many were released?  This is the 5th obvious lie I can track from the Obama Administration on this issue-

No security problem.  Try starting with all the damn #$%$ CLOWNS. in our govt!! They all need to be in JAIL, period!

Well I guess if Obama's illegal immigrant aunty and uncle could get a free pass after being in this country illegally for over 20 years and sucking up all the free benifits (medical, housing food stamps etc,etc), what's a few thousand more running free.

This is stupid on so many ways.

Released where?

This Morton guy looks like a "Tinker Bell" if you know what I mean?

We are a Banana Republic and the leader is a monkey.

Ya think?  Call in? To what a multi lingual answering machine?  Ankle bracelet?  Hack saw.

Here is a question. If you know you have aids and you have sex with someone without protection and without telling them, then they get aids you can be charged with assault of attempted murder. Fair enough…if you and release hundreds of dangerous criminals into the public to rape pillage and kill … what happens??

"Illegal immigrants" don't exist - only illegal migrants or illegal aliensdo these guys even believe the lies they tell ,people of america wake up this whole admenistration is a joke ,any one who believes the #$%$ that comes out of obamas mouth has drank way to much of the koolaide thesre jerk offs are spewing .god have mercy on us all .

Obama and Holder are criminal's, traitors and enemies of the US

Safety? No... just possible jobs we could give to legal citizens

Release non-violent marijuana users instead you morons!

BULLS$%T!!!!

Hey Moron, I mean Morton, isn't Owebama our biggest threat, morally and financially bankrupting America? A few thousand illegals are not as big a danger, now that I will agree.

a lot of people seem really butt hurt over this release.   must have been hoping for something more mean spirited and hurtful to families.

What a complete idiot!!!

Wow what audacity! The Obama regime  is basically telling the American people that 1+1 does not equal 2.

Correct me if I am wrong.  But, illegal means, its a crime.  Sooooo, when they let illegal aliens out of jail, they let criminals out of jail."They were placed on alternative supervision such as being required to call in regularly or wear an electronic monitor."How many have called in and how many are still wearing an electronic monitor?  None.  They can't be found.  As soon as they were let go, they took off to other parts of the country because there is no way to track them.  I think  Director John Morton should be arrested and jailed and tried for letting this happen.  He does not belong in the job he has and should be fired.  In fact, as a Taxpayer, I am his boss.  Director John Morton, you are FIRED!  Don't even bother to go to your office to clean it out.  We will send your junk to you by mail.Does ANYONE besides Obongo's flunky lib media believe this guy?

Remember when we had a free media that QUESTIONED what the government does?

Oh yes, I believe what these officials have to say NOT, didnt one of these releases say it was thousand not hundreds? Didnt another release say some were low risk offenders? More BS.

It's sad how far we have fallen.

illegal immigrants are criminals.  Stop rewarding them.

Then they should have been released in his backyard.!

what a pos..their safety isnt compromised..those animals werent released into their backyards..

Morton has got to be a democrat.....  I'm starting to believe there ALL nuts!

Wow, this administration is hell-bent on destroying this country.

#1- That guy looks like a vampire (specifically the one in Buffy the Vampire Slayer in the 90s)#2- I sooo believe him.I will sleep better tonight knowing we locked up thousands of illegals for obeying the law.Why the bleep didn't they have a bunch of buses to cart them back to where they came from. I'm so tired of the stupidity, and political right stuff.  If you know they are illegal what is the problem, and they knew that when they put them in prison, then why didn't they get shipped off then.  They come over here expect rights, and then *&amp;^% on us and committ crimes against us, tell us we don't believe in equal rights and live off of us.  I'm so sick and tired of all this, just fricken send them back, how hard is it.

Another load of BS..........

"In reducing detention levels, we took careful steps to ensure that national security and public safety were not compromised by the releases," Morton said. Really!! Because they already proved that some who were released were felons!! How is releasing Felons not a threat to public safety??? Morton is lying through his teeth and trying to cover up their mistake of putting the Public's safety at risk! They Broke the Law the moment they crossed our border illegally without going through the proper requirements allowing them into our country!

THIS IS INCOMPREHENSIBLE!! 2000+ criminals turned loose, because they are not budgeted... If any state did that the Govenor would be impeached!! This entire Administration needs to be impeached and replaced!!! WHEN WILL AMERICA STAND AND FLEX ITS VOICE ??? We cannot continue with this administration!! If they are sooo budget minded, WHY IS THERE NOT ONE NOW? THERE IS NO BUDGET...  AND WHY HAS THERE NOT BEEN ONE SINCE BUSH GAVE US 2008?THIS GUY AND HIS CABINET AND APOINTEES HAVE GOT TO BE IMPEACHED, AND TRIED FOR CRIMES AGAINS THE US CITIZENS!!!THIS IS A KIN TO MOB TACTICS!! JOBAMA NEEDS TO BE REMOVED WITH ALL OF HIS CABINET AND APOINTEES TO BOOT!!

They are not "illegal aliens" - They are UNDOCUMENTED workers - Obama and Biden said so - And they do not commit any more crimes than anyone else - Unless of course, you listen to law enforcement officers in the states with large, illegal populations - Budget concerns?? We have the money to expand the welfare class, but not to enforce our laws ? Oh!  That's  right, the welfare class elects libdems - I see now -

First they released THOUSANDS of illegal...and secondly - these people were in jail for a reason, and not because they are such law abiding individuals!This administration is completely delusional if they think ANY *logical* person believes a word that  comes out of its mouth!

Why held ?  For prison profits .. send them back to homelands and lower Americans taxes!

Releasing them from prison To Me Is The Same ThingAs Shuttling them across the border - It Knowingly puts them on our streetsARREST THE PERSON WHO MADE THIS DECISION

The idiots at iCE are consistently being made fun of and ridiculed by the illegals.Now, we can all join in the fun !  What a piece of work! Any other president would have accepted some resignations over this.

If they were arrested for violent crimes we should of released them, but not here BACK where they ILLEGALLY CAME FROM!!!!!They were detained for a reason.  If not, they would have been sent back at capture.

WOW...Illegals, last i checked that is a crime....our system is so screwed up

Then why not just release all criminal so they can vote DimOcrat too.

should just send them back to the country from which they came!!!!

"The cuts require a nearly $300 million reduction in the agency's budget over the seven remaining months of the fiscal year"First you are complaining about all the tax payer money being spent on supporting these detained undocumented people.  You grab your calculator and see how easy it is to make these cuts.  The Republican/Tea Pot Party owns this sequester and if you think this is "austerity" take a gander at Paul Ryan's budget----sequestration on steroids!!

Amnesty SI !!!!

Refuse to compromise and make a deal.....blame the democrats and Obama for the results....Typical.

The think we are Rubes. Who puts these people in charge?

It is possible that in ordinary time, when everyone was working, we would be morewelcoming to these people. We can blame big corporations, as they took their businessesto China and India, to avoid being taxed, in the US, and also the cheap labor. If no workhere for its people, why would the US want more people to come here without highereducation or work skills?

"I regret that the timing of our releases caught many by surprise."You mean the fact the releases came days before the sequester?  Thus letting the Country know that President Obama was not about to agree to anything and that his anti-sequester tour (on our dime) was just a political ploy.If their lips move--they are lying.

They were sprinkled with magical unicorn dust first.

'required to call in . regularly or wear an electronic ankle monitor' What? Why weren't they tagged with an RFID chip,  put on busses and told that if they are caught in the U.S. again that they would be shot on sight!

Landscaping prices are gonna crash

Was it thousands that was released. You all need to step down!

Whats the big deal? Rand Paul, Cryboehner and Obama and the democrats  are getting ready to release 11 million. All you wah-wah Obama guys can cry all you want. Just remember Paul and Boehner are getting ready to release 11 million. Remember also that  St. Reagan gave them all amnesty.  BOTH PARTIES SUCK!

Why are we funding a agency that cannot function 100%.  Would you pay a roofer to roof your house and then let him roof only half of the house.  If ICE cannot do their job, that seems to me to be an agency to cut, and give the funding to the states and let them inforce illegal immigration, they would do a far better job then these clowns.The American tax payer is getting tired of funding this administrations incompetent agencies. If they can't do the job cut the agencies and give the funding to the states and let them handle it. These incompetent agencies are one reason this goverment can't balance there budget. There is no accountability in this administration, and this is what our brave soldiers are fighting for?

If what he says is true, why did they rearrest 4 of 10 dangerous released felons and lose the rest to who knows where? Could it be that what he says isn't true and he knows it?

U.S. official = Obama koc suck.

Deport them to China. I hear they can use the extra help. I'd like to see if the Chinese bend over backward for them like we have. Mandatory bilingual signage, and teachers in schools.OMG! Who are they trying to kid? None of the ILLEGALS were released into their neighborhoods were they?  What a bunch of pathetic AH'S

only theft or simple assault? thank god! i pray that one of them assaults john morton and steals his wallet.

20,000 comedians out of work and they're trying to be funny

This Government has got to have the Dumbest SOB's working and making decision---just unbelievable.  The American people better wake up and demand this frickin Government get there act together are there will be a revolt against this Governement,  The elected IDIOT'S are just looking for the ILLEGAL ALIENS  vote and the Democrap's will do anything to make these ILLEGAL'S citizens.  When in the hell did they have the time and money to investigate the ILLEGAL'S?  The people can't tell the truth if there lives dependent on it.  They all need to be fired.

Detentions and deportations cost money.  You wanted across-the-board spending cuts, and you got them.

It just amazes me at how stupid these arrogant fools think we are.  And this guy is how the rest of those arrogant political fools are in Washington DC.  They have to be smoke dope and taking some heavy head drugs.  Brainless each and every one of them.

Get rid of ICE , Homeland Security, and the Border Patrol. Think of the tax dollars saved. Not one them  enforce are numerous laws any way.

Yes release them into their own country...not here.  How many people does it take to make this announcement, I count 7 in the picture...really

Would you like to sell us a bridge also!

...and the lies continue. Wake-up America, immigration reform is a sham. What's left of the middle class is being sold to the highest bidder; by the mercenary politicians on both sides for votes, big business (and big unions) for cheap labor, the dwindling religious groups for new congregants and ethnic advocacy groups for obvious reasons...AND, don't forget the media with their 24 hour news cycle, inflaming the so-called left and right political points of view on a near constant basis. Are there no independent thinkers anymore? The media would have you believe it is so.... The important issues, life factual information regarding the true impact of illegal immigration on this massive a scale, gets lost in the political football. Illegal immigration is an economic impact story, period.We need to start erecting gallows on the Mall in old DC.  There is getting to be quite a list of Feral Government employees who need to attend an old fashioned neck tie party.  Maybe after a day or two of partying the rest would realize that they work for the people, and not the other way around.

If they were in the country illegally, there is no justification for releasing them back into the US once they have been caught. I can understand if budget and manpower constraints mean you need to focus on illegals who commit violent crimes first, but these people were already caught, just deport them.

oh sure. and syphilis is not transmitted by sex

And Boehner trusts Obama and his administration.  Really.  They are destroying our country and our vote.  Just what they want.

If these people were no threat then why were they in jail in the first place?

Why didn't they let non violent Americans  out instead?Do you really think these illegals are going to show up for their trials? They are here illegally, committing a felony, and they are going to show up for their deportation hearings?ROFLMAO

An "Official" says? That means it's worse than we thought.

What a load of #$%$. They released them before the sequester even hit, and many of them were scheduled for release despite the potential sequester.Just tell it like it is White House, you don't want to enforce the existing immigration laws and are openly attempting to circumvent them any way possible.

John Morton is just another lying Obama office holder. Look at this from any other business standpoint. This mans business is immigration enforcement and his first choice on a 2% cutback is to let illegal immigrants go. Now think about this, what is he saving ? The cost of their food ? Electric and heating bills ? The fact is, John Morton is already doing a miserable job. Ask him what he's done to help Arizona or Sheriff Joe Arpaio. Now there are people that he would keep in jail. John Morton is just a toady for a very nasty Barak Obama.

right.... they are criminalsAren't these same F-kers who claim they don't know what happened to 4 murdered Americans in Benghazi???

Wait until the next illegal drives drunk and kills someone.

And we should believe anything these lying bureaucrats say, because????Help me out, here -- make it multiple choice...

ICE Director Morton Moron said today ..........

Blatent disreguard to the laws for which they gave an oath. These people are traitors to the American people, have no morals, no principals and claim no responsibilities for their preposterious actions

First off we have all seen how well supervised release works. Second, only time will tell if this was a danger. Hopefully they can be transparent with the information as to who was released so if something happends it is not covered up or brushed aside.

what will happen is that some of these that have been released will end up dead after a brief and disastrous encounter with a home owner and his/her gun. people are getting real tired of the b.s. from this administration.

Yea you think them Idiots in Washington was their to see who was release this is the biggest and worst nightmare could happen ok wait tell you get hit by one of these Mexicans that should have stayed behind bars for to many DUI...... And possible killed Washington is a joke and every Country knows it what a shame this country has become.....

Cause they obamas relations???  BS send em all back!!

Just another one of KING-O doing what will make him popular rather than doing the right thing.  So if one of the 2000 does harm someone can they sue the #$%$ out of the government ?From the picture I think even Homeland Security people are ashamed of their constant lying. I'll bet they don't have a clue where any of those released are. I mean after they immediately register to vote and apply for Food Stamps; Social Security; assisted housing; and health care...they're gone. I feel safer don't you? I hope this time they tell Napolitano what's going on in her own Department. It should help her lie more sincerely and but look just as stupid. I understand she's think about having a huge conference in Hawaii where Homeland Security brass will learn to deny; lie; do nothing; and of course blame George Bush.

It's time to start shooting mexicans.

More grounds for impeachment

someone anyone who knows your whereabouts, does not have to take you to court when you need to be there &amp; therebyconvict you on capital cases because you weren't there or didn't answer when a Third party complainer (you nor they are supposed to take those unless it's in person).

court,legal notices are not fair; by the time you get one, may not have phone,money,be stranded,not have friends/family after all these locals,court,state,fedl all got all up on all kinds of capitol charges, the link to all those in mainly not contacting the court or speaking with someone local when you were called.

then if you have a court case, may get left at home,held; they don't have to take you, no one does.  so if your car is gone, everyone else goes to court, same with your kids.

2200 ILLEGALS released! What part of the law do these dumb buruacrats not understand. Get a Greyhound bus, put 50-60 inmates together and drive them to the border and send them to their #$%$ Country to worry about. If they attempt to cross the boarder again, shout to kill. Illegal is just that ILLEGAL!!!!

Considering all the white-hate groups. These people probably need protection from the over-armed, under-brained Americans.

who they let me out stupid %%%@@##$ changed my name now theyl never find me again

Now we have to feed them and house them out of our wallets P iz z es me offHeres another biased news story,it was 3,000 not hundreds and the spin starts again,and they were released weeks before the buget cuts so they lied on that one to.

Couldn't we have canceled one of Obama's vacations and used the money to keep these people in jail??

Please America!! Look at the World Wrestling Federation SHOW going on  in Washington D.C.All of the politicians from both partys are trying to play America for fools. The majority of the Issues (problems) facing America today could be solved if "OUR" congress would do what is right for us.It is time for US the RULING party to tell them we are fed up with their #$%$.Enough said Paul

perhaps if morton's pay was brought into line with the average american middle class worker (along with most of washington) his agency might have had the money to do "their" job.

Kill em all

Great! But should not HE be held legaly &amp; financially responsible for any if they do?!

never a mention of why they were detained in the first place. We now it wasn't because of their legal status in this country because we are not allowed to ask, so, they must have broken other laws on top of being here illegally to be detained, but I guess that's not important.

Regardless of what they say, the fact that they can slip in so easily has got to be a security risk. Frankly, this administration honesty on such matters is questionable. That we are asked that the possibility of a terrorist sleeper slipping accross the border isn't a threat is a bit of a joke.

Releasing criminals from jail doesn't affect security? Well then, let's take a huge chunk out of the Federal budget and release the Federal inmates.

Of course this isn't security problem. They're just going back to the same menial jobs in restaurants, farms,etc.I bet the farmers love the extra help.This is the administration that sent guns down to Mexico, and then said they didn't.  Their noses should be growing mighty long by now.

Well this sucks.....

No security compromised.... only if they were released back to where they came from.

it's never a risk as far as they are concerned.  Put them in their neighborhood, watch how fast they are deported.  Absolutely hate politicians.

they don't know what there doing up there!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The government also denied that they released them too, so.... um, yeah.

Who in their right mind would release these illegals and think that they are not a security risk?  They obviously were in prison for a reason and only the Obama administration would carry out such a stupid act.  Who's going to be keeping track of them?  I hope they are all shipped back from where they came and many more along with them.  They are ruining our country with their ways of life and no respect for the LEGAL citizens of the US.  DEPORT THEM ALL AND STOP THE INSANITY!  Im tired of seeing them demonstrate for rights when they know damn well they have not right to be demonstrating and no one seems to stop them/  Maybe we should have a 10million march on Washington!

they say security not compromised by the release of illegal immigrants then we better be worried !

"....security not compromised by illegal immigrants'..." wait, I'll check on my dictionary...Hm..if they DID NOT abuse anything about the 'security" why they had to be put into the jail at the first time? because they did not have the paperwork/id? no, i don't think so.

This is the new catch and release programFor all the illegals...the people letting them out should have a place for them to stay. Theydon't want them...so we do? We don't seem to have a choice...try going to Mexico and gettreated like we welcome them...NOT going to happen....you will be thrown in jail...just wishall our government officials could be replaced asap...why can't congress, senators andrepresentives have limited terms like the president....they may do better...plus we couldeventually get rid of all the crooks..oops that would be all of them....

John Morton should pay the fine and jail time for the next crime one of his released Illegal Aleins hurts or kills someone here the US.

You never know where you're going till you get there .You never know what you've gotton till it's Gone.Let the rat out of the bag, huh ?

If something happens to any US citizen over this stupid act of our leaders releasing illegals on our streets I hope they get their #$%$ sued clean to heck. How friggin stupid, why not just transport them to the border and give them the boot in the behind.

More lying by the Obama anministration.

Lmao what a bunch of #$%$,I wouldnt #$%$ on them if it could put a fire out,,, roflol hysterical!

also if you drive into someones street or block, i think neighborhood rights are not emphasized &amp; likely shot down in tweaking economics &amp; obliterated with court cases over fights that could have been settled at a local meeting.

That's what they say about murderers, rapists and pedophiles when they are released...

We need the countries that these illegals come from to foot the bill upon their return. These people are knowingly crossing our borders illegally. It seems our law enforcement isn't doing their job, if we let one get away without consecuenses, they all find out that we are a weak nation and they all continue to do what others before them have done. Our law enforcement needs to get a backbone or resign their post, it is that simple. We can not keep letting people into our country illegally. Suspend the citizenship if the parents are not legal citizens. Japan doesn't allow someone to become a citizen just because they are born in Japan. We need to be sensable about right and wrong. There is a right way to apply, so lets ENFORCE it. Congress is so far away from dealing with illegals in their neighborhoods, so why should they care about ours? They are overpaid to look the other way and saddle us with taxes to support those here illegally here. Their pay checks put them in areas where they don't see our schools over burdened by children who come and take benefits from legal citizens, speech classes take all the resourses because the illegals don't speck English in their homes so the burden is put oin our schools and children. We need to pass a law requiring anyone seeking a green card or citizenship speak English here in America. Obama used this just to get votes, how sad is it that America is now so over run with illegals? No other country allows this.

The release of illegal immigrants from U.S. detention due to budget concerns was undertaken with care to ensure that security was not compromised, the head of the immigration enforcement agency said on Tuesday.Where does this piece of _hit live ?? I bet it not in a border state, more likely DC or NYC. If you released them send them BACK.Fire him, Janet and the horses they rode in on.

If it hurts our country, you can bet that barak obama and his minions are behind it.

Thank you Republican party!

If just one crime is committed by these illegals, the decision makers in this huge mistake should be fired and their supreme leader impeached!

the republican House. of  Rep. and their leader bohner are 100% resposible for this and any other problems that arise  from the GOP sequester, because of their obstructionist acts aimed at crushing the American middle class!

HAlf these comments come from people who vacation outside the USA.Free.  Now internet search"Richard Nixon Imigration Reform.They broke no law

How much will it cost to round-up these illegals again??? Now I get it, there is no plan for deportation just a smooth path for citizenship. This is from  Dumb (Nappy) &amp; Dumber (Mort) and don't forget BO.

I wonder why the prisoners could not have been released into Mexico?

In further news, a new scientific study has concluded that the average American citizen has a better chance of defecating a gold brick than being told the truth by their elected officials. Researchers say that the average citizen has a 1 in 1 trillion chance of excreting a gold brick where politicians have a 1 in 1 sextillion chance of telling the truth. Details at 11.

Come and get $100 from me, if ICE can ever find just 100 of the 2,228 that were release...Another lie by Odumba's aides.

Of course our security isn't threatened...they're law abiding citizens!

any one else smell more obamey lies ? and they no security was not compromised how ?i mean these were illigals who broke the law coming here right ?hope this comes back on them , when people die after they released them back on our streets .

This is unbelievable?! Why would the government release illegal detainees due to budgetary concerns, instead of sending these people back to their home countries?

Yes,shure,of course and what  part of illegal dont you understand....

I bet they all went home.

Get the f out of my country you dirty brown sub-human!

A gayer Shep Smith if I ever did see one.This Obama regime turd is a liar, just like the rest of em!

hey morton you are mostttt definitely  a waterhead

what r the 7 dwarfs standing behind him ?Yeah right !

Why were released rather than deported?  Many of them were in confinement because they had committed a crime.

Why are they still here, send them home!!!

How can we believe what our government is saying it seems to be getting worse now turning these criminals loose and saying there only in jail because of minor infractions and claiming only several hundred were turned loose now finding out several thousand are out.

I think obama is a fool. The Americans are no different either.

Top mexican drug cartel memebers. Must have been  detained by accidently. So obama and holder and perez had to get them out.

That’s why these ILLEGAL ALIENS come to the U.S. , they know our government is paid by us to work for then…. Maybe instead  of  immigration going after those poor Illegal Aliens Obama should sent the Dept of Fish and Wildlife service . Since its only about catch and release  . At the same time Americans our held firmly by the crotch.

It is pretty sad how news agencys that are supposed to be professional and unbiased make such obviously baised comments like "illegal immigrants". Like the other posters have said they are illegal aliens. They are criminals, and despite our governments unwillingness to enforce those laws against them while persuquting real Americans, they are criminals and should be treated that way. It is sickening to see them flaunt their disregard for laws of this country.

Really?!?  According to the Arizona Republic over the weekend: "More than a third of the 342 illegal immigrants released from detention facilities in Arizona last month were convicted criminals, and one of them was categorized as a Level 1 offender, the highest risk, according to data released by the federal government Friday."

"Every individual released was placed on an alternative form of ICE's supervision,"I just hope they use a different method Fast and Furious used of all those firearms.ICE, Obama, and the rest of the administration will be held as accessories when these criminals commit their next crime.

Look how many are in jail for breaking the law. All the gang members , murderers , robbers ect. REAL LAW ABIDING CITIZENS.

Your fired and take obama with you!!!!

i have an idea lets just fire ALL of the immigration officials so we can really save moneyset the military up on the border for permanent live fire exercises 364 days a year  (we pay them anyway)   and let the illegals and drug smugglers guess which day the firing stops

Start marking the calendarAdd These Peoples Names And VOTE THEM OUT

Why release all these people as long as they call in SEND THEM BACK WHERE THEY COME FROM.I dont understand they dont do this in canada.Our government is so screwed up .Get rid of these people.SHIP THEM BACK.I would rather spend  our tax dollars on our own legal people instead give away to illegals come on.

Stupid official. Illegal immigrant is just that illegal. Criminals are not a threat to safety, really, where?

who is this idiot Morton? fire his #$%$.

this is beyond stupid .... fire all of washington

They would have had enough money if they hadn't bought 2 billion rounds of ammunition to use against American citizens. They think We The People are a greater threat than these known criminals. Homeland SS. We don't need no stinkin borders!there are kids in jail, American citizens, with 10 years ahead of them for having an ounce of marijuana and ILLEGALS, in this country ILLEGALLY,  are LEGALLY released? ( Rick Perry was right, Gov't sanctioned jail break!) Every country was founded by immigrants, there is NO country, no place that is inhabited with one full blooded race as it's population; so the come on in, we're AMERICA land of the immigrant doesn't fly. Try to go to any country on the face of this earth without proper documentation and see what happens. Our laws are in need of revamping, yes, but if one comes here, come here legally and don't be a burden on society. Dem's and Rep's have lost American voters so they are just trying to create another block. Any illegal person is of danger to everyone in this country, we've enough legal people who are dangerous and on the streets!

they took careful steps and there is no concern for public safety.... I say B.S.

Muy bien Pedro, the lawn looks perfecto.

I call BS. It has been know that terrorist cells are building in Mexico. After finding out this info Obama decides to let illigals gain citizenship and reduce patrol on our southern borders allowing my illegals into the US. Immediately after this decision, vehicles carrying terrorists were found trying to enter into the US. Illegals aren't a threat is BS. And then Illegals taking our jobs? That's a threat to the Americans who already live here and can't get a job. Yes, even the hard working well-educated Mexicans that live here legally are at risk because like us "white people" those Hispanics who have worked hard to earn the money they deserve are losing out on jobs to illegals because illegals will do it for less under the table and companies don't have to provide insurance for them, workmans comp or taxes. No liability period. A threat, yes illegals are a threat.

Just wait...it won't be long before you start hearing about these released criminally illegal immigrants robbing, raping or killing someone here in the United States. If it does happen I hope it's one of the ICE agents family members and not mine.

Then why were they detained at the first place?

any other country in the world would consider 30 million illegals an act of invasion and an act of war ......but us .... ohhhh noooooo... might loose a vote for the stupids government political machine ..who cares nothing about whats good for its own legal people.

Obama promised transparency in goverment, he lied its all about cover ups

The most lying, conniving administration is history. But Obama is black, so that's okay.

All these illegal aliens dont need an id to vote for obamaWhat the hell is wrong with our government? Why is it such a protracted process deporting illegal's. Put them on a bus, take to the border crossing, get them off the bus and escort them across the border. End of story. Don't let them loose in our country where they wanted to come to begin with. Is all management of ICE and DHS stupid? Perhaps this is an over simplification of the process, but why isn't it that simple?

More O#$%$ from the O'bullsh(t administration stooges...the history channel got it right ...Obama is the anti christ.

They need to pull the sheik's hand from their #$%$! Puppets talking that is what u have here!

After being shipped back to where they came from, they will be back in a couple days, mowing your yard and building your houses.

OH YES THEY ARE!!!They only come HERE , to take YOUR STUFF!!!

Why doesn't Mexico want them back?

I'm all for releasing them...IN MEXICO!

Why were they in detention instead of on a bus headed back to the border ?  They need to tie these illegals up and flail them with a bullwhip 15 or 20 times, then after they regain consciousness, tell 'em to never come back here again without a valid visa.

If are borders are secure how did the illegal alien with me in jail got deported by I.C.E.pick me up walking down the street 2 weeks later and tell me he just got back from Mexico

If are borders are secure how did the illegal alien with me in jail got deported by I.C.E.pick me up walking down the street 2 weeks later and tell me he just got back from MexicoYou would think that if you went looking for idiots that you couldn't fine the number that are in the Obama administration.

Who in America was not an illegal entrant before been legal except the red indians?                        Ozoro.

IMPEACH obama...

These people are NOT Immigrants....They are ILLEGALS..What is it about ILLEGAL that the LIBERALS cant understand ???

so thats what an #$%$ dumbutt looks like!

Next steps: bank robberies will be granted with stolen money; rapist will be allowed to keep their victims for personal pleasure; its. BTW, it is not illegal immigration; it is foreign invasion, as it is described in the English Dictionary. American Government is obligated to protect the US from foreign invasion.

WOUNT    YOU PLEASE COME TO CHICAGO  HA HA

WHOSE security is not compromised? I'm sure the safety of politicians and their families, or ICE agents and their families, is just fine. What about the ordinary people who live where the releases happened, though? What about homeowners or renters who find their property burglarized or vandalized by illegals? What about people who are in the wrong place when there is drug-related violence? If they come here illegally, with no respect for the law, why are we assuming that they will suddenly become law-abiding citizens? My husband's car was hit by an illegal a few years ago. The illegal drove away, but thankfully a witness with a cell phone followed him, and called police. The guy was caught - no insurance, no license, and barely spoke English. Of course he was released, and disappeared after promising to pay for repairs. Yeah...they sure are honest, aren't they?

I guess they knew every one of the released illegal aliens personally.  I'm sure they gave them all glowing letters of recommendation also.

Why not just remove them from this country rather than detain or supervise them. Load up the planes and get going!Why not just remove them from this country rather than detain or supervise them. Load up the planes and get going!

Throw the idiots who released the illegals in jail including thr morons who gave the permission to do so

Somebody tell me why these a-holes were not sent back across the creek  and just released what kind of  bass ackward deal is this?

They needed to let them out so they could go vote for democrats up for reelection. The Voter Fraud Team is lagging and the Left want to make sure these political contests are in the bag.

American bus drivers, hearing should be " are you illegally in the USA?" ...."yes".. straight outside, get on the bus, fill em and roll em 24/7- latest nobama "temper tantrum" release figures show 3,000 in over 20 states.. Think they will hang around for deportation hearings? Are you stupid?Would have been easy for mass deportation, hell they fill up stadiums with illegals to give them citizenship, why not deport them the same way..All you have to be is serious about doing your JOB-Most will self deport, guaranteed-----We have enough illegal dishwashers and lawnmowers and breeders-We dont need illegal low iq welfare anchor baby having riding the gravy train..15 % of mexicos poorest and criminals is what we get... Very few exceptions..Enforce the laws we already have, JUST DO IT-arrest and deport all illegals-si se puede, yes WE can

Send them back. That would have been cheaper. Now they have been fitted with expensive monitoring devices and somebody is paid to monitor them. Is there any common sense left in the administration?

these weren't budget cuts. they just reduced INCREASES in government spending. media are nothing more than corporate/government #$%$ at this point. get your news from the drudge report if you want facts.

So why not release Americans who are only there because of pot laws . They are less a threat the illegal aliens.

so yet another department is affected by budget cuts due to congress acting like babies.  how's this the president's fault again?really, the pigheadedness in congress is ridiculous.  and half the problem (one of the two parties) are overwhelmingly against releasing illegal immigrants, yet i bet they'll spin it so it wasn't their inability to agree on a deal that caused this.

Release  by god will be the tsunami wave for usa , mexico , canada ,and all the counties that are on the pacific area, pray for salvation tom romnek and for mercy because all are guilty of treating the mexican people bad , how about when you come to mexico we treat you well, but look what you are saying that mexican people are bad because  would be in danger the people,america will be punish by god soonPeople are so hateful to illegal aliens when all they want is come here and work just like the majority of all of y'all's ansestors. We got American people who kill just for 15 min of fame serial killers and sick pedofils that rape little girls. Not all illegal aliens come here to do harm people are so ignorant they can't see that though.

we wanted budget cuts, we want our deficit to go down. what did we expect would happen.

Why are you people surprise.  You knew this was coming.  This is no different than local police department releasing criminals early because of jails being overcrowded.  Unfortunately, we have policy and procedures that must be followed before they are shipped back to original home. Yes we may not agree with all of them but there in place for a reason. Please know that the ones that was release consist of more than just mexicans.

Awww.... Its nice to see the KKK still exists on Yahoo Comments. :) Gold star for you!

Good job GOP, just wait, hope they come to your block and all the police are laid off, and oh the national guard laid off to.

This sort of effup is what you get when the evil lib media is in the government's back pocket