Like we needed any more excuses for insurance companies to raise rates.

We are all waiting to see how free, free is

Amazing long article on "Medicaid", without one mention of the term"entitlement" and what a change when you change the last two letters to "re"!

There has to be something in the water in Washington DC.

this is probably a really stupid idea.  In spite of conservative ideology, the overhead for processing a medical claim is about 7% for medicare (government) and about 22% for private insurance.  You end up spending three times as much just to give those so-called efficient private companies a huge windfall none of which goes to medical care. There are almost no market forces acting to keep down private costs.  Remember what happened when California privatized electricity?

What they are really arguing about is who is going to pay for it and how.  What they should be arguing about is how are they going to get the cost down.  We spend about 18% of GDP on health care.  Other industrial countries spend about 10%.  Our GDP is larger so we spend as much as the next ten combined and we do not have a lot to show for it.

After we passed it, did we ever learn what was in it?

Either way, the typical American can't win. With government you get inefficiency, with private companies you get manipulation and predation.

Does that mean they will also be subjected to Obamacare for themselves and their families?

Average overhead of insurance company is 20%.  Overhead of Medicare and Medicaid is 7%.  What dummy would want to "privatize" Medicaid?Doesn't matter anyway. Obamacare does nothing to control insurers from raising rates.

If it's palatable it's not Obamacare. The objective of Obamacare is to increase health insurance costs with the government reaping the increased profits.

There are two major things that need to change in order to bring down health care costs.1) remove the border restrictions and let health insurance be sold nation wide instead of being limited inside each state.  Doing so will greatly increase the competition and that always benefits the consumer.2) reduce the federal regulations for approval of drugs, medical devices, and procedures.  There are procedures already in common use in Europe that still have not been approved for human trials in this country.  The massive amount of regulation required in this country that attempts to ensure a perfect product (which is impossible) adds billions of dollars and years to the cost of anything new.  That cost is passed on to the consumer resulting in much higher charges.Deal with those two issues and you will see an immediate reduction in the cost of health care, health care products, and the insurance to cover them.  There are more things, but to me, those two are the biggest in terms of cost.

We have tried to privatize intake for public assistance programs in Texas and it did NOT work out well.  We lost control over the quality/quantity of work done by the private contractors costing us more in the long run.The article makes a statement we all need to consider when looking at privatizing Medicaid/Medicare - "Medicaid is always the lowest-cost provider of coverage in the market," said Timothy Jost of Washington and Lee University Law School. "Medicare (the public program for the elderly and disabled) is more expensive and private plans are yet more again."Private contractors frequently "low balls" their bids to take over government services.  The government jumps at the lower cos - closes service centers, lays off experienced workers, hands over record keeping to the contractor.  Two to three years into the contract consumers are not being served and the contractors demand cost adjustments or they will just  walk away.

If Obama had considered GOP lawmakers' opinions when the law was being developed he wouldn't be faced with so much opposition now.  I'm not suprised that two GOP State legislators in Arkansas can do a better job than Obama, Pelosi and the Low Information Dem Congressmen!

Republicans? How about this news that is just breaking. "On an illegally wiretapped recording, President Lyndon B. Johnson caught Richard Nixon prolonging the Vietnam War to win the 1968 presidential election; over 15,000 more Americans were killed in Vietnam."

Sounds Like He's Laying Out Openings For Insurance Co...To Do Their Usual S^ck Money In And Provide As Little Coverage As Possible .....

Anything that does not concretely address the root causes of cost increases is just one more piece of #$%$. They also need to encourage doctors to keep practicing; they are leaving the profession in droves.

Take away all the new taxes, fees and penalties.  Then take away the mandates.  Then expand Medicare Advantage and end the Gooberment monopoly in 60% of health care and you will see costs decline.Ovomitcare just adds more costs and perpetual motion to the steady increase in costs.  The money does not exist to pay for it.  Another 30 million people cannot get "free" health care just handed to them.  And the bill cannot be sent to the working middle class.  We're tapped out.

I think we should stay with the current private insurance programs with premiums that are like buying a new car every year!Under European Socialist healthcare and Education do they have collective bargaining for wages and benefits? Can you sue for Medical malepractice? Are there caps?

The Arkansas model shows there are ways to solve problems when politicians get beyond the zero sum game they've been playing.  I am sure both sides will find fault with the plan but it is a step forward and 250,000 Arkansas citizens will benefit.

Arkansas -Bill Clinton was governor of that state for over 12 years ,he took it from being  in some where around the 20th prosperous state in the union to like 49 before he was done .and they still have not recovered . Go to that state today and try to find any one who voted for that man and you will be looking for a long time

Why are these people still in office???????

This is as it should be.  If individual states want to experiment with solutions, more power to them.

The ONLY reasonable and efficient way to pay for health care is to socialize insurance.  You can keep private doctors and hospitals, but insurance companies are what are killing us.I don't know about you, but I'd rather EVERYBODY pay a 2% federal sales tax to fund insurance for EVERYONE, instead of 65% of the country paying $200 - $1000/mo. to pay for themselves AND the 35% of Americans who have no insurance.   It seems like with the current system, we're cutting off our noses to spite our faces, all while telling ourselves that we have the best system in the world...

Let's call the shift from government to private run insurance what it really is.  A shift of health care from non-profit to for-profit.

15 page application...I doubt your average loser will know how to fill this thing out, but then again that doesn't stop them from complaining and getting food stamps.

It won't work. They tried that in Texas a few years ago and the Texas system was down in 3 years, because of losses

Privatization = giving free government money to politically-connected "business" owners who cahrge more for doing less.Knock yourselves out. In a few years it will become obvious which works best -- a for-profit corporation whose shareholders insist in drawing off the profits so they can get rich, or a government-run non-profit with no such resource sapping.

Socialism is for the people not the socialist. Just ask hollywood they love it

Funny how when you're in a state of poverty (both personally and state related) even the most government-bashing conservative is willing to soften their viewpoints in order to get the things they desperately need and simply cannot afford.

Republicans are insane on this topic. Also all other topics.

Hypocrites!

Are most of those 3 milllion residents related to each other, like cousins?

Yet another windfall for the private insurance crooks.

There is absolutely NOTHING acceptable in this healthcare bill except to cover people with pre-existing conditions.  This is a mess and no one read it before it was passed. It's full of new taxes that will be paid by the MIDDLE CLASS and working men and women.  Parts will exclude benefits for seniors and all insurance will be 5X as costly as right now. The government wants to control the most expensive commodity this country has, health insurance.  People should be jumping up and down angry at the Democrats for passing this monster.

The Health Insurance industry won that round.

" Their idea is to use privatization to avoid the proliferation of government bureaucracy that conservatives vehemently oppose."Nope...privitization is not the answer. They are only pushing for that route so the lobbyists that they answer to have another avenue to make a profit.if the federal government is over 16 trillion in debt now ,where does these federal dollars come from to infuse the states with medicaid money they speak of ?

We all need to come together and make health care  cheaper so more people can have it

Socialists say Healthcare is best when they dont earn profits but forget that without profits how would healthcare companies be able to borrow money from investors?Even our Government claims they need to borrow money and pay interest to investors.

the state's healthcare exchange, which could nearly double in size with an influx of new consumers who are poor but otherwise young, healthy and cheap to insure.The key here is young and healthy.  If you are going to cover them then you need to make them work for it some how.  Just giving coverage away is not going to fly with anyone except the liberals who want universial coverage.  Also a maximum charge of $1000 a year should be applied to keep the insurance companies and the medical community honest.

haha- "extra money"

And who is going to pat for insurance for the 12 million dollar hand out.....the middleclass.

obamacare,was put togather in the back room of senate &amp; house,with help of Insurance company's,it will make a nation of part time worker's,with no company health care,and all kind's of added tax,obamacare will Ballon the Burocricy,and destroy the Economy.

"Obama's expansion would add an estimated 12 million adults by covering everyone who earns up to $32,500."Of course it does. My problem is that those of us making more than that and already responsibly pourchasing our own insurance, will be paying for this expansion of health insurance. Add all the about-to-be-legals, and this cost dramatically rises.

The solution to health care insurance is to make it health care INSURANCE again.  Insurance is supposed to cover a risk not like going to the grocery store and sending your bill to you food "insurance" policy holder.   Basic things you should pay for insurance should cover out of the ordinary expenses and be just that.   Insurance should just be major medical as they call it now or have a huge deductible so when you have a sniffle you have to make a choice not who cares it's free...

Many say that we need single payer just like the rest of the world, I would rather have my freedom. Health without freedom will seem like death anyway.Acceptable "Obamacare"?? Have you lost your damn mind?? Both Parties are TERRIBLE! No wonder George Washington hated political parties so much. Please, for the Love of God, Stop voting these 2 parties into power or your Grand Kids won't have a country to live in. WAKE UP AMERICA!!!

So more privatize the profits socialize the losses.Gotta love the smell of FREE MARKET crony capitalism in the morning...

What? Republicans advocating for more corporate control? That almost never always happens.

My cousin is my uncle and my aunt is my sister........uh, Arkansas is trying to figure out what?

This has some promise, and it is worth looking into.  It is sad that underlying this idea is the hope that Republicans will have political cover for helping hundreds of thousands of poor folks finally have coverage.  Such people have not been cashing in on the Stock Market surge. They are still battling to make ends meet while being called lazy by blowhards such as Rush, FOX, and the usual suspects.  A nation this well off can afford universal healthcare, and the only excuse for not having it is pure GREED.But there is one huge problem.  The vast majority of new insurance customers will be pretty young.  They will be a profitable bunch.  Down the road, they will get older and more expensive to insure with each passing year.  Will insurance companies start dropping their coverage as insurance companies have been known to do when the profits start to drop?  Will tax payers then be required to subsidize the insurance companies?  The huge mistake made when Social Security was begun was to have the older folk's benefits paid by those still working. That was OK for a while, but as the demographics changed and the nation got older, there were less and less people working to pay benefits to a growing percentage of the population that was retired and no longer working.  Today, the system is strained to the breaking point.It is time to realize something.  The American Economic Pie has grown over the years, and that growth has gone to the wealthier of our population.  Poverty is growing in this nation, and the middleclass is shrinking.  Our economy can produce better than anywhere else in the world, but there is no fairness in how it is distributed.  Don't start yelling "Communism, Marxism, Socialism, re-distribution of wealth, and all the other rot we are all accustomed to hearing from Ruh, FOX, and other defenders of the rampant greed in this land.  When corporations make record profits and sit on them without hiring when unemployment is high and people are suffering, THAT IS WRONG. Hey, it might truly be evil. The Golden Rule is dead in this land.  You hear "Don't mix business with friendship or family" because in business, it is often about dealing dirty with others.  It is good that we do not really want to deal dirty with our family and friends.  But others?  Run them out of business.  Buy them out pennies on the dollar when the time is right. Screw the workers. Screw the consumers. Buy off the government to get your way. Secretly fix prices.  Avoid taxes.  The ends justify the means.Part II follows    Ol Hank

"Their idea is to use privatization"Wow!  That's original!  How did they ever think of it!

I'm a conservative, but the time has come for single payer health care.  Every 1st world country in the world has some sort of national health care as do most 2nd world and 3rd world countries.  Let's just get on with it.  It's gonna happen sooner rather than later.

The individual mandate was cool when it was the Heritage Foundations idea...

It's amazing how much Republicans have changed in 17 years.  Obamacare is a Republican idea, word for word.  The Same is true for Romneycare in MA.

That would be the Affordable Care Act, signed by Congress.As an ARKANSAN, the rest of the country should appauld our Democratic Govener for standing up for ARKASAS and telling the current administaration, NO, THERE IS ANOTHER WAY. Our GREAT state requires a balanced budget, OBAMA CARE is not going to BUST the BUDGET. The other 49 stated need to STEP UP. GO Gov. BEEBE.

Doesn't matter because health care costs will continue to rise.

No mention in the story about how these morons plan to pay for it.  Typical for both parties, sadly.

Why should you beg the government for take a number treatment.when you can afford your own.If you cant figure out the mailHow are you going to figure out healthcare?Free Market systemLiving wage JobsWhats Left in your wallet?IMHO

republicans have the answers defund every program but the military so my wealth is protected!If we reduce taxes and programs all the things go away and we balance the budget!No one even notices!

Are u saying we are gone to start trying to work together now ?????

Instead of arguing how we're going to continue to pay for the most featherbedded industry in the world (US hospitals), we should be looking for ways to get RID of them.  Start with payment structures both on the insurance and government side, especially Medicare and Medicaid, that consistently overpay hospitals (to the point where their operating expense control skills are in a state of post terminal atrophy), and underpay individual providers.  The result is that we have a glut of hospitals we can't afford, and a shortage of physicians we can't afford to do without.

decades of GOP rule in the south, shows us what the gop will do to the rest of the states , if they get a shot at it,a falling std of living and lower education, but its all good for the rich dudes.

Obama care started out as a 2000 page frame work,and has ballooned to a 20,000 page and grow set of rules and regulations.Experts say that it is literally impossible for Hospitals and Doctors to comply.

Go yeah if you check your Republicans in the senante are wanting to cut Medicare again. Then Blame it on the DemoncrapsThere is nothing more corrupt than a private, for-profit health care provider.  Most of their CEO's have gone to prison.

Government run plans don't save anyone any money.  The cost will continue to go up as long as they have their hand in it.

More propaganda and FEAR tactics from the GOP.

Republicans are crumbling on every front! Isn't it wonderful how they have destroyed themselves!

An acceptable Obamacare is one that members of congress would agree to pay for and use themselves. Never happen.

So when exactly is Obamacare going to kick in anyway? Has anyone benefitted from it to date. I'm sure they have already pilferred 500Billion from Medicare already. Those of you who voted for this guy will soon feel just how much Obamacare is not free.

Funny, Repubs in the headline, picture of democRAT ? Arkansas has the WORST medical care and the MOST TAXES in most of the US. Thank God for Mississippi!

The Presidentr always said he was open to new ideas.

NO Obamacare is better than having Obamacare.  Obamacare is a crock of s#$t.  I know as some of the provisions have already hit me and what insurance coverage I had.  If we don't get rid of it, everyone will be wondering why we didn't when we had the chance.

Obamacare is tyranny and servitude  specifically targeting the small business and self employed..Otherwise why does congress and the federal government keep their current insurances . ?     What we really need is one nation ,under god with Congressional liberties, justice and healthcare and retirement packages for all.single payor national healthcare now

The US spends three times more per capita on health care than any other developed country.  And in the efficacy of our health-care system, as measured by outcomes, the US does not place in the top 20.Doctors' wages have fallen in the last 30 years, adjusted for inflation, and the cost of insurance has more than tripled.  The difference is going to the insurance companies, big pharma, and medical device companies.It's time we move to a single-payer system!  It's the only way (other than price controls, which likely wouldn't work in the health-care industry) to bring costs to an acceptable level.

If the country replaced the Income Tax with a National Retail Sales Tax - businesses keeping same profit but reducing prices by all the current Taxes, Fees, Assessments and cost of paperwork from wholesale through retail everyone could get health care at low cost, as well as food and everything else.  There would be no special benefits for the greedy rich everyone talks about as they would pay the same and there would be nothing to manipulate behind the scenes - competition would lower prices with no healthcare provider actually losing a decent income.

I don't get it. These Arkansas Republicans do not want t participate directly in the Federal expansion of state Medicaid. But they want to use those Medicaid funds to set up a private insurance exchange that will cost more? Then they also want to charge the recipients (who are poor) more copays, higher deductibles, and other cost-sharing measures?WHY?Is this just so that private insurance companies are guaranteed more profits? These GOP politicians are so eager to shed government control over Medicaid, but are even more eager to accept corporate control - which is more expensive and the care becomes LESS cost effective.Did I get this wrong?

Other countries with lower costs have socialized medicine.  It allows their governments to regulate cost and also their governments have a financial interest in keeping costs down.  Private insurance will always try to keep the price artificially high because profit is their motive.  Furthermore, health insurance has no vested interest in keeping everyone healthy as can be, only their insured.  Which means insurance companies devise schemes to not get the unhealthy portion of the population so they don't decrease their profits.  The uninsured in a capitalist system end up inevitably relying on the government and emergency room visits.  Which raises costs.  And the uninsured also end up not seeking treatment until more damage is done, meaning high costs and less preventative care.  Socialized medicine guarantees that everyone is capable of receiving services, and so preventive care, less emergency room visits, and the governments ability to regulate cost keeps the price down.  Furthermore, in countries with socialized medicine, the care tends to be better dollar for dollar than here.  AND, with a socialized system, we eliminate the need for all the mountains of paperwork required for insurance, greatly reducing the beaurocracy and allowing more dollars to be spent on services instead of records and indirect labor.  American institutions that are socialized in America are Police, Firefighters.  The military is probably the most socialistic institution in military as far as benefits and housing and marriage and child allotments.  Those programs are successful, but for some reason Americans refuse to trust their government enough to provide healthcare.  Last point, in socialized countries there are still private hospitals for those that want different or more or better services than what the government has to offer.  It's just that everyone has the choice to also use public services, and that saves the country money and frees its citizens of worrying about massive debt or losing their house if they get sick.  #1 reason for bankruptcy in America is healthcare related.  That's not an issue in France, or German, or England or any of the other successful 1st world countries.  We shouldn't say American government can't do at least as good as the countries of Europe.  This is a competition and we're losing it.  It means we're doing something wrong.  Like the democrats plan or not, at least they have a plan.  Republicans are blind to the needs of the people.  Although at least these two republicans have offered some sort of plan.  First the Republicans in general need to start recognizing, healthcare in America is a failure and a corrupt industry when compared to pretty much everywhere else in the world.

That many poor people...typical of southern states.  Get some freaking education you inbreds

The key word is "privatize" so their corporate buddies will not be left out.

My insurance went up 14% in 2013 and 10% in 2012, I hate to see next years.

when you become worse than mississippi... there's no reason to celebrate.

COVERAGE LOSS?  Worse yet to have retired with  two health insurance providers prior to the age of 65 only having to surrender both of them upon  reaching manditory Medicare age while being forced to convert one of them to a Medicare Supplimentary insurance plan.  It is counter to all ongoing passages of the law and loss of the availablility and access to a variety of medical care providers?  Let us face it doctors do not want you as a "federal" patient?  They are just as greedy as the "cut-throat" LLC contractor insurance companies they play mind games with over copayments, deductibles, covered and non-covered procedures from year to year?  Can't wait for some Obamacare changes in my health care upon reaching 65 years of age(not)?  Forced conversion is simply a way for that evil "Yankee" government to conquer and divide America and force seniors on the taxpayer while removing them from earned retirement benefits from long years of employment?Why won't any politician understand that health care is a cost problem not a coverage problem. Why won't any politician realize that medicine is not subject to market forces. It is a neutral good....price increases do not negatively affect consumption which alters the supply vs. demand factor into cost vs. price. A hospital is not a walmart. If you want to buy a shirt at walmart and it costs 10 bucks and you have 5 bucks you leave the store without that shirt....if you walk into a hospital and need medical attention that costs X amount of dollars and you have less than X amount you still legally recieve medical attention....the hospital can not refuse you based on whether or not you can pay for their services. Health insurance and other coverages only exacerbates the problem because it diffuses the costs across the market between those who can't afford to pay yet consume the good and those who can afford to pay but do not use the good. This effectively provides yet another shield in between the health care industry and the free market.....Health care needs to face a free and open market in order to control costs.

our best and cheapest health care will come form a free market... get government out of health care completely.  they can't even run the post office how can they be trusted with our health

Obamacare is a stupid ideal.

No one listens.  Obamacare will not work.  No one can afford it.  It is only a massive welfare program for the poor.

Those young and healthy adults will eventually be old and needing care.  Bet this program isn't in effect by the time they need it.

The ONLY acceptable Obamacare in ANY state in the USA is...NO OBAMACARE !!!!!

Healthcare is a personal responsibility, not a public one.  Everything the government touches immediately costs more, turns brown and starts to stink.  If government got out of the way, competition across State lines would bring the cost of healthcare to a reasonable level.

The GOP made these same anti-govt, anti-poor arguments in 1920/30's's and drove us into the great depression. FDR in the thirties put the marginal tax rates on multimillion dollar incomes up to 70% on the wealthy and then Eisenhower in the 50's put it to 90% and the country boomed like no economy in human history. Every since economist understand the power of "redistribution of Income thru high Marginal tax rates". It does 3 important things. 1) It keeps money flowing thru the middle class who are the large demand engine--they buy everything and they are the reason factories exist and we can take such advantage of the economies of scale. But if instead the GOPsupports pooling of earnings at the top (low or no Taxes)--the funds no longer flow to the spenders but instead sit in foreign bank investments where they don't do our economy any good. 2) Low taxes on the wealthy encourage malfeasance of the wealthy to raid and out source U.S. manufacturing and that's what we saw when the rates on the wealthy dropped --all over America we now have Ghost towns and boarded up factories where vibrant middle class communities once thrived. and 3) The Government funds are needed to be spent on the "Greater Good" whether it be Roads and bridges, water treatment as well as Day care and school lunches and most important, a path for success for those not born into wealth--Rather that then building prisons. We are not asking for anything more other then return the tax code to what it was and return America to prosperity. This "I'll take my ball and go home" is simply posturing by the Wealthy to keep the game rigged after they got caught cheating. Pass it on.

Arkansas did elect Slick Willie.  So it has a history of making mistakes...

Anyone knows we need some health care reform, mostly in the area of TORT REFORM !!! Attorneys were determined to make as much money as doctors do , without the study nor the effort  and commitment it takes, and they have succeeded and passed on the costs to US !! 35 years ago a hospital room cost $100 per day on average !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Even then, as I was in the Insurance biz, people refused to pay $40 per month for their families insurance !! Gotta have another TV dontchaknow ! Then the attorneys went to WASHINGTON, like BIDEN, REID, and Obama...gee. aint we lucky to have so many attorneys, sorry ones too, lookin out for us..........Obamascare is a royal screw job and low info voters do not care cause they pay for ZERO anyway !!!No!  We don't seek this.

Looking at these posts, I wonder is the general American population really this stupid? Those that are whining about paying for the poor's healthcare, don't you know you are paying for that now in higher costs. We have the most expensive healthcare in the world covering the fewest people. The cost was and is unmanageable. The cost of healthcare was bankrupting the nation. Republicans and Democrats alike since Eisenhower have been trying to fix this problem. The Affordable Healthcare Act was the first significant legislation to address this issue in 60 years. Of course universal healthcare would have been a better option, but the electorate is either too stupid or selfish to accept that.

the ACA is a republican plan originally people , just thought you might want to think about that

Beginning in  2014: ins per person cost, which must be verified on IRS income tax forms, will cost $4000 per person, most likely more eventually as insurance companies comply with GOVERNMENT MANDATES. NO insurance proven? $2400 penalty to IRS to pay for ILLEGALS and other RIFFRAFF...and YOU still have NO COVERAGE ! Can not wait !!!

When these people also MUST HAVE the same coverage as me-----maybe, just maybe I will give more thought to it, which should be already the law of the land, everyone and I mean everyone must have o'bungocare------got it-----everyone-----

"Medicaid is always the lowest-cost provider of coverage in the market," said Timothy Jost of Washington and Lee University Law School. "Medicare (the public program for the elderly and disabled) is more expensive and private plans are yet more again."And medicaid is 100% subsidized by the US taxpayer and it's true costs and overhead and hidden in layers of bureaucracy.

Just today, the CBO announced their newest forecast of cost for obamacare - $6.3 trillion over ten years. barry said it would cost $900 billion - only a 700% increase in cost in a little over one year! This coupled with 15,000 pages of regulations so far. And people say this is good for America - when no one can afford it and it will kill business?

Obamacare is a piece of duke legislation.  Get rid of it.

Are these guys #$%$, repeal Obummer care and start over with some type of health account for everyone - this is the only way its going to work !!!!!!!!

From an Arkansan!  Poor is an Attitude, not our condition.  Obamacare will make us poor!This is not acceptable, especially from Republicans that know that we do not want Obamacare!NO OBAMACARE IS ACCEPTABLE!  It is legal murder of our elderly.

please obama care is a fraud . out and out fraud. please dont make a ponzy scheem govermental policy this is foolish. you are a fool obama. did i mention you failed iraq ?

No-obamacare !

I'm with jjmurray ,also Doctors mal-practice Insurance is through the roof, Un-called for law suits are killing Doctors practices, this is causing fewer Dr's  ,what good can come of that?Also Bad Doctors need removed from practice.

Where do all these people think this "extra federal money" is coming from? It's coming out of our pockets. This "extra money" is going to cost us all...

No part of Obamacare is palatable. It is all geared to socialized medicine. Anyone for that is looking to be governed by people like Hitler etc. You can fix healthcare without going to socialized medicine. I cannot believe the contempt BO has for the Constitution of the United State of America. God Bless America.

The only way this travesty of a law will be acceptable is to bury it alive and call it done.

Delete the federal government and replace it with a For-Profit Corporate Insurance Company.You'll soon be broke, homeless, and uninsured.Suckers.

If "they" take one taxpayers tax dollars and PAY for one parasites medical care, IT IS UNACCEPTABLE!STOP THE FREE RIDE!Stop Spreading OUR wealth around!

And as typical for all democrat initiated programs...the middle-class will bear the brunt of the cost while the free-loaders get a free ride and the health insurance providers get a big taxpayer funded payday.IMPEACH Obama the do nothing President.

f*** Obamacare,  Kill it.

The average American does not know what Obamacare is suppose to do, or how it will effect them. The average small business is also wondering how it is going to turn out. The only ones smiling are the congressman that don't care about it because it doesn't effect them, they are fine. Welcome to American Health Coverage, I think?

There is nothing acceptable in Obama Care...Repeal!! No compromise

How will private insurers provide full coverage on Medicare level premiums? Don't pretend you can make a profit and provide full benefits at that rate.

There is no such thing as an acceptable Obamacare.  It will further bankrupt our country.

Time to end all healtcare for people who can't afford it. Why should some out of work father having a heart attack receive care and the hospital pass the cost onto me.

Can't wait to see how many Thousands it will cost the working people of OBAMMY LAND.

Typical, as L.B. eloquently put it.  "The Dems fart and the Repubs  say,  wow can we smell it."  Can these clowns ever get anything done or do anything right that doesn't waste billions of tax dollars as it fills their own pockets?

Wait till all the a(ss)ho)les) who voted for Obama find out that they will have to pay a 3.8% tax on their real estate sales. Sell your house--give Obama 3.8% HE EARNED IT  WITH YOUR VOTE DUMMY!Americans  SOLD OUT

Why would a rational person think Obama care is good? Do you really want the government to run the healthcare industry in our country? Amtrak, social security, Medicare, Medicaid, the post office and any other program the government runs loses billions every year. Now you want the government to make decisions about your healthcare? Take your blinders off!!! Obama is not a God and you do not have to follow him like a passive lamb.

The only good alternate to OdumboCare is no OdumboCare.

Obamascare will crumble under its own weight or unrealistic expectations and higher costs.  Hopefully the damage will be limited.

I do love hearing from college economics students. They love to discuss theory, because they have no experience to discuss. If you are one of the families just above the Medicaid cutoff, cost is definitely a problem. A family of four faced with an $800 premium monthly that still has a $5,000 deductible is not a real option. Neither are tax credits if you cannot afford the premiums in order to qualify for those credits. Furthermore, the ever increasing number of uninsured puts extreme upward pressure on prices for everyone. In addition, the inexorable rise in costs paid by the businesses that do insure their workers is a drain on the bottom line and must be met either by increasing prices or increasing the amount the workers pay, further pricing them out of the market. When you see a hospital bill where $3500 was billed for a procedure that an uninsured person would be responsible for while the insurance company only paid $150, you begin to understand the problem further. To top it off, despite healthcare costs consuming 20% of GDP, we still rank well outside the top ten in the world for quality of care.

The people should not be subject to an Obamacare that the congress and president are exempt from...that is hypocrisy in and of itself! No thanks president...take it back to the drawing board!

The GOP just wants to give a gift to the insurance companies.  The ACA wasn't enough.

Arkansascare  v The Affordable Health Act. Affordable Health Act allows medical care as an American RIGHT.     Arkansascare = Grannies rumatiz medicine.

It's easy to be in favor of "free" health care when the rest of us are paying for it.

Adding big business to commie principles always works well. I am very excited to see how this works out for the "average" American.I am for Obama Care as long as ALL goverment -state- city-school teachers-politicans along with the president have to go the same route, go to the same clinic, use the same Dr. wait in line for hours. Folks this isn't free and it isn't healthcare it is goverment controll of our lives.

Your history Bebee, in 2014

Affordable Care Act, Obamacare, or Romneycare, is and was the right thing to do, it was the Insurance companies with their big time lobbying firms that tried to buy congress, so they can keep prices high, inflated prices on health-care ruins many families

The GOP should have been doing this from the beginning, at which point there would be healthcare reform that the entire country could approve of, instead their only addition to the debate was "kill the bill"

Isnt that what these politicans have is government run healthcare, they dont seem to complain about having it themselves but it is not good enough for the rest of the country. Let start the voucher system with the Congress and Senate and their families and see how far that gets.

"Arkansas' current $4.8 billion Medicaid program covers 700,000 people."  Wow.  Something is wrong with this.  That's about $7,000 per person covered.  Basic, high deductible (or catastrophic) insurance does not even cost 1/2 that much...

two more traitor, hang'em

I LOVE it..i LOVE how the republicans scream and yell and threaten to do this and that and then..finally cave in a year or so later after all that whining and crying..they just cant stand that american citizens can have health care without their big business health insurance companies being able to deny people for pre-existing conditions like cancer..

When Doctor's start showing up at the food bank that my Church operates. I will feel sorry for them. They are ripping off there patients so they can live a life stile that few of us can afford. That also goes for the Insurance Industry that makes a profit off all of us who have to buy Insurance from them. Insurance is the biggest scam that was created to make money off people.

Problem with washington is they know medicaid is broken full of fraud but yet instead of fixing the problem first they want to add millions more on to medicaid.Simple math will tell you that it will not bring down the cost of but bring it up.After 3 years every state will be complaining home much medicaid is costing them because on all obamacare added to there state.Seems to me is is not a winning situation for the states to take on more medicaid till the medaciad as we know it is fixed.Obamacare is going to be riddled with froud like this country has never seen before,.You thought medicare had froud just wait till obamacare gets started plus remember all the taxes that come along with it.Will add to the debt and never will be able to keep up with it.At some poit they will have to throw it all out and start over.Written to fast for something as big as it is.dumocrats for you.Take your acceptable Obamabcare and stick it up your RINO rectums.

Obamacare is awsome for those who are too useless to get A job and pay for their own insurance, mainly his whole race and the mexicans

None of this (including so-called Obamacare) will work so long as healthcare remains a for-profit enterprise. The insurance companies make money off of the doctors and the patients, continually driving up costs. As to the "Free Market" myth, consider that a conference call between a few of the big players can set the rates at whatever level they choose.

"Their idea is to use privatization" How many times do we have to go over this ......NO... Why would this be any more palitable than privatizing Social security....The anwser is NO!

Obamacare, already a massive FAILURE.

Will Obama and his family along with congress be taking Obamacare as well?

Another reason big health insurance companies LOVE the GOP.  Cha-ching!

well maybe the next president can just throw this unaffordable obamma care out. get rid of this law and new taxes

Obamacare is about control, not health care.

wow, r  e  d  n  e  c k is being blocked? you  racist think that's an offensive wordan acceptable owebumacare is to tear up the bill before it destroys private sector healthcare so the govment run single payer system is installed.  owebumacare is designed to destroy private sector health care over a few years. EVERYTHING the democrats have ram roded through gangsta style are LIES. NO lower cost or you get to keep your own doctor and plan! You will soon have NEITHER. Look who is coming to the rescue DIEann:Editorial: Sen. Dianne Feinstein fighting outrageous health insurance rate hikesPosted:   03/13/2013 08:34:46 PM PDTUpdated:   03/13/2013 08:35:59 PM PDTThirty-three states have laws regulating insurance rates. Private insurers have had ample opportunity to get behind fair regulation in California to allow reasonable rate increases and profits, but they have fought it at every turn. Instead, for years they have been pounding customers with double-digit rate increases far beyond the rise in medical costs and raking in record profits.Sen. Dianne Feinstein has the solution for the 17 states lacking the authority to block or modify egregious rate increases. She is proposing to give the secretary of Health and Human Services power to examine health insurance premiums and deny unjustified or excessive rate hikes. Congress should pass Feinstein's bill, and if it doesn't, Californians should protect their own interests with a ballot proposition planned in 2014.The latest outrage is Blue Shield of California's plan to raise rates by as much as 19.9 percent for an estimated 265,000 of its policyholders. State Insurance Commissioner Dave Jones last week blasted the request as unreasonable, but that's about all he can do. First as a state senator and now as insurance commissioner, Jones has tried to give California the power to rein in abusive health insurance companies. But insurers' aggressive lobbying and a core of mostly Republican backers in Sacramento have blocked him.Blue Shield isn't the only culprit; Aetna has announced plans to increase rates for about 20,000 of its policyholders by 11.4 percent. Remember, it was Aetna's 40 percent rate increase in California in 2010 that President Barack Obama cited as a principal reason for his national health care reforms.Medical costs are increasing at nowhere near the pace insurers want Californians to believe. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services reported in January that overall U.S. health care spending grew 3.9 percent in 2011. That's the third consecutive year of record low levels of growth.Feinstein points out that from 2008 to 2011, in one of the nation's worst economic downturns, profits of the five largest for-profit health insurance companies increased by 61 percent.Americans have a lot more to do to control medical costs long-term. But that's no excuse for health insurance companies to gouge policyholders for outrageous profits.If Congress doesn't, California must.- San Jose Mercury News

Obamacare was the result of years of lobbying by the healthcare industry.It does not remedy nor try to fix the biggest failures of the system at all.Privatizing the health care industry means that instead of a government agent, now a customer service representative will decide if you are covered. Guess which one will fight more to deny you coverage.Rising COST , did I say rising cost. More people insured = More money in the pool for BIG Pharma, Hospitals, so to speak business , the offer stay stable but demand is increased = Price increases.

There is NO "acceptable" version of OsamaCare...the whole scheme is PURE EVIL.  Another tax burden on working folks, designed expressly to generate hand-outs for Wets &amp; Welfare Queens.

The only acceptible reform is a repeal of Obamacare and have the process start up open and transparent.Obama and his crew did this under cover of night because as we all know this bill has aspects that are undesirable for all age groups. Premiums higher for younger and healthy people, lower for older people but when they turn need that hip replacement at 65 it will likely be denied with the government using a person's life span and recovery similar to what they railed against Insurance companies for. The federal government will be the underwritter and their formulas are not sustainable.

yep repubs as usual...privatize everything! trade gov red tape for private red tape and maximum profit for thier pals.

Just seen on Fox News, Washington State plans to offer "congress care" to every citizen, including a free pot card!! Go move to Washington NOW!!! Basically, that's how real this #$%$ is! If you aren't given the same care as the people who are signing the bill, it is worthless!!

Arkansas GOP is caving into Socialism. Don't you fools see what the hell is happening in Europe?  Is this whole damn country BRAIN DEAD?!!!!!

If the criminals in Washing had worked together in good faith instead of just saying No to everything a workable compromise was easily obtained...But because of Obstructionist criminals this is what you got...vote the sorry Btards out

Their idea is to use privatization to avoid the proliferation of government bureaucracy that conservatives vehemently oppose.Isnt this the part the EVERYONE else vehemently opposes. Isnt that the part of the Paul Ryan budget that was debunked repeatedly?I hope they do it. And I hope that privatization works. Because if it does, it'll cost the citizenry  10x more! Privatized health care is WHY wee wanted a health care overhaul to begin with. THE COST IS ASTRONOMICAL!Why or how they could be so stupid is mind boggling!

There is no such thing as acceptable Obamacare.Affordable Care Act: new state-based insurance marketplaces, or exchanges. In Arkansas those would become the vehicle for providing private coverage to Medicaid recipients and others. See you Republitards, it can work, if your willing to try different things. Amazing what might happen if we work in a bipartisan way.

There's the model:  Democrats and Republicans working together.  Finally!

The part that they didn't put in the article is that Arkansas is going Bloomberg, banning fried foods, Moon Pies, large Dr Peppers from Sonic and all items at KFC.crybaby

They should let Arkanas try this as a viable alternative. With less than 3 million people to affect, it would be a good test.

"Acceptable" and "Obamacare" are two mutually exclusively terms.

the mainstream media is nothing but obama stenographers.anybody know chris matthews due date with barrys baby?

Universal Healthcare for all. The single, best solution.

OH YEAH...the Repubes are giving up!  Just keep the pressure on them!

LoL Now the same  #$%$ republicans who swore they'd die on the confederate flag before they took a dime of Obama-care must have seen the light.

A couple more Republicans looking to end thier political careers. HEY GOP STOP SELLING OUT YOUR PARTY!Affordable Healthcare Act - all about taking care of the non-essentials of the country. Hoping the POS non-essential, low-class "poor" all get cancer and die...along with the president who is responsible for getting this signed into law.

obamacare will not work as long as the insurance companies try to turn a profit.

Arkansas is STILL going to be on the hook for all that increase in the very near future when the federal subsidies run out. Socialists ALWAYS run out of other people's money. We don't need to be trying to find ways to make it work.....we need to be getting rid of ALL of it.

Would love someone to explain "competition" as it relates to the Healthcare Industry in this country and to explain "affordable" as it relates to the "Affordable Care Act". I could use a good laugh today.

There's only one acceptable Obamacare - the completely repealed version.

never doubt a Republican turning down Govt. money. HYPOCRITES.

Michael; Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security and SSI were all democrats programs and what is destroying this country with debt, the above. Democrats won't do anything about the fraud because it would cost public sector jobs and the unions would lose unions dues, get a friggin grip. Takes more public sector workers to process those fraud cases, get rid of the fraud and oh my layoff time......

And this my friends is what is truly wrong with the Republican party.... what do they stand for?.... whatever it takes to get elected...... abandon all aspects of conservatism just to stay or get into office....

OBAMA OR YO MAMA HA HA LOL...

I work. I'm a power plant tech. I work days, nights, rain, sleet, and snow. I have insurance, not the best, but pretty good. Why is it that when obama care takes effect next year My insurance will be considered a Cadillac policy and I will have to pay an extra fee to the government on top of the already rising price of my insurance?More RINOS, they are all just one, big party called communists.  We have to get these jokers out of office.

young boys butts drain elmos nuts!

Arkansas republicans? Obamacare? Wow:)

NO provisions of Obamacare are "palatable" to hard-core conservatives. These Republicans are the ones who are out of line.

Arkansas has a population of fewer than 3 million people with 700,000 on medicaid which puts over 23% of the states population on medicaid. Now we all know not all 3 million are  wage earners and of those that are, most would not be at the higher end of the wage scale. If this plan works here, it should be adopted by all states.

This health care law is insane and must be stopped. If it's a tax where was my representation? The cost will over load us, all of the new taxes.It must be defunded. It's so outrageous, the arrogance of the Obama administration. Even when it was being written and how it was being handed down, did anyone really read it. I think all of us will be stunned if it all gets implemented. Lets do what the Amish did with SSI, opt out, they did it with SSI. Let's check the court cases and copy it.

Nullify Obama care all together and leave us alone, Elections are comming and we are watching and taking down names.

I don't have any respect for bebee , spineless  , balls the size of a field mouse , afraid to sign execution order but doesn't have a problem with abortion . He's the white in chicken poop , it's still chicken poop . I'll be glad when he's gone !!!!

Obamacare is just recyled REPUBLICAN ideas from the 90s. But since Obama supported it now they HATE their own ideas. Funny!

Anyone know how long it takes for pasta to cook?So you knew it was coming, by 2014 there will not be one Republican Governor opposing Obama care.

Who's the biggest employer in Arkansas? What Arkansas company owns an exorbitant amount of the Nations wealth? Which Arkansas based company has expanded nationwide and as a result forced many business closures and increased unemployment?

So many people on here argue the rights and wrongs of the health care reform act, But no-one admits one vital thing... We NEED some kind of reform.. If we dont get more people paying for they're share of healthcare in the next 10 years, bye the next 20 yrs even middle class families wont be able to afford health care coverage for all siblings... Theres too many people dont have health care at all causing the price of prem. to rise year to year...in under 6 years alone i watched the cost of ER visit out of pocket on my benefits go from $80 - 100 -$120... that means w/o reform at the current rate even with insurance by 2016 i will be required to pay around $200 just to go to the ER... Plan and simple More republicans need to be doing more to work with Dems for a better plan.. For god sakes its already through!!! It takes this congress 6 yrs to pass bills through... this is through already... All it takes is a a few signatures to be changed for the better....  Do your damn jobs Congressman... I do mine every f*cking day!!!

If you can't beat them, join them. An old motto

Medicaid covers 700,000 people.. What !!! Thats about a third of their population !!! Talk about a welfare state... Stop the welfare to people and to #$%$ states !!!

"Relax.  The US health care system is second only to Japan . . . Canada . . . Sweden . . . Great Britain, well, all of Europe.  But you can thank your lucky stars that we don't live in Paraguay."-Homer Simpson - 1992And we were much better off then.

its cheaper to send them to doctor than the er and we still get bill but alot less and more people not sick less waiting at er everybody wins.

Fun Fact, the only State doing good now are run by Republicans, Virginia, Texas, Wisconsin, North Dakota and South Carolina to name some. Thats why Liberals lie to get elected...

"The Obama administration appears to have embraced the "private option" as a lever for giving reluctant Republicans who are besieged by health industry lobbying campaigns a way to accept the Medicaid expansion without losing political face."Without losing political face? Millions of uninsured Americans are denied basic healthcare each year because their corrupt southern governments refuse to see them treated at hospitals and some of these people die as the result or they suffer needlessly. I cannot believe how stupid Americans are. You are handed a golden goose and all you want to do is cook and carve it up for Thanksgiving. Obamacare is about sick people, not profit margins. You cannot privatize healthcare. Privatization implies profit motive and implies discrimination to low income citizens because they are not profitable. I worked my #$%$ off to see Obamacare implemented and now they want to do what they have been doing all along? And just to save political face? You people get exactly what you deserve. God Save the Queen!!

Only Evil Anti American Liberals would believe its ok to use drones to kill Americans without due proess...Once again nothing is being done to put people back to work.  When are we going to learn and sent them on their way if they do not do some thing for us.  No work no pay they should no get paid if they can not do their job.  If we did worked like this we would loose our jobs.  They should to.

Hrers aClue Throw it the trash, problem over"

As usual, Republicans looking yet again for a way to skim $ from the poorest &amp; pass it to the wealthiest:"The four Republican legislators, who must now sell the Medicaid plan to their fellow conservatives, say they also want "skin-in-the-game" measures requiring new copays, deductibles and other cost-sharing measures for beneficiaries."These people can't afford to buy insurance on their own , so how are they going to afford copay's, deductibles, etc..

Wow, it appears that common sense seems to be overtaking the Republican party.  Finally.

We all know the number one fraud is the U.S.Congress, Why would they fix something that they steal from

We are a primitive society. Things like healthcare and research in the sciences are all hindered by funding rather than the limitations of the Mind in the moment. We are a morally bankrupt people. The only thing we care about is endless consumption and egotistical greed. Materialism is our God.

one minstue u all wanting to take it and cut it and next mintune support it you all so dumb then a box of rocks.......u dont coner dict your self .....

Would it be too much to ask for this Affordable (NOT)! Health Care Act never to be called Obamacare again? If you like your insurance, you can keep it....my spouse and I have had an increase of $400 in the last year alone ($1500 per month for both)...just received notice it's going up again. Co pays increasing, pharmacy coverage decreasing.....before affordable care, only about 1/4 of the country had no insurance, of that 37% could afford it, chose not to. Making mommy and daddy pay insurance until the age of 26? No wonder this is such an entitlement generation. No one goes without med. care and now I'm paying for everyone else. What a country!

Define Hard Core Republican please??????

Is there anything acceptable about Obamacare?Arkansas should do the rest of us a favor and secede.

The best way to get ObamaCare passed in the Red States is to get conservatives to believe it was their idea all along.....like we're doing in Arkansas!

It is amazing to me that conservatives trust for profit insurance firms more than the actions of a democratic government.  The United States Federal Government has done many things we should not be proud of, but her behavior is heads and tales better than the average corporation.

I hope they enjoy their last term in Arkansas.

screw obamacare

"Conservative"?? They favor forcing people to subsidize big business just like "Liberals".  The difference between the two? Conservatives want the poor and the middle class to pay. Liberals want the rich and the middle class.  Two forms of State Socialism

This thing is a Trojan horse...we're just beginning to find out all the horrible secrets inside...

Its almost.better to be illegal in the country free healthcare, in state tuition, no taxes etc

well we all know that Obama care needs some adjustments! that's been known for a bit. but in Congress the teabaggers have Stopped any adjustments!

Here we go the Republicans are becoming the same as the liberal dems.  I am telling you if this keep this up there will be a revolution.Don't you just love that hard core smirk on his face? He doesn't get Obama care like the rest of us slugs.

I vote Republican but I don't like them either anymore. What I do know is that I am self employed and I can't buy insurance because of a pre existing. I am in great health. I just want some damn insurance. Get it together politicians.

Arkansas has a Governor whose last name and brain size are the same. "Bebe".

Our current regime is realizing after their 'we won get in the back seat' routine that obamacare is a money pit...now they want to piggy back even more private ventures to help prop up their garbage...after just having a serious short term medical problem I got to experience first hand how this garbage works and how terrible it is...my old 'cadillac luxury plan' that I supposedly had was stripped to nothing to make sure 'everyone' has health care (including illegals) and I got a fistful of subpar care...the old system wasn't perfect but it wasn't this socialistic nightmare...

Then the penalty for not having auto insurance is a tax, and home owners too. Remember, its what you get in return for a tax that is at question. Not just mindless dislike of all taxes. Our city, states and federal governments couldn't run without taxes and we couldn't live without these civil organizations. So grow up, mentally.

Abraham Lincoln

we need to get rid of the republican party who was not around when they were in power. These guys are control freaks and did nothing to help the majority of our people.

Its JUST A TAX NOTHING MORE!!! THE dam thiefs have stole ALL THERE IS AND THE ONLY WAY THEY CAN CONTIUNE TO STEAL IS INVENT SOME BS like OBAMA DONT CARE... Ask your self Why dont They have Obama CARE. ITS BECAUSE HE DONT GIVE A DAM BOUT YOU,,, It is a PLOY to BREAK THE COUNTRY. Wait till Your dad need help, then you go before a DEATH PNL.  THIS DUDE IS SATAN

The Federal Dept of Education and the Energy Dept., both of which add zero to the betterment of the Nation should be abolished. This would save and est. 100 billion which could be keep by the States. Problem partially solved.

This powerful item of our country's constitution has been watered down and ignored by the droves of politicians out to leech off of the american people, and the uneducated population of this great country. Take heed everyone and don't continue to drink the political kool-aid. This type of government is exactly what our nations founders have foreseen and warned us against. Everyone is counting on our government to make all the decisions, when the decision process, by it's very nature, is in the hands of the citizens of this country.Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether that nation, or any nation so conceived and so dedicated, can long endure. We are met on a great battle-field of that war. We have come to dedicate a portion of that field, as a final resting place for those who here gave their lives that that nation might live. It is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this.But, in a larger sense, we can not dedicate -- we can not consecrate -- we can not hallow -- this ground. The brave men, living and dead, who struggled here, have consecrated it, far above our poor power to add or detract. The world will little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here. It is for us the living, rather, to be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced. It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us -- that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion -- that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain -- that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom -- and that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.Let's see, for profit resource sapping, these companies are forced to find ways to become efficient. The greatest resource drain is ten(?) women for every doctor and nurse in the doctor's offices forcing the cost at the base to skyrocket to 8 to 10 times what it should be. Government health care, has anyone checked the VA system lately?

Arkansas republicans are too busy checking out kiddie porn to care about this country.