Egyptians voted for the MB and they wanted freedom of the press? The MB don't event tolerate freedom of speech, or women to have their own minds.

another country we shouldnt give money 2

Assaulting journalists is just a respite for the Muslim Brotherhoodlums from beating the other Egyptians. Worry not...this is just the beginning there.

This is the Muslim way. NO MORE FOREIGN AID. to these violent , law  breaking, little turds. Let them starve if that is what is needed to reverse their decisons

Step by step, blootherhood will impose its stone age law and camel's sex suck, instead women, whom they dont trust.

Muslim Brotherhood, once kept in check, now free to infest the Middle East, as if the Middle East needed a new terror organization. Yet, Obama praises them as a path forward for the Middle East.

LOL. What did they expect? Freedom of the Press. Can't stop laughing at these naïve journalists. Still laughing. In the western media, they bend over backwards talking nice about these terrorists, in the mistaken belief that if we are nice to them, they will like us. Ha

Islam is the culprit......*))

Of course ,they are afraid of women and anybody who speaks their own mind!Read up what Islam is all about !!!!

Provoked and insulted by the activists and journalists? I see that everyday watching MNSBC and CNN. So what's new here?Its the Brotherhood , what did you expext !!!!

I am shocked that such an accusation could be made against the just Mooolime brudders???? The journalists must be having a slow day, not being able to accuse Israel of somethin.

we won't hear a word from the liberal media in the US about the persecution against media in egypt. Morsi is the liberals freind in the US.

The Muslim Brotherhood will blame Israel for the unrest in Egypt. They'll accuse Mossad of infiltrating the "peaceful" Mulim Brotherhood. Right wing Conservatives will blame the "Liberal American media" for reporting the story. The Liberal Democrats will claim that Mitt Romney outsourced G.W. Bush to Antarctica. Life goes on unchanged.

Obama sending the brotherhood our tax dollars and military hardware. For what?

Quick! Have Obama give them another $250 million, that will "fix everything".

No Islam, no problem.

But Obama and the national media left wing liberals were saying how great it was for Egypt to have democracy. Reality is setting in and it will be Bush's fault.

Obama has been helping the Muslim Brotherhood try to install a 'religious state' rather than a 'secular state'. Muslim history is full of the religious factions wars they will return if they succeed.Ask which Madrassa Obama attended in Indonesia? Perhaps he had already chosen one type of Muslimism.

When you are a journalist covering the Muslim Brotherhood it's best to control your temper......you don't want to lose your head!moon god worshippers are against all human life unless you follow there rules and ways.

where were these journalists when the American female reporter was raped? didn't see them protest that. Muslims have the real war on women. but you leftys praise them

Well, surprise, surprise . . .NOT!

Democratic, reformed, new Egypt at work.  And to think our President collaborated and sent so much foreign aid to help them.  DISGUSTING.  Bring back Mubarak - at least he put these criminals behind bars.  He knew them exactly for what they were  America should stop being so naive as to think that democracy is understood and should be in every country.  MB is nothing but thugs and promoters of terror.

LOL, hey EGYPT MOOZIES, so how is spring time going for you? Not to good you say, it's more like an endless winter, well put on a coat, you haven't seen anything yet

any journalist kowtowing to the arabs deserves what they get,no sympathy here.

Liberals- where are you, aren't you outraged by the treatment of the press in Egypt????Not 1 thing to say from these ghosts!!!

Barry's buddies the Brotherhood are some great people. Boy that's who I would want to hang around with .... not. Just shows you what kind of Leader we have in this country !!!!

I wish the egyptians would learn how to build car bombs - they are way behind the times on randomly killing and maiming muslims

We need to get as many of the "brotherhood" together in Egypt and the BLOW the whole country up.This cannot be.  Obama is ruling the earth, and everything is wonderful!

Aren't these Obama's friends?

We should do this to our Media.

Until these radicals leave the political platform; they will never have peace and prosperity. I think we should send our gay population to Egypt for a vacation; I will bet money they will come back straight or not come back at all.

Journalists need to get over it!  The Muslim Brotherhood doesn't want them publishing freely, so wise up and quit the liberal crying.

They're the ''religion of peace'' remember.

I wonder why we have been sending them money and war planes.

just a bunch of brown shirts.

why is this story even worth the power it takes to transmit it?

the more money we give Egypt the more we support MuslimsForeign aid to Egypt needs to stop immediately from the USA.   Use that money to fix our own problems!

The Muslim Brotherhood at work, the group Obama supports. I hope now Obama realizes they are not the "Hood".

Sharia, just like in Afghanistan, the Arab Spring consolidating.

Boo hoo. The so-called "journalists" were cheerleaders for the so-called "Arab Spring". Let them harvest some of the crop they helped to plant.

Provoked and insulted by the activists and journalists, sounds rewriting the truth because they can't handle it. Gee Opie what does that remind me of?

They need to take the brother out  because they do not no what brother really means, call them just  the hood !!  i love it when they strape a bomb on and it go,s off before they get to there target.

Covering a meeting they should have never known about !!! Muslim Brotherhood were meeting up with Hamas prominent leaders, i.e Mr/ Khaled Meshael,  at Muslim Brotherhood's headquarters .Muslim Brotherhood wanted to keep it out of sight .

Thanks to Hilliary and Odumbo this is what you get when a terrorist organization are running the country. Our taxpayer money keeps going to these #$%$ while our vets have to wait forever to get financial help they deserve. Arab Spring = suppression thanks to our Government.

Egypt needs Obama as president.

Shocking I tell you! shocking!I wish the Muslim Brotherhood would come over to the USA and do the same beating up on ABC,CBS, NBC, CNN, and PBS!  Bout time someone gave them a dose of their own medicine!

Stupidity reigns in Egypt.  It was always been there, it's just that now the world is paying attention as they showcase their collective #$%$ on he Arab Street.

Hard to believe

And the muslim brotherhood begins to show it's true face.

When does Israel take out Morsi and his facist terrorists Muslim Brotherhood? Morsi is a jackass and his own people will hang this Islamic Marxist to a pole. Scoreboard, The Islamic Republic of Egypt needs to be destroyed as it is killing many Coptic Church members and I would put all these Islamic Terrorists on trial. A perfect world in my opinion is when Morsi is sentenced to a worst sentence then Nubarick.

Deep in their hearts, the Muslim Brotherhood do not believe in democracy, individual freedoms, equality, or social justice.  They will do any thing to control Egypt if they can get away with it.  It is better for the U.S, the west and Israel to realize that and side with the Egyptian people before it is too late.  The new generation of young Egyptians will never ever allow another dictatorship.

and Obama is giving them over a billion dollars in aide that we don't have. When will people realize this man is Muslim and his goal is to ruin this country all the while helping his Muslim brothers.

if the muslim brotherhood can not handle insults then they need to crawl back under their rocks

Sickening and disgusting.

Insults do not draw blood. Our babies in America learn that in nursery school. Sticks and Stones.The ZioNaz*is have killed over 150 international journalists and routinely beats and harrasses others. It fired into the Russian Press TV building prior to its latest genocidal raid into Gaza. The ZioNaz*is don't want the world to witness first hand its genocide against the palestinians.