What the heck is he doing with a Rusky Bulgarian first name?

Loony Boris for PM - that would be silly and dangerous to the extreme!

Why would you name your kid "Boris"? What John or William is no good?

Long live Bulgaria!

Look, the mans a nincompoop, so he eminently qualified for the position of tory Prime Minister.

Not another tory muppet,eton,harrow Oxbridge establishment no no ! none of them can get anything right ,London need electric trolley buses for public transport,not ashma creating diesel.We need proper banking reform ,fraudulant bankers need banging up , banks need to lend to manufacturing ,all these are against the conservative ideology of selling off everything and let the stockmarket rule and rip off !

God Spare Us from all of them !!!!

The man is a complete baffoon

Yet another non - story... Other reports of the interview say that he wanted to be able to play the guitar well &amp; be the lead singer in a rock band.. The P.M. remark was very much him saying that in the very unlikely event of the position coming up he wouldn't mind going for it. This report makes it sound as if he's thinking of challenging for the job.. gutter level reporting ' again'

It's a brilliant idea. Political death of the Tory party in double quick time.Go for it Boris. The sooner you do, the sooner this farce will end.I hope this blonde bomdshell never becomes PM! That would be a national disaster! He is surrounded by controversy all the tiime and has many political opponents who would challenge him should he stupidly decide to pursue a leadership challenge.He's does not have the credentials nor the respect of many Lords and MP's to be PM and he wouldn't be taken seriously as he makes many gaffes which portray him in a comedic light. I accept a sense of humour is essential but Boris is too humourous and politicians and journalists alike see him as a court jester in a suit!!

Maybe he should go and apply for a position in the house of commons bar that would suit him.

From one eejit to another, this man is dilusional the country would be on its knees as the lunatics take over the asylum

"have a crack" that gives confidence to the British public, just what we need another idiot !!!

If he wants to be a PM he better join UKIP.

Right school,background etc---God help us

oh come on...only cockneys are silly enough to vote for him.

He'll do more damage to the country that the Nazis did.

But I dont think he is Jewish? Or is he?

God forbid.Boris Johnson public persona = a loveable idiot. Boris Johnson the realty = a seriously right wing politician, would only look after his cronies and himself.

BORIS for MASTER of the UNIVERSE  !!!

What on earth does he look like?

well a complete liar of a cheating BUFFOON could not make a bigger mess than the idiots we have now, or a non British millipeed who hate everything British ,,,,,so why not? Mayor of London suits him more

Boris for Pope

Boris is a fool but he'll probably be better than crackpot Cameron!

why not ? one more blustering booby wont make a different, at least he has more personality than the other grey leaders

I'd like for it to happen just long enough to see Ken Livingstone's reaction.  Then yank him out before he can do any more damage.

i would prefer the chuckle brothers. It actually wouldn't make a slight bit of difference because it's the banking elite that rule our countries. the politicians are just servants to them

I think he would make quite a good PM, Just not sure for which party!!!Theyr`e all jockeying for position now, when the hounds smell blood springs to mind; wonder when Osborne will throw his cap in the ring ?.

Maybe he should just form a double act with Berlesconi, the two buffoons; world class.

NO!

Too much in the pockets of his zionist banksters and media chums he went to Oxford with!  Perhaps they are all Bullingdon boys aswell.

He would make a great Prime Minister-Suppose you guys on here would rather Miliband...

"Someone said to me once, 'That's Cameron mi' (minor) and there was this tiny chap, I dimly remember."Does he mean tiny in stature or tiny in intellect, he looks above average height to me.

Very   Niiiiiiiccce

Cameron should be sent bare foot mine hunting in Afghanistan, I think Boris would be an excellent PM not someone who has made the whole country think people on Benefits are #$%$ when not all of them are!

NO!!!!!!

He'd get my vote; at least when the ship sinks he'd make it entertaining.Racist, violent #$%$. Google him for ONE minute and you will see this is NOT an exaggeration - and to those who hate Cameron, (as I do) Boris would be NO different. USE YOUR BRAINS.

In the pocket of dead children phone hacker RUPERT MURDOCH. Thats why The Sun lives him.