I pray for peace.  No more killing.

Why the Palestinian people deserve own country and the Kurdish people do not ?Send freedom flotilla to the Kurdish areas .

Prayers and Good Wishes to both the Turkish and Kurdish peoples in their historic quest to establish, without outside interference, peace, security and mutual respect between themselves.May they set a new, meaningful pattern for all of the deserving peoples of the long-suffering MidEast lands.

Those 3,500 armed Kurdsish fighters that will join the other 3,500 stationed in Northern Iraq are what I call the bargaining chip for negotiations.The Turkish government will be forced to give the Kurds what they want, or those 7,000 will return in force and create havoc.

The Kurds are going to have turkey tonite.

it would be stupid, i would tell tyrkey give me in writing  that after i call for peace i will go free

freedom ringing peace

its about time they decieded to talk

Unfortunately, there are so many brain washed and uneducated people in Turks and Kurts. There wont be any Kurdish goverment in Turkey. It will never happen. There are almost 90 million Turks in Turkey and Kurds (who are also TURKS) make around 15-18% of the population.  Unfortunately, most of the Terrorist target young, poor and uneducated people Kurts. I am not saying all the Turks are innocent either.  I believe some Turks are little bit racist. I think with education and new generation of people, we need to find the common ground.

Good News for all.bout time someone is trying to be reasonable.

and you think you will get away with murder

Until there is an independent Kurd homeland this will never stop. With Syria about to topple and Iraq still in upheaval now would be the perfect time to acknowledge these people as their own country under rule of self determination.

I hope this works out very well for both parties. Israel would be very sad. As Israeli terrorist state trained the PKK and supplies info to attack Turkish civilians.It is a good for Muslims, but a sad day for Muslims haters

kurds are turds

they can go to IRAK for their Kurdistan,, not TURKEYhey GHOST  go to IRAK