Wow she fake her disappearance so she could smoke fake pot??? Fake pot???? Breaking the law to smoke fake drugs??? Am I missing a core component of her motivation or what?

1)  Take the child out of that abusive 'family' setting and revoke their parental rights.2) Make them pay the costs of the search3) send themto jail for a long time.

I hope they can find a way to charge her and convict of her of faking a distress call.  I hope they make her pay restitution for wasting the time of law enforcement.  And finally, I hope they throw the book at her for smoking synthetic weed in front of her child.

Someone once asked me: "How stupid can a woman get?" My answer: "This stupid."

The two nut cases deserve each other.  Find a good home for the child though.

Why didn't they have enough balls to stand up to each of their families, and live as they chose, without all the lies?

Someone should be sitting in a chair with a therapist.

I hope the little girl doesn't go back to her.

So at first i'm thinking the parents should butt out, If they want to be together leave them alone. BUT as I get further not only have they made up this elaborate story, They are in some sleaze bag motel with this poor lil child and they are smoking synthetic pot with her in the same room,,,,,SMFH, I hope either the grand parents or social services steps in and takes that child away

I hope this woman is charged...Putting her family through all this unnecessary grief...and to add because her family had a strong hatred for her ex-husband they must have thought he had something to do with her fake disappearance...as I sit here and shake my damn head..Sounds like a real love fest.

When your actions directly endanger your children, then you should lose your children. I hope the court gets it right and takes away both of their parental rights for good.

Nutjobs.Kid needs to be taken away &amp; these 2 losers need to pay back the $$$$$ spend on searching for them before they get locked up......jmo

What the heck's wrong with people these days?  They take no rsponsibility for their own actions nor, in this case, did they consider the welfare of their own daughter.

hope they take that poor four year old away from that nut mother, they can charge her with false incident reporting. What is fake pot?

Step one should be to fix both of those #$%$ so's they can't breed anymore.

Jerry Jerry Jerry Jerry Jerry!

Foster parents should take the child and the couple can re-unite and smoke synthetic marijuana for the rest of their lives. Wonderful.

What idiots, her and the ex.

Smoked synthetic pot near her kid? You mean the kind that makes you strip and run down the street naked trying to bite people? Hmmm....I think she should lose parental rights.Men get blamed often for women's behavior.  Odd that women rarely get blamed for men's behavior.  Why is that ?

I hope and pray that 4 year old girl turns out ok in life with parents like that she already has 2 strikes against her now.

wow no wonder kids act the way they do! maybe we need to have classes in better parenting! and fake pot do you people not read that stuff kills it is worse than ciggs and real pot! get that child into a family that wants her and that will provide the tools for the child to be healthy and happy!

No wonder the families hate each other. They're both a bunch of losers. They should both be charged with child endangerment. Who in their right mind smokes any kind of dope, with their children around. Send them both to prison and let this baby have a fair chance at life. And do something to keep them from ever creating life again. Sickos!!!

White Trash!

White Trailer Trash. Every race has it's own slime to deal with.

There are millions of morons like this "mom" in our country.  GOD help us.

Sounds like a low budget Lindsay Lohan story.

What is it about some girls/women that are drawn to men that beat the snot out of them,and continue to go back for more abuse  i'll never understand.

Love...exciting and new!The word "imbeciles" doesn't BEGIN to cover this female and her ex.

you stupid b****.

Typically these "abductions" and disappearances where the woman texts for help turn out to be hoaxes or unfounded. One just happened her in Connecticut last month. I'm not sayng there hasn't or won't be times that this can happen, but considering the circumstances under which many women are victimized, not getting separated from their phone AND being alone or isolated in a way that facilitates being able to send a text message, even clandestinely, is pretty rare.

match made in heaven. TWO LOSERS with a kid

Parents of the Year?  NOT!

Reporter seems to have forgotten something.  Mom's in jail [how long can she be held without bail, without being charged??].  Dad's in jail.  And where is the 4 year old Zoee?

This is just one heck of a feelgood story.

A sixty day suspended sentence?    That's the problem.   He walked away from it before without suffering any consequences for his actions.   Isn't America wonderful?

INTERVENTION !

Idiot pot-heads with nothing better to do but play pranks on cops.. hope they throw the book at them in court for being such moronsJust part of the American Gene Pool. Good luck, USA!

Child abuse if they were smoking fake pot around the child. I hope she never gets the child back. Don't care what happens to the grownups but leave your child out of it.she should have to pay all expenses on the serch for her.

Love sure can blind us.........

Thanks for wasting everybody’s time Rachel.If you want attention, trying doing something positive.Please don't pop anymore children out until you get "right" in the head.

Two idiots too weak to tell their respective families to "butt out".  So she wants to be with a man that abuses her, but she didn't have to expose the child to this major charade.  I hope she has to pay for all the man hours that went into looking for her.

White trash.  I hope the family members can give their little girl a better life.

The saddest part about this is the fact that the kid has a pretty tough road ahead of her.  She's got both her idiot mother's genes AND her idiot father's genes.  That sucks.  I really do hope the people trying to get custody win because she doesn't have much of a chance with her parents.

another goof....

Part of the American Gene Pool. Good Luck, America.

Classy. I hope Social Services has removed the child from the home. Pretty clear case of child neglect and endangerment.I can't count the number of fake kidnappings women have used to get away from me.

Synthetic #$%$?

hillbillies behaving badly !!!...tomorrows reality tv stars .

This is what I call a poor excuse of someone calling herself a mother, this is not what a real mother acts like, the child should have a happy home life not living like this , she does not deserve to have a child. and look what the cost of all this is . if they can afford to buy pot they should pay for all the expense this cost.

They should throw the book at her and charge her for the cost of the woman/child hunt.  Take the child to a good foster care, she would be better off.  The families are very disfunctional.

most of these young girls anymore only think about smoking  suckn and phkn

Loser + Loser = Losers

well in calie~ thay can hold you for 72 hrs no charges~ the baby's better off with out momy and dad~ going to get high neglect the baby you can burn in hell

A fake abduction, fake pot, then calls the boyfriend while at a no tell motel with the ex husband . If it hadn't happened in Missouri I would think it was a fake story but it did . The only part that is missing is the trailer park .

what is synthetic pot?This is classic. Much better than the popeyed runaway bride, but not getting the same play.

Judas priest, there are more stories like this all the time!

Somebody please take the child away from these white trash idiots.

The kid might have a bright future.

That would be illegal in OHio..

They wanted to be together so she fakes her disappearance? Send her the bill but don't take the kid away.

So, they are drumming up some phoney charge to charge Rachel Koechner with? Not against the law to send a text that says "help me"  or has that been banned also?

This is classic. Much better than the popeyed runaway bride, but not getting the same play.

I think the unnamed boyfriend needs to permanently write this romance off.

Well, if she did, she probably had a good reason!She called hef bf to say 'honey I'm ok, I'm just effing my baby daddy and no I'm not smoking pot'.......If she blows his Richard with a condom is it considered a articial blow? I mean it's fake like the pot but does the same thing,right.

This lady is a nut case and she should not be able to raise her daughter but this is America and she may be able to return to her life with the child and get a welfare check every month. She is nuts. I feel sorry for the boy friend.

"But officer,it's really good fake pot."

More low life, trashy people. Here's hoping the family can get custody of the little girl and keep her away from BOTH her parents!

Charge her up and send her to prison!!!!

The little girl deserves a more stable life than these two biological parents.  Let them love and fight and smoke fake pot, whatever.. just protect the little girl.  She needs stability, love, peace and parents she can count on and look up to.

It's called "Runaway Bride" if she's alone, but since her child was there it's called "staged disappearance" and it's viewed as a crime.

Something really wrong with this emotionally packed drama story!

White people do the dardest things!!!

This is how sh/t gets passed on to kids. Exposure to all sorts of evil criminal behavior.How nice-a white trash version of 'Romeo and Juliet.'

their child should be taken from them immediately.  these two folks are crazy.

Here she was just banging her ex husband...F'n #$%$.

I'll bet the convicted cop in Illinois is sending this article to his lawyers.

TRAILER TRASH.................

Oh the drama of it all throw her butt in jail and his too for wating taxpayers money and wating valuable time! Someone step up for the child's sake both parents have proven themselves UNFIT!!!

FUBAR !

I can score acid quicker than they can score synthetic pot - I'm toking the real stuff now!!!One hitters rule!!These two numbskulls are losers!!

The kid has no chance...

This is wrong in so many ways-someone so irresposible does'nt need to pe parenting a child...A waste of tax payers money and time. Charge them both!!

They should have fled to Washington, they could have smoked the real thing legally. I hope she gets put under the jail for involving her child in this nonsense!! What a loser.

They should take keep the kid and give the mother a fake kid instead. Like a child mannequin with a picture of her real daughter over the face. Put that in your pipe and smoke it!

...and not even smoking 'real' pot...

So she makes her family worry like crazy and already overworked police search for her real classy

Ummm, how about charging them both with child endangerment?  Sitting around smoking fake pot with that little girl there.  Am I missing something or are the authorities in Missouri stupid?

Well that's a first.  NOT!

Some people shouldn't be allowed to mate.

Obviously, these people are not high on the evolutionary pole, nor are they the worst criminals who ever lived.  Must be a slow day at the old news agency.  Daddy is a bully and mom is an airhead.  Both are into recreational goodies.  So keep the child away from both of them and she just might have a chance in life.  Alls well that ends well as old Bill Shakespeare wrote!!

her family doesn't like him his family doesn't like her seems like a westside story reenactment.I think  they are a couple that fights. I say let these two be alone but keep that baby away from that madness and chaos#$%$ she didn't make a false report she never mentioned anything about being abducted her parents thought she was and filed a report she did nothing wrong here except smoke theat trash fake weed

This is a little off topic but what is fake pot?  Pot that you don't get off on?  I met this cab driver over the weekend that told me about how he really gets wired drinking those energy drinks (about five a day) which are really high content caffeine.

How do you know if he wasn't holding her and there daughter against there will and he's making her say this

I guess she will be on Oprah and make a movie. Then she will be the new reality hit

Why is the little girls face so big in the picture???

Crazy? For sure.  However, I think the real story here is that abusive ex husband.  Wife beaters tend to really mess with the minds of their victims.  Her brain could be scrambled eggs at this point.  That sh!tty weed probably isn't helping either.  :P

WHY DID YOU DO IDIOT WHY! Not enough attention at home? Focus on your kids, your mother, your dog but never do anything so dumb as worry people for nothing. She needs a jail time out.

Send her to Trampa, Floriduuuuh.

shes a casey anthony

Why do we let miscreants like this breed, breath, live etc. ? r they part of our genome ?  And why is this news worthy ?the   women  is  a  fake  person   she   can   go  to  prison

romeo and juliet.  the trailer park version.  crank by any other name would still burn your nostrils.

Father for Equal Rights.  The father should get the girl.  Mother does this and no charges.  A father does this he goes straight to jail.  Bias against men way to much.  Speak up men for you rights.  Father for Equal Rights.

throw em all in jjail.

Fake pot is what they found.   Makes ya wonder though, huh?

The mother or the father are not thinking of the child. So i think her parents show have custody and at least she will have a stable up bringing.

well, at least she didn't blame it on some phantom Black man.

Winning!

escaping used to be a private affair. now its headline news. there is this story in MO., there is also a heroine overdose death of a 24 yr old in westchester (near nyc) today and his brother who landed in hospital for overdose. many other headlines i'm sure, but we empower, not smart and innovative people but rather, those who do all they can to get out and away.

k2  isnt something to mess with it can kill youI  would disappear, but my wife would still get my pay check

Yeah but losing the $39.95 prepaid motel room is whats going to make them snap.

Thats just disgusting!Real people are out there missing right now and these cowards faked it?!And smoking that fake pot around your kid? That stuff is just plain bad for you.I would rather have someone smoke real pot around a kid, than that nasty fake stuff.Those chemicals wreak havoc on your body!

I am betting they are welfare recipients which makes the taxpayers liable for their legal expenses.

OMG! Cry wolf too many times lady &amp; see the consequences

So is it now a jailable offense to lie to one's boyfriend about one's whereabouts?

Welcome to Misery er Missouri folks. Surprised it wasn't meth they were smoking as we are the meth capital of the world here. Stories like these are all too common.

Wow! She didn't blame her abduction on black guys.

Well at least they're straight. Everyone knows straight people are automatically perfect people who are great parents.

I can see why her ex divorced her.   I hope she loses custody too and goes to prison.   The problem is, some liberal judge will think the kid is always better off with the woman and she'll get the kid.It sounds like they have the character and judgment to be city council members in San Francisco.

Here's exactly what I've been saying for many years, on these posts! She's GERMANIC/JEW! Most wo=MEN, who fabricate rape, are GERMANIC / JEW! Most wo=MEN, who kill, their grandsons, are GERMANIC, or jew! And most wo=MEN, who kidnap, or kill children, are GERMANIC, or JEW!

How come all the psychos, mass murders, and serial killers are mostly white??  If this was an illegal alien, this would have never happened.  The whities are psychos.

This story doesn't add up. Something is missing. I pray this mother's family who is seeking custody of the child isn't as crazy as the mom and sperm donor of this little girl.