Karzi is going to make us out to be the bad guy so he can smoothe things over with the enemy when we are done.  Hes a punk and he has millions of our dollars in his Swizz account.  #$%$ me off that we are still paying him and #$%$.  Probably will continue to pay them after we leave in 14.  They sure like to give our money away.  So many died for nothing.  This bull about occupying the enemy is a failure.  Lick em good but dont try to fix anything after you knock em down.  If they get stupid again then knock em down again.  Saves lives and money.

Cut our losses and just evacuate the country. It is and was a bad investment like Solyndra except costing billions of dollars more and the cost of American lives already lost! Why stay with a bad investment!

In military speak, “overtures” means pander…. Which means, Gen. Dunford is bending over backwards to appease Karzai, most likely in the form of money, courtesy of the US tax payers!

Please hurry and get out Karzai needs drugs and war lord money.

it is TIME WE LEFT that loudmouthed FOOL fend for itself

Just give them their jail and any other  buildings we have that belong belong to them and BRING OUR TROOPS HOME!!!!!!

We have these #$%$ generals. We should just order Karzai to follow our script, and that is it. If not, there are plenty of Afghan politicians that want his job and we can just deliver him to the Taliban. A better plan is just to leave this terrible place immediately. I cant imagine what General Patton will do to the guy.

Karzai is a total waste of time and money.  Lets get out now since obama has tied the hands of our troops.

Karzai wants the prisoners handed over? Sure thing. Give them their weapons back and let them loose on his front lawn.

Leaving will only cut our cost and keep our troops safer with Karzai in power.  loose term.A list of things that don't infuriate muslims would be a pretty darn small list

Karzai's paycheck comes from US taxpayers....before we leave we need to raze all structures we put up, fill the wells we dug and take all our money with us.  I wonder how long he'll last then?

Talking and soothing a&amp;*hole Karzai is a waste of time!!! Stop trying with this Afghanistan ingrate and remove our troops ASAP!

Karzia wants to take over the prison so he can let all the terrorists go free to please the Taliban !   Get ALL our TROOPS out of that #$%$ hole NOW !!!

We beg and bribe to stay but the Afgans will kick us to the curb just like the Iraqis

Karzi knows the only thing preventing his governments collapse is the US military.   This whole region will be poor from thier own stupidity and will always blame the US.  Trying to help someone who doesn't want to change is a losing strategy. just let them fall.

U.S. General: "In accordance with international conventions"  So when the U.S. invades this, that, and every country it wants, those invasions have been "with international conventions?"

Well, Dunford can give it up far as I'm concerned! The only thing that Karsai and I need to hear from Dunford, is that ALL American troops are starting to leave Afghanistan tomorrow and will be home for the 4th of July!

If we ain't there to kill them bring the troops home

i'd make him a overtureWhy are Americans not up in Arms over this insanity. Send out troops for tour, after tour, after tour, for No reason..It is criminal....

My country is the "Super Power of Stupid."

Makes overtures, just tell Karzi to shut the hell up or he may find himself at the end of a coup attempt.

Halliburton/Blackwater funded Taliban in Afghanistan. FOLLOW the STOLEN  Billions!

General give the order to pull our US Marines out of there as there is nothing there worth one more Marines life. It must be hell to have to work for a commander in chief like we have now.

Karzai will be out of office after the next election. He can't run again. He knows he has to make the U.S. look like the bad guys to the Taliban. Too bad it won't work. As soon as we leave, he's dead meat. How long does our Government think the Afghan military and police will stay with the Afghan Government after we leave?  They can make thousands a month killing, robbing and selling opium. They make $30.00 a month working for the Government. Nothing will change. The taliban will take control of the country. The SAME ones we train and arm will be back in charge again, with the taliban. Not one American life or one American dollar is worth the whole country.

We need to just leave that #$%$ hole. It has no strategic advantages at all

Just tell the rag headed sand flea to go to he!!

We should cease all support for this lunatic. Let the Taliban have at him.

Serve Karzi with a big steaming cup of Shut The Fv&lt;k Up !The Truth is that America , Nato and their puppet Hamid karzai's Hypocrite Afghan forces have been totally and completely defeated very badly in Afghanistan by the Afghan Taliban Mujahedin. That is why this drama is being played to divert the attentions of mujahedin. The opponents of Karzai like Dostum etc are also playing a drama just to divert Taliban Mujahedin. But this drama will flop completely and very soon America and its allies will leave Afghanistan just like Russia being defeated and Taliban will rule once again with Islamic Sharia implemented and imposed once again. IN SHAA ALLAH

And WE'RE accusing HIM of lying ?

Pease get allof the US forces out of that Muslim infested hell hole and eliminate Karazi on the way out!

Karzai needs to die.

American taxpayers must take US generals and soldiers responsible for failing to even gain the support of their top ally, Karzai while wasting billions.  When millions of Americans lost homes and jobs, US military wasted billions while failing to win heart and mind of a single person.

Any power that has tried to dictate to Afghans have been doomed there.  When you're there, be careful not to sound arrogant and dictate.Otherwise you will retreat with your heads down and your costs high!

Karzai need to be removed from his post.  Simple as that.  He is not our ally.  We need to cut the aids and bring our troops home.  End of story

Karzai "the mayor of Kabul".

We've infuriated Karzai? Who cares. He should be tried on corruption charges and hung.

So Karazai's saying pull out your troops but keep sending us money? Does everyone forget that they helped attack us on 9/11? Why the hell have we been wasting lives, time and money on these #$%$? We should of just bombed the pig doo out of them and left!Karzai knows what some of Us do, that the same Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists who they said did 9/11, are both the terrorist tool and Goldstein of corporate Big brother

From what I understand, this summer...  Karzai is out of office anyway!  The Afghan elections will be this summer, so once Mr K is out of office; problems will be solved.  Just my opinion.  Mr K, gives all Pathans a bad name!  He thinks he's Allah, and one day... IMO: Mr K will be living in another country in exile~~~~~~~~~