The State of Israel must be moving to Utah, because thats the ONLY way there will be a genuine lasting peace with the Palestinians. Then you'll have to worry about a genuine lasting peace in Utah.

"With a Palestinian partner that is willing to hold negotiations in good will, Israel will be ready for a historic compromise that will end the conflict with the Palestinians once and for all," he said.The key here is what Nuts and Yahoo defines as "good will".

Good Luck with that Bibi it won't happen.

Then PROVE you want peace. We need to run from the Middle East. That place is a money pit and a sandbox of drama. Not a penny or weapon to ANY Nation from Libya to Pakistan, including Israel, until you learn to act like adults and play nice.

Peace? There? Fat chance.

after doubling the Israeli budget for settlements, I THINK NOT.Yuval Steinitz, who was replaced as finance minister last Friday, said in November that the government had quietly doubled the portion of the national budget dedicated to West Bank settlements.

The country was named Palestine and was recognized by U.K. and later after WWII the country is named Isreal? Now after 60 years of death and land grabing Isreali they want peace? The talk about job security for the Western politicians and Isreal worried about futher esculation in the Middle East... Just another Chess move..

Question:So How is the 60 Years Old Israeli Peace Process Working Out ?

God is not A real estate broker.

This peace thing has been going on decades but Israel keeps on taking more land. That to me is not peace at all.No they meant pieces.  of Gaza and the West Bank and the Golan Heights

He wants peace while stealing thousands of ancestral homes, and expects anyone to believe that will happen?  His mouth can't cash a check which his actions keep bouncing.  The world is well past that charade, but we will continue giving him billions in aid each year.

yes they want peace after they finish steeling the land from the Palestinians...The Apartheid in Israel is worse than it was in South Africa...

Mr. Netanyahu's words ring hallow next to Israeli ethnic cleansing through settlements and vicious religious apartheid inflicted on Christians and Muslims of the West Bank and Gaza.  Better treatment of the 3 million Christians and Muslims suffering under occupation, and freeing another 3 million refugees to exercise their UN-sanctioned right of return will signal a real intention for peace.  Until then, his words are meaningless.

Israel has received OVER 105 billion in aid from America, Israel is the ONLY developed country to get aid.Why does Israel STILL get this aid?

Israel wants peace ? After Israel announced more illegal settlement building. Wow, how hypocritical !

Count your fingers if you shake with Netanyahu.

And what would YOU do if someone stole your home and land?

Netanyouhoo is a lying POS.  A hard right winger if there ever was one.  This type will drag America into yet another war.  US needs to disengage NOW.  Face it, this "peace process" is a 40 year old (so far) game of kick the can down the road.

This propaganda is not even thinly veiled total garbage.Peace?  And thereby deny Israel the gravy train of US military and financial aid?As probable a kosher pork chops!

LOL while this Zionist regime clamors for war daily, and warmongers against Iran every day.  For the US to attack Iran of course, the US will have to be used for any such war.

LOL,Pathetic Liar,yes that is what you are,NutnYahoooo.

"Israel's Netanyahu says new government wants peace" Right!! That's what he says, today. Wait a week and it will change. Israelis and Palestinians do not know what a lasting peace is. They've never experienced one and, no doubt, never will, let alone one "that will end the conflict ..... once and for all,"

Is Israel going to stop building illegal settlements?"Israel's Netanyahu says new government wants peace"

Netenyahu say's, "America, stand up." Netenyahu say's, "America, sit down."Netenyahu says, "America, open your wallets." Put them back in your pocket...Ah, caught you!

Children of Israel are prohibited to have a state of their own. The origin of this prohibition goes back to the time of Moses and was imposed by the lord of Moses. The children of Israel of that era caused countless disobedient and disbelieves and brought upon themselves this wrath.  This is exactly what the Jewish Rabbis say. Their history is full of shameful events. The Holocaust is not a myth. It is reality that the Jews brought upon themselves. Much worst is ahead of them if they do not stop their disbelieves and continue their arrogant behavior as before.The only solution to peace on Earth is for Israel to go back to the border before 1948.  This responsibility is now on America to enforce. America will be rewarded by the Lord of Moses for making this appropriate border adjustment. America can also be punished severely by the same power if they keep supporting this cruel and oppressing nation.The matter of fact is that the Jews can live in 100% security, happiness and prosperity in this world under the Islamic flag. If they also wish to have prosperity in the hereafter, then they must beg for forgiveness of Allah for the heinous crime that their ancestors committed by crucifying Jesus; they must acknowledge the prophet hood of Jesus and Muhammad and follow the message that was revealed to them.  They will find Allah, the Lord of Moses, Jesus and Muhammad, the most Merciful, the most Forgiving and the most Compassionate. By Allah, this is the best advice for the Jews and for America.The worst enemies of the Jews are the Jews

Obama should stay home.... there's nothing in Israel for him...

We will never stop hearing these lies.

Israel is the only country without a defined border.  Look at any map and the eastern border is an hyphenated line that changes every week.  You would think they would draw a line in the sand and say "this is Israel".   But they won't because it is a work in progress.There can be absolutely no doubt that Israel has created an inhuman, illegal and utterly disgraceful Apartheid state, and the international community will never be able to excuse itself if it takes no action against this blatant, ongoing and in-plain-sight crime against humanity.

I know when peace will come - When Hell freezes over!

Watch out for a false flag staged attack to be used as the pretext for the US to attack Iran.  Any time this Zionist regime starts talking about peace, look for war.  What an absolute joke.

Sure. I believe Bibi and Likud want peace.2 pieces of land for the Ashkenazi Jews1 piece of land for the Sephardic Jews1 piece of land for the American Jews1 piece of land for all the rest of the Jews including the new tribe found in South Dakota.

Israel's concept of "peace" is every Palestinian dead.

This means your taxes are going up up and up daily weekly monthly ... make a note AMERICAN TAX PAYERS and see who is really running your economy...

FYI - GOD Is NOT in Real Estate Business and Doesn't Give or Take Lands from Humans.

Sam is awesome!  She said she is going to donkey punch "N" after "N" said she never loses a fight...  I fell of the stool!

America in dire economic shape and the apartheid regime wants more!

Just arrest Netanyahu and throw him in jail.What Jewish Trick you are going to pull Netanyahoo...your action speaks louder...Did you stop the illegal West Bank settlements.....Are you going to draw yet another Cartoon Drawing with your new Peace plan ?

"The administration has already used its discretion to minimize the cuts to Israel forced by sequestration to $155 million, nearly $100 less than the initial estimated cut. But even this reduced cut has alarmed pro-Israel supporters... thousands of AIPAC delegates made their way to Capitol Hill for lobbying meetings with their Senate and House representatives urging lawmakers to repeal the cut...Forward, Nathan Guttman – In an effort to save aid to Israel from mandatory, across-the-board cuts now being imposed on all discretionary federal programs, pro-Israel activists are opening the door on a dramatic course of action they have rejected repeatedly in the past.Members of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, the largest pro-Israel lobby, are refusing to foreclose any option — including special legislation for Israel, if necessary — to keep aid to the country from being cut.

Never trust the Likud. We need a return to power of Labor for genuine peace in the area. Netanyahu will never bring it about except on his terms.

The Government of Israel want piece not peace.  To make more room for Jewish settlements.

Take your pill Noddingyahoo, you will come to after you poison some wells, destroy some olive trees, and shoot some kids hurling mud balls.  It always makes you feel better.  I'll wager the Palestinians have more Jewish DNA than most Israeli's

"With a Palestinian partner that is willing to hold negotiations in good will, Israel will be ready for a historic compromise that will end the conflict with the Palestinians once and for all," he said.This is just one of the many tricks that the Zionists use to make it appear that they are the good guys.  The fact is there can be no partner to negotiation because of the unequal bargaining positions.  Israel has all the power, the Palestinians no power at all.  How can they bargain?  Israel makes the conditions for discussions, and if the Palestinians do not like those conditions, then the Palestinians are the ones who are not being a "partner".   All the while Israel continues to steal Palestinian land and give it to European settlers; hardly evidence of a good faith desire for an end to conflict.The truth is that Israel has never been ready to make peace with the Palestinians.  It has always been the Zionist dream to cleanse all of the Palestinians from Eretz Israel.  Every so called peace initiative by Israel is merely a stall tactic, while the ethnic cleansing goes on and on.

All that's needed for peace is for Israel to stop expanding its boarders and free the people of Gaza. Give back what doesn't belong to you. It's the only way.

There is a one solution for peace. Tough one,but if the two partyies agree to statehood,then you got a chance. The PM. of Israel would not go for that. The "bully".

"New Israel housing minister pledges more settlement building " hows that for peace?

Humanity have a responsibility to the people of Palestine.with this guy (Netanyahu ) I'd watch for the knife in the back ....... like Tony said "makes for good political theater."

" his new government"So his old government was not.  So I suppose is not his fault but the rest of the guys.Politicians are the same #$%$ regardless of gender, religion, color, country, etc.

The worst thing that happened to Israel is Netanyahu and Leiberman, those two crazy war mongers are what is stopping peace with the Palestinians. History will judge harshly.

test freedom of speech with research about Hol‍oca‍ust .a big lie protecting by  zion government.

He said that 4 years ago - made a big point of it - then proceeded to do everything concievable to undermine any chances for it.  This man is an underhanded, sneaky, conniving, and manipulative LIAR!

We give money, weapons and use veto card to blindly shield Israel, and what they do? They spy on us and sell our technology to China and Russia.Stop all aid to Israel.

O’ Childern of Israel come to salvation. Acknowledge the prophet hood of Jesus and Muhammad. Stop and repent your past and present evil. Follow the teaching of Jesus and Muhammad if you wish security. No Bombs can provide you protection. Security and protection only comes by the will of the Lord of of the Universe. Koran is full of advice to the children of Israel and shows them how to achieve asylum. It shades lights on their dark pass and guides them to the safety and prosperity.What Moses had to say, “ThereforeI say unto you (Jews) the kingdomof God shall be takenaway from you (Jews), and shall be given to a nation bringing forth the fruits thereof?Matthew 21:43 Moses truly said unto the fathers, A prophet shall the Lord yourGod raise up unto you of your brethren, like unto me him shall ye hear allthings what so ever he shall say unto you.” Acts 3:22The worst enemies of the Jews are the Jews.

"The USA should send more money and support to help Israel in its struggle for survival."LOL, we need to cut you off completely period end of discussion

utube Israel - Occult Zionism - Hell on Earth - Documentary - WW3 - NWO

I think this is a set up. He's going to say "seeeeee I tried but they still don't want peace". Maybe Israel should give back the land they "captured" (took) in 1967, that would be an excellent start.I have serious doubt, Netanyahu's sincerity for real peace. To make the statement that "Israel has proven time and again it is ready for concessions in exchange for real peace, and the situation today is no different." Is as big a myth today as it was in past decades. Never has Zionism ever intended to have real peace. However many members of the Israeli Parliament oppose Netanyahu's intention toward Iran and its neighbors and understand the world has becoming impatient with Netanyahu's Zionist saber rattling and oppression of Palestinian's.One strategy of defense that the Israeli's have used better than any power is, the best way to control an enemy is to keep him weak through the creation of internal conflict and have your enemies fight each other. This internal conflict, now known as the Arab Spring has spread throughout Israel's neighbors and now consequently has lit the fuse in Gaza. For Netanyahu to continue his ways would would be foolish. The key player in this is Iran. Some under estimate the power and affect Iran may play in the stability of the Mideast. These UN sanctions on Iran are little about Nukes, its about suppressing a country who has the potential to being the strongest economic power in the region. If Netanyahu is smart (which I doubt) he will find a path for peace. The other side of the coin is, it would be imperative to have the support of the US. The problem for Israel is Obama is well aware of how the chess game is played and will insist the path be for peace.

The book of Matthew is coming into fruition everyday in the Obama years. Scary.

Netanyahu described what he thought a two-state solution  (a Palestinian state) would be, he called it 'chicken pieces' - that's his own description. He said that his own approach to the Oslo Accords, and it's on record, that his approach to the Oslo Accords was to destroy as much as possible so that Palestine couldn't get a state. Netanyahu's Likud Party has said that there will never be a Palestinian state in their charter. So all of these points are that Israel does not want a Palestinian state and all of the actions they've taken by populating Palestine and any kind of future Palestinian state, which remember is 20 percent of historical Palestine, have obviously destroyed the hope of that. A South African journalist who recently went to Palestine said that the two-state solution looks to her like apartheid South Africa.

Yup, BiBi wants peace, as soon as he gets those bulldozers finished up on that pali land and all those "settlers"(invaders) moved in prim and propper. A "peace" of the action more like it. Not supporting Apartheid is not anti semetic!.

Israel can not be considered a fully democratic and a civil society as long as it treats its Arab population as second class citizens.  It is good to hear Netanyahu finally wants peace. Hope peace prevails to the satisfaction of all the parties

Netanyahu says there must be no preconditions other than Israel expanding into the West Bank against the Geneva Convention Article 49.

Peace is going to have to involve some abandonment of the notion that they are fulfilling divine prophecy and accepting the fact that they are a nation like any other that has to manage to get along with its neighbors, even if those neighbors can be pretty offensive at times.

There is no money to be made from peace. If  there were no threats, real or manufactured, then how could Israel keep sucking the American taxpayer for billions annually?There is money in war, chaos, fear mongering and instability.Talk is cheap Netanyahu. We know your history of rhetoric that to you "peace means more war".“The state of Israel must invent dangers, and to do this it must adopt the methods of provocation andrevenge…. And above all, let us hope for a new war with the Arab countries so that we may finally get rid of our troubles and acquire our space.” — From the diary of Moshe Sharett, Israeli’s first Foreign Minister from 1948-1956, and Prime Minister from 1954-1956

Stop land theft and settlements building and peace will come.

Nuttuyahoo is a BIG FAT LIAR...he's only stalling and pretending because Obama is visting Palestine...He's Full of #$%$...if him and hie Zionist regime really want Peace, then they would stop the killing of palestinians, release lttle children and innocent men from their prisons, give back the stolen land and get the Hell out of Palestine and the Misddle East --where they are not wanted or welcomed !!israel is our "friend" just ask the survivors of the Attack on the USS Liberty

"Israel's Netanyahu says new government wants peace"... contrary to his own plans for the region...

Frankly Lieberman  the palestine people are more "semite" than you Ashkenazi's from Russia .. Your leader chose the faith for political reasons. Just as today. You gangsters with the stolen flag are the opposite . A serious threat to judaism really. Oh well.

Israel and Palestinians should negotiate for peace with a vodka as Putin suggested. Then there will be a chance for peace, Right now they are negotiating on the one side with Tora and on the another wit Quran. With these there is no chance for peace.

Did Netanyahu manage to say it with a straight face?

Presidential visits and verbage are of no concern to Netanyahu, so long as our billions keep coming to him every year.  Presidents may talk, but money buys bulldozers and weapons.

Abbas is no longer the president. His term is expired.Jews have nobody to negotiate with.

He knows this can never be achieved, but it makes for good political theater.

Get out of Palestine and stop terrorizing its citizens on their own sovereign territory.

I wouldn't trust Netanyahu any farther than I could kick him. Israel wants moreand more Palistinien land. Find out who is making big bucks on these settlements.I'll believe the talk about peace when I see it... not in my lifetime...

There will be no peace in the Middle East. To much hate.

netanyahoo is a LIAR.

Say, isn't that the copyrighted image that got the creator of the "Hope" poster into so much trouble?

Read the other yahoo news article "Backers of settlers stake a calim in BiBi's new government" So it just started again and it already a lie!!!!!!!!!!!

Courtier...the 3Abrahamic religions are NOT similuar...better do research before your put something out there

where will you run to next?

Netanyahu is angling for more US money.

America doesnt need israel, israel desperately needs America

If there is ever peace in the Middle East it will be short lived.Israel has the power, money and resources to make peace, but it doesn't want to. Israel is to blame.

Israel your dealing with dishonest men that have no moral compass.Unfortunately one of them is President Obama.Be careful trusting this rascal !!

The Palestinians allies...Jordan, Egypt, Lebanon, Syria have ALL kicked them (Palestinians) out....WHY?   So their enemy should embrace them? Israel supports Gaza financially, and provides all services....Hamas repays with rockets....so Israel should give more?

Theres another article right now on Yahoo about some Islamic folks in Egypt hanging some guys in their own form of justice. Theyll be no peace with Muslims......

Ashkenazi gangsters from europe and Bolshevik fascist Russia . Terrorist with a stolen flag.  Without land theft , and ignorant jews and christians in USA the Netanyahu fake Israel terrorist with the stolen flag and name gov. will fail and collaspe.

Khazar Jews will never be free people because their murder, torture, and land theft will follow them wherever they go.  They are victims of their own crimes locked into a forever jail of their own making.  No wonder they always say they are victims and we are "anti-Judaist"; the fact is they are victims of their own doing and we hate them because they are murderers and thieves.

Peace is good.  A congress that will put America first and back peace above the powerful Israeli lobby is necessary for peace.  We can sign a petition for term limits on congress at term limits org.  If we can elect a government that will work for us peace is posable.

Netanyahu is negotiated for peace with Palestinian if United States is willing to offer billion dollars aid to Israel.

الحلم العربى الى الضمير العربى

the israelis have been offering peace for decades.  the pals don't want it. check out their charter.Article 7: (what islam and the palistinian constitution really thinks about infidels &amp; jews)•	"Hamas has been looking forward to implementing Allah's promise, whatever time it might take. The prophet [Muhammad] said: 'The time (of Resurrection) will not come until Muslims will fight the Jews; until the Jews hide behind rocks and trees, which will cry: 0 Muslim! there is a Jew hiding behind me, come and kill him!'" Sahih Muslim, Book 41, Number 6985]•	“Regarding the Jews, our business with them is only through bombs and guns… the prophet [Muhammad] promised that we will fight you, with Allah’s help, until the tree and stone say: “Oh Muslim, servant of Allah, there is a Jew behind me, come and kill him.”  -Nizar Rayan, Hamas religious and military leader, Al-Aqsa TV (Hamas), Jan. 1, 2009.•	"Believers, take neither Jews nor Christians for your friends." (Surah 5:51)•	"Make war on them until idolatry shall cease and Allah’s religion [Islam] shall reign supreme." (Surah 8:36)•	"...make war on the leaders of unbelief...Make war on them: Allah will chastise them at your hands and humble them. He will grant you victory over them..." (Surah 9:12)Isael is wrong for building in what might be part of Palestine one day, unless they have no interest in giving that up whasoever, in which case there will never be peace.  As for Jerusalem, or specifically, that temple - internationalize it.

Hope from Obama? They are not paying attention.

Israel's) "Likud (party)... to advance law of "Jewish state" - The law will state that the Jewish character of the state overpowers democratic values. The new Basic law makes Israel's democratic principles subservient to the country's Jewish character." From Haaretz (Israeli newspaper) Shocker huh?

We've heard this song played over and over for too many years. But, until Israel stops building settlements in the West Bank and the militant Palestinians stop their missile attacks there will never be any peace.

I guess theres Obama-Bots everywhere..

when will israel abide to the hundreds of UN resolutions against it?

When once considers the PLETHORA of psychological/mental problems that plague the Jewish community, what must be factored into this is the likelihood that it is the direct result of indoctrination that runs rampant and is not handled in a judicious manner.And let us not make the mistake of thinking this is just a ‘recent’ thing, as more than likely this Jewish supremacist ideology was more likely than not the source of Jesus saying amidst the Jews of His time that “anyone who would harm one of these little ones should have a millstone tied around his neck and be thrown into the sea.”

America CUT OFF All aid to the Apartheid zio land grab regime NOW

Yeah?  Good luck with that.  Where is the U.N. in all of this?  It arguably owns this mess.

Netanyahu is a liar.  The only "peace" he wants is the total surrender and evacuation from the West Bank of all Palestinians.Just don't be fooled into selling your souls Israel for only you can know the diference and the right path at the right time.  Anyone can be sold on a bill of goods from a fast talker.

Where was Israel before 1948???

Lest we forget, the Khazar Judaists slaughtered 40 million Christians in Russia and Eastern Europe, 7 million Africans, and untold numbers of Indians in South America. The Khazar Jewish "God" has also given them permission to slaughter the Muslims in the Middle East.  Now they want to attack Iran.

There will never be peace over there until  we see the end of our world as we see it today.

For the FIRST time as long as I can remember we have ONE AMERICAN President that do not give in much to AIPAC or ISRAEL.

they're gonna have to freeze settlements if they want peace

"When you see the abomination of dosolation standing in the holy place, let he who understand, run for the hills. He who is on the roof must not go down in the house to get their property, he who is in the field must not return to get their coat. For as lightning comes from the East and "Flashes" in the West so will come the son of man, the true messiah... Jesus Christ." Matthew 24:12-13.

A.I.P.A.C.: American Israel Public Affairs CommitteeAccording to the New York Times, April 26, 1998, article, “For 47 Years, a Lobby Group with Muscle Has Tirelessly Tended U.S.-Israel Ties.”“Of all the Jewish organizations devoted to channeling that popular opinion into American policy, there is none as influential as the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, known as AIPAC.”AIPAC’s main influence and domination is in Congress although it certainly impacts all levels of the U.S. Government. Its main concern is U.S. foreign policy vis à vis Israel, the Middle East, and the Muslim world in general. It has succeeded for decades in preventing the development of any good relations between the Arab, Muslim world and the U.S. It focuses primarily on diplomatic, military, and financial aid to Israel as well as “Forcing” the adoption of Israel’s Policies as America’s Policies so that what’s good for Israel is automatically good for America and vice versa.

Jesus saves, Moses invests.  Thats how our billions in aid turn into real estate for Netanyahu.

So --whats to negotiate --stop firing rockets and kick out the Iranian Dogs that lead you around by the nose and we'll talkContrary to the disinformation spewed by israel's internet PR team..ALL of the Arab parties have agreed to recognize israel and have offered peace in exchange for israel returning the land it stole..and dismantling the ILLEGALLY occupied territories. Arafat..the PLO..the Arab League...even Hamas have all made this offer. israel has refused it....

Palestinians to Israel: stop building on our land and we'll sit down and talk. What's the problem with that?

I hear of wars...no surprise... I hear of knowledge...no surprise... I hear of earthquakes...no surprise... I hear of famines...no surprise... I hear of lawlessness...no surprise... I hear of the gay agenda...no surprise...I hear of peace in Jerusalem... I listen for the trumpet...

Pal is the one cloneing me.  POB and Samatha have retired for an email conference.  Samantha probably wants to tell POB to change her avatar.

"with goodwill from the Palestinians"...? He ain't asking much, is he?

War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.

Quote: "The facts on the ground, when not obscured by one or another Zionist rationalization, show that the Zionists are the worst anti-Semites in the world today, oppressing a Semitic people as no nation has done since the N*a*z*i*s.” — Jewish NYU professor Bertell Olman.

Can I please stomp on that.....PLEASE!!!! How ridiculous, why do these people think is Mr. Wonderful, he is the worst President so far in our history!!!!- 23 million unemployed or underemployed- 6 trillion added to the national debt- 15 million more people on food stamps- 43 months above 8% unemployment (a number we were told we would never hit)- Middle class incomes dropped by $4,000/year under his administration- Benghazi cover-up. They claimed for almost 2 weeks it was a spontaneous act from a movie- Our tax dollars to Democrat-donor affiliates like Solyndra (535 million, then went bankrupt)- Lied about “Shovel-ready” jobs for Stimulus. Obama ended up joking about the term- Lied by saying “Lobbyists will not work in my White House”- Lied by saying "I'll resign if I don't cut the deficit in half by the end of four years." Instead four (about to be five) consecutive annual deficits of over a million dollars- Lied by saying "I'll unite the people of this great country." Instead he’s created divisiveness with terms like “The enemy”, propaganda of a "War on Women", class warfare, and an intruded on religious freedom (birth control mandate). He also stood behind VP Biden's "Put y'all back in chains" remark- Claimed he’d propose immigration reform in his first year in office but did not- Lied about “the American people will have five days to review” bills before becoming law- Lied about “If you are a family making less than $250,000 a year, you will not see your taxes go up.” Taxes with the Affordable Care Act affect those making less than 250K/year- Claimed to have the healthcare law debated on C-SPAN. It was crafted solely by Democrats- The Affordable Care Act cost almost double (1.76 trillion per the CBO) what we were told, premiums have gone up by $2,500 (Obama said they would drop), and we were told we could keep our doctors (also not true since some have said they will opt out). The law also raises the deficit (instead of lowering it as we were told).- Sued Arizona for enforcing a federal immigration law (to protect citizens) and allowed Mexican Pres Calderon scolded the state in a press conference on the White House lawn.- Gas prices are up over 60%, Energy Secretary Chu actually said they want to "boost the price of gasoline to levels in Europe”. Obama refused to approve the Keystone pipeline- Poor judgment: Obama’s tax-evading cabinet nominees include Tom Daschle, Nancy Killefer, Hilda Solis Kathleen Sebelius, Ron Kirk, and Tim Geithner (who oversees the IRS). In addition, he nominated Justice Sotomayer who had over 60% of her decisions overturned at the Supreme Court and Justice Kagan who had never previously been a judge at any level. His incompetent Attorney General, Eric Holder, dropped a voter intimidation conviction against the NBPP and then did nothing when the same group offered a bounty (a felony) for George Zimmerman. Mr. Holder lied during the Fast and Furious congressional hearing before Obama invoked Executive Privilege to bury the factsReal leaders don't dictate. They don't divide. They don't instill fear. They don't defecate on the country and fondle its enemies. They don't pimp children. And they certainly don't watch our men get blown away, blame it on a video and slither off to Vegas.

Everything out of Netanyahus mouth is a lie. Wake up. If this filthy excuse for a human being really wanted peace with the Palestinians, settlement building would come to a screeching halt. That is the first step towards any real effort at peace.

Nice joke.Same old, same old.....sure they want peace,....but of course on their outrageous terms.

That's the thing! Muslims are a hateful people.....and especially when it comes to Jewish people, that's no secret.

Yes by all means, peace while building settlements and grabbing more land.

Israel wants peace and the palestinians are true to islam and want the murder of all Jews and Christians in Israel or in the world.  What else is new?

Israel is hated by almost every country on earth. There's a reason and when the Jewish people accept this fact, they will change.

They should have made the image out of C*R*A*P more fitting.

No, the 3 "Abrahamic" religions are not alike at all. Islam and Judaism are pretty close in their doctrines and beliefs, but Christianity is the total opposite of Judaism in ALL its doctrines and foundational beliefs. Islam took from both, but is still much closer to the beliefs of Judaism than Christianity.

All travels start with the first step.

Historically the spoils of war go to the winner. However, if  Israel and the Palestinians want peace then both sides have to give something. Israel needs to give back the territory captured in the 1967 was and Palestine needs to recognize Israel's right to exist.

When have I heard this before?  Oh, many, many, many times over the decades.  There will never be peace. Waste of time, we need to stay out of it and let them handle their own issues.For all of you left wing loons complaining about our only ally in the ME; seems I remember that we fought and took the native American's land then put them on reservations; Israel was attacked by most of the ME countries, defeated them and kept what they won.  By the way; exactly what do you think the Arabs would have done to the Israelis if they had won, u m b cils.

Don't see much hope, but maybe there will be a break thru. One thing is for sure, if people arent' talking, nothing at all will change.

Yes, Israel wants peace if they get exactly what they want, when they want it, with no compromises, and someone else has to foot the bill for their end ( the USA). Who does not want peace under those terms?

peace sure, justice never

The Palestinians wont go because they would have to stop hating the Israelis. Something they really not ready to do, yet.

Tigress  •  1 day 21 hrs ago Report AbuseThe question about Holocaust is that, israel now has a population of 7000000 Jews. It took them 64 years to gather this population of Jews from all over the world to live there and by giving them money, home, job and many bribes. How could Hitler 60 years ago gather 6000000 Jews together and kill them?

obama must be going to Israel to check and see if sheckel_trader clean up all of his outhouses lol

There will never be peace in the middle east, and you know what?  I don't care.  Let it burn.

Ishy I take your ad hominen whine against me with a pinch of salt. Whoever you anti social reporbate zios try intimidate or whine about means that we are winning.

Netahyahu HAS been branded a LIAR by some of the worlds' leaders and i believe he's lying here ALSO.barack hussein obama = National JOKE &amp; International EMBARRASSMENT

There will be peace and then the explosion.

why call them palestinians?? they are jordanians who live on the west bank!!!the whole thing is one big royal hoax

WOW! if this happens it fills another Bible prophcey.  Armigedden close at hand.  Peace and safety only half way through the peace agreement then all hell breaks loose.

only idiots believe you, Nat

Netanyahu just got an abject lesson in the consequence of ruling through fear mongering.  He played the enabler to the far right fundamentalists who want Isreal to reach all the way to the Jordan River and all Palesintians wiped off the face of the earth like the Canaanites.  He beat the drum of impending doom for years, turning Israelis into hate-filled thugs who wander the streets beating up on Arabs, letting them get away with attacks on Palestinians and their mosques, extracting ten eyes for every eye.  Then, when he needed to put together a government, he was blocked by the far right, not by the moderates and liberals.There is only one thing we must remember when dealing with Israel -- every Islamist terror organization uses the "plight of the Palestinians" as their primary recruiting cause -- every single one.  Bin Laden didn't preach against America's lifestyles, but against our support of Israel's treatment of the Palestinians.  Now, more than ever, as the Palestinian refugees in Syria are coming under attack, we need to remember exactly who is the flashpoint in that region.

This statement for "peace" seems rather duplicitous in that bibi's new coaltion includes an aggressive ex right wing general as defense chief and a housing minister that promises expanded Israeli settlements in Palestinian territory. Say one thing and do another.

If Bibi said the situation hasn't changed, there will be no one to accept that extended hand. Since he did not mention the stopping of expansion into occupied land in the West Bank and East Jerusalem, no way the Palestinians will come to the negotiations table. Can't think of any other concessions Israel can offer.

George Washington Warned us Against Foreign Influence (Farewell Address 1796):“So likewise, a passionate attachment of one nation for another produces a variety of evils. Sympathy for the favorite nation, facilitating the illusion of an imaginary common interest in cases where no real common interest exists, and infusing into one the enmities of the other, betrays the former into a participation in the quarrels and wars of the latter without adequate inducement or justification. It leads also to concessions to the favorite nation of privileges denied to others which is apt doubly to injure the nation making the concessions; by unnecessarily parting with what ought to have been retained, and by exciting jealousy, ill-will, and a disposition to retaliate, in the parties from whom equal privileges are withheld.And it gives to ambitious, corrupted, or deluded citizens (who devote themselves to the favorite nation), facility to betray or sacrifice the interests of their own country, without odium, sometimes even with popularity; gilding, with the appearances of a virtuous sense of obligation, a commendable deference for public opinion, or a laudable zeal for public good, the base or foolish compliance of ambition, corruption, or infatuation.Against the insidious wiles of foreign influence (I conjure you to believe me, fellow-citizens) the jealousy of a free people ought to be constantly awake, since history and experience prove that foreign influence is one of the most baneful foes of republican government. But that jealousy to be useful must be impartial; else it becomes the instrument of the very influence to be avoided, instead of a defense against it. Excessive partiality for one foreign nation and excessive dislike of another cause those whom they actuate to see danger only on one side, and serve to veil and even second the arts of influence on the other.Real patriots who may resist the intrigues of the favorite are liable to become suspected and odious, while its tools and dupes usurp the applause and confidence of the people, to surrender their interests. ”

Why sanctions on Palestinians and Iran and NOT Israel? A wake-up call for Americans...*IRAN SANCTIONS ACT of 1996 Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish)*H.R. 938, The United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act: Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish)*S.Res. 185, Sponsor: Sen. Ben Cardin (Jewish) states that if the Palestinian Authority goes ahead with its plan to seek unilateral recognition as a state, the US would suspend its financial aid.*H.Res. 268, Sponsor: House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (Jewish) The resolution called upon the administration to announce that it would “veto any resolution on Palestinian statehood that comes before the United Nations Security Council.*H.Res. 4133, Sponsor: Eric Cantor (Jewish) United States-Israel Enhanced Security Cooperation Act of 2012*H.RES.568, Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish) preventing the Government of Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability.*H.R. 2194, Sponsor: Howard Berman (Jewish) Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010*H.R. 1905, Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish) Howard Berman (Jewish) will place virtually all of Iran’s energy, financial, and transportation sectors under U.S. sanction. Companies conducting business with Iran in these sectors face losing access to U.S. markets; impose sanctions designed to prevent Iran from repatriating any proceeds from its oil sales, thus depriving Iran of 80 percent of its hard currency earnings and half of the funds to support its national budget; impose tough new sanctions on the National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC), the National Iranian Tanker Company (NITC) and Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC); target Iran’s use of barter transactions to bypass sanctions, the provision of insurance to Iran’s energy sector, and the provision of specialized financial messaging services to the Central Bank of Iran.*James N. Miller(Jewish) Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Policy*Mara Rudman (Jewish) Foreign Policy Advisor*Eric Lynn (Jewish) Middle East Policy Advisor*Lee Feinstein (Jewish) Foreign Policy Advisor*Diane Feinstein (Jewish) Chairwoman Senate Select Committee on Intelligence*Michael Chertoff (Jewish) former Homeland Security chief*Daniel Benjamin (Jewish) head of the State Department’s Bureau of Counter-Terrorism*Stuart Levey (Jewish) Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence*David Cohen (Jewish) Secretary of the Treasury for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence*Steve Simon (Jewish) National Security Council Middle East Desk*Dan Shapiro (Jewish) former Head of Middle East Desk at the National Security Council now ambassador to Israel*Dennis Ross (Jewish) Special Advisor for the Gulf (Iran) and Southwest Asia to the Secretary of State*Robert Einhorn (Jewish) Special Advisor for Non-Proliferation and Arms Control*Colin Kahl(Jewish) Former Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for the Middle East (Current National Security Advisor)Jews don't want peace in any form.  It would interrupt their suffering.

Peace? Fat chance...They want Ice Tea in hell too...

What a LIE

Deal with a Kenyan you'll be screwed.. Watch out he'll want your guns too.

anyone who believes Nutandyahoo is a fool. Is the king slime ball of all the slime ball politicians.

Jeremiah 30:3For behold, the days are coming,’ says the Lord, ‘that I will bring back from captivity My people Israel and Judah,’ says the Lord. ‘And I will cause them to return to the land that I gave to their fathers, and they shall possess it. ’”Amos 9:15I will plant them in their land,And no longer shall they be pulled upFrom the land I have given them,”Says the Lord your God.Isaiah 11:12He will set up a banner for the nations,And will assemble the outcasts of Israel,And gather together the dispersed of Judah,From the four corners of the earth.

Just like our do nothing, drama queen Congress and President, the article says - "But he spoke only in generalities and gave no details on any concrete concessions he has in mind."

brother fighting brother, they should all be ashamed of themselves

There ain't nothing more delusional then fools zealot and war profiteers who keep telling themselves that expansionism and provocation is the way to a peace deal !!

As long as our American congress is supporting Israel more than United States, these is no peace in that region.As long as our American congress is supporting Israel more than United States, these is no peace in that region.

The land grab began, the moment the British and company gave the best areas to the Israeli state, in the 40s.If that wouldn't make you angry, then you are an idiot.If you want peace so badly, then stop the land grabs and apatheid conditions.The Palestinians strike back with what little they have, then are branded as terrorists.

Land for peace.  It didn't work in the past.  But hey, I'm sure it will work this time.

Sharon Lock is an independent journalist and human rights activist from Australia. For the past two weeks, Lock has been riding in a Red Crescent ambulance in Gaza, documenting attacks on medics and ambulances as they try to reach hundreds of victims of the bombings, cut down in the streets fleeing or caught under the rubble of hundreds of destroyed buildings. According to Lock, who was in Al-Quds Hospital when it was struck multiple times, 80 percent of the calls for help have gone unanswered, because Israeli forces “attack the medics” when they try and retrieve the wounded and the dead, “even after they have been given permission to move in.”

"Netanyahu has refused to halt settlement construction, saying negotiations should resume without any preconditions. But the international community has shown growing impatience with the Israelis."Fact Check: The construction was halted for 9 months, but PLO refused to negotiate. I believe yahoo needs to correct the factual inaccuracy in their reporting.

there has never been a peace plan, there has always been a settlement plan, where and when to build them illegal settlements

Declassified FBI documents from a 1985-2002 investigation implicate Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu in an initiative to illegally purchase United States nuclear technology for Israel’s nuclear program.Netanyahu was allegedly helped by Arnon Milchan, a Hollywood producer with ties to Israeli prime ministers and U.S. presidents.google project pinto

maybe obama can get some advice on Benghazi , while hes in the mideast.Over 30 US Survivors have Been Threatened if they come forward and tell the TRUTH about obamas / clintons / panettas FAILURE tp Protect americans . 4 Died and team obama LIED

When will America wake-up and STOP lobbying for foreign interests BY lobbies like AIPAC ?

Netanyahu knows there will never be peace in the middle east.There will NEVER be peace with the Palestinians...Israel doesn't want peace

(Israel's) "Likud (party)... to advance law of "Jewish state" - The law will state that the Jewish character of the state overpowers democratic values. The new Basic law makes Israel's democratic principles subservient to the country's Jewish character." From Haaretz (Israeli newspaper) Shocker huh?

You want peace Bibi? Tell the Palestinians that all illegal settlements will be turned over to them.

Will there be any land left to continue the illegal building of settlements by the Israelis before peace talks begin? The Jewish state dose not want peace but rather all the pieces of land they can steal. To be fair and just has meaning or not?

president Sherock said it best "Netanyahu is a liar"

Yeah, Right like Hitler wanted peace. He want a piece of one country and then another and another.

I wonder why yahoo forgot to mention that "Palestine" is now run by Hamas, an Islamist terror group. Too politically incorrect?

Good thing they ran out of white chocolate before they created an international incident. They don't realize putting the Prez in "white face" just isn't kosher.

And gold ingots will fall from the sky ... There will be no peace. The Netanyahu regime is well aware of his sliding approval ratings in the west, he's performing a false campaign of damage control.

I love the way the leftist AP attempts to make US readers believe that the Israelis love Obama -- this is BS, most Israelis understand Obama and don't trust him one iota.I love the way the leftist AP attempts to make US readers believe that the Israelis love Obama -- this is BS, most Israelis understand Obama and don't trust him one iota.

This is the first time in Yahoo forums that have been critical of Israel. Thank God, people are starting to see that evil regime for what it really is.  Hopefully, people will wake up and see the truth. It takes time,but there is hope.

Peace isn’t possible without a legitimate partner. Palestine never had one. Talks were stillborn from inception. One observer called them “the most spectacular deception in modern diplomatic history.” Israel doesn’t negotiate. It demands. Nothing short of unconditional surrender is acceptable. Decades of on &amp; off talks were futile. Israel spurns peace. Netanyahu calls pursuing it “a waste of time.” The so-called “peace process” is more slogan than reality. It’s a duplicitous charade. Dealing with Netanyahu assures no resolution.

One cannot make peace with tyrants who condone terror.

Obama to Netanyahu, "The next time those peaceful Palestinians shoot rocket shells @ you, do not retaliate." Netanyahu is going to kick him in the but* and tell him to leave.

Do you know why it is called the Holy Land?.......Because it is so riddled with bullet holes.

Everybody have  to  pay  ATTENTION -  ISRAEL  is  under  GOD  supervision very  close ,read  the  Bible  and  be carfuly.

Israel's Netanyahu says new government wants peacelmao, not as long as hes in charge.

google,5 dancing israelis on 911

The Arabs do not want peace with Israel. They only want Israel gone and Obama is ready to make that happen. BB is only caving in to preasure from Obummer.He wants peace....and east Jerusalem....and complete control of Palestinian borders.....and the head of every first born male....

Let me guess.  Israel want peace, but they have to make war, increase illegal settlements in occupied territories in defiance of International law and assassinate Palestinian leader each time they get close to any agreement.Because it is the Palestinians that are all bad.  And Arabs are all bad.  And Muslims are all Bad.  And Christian Palestinians are all Bad.  And Jews are all good.  And Orthodox Jews are better than Jews.  And Israeli Orthodox Jews in illegal settlement are the best.And American taxpayers have to pay the bills.  Because American taxpayers are chosen by God to be stupid and pay the bills that our politicians bought by the pro-Israeli lobbies present us every year.

"We Come In Peace" {Mars Attacks)

PEACE

Wonder why there is No Peace in the Middle East:AIPAC Monies to Congress:Total - 2007-2008: $3,565,189.00Total - 1978-2008: $47,849,843.00Total Recipient Candidates: 2176This doesn’t include Millions spent on perks and entertainments.

Israel always wanted peace the palestinians always wanted Israel piece by piece.

It is against anybody’s conscience and law (except Zionism) to remove a person from their home, torture them, and chase them from their land without due process of law.

It's a safe bet.  Soon as Israel and the Palestinians get close to anything resembling a peace deal, the Palestinian militants will again shoot themselves in the foot by launching another attack on the Israelis.

says the most hawkish prime minster ever

...as long as I can keep building illegal settlements.Israel was never interested in peace... It was always interested in land...

Only the Prince of Peace can make lasting peace in that region.

I am Jewish and very much would like to see peace in that part of the world. BUT, I do not trust Netanyahu and will believe it when I see it!!!

Details don't matter. It's all just empty talk.

I am beginning to wonder if the "palestinians" are even relevant any more - they seem to little more than whiners lately.

How can you make peace with someone you don't believes exist? Don't let Obama pressure you into something stupid.

utube today,    CrossTalk: Obama's Israel (ft. Norman Finkelstein)

Jesus H Christ!Hell has frozen over!

Obama is the messenger for the muslim brotherhood....

this tsarting to sound like a broken recordAnd why? Because the good old rule sufficeth them, the simple planThat he shall take who hath the power, and he shall keep who can.Wordsworth

Negotiations have failed. The UN is useless. America is tethered to a beast that will not quit consuming land that does not belong to it. There is only one solution. "israel" must be dismantled. Whether or not it is done peacefully, is entirely up to the "israelis."

Goldman that is your choice, but me and mine are tired of war as are many Americans!

Don't worry, BiBi; - if YOU don't make "sufficient" concessions, ~ your 'friend' hussein obamy will do if FOR you when your back is turned.

Let's hope for the best then

A Palestinian, a Turk, and an Egyptian are riding in a car through Europe......Who's driving?Answer.....A POLICE MAN.....Ha Ha HaThat's funny, I don't care who you are !

"We extend our hand in peace to the Palestinians," Netanyahu said”…Great! Now the world will wait &amp; see if the Palis extend theirs!

7 year deal for Peace will be reached!

How about closing down the settlements on the territory that could create two states, except for the settlements?

Current Palestinians are direct descendants from ancient peoples of what they call judea and samaria. They are the ones who stayed in the region but got converted. If they have mixed with Arab blood, its no more than Ashkenazi Jews are mixed with European blood when they escaped from the region. The Pals though are the ones who stayed, so intrinsically a tougher people than the ones who did run. And that may be why Ashkenazii today can't roll over them, much to their frustration.organ harvesters, baby killers, liars, land thieves, murderers, war criminals, sex slave traders, money launderers and on and on and on

Americans have no idea the staggering number of israeli/jewish shills and propagandists that post on these threads to dehumanize Muslims and goad us into another war with Iran. Like the agitators in a lynch mob screaming hang him!!!..They want YOU to hate Muslims as much as they do..Wake up America..(There are 50,000 Facebook members of the "jewish internet defense force")

How's this for a "concession" between the Palestinians and Israel?"You don't shoot at us, and we won't shoot at you."That seems to be a fine basis for a peace agreement to me.

What good is statehood when no actual right is given. Statehood in word only is as worthless as the paper its written on

What do you want... Joker?!"Oh little song and dance, Obama's head on a lance."

lies and lip service,this is a well known fact on the 20th anniversary of the peace accords.

Zionists rule, dogs drool.

Palestinian Apartheid is disgusting.The antisemitism in Palestinian media is primitive and revolting at the same time as Israeli universities are full of Arabs being educated at Israeli taxpayers' expense. According to Palestinians Jews have absolutely NO  human rights in the Jewish homeland.

Obama is going to tell Netanyahu that America is behind him 100% against Islamic aggression. Then, he will tell him, in that spirit, he is going to give the Palestinians only 100 fighter jets and a 1,000 tanks instead of his original plan of giving them 1,000 fighter jets and 10,000 tanks.

He uses alot O words that say nothing! Nettie needs to go. The Jewish people deserve better.Plus the history of Netanyahu and the Palestinian Leaders make one see why they do not trust each other.  Hearing Netanyahu speak is like Mitt Romney during the flipflopping moments of the presidential campaign.  Now, Netanyahu need Obama before he totally disrespected Obama no matter who the POTUS is you should never come to our country and disrespect our President the way this idiot done-with the help of a few GOP pushing him to be that stupid!

236 Jewish-only illegal settlements on stolen Palestinian land... 236 illegal settlemets... They do not want peace

Amen Christy

It aint gona happen......not til Jesus returns and sets up his kingdom.

The new and improved israel wants peace. Find out how many times this has been declared in the last forty years . .. ..

Bibi is the big problem in Mid East . He hurts Israel , so i do not like him.

'Israel's Netanyahu says new government wants peace'??? ha ha ha haYeah, the zioNAZIs want peace, just like their patriarch, Hitler, wanted peace.

I wish the Palestinians would be willing to meet without any preconditions.

Question:So How is the 60 Years Old Israeli Peace Process Working Out ?

How can Israel have pecae as long as their is one Palestinian goat humper breathing???Build, Bibi, build!

One does not make peace with liars and deceivers. Israel will never have the kind of peace they are looking for cause Palestinians don't know how to live with others who are different than them. They cry out 'peace' and then will turn around and blow up the Israelis. One can not tame a snake......

Ishmael is mad at Issac and wants Issacs land. He will fight like a wild donkey till he gets his way

we know Israel wants peace, do you Mr Netanyahu ??????

Yeah, he has an old pair of shoes he is willing to give them since he now has a new pair of boots to wear when he steps on their throats.

Iteresting. Israel says it wants peace and there are a ton of anti-israel comments. I think I may have stumbled on the Al_qaeda Homepage.

Just how do you make peace with people who do not recognize your right to exist and want do kill you?

The Zionist don't want peace, they only want more and will kill anything that gets in their way. Today's Zionism is yesterdays Nazism only much worse, it's a good thing Hitler didn't know that to control the west all you need are powerful lobby groups.

Why do we stand for a prosperous developed country (Israel)..When we can revert it so an international welfare dump (pre-Israel Palestine) .........The Palestinians can't even drill a well, when they are handed tools, and materials.....

What Israel (and Palestine) needs is another Menachem Begin.Netenyahu... ahhhhhh... I don't think so.They just took the E-1 portion that sepparates the West Bank from Gaza; now they want peace?  This is ethnic cleansing; plain and simple.  Free Palestine, Free America, Free Europe, Free us all !!!

""Netanyahu told the chamber that Israel has proven "time and again" it is ready to make concessions in exchange for a "real peace.""""" There is the rub. The definition of real peace has always included a poison pill introduced by our ally, the Israeli's. I hope the Israeli's are serious this time. They play the Arabs like a stringed instrument. They have teh uncanny ability to always put in the poison pill with any proposal. Forget being humane, or fair, or just. Let's think of our own interests, i.e. the U.S. interests, and lean on all parties and make peace. The U.S. has been paying a huge price , beginning with the 1973 embargo of oil. Gas prices, rectal exams at airports, international opprobrium, constant threats , with culmination in 911, etc etc.

There will be peace so long as Israel gets what it wants.

Israel NEEDS peace lest it eventually be occupied by more Muslims than Jews.It's tough to be a Jewish state when most are Muslim.It's been a race against time for some time now.

SATANyahoo is the man of a very mf lasting peace on hell---on earth he is a monster

I never clone. It is too much fun just to be me. ;-)

Even being a very powerful country In middle-east, Israel can make eternal peace with the Palestinians, they are very capable, but they also see the advantage of being oppressive country in the region and that's why they will not make peace with them until another 40/50 years until the new Israeli leaders emerge victorious from the ashes of the old politicians.

Hey...that looks exactly like satan.

so what are you gonna do netayahu, go against what your religion tells you? lair! you don't want peace.

PUH-LEEZto Bibi, historic compromise = we won't kill you if you live in prison camps that look like swiss cheese on a map and we control your borders and your food and water and airspace and get to steal your gas deposits and you don;t get mad at us either.

Good luck Ben.  The terrorists don't want real peace but thanks for giving it a shot!

the population of the world wants peace but the people who run it do not..they cant profit from peace and they cant control the population without fear...this made up war on terror was created by the real terrorist...the people in power at the white house are the true terrorist....the lie and heat and steal from all citizens and commit crimes against humanity in disguise of war of terrorist......disgusting what these people are capable of..they will have to answer for their crimes in the afterlife......

HOT!!!!!!Assala - Taswar

Lebanese speak ARABIC...and they have been speaking arabic for thousands and thousands of years. Many Lebanese muslims﻿ and lebanese christians come from ARAB muslim tribes and ARAB christian tribes.The most famous arab muslim/christian tribe that came from lebanon, syria,.palestine,and jordan were the ghassind tribe. You lebanese are arabs..Both arab muslims and arab christians.

Yara - Law Bassely

Haifa Wehbe Enta Tani OFFICIAL VIDEO

same now christians r living in palestin in peace &amp; jews can too, but they dont want a land for jews to live , they want a land for zionism government &amp; jews land just is a lie for hiding the main goal how Hol‍oca‍ust is one .

Ever see video of the Arab Music show at "woodstock"?

Re: Photo;  Crumby depiction of a Crumby president.  Headline should read '...new government wants money..'. That is not news ; but neither is this story.Netanyahu is nothing more than a Polish-American Zionist mutt. Go back to Poland Netanyahu, you are no Semite..in fact most Jews aren't, they just happen to follow the Jewish religion versus having genuine Middle Eastern background. This "Law of return" is a SCAM based on an ancient book. Zionism is religious radicalism manifested in politics!

MEMO to Ben:  Camp David agreement!  Remember?

blah-blah-blah....garbage in, garbage out.

The thought that the USA govt is infested with Zionist Juews makes me sick.  Their allegiance is not to the USA!!!  Wake up USA or you will find yourself quite dead......  The time has come to clean our backyard.  A time for honest leadership in the USA!!!

If you think of peace as a weapon- IT IS THE GREATEST WEAPON EVER DEVELOPED--comprende las palabras del que murio en la cruz

Israel's founders wanted an all inclusive secular state....which the Arabs rejected. Rather than help build a country, they tried to destroy it.......American "loyalists" were deported, after our revolution....and their properties confiscated....America took land from the natives, Spanish, Mexicans, and French...some we paid for, MOST we did not....HOW IS THAT DIFFERENT?

We are living in a world full of evil and greed ! Good luck with peace.

Fake Al Qaeda Actors EXPOSED! Adam Gadahn &amp; Yousef al-Khattabutube

like students u think?!

Only losers clone.......The Palestinians don't want peace. They want Israel!

The Israelis do not want peace. They want land and they think that will give them security. As we speak they are destroying Arab neighbourhoods of East Jerusalem. Go on line and check out what they are doing in Silwan. This new government they just formed is the most fanatic right wing in Israel's history. The Palestinians are divided between the PA and Hamas and Israel uses the opportunity to continue to steal more and more land. Disgraceful to think we are tacitly supporting this.

how cant there peace if pal dont reco isra  right to exist how i say lay down there weapons and give up hamas then talk about a settment turn in all intel on hez and hamas or no deal lee kiss my #$%$

As a result of the Jewish grip on the media, wrote Lilienthal, news coverage of the Israel-Palestine conflict in American television, newspapers and magazines is relentlessly sympathetic to Israel. This is manifest, for example, in the misleading portrayal of Palestinian "terrorism." As Lilienthal put it: "One-sided reportage on terrorism, in which cause is never related to effect, was assured because the most effective component of the Jewish connection is probably that of media control."  -Jewish American scholar Alfred M. Lilienthal 1978

It's perfectly ok for the US to fire weapons into Afghanistan to "free" the people, but when the Palestinians do it to Israel to reclaim their stolen land, it's unwarranted aggression.  Puhleeze.

Will someone stick a bannana in Christy's mouth or smack her fingers wth a hammer...what a rhetorical brain washed bore

israelis cannot trust obama; he was, is and always will be a "progressive" arab/muslim terrorist sympathizer!

Look Like Mr Hopes Photo Is Pixelated.

he muslims don't want peace, how many times have they attacked Israel like sneaky rats? here will be peace when they are all out of Israeli territory for good.

Netanyahu saying he wants peace is as believable as #$%$ Cheney saying "I'll only go to war as the last resort."Great headline! Totally convincing -- really grabs the reader. A guy we can trust speaking his heart.

As much as israel want peace,that much the dirty arab want Blood.

The bible says there will be peace . It also says for how long. Be patient and stay prayed up.

Wonder if he would concede what a #$%$ PM he's been.

Abbas' term as president had expired long ago. Arabs do not like him, so he canceled elections. Whom to negotiate with???

Stealing land=Rockets!!! Stop stealing land NO rockets.

Peace never happens when an enemy is HELL BENT on your people becoming Extinct !

Arabs used to cast their longing glances at Muslim Brotherhood. But after Morsi shut the border tight &amp; pumped sewage into Gaza tunnels, Arabs look at socialist-progressives instead.

Oh God Netanyahu, I can't stop laughing...Good joke

peace is best. only the narrow minded would think its a fat chance.To extend that arm the newly elected would need some rebar and two rolls of duct tape,.

Dear President Peres and P.M. Netanyahu,If the US has ever done anything for Israel; please detaining and try Obama for crimes against Humanity and Human Rights Violations for drone strikes on 4,700 people including innocent men, women, and children; killing "suspects" on "allegations" violating International Declaration of Human Rights Article 10 "Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal, in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him."

Sarkozy said it best Net The Yahoo is a lier.

Netanyahu and his supporters do not want peace.  If they did, they would stop building illegal "settlements" and start withdrawing the ones that have been built.  What they really want is not peace, but surrender.

Religious nuts and peace don't mix.

Shove it BiBi. If it was up to me, there would be NO foreign aid to our enemies. That would include you!

The Palestinians are going to play the same record.

Netanyahu promises peace to the Palestinians if """THEY WILL JUST FOLLOW ORDERS""""

There is no peace. There is no one for Israel to negotiate peace with.

Netanyahu's idea of reaching peace is to continue building endless settlements, and to offer no real compromises while depending on AIPAC to insure that all U.S. politicians "tow the line" on Israel's intransigence or be thrown out of office. This is the funniest headline so far in 2013.There will never be peace as long as the colonization of Palestine is allowed to continue.

A.I.P.A.C.: American Israel Public Affairs CommitteeAccording to the New York Times, April 26, 1998, article, “For 47 Years, a Lobby Group with Muscle Has Tirelessly Tended U.S.-Israel Ties.”“Of all the Jewish organizations devoted to channeling that popular opinion into American policy, there is none as influential as the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, known as AIPAC.”AIPAC’s main influence and domination is in Congress although it certainly impacts all levels of the U.S. Government. Its main concern is U.S. foreign policy vis à vis Israel, the Middle East, and the Muslim world in general. It has succeeded for decades in preventing the development of any good relations between the Arab, Muslim world and the U.S. It focuses primarily on diplomatic, military, and financial aid to Israel as well as “Forcing” the adoption of Israel’s Policies as America’s Policies so that what’s good for Israel is automatically good for America and vice versa.

you want answes read the bible  ..everythings has come true so far

Netanyahu is willing to negotiated for peace with Palestinian in exchange for billions of dollars aids from United States.

The question is "why is the evil slime called Netanyahu not in jail"??????

The Jews won't stop stealing land until they annex Miami.

The internet zionist nutcases are removing posts from the "report abuse" menu again. Hiding the truth and disguising their lies is a booming israeli industry.

If these stubborn people would all sit down together and agree on final borders outside of Jerusalem, much of the settlement issue can be rendered moot.  The Palestinians would no longer have a right to complain about settlement construction on the agreed Israeli side, and Israel would no longer have any right (under its own laws) to build on the agreed Palestinian side.  With this key issue diffused, they would be better positioned to negotiate on the remaining issues.

This Zionist regime that warmongers every day wants peace.  Yeah and it's military wing USrael starts wars everywhere constantly all the time, very peaceful.  This Zionist regime will not be satisfied until no more life exists on the planet.  This is pure garbage, who do they even expect to believe this western nonsense.  Oh yeah the etardedr jellyfish amoebas.

Of all the images Yahoo/AP/Pravda could have used to depict this trip.....pathetic.Imagine your neighbor saying he'll drop the per-conditions and negotiate with you to not steal your land, bulldoze your home, which pushes you into a refugee camp while they build a new home using government money.  If the bible says you own the land, would you give it up?

its getting late, so we best get our spiritual lives in order.

Blahahahhahahahhahaha

Who in their right mind would believe anything that comes out that snake nincomyahoo's mouth?

Israeli=This is our land!  It was written on an old scroll that someone found in a cave.  It must be true!!

Stop the construction of Jewish Illegal Settlements!  That would be the signal Prime Minister Netanyahu is serious about peace negotiations with the Palestinians.  Otherwise, continue with your on the job training of being a Cartoonist!

My israeli and zioNAZI friends...tonight, you will go to sleep, as you do every night. When you wake up tomorrow, Palestine will still exist, the Arabs and Muslims's economy and military will still be the strongest in the Middle East, and you, my Jewish friends, will still have nothing, and live in fear, build bomb shelter, and get in line fro round 2 and steal beg and borrow like animals.  Build your wall, soon it will keep you in!

Ben's 'historic compromise."  We will continue building illegal settlements and treating Palestinians like dogs with US approval.   How's that?

Israel won the land, they are not like the USA in giving back land won during war to those defeated!!!

This is a HUGE mistake. Concessions today mean more concessions tomorrow and more the following day. Muslims always want more no matter how much you give them. The eradication of Islam is the only solution.sounds like a broken record!

I howled in laughter when I read this.  That Netanyahu, he sure does have a good sense of humor.

The only peace' that LIAR warmonger Zionist Netanyahu wants is to MURDER all of the Palestinians and Arabs and to steal all of their lands.

The hard liners think it is all ISRAEL, but the inhabitants get no representation.If that was the COLONIES of Britain in 1776!

Whether you believe it or not, when was the last time you heard a statement like this from the otherside?

modern science has already proved these ppl have no traces to the ME

Netanyahu and peace are mutually exclusive. He is such a brazen liar. No one really believes him anymore.

Jews will never ever live in Peace.

wow a lot of uneducated people here

Oh cr@p guys..he must be serious this time! He added "Historic" before the word peace! We will be waking up everyday for the next decade reading the same headlines..now that's historic!poor zions in israhell,obama hate u.

You tube is like my old car -NOT VERY RELIABLE.-comprende las palabras del que murio en la cruz

The USA should pick up a bat and force the Israelis to surrender or face the MUSIC.............No if's and no buts!!!

To EverymanHi...  Doing good TY.  Have and still am quite busy......  Hope you are well!!!

Golda Meir told once:Peace will come when Arabs will hate us less then they love their children.So far there is no such indication visible, doesn't matter what Israel side offer Arabs, despite all the pain Jewish State suffer  and all dead and injuries, Arabs going to deny, they need jewish blood, that's only thing they want.

The  Palestinians shot over 1200 rockets, before Israel retaliated.....They shot over 2000 rockets in all (2012 alone).....

Seems like Christy is the one consumed with hate!

If this is true, then give the land back and restore the peace. Allow the Palestinians a state and help them grow ecomicially. By doing this; there will be no time for war only healing and brotherhood for mankind. A true first step from Israel will be welcome in this Mideast turmoil.

Don't be a fool Netanyahu or you'll regret it.

Working poor Americans (nor anybody else) should not be required to fund the holocaust against the Palestinian people and pay support money for new homes on stolen land for "New York Jews".Yeh, sure, and the RICH wiah to be poor.

Anytime Israel starts to talk about "peace", it means they want more money and sympathy from the rest of the world.  As it is now, the Palestinians are basically in a "prison camp".  The borders are sealed off and the ports are blockaded by Israel.  The Israelis will continue to try to provoke the Palestinians into attempting to attack so they could justify an invasion and claim all the land.  We all know how lopsided such a conflict would be:  Israel, with their large Army, Navy, and Air Force (backed by their arsenal of nuclear weapons) with a people armed with little more than stones and "bottle rockets".  The Israelis have always wanted the Palestinian's land (without the Palestinians in it), and will do their best to eliminate them!

Building settlements in occupied territory is not the way to peace.

Netanyahu sounds like me when I say I want to lose weight but keep eating, he wants peace, but keeps bullying and building. Those people are one huge dysfunctional family who have hated each other since they came into existance and they feed off the drama of it all. This is the very reason we should keep our noses out of their business. For most of my life I tried to create peace in my family, only at a very late date have I found out that my family members thrived of the drama, when it was over, it was the death of them and everybody hates me!!!!

How honorable Netanyahu is become.  Will he tell the 500,000 settlers to go back to their original homes.  That would promote peace.  Maybe he will

I'm glad that israel wants talks without 'preconditions'. It will be so much easier to negotiate when they don't demand as non-negotiable these preconditions: 1. Control of west bank borders with Jordan. 2. a unified jerusalem. 3. a demand that the palestinians accept israel as a 'jewish' state. 4. control and ownership of the biggest settlements.

Clone, I haven't ever played both sides, I leave that to the deceivers.  Carry on Pal/Sow the loser.

Israel not to be trusted.

When it comes to who wants peace, the non-muslim world sees that there have been over 20,500 acts of Muslim terrorists since the 9/11 attacks on American. Muslims have killed more Muslims and Christians than anyone else in the world. Muslim countries oppress their Christian citizens and are intolerant of any other faith. These are facts, not opinions. So how can the Muslim world do all these acts of terror and still claim they want peace?

Ok we will take the n****rs and the ch!nks, but we don't want the Irish ...One can only hope! Make amends with the palestinians reach a lasting peace accord, work togetherbfor the better of all.

Yahu doesn't have peace in him!

the reallity that usually boycott in zion mediaww‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍w.humanrights-iran.i‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍r/news-27415.aspxww‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍w.monzerin.i‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍r/post/54ww‍‍‍‍w.room-alghadeer.n‍‍‍‍et/vb/showthread.php?t=6466

They want peace lol, bullying your neighbors is sure making a lot of peace . Netanyahu want peace  I don't believe anything that guy say. Love is peace, love your neighbor as thy The Lord say,  no one can love God without loving your neighbor as thy self.

Netanyahu the war criminal should be on trial for war crimes. If he is true about wanting peace with Palestinians then divide up the land stolen and pay reparations, and let those Palsetinians exiled return to the homes. He states he wants peace yet he is threatening to wage war against Iran Syria and sees all Muslims and Arabs as his mortal enemies.

Down with aparthaid system

Who says there is no arab hasbara?  The posters here are mostly arabs....did afternoon prayers just let out?

smoke gets in your eyes palestinians wanting peace maybe until they restock their rockets

and people in hell are forced to say they want hot chocolate..

After reading these posts, it's no wonder that America is falling apart...it's full of Morons.Have they stopped building in the West Bank?  Didn't think so.

I hope the Israelite don't use the $40 billions in Entitlement welfare money from the U.S. to build more house on stolen land !!Oh #$%$, too late !

Slim chance for peace in that region. But, Im pulling for Israel. At least they dont strap bombs to kids and murder women after theyve been raped.

Israel=friend and U.S. ally...."Palestine"  Iran, Syria......not so much.....

remember Israel....land for peace is treason

Today so called  'REAL PEACE'  will be said  Tomorrow  'REAL PIECE'  OF Palestine  will be taken

Never trust Bibi. It's all Propaganda for Obama's visit.

Don't worry the anti christ will bring them peace. For three and 1/2 years that is then watch all hell break loose! Study bible prophecy, please!

Ben:  "Did I say peace?  Oops, I meant my next piece of Palestinian land for settlements. Sorry bout that."

After Egyptian president, Morsi, had pumped sewage water into Gaza tunnels, even socialist-progressives feel shy.Netanyahu is facing the reality.

Warmongers like Ben NEVER want peace!

You can't have peace while still creating conflict by building on disputed lands.  And why would you want a  Palestinian state next you who's charter calls for your complete destruction?

he's lying as usual. -this year the US spent more on israel's defense than israel did... no way he wants off that gravy train.

PEACE ? ARE YOU SURE ? NO WIKI WAKY TALK ?

good one!

US interference one of the major obstacles to peace in the Middle East.

Bla, Bla,Bla Goldman!  Take your used tampon and keep on teething!  Someday you will be a man.

Jewish zealot expansionism is no way to promote peace Mr Netanyahu !!

Social media erupted as viewers of the History Channel’s new miniseries “The Bible” noticed a resemblance between the character of Satan and US President Barack ObamaWASHINGTON, March 18 (RIA Novosti) – Cable television’s History Channel miniseries “The Bible” has created a social media firestorm in the United States after viewers of Sunday night’s episode took to Facebook and Twitter noticing an uncanny resemblance between the character Satan and US President Barack Obama.Conservative television host Glenn Beck tweeted his observations in a post that was shared hundreds of times across the micro-blogging site.Nethanyaho needs a hitler mustache.then we can see his real face.

Netanyahu you have had since 1973 for peace talks so don,t get in a hurry and rush things now and make a mistake. Take your time because it is the only thing you have now to offer the Palestinians.

Obama has no bold moves period.

"We want peace and we will kill every Palestinian to get peace!!---- We will fight to the last American dollar!!" --- That should be the actual quote.

In order to achieve "peace" Israel must destroy all muslims.

Hitler said he wanted piece a piece of Poland

Haha, that poster of Obama with the word, "HOPE!" Well, it fooled us! Wait until they experience O's "Hope &amp; Change" for themselves... lol

Peace--in the middle east...? Are we talking about the same planet...?

Stop blocking comments!

"Palestine" was invented by the Turks.......There is NO historical "Palestine"...Israelis don't want peace they want the Palestinians' land. If they really wanted peace they would have stopped building those settlements long ago. They will get a big surprise in the next decade when U.S. becomes energy independent and no longer gives a damn about the Middle East while the surrounding countries become more democratic, more anti-Israel because of their treatment of Palestinians, and build more advanced military forces. All it takes is some long range missiles.

Lieberman and Netanyahu together are responsible for a rise in Antisemitism worldwide. Yahoo is present in many countries, each with their own comment boards. Read the Antisemitic comments there connected with this dynamic duo from the Sesame Street University of Government and Civics. Israel deserves better - it is time.

Peace with maggots?

No wonder Khazar Judaists say they are “victims”, they will never be free people because their murder, torture, and land theft will follow them wherever they go.  They are victims of their own crimes locked into a forever jail they created and we are "anti-Judaist"; because we don’t like murderers and thieves

w‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍ww.8pic.i‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍r/images/ibi33rbv7897k4que2k.jpg

Yeah. He wants peace alright! He wants peace while keeping Israel is keeping its collective foot on the collective neck of the Palestinians while telling them to get up and make peace with Israel.

Peace has the power to turn enemies en to friends and adversaries in to allies-comprende las palabras del que murio en la cruz

The truth is that the only thing that the arabs on here can do is whine and cry like little beetches.  They don't want peace;  all they want is the destruction of Israel.  And so, they continue to invest all their capital into buying weapons, and they put nothing into the development of their society.  So, go ahead arabs, continue to live in poverty and squalor..it is nobody's fault but your own.

Daret El Ayam - Amal MaherYOUTUBEwhat's that thing in his mouth?

Even foreign dignitaries have been caught talking the truth about bibiboon . . . . when his office calls other nations, leaders, or groups, they go home and dread the day.Palestinians only desire in life is to kill Israelis.If they agree to peace, it is only planned diversion to stab them in the back.I'd like to see it, but I'll never be gullible enough to believe it.

There was "real peace" brokered by Jimmy Carter after the Camp David accords - peace deal that Israel has consistently ignored for over 30 years!   How's that for PEACE?

Israel hasn't proven squat.  If Net-a-war-hoo wanted peace he wouldn't be building settlements, highways, walls, and all the other stuff on OCCUPIED land that isn't part of Israel.

REMINDER: GAZA | Sat Dec 8, 2012 9:08am EST(Reuters) - Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal, making his first ever visit to the Gaza Strip, vowed on Saturday never to recognize Israel and said his Islamist group would never abandon its claim to all Israeli territory.

The true definition of an oxymoron. Israeli Peace.

onward skyward

The Megaphone desktop tool is a Windows "action alert" tool developed by Give Israel Your United Support (GIYUS) and distributed by World Union of Jewish Students, World Jewish Congress, The Jewish Agency for Israel, World Zionist Organization, StandWithUs, Hasbara fellowships, HonestReporting, and other pro-Israel public relations organizations. The tool was released in July during the 2006 Lebanon War.

When I saw the picture associated with the article - what a waste of good chocolate.

Obama on his way possibly with more money for Netanyahu ... lol

“Israel has broken 65 U.N. resolutions with no consequences, Iraq broke two and got invaded, bombed and destroyed”… one wonders why???Historic compromise?  Would that be say, just a temporary stop to settlements, or something more interesting, like going back to 1948 borders?

It is about time and a step in the right direction... There's a lot of healing to be done on both sides...

People in  America had hope too?

America needs to cut off all aid to the zio entity apartheid regime

Looks just like Satan, on History channels "Bible" series......LOL

Theives and a den of wolves i say.

Are Americans aware that israel hires and trains internet agents who park their butts on these threads 24/7.. insulting anything that moves, and pumping out disinformation? 24 hours a day...every day. Hiding the truth and disguising their lies is a booming Israeli industry.

The problem is not Bibi.  The problem is the pro-Israeli lobbies that feed Bibi and his egos.  He have a government for sale and Israel has bought it and has it in it's pocket.  Only the monthly payments go to the American taxpayer.

Palestine was the name given to the area by the Brits. The people in the area were nomads, Arabs, and Jews. The Palestinians have no historical claim to any land yet Arafat used them to commit terrorist acts and kept the people in poverty while he died with a 300 million estate.The Arab states lost any credibility after the 1967, six day war, and have since used the land issue to further the genocide of a group of people that have given more to the world then they have ever taken.And if you don't understand any of that, wrap your head around this. Why should any nation struggling to survive, when attacked, give any portion of conquered land back to the attackers, especially when it creates a buffer to help keep the nation safe.

America gonna cut cut cut, cut all your funds!"Israel's prime minister said Monday that his new government was extending its hand in peace to the Palestinians" - - - - but it is still going to continue to build more and more settlements on Palestinian land? Now that's the real sign of Israel's PEACE.

Muslim immigrants go bananas with multiple fake email accounts.==================================================

He is a liar'

Pop Quiz: Why is Israel the most hated Nation of the world???

Haifa Wehbe -Baba fen and lamma shams t3'ib (baby album 2009)YOUTUBE

Most Americans can't even stop to think:Why are they giving aid to Israel when it is not even a third world country???Why do they support Israel, when it openly commits genocide of Palestinians and unjustly occupies their land???Why do they wage war and terror throughout the globe???How would a war with Iran benefit them???On top of that they hate Muslims/Islam mindlessly without finding out true facts or reading the Quran...WHAT SORT OF IDIOTS LIVE IN USA???

Peace (sic)... ??Now let's correct the article: Netanyahu says new government wants a piece

Like any politician, he moves his lips and lies come out.

LMAO..Zionazi entity wants peace?REALLY? These carrion birds of humanity want one THING only, that is BLOOD AND MORE SETTLEMENTS FOR EUROPEAN JEWS. No peace with Satan EVER.Transplanted colon cancer must be removed from the ME period. Only way to save mankindthis experiment has gone deadly for the rest of humanity.The creature has gone and has mutated into a virus called hunta israhell.

Talk is cheap Bibby. We all know that Bibby is full of #$%$. Just look at how he is building new settlements in stolen Palestinian land in East Jerusalem.The only PIECE Bibby is interested in is how much land he can steal from the Palestinians.Peace, can be where no soldier can, can defend the indefensable, and can destroy strongholds of the mind. Peace alows the human to be creative, productive and constructive-comprende las palabras del que murio en la cruz

"The fear of the Lord is the beginning of Wisdom"  [proverbs]   Trusting in men is folly.[Scott]

viva Israel

Israel never wants peace.

They want peace but they have to make war because everybody else is mean to them.

Who the hell wants a neighbour who is self destructive?..Give them Gaza .they bomb you from Gaza.....When they get the rest of the land,will Hamas control the rest too? Rockets will rain on Israel ..you can bet on it!Will they have a stable goverment?? Look at Egypt right now,falling into chaos!!!!..Hamas will not allow any democracy to succeed in Palestine because their ultimate goal is the destruction of the state of Israel..THese people are wolves in sheep clothing!

What a LIE. Just about everyone in his new government do not peace. They just want to build and build on LAND that is NOT theirs.

Settlement construction is one of the biggest impediments to peace. They must be stopped. That would have been like Whites building in Black areas in the Civil Rights days yet expecting Blacks to sit back and accept it. No, I don't think so. There should be peace and I hope there will be, but Israel has to stop building and Palestine has to renounce violence.

Israel must rely on itself... if things go bad no help will be forthcoming from the Obama administration.

But the real issue is,  if  you have peace, then you have no conflicts that you can exploit to get more land.  The mouth says one thing but the actions speak quite differently.There will be no peace as long as Hamas is in control.....

Israel is doing better since its popuation is moving away from socialist-progressives. Sadly, EU and USA are moving in the opposite direction. With socialism in place, it would be logical embrace Sharia Law.

Here is a powerful saying "historic compromise" this is what is needed from both Palestinians and Israel.-comprende las palabras del que m urio en la cruz

no where from the river in egypt to the euphrates river is it illegal for israel to build. God's covenant   gave that much land to them and no other people have any right to any of that land. arabs, persians or palestinian sea people. read Genesis 15:18.

"Netanyahu has refused to halt settlement construction, saying negotiations should resume without any preconditions."Let me translate...." We will continue to steal your land, take your homes, and starve you to death.  We have no idea why this would upset you and keep you from conceding what we want"

Research:All Three Religions (Abrahamic Religions) believe in the Same God of Abraham, Moses and Jesus.Many references of Jesus and Moses in Muslims Holy book.If Jesus, Moses, and Abraham were here they will be sick to their stomach.Or it could be just about Land, Power and Money.

Obama won't bring peace he's a terrorist

If God is everywhere then God will find the Jews when he comes back they don't have to be there getting people killed and killing people all the time !!!!!

The Cult of Death in the phoney land of "Palestine" and the war against Israel is only a preview for the West of things to come. Palestine is not a place, it is hate and homicide boiled down into myth.Palestine is not only in Israel. It is in Paris and London. It is in Madrid and Detroit. It is in Sydney and Moscow.It is everywhere that the toxic brew of Muslim fanaticism and Arab nationalism flows. Its flag is the flag of death. Its constitution is a death warrant for every free nation.It is the true face of Islam.

There will be no peace in that region until the Prince Of Peace returns.Anyone who would believes Netanyahu has got to be crazy!!!     If Israel hasn't accomplished any peace agreement with the Palestinians in over 60 years, it isn't going to happen!!!   Certainly not with a hawk like Netanyahu!!!

Do these AP reporters just pick a random image for their articles?

just words

More Israeli lies deceit and hypocrisy !!  The Jewish zealots like to talk the talk but as of yet they can't walk the walk !!  Jewish zealot expansionism and provocation is what provoked the never ending conflict and Jewish zealot expansionism and provocation will keep the conflict going on and on and on !!

More bs withdraw from 1967 war taken land never any settlements on robbed land full civil rights never again slavery murder

Peace, can be where no soldier can be, peace can go where no soldier can go, it can fight battles on its own, Peace can unlish the power of the human mind to be creativity, productive, and constructive. Peace can rebuild trust and entire nations.-comprende las palabras del que murio en la cruz

Islamists (Arabs) worship Allah, which is Satan.The Jews worship the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. So, it is no wonder the inferior Arabs hate the superior Jews. If there were no Jews, there wouldn't be many Nobel Peace prize winners.

P sound is NOT in Arabic alphabet. Look it up.

A Palestinian, an Egyptian, and a Turk are riding across Europe, in an automobile....(Q)  Who's driving ?(A) A policeman !      Ha Ha HaOh come on, that's funny !

It doesn't matter what the Israelis offer. Hamas, supported by Iran which is in league with the Muslim Brotherhood, which is financed and armed by Obama, has never backed off their statement that the only acceptable outcome is the total destruction of Israel.Hamas has no concept of "good faith", nor honor, nor dignity, nor respect, nor integrity. They are wholly represented by their actions.Peace with moderate moslems is like saying America needs more taxes....

Idiots. Obama WANTS Israel to fail almost as much as he is FORCING America to.

The only peace that can exist, is the one enforced by the Israeli arms.

Netanyatu is looking for peace statements  not actions..He sees the nations bordering Israel turning into muslim hardline religious states..He needs a front to say they will not sit to speak because the noose is tightening and the push is to the sea...

the Russian fleet just docked in Syria. The White House opened a back channel with Iran months ago. looks like Bibi has no choice.

This has been going on for how long &gt;??Just go to full all out war and the winner , wins .Enough of this Playground squabbleBa- Boom

Bloomer the Blooming idiot always using RC's pasties, he and Bill White are stuck in the "RC Mode"............

Peace???? That would mean you would have to stop murdering people.... Isn't ever going to happen.

No rest for the Wicked I heard a man say !!!

Israel=We will have peace once we are done stealing all the land we want.Too bad obama makes NO concessions if it would help America recover their jobs. Maybe Benjamin could 'splain' this to obama.

Gazian's  could have drilled 20 wells, or built a desalinization plant, with the money they shot into Israel, in recent years......over $120,000,000 donated for "water" has been spent on arms, and luxury lifestyles for Hamas's elite ......Egypt recently abandoned a sewer project in Gaza, because of NO palestinian cooperation.......

Just one voice, no more important than any other.  I would promise American troops to defend Israel's 1967 border with no exception: a promise that Israel will always exist within that boundary.I would then give aid to the Palestinian government on the West Bank to make them far more prosperous than Hamas led Gaza.  If any major trouble comes out of the West Bank they lose their prosperity.I would then bomb the h#ll out of any trouble from Gaza.  If they did not accept Israel as a state and live peacefully, then tell Israel they could do whatever they wanted with Gaza.I would pray Gaza would see the peace and prosperity of the West Bank and opt to go that way.This, not oil, is the source of almost all our problems from Muslim terror groups.  We need to resolve it, imho.  What we have been doing since the 1960's has not resolved the problem.  I am open to any better ideas.  Bombing the Palestinians will not end Muslim terror against us.

He's a LIAR

A top official told Yedioth's (Israeli newspaper) Itamar Eichner that Netanyahu is leading Israel to disaster. "Benjamin Netanyahu wants to go down in history with only one thing - Iran...The prime minister discounts the entire world. He is not interested in the Palestinians, but this will all blow up in our faces. The Netanyahu government is leading Israel towards a disaster," said the official, who asked to remain anonymous. The senior official said peace negotiations are not likely to resume after the elections due to the conditions set by the prime minister.

Isreal is an Apartheid regime........Apartheid regimes know no peace!!!!!!!!!!

The Palestinian leadership, is making far too much money, being adversaries......Peace would mean no more billion dollar  fundraisers in Bahrain , no more Paris penthouses, no more million dollar gifts from Saudi Princes......besides they still have half a million kids left to sacrifice........

Since there is no such thing as a Palestinian, what the hell is Israel doing? I mean, my grandpa talks to imaginary people, what's Israel's excuse?

Yeah... Right.

Israel will never have peace as long as muslims are around!"Inch by Inch we vow to free the land of Palestine (Israel) from the Mediterranean Sea to the Jordan River" say the Pali Arabs."Never Again!" say the Jewish People.

Syrians are killing Syrians and Egyptians are killing Egyptians. Why do all Arab countries blame all their problems on Israel? They hate each other as much as they hate Jews.

I see the Hamas Cabana Boy is on a roll today... methamphetamines perhaps?

NEVER has Israel completely halted expansion with settlements into the occupied territories.

The settlements are considered illegal by the entire world community, what does that tell you?

Israel = USA AllyHamas, Hezbollah, PLO, ......Not so much........nuff said

Here come all the lying, computer jihadi wannabes. Facts are like water off a ducks back to them. They #$%$ in their hands but consider pork to be unclean. They would readily fire shots at your wife and kids and then go hide behind their own children and cry when retaliated upon. They accuse Jews and Christians of doing the very things that they do. They lie for a living, they propagate irrational hate based on lies and revisionist history, they'd sell their mother for an AK47 and then strap a suicide bomb on their son or daughter. Pathetic cowards of the lowest sort.

Arab mantra: hate, hate, hate....Netanyahu, "We are surrounded by haters. Only Israel, with God's help, can endure the mindless Islamist's threats and carnage. I wonder when rocket shells will be launched into our nation again?"

The only warmongering, saber-rattling country louder than Israel is North Korea so spare us this non-sense story.

Obama's visit is just a photo opportunity for him. When he stands next to Bibi with his phony smile he'll be twisting Bibi's arm and whispering into his ear that Israel better submit to the palistinians. Obama is an empty suit.Khazar Judaists will never be free people because their murder, torture, and land theft will follow them wherever they go.  They are victims of their own crimes locked into a forever jail of their own making.  No wonder they always say they are victims and we are "anti-Judaist"; the fact is they created themselves as victims  and we hate them because they are murderers and thieves.

lmao their as bad as the Germanskill kill kill take take take lie lie lie.they kill with guns tanks cluster bombs while the world watches Palestine throw rocks.arm the Palestinians and we will see how long Israel continues to do this

What is the border of Israel and why can't they live inside it?Until I hear a credible answer, I want all military foreign aid money to be with held and used to help Americans living in the USA.

Thanks RC I guess my post must have been deleted. The truth is a bummer for the zios

The "new" government wants  "piece" of Iran, Syria, Egypt, Iraq, Libya, Georgia, Africa, Russia, USA, and any other country it thinks it can conquer.

israeli bakers surely know how to lure and get the money out of america

The people of Gaza will have peace when they kick out the foreign dogs from Iran and rule themselves with a proper government

Bibi is the father of all lies, he should have been assassinated years ago.

Samantha = PIG and w...h....o.....r....e

We are from other Arab countries and have no nameso we went looking for land and someone to blameAll our Arab brothers just threw us outBut give us money for weapons to kill and to shoutLets kill the Jews and take all their landthe oil hungry nations will just understandA lot of countries don't really careon 9/11 when we danced in the airSo lets overthrow Israel and tell you it's minethis fictional place called Palestine .It is obvious that peace is a pipedream.  The only people that want peace are the civilians who are caught in the crossfire, and their voices are never going to be heard.  The so-called international community can whine about the "illegality" of settlements all it wants, it won't change a thing.  There are half a million Jews living in the WB, and they are not going anywhere.  One fifth of the population of the WB is already Jewish.  The Arabs have already lost this fight.  They could have had a state back in 2000, but chose to continue the conflict instead.  The Arabs are going to be squeezed out, and that is all they deserve.Lieberman is right.  The idea that there will ever be two states is delusional.

@ask....lets review....who crashed airplanes Into to the twin towers and the pentagon? ARABS.Who  was an army major named Hassan who killed 20 unarmed soldiers and wounded another 30 soldiers at Ft Hood?  An ARAB traitor.Who killed 500 US marines in Lebanon?  ARABS.Who killed over 85,000 civilians in Syria? ARABSStinking murdering ARABS.

Fat Bibi should have been a comedian.No one takes him seriously any more..-S/T

Netanyahu's plan for peace. Exterminate all the jews ..oh wait I meant Palestinians and there will be peace.

Dedicated to the people that know right from wrong.Palistine the greatest hoaxA lie to the world on ignorant folksThat belive in a place that has never beenBy a teroist nation thats really a sinTheir leaderr arafart was a total charadeThat had sex with boys and died of aids.So remember this when you use your brainSupporting terroism is just insane

Netanyahu the King who wore no cloths !!!  I wonder if the narcissistic fool has any idea the world is laughing at him and his delusional statements ??

After Israel has murdered 100,00 muslim women &amp; children!

YOU ARE LYING NETANYAHU - you people only want peace if the Palestinians agree to your demands...you damn Jews are something else - They should be looking to change their patterns of behavior that has kept them in and out of trouble for the past 1000 years! Look at what Israel just admitted to doing to the Black Ethopian Jewish women living there because they only believe that the European Jews are the true Jews.... The Jewish government systematically gave them drugs to make them infertile to decrease their numbers... Imagine - in this day and age.. Un- #$%$- believable.... that is a form of Holocaust in itself.. NEVER FORGET??? YOU #$%$ HYPOCRITES!!!! Look at what the Jews are doing to the Palestinians in their own land..That is a Holocaust..Look through history.. it is the same thing over and over with these people.. Jews come into a country poor and then rise up and become rich and then think their #$%$ doesn't stink.. They get snotty and believe they deserve everything.. Then the people of that country get fed up with them and they kill them and kick them out.. It is a cycle that has repeated itself with these people for 1000s of years..From Russia to Spain and every country in between.. Look at the Jews now here in America.. It is the same #$%$ with them only this government will protect them from suffering the same fate as all of their ancestors.Look at Bernie Madoff - the ultimate symbol of Jewish greed and arrogance... What he did to all of those people is a financial holocaust!!!!!. Why does this pattern continue with these people throughout the centuries?? Ask yourself that question..

Lebanese are AWESOME!Lebanese singer/model Haifa Wehbe performing liveYOUTUBE

Normalizing the Nightmare - Recognizing Israel means to give up their right of return, stated under international Law their right to their homeland their own right to exist. Normalizing Occupation Genocide demolished homes/schools/towns forbidden streets children born dead at check points roads only for Israelis ethnic cleansing murder 700 checkpoints in West Bank dally harassment from settlers from Russia USA Canada supported with the IOF to free movement between the towers on the WALL. That's not normal .Lot's of Jew haters and Libs on this morning.  Is this a government paid holiday?  Or are you posting instead of wasting our money from work?  Well then, keep posting I guess..

Contrary to the disinformation spewed by israel's internet PR team..ALL of the Arab parties have agreed to recognize israel and have offered peace in exchange for israel returning the land it stole..and dismantling the ILLEGALLY occupied territories. Arafat..the PLO..the Arab League...even Hamas have all made this offer. israel has refused it....

I love Israel, but Benny wants peace like I want a relationship after a 1 night stand.

To all anti-Zionists.If you deny Jewish people right for self-determination in Land of Israel - you're not much better than N@zis, you're still gravely endangering Jewish continuity but in a slightly different way.Arabs have 20+ states, muslims have 50+ states, neither arab language or muslim religion are in danger; jews are clinging to one and only jewish state.and your siding with enemies of israel speaks volumes about you.

It's NOT what He looked like.It's WHAT He DID!

You can extend your hand in peace all you want but we all KNOW thats NOT what the word "palestinian" was MADE UP for. "palestinian" is about taking MORE LAND. And stirring up sh......t!!

The arabs don't want peace. They just want to rid Israel of all the jews, and then turn it into another arab sheethole country with no jobs and no future for their young. Typical arab country.

There is no country called palestine.  There are no people called palistinians.  Just mongrel arabs, looking for handouts, beating their women, and sleeping with their sheep.

Courtier--it is not working out--there will be no peace for Israel because the Arabs hate Israel--it stems back to the children of Abraham.   Israel gave land back --but the way I see it--it just gave Hamas a chance to get closer to fire into Israel--There is going to be a terrible war there--I have  already the Bible,read for yourself--Ezekiel 38.but then when things look the worse--Jesus will come and fight for Israel---you can believe it-or-not--but just wait and see!

Balderdash, hogwash, #$%$, blather, bunkum, claptrap, drivel, garbage, idiocy, nonsense, piffle, poppycock, rigmarole, rubbish, tomfoolery, trash, twaddle. Informal: tommyrot, applesauce, baloney, bilge, bull, bunk, hooey, malarkey. Everything the US government says is a lie; everything the Israeli spews is a damn lie.Well thats good to hear but you know what when the peace does happen and it wont be for long because you got to remember the hoily temple is to be destroyed and rebuilt three times prior to the return of JESUS CHRIST ,well guess what all it that has to be done is to rebuild the temple yes and that would be number three the number of GOD ,so get ready you sinners !

As long as Israel steals Palestinian land, there is no peace.

The land belongs to the Jews and was given to them by God. I wouldn't compromise but If he thinks it will work, more power to him.

Bibi the Jewi is offering a generous peace offer.You folks expect peace from him??Must be a real sucker to believe him.

Bottom line there is PEACE and will never be PEACE in that region under occupation. Real lasting peace could happen when both parties are strong, rich and independents. Got the picture brothers and sisters. NO PEACE with OCCUPATION and POVIRTY.

Jews do well, anti-Semites are getting sick. Verbose posting releive their anxiety.

That's great but the Palestinians and the rest of the Middle East don't really want peace.

Well, hurry up and make peace with each other cause I'm sick of this SH#T already!

Only a blind fool or a sadist/amoral person would support the Zionists Regime...

bin laden is a para stinkian hero. They love him. How about youThe mooseslimes do not!They do not distribute anything but hate and war!

Oh i see,  that's why they keep ignoring the rest of the world's calls to halt building on lands that were marked as part of the palestine state.   Thanks for clearing this up.

yeah those darn security threats ! Like the 84 year old man and 14 year old girl picking olives ! They had to be shot such a big threat they had to go !

how does one negotiate peace with people who are pledged to kill every last one of your people? not gonna happen, i strongly suggest we get on the side of Isreal, what is about to be a sruggle of Blblical proportions

"Arabs declared after the Six-Day War:"There are no differences between Jordanians, Palestinians, Syrians and Lebanese. We are all part of one nation. It is only for political reasons that we carefully underline our Palestinian identity... yes, the existence of a separate Palestinian identity serves only tactical purposes. The founding of a Palestinian state is a new tool in the continuing battle against Israel".- Zuhair Muhsin, military commander of the PLO and member of the PLO Executive Council -"

Palestinian Belly Dancer Janelle Issis on So You Think You Can Dance 6.6.2012

"The Israeli Dancer: Dani Dassa" PROMO REEL

Satanyahu I have a question. What do you have to do with peace?

Salem Halak

hahaha .......... LOFLFFS ............ since when have JEWS desired peace ??????????LOFLFFS .,.....................Israel is ready for concessions?  In other words, we want the Palestinians to concede while we continue to do what we want.

Hope Obama can't even find peace in his Senate give me a break photo op

netenyahoo is cooking up a great peace plan for America and iran im sure

I guess Nehatanyu got the message the only solution to this situation is to sit and talk, that does not mean they can reach an agreement but at the same time if they talk there is a posibility that and agreement is possible.I have the feeling tha most Israelies want to live in peace with its neighbors it will be good for Israel economy and good for the whole region, I hope President Obama going to Israel an Palestine could bring fresh ideas to find a solution to a situation that is too complicate!Ideassoul

no amount of PR will ever cleanse israels bloody hands

"Willing to make concessions for real peace"?  Goody, goody, Bibi, build another neighborhood and hire a hard $%#@ project manager!

The San Remo Treaty of 1920, in which the victorious World War I allies dealt with the remnants of the defeated Ottoman Turkish Empire, created an entity called Palestine along both sides of the Jordan River. The powers intended it as the land on which Great Britain would turn its 1917 Balfour Declaration from aspiration to reality, assisting the Zionist movement in re-establishing the Jewish national home.The Franco-British Boundary Convention of 1920 demarcated the French mandate for what would become Syria and Lebanon from that of the British in Palestine. This was in part to prepare for the Jewish state.Article 6 of the League of Nations’ 1922 Palestine Mandate encouraged “close Jewish settlement” on the land west of the Jordan River. The mandate encouraged settlement only west of the river because Great Britain in the same year unilaterally severed Transjordan (today’s Jordan) from Palestine, creating a new Arab country.The Anglo-American Convention of 1924 saw the United States endorse British administration of the remaining Palestine Mandate lands, so long as London helped bring a Jewish state into being.The 1945 U.N. Charter, Chapter XII, Article 80, continues Jewish rights recognized under the Mandate. It protects “the rights whatsoever of any states or any peoples or the terms of existing international instruments” and is sometimes known as “the Palestine article.”

I always clone David Rosenthal.Me and Pal take turns cloning Pook, Ishy, Stop Hate, CC, Equalizer, Peace or Bust, etc.

There will be a peace deal, it will be a land for peace deal in which Israel agrees to give up land to the Palestinians for certain rights (such as the right to build a temple).  This peace agreement will be headed by Obama and will last for 7 years.   Problem is, there will be no peace.  Are you ready for this?

I am a proud Christian Zionist.  My church group travels to the Great land of Israel every year.  I love Israel and the Jewish people.  :)Everybody wants peace, but not as much as they want the other guy's land, even when there isn't any oil or water on it.

The Truth about Israel - Zionism &amp; Oilyoutube

yah sure terrorist state want peace with eating more and more palestinian land

Human trash,. Liar schemer, scammer and SC*M!Look at HISTORY the JEW has never told the TRUTH!

Sabah &amp; Rola - Yana Yanayoutube

No human will bring peace to this part of the world,ever! Good luck Bibi.

"God Bless PalestineThe Land that once was greennow it is taken over by the evil forcesIsraelis are so cruel, so mean!"

I ❤ PEACE ... I ❤ PALESTINE

When the JEW INTERNET TROLLS don't like the way the comments are going. They steal your ID and spam. Anything to hide and corrupt the truth. They are perfect laboratory specimens of israel. Hypocrites..and sneaky thieves and liars..

Netanyahu was told by voters to fix the weak Economy.  Citizens are suffering as the lack of Government funding is hurting everyone.  The billions of dollars given over the years by the US was used to build new homes on Palestine land and the Weapons Dome. US Congress is asking members to again pass a large aid check to Israel but the fear is Obama will veto it.  Yes Congress sees cutting Federal Programs and raising taxes on the Middle Class/Poor to help with the debt.  Congress refused an increase in wages saying people get paid to much already.  Wealthy supporters demand larger tax breaks and continue the loopholes used.  Netanyahu will try to used Peace as a way to get the money or he will have to answer to citizens.  The United States has funded Israel since 1947 when the United Nations approved the exile Jews from the Holocaust be allowed to settle on the land.  Israel has no recourses of its own and by taking control of Iran, it means Israel would have the third largest oil producing country and money.  McCain and Romney promised once they win the office of the US President they would have the USA invade/bomb Iran for Israel.  Israel will have to wait until the United States elects a Republican/Tea Party President in office who will then bomb Iran and give Israel enough money to fix their weak economy.That cake looks nasty

Obama = POS Muz/zie!

IF.......... the Hand of God was NOT over Israel, she would have been gone so long ago because "allah, the moon god" doesn't have any hands, it only has a BIG FAT MOUTH FLAPPING IN THE WIND, UTTERING BLASPHEMYS AND CONSUMING ALL IN IT'S PATH!!............................with hate.

Hope? NOPE!!

Yeah, a peace of our hides.

If BS was electricity then Netanyahu would be a f'in power plant.  This guy speaks out of both sides of his face.  Take more land, beat up on the little guys and call it self defense!  We need to reexamine our middle east alliances.  No more throwing good money after bad to these warmongers!

Peace can be achieved if we stop the $5b aid to Israel very year unless they return the occupied land to the Plestinians and stop race seggregation on buses.

We can all hope

We shall see, Mr. Netanyahu!  I hope you are sincere, but, when you also say, "Israel...is ready for concessions...and the situation today is no different," forgive me if I am skeptical.

Remember Place you neg on live T.V You want peace prove itIsrael ALONE and SMALLEST in the Middle East. Yet THE HAND OF GOD IS OVER HER, AMEN &amp; SHALOM ISRAEL!!!

Nothing has changed in the last twenty years: Europe, the Arab states and their Palestinian clients are aiming to create a state west of Jordan as a springboard from which to eliminate the Jewish énclave; the Americans are just guarding their interests without "offending anyone", while the Europeans are preserving their Arab-Islamic oil, whatever the cost to a Jewish Israel that is stubbornly insisting on preventing a Palestinian state and assuring its own survival.Like Hitler, the Arabs have learned how to exploit the much-admired European notion of national self determination as a means of extending hegemony over all of Israel.If Hitler’s club was the threat of war, the Arabs’ weapon is terrorism.The dark irony is that the Europeans who are supporting the Palestinians' "right of return" are living in homes stolen from Jews they helped to gas.

IF he is telling the truth - God bless him.  But I don't think there's a snowball's chance in hell of there ever being peace.

It's always something with this netanyahu clown, always some "security" reason preventing him from making peace and this lieberman thing deserves life in prison, he is nothing but a dirty criminal dressed up and playing politician.

Yeh right!  As long as Paletinians  are circled in a minimum land with no access, no viable economy or self determination, and have no weapons to defend themselves! If this bigoted racist wanted peace, he would have done it in the 90s!

Two thumbs up! Protect your people first and then take care of the infidels.

Islam is a devil religion.

Feeling sorry for a jew supremacist would be like feeling sorry for someone who swam half way across a ocean to a Island inhabited by cannibals.Would you feel sorry for that person when they complain of being surrounded by water?Would you feel sorry for that person when the Cannibals eat them when he tries to steal from them or kill the fellow Cannibals?

Bulldoze the temple mount and the dome of the rock and build a park for the children instead!

What does the sign say above the nursery in a Palestinian maternity ward? "Live ammunition."The Palestinians do not like peace.

Netanyahu said that the first "concession" he was willing to make would be to only build 9,990 new houses on Palestinian land instead of the original 10,000.

Israel does not seek peace with Iran, and certainly not with Palestine. Besieged Palestinian Gaza is an experiment in provocation. Stuff one and a half million people into a tiny space, stifle their access to water, electricity, food and medical treatment, destroy their livelihoods, and humiliate them regularly...and, surprise, surprise - they turn hostile. Now why would you want to make that experiment? Because the hostility you provoke is the whole point. Now under attack you can cast yourself as the victim, and call out the helicopter gunships and the F16 attack fighters and the heavy tanks and the guided missiles, and destroy yet more of the pathetic remains of infrastructure that the Palestinian state still has left. And then you can point to it as a hopeless case, unfit to govern itself, a terrorist state, a state with which you couldn't possibly reach an accommodation. And then you can carry on with business as usual, quietly stealing their homeland.

Israel does not want Palestinians dead - they just want to live in their land God gave to them - that is it -

God is with Israel

Obama to Ben:  "I brought a blank check or do you prefer cash?"

There is No Hope with Obama!!

An amazingly colorful display of ruffled feathers and shrill squawks, wild grimaces, the shaking of fists and the stamping of cloven hooves. And it achieved the intended results as the people of the world clapped their hands over their ears, unable to listen to any other speakers other than the strident and never-ending primordial howl of the Ruffle Crested Jews begging God to make their whines go away

You just labeled gaza a prison. You just announced that you are taking the lands to the south for war practice. You are a liar and a thief. America hates you.

LOOL Ishy, I was kidding dude! If I have to say something I will say it on here!Israel runs the Hasbara Project, a cabinet level dept, designed to roam the internet and post comments on articles. Also they are trained to insult and disparage anyone who criticizes Israel or jews. They even have a manual to train these pitiful recruits. Google "Hasbara trolls".

When nobody likes you and nobody gets along with you except your very rich and powerful mammy and daddy, there may be something wrong with you.Maybe, just maybe it is that people may not like your behavior.  And if mammy and daddy doesn't tell you to behave and keeps getting you out of trouble it is because they are spoiling you.

There will never be peace because the muslims will just demand more and more and more and more and more....

Full circle, now it is we want peace . . . after they steal land and assassinate civilians for their lands, then they round up the leaders and someone in israel will say, "we have no one to negotiate with."  Then every few days we get a holocaust story (they do not even bother mentioning the sacrifice Americans made during WWII), then they go to another country and and create terrorism so they can blame it on Hezbollah (a group no different than the zionist extremists).

I see a hoard of Jewish Supremacist are censoring the truth from being told..........Removing posts with factual statements that expose Israel for the apartheid ethnocracy it is.How Jewish of you(:

Many comments are posted without historical insight questioning the right of Israel to the land.  There is only one ethnic group that can lay claim to the land. It is not owned by them, but they were given an eternal lease on the rights to that area. They lost those rights every time they turned their backs on their Benefactor (that would be God).  Each time they were conquered and dispersed,  repentance and reconciliation restored the nation.The last time was at the end of WW2 when the U.N. in 47 or 48 "gave them" (what a joke) one the the worst pieces of real estate on the face of the earth that was already theirs. The response of the Arab world was to attack the nation of Israel.Palestine was the name given to the area by the Brits. The people in the area were nomads, Arabs, and Jews. The Palestinians have no historical claim to any land yet Arafat used them to commit terrorist acts and kept the people in poverty while he died with a 300 million estate.The Arab states lost any credibility after the 1967, six day war, and have since used the land issue to further the genocide of a group of people that have given more to the world then they have ever taken.And if you don't understand any of that, wrap your head around this. Why should any nation struggling to survive, when attacked,  give any portion of conquered land back to the attackers, especially when it creates a buffer to help keep the nation safe.

The latest Gallop Poll shows five times as many Americans support Israel as support the Palestinians in spite of Muslim propaganda and lib control of the media which will not write anything favourable about the only democratic, free state in the entire Middle East.

The Jews fought for that land and won they weren't the aggressor so tuff #$%$

Time to go take on the day :)Praise the Lord God of Israel!! He has blessed us with another day to pray for our brothers and sisters in Israel, amen &amp; shalom Israel!

Gosh, do you think money and power have anything to do with this?  LMAO"That is why the first priority in the course of the new government will be the protection of the state and its citizens," he said.   Put another way, Israel will continue stealing Palestinian land, denigrating their people, and asking the US for more $$$$.

Yeah yeah yeah, so the previous government didn't want peace? Netanyahu is even worse than those Islamic leaders.

God bless Bibi and God bless Israel, amen!

So, will the "palestinians" want to make NUCLEAR WEAPONS just like iran?

Bibi Netanyahoo is talking about peace just a day before Obama is going to see him. Obama is going to offer billions to him for his peace offer. Obama is going to leave Israel, Bibi is going to forget about peace and send bulldozers to destroy palestinian homes and build more Jewish settlements. Israel 1  US 0.

Israel is doing well: Iron Dome is working, separation barrier is working. No fiscal cliff, no amnesty to 55m of Mexicans (11m + 11m future spouses + 33m future kids.) Abbas term as president had expired long ago. The sun smiles at Israel's children. Arabs do not like their children that much.

The false flag Khazar Judaists continue the brutal occupation of Palestine and want to attack Iran.  Real Jews, indiginous to the area want peace but how can they rid themselves of the Khazar Judaists is a big problem.  We can't rid the USA of them either.  No wonder Hitler placed them in work camps.

Aaaaaaaaaannnnnnddddddd so begins the process of Obama throwing Israel under the bus. Step 1: Call for "de-escalation" but ignore Hamas rockets. Step 2: Act outraged when Israel responds to continued rocket fire, call it an "escalation." Step 3: Condemn Israel's "escalation" as they respond to continued rockets falling on them from Gaza. Step 4: Threaten Israel with sanctions for their "aggression" and begin expressing more and more sympathy for the "plight" of the poor, poor Palestinians.

Time is running out on these bandits. This Euro trash that grabbed the Palestinians land and sucked America into their quagmire are finally being exposed and cut loose.

This guy LOATHES the Palestinian people - except when it comes to building illegal settlements on their land.Nut&amp;yahoo - if you want peace stop oppression of Palestinians, stop the settlements and stop drawing red lines to start a war against Iran.

Israel has no partner to negotiate with.  The "partners" they have are hell bent on destruction.  They don't recognize Israels' right to exist, - how do you negotiate with them?  There is no "good will" to be seen from the arabs.

Lies! Take a look at a 1950 map of Israel territory!Then 1960, 1970, 1980, 1990, &amp; today!the Pals don't have much left!ha HaThe lies!Thank YOU Zionism!Stop YOUR New World Order!Give up YOUR IMF plan to control the worlds finances!Jesus overturned the money changers tables once, he will do it again!Say NO to the New World Order &amp; the Murder &amp; mayhem in Africa &amp; the Middle east!Say NO to 30,000 drones in the USA.Say no to the fluoride in the water! Hitler did that!Say no to gun confiscation! Hitler did that!Say no to micro chipping our kids, in Texas and California?Soon, YOU all will be chipped or no bank account, no social security check, mo pension check, no job, etc. No food stamps! People will line up to be enslaved!BUT, alas you were warned, it's in the Bible!God help us all, I pray!If there were Aliens out there watching this whole show, they would run to the next Galaxy to get as far from humans as possible! Murder and Mayhem everywhere! What 50 million natives killed (eliminated) in South America from 1900-2000Do I really have to go on!wake up!rick

Flip flop just like that Romney guy in the stated who had about 6 different incarnations of himself!

Yup all the Palestinians have to do is cede control of the majority the territory to the Jewish expansionist and provocateurs and the Jews zealots just might let them keep the Gaza strip..

Jewish deal: "We control your land,sea,and sky borders all natural resources, and money...and you can hoist your flag."

Israel wanting peace. That woul;d be the first time in 6000 yers that the peopl of Iael weren't ready to engage the "Unchosen ones".

israel's internet nutcases have turned the Yahoo boards into a cesspool..Stealing real Americans IDs..fear and hate and war mongering and pumping out disinformation 24/7...Anything these sleazebags can do to create chaos and confuse real American readers of these comments..

This guy like ALL JEWS is HUMAN TRASH! A liar &amp; con man! He wants American children DYING to protect &amp; perpetuate the JEW is the middle-east!

The Jews didnt steal anything, THEY MADE IT UP THEMSELVES!(Israel's) "Likud (party)... to advance law of "Jewish state" - The law will state that the Jewish character of the state overpowers democratic values. The new Basic law makes Israel's democratic principles subservient to the country's Jewish character." From Haaretz (Israeli newspaper) Shocker huh?

Observation: Jews justify the murders of Non-Jews... Then cry anti-Semites when the world hates them for their inhumanity... Well, sane people generally hate Murderers...

bad jew bad jew what u gonna do what u gonna do when they come for u

Israel's prime minister said Monday that his new government was extending its hand in peace to the Palestinians, IF they will let us keep stealing their land with new settlements.after we have ALL of their land, they can work the fields for us.declaring that he is ready to make a "historic compromise"  WE EVEN VOW TO USE VASELINE,  if they return to the negotiating table on their hands and knees.

Jews make anti-Semites go bananas.

Whats with the picture of the Devil and Hope written underneath?

Israel's Netanyahu says new government wants peace... Really???

I wish they had a picture of Jesus instead of Obama.

Peace?  It is a joke.They will fight for thousands of years to come.Watch and see folks.........

Peace? Stop expanding settlements and you will need generation to erase the hate. Fanatics on both sides makes it hard. Good luck to all if you are being sincere!Fastest road to peace would be to arm the Palestinians so that they have equal forces to Israel...  suddenly living in a settlement on stolen land might be a bit less attractive.

The use of the internationally banned substance white phosphorus and depleted uranium in highly densely populated areas of the Gaza Strip gives new meaning to the phrase “Jew power”: white Jew supremacy enforced by the latest advanced weaponry. And not only white phosphorus, but also the latest in bunker buster bombs, unmanned drones, not to mention U.S. made F-16 fighter jets, apache helicopters etc. all being used to target children and civilians including U.N. schools, Red Cross ambulances, and any infrastructure that could collectively punish all of the people who are in the open air prison camp.

Peace will truly only come to Palestine when all the zionists go back to the countries they came from, wheather it's europe or anywhere else.

OFFICIAL MOSSAD MOTTO:"Through deception thou shalt do war"

and let the 7 years of peace begin......

MR Netaayaho have to prove each american waht that means.. American never ever belived to occuoy anyone else land ,, not deprived being having full right to exsist as nation to anyone,, Humbug are alwyas humbug ,, it is chracter of ice to make feel cold in any situation,, what is your true COLOUR  MR PM Netayahu.. Do u want to drag our boyes and g grile to come home as handicapped.. we still suffering of your false matter on Iraq as massdistruction chemical and so on....... YOu better leave us alone so people of Israel also have Peace with each nation on EarthDO not try to seel yourself like used car saleperson asyou sold  to Bush family..

How many new settlements and how much more land is being seized. Sure they want peacelike the gambler who cheats at the table wants to leave with all the money.  The right wing settler movements will never agree till they get ever bit of land..... It's all about land... Money grubbing and land. This is dead right now. there is no hope.

Peace? When, where, how? And what more costs can you possibly exact from the Palestinian people? The real joke is on how much the Israel lobby has exacted from America, sadly, in terms of Palestinian lives.

How about this for a palestian anthemwe are from other arab countries and have no nameso we went looking for land and someone to blameAll our arabs brothers just threw us outBut give us money for weapons to kill and shoutLets kill the jews and take their landthe oil hungry nations will just understandA lot of countries don't really careon 9/11 when we danced in the airSo lets overthrow Israel and tell you it's minethis fictional place called palestine.

Israel= Give us the rest of your land, remain poor and illiterate, remain second class citizens and we can have peace!Over 65% of Americans, support Israel........

Israel must understand........Terrorist do not want peace no matter what concessions Israel makes. Terrorist only know how to kill innocent people in the name of their false God....Allah.

Social media erupted as viewers of the History Channel’s new miniseries “The Bible” noticed a resemblance between the character of Satan and US President Barack ObamaWASHINGTON, March 18 (RIA Novosti) – Cable television’s History Channel miniseries “The Bible” has created a social media firestorm in the United States after viewers of Sunday night’s episode took to Facebook and Twitter noticing an uncanny resemblance between the character Satan and US President Barack Obama.Conservative television host Glenn Beck tweeted his observations in a post that was shared hundreds of times across the micro-blogging site.

HOLY LAND OR HOMELAND: In the Hebrew Bible the geographic area roughly corresponding to the land of Palestine (between the River Jordan &amp; the Mediterranean Sea) is mostly called the “land of Canaan.” The area “never served as a homeland for the ‘children of Israel,’ &amp; for this reason, among others, they never refer to it as ‘the Land of Israel.’” Most Israelis, Prof Sand argues, are not aware that the term is not found in  Hebrew Bible “in its inclusive meaning” of a wide geographic area

No peace as long Israel exists.

The Palis don't want peace.  What would they do with their time if they couldn't whine, protest and throw rocks at the Israelis?  Actually have a life?  Get serious...

All muslims are driven insane having a Jewish state in the heart of the muslim world.Israel will never submit to Islam!Any peace in the mideast will only be a false peace.

The overarching strategy of israel's internet shills is to set up a straw man...demonize all Muslims..in all contexts..in all media venues..at all times. It keeps the billions flowing to israel. And to create sympathy for themselves as victims of "anti-semites". And with the Jew's control of all media...it's incredibly easy for them to do.

Every time Israel offers an open peaceful hand to the rug suckers, they get a really vicious bite in return.  You'd think the Israelis' would wise up eventually.  These camel jockies will never be at peace...when they are not fighting an outsider, they are killing each other.  Their religion has no morality, or accepted since of honor....they are encouraged to do any act, tell any lie, and/or break any agreement to succeed.

Yassar Arafat was the original terrorist and murderer. The day Israel forgets this they will pay dearly. The international Muslim community has turned the tide of American support for Israel.The common Muslim criminal in the WH will see that American support of Israel dries up. Then the Iranian and Egypt hardliners will squash Israel and America will be next.But the tide of tea drinkers in America will think it will be a safer world without Israel.They will be very wrong but by then it will be too late. The Jihadist cells in America willlet loose their one thousand bombers on Americans and blood will fill every gutter.its like a dog and a jackal fighting over the cartileges of a cadaver.  One holds a hammer and the other a stone, lets them fight each other unto death and lets leave Jerusalem to the vultures.

Did you ever notice how Obama always stops in Chicago to pick up friends before he goes somewhere?  Before he went golfing with Tiger, he stopped in Chicago and picked up friends.  Before Israel, he stopped in Chicago to pick up friends.  There isn't any money for children to see the White House, but there's plenty for Obama to pick up friends to enjoy travel on Air Force One!

yep, born liars, land thieves, murderers, money launderers, sex slave traders you name it, its in their genes and they wanna make peace LOL

The words Israel's Netanyaho and peace should not be in the same sentence because this clown is the last person who wants peace.

Iran and this president will still paint him as being unreasonable.

I like when Jewish zealots expansionist and provocateurs expose their lecherous ways to world opinion !!

Settlements=Palestinian land theft.

Bibi knows it won't happen. He's setting them up to take the blame. He tried. They fired missiles.

#$%$ are like niggies.  Always have their hands out.  Always be hatin on the white man and the Jews.  They remind much of Obama supporters.  We's got Obama money.

Nut and yahoo is notin but a nutI am currently cloning David Rosenthal.

REALITY CHECK and his multiple ID's is the King of spam.  He has been sitting on his butt 24/7 for years spamming the boards.  He began the cloning, published his personel information to try to look like a war hero, while supporting all of America's enemies.  He is a Traitor, he recruits like minded Jihad supporters.  He smears his smutt all over the internet.  A Traitor.

Geez Henry, You know Hamas and the PA pretty well, but..........they want ALL of Israel and the Jews driven into the sea.   They will fail.

If Arabs weren't hostile to Israel as a National Home of Jewish people - the Arab Palestinian State would be 60+ years old by now prospering alongside Israel!And Israeli public opinion would not be so far to the right as it is today (the rise of Naftali Bennett and his party), and everyone knows why it is!

trivia time. who introduced terrorism to the mideast? zionazis introduced terrorism with the king david hotel bombing. then after that the 438 villages and towns destroyed by the zionazis. the deir yassin massacre being just 1 of them.

Right now Netanyahu is between a rock and a hard place...He wants to be Prime Minister so bad that he condescends, cowers, grovels and squirms...no integrity!!!!  He's an Albatross around the USA's neck...its time the robust country stood on its own...

Of course they want peace now they stole all the land already

What PEACE? NO Peace with the illegal settlements in the West Bank.Netanyahu is a big fat Liar

As long as the US arms one side of the conflict we're wasting our time trying to bring peace with the war mongers in Israel. Make them pay for their own military and watch how fast peace comes.

Do you think Obama will place a wreath on Arafats grave? Will be interesting to see what Obama will do.... Not laying a wreath will be seen as an insult to Palestinians while doing so would be seen in negative terms by some Israelis... what do you think?3 anti-Semites and 15 email accounts. Arab immigrants' hope for publicity.

The reason Hasbara is working overtime is that when Obama visits Palestine this week, the USA will see that israel is the aggressor and sentiments will change...

Israeli Zionist Juews lie, lie and lie.  Even a Juewish President has said the same about Benjamin Netanyahu......  The world has been imploring Israel to comply!!!  Yet it's alwys the same with the Israelis...

israelis are like mosquitoes, you have to kill them to get them to stop sucking you dry.

Ben's favorite word?  Subjugation.

If the Jewish zealots truly wanted peace they ain't going to find it through lecherous expansionism and provocation !!

Israel is THE only function democracy in the entire middle east...the citizens of Israel enjoy a lifestyle and freedoms that are not available in any of the Muslim countries...now that is the simple truth...the Muslims kill each other over such important disagreements as to which goat Mohammed preferred to sleep with...sorry, but Islam is not compatable with the modern world...

Peace will never be achieved with American involvement.Through American involvement, the Palestinians have become too weak and fragmented to seriously negotiate peace.  And, through American involvement, the Israelis have become too strong and self-assured to seriously negotiate peace.Unless and until there is an unbiased interlocutor and more fair and balanced approach, peace will never ensue.  It's really very simple - No Justice, No Peace!

As long as Israel is filled with Europeans from Russia, Poland and Ukraine, there is no peace at all.

Muslim immigrants and students are tripping here.I say, stop TSA gropers at the airports and no visas to muslims."Real peace" to Israel is the continuing subjugation of Palestinians.

PEACE? More like 65+ of crimes crimes crimes and LIES. IsraHell Built On LIES.

There was a Nation before every Nation on the planet earth... but no Nation has the right to commit genocide or militarily takeover someone else’s land...boo boo Israel ~ The TERRORIST State

thats funny-i just got this recent article on yahoo apprx 12hours later:Israeli leader says peace hopes 'delusional'so which is it yahoo?  what will you froce feed us into believing today?/

Israels use of White Phosphorus attacks on women and Children here is a description of the after math."I saw two dead babies who, when taken from a mortuary drawer in West Beirut during the Israeli siege of the city, suddenly burst back into flames," Robert Fisk

"The State of 'Palestine' Quiz: 1. When was the country of "Palestine" founded and by whom? 2. What were it's borders? 3. What was it's capital? 4. What were it's major cities? 5. Name at least one "Palestinian"leader before Arafat? 6. What was the language of the "country of Palestine"? 7. What was the prevalent religion of "The ancient country of Palestine"? 8. What was the name of its currency? 9. Choose any date in history and tell what was the approximate exchange rate of the "Palestinian" monetary unit against the US dollar, German Mark, GB Pound, Japanese Yen, or Chinese Yuan on that date? 10. Since there is no such country of "Palestine" today, what caused its demise and when did it occur? 11. Why did "the Palestinians" never try to become independent until after the devastating defeat of invading Arab states in the 1967 six day war?

Save a J00.Donate generously to your local "Relocate Israel to Africa" fund.Doing the "right thing" always brings peace..-S/T

There will be peace in Israel when Palestinian mothers learn to love their children more than they hate Israel.

No matter what, the Israelis will be respectful of the office of the President of the United States.

Instead of the word hope, it should be dope.The Arabs have a lot of lands at disposal, they can just re-settle the Palestinians and that settles the problem once and for all. I know it might be painful but its possible.

"Jews lie; Muslims dieCan't trust them even if they cry"

First they took over Palestine...Then they framed Hamas as Terrorists/Militants...But no matter what they do, one fact remains: Land thieves (Israel) can never be the original owners of the land...Palestinians need to be RESCUED...

Fat Bibi is going to teach Obama Israel's "fight song" for "peace":Steal and build, build and steal.Keep the status quo.Steal and build, build and steal.Over their land we go.-S/T

"Israelis have made the life of Palestinians a living hellMay they burn eternally in hell" (Ameen!)

#$%$! C'mon Bibi nobody believes that. Obama is on his way and all of a sudden the Israeli government wants peace? Pinocchio Paul Ryan must be advising you.

As long as Hamas has Palestinian children to sacrifice.....there will  be no peace....it is too profitable, and the cost of living in Paris, and Tehran keeps rising....

Peace will come but not by obama or any other man but when jesus comes back.

For Netanyahu, there's no peace until Hezbollah, Hamaz and Iran are wiped off the earth.

We are from other Arab countries and have no nameso we went looking for land and someone to blameAll our Arab brothers just threw us outBut give us money for weapons to kill and to shoutLets kill the Jews and take all their landthe oil hungry nations will just understandA lot of countries don't really careon 9/11 when we danced in the airSo lets overthrow Israel and tell you it's minethis fictional place called Palestine .There is no peace in that region for last 2500 years. How Ben can achieve that in few years?

All these things are happening right on time,especially the visit,Europe stealing from banks,the 'new black pope',it really facinating,this watchmen is watching!

A "historic compromise" is just what is needed-comprende las palabras del que murio en la cruz

Asala Nasri, one of those damnned Muslims.

There will never be peace in the Middle East as long as there's Jews in the Middle east.

Another LIE

walk the walk and talk the talk nutty.  talk is cheap

The Cult of Death in the phoney land of "Palestine" and the war against Israel is only a preview for the West of things to come. Palestine is not a place, it is hate and homicide boiled down into myth.Palestine is not only in Israel. It is in Paris and London. It is in Madrid and Detroit. It is in Sydney and Moscow.It is everywhere that the toxic brew of Muslim fanaticism and Arab nationalism flows. Its flag is the flag of death. Its constitution is a death warrant for every free nation.It is the true face of Islam.

Recognizing the deep gaps between the sides, the White House has already said Obama will not bring any bold new peace initiatives with him, but will instead send Secretary of State John Kerry back to the region as punishment to both Israelis and Palestinians if they don't straighten this #$%$ out.

No peace will be possible for Israel until or unless the Arabs, partucularly the Palestinians, finally acknowledge the right of Israel to live within safe and secure borders and to give up their dreams of return and military conquest of Israel. Ain't gonna happen so, as they say, Israel, "keep the powder dry."Right.   Then he said, to insure peace, we are going to make more settlements.

Of course Netanyahu wants peace. A little piece of this land, a little piece of that land, a little piece of settlement here, a little piece of settlement there...

Smoke and mirrors, politicians are nothing but parasites!

Translation: We want a peaceful way to steal all the land and dispossess the Palestinians.

Peace in the Middle East... haha yea right. That won't happen until they all kill each other. You can't train savages to be peaceful.

Peace will come when God sets up HIS kingdom.

How in the world does an picture of Obama with the word hope get attached to this article? Who makes this stuff up?

It's clear, and even many Arabs say so, that no Palestinian nation ever existed on the ancient Jewish land that Arab Muslims stole from the Jews in the Arab Muslim invasion and occupation in the 7th Century.

These arab posters are all paid by their mosques to just come here, and sit on any story that has the word Israel in it. They post all kinds of lies, thinking anybody really reads these things.  The truth is there are just a few people on here at any one time...now, thy r mostly arab pukes, lying their fool heads off.

Sometimes just stiking your pride in your pocket is the best step in moving forward. Forgiveness is better than Pride.arab killer

Nutinyahoo is lying Piece of #$%$. Entire middle east including Isreal can go to hell. We don't care anymore because we have enough problems to solve. Come back after 20 or 30 years from now.

The truth is that the only thing that the zioNAZIM on here can do is whine and cry like little beetches. They don't want peace; all they want is the destruction of Palestine. And so, they continue to invest all their capital into buying weapons, and they put nothing into the development of their society. So, go ahead Jews, continue to live in isolation and fear..it is nobody's fault but your own.

To all anti-Zionists.If you deny Jewish people right for self-determination in Land of Israel - you're not much better than N@zis, you're still gravely endangering Jewish continuity but in a slightly different way.Arabs have 20+ states, muslims have 50+ states, neither arab language or muslim religion are in danger; jews are clinging to one and only jewish state.and your siding with enemies of israel speaks volumes about you.

There you go, he is a COWARD and a LIAR.  He is also taking the cowardly way by having his buddies clone me now.  No matter what you do RC, we ALL know you to be a COWARD and LIAR.  Have fun LOSER.

Why isn't the international community ever impatient with the Palestinians?

So, the international community is growing impatient with the israelis?  Bid Deal!  Just how many of these impatient nations would show an eagnerss to give up land taken from hostile neighbor states that attacked it - and lost the war?To knuckle under to Palestitnian damands would destroy Israel's ability to defend itself from any future attack.  Would any other nation eagerly place themselves in that position?Remember, Hamas, Palestinian Authority, Muslim Brotherhood, et al, demand that Israel return to 1948 borders and abandon everything else.  Jerusalem, traditional capital of the Jewish state farther back than the Caesars, MUST be ceded to the Arabs.Iran goes even further:  Israel must cease to exist ... as must all the Jews in the area.  Yes, Iran's peace proposal is genocide!  So says that funny little jerk with the perpetual 5-o'clock shadow -- the one who doesn't own a tie for his suit -- the one who calls himself president.The Isreali government must do what is best for Israel.  Israel has the right to exist -- just as an other recognized Arab state.  IOt appears that the "impatient" states are either Arab, Muslim, or dependent on the Oil-Rich states who blackmail them unless they tow the line against Israel.No, I'm not Jewish.  I'm a Recovering Catholic who became a Presbyterian Minister.  Members of my family (Catholics who helped Jews in Poland) died in Auschwitz and Sobibor ... some were liberated by Allied troops ... while still others fought in the resistance.  I am merely against that sort of mentality rising again  in the 2,000 year persecution of Jews as scapegoats for failed Government policies and blame-shifting paranoia.

Look up: "Netanyahu: I deceived US to destroy Oslo accords--Damaging video released".  It's worth it.

LOL !!!!!

Just level the palestinian land and make it condo parkingUSA is being used by the Zionists...NATO has become the frontline defense of Israel... Smart aren't they?

After Obama go back to Washington, Israel will claim the Palestinians are unable to negotiate. No peace in that region as long as there is an occupation.

Israel is the biggest threat to the Middle East and the World peace... When will its Nukes/WMDs be confiscated???

David R fell into the "Lake of Fire".Look what it did to his eye..-S/T

How can you have peace when onbe side---the Pali #$%$---wont even acknowledge the right of Israel to exist?? You cant

Israel keeps illegally foreclosing on Palestinian homes and land.  LMAO

He wants Peace AND illegal settlements...Is it just me,,, or is he #$%$ up in the f*cking head?

Lieberman is correct. Delusional is correct. They, the Pals, do not want peace with anyone. If Israel was gone they'd be killing other muslims

I think Netanyahu is wasting his time. The Palestinians will have peace when the Palestinians decide to end their aggression towards Israel.Negotiating for cease fires and peace treaties with the Palestinians has ALWAYS proven to be futile in the past. I don't see how this new coalition government is going to make any difference.

'You know, democracy is not rooted in this country at all.'" Rabbi Brian Lurie Haaretz (Israeli newspaper) 8/2/2012Ben-lyin again.

Hamas is a terrorist organization. Their goal is not peace, but rather to kill people, in this case Jews. It doesn’t matter if a few of their own die.  It is collateral damage.  Hamas places rockets on top of schools and hide them in crowded communities, knowing that the Israelis will be blamed when the launchers are targeted. So the Israelis drop leaflets to the community to tell the people to clear out, they are coming.The Israelis left Gaza and gave it to the Palestinians and it is now controlled by Hamas. The Arab world doesn’t care about the Palestinians and they know the Palestinians have no historical right to any part of Israel. Even the media refuses to acknowledge the historical aspects of the area. The Arab countries surrounding Israel could certainly set aside some land for the Palestinians.  Instead they choose to support terrorism, in the goal of the destruction of Israel and the Jewish race.

ziobots there is no amount of PR that will cleans the sins, worng doings, murder, land theft, lies, and war crimes comited by israel

Israel is a big pain on the neck.  It's not only a burden on us, American taxpayers, but a problem for the security and stability of the region.  Mr. Netanyahu and his people will continue having restless nights, unless stop the expansion of Jewish settlements in West Bank, withdraw their forces from occupied territories and sit down for negotiations with peace-making intentions!

Netenyahu is a bloody war monger and as he was speaking he was destroying the homes of peaceful palestenions that have been living on this land for generations and their generations before them. He has orderd their homes demolished with or without their removal of the premises. The Jews that were placed there in 1948 was an itrocity and was one of the most flagrant acts of hatred and cruelty upon on a society of peacefull people since Adolph Hitler

Israeli's have won more Nobel prizes in 70 years, the entire Arab world in 100 years....Must be the work of "Hasbara" !   LOL

So David Rosenthal clones me because in his psychotic paranoia he thinks I am cloning him..  Keep on down the list old Jew for Jesus...

THEY WANT MORE U.S $$$$$$$

Netanyahu is a bad liar.

Children of Israel are prohibited to have a state of their own. The origin of this prohibition goes back to the time of Moses and was imposed by the lord of Moses. The children of Israel of that era caused countless disobedient and disbelieves and brought upon themselves this wrath. This is exactly what the Jewish Rabbis say. Their history is full of shameful events. The Holocaust is not a myth. It is reality that the Jews brought upon themselves. Much worst is ahead of them if they do not stop their disbelieves and continue their arrogant behavior as before.The only solution to peace on Earth is for Israel to go back to the border before 1948. This responsibility is now on America to enforce. America will be rewarded by the Lord of Moses for making this appropriate border adjustment. America can also be punished severely by the same power if they keep supporting this cruel and oppressing nation.The matter of fact is that the Jews can live in 100% security, happiness and prosperity in this world under the Islamic flag. If they also wish to have prosperity in the hereafter, then they must beg for forgiveness of Allah for the heinous crime that their ancestors committed by crucifying Jesus; they must acknowledge the prophet hood of Jesus and Muhammad and follow the message that was revealed to them. They will find Allah, the Lord of Moses, Jesus and Muhammad, the most Merciful, the most Forgiving and the most Compassionate. By Allah, this is the best advice for the Jews and for America.The worst enemies of the Jews are the JewsWhat RC means is that he leads a pack of hundreds of arab trolls on here, lying about everything that he posts about Israel.

"The frog and the scorpion fable"....It seems to me that Israel is in the frogs difficult possition should they put these guys on their backs  to ferry them across the pond ?????

David M's extent of his intellect represented...DavidM  •  1 min 46 secs ago Report AbuseMoron. Barak offered peace to Arafat during Clinton. Stupid turd.

Israeli Arab citizens, have more freedom, than any Arab living in an Arab country..TRUTH !

Jews dont want peace, they want pieces from everyone's souls and nations

Arabs want ALL of ISRAEL - I hope all of Israel finally gives it to them in one swift kick!

"Arabs declared after the Six-Day War:"There are no differences between Jordanians, Palestinians, Syrians and Lebanese. We are all part of one nation. It is only for political reasons that we carefully underline our Palestinian identity... yes, the existence of a separate Palestinian identity serves only tactical purposes. The founding of a Palestinian state is a new tool in the continuing battle against Israel".- Zuhair Muhsin, military commander of the PLO and member of the PLO Executive Council -"

test freedom of speech with research about Hol‍oca‍ust .a big lie protecting by zion government.

History has proved that no matter how many concessions Israel makes they will find no peace from people who want them to cease to exist. Islamic countries don't even recognize Israel as a nation nor do they have Israel on their maps. As long as Islamic countries continue to keep their people ignorant by breeding blind hatred there will be no peace. Jerusalem is not even mentioned in the Koran, but it’s in the Old Testament scriptures 881 times. Pray for the peace of Jerusalem.

dont trust palestinians.  they are backstabbing lying pigsMuslim students are upset.Jews are doing well.

We want peace after we tear down all your homes and finish stealing all the good land you once owned.

Yeah!! A piece of this country and that country!!!!!!!

First, I occupy your whole house and kick your family out after killing a few of your children. Then, I extend both my hands and legs plus other body parts for peace, offering you to have the toilet and the spare room!

They just want to rid Israel of all the Palis, and then turn it into another Jew sheethole country with no jobs and no future for their young other than begging on Yahoo for sympathy.

The problems are not with Jewish people!  The problems are with Israeli's!

For all those people ripping into Netanyahu &amp; Israel - why don't you just encourage the Palis to call him on it.  He's saying he's willing to settle - let the Palis (and all you idiots) come to the table and offer a fair and reasonable settlement.  If they can't (or more likely won't) then you can all shut up.

RC, you should stop lying to Everyman and explain to him how YOU posted your DD214 on your Yahoo profile and what happened afterwards.  There were many witnesses remember?  Yes, you remember!

Jews didn’t dance in the street after 9/11, jews don’t do suicide bombings, jews don’t hijack airplanes and fly them into buildings, jews don’t kidnap and behead foreign journalists, jews don’t subjugate women and non-jews, jews don’t target women and children and then hide behind their own, Judaism is not a violent political cult bent on world domination, jews are not sworn to the destruction of any of their neighbors, jews don’t kidnap and murder Olympic athletes, jews don’t do “honor killings”, jews don’t indoctrinate their children with irrational hatred…..Let’s see, who is it that does all these things?  Hmm.

Much like Obama wants a balanced budget. Israel can and should eliminate Iran for their own well being.  They need to continue expanding settlements, it's their land.Israel wants Piece, a Piece of Palestine and a Piece of U.S. Taxpayers $money$

If Isreal pulls out of all captured territories i believe that the muslims would respect and honor that..a US-RUSSIA led peace-keeping force can monitor closely.the muslim countries affected would surely punish severly any of it's citizens incl.HAMAS if they break the peace..

To all "Palestinian" and other arab/muslim apologists.(JTA) -- An Algerian immigrant who admitted to planning to blow up synagogues in New York City was sentenced to 10 years in prison.

Jerusalem, is STILL the capitol of Israel........

Netanyahu is a liar. Peace means a surprise war against Palestinians.

There is no such thing and never has been a nation called "Palestine". Nor is there such a thing as a palestinian people, culture, currency, language, government, military.... They are all arabs and they are being used as pawns by their original nations in a propaganda war against Israel; even Arafat was an Egyptian. All of so called "palestine" belongs to Israel period and there has never been an arab nation there. The double standard that Israel is held to is ridiculous. The FACTS are that the so called palestinians are the real terrorists and that Israel defends itself as any other sovereign nation would. Israel goes to painstaking levels to avoid civilian casualties and arabs specifically target and hide behind women and children. Israel is a thriving democracy with one of the highest standards of living in the world; arab nations are stuck in the dark ages.

Zionist Jews are colonizing Palestine into oblivion. The question is, will Obama address this, or will he play it safe like all the other cowards before him?

Uptothenutsinyou is a liar.

Of course he wants peace but behind the scene he wants us to attack Iran. He was instrumental in having Bush start war with Iraq.

Song and dance..Just saying this because they are looking for an increase in welfare paymentsPalestinians lie and fabricate without any guilt or remorse. It's disgusting. They try to convince people that no ancient Jewish Holy Temples ever existed on the Jewish Temple Mount in Jerusalem though the 1st and 2nd Jewish Temples stood there for 700 years!! And that's why it's called the Temple Mount.

Netanyahu...YOU need to heed God's Word.  Those who bless Israel will be blessed, and those who curse Israel OR are a part of dividing up His Land WILL BE cursed.  This also means YOU Netanyahu.  YOU of all people should know this.

Nut N Yahoo wants peace? Is that why yesteryday we read that they've pleged building more houses in settlment? I believe this is an oxymoron

Let West Bank Arabs elect their president first. Abbas' term is expired and he canceled elections.

When Hamas and the Palestines surrender their weapons, then they will have short-term peace.

T@LMUDIC Noahide Laws Congress Passed In 1991 in honor of the Racist Anti-Gentile New testament burning Bolshevik Supremacist RabbiSearch- Congress passed T@LMUDIC Noahide laws 1991For anyone who is not aware of these anti-Christian and anti-America laws on our books to honor a Racist Supremacist Rabbi.Menachem Schneerson got standing ovations from the US Congress"The wives and daughters of Gentiles are prostitutes."- Menachem Schneerson, the Lubavitch RebbeSearch-Menachem Schneerson Lubavitch Rabbi Racist Supremacist Qoutes.Look at a bunch of sources not just wiki

Isreal is an apartheid,occupying colonizing state.every country has army but isreal is an army that has a country.look at their actions not their words.in isreal there are separate streets and buses for arabs ,they also build walls around their cities and steal land from arabs and call it settlements.any one who supports this state or defend it is clueless or hasbara has done the job on him.

Somebody better tell the Jews that Obama's Hope is America's Demise! And if you see the LOCUSTS, ominous DARK thunderstorms, and feel a slight tremor and crackling of the Earth underneath you. You better head to the RED SEA! Because the GREAT DARK CHOCOLATE EASTER BUNNY a.k.a. OBAMA IS COMING!

Keep a close watch on this one .. Barry's going to Israel.  Most who are awake know what I'm talking about.

peace weill never happen bc the moslems keep suicide bombing and transporting weapons- israel should never back down in the face of terrorAs long as the Palestinians are having Hamas and Fatah, there is no peace.

there we go again, israel is extending her hand towards palestinians in the mean time they keep stealing their land, their homes and killing them in gaza. Is the world actually that stupid? dont we realize what are the israelis planning? They want pure dominance of the entire land the palestinians for their slaves.

Goodbye Palestine. Hello glass desert!

If Israel makes peace with the Palestians, they probably would not have to worry about Iran!

Neither the Jews nor the Muslims want peace. It is a ruse when they speak of it. The Jews want more American money in the form of arms and money and the Moslems want sympathy from the other screaching Moslems. These folks have been at it for over 2,000 years... What makes us think they want peace? Conflict is in their DNA.Their respective religions are the problem, you cannot have peace when your religious leaders tell you your neighbor is the devil. Let Jews and Moslems go at each other's throats. That is what thay want in order to control their followers.Keep America out of this family fight.

doesn't anybody remember what Mohammed did to his own brothers for the promise of peace?

Mossad has been caught hundreds of times dressing in muslim garb and blowing stuff up to blame others. It's called a "false flag" and its the only trick they know.

Obama's visit will just a dog and pony show.All talk and do nothing as usual.In addition talking peace with a bunch of barbarians and religious fanatics is just a waste of time and resounces.Its been thousands and thousands of years, why would the Muslims all change their mind this time.Peace by force is the only thing they understand!

No fiscal cliff, no Mexicans coming.That can drive even white anti-Semites insane, not only Arab immigrants here.

There can be no peace with a religious cult that believes in Death to All non-believers ! A cult that does not believe in peaceful co-existence with other religions ! SAD BUT TRUE !Who this Zionist terrorist is fooling now ?What he is saying is nothing but old Zionist propaganda, lies, contempt and deception, only because, he knows, Zionist funded and elected American congressmen and senators along with some christian fanatics, who are on the payroll of AIPAC will continue to blackmail the international community and world public opinion. He is 100% sure of that.Question is, when did Zionist Jews ever told the truth when it comes to occupied Palestine?The whole sentence of this article essentially is saying:-"We extend our hand in peace to the Palestinians while we built settlement in occupied Palestinian land while showing middle finger to the world."

I wonder how that tallies with his actions and remarks   I do not thing it works out too well

What he means is "piece" like a greater piece of Palestine.

Israel may want peace but the Palestinians don't. This is made clear by Abbas the leader of the Palestinian Authority saying no Jews will be allowed to live in a Palestinian state. The Palestinians want only the complete elimination of the Jewish state of Israel in the ancient Jewish homeland.

peace is a joke in that area! and send obama back hes a joke he will keep throwing you under the bus

Netanyahoo wants peace? Since when? At what further cost to the people whose land he has been stealing for years?

What total #$%$.  What he wants is to suck the Palestinians back into a process that is about continued settlement and confiscation.  It should obvious to even the thickest minds by now that the configurations of power in Israel are interested in taking the land, not in peace.

As long as our American president is weak and not supported by his own people/congress. There is no peace in that region.

As long as the Arabs/Muslims left the Palestinians alone to deal with Israel, there is no peace in that region.

Yep I heard that so many times, even how much open hand you extend it will be answered with a clinch fist, you know why because the Mohammedans are only interested in driving the Jews out to the sea. It is in their nature, in their book called Koran, it is commanded by their pervert terrorist prophet, If the Jews want peace they should prepare for war.The palis failed to distant themselves from outright Jew-haters and likes of Helen Thomas and it will be hounding then for long time.They're trying to clean up their act but it's way too little and too late.

The Khazar Jews that brutally oppress the Palestinian people, torture, break their bones, and murder them can never force Palestinians to be obedient to the human rights violations placed upon them by the Khazar Jews.

Lest we forget, the Khazar Judaists slaughtered 40 million Christians in Russia and Eastern Europe, 7 million Africans, and untold numbers of Indians in South America. The Khazar Jewish "God" has also given them permission to slaughter the Muslims in the Middle East.  Now they want to attack Iran.

Mossad will assassinate Barry on this trip to blame on Iran.

youtube -.&gt; ISRAEL - THE WORLDS BIGGEST TERRORIST STATE ........................ Everyone- Please Watch and share .This rogue state has made it into Guinness Book of World Records , but not in a cool way .. check it out.. SHOCKING

Netanyahu the liar: he says he wants peace and at the same time he says there are going to steal more land for construction and making a two-state solution impossible

Oxymoron = Palestinian Morals

This evil creature is full of  s  h  i  t  and evil off course. The only way to achieve peace is by shipping his satanic  a  s  s  back to his native country of Poland. I like how all of the descendants osf Satan, foreign occupiers of Palestine are trying to coceal their real ethnicities by changing their names from ...ski, or ....off    or ....ov    to Satanyahu or Rabin or Shamir or sharon and other   s  h  i  t   like that.

Netanyahu the King who wore no cloths !!  I wonder if the narcissistic fool has any idea the world is laughing at him and his delusional statements ??

Liar,liar,liar.. Natin..yahoo never told the truth. Expantion is a daily thing happening in Israel.Arab villages destruction never stops.The apartheid wall is another proove that Israel doe not want peace,but makes daily live horrible to the poor Palestinians.Israel is the only apartheid state of the 21st centurey that still exists.Peace is taken not given.

Jews to Judea..Arabs to Arabia...Problem solved!...

They have claimed wanting peace since Oslo Agreement.  It has been almost 20 years ago. If wanting peace takes 20 years, how long will it take to have peace?  Never trust a Zionist. You can eat with him but sleep with a Christian because the Zionist will sell you out, betray you. Never consider the Zionist for refuge and never walk in front of one because he may be from the type that can stab you.  If you do relate to them otherwise, you will be making the uncalculated risk and signing your own death contract. Just like engineering a bomb, you are allowed only one mistake. But the Arab rulers are already dead.

US taxpayer direct investment in Israel:.............$150 BillionReturn on above investment:.............................$ -7 TrillionObama needs to keep in mind who he's working for when he visits this nest of criminals.Leave the kneepads at home..-S/T

Jerusalem? What do Arabs have to do with Jerusalem..

Israel is the only Jewish country in the middle east. There is an abundance of muslim nations. Why can't muslims let Israel hold on to it's small sliver of land?

knowing all the things he said in the past, this is definitely a lie

We need to send some more AID money to both sides...like we do.Now THAT's  Leadership!

Liar thief murderer Commie ZioNazi, not a person that can EVER be trusted. Or any like him. A Likhud Neo-Con Commie ZioNazi. We all knids of them here in the US that need to stand trial for Treason.

In what way can Netanyahu be be believed unless he makes hard verifiable specifics. He does not have a very good reputation.“Anyone who believes in ‘Islamophobia’ is an idiot of first orderIt was the creation of Zionists, to disrupt the current world orderRead the Quran to know about the real IslamConsider the fact over fictionYou will discover that you’ve been fooledBy the Master of Deception”

"Israel's Netanyahu says new government wants peace"A piece of what?

Make some REAL concessions and you can get REAL peace. UN242 is the agreement

"Reality check" wouldn't know reality if it bit him on the #$%$Mental midget.

Bibi is a LIAR...he will grab more of the Palestinian land for the right-wingnuts that rule Israel and seem to have a control over US policy as well.

Obama will kneel at the headstone of the doomsday cult leader.If this aint about Jews being at the base for end of days, what is it!2000 years the Muslim Arabs ruled the place by majority and it is nothing, and immigrants that didnt even have great great great great great grandparents touch the place think it is theirs!

“The fact is that we don’t negotiate with the Palestinians, and the fact is that we have not proposed anything.” -Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert in an interview with Christiane Amanpour May 2008

I think back 8 years ago when I first started watching M.E. news and the comments were almost totaly PRO-ISRAEL and any criticism was beat like a red headed stepchild. but now......Israel is being exposed.

Go Netanyahu , God is on your side.

David M represents what israel has to offer to the USA.  He calls out president a KOON and Americans morons and yet it is on Yahoo begging for sheckles.  What a stereotypical zioNAZI.Really??? Satanyahu??? You "want peace". Well then, end the land theft, stop destroying the palestinian farms, orchards, houses and infrastructure, allow the palestinians to revive their economy and trade normally with their neighbours; end the occupation and the genocide and ethnic cleansing policies of your hate filled racist Naz*i style government. Release the thousands of palestinians from jail who have NEVER been charged with a crime nor had access to a lawyer or even seen the inside of a courtroom. End the hundreds of humiliating checkpoints and other artbitrary policies aimed at subjugation and humiliation. Can anyone seriously imagine Satanyahu ending sixty years of ethnic cleansing and genocide??

How can Americans trust a man who said the following?“Once we squeeze all we can out of the United States, it can dry up and blow away.” — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, 2002.

They may want "peace" but they'll settle for more land...and I hope they get it!!

Check out Egypt...Syria....Libya.Iraq..Gaza...Lebanon,etc.etc., killing each other over minor religious differences. Killing their brother Muslims..Do you think any of these mother F**#rs will ever feel any sense of amity towards Israel?????If you hate yourself you cannot love anyone!

Israel wants peace or do they want a piece of the pie.Its to late for peace, you wouldn't know the meaning if it hit you in the face.

if israel gives up its nukes it will be annihilated by its blood thirsty arab/muslim neighbors who want israel off the map yesterday - REGARDLESS OF ITS BORDERS!thank you anti-zionist posters for proving my point!

We will never see peace until Jesus comes back to set up GODS goverment on this planet! And that's a FACT!!!!!

God loves the Jews and so do I.

a bout 9/11 all americans heard that terrorists was muslim. now reallity with out boycott.let‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍s ‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍try........write (( Q33NY )) in Micro‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍soft Off‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍ice Word ,in WINGD‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍INGS font,well :this is all satanism are= ki‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍ller bloodl‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍over = zionism = satanism = masoon = Swas‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍tika = Hollywood =✡=alQaide=1% Wealthy in america =bin ladan ;))Q=bomb 33 = t‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍he fly number NY=‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍New Yorkــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــher‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍e u can see t‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍he symbolsــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــ.w‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍ww.1.talar.web44.n‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍et/images/9141aff1412d.jpg

There can be no peace in the Middle East until all Muslim slaves lick the feet of their Zion Masters, and beg forgiveness. Only then will the backwards evolution of the Muslims be reversed. Amen.REALITY CHECK, if you have any real balls, here is your chance to tell Everyman how your personal information ended up on the boards.  Tell him the truth this time.  Come on brave fellow.

My arab friends...tonight, you will go to sleep, as you do every night.  When you wake up to or row, Israel will still exist, Israel's economy and military will still be the strongest in the Middle East, and you, my arab friends, will still have nothing, and will still live like animals.

A chocolate cake. Oh how racist

Rc's post, Netanyahu's legacy-  Netanyahu described what he thought a two-state solution (a Palestinian state) would be, he called it 'chicken pieces' - that's his own description. He said that his own approach to the Oslo Accords, and it's on record, that his approach to the Oslo Accords was to destroy as much as possible so that Palestine couldn't get a state. Netanyahu's Likud Party has said that there will never be a Palestinian state in their charter. So all of these points are that Israel does not want a Palestinian state and all of the actions they've taken by populating Palestine and any kind of future Palestinian state, which remember is 20 percent of historical Palestine, have obviously destroyed the hope of that. A South African journalist who recently went to Palestine said that the two-state solution looks to her like apartheid South Africa.

utube Israel - Occult Zionism - Hell on Earth - Documentary - WW3 - NWO

"Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahoo annual ice cream budget, a figure that caused outrage after it was published in a local paper"2,700How does he maintain that figure? Eric Netayahoo Cartman, "give me my rocky road:!!!!!

"Why does USA support Israel?....AIPAC Zionist Israels lobby...I hear what they can't bribe they blackmail + plus there are Dual "citizens" in Congress &amp; Senate. The USA is a ZOG (Zionist occupied Government)"

He is saying that because obama is coming to town,when obama is gone,he will return to reality,,its all politics,Bibi is no coward he will FIGHT TO THE END !!!   GO BIBI !!!

Israeli Doctors and scientists have invented more medicines in 50 years, than the entire Arab world has in 200 years.....

after rag#heads are greasy spots,then peaceWhen will the Palestinians stop trying to burn and desecrate ancient Jewish holy sites in Israel, including burial sites of ancient Jewish rabbis on the Mount of Olives? These are revolting and fascistic actions by the Palestinians at the same time as Israel protects all religious holy sites including Muslim ones.

It sickens me how the Israelis' are fawning over this godless heathen (the most inept president--everrrrrr)! The only HOPE I have is Obama gets impeached...and soon!!!

“Honesty is an expensive gift; don’t expect it from cheap people”... An never expect it from Israeli/Zionists/Jews...

This is news? Israel has tried &amp; asked for peace repeatedly over the years. Even while Palestinian Rockets bombard their neighborhoods. Now that the UN has "recognized" Palestine, does anyone think they would sign, let alone keep, a peace agreement?? I mean dang, they never have they in the past, so what's changed? When they deny Israel's right to even exist, why would they agree to peace?

The Zionist Matrix of Power in Americayoutube

Bibi knows the Palestinians have zero good will for anyone including themselves.

We're not fooled over here, Bebe.

Idle talk is good.USA and EU are printing paper money to achieve prosperity. Progressives and Arabs eat sh{i}t - the first in gay bathhouses, the second in their daily welfare lives.

Can`t trust the scorpion.

Peace? Tee he, he, he, that is so funny.  While they take the land that does not belong to them and build settlements in countries that do not belong to them?The heat is on and Israel is going down!!!!!!!Bibi should be granted a PHD in lying

Why is the image of obama in a story about Israel extending the olive branch to the suicide bombers and rocket launchers? Obama hasn't had anything to do with that. Actually, he's had little to do with anything except spending more of your hard earned moneyWhy not post a picture of a volkswagen? It's had as much to do with the peace effort as Obama

"palestinians" do not want peace and even Egypt's Muslim brotherhood doesn't want anything to do with them. "Palestinians only want to kill others. They are a seriously mentally ill people. They are raised to hate and kill. You can't have peace with crazy people.

Israeli wan t peace on one hand,but continue to confiscate  Palestinian land on the other hand.You cant have it both ways.Next year in PALESTINE!

Old RC has really got his "crew" sending a message to America, just like the palestinians destroying Obama's billbords and throwing shoes at them.  Cretin Baboons, Yep we get it.  Thanks RC.

Oh now cue the Islamics and their boiler room thumbs up to make it appear American's side with the Palestinians. It's laughable. LOL

Netanyahu said. "Israel has proven time and again it is ready for concessions in exchange for real peace, and the situation today is no different."LMAO... coming from the same guy who said he would accelerate the building of settlements just 2 months ago. Get the fuhk out of here you extreme Zionist racist fuhk.

Go Back Home To Russia, Squatters.Then We WILL Have PEACE.

google 236 references to 6,000,000 Jews prior to the Nuremberg Trialtalk about crying wolf!

Israel runs the Hasbara Project, a cabinet level dept, designed to roam the internet and post comments on articles. Also they are trained to insult and disparage anyone who criticizes Israel or jews. They even have a manual to train these pitiful recruits. Google "Hasbara trolls".Put a turban on a jew and whatdaya got?  A muslimPut a yarmulke on a muslim and whatdaya got?  A jewThey're identical except for their hats.Silly semitic cousins forever feuding like some backwoods hillbilly rednecks.

Nutandyahoo is like any petty leader of a tiny country. He points to external threats to hide internal problems.

The quality of the comments seems to have improved today . . . guess the zionist paid shills must be on holiday.

Why should Palestinians compromise their statehood and borders, when they have already won them in the United Nations? Just say NO to Israel! Every nation of the World should boycott Israeli products and investments, until Israel recognizes the sovereign and independent nation of Palestine according to internationally recognized 1967 borders.It worked against the racists in South Africa. It will work against the zionists in Israel, too!

This guy would have convinced Romney to attack Iran and start a broad middle east war by now... and your sons and daughters would be drafted and your economy would be suffering needlessly...

The only peace Adolf Naziyahue wants is another free $$$$$$$$$$$$oloc$t Stolen Land. or free funding for Satan Evil works in zionland.

Have you ever had the foreskin chews "jewcy fruit'?  I love them...  8 days old and fresh!

hasbara just called me. they said goy are stupid from birth. we are to lie, smear, and be condescending towards all nonjevvs.

The coalition Goverment is twisting Netanyahu's balls into submission...

we jevvs have the goy by their short hairs and they know it. we run the strongest nation in the world's banking system and media. we have infiltrated their government with ease. we jevvs use the might of american military to get the muslim world bow to their proper masters, the jevvs. soon we will subjewgate the entire world.Wanting and getting more than enough (of anything including land) for your self is always a recipe for someones wrath.

another lie of satan yahoo...

If Jews are Gods chosen, then let their God take care of them get off the U.S. Welfare System stop leeching off my taxes.

Bebe, they cross your border, shoot to kill.  We should do the same with the Mexicans.

I'm going to get hated on here, but the palestinians are none other than the descendants of ishmael! Abrahams first born of of their hand made. Abraham wanted the birthright and inheritance to be given to Ishmael and his descendants, but God said otherwise and gave it to Isaac, Abrahams second born from Sarah. Usually it goes to the first born son. Thats why they claim to be descendants of Abraham and have the right to inherit the land. Sorry but God said it would go through Isaac, and Jacob (Israel) and their descendants not Ishmael.

All of you anti semetic posters have been reported....enjoy being on the no fly and terrorist watch lists.

I witnessed first hand Israeli pettiness while stationed in Sinai with 101st:   occupying the Sinai after the 1967 "six day war"' Israel started settlements and infrastructure improvements (likely with US taxpayer money).   The Jimmy Carter brokered peace treaty of 1979 required Israel to give the Sinai back to Egypt. . . which they did, but not before they demolished all the buildings and dug up all the roads they built.  Petty Petty Petty People.

Why sanctions on Palestinians and Iran and NOT Israel? A wake-up call for Americans...*IRAN SANCTIONS ACT of 1996 Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish)*H.R. 938, The United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act: Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish)*S.Res. 185, Sponsor: Sen. Ben Cardin (Jewish) states that if the Palestinian Authority goes ahead with its plan to seek unilateral recognition as a state, the US would suspend its financial aid.*H.Res. 268, Sponsor: House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (Jewish) The resolution called upon the administration to announce that it would “veto any resolution on Palestinian statehood that comes before the United Nations Security Council.*H.Res. 4133, Sponsor: Eric Cantor (Jewish) United States-Israel Enhanced Security Cooperation Act of 2012*H.RES.568, Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish) preventing the Government of Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability.*H.R. 2194, Sponsor: Howard Berman (Jewish) Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010*H.R. 1905, Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish) Howard Berman (Jewish) will place virtually all of Iran’s energy, financial, and transportation sectors under U.S. sanction. Companies conducting business with Iran in these sectors face losing access to U.S. markets; impose sanctions designed to prevent Iran from repatriating any proceeds from its oil sales, thus depriving Iran of 80 percent of its hard currency earnings and half of the funds to support its national budget; impose tough new sanctions on the National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC), the National Iranian Tanker Company (NITC) and Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC); target Iran’s use of barter transactions to bypass sanctions, the provision of insurance to Iran’s energy sector, and the provision of specialized financial messaging services to the Central Bank of Iran.*James N. Miller(Jewish) Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Policy*Mara Rudman (Jewish) Foreign Policy Advisor*Eric Lynn (Jewish) Middle East Policy Advisor*Lee Feinstein (Jewish) Foreign Policy Advisor*Diane Feinstein (Jewish) Chairwoman Senate Select Committee on Intelligence*Michael Chertoff (Jewish) former Homeland Security chief*Daniel Benjamin (Jewish) head of the State Department’s Bureau of Counter-Terrorism*Stuart Levey (Jewish) Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence*David Cohen (Jewish) Secretary of the Treasury for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence*Steve Simon (Jewish) National Security Council Middle East Desk*Dan Shapiro (Jewish) former Head of Middle East Desk at the National Security Council now ambassador to Israel*Dennis Ross (Jewish) Special Advisor for the Gulf (Iran) and Southwest Asia to the Secretary of State*Robert Einhorn (Jewish) Special Advisor for Non-Proliferation and Arms Control*Colin Kahl(Jewish) Former Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for the Middle East (Current National Security Advisor)

the poor hebrew Goldman the hebrew piglet cry for support .. please do ask your evil wicked moon G_D for help as a chosen one can't that evil moon G_D grant you what you ask for?&gt;

Benjamin is full of lies, nobody ever believes you.gee does it take that long Nickw and that jack #$%$ William w to answer?  simple questions please revert to your rabbi in any of your local brothel of a syngogue maybe he can give you 2 a script to answer

Nickw spoken like a typical hebrew do educate us on your judaism now we all know that your evil existance started 5773 years ago .. since when did your kind invent thing?  tell me anything that was NOT built on other's knowledge please.. and for sure since your evil kind was here 5773 years ago then your kind must of invented alot of things to name .. educate us please

now watch people how two evil hebrews can't back up their claim Nickw and that hebrew piglet Willam W

Poor Poor Willian W.. do tecah us about judaism existance in Palestine before 1948, tell us a major palestinian city with a hebrew name before 1948, tell us a jew leader name for palestine before 1948 .. now now my educated hebrew.. do not go back to the start of judaism that cancerous boil to humanity ,,. do not go back 5773 years ago.. all I am asking of you to go back to before 1948

william please proove to us all how the jews lived in the land of palestine before 1948, also tell us what was the name of that land before 1948, please tell us a major palestinian city with a hebrew name before 1948, also do tell us the name of a jew leader before 1948... do tell us and enlighten us all ohh you educated hebrew

I've been actively prophesying within the US from around 2004 to present (some of the events I depicted were the IO and Japan tsunami, hurricanes Katrina and Sandy, Amish and Newtown school shootings, as well as the Iran/US Naval incident; I was also a 'portent' for the events of 9/11) and have consistently received the 'silent treatment' amid implicit and otherwise threats, absence of reporting, and my requests for legal and medical counseling. One of my concerns is that the treatment I and others receive will reflect poorly on Israel, especially as there exists a popular sentiment that America is manipulated by Israel. Furthermore, as a main prophetic event was essentially a response to the Beslan incident, it often appears that the POTUS' activities, in regard to supporting events in Islam-centered nations, reflect a personal motivation that includes bias theological considerations. Furthermore, the notion that scandal and abuse is tolerated would be more easily 'entrenched' as the hypocrisy and legal misconduct would diminish the capacity to effectively prosecute it.

Are Americans aware that "Reality Check" the traitor has been sitting on his butt for years posting anti American and anti Israel garbage?  He recruits other to do the same.  He also supports ALL of America's enemies.  He works 24/7 on his butt to do as much damage to the US and her citizens as he possibly can.

gee the hebrew state fast to forget when they cried during the pillar of fools how Hillary came to their aid.. now the man himself will dictate what you must do to live in peace in that part of the world,.., need not listen and await many hebrews to make reverse aliyah .....

talk about the hasbara trolls of evil judaism at work .. like a typical hebrew they change names and come in as a new hebrew piglet but  you and I know who you are my unemoplyed hebrew baboon .. I am sorry for the baboons to belittle them

Oppressed the Second World War can not be wrong today????!Netanyahu wants peace and is willing to make real concessions to gain it: if the Palestinians stop throwing rocks while the Israelis build their settlements on the contested land, the Israelis will stop responding with gunfire.See, all you cynics!  There is now a real chance for peace!

ya 7abibi enta wa heyah law sama7to click 3ala like lakol shee against al yahood .. the hasbara trolls are doing only that walaken bel3aks .. shokraa

In a past peace conference, Israel conceded everything except the right to return and abandoning Jerusalem.   Israel was willing to give up land and other key issues damanded by Palestianian negotiators.The Palestinians rejected it.  Note that their only concession was a statement of Israel's right to exist.  But without taking complete control of Jerusalem, the entire agreement was unacceptable.   And the Isrelis were blamed for intransigence.  Is it not the same for the Palestinians not being willing to drop their demand for Jerusalem?  Sauce for the goose ...

Judaism and Zionism represent the most dangerous thing to the human race ever faced, unless we begin to find ways to drive these parasites bestial savages back into oblivion, then we are doomed

If you look at the history of Jerusalem during the crusades you will find that Saladin, great leader of the Muslims asked the Jews to join them in defense of the city against the foreign invaders from Europe.  The jewish community has been treated worse by Christianity than by muslims.  the jews were run out of all parts of Europe during the 1st to the 5th Crusade and were better assimilated in muslim lands than Christian lands.  the Catholic Church and the Eastern Orthodox churches killed more jews than were killed by muslims during that same period.  Saldin was a pious leader, who when he re-took Jerusalem for the muslims, spent his own money to buy the freedom of the crusaders who were being ransomed. Did not let greed ruin his piety.  He died poorer than he should have been and did it for humanitarian reasons.  Something that current leaders in Israel, Muslim countries, and the US should learn.  Policy built upon greed serves no ones best interest.  William of Tyre, who was scribe for Richard the Lionheart,  told of great generosities of the Muslims toward all peoples who came to worship.  It's time for the "Kingdom of Heaven" to be taken out of the hands of one group or another and made an international conclave that is totally neutral.  Neither the Israelis or the Muslims have the mental capacity to enter into long-term peace now.  there is too much hate on both sides to ever form a cooperative government.  Hate is winning out over common sense.

Here we go again. Make preparations, allot a budget, pick the team and when the peace negotiating team gets there Bibi will announce settlement expansions. Doing the same thing over and over and each time expecting a different result, that's insanity...

No confidence in Netanyahu - the responsible adult of the Israeli economy quit -  Bank of Israel Governor Stanley  Fischer, a man of peace, was disappointed in Netanyahu on the diplomatic level. He was seriously concerned by Israel's falling international status and the missed opportunity to make a peace agreement with the Palestinians. -Yedioth Ahranoth (Israeli newspaper)

Netanyahu's a classic manipulator of the psychotic Zionist stripe.  His every action throughout his evil political life has demonstrated that he never misses an opportunity to victimize the tormented Palestinian Christians and Muslims.  Viva Palestine!  Full justice to Palestine!

Israel's enemies do not want peace.  They want Israel for themselves.and the jews out.All previous spectacular " treaties " with Jimmy Carter , Billy Clinton at al  acting as peacemakers with glorious photo sessions went down the drain : the rockets keep flying into Israel.

PREDICTION:Mossad will assassinate Barry on this trip to blame on Iran.Bing, bang, boom.....jews get everything they want.Keep your eyes peeled for yet another jew false flag.It is true that Israel has shown itself willing to make concessions for peace.  But Netanyahu?  He has been very unwilling.  Everyone knows he is a liar and not to trust him as far as you can throw him.

like the last french president said: Netanyahoo is a liar. so don't believe him.

Typical Hebrew article:  This report only outlines the problems we are facing but does not come up with any viable solutions. Very typical of us as a community, talking about all the problems we have, talking about everything that’s going wrong and pointing fingers. Nobody is taking the initiative to come up with the solutions for these problems. I feel that a report such as this should leave the readers with some potential solutions for the problems outlined so that the readers can engage themselves on the issue. Just like you don’t write for the sake of writing, we don’t read for the sake of reading. Every article that is worthy of reading should make a difference for the better

Peace meaning, they will knock over there homes and build a settlement on them...and cry about how they are being attacked for no reason.

the question is why the world should trust the hebrews?  NEVER trust a hebrew has been true since the start of that cancerous boil on humanity;s #$%$ they call judaism

Think about this for a moment. Why does Israel have so much hatred directed towards her. What does Israel have.

Pip T these are hasbara trolls of evil Judaism of torah hate . .my baboon can do the same

I guess you can NVER trust a hebrew is true ever since the start of time or in this case the start of that cancerous boil on humanity;s #$%$ they call judaism .. we all know what the jews did to the USS liberty and Rachel Cory .. search it and your hebrew #$%$ too can see the truth but your wicked kind are blinded by that torah of hate like your evil G_D hashem

The only thing is real about you is that you are "HIDEIOUS" and you look exactly like that.The only thing is real about you is that you are "HIDEIOUS" and you look exactly like that.

Between 1993 and 2001, the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) and the Palestinian Authority (PA) signed six agreements with Israel and conducted countless meetings and summits to bring about a lasting peace between them.Each Israeli concession was met with Palestinian non-compliance and escalating violence. Six times, Palestinians failed to honor their commitments and increased their anti-Israeli aggressions. Finally, they broke every promise they made and began an all-out guerrilla war against Israel and its citizens.The failure of the Palestinian leadership to be earnest and trustworthy stands in stark contrast to the statesmanship exhibited by Israel’s peace partners in the region: the late Egyptian President Anwar Sadat and the late Jordanian King Hussein, both of whom honored their agreements.Although Israel succeeded in reaching historic peace agreements with Egypt and Jordan, when the time came to negotiate with the Palestinians in the territories, the Israelis discovered the Palestinian Arabs were unable or unwilling to choose peace or honor their given word.Despite numerous agreements, the pattern has always been the same: The Palestinian Arabs violate the conditions and commitments of virtually every agreement they sign.Fighting's between these relatives (descendants of Isaac and Ishmael, cousins) has been going on since the time of Abraham...

the poor unemoployed hebrew troll get paid by our tax $$ sent to israHELL so they can change public thinking.. well let they hebrew baboons and piglets keep on trying the well informaed and educated far more than anyone of them or 100s as in this case can do.. fool me once.. well you know the rest    ;-)

how can you tell it is a hasbara of judaism troll at work? when you see the comment is not related to what is written.. even my kosher piglet and baboon can smell a hasbara hebrew troll

love to see the hasbara of judaism trolls at work against all those who are educated and well informed .. let they wicked hebrews keep trying .. 4 sure they would be lost soon as them tribes of judaism .. you shall be lost for 40 desert years .. = 4000 years in human terms hebrew piglets and baboons

I am sure you know to NEVER trust a hebrew .. the saying is true since 5773 years of that cancerous existance of evil wicked torah of hate and it is true now..

Israel's internet shills are fighting a losing battle and they know it.The support for getting israel and the Jewish Lobby out of our government is overwhelming.But these zionist trolls will do their best to do their worst...Like an overflowing toilet..

There is nothing more fake than the state of Israel which is based on the fairy tale of the Old Testament. Israel, like the Soviet Union will disappear sooner rather than later because it is founded on lies and thievery.

What is awesome about Jews, they control minds of anti-Semites.

Obama or no Americans can want peace more that the two parties involved - the Israelis  and the Palestinians. I am not an Arab, Palestinian and not even a Muslim. But, if Isreal continue to build settlements in the disputed territory, and will never listen to its strongest ally - the US, let alone anyone else, even Batholomew -the Biblical  Blind man can see that Isreal don't really want a two-state solution. They want a permanent colony of a Palestine that resemble Swiss cheese, with holes everywhere representing Jewish settlements. I wish Israelis  and Palestinianians good luck!

Again and again Setanyahoo will lie and lie unceasingly, as usual.Sadly, this country has a history of supporting right wing, extremist states and their leaders, ie., Pol Pot, Pinot Che and apartheid in South Africa, such a shame.

lol..... don't expect a return handshake offer for peace from the people of the Palestinian authority... Palestine doesn't want to shake your hand they want to bury it...........

For Natenyahu there is one way, His way or Highway...He does not believe in Two States solution and would not halt building new settlements in Palestinian territories. He is full of S@%#.

Peace ---Peace  ----Peace ----then sudden distruction &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;it is written &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  Isreal is a joke and the world knows that they don,t want peace it is all about a land grab --watch out the middle is a fire cracker that is ready to explode--- the Palestinians have no hope and Bibi has brought no Hope nor is Obama and the world is fed up with Isreal and its land grabe,there is a limit how far the can , can be kicked only so far.

Israel is doing well.That drives anti-Semites and Arab students insane.

Israel has extended it's hand to offer peace on many occasions says Bibi, and each time a new settlement begins...this man is not to be trusted by the Palestinians or the Americans!!

The Israeli National Motto:"What's mine is mine and what's yours is mine, too".-S/T

t he islamic people will never play nice. they will always fight their own people and others as the Bible says.

Peace for Ashkenazim fake Jews not for Sephardic and Mizrahim  G-d's chosen people. Netanyahu himself is a Russian Khazar who chose Judaism to cash worldly benefits.

Zionism has become a secular political movement. But they love to use Religious Names and sacred symbols to fool religious people. But when the religious are not looking- they snicker, they scorn, they show contemptYou people are insane! How do you negotiate with some who starts with they either want you dead or under thier control wheres the wiggle room?

Amazing what almost losing an election will do for your views on world peace!

There is no peace anywhere in this world where no unconditional love exists

He meant stealing more PIECE of land.

Those khazar jew animals need to be eliminated for good!

Pro-Israel (AIPAC-ADL) Neo-Con Commie ZioNazis = Anti-American (Anti-Humanity). They are in a struggle for an all-or-nothing gambit for power, enslaving Humanity.

" They shall cry for peace and their shall be no peace"  Israel please don't get sucked in by the New World Order. Haven't you read the ending of your own prophecies. The man that has you sign a seven year peace treaty and allows you to re build the Temple is the anti-christ.

The saga continues...we'll be seeing reruns with predicatable results.

He is just saying that to buy more time, and because that's what the world want to hear. We have heard this trick before, I wonder if he has another new trick besides this old one.

"After many days thou shalt be visited: in the latter years thou shalt come into the land that is brought back from the sword, and is gathered out of many people, against the mountains of Israel, which have been always waste: but is brought forth out of many nations, and they shall dwell safely all of them. Thou shalt ascend and come like a storm, thou shalt be like a cloud to cover the land, thou and all thy bands, and many people with thee.      Go ahead and make that peace deal. God has promised He will fight for you.muslims don't want peace with Jews. muslims are taught to hate jews. the arabs could have had their own state in 1948, 2000, and 2008 but rejected it every time. the so-called palestinians have been betrayed by their own leaders and the greater arab world for many decades; that will continue. Israel will continue to thrive, peace process or not.

David Rosenthal has "Pinkeye".-S/T

If anyone remembers ancient history, who was the person who opened Pandora's box?  Things haven't changed in 4000 years, it seems.

Destroy the dome start the war and let god sort us out.

it is not Israel causing the unrest in the middle east/think about it "if someone were to threaten you/your family would you not take caution and protect?" Israel is always blamed for situations that when one looks at the reality of it/it is the fanatics surrounding them

Why appease this idiot? If he and his malcontents insist on going to war,. let them commit suicide. Mr. President Obama you are a good and decent man, Mr Netanyahu is not.

israel has proven time and time again that they really just want to steal the land. They extend their hand all right, just to grab some more.

You will never have peace when you have the enemy next to you planning your death. Kill them all at once. Hagagites, Amalekites, Phillistines, Hess Bollahs, Hamas, Talibans, Irradicals, they must be eliminated now and for ever.

Medics in West Bank report that camels and donkeys have contracted STDs.

Let's stand with Israel all the way.  They are the chosen people by God to bless the nations of the world.  God will bless those who bless Israel, but will curse those who curse it.  I am a Latin American who loves Israel.youtube -&gt; HIDIOUS ATROCITIES - GAZA 2012 - Israel Massacring &amp; burning children ..................................................../GAZA - Palestine / November 2012 : New Zionist Bloody Satanic Ritual called this time " The Pillar of Cloud" ..  potential holocaust looms ....

Six million Jews own a nation with nuclear weapons.187 million Muslims own a nation with nuclear weapons.

The negotiations will be dragged out until a new Israeli government is elected or an old one falls (as with Olmert). Then the Palis will be "asked" to start the whole process over again with the next Israeli government. Israel loves this because (1) the supposed "negotiations" keep the international community off of their backs, and (2) Israel keeps getting to create new facts-on-the-ground to use as bargaining chips and leverage in future negotiations. Its all a scam run by Israel with the help of AIPAC and it's control over our American Congress.

who belive any hebrew anyway ?

I have an idea.  Lets get 1 Muslim from every country that hates Israel and 1 Israel counterpart that hates muslims  to make the fight fair then lock them in a thunderdome  until the last one leaves winner takes all of the middle east The winner gets to determine where the losers  have to live.  Maybe Antartica will be big enough for all muslims to live at. AHH who are we kidding they would just complain the penguins were Jewish

The End Is Coming!

Palestinian charters oppose the UN Charter and international conventions WITH consequences: The world community has not approved the statehood of Palestine.

STOP lying, the israeli people want peace but the israeli government does not.

Israelis on Facebook express joy at Jordan bus crash that killed Palestinian pilgrimsIsraelis, including at least one person identifying himself as a soldier, reacted with genocidal joy on Facebook to the horrifying news this morning that 17 Palestinians returning from a pilgrimage had been killed in a bus accident in Jordan and dozens more injured. Early reports had put the number of dead at 14.

I'll bet!I'll bet!

Dream On!

In a world where people believe what they hear on the "news", why not just watch "5 Broken Cameras" and see first hand for yourself. Make your own decision. It is on Netflix and Hulu and only 90minutes long, so there is no excuse to see the truth for yourself.

i only trust "NUTenYahoo" to start more wars....!!!

nothing "new" about their government. same old dinosaurs ruining palestine. they don't want peace or they'd have it by now. all they want is MORE for themselves, less for palestinians. actually, they want all palestinians dead and out of their way so they can populate the desert with more of their nasty offspring.that picture of dudes making a tile collage of obama that says 'HOPE'...that should read 'NOPE'. or 'DOPE'. anything but 'PEACE'.

Netanyahu, ready to make a historic compromise, because Obama is not his puppet, like it was George W Bush.

"Palestinians" is a misnomer. No such thing!

These people know Nothing but Lies and deception trough out their lives.Get out of the Land that is not Yours Move back Poland and Russia

Any one else having flashbacks to Lucy pulling away the football, yet again.

judaism terror is the norm for them chosen to be #$%$ hebrews NEVER trust a hebrew been true since the start of time and we should not belive them now"Peace" is a horrific word if you grow up there. It has been ongoing "peace process" forever.

Current Palestinians are direct descendants from ancient peoples of what they call judea and samaria. They are the ones who stayed in the region but got converted. If they have mixed with Arab blood, its no more than Ashkenazi Jews are mixed with European blood when they escaped from the region. The Pals though are the ones who stayed, so intrinsically a tougher people than the ones who did run. And that may be why Ashkenazii today can't roll over them, much to their frustration.

blah blah blah blahbity blah blah blllllaaaaahhh

Lieberman is saying what Bibi feels &amp; can't say because of the haitiers swiftboat0mamb0 &amp; his boss, 0sambo0mamb0. Do not doubt that to present such a speech, to soften the blow in the near future, already both his forearms and legs were broken by 0mamb0 via NATO. The haiting president 0sama0mamb0 is coming to break BiBi's arms and thighs and then ... And Then ... there will be a return to the stipulations of Wye Treaty, turned down by Arafat.This IS the meaning of Lieberman's terseness and BiBi's speech as one holistic event.Let this 0sama0mamb0 live to feel the remediless pain of his wife and of his 2 kids and, on those days hear the name David LionHeart in back of his prune of a head, y"sh v"z.

B O O H A H !Justice is reserved for ST. Simon of Trent

prelude to a war with iran?? u know, throw in a goody

liar liar pants on fire !!!!!

now thats a laugh ever since that evil G_D hashem got the hebrews lost in that desert 5773 years ago of that cancerous existance and jews the world over are hated and NEVER ought to be trusted.. if I am wrong the rest of the world must be right

peace be still

So...... Relocate the 500,000 people out of the settlements. Blow the damn settlements up and move on! Give the land to them.viva Israel

If Palestinians get peace they'll have nothing to do

Peace???? If you want peace, prepare for war: Si vis pacem, para bellum.

No jew ever wants peace.

"Israel's Netanyahu says new government wants peace"A piece of this, a piece of that

Palestinians sell them their organs so the decrepid jew can live to count another dollar

Issie's NEW GOVERNMENT? Please explain how that differs from the others? In as much as Issie is the problem where does peace enter the equation?

Only God will bring peace to the Middle East and to the rest of the World.

Give them each a nuke and it will all be over in 15 minutes.  This support of either issue is like watching two bullies at recess.  Nothing of value for anyone involved

They forgot the "NO" on the cake.