This from the same NFL who threatens to sue anyone who even dares to record a football game without expressed written consent?  Hypocrites.Don't worry folks;  they'll just pass the cost onto their ticket-buyers next season.C-Pup

A good first step .It's a shame though that the NFL PLAYERS  Association doesn't  help their OWN Retirees better.

This is a good thing. These guys got beat up for years for peanuts and the NFL has largely turned its back on them. This is a good thing.

anytime their names or images or film is used on these players of the past, of COURSE they should receive compensation for that!!  Yet I have not much sympathy for the players that are broke now. they made DANG GOOD money during their time. I have spent all the money I have made, does that mean I get to go back to my old work places and ask for more??? NOPE!!!

Since the NFL is non-profit they have the money. I guess the owners of the teams still think they own you when you retire. This will make up a little bit for the pay difference between todays umpteen million dollar deals and the couple hundred thousand they used to receive oh so many years ago.

Now they should have known better...They had to know that they had to get permission to use these former player's images..

They should also get $$$ from EA Sports because they've been using the retired guys 'likenesses' for years in the Madden FB games.

NFL management are nothing but a bunch of 'pimps', pushing other peoples wares for the good of the NFL and the owners, the players and public be damned...

They need to change the name to National Greedy League. It sure isn't the NFL anymore with the girly rules they have implemented and continue to degrade the game.

Unfortunately, the legal fees add up to 41.2 million.Way to go Jim.  Loved you in the Dirty Dozen!

Without these so called "GEEZERS" we would not have a memory of how football was really played. You guys think you know everything, but you know very little. The Big Wigs of the NFL today are the real greedy Bas(t)ards....

Sue, sue, sue.  If you need more money, sue.  It doesn't matter than you made a bunch of money and wasted it on cars, women and partying.   It doesn't matter that bombarding the public with your pictures and being famous are what you wanted in the first place.  It doesn't matter that you should be better of than the majority of other people if you were not a dumb jock and had enouh sense to save for your old age.  Sue, damnit.  Sue,somebody.

A first step. More is required !

These are the men who made the sport great and for you little babies born in the 80's and 90's who think you know the sport never witnessed the game on the field. Your heros of today know how to jump and run to sign a contract but are just PUSSEYS on the gridiron!

Jim Brown!  Haven't kept up with football since #32 left the game.  He brought with it a passion which, in my opinion, is unequaled by any since.  Never got a chance to thank him for many  great memories!

Well looks like more fans will have higher price to pay now, its just a drop in the bucket for the NFL, but really people don't need to sue, I mean really if a company paid you millions of dollars for working for them, they shouldn't have to pay you anymore. So seriously. But oh well when are people going to realize its just a stupid game

It was OK to over expose these players when they were in their prime.  A good ego boost plus endorsement money.  Now they don't want their historical accomplishments made public?  Are you kidding me?  Just another scam (A lawyer was involved I'm sure)to get more money from the NFL  to pay for their lack of economic sense.

I see that John and Godhelpusall are good little sheople, never question anything, never seeing anything, never knowing a damn thing. You guys are pathetic.

That will cover 1 year of Goodell's salary...I wonder how the Militant Jim Brown will spend his share.  Probably give it to the Black Panthers.

I always LOL when you hear about NFL players and brain injures on sports new cast. Then it gets followed up with a clip of a UFC fighter taking a kick to the face and how the UFC is gaining steam to be a fully legal sport in all states.Are we going to hear about the health efects of round house kicks to the face twenty years down the line.

Wow, what a joke... Greed will be your down fall...

What you have to remember is that most of these guy's lived it up during their playing days like we could only dream of. They should manage their money better and prepare for their retirement. Something we all must do, only they get to reitre with much more and much earlier than most of us.

we gotz paid cause we dont know how to add two and two.

The NFL is a non-profit organization...

These retired players deserve this money and millions more. I heard Al Davis say on a segment of NFL 75 seasons that "we owe a debt to all the players that came before us in this glory we all share;" Now I was not a huge fan of his but he was spot on with that comment. Also these "old geezers" have played in some of the greatest games in history(1958 NFL championship, The Ice Bowl).

kool!

mounting financial difficulties ? save what you earned and don't spend more then you have. simple math.

Jim Brown as stated,"Tonight, I will celebrate with a aged bottle of Nightrain."42 million dollars, gee can the NFL afford it?

More greedy nonsense from players who chose to play in the league and got very well paid for it. Where did all their money go and why do they refuse to actually work for a living.

Huh, paying them for what, why?  Seeing stuff like is just one more reason to forget pro sports in general.

never heard from these player until their name gets used, some were over rated

These people made way above the norm for their pay, they should have saved some.....

Congrat Big Jim, this is a good thing!

They have the nerve to call what they broadcast now, Football?? With Mr. Billionaire lobbyist Goodell trying his best to make a violent game, SAFE?? Pretty soon it will be like basketball, a whistle every two minutes for a flag because someone with pads on got hit like they had pads on. I'm all for making the game safe, but to hear talks about removing kick-offs altogether makes my stomach turn at how pink panty this is becoming.

Im sorry but a bunch of sour former NFL Players with their hands out asking for a pay Day 20 plus years after they retired is getting OLD. I get it they "didn't know" how severe their injuries were back then. They DID know they were playing Football right?? That it was not a safe free game?? Many of them are sore seeing players today getting 10 million dollar plus a year contracts when they made peanuts in comparison.. I get it but when you played you got good money for the time you played too just did not make you a millionaire.

I thought the NFL owned the films and had the rights to them. Now I guess when Packers fans are in the picture for THE LEAP the fans will have to be paid to.

Seems quite reasonable.  No reason the league should be able to market the identity and image of retired players for profit, while prohibiting the retired players from doing the same.  Don't we all think its strange that retired players wear goofy "similar colors" jerseys during commercials? Yet the league can pimp their image and video footage in a 'best of" collection right after the Super Bowl is played?these idiots would have no identity recognition if not for the NFL.  Are they not public figures, can't their images be used as politicians and so called actors

But if we want to watch an NFL game with a bunch of people in public, that's a no-no. Effin' hypocrites.

Poor guys. Imagine seeing a picture of yourself on tv showing admiration for your career. Then realizing you were not cashing in on that good will. Poor poor guys. How do they live with that?

And the PUSSIFICATION of American sports continues....

Too bad that making Roger Goodell resign wasn't part of the settlement.

Uh, it is about time for the present to take care of the past that created the foundation of sucess today, whether positive or negative, so there!!!

Good for jim brown and the other players.This guy is a legend and deserves the compensation.

Joint replacements, organ failure, and dementia care should be covered by the NFL for all retired players.  Most of these guys played in an era that knew none of the disturbing results of head and body collisions long term for players.  When you have retirees with dementia committing suicide so their brains can be autopsied it is time to step up NFL.  Your anti-trust status should be reviewed by congress to leverage better care for retirees.

Jim Brown nothing but a race hustler.

Agree with Godhelpusall. These old geezers are just greedy bas(t)ards!Common Goods Fund??? Pay the living directly!

42 mill that's chump change to nfl thats Rogers salary in like 1 year #$%$!

I am glad, alot of these older players need help and were taken advantage of. John Fitzgerald is from my hometown, my dad was his QB in High School. John went on to win two Superbowls with the Cowboys, and had so many injuries and now has cancer.

$42 million aint #$%$.

What the NFL needs to do, is be a financial nanny for these numb-nuts and control their $$$ until they are 65. They obviously can't figure out how to do it on their own. Squandering millions is the norm.

Financial and medical assistance for a bunch of former millionaires? Did they never hear about investment, a 401K, gold, anything? They've already enjoyed more perks than most of us will experience in a lifetime. Maybe that 50 room mansion in Miami was'nt such a good idea after all.

This is not right. The NFL gives them a much better life for them and their families. they make them famous and role models. and just because these uneducated players lose all their money (for the above mentioned reason) and are greedy as can be, they decide to bite the had that fed them. I would have just said thank you again NFL.

NFL is a non-profit organization .

The NFL can't give enough help these guys enough! Their the people who made the League the business success it is today-not the TV pitchmen, the wormy lawyers, the fat-arsed owners/enabled family relations.

Good for them! Get all the money you can because the owners of the 'plantation' will seek to exploit whomever they can for a buck!Those were real football players and the settlement money is an insult because they give more money away to guys who can play the game the way they did back in the day!

So does this mean I'll finally get to play Madden with a throwback team and have Joe Montana as my QB? The more recent Maddens did away with the throwback teams all together.

WELFARE for former NFL players?C'mon.  Yes, the league blew up and they make more money than you.  That still doesn't entitle you to anything.  You had your time.  Hell, I think former baseball players...'the greats' and their families should file a lawsuit against the MLB for cash.  The true baseball greats played for p-nuts and now look at the league.  A-Rod makes more in 1 game than DiMaggio made in a season and A-Rod can't even do his job in the post season.  Former MLB greats or your surviving families...get that MONEY!!!  If they can have welfare for stupid NFL players you should get it too

$42 mil is chump change.  They'll just add a couple more cents to merchandise with the NFL logo.

Most of you will disagree with this but…..Fans paid for them to play, we paid to watch them and now in old age we the fans again are going to pay their medical issues (Sounds like the Government). These players past and present got more money than the average person will see in our lives, they had the opportunity to invest for their futures just like we all do, and now we have to supply them medical insurance and coverage  ( Wish they did this for our Military active and retired). Didn’t most of these players also get a college degree for playing sports as well?

Falling victim to rules they made.

The all powerfull Goodell is just trying to make nice with the retirees so the concussion settlement won't have to be in the billions.

The attorney fees for the players is 43.5 million!

I I believe that the guys they are talking about didn't make millions of dollars. These are probably the guys that only made a few thousand during their playing days. When during the off season they HAD to take on other jobs. So if that's the case then yes the NFL should pay them. They paved the way for these multi-millionaires of today. I’m sure if your grandpa’s likeness showed up somewhere within a multi-billion dollar organization advertisement w/o his permission you’d be fighting for his rights as a former employee….

Goodell should change his name to 'GetWhileTheGettinIsGood'. He's on a one man mission to candyize the NFL. Nothing but a politician, and a liberal one at that.now if they can pull some of the funds out of the lawyers claws...

Some of the posters on this panel seem to be a little insensitive and selfish. Those that are insensitive probably see nothing wrong with buying bootleg cd's/dvd's. They also do not object to trademark/patent, copyright  infringement, plagerism or intellectual property theft either. I am immensely happy that they are not judges!!!!!!!!

Dennis Hill is Single

all these guy are #$%$ cause they cant live like movie stars   and have gotten hurt .  um #$%$ it is a contact sport   if you are afraid of teh long term affect play something else   other wise stop complaing and find another line of work     booo hooooooo

Good deal. The NFL is making money off of these folks long after their contracts have expired. If the company I work for could somehow profit from my image I would want a piece of that pie as well.

what a scam, could it work for me too. i set up a process that cut my company's costs. i'm no longer employed there. but they continue to use my process and make money. can i sue them for a piece of that $$$. Greed seems to work for everyone else

$42 Million is not enough for those retired players - for is it enough for Lotto winners with average sized families to share it?There are thousands of retired players - lots of Mike Websters (RIP) out there.

why dont they settle the class actions where they screwed the fans at the Dallas superbowl-- they keep dragging this matter out-- they dont care about the fans

Take it out of Roger Goodells pocket!!! He is the most worthless over paid NFL employee ever!!! It's sad that Roger Goodell is getting paid as much as he does ( more than most NFL players) to ruin the game!!!

why is the nfl responsible for their financial difficulties? Is this the same as medical issues? Its seems the "old" players are trying to blood suck the league now because it has become much more popular since they played. Lawsuits filed for anything...the get a piece of the buck.I know I don't get the big picture here but it is annoying as a fan to see this.How much does OJ get?

Nothing like being abused for BIG BUCKS!!!!!

former players from other professional sports organizationsshould follow suit.

#$%$ those retired players should be lucky they was able to get paid for playing a kids game. i would not give them #$%$.

What about me....the fan who may be in that footage..........where's my cut?

i dont think the retired players need this settlement.    They get a good retirement,,, greedy #$%$ as all the players are, retired or current.   NFL is just another entertainment industry.   I guess they just have  TOO MUCH money on hand for this retired loosers.

Jim Brown is like Little Richard ( I invented that all the Time) leader of the Old NFL Mafia .Lot's of Legacy images are used in NFL Promos, So he has a Point..

Without the NFL, many of these guys would have been bagging your food...... now that they are "stars" (because the NFL offered them a place to play) and the NFL keeps them current and relevent....they want money?????Note to NFL: FORGET the past greats.... let them fade away if this is how they are going to treat you!

It's about respect. They (the NFL) shouldn't use the images of ex NFLers without asking, i'm sure had they did so up front it would've cost them a lot less.

Maybe I should contact my old boss and make him give me more money because I'm an idiot with my money and didnt save any?This is nonsense.  The league does not need them to be great, paying them for being one time greats and mentioning their name or showing their picture.  I would ban their name and pics ffrom TV.  It's a privilage to play in that great league, not a take care of the once was because thyey blew the money or were not of the pay scale of today.  Everyone wants a hand out no wonder this place is going down the drain. Jim Brown would get his #$%$ handed to him in todays game.  Now that he got stole some money off the backs of todays players go away.

These pigs were nothing without the league...

Over the years ive come to know a few good NFL retired players..They have had to hump their but to make a buck today...Even todays second string players live like kings i know this first hand by doing jobs in their homes...Its good to see players like Jim Brown are finally cashing in for their greatness

Sad that so many try and sue for easy money these days. They should teach lawsuit 101 in first grade.

i'm shock.. wtf!