Looks like Goldman (and other analysts) are creating a bubble with LNKD. It's now trading at a P/E close to 1000. The advertising revenue can not grow fast enough to sustain it.

Wait until poker is legalized in many states and zynga will thrive

If Groupon continues evolving its website it can become a serious contender. Adding goods, for example has proven a big plus. Searchable deals, too, makes it more interactive. The missing key component to higher time on the site, ie greater sales is faces. That is, user faces - this is the reason everyone does FB all day. A simple human foible, pride, could turn things around for Groupon. Allowing users to upload their picture, plus pics of their Groupon experiences would give a feedback loop to merchants with free secondary advertisments, plus ensure quality control for consumers, as better deals get better feedback (comments should be allowed). A Groupon locker would store user pics and picks. If FB can do coupons, Groupon can and should do faces. Just a bit of programming and more servers to handle the data. Zuckerberg put his basic program together in a few hours, and a 1.2 billion dollar cash pile ought to provide the server base, it's not rocket science, just basic human psychology. Making the move from already campy edits to user-generated input with pics is a natural progression for Groupon to become a social and merchandising juggernaut.

Thomas D. Flori - Independant Day Trader has "strong buy" rating and re-iterated target price of $4.00 for Zynga Inc. (ZNGA)

Thomas D. Flori - Independant Day Trader has "strong buy" rating and target price of $4.00 for Zynga Inc. (ZNGA)

LinkedIn has taken to sending all my Gmail contacts a message telling them I wanted them to join my social network.  If this is how they inflate their claim for millions of users, I seriously question their ability to run a real business and reinforces the fact that they can just keep hyping the fact of how huge they are getting so there stock won't fall back to mid 50s on it's way to 10.

Game over for Zynga. Sell on this bounce.

just what is this early glance? some kind of landing spam page for the AP to get you to click on it? there is no info here other than stock prices which anyone can get.