I call you rediculous Bloomberg!.. I'd even go as far as to say your Insane in the Membrane!.

Way to go, fatties!!!

make it a biggie

If they want to be fatties, let them be fatties

"It is simply not the role of government to micro-regulate citizens' dietary decisions," Bryant saidThe only thing government should regulate is the type of food bought by those on the dole. I see people with their EBT cards buying candy instead of rice or beans or meat, soda or energy drinks instead of milk or juice. The Bloombergs of the government need to reorient their positions.

I don't support unhealthy lifestyles, and I very happy for this.  The government has no business defining our lifestyles.

Hilarious! You can't make this stuff up!

These are the same idiots who don't want universal health care. I guess they just love being fat and stupid.

I agree with no restrictions on how people have to look after themselves, PROVIDED, the government gets out of the healthcare business. If I'm taxed to pay for every obese person's mounting medical bills as they get older, then the government should be allowed to prevent them from eating themselves into becoming such liabilities. You can't have it both ways.

taxpayers are paying for subsidized crops.... genetically modified corn....which is turned into high fructose corn syrup... which is so processed and refined it is not even a food anymore...it's a chemical...poisoning Americans...It's wrong! I don't ever eat any corn...I don't want my tax dollars fgong to those farm subsidies ...I'd rather support the small local organic farmers..... People trust the food industry.....But they should not..just look at Middle America...Obesity IS malnutrition!!!!Then how about the government needs to stay out of Mississippi's hospital bills.

Ignorant, obese red-necks prove that marrying cousins results in mental defects.  No wonder the state is always in the Red column.

But apparently it is the role of government in Miss. to decide a women's reproductive rights or whom to choose sleep with.

dam right take your fascist #$%$ back to kenya

Pround to be hog sized, gun luvin Mississipians. They may be an abomination in the eyes of God, but they are what they are!

the only thing i wish the govt would do is  keep steroids out of our food. geez is that why kids are so big? or does the ex ceo of monsanto being the head of the fda have anything to do with.........nevermind.....