how do you get caught that fast when you have a freaking chopper...

these guys were neither brain surgeons nor rocket scientists.

GET TO DA CHOPPA!

Well if you are gonna escape you might as well do it in style and none of that digging tunnel #$%$ ;)

Prison with 480 inmates ? that's the same amount in one cell at L.A. county jail

The old rope and helicopter trick, eh Chief?

Exactly how do you "sneak" a helicopter onto the roof? They are kind of loud.

I'm thinking that they had some outside help.

So did they not cover up their registry markings on the helicopter?

They only got 30miles before they were caught? What a bunch of f'n morons.

"ready to die", no problem, steal a knife and run towards the police when they try to capture you peacefully.Barnaby Jones, Cannon, Rockford, McCloud, Columbo, Kojack, Harry O, McMillan and Wife, Barretta, and Pepper Anderson, they could have stopped this in one hour

That reminded me of that Charles Bronson movie where he does the same thing...I can't remember the name of it, but it was good. Jill Ireland (his wife) was in it too!

How come it always works in the movies?

I prefer the spring loaded pitchers mound escape Joker used in the Batman TV series.

Perhaps they would have escaped successfully if the copter had dropped them into the top hatch of a waiting submarine in the St. Lawrence.

Don't the guards have guns?  Two options would immediately have come to mind:1) Shoot the escaping prisoners.  (Tough to climb a rope with a hole in you.)2) Shoot the chopper.Now if you'll excuse me, I have a few people to call regarding an old A-Team series storyline that they said was not possible.

Sounds like the guards were paid to look the other way. SERIOUSLY, a helicopter comes in to your perimeter and you don't see or hear it?

If that was LA the police would have fighter jets shooting down anything that flies... and cops shooting anything on the ground... (but they do that already)

" . . . Richard said, adding that it's too early to say what the pilot's role was in the escape"- ummm, I think it was to fly the helicopter

Why was the pilot taken to hospital? Was he forced to do this and experienced trauma like a heart attack due to the incident? Was he injured by the escapees or did he put up a fight when the police had arrived?Well, when you have nothing to lose... go hard.

We've got the place surrounded so why don't ya give up ey?

An even more daring escape from jail than this would be to use a police helicopter to do it.

Nice try guys.Better luck next time.Ya gotta admit this was a hell of a try.

Yep - prisons are just FULL of 'smart' criminals

was this a PC prison where the guards do not have rifles?

obviously the pilot wasn't the prisoner, so why was he taken to hospital and in shock?

Are they sure they didn't interrupt a movie in the making?

My question is - what in the world were the authorities doing when this was going on?  A few rounds into the engine housing would bring down most civilian helicopters.

Aboot.What a waist of fuel. Go through all of that trouble only to get busted again - bummer

So wait, they had a helicopter and they only got 30 miles away? Was it an RC helicopter or something??

Are they sure these 2 guys wern't really Ricky and Julien from Trailer Park Boys?

We are now boarding ropes 1 and 2 . Please have your boarding passes ready so we can get the heck out of here Ey!

Escaped via a chopper...caught via a copper.

"It's too early to say what the pilot's role was in the escape." -- Huh? How about ... flying the getaway helicopter?

would love to have been a guard in the tower with a rifle. i mean how often do you get a chance to shoot down a helicopter.

"asscociating with people who have a criminal record" wow, that means everyone on the continent would be incarcerated, especially politicians. Holy smoke.

Escaped   ...eh

Alas, they have been recaptured.The Canadian police used a tactical phrase to get them to give up, "Come out, come out where ever you are."    That scared them so much, they willing gave up.If they had as high a perceentage of African-Canadiens in their population as the US, they wouldn't have enough room in their jails to lock up people on Gun Charges.

This is some James Bond type stuff right here...

The chopper was a good idea.... Forgetting to arrange for a waiting submarine was a huge oversight.

Witnesses say they were humming the Mission Impossible theme while making their escape.

What a complete article. NOT! There was some important info left out when it was written. Was the helicopter pilot the suspect? If not why did he do it? Was he taken to jail for being in shock from being arrested? Was his chopper hijacked? If so, by whom?QUICK! TO DAE CHOPPA!

Nice Try!!!

What's this aboot? Think we should shoot them, eh?Noo, we dun have goons.

Didn't the Guards have any ammunition in their Rifles ???

I guess none of the prison officials had a firearm or anything to fend off the copter. what about the secutiy guard at the main enterance? Maybe they all thought the warden was making a grand entry??

The helicopter pilot was " an important witness"?The trick to being on the run is you have to keep running.

I see a movie coming.

Which is the warden, Larry, Curly or Moe?

Sure, why not.

"The way they're treating me in there, it's unreal," the man told the radio station. "They won't let me be. They put me back in prison for nothing."  Well, smart guy, now you gave them a reason.  Mon dieu que vous êtes stupide.

I knew I could count on the yahoo comments to make me laugh.

Relatives of D.B Cooper perhaps?

Fill in the blanks...The pilot was forced to fly the chopper to the prison ...Most pilots aren't going to torch their lives to break a couple of maggots out of jail.

Well, that was fun!

Great collection speed! Don't run there.I'm glad they were caught, but the fact that they were able to escape in a chopper is really funny. Whirlybirds are treacherous contraptions.

Damned Canadien socialists.

Charles Bronson made a movie like this...

I ski on Mont-Tremblant, beautiful place.  Gotta admit, that's a cool way to escape...fun too!!

Why did they not just shoot to bring the helo or prisoners down. Usually gunfire makes them run leaving the others behind.

Come on, did they want to see the GSP fight?

I just watched the movie Triple X  with that ice cube tea guy....maybe that's where they got the idea. So ya better leave them aloan they just maybe are going to save the world !

whats next a submarine in the drain pipes

"You hear that thuddering noise, Sgt?""Yeah, you reckon a herd of moose be stampedeing, eh?""Don't see nothing in the scrub around the perimeter, might be Sasquatuan rattlesnakes- I'll radio the men and tell them to ignore it"

Thats awesome! They should be freed just for creativity and effort...Perhaps the Canadians should be introduced to our old friend SAM.

The guards thought someone was shooting a movie, eh.

You know, despite how wrong this is I would still be watching it and cheering. At least they did ONE smart/awesome thing in their lives. How many people have escaped from jail on a chopper?

How cool is that?  Didn't this happen in the states once upon a time?

So the guards on the watchtower with guns must not have any ammo?  Or in Canada do they just throw rocks?

I need your clothes, your boots, and your motorcycle.

Was the pilot another person in on this break?

Meh, Lex Luthor already did that with a hot air balloon.

The pilot being treated for shock?  He was shocked that he was caught?  He got zapped by a taser?   Sounds like the Canadian corrections department needs an in-depth review of policies..

I`m guessing the pilot didn`t know his every move would be tracked lol.they tell us in the military to try and try and try and try

They're treating the pilot as a witness and not charging him with anything? That wouldn't happen in America! Hell, he would've been shot down.

God I wish they had a video of the Escape! hahaha...

nothing will stop an Irish from  getting his green beer.....

Any of the prison guards even consider shooting at the helicopter?

Great, but I liked the Alcatraz escape better.  Mainly because I always have such fun thinking of how the screw felt, and reacted, when he realized that the heads on the bunks were fake.  Can you imagine-------.

Lex Luther????

Didn't Lex Luther escape in a similar fashion in one of the Superman movies?

It sounds like the Canadians did it right. Don't try to shoot the helicopter down during the escape, just follow it, and go pick them up later. No disasters, no crashes, nobody killed.

Someone must have watched the movie "Breakout" with Charles Bronson. He used a helicopter to get Robert Duvall out of a mexican prison. Good movie.LEX did something like that in Superman II

Don't they have any maximum security prisons in Canada? After an escape like that they should NEVER be allowed to see the sun again.

I saw that in the movie's years ago with charles Bronson lol

GTFOH!!

Sounds like some Eddy Murphy comedy movie.  Seriously?  They must have had some "pull" to get a helicoptor to hover.......LOL....what morons! Dont do the crime and you dont have to try to break out. LOSERS! Good luck when you get back there!

Why was the pilot in shock? You tell us he is in shock but don't tell us why. Sloppy journalism.

that's quite a story, always heard about the getaway car, not a heliocptor.

Sort of reminds me of Superman II.

How did these idiots get caught again so easily?  They will get rich selling their story.

Obama would have hit them with a drone strike here.....Damn.. they should hire this guys to get the military in and out of hot zones..

escape once, shame on you. escape twice, shame on me. escape three time by the same method?

Guy is in a compound? Well, since this is Canada, how many want to bet the cops aren't going to just go in guns blazing and kill him dead?

so wait..was the pilot of the heli an accomplice? or was he held at gun point? or what?

Was it Lex Luthor. The worlds greatest criminal mind.

This happened in another country too. Several escapees were killed.

wow - this is the stuff of movies.

This is Canada we're talking about here, these guys aren't any danger at all.  They'll come back when they start to feel a little guilty for leaving without permission...

beats the tunnel digging

I used to see these things in movies. The world is really moving forwardever wonder why this isn't done in the US? the guards use guns with REAL bullets

whatever happened to the old 'laundry basket' routine?

You must some real #$%$ sharpshooters in those prison towers, to not be able to shoot down a slow moving chopper!!

So, once againYahoo doesn't give all the details or maybe I missed something.  Did someone hijack the chopper and the pilot and make him go to the prison?

Well --I have say `GOOD TRY GUYS !!!!

Le huh' huh'.

a page right out of a Jacques Mesrine's escape book... the man of a thousand faces

Wow they did it like in the movies!

GO BROWNS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

always wonder why Bernie Madoff has not done this.  with his money, I would have planned a similar escape, then flown to a country that will not extradite to the US.  no way in hell would I sit in a jail cell just waiting to die of old age or sicknessWhat the hell, eh?

"GET TO THE CHOPPER!!!!!!"

i guess it did not go like in the movies

So was there a third person holding a gun on the pilot if the pilot is a witness which would actually make him a victim?

"The way they're treating me in there, it's unreal," the man told the radio station. "They won't let me be. They put me back in prison for nothing."I've heard that one before, I didn't do nothing, Thats not mine, I don't know where it came from.

You'd think that a helicopter escape would be a tad more successful eh?

So no guard has a gun?  They don't have guards in towers with rifles like US prisons?  I wouldn't think a helicopter would be that hard to hit when it's hovering.

They apparently have not seen the show Prisonbreak. Maybe they should.  This was one of several ways that were used to get out.

Oh yeah, intelligent and resourceful prisoners/escapees.  I've seen this only in the movies.  This will make the authorities to work harder to prevent its repetition in the future.

James Bond style.....nice.James Bond style.....nice.

Saw that one on a soap opera about 10 years ago and stopped watching the show because I thought they were writing moronic scripts...ha ha who would have thought

Robert H#$%$an /1/ Exceptional case in Quebec 2/ Two inmates climbed up a rope into a hovering helicopter 3/ Sounds like Mafia involvement 4/ Prison guards saw everything but they thought another James Bond Movie shooting,5/ Hollywood movie " Quebec :Kiss my #$%$ will you"

Better stop letting the inmates watch "Superman 2"...........that's basically the way Lex Luthor escaped from prison!!!

Only a Canadian would get recaptured that fast. Well maybe the French also but not much difference. One thing is for sure it wasn’t done here in America, there wasn’t a body count. Our prison guards would have just shot the chopper down from one of the towers. Like I said no body count, lethal force is authorized.

" The pilot is an important witness", boy I tell ya you can't much pass those Canadian cops

French canadians are idiots.

Real winners, huh? Now losers, back to jail.

I would have gotten away with it too if it hadn't been for that dog and those meddling kids.

They didn't need night vision goggles... but the police might need some if they can't see a chopper in broad daylight.Richard said, adding that it's too early to say what the pilot's role was in the escape........ Ummm... he flew the chopper?

You'd think that people with the intelligence to pull something like this off, would also have the intelligence to have a COMPLETE escape plan out of the country.  I mean, it's frickin' Canada, man.  You can escape further up north?  No one's there...

Canadian guards were so nice that they let them go.

If the helicopter flying over the jail is not from law enforcement, evac or the news:  Shoot it down!!!

Silly me , ...In the movies the prisons have armed guards with( assault style automatic weapons ) (sorry) in towers guarding the perimeter wallsI guess they forgot that the airline industry have that new thing called radarthat can track any aircraft using ATCC and they can send a jet to intercept in minutes.Once outside the walls a car would have been better.

This was like the Charles Bronson movie "Breakout (1975)" in which a helicopter was used to break someone out of a Mexican prison.

These guys freedom will be short live.

Holy #$%$. You'd think Obama was in charge over there.

Just like in the Batman TV series, Joker, penguin, Catwoman escaping Gotham jail via a helicopter over the warden.

Did the guards get pictures of everything from their cell fones.The only thing the Saudis and the Chinese do that I really agree with is how they treat their criminals. You never see them having a violent repeat offenders  :)

Boy that's a made for TV movie waiting to happen (LOL)

This happened in Brazil decades ago. The trafficantes were deposited in the Rochina favela that overlooks Copacabana beach on the Ipanena end. They lived in the favela relatively free for ages. This was back when overwhelmingly Black youths from Rochina would descend to the beach and rampage across the beach robbing &amp; beating those that resisted. The only defense was to run to the street or go out into the water.Quite a sight.I have not seen it happen for 20 years now.Tourists now take sight seeing tours through Rochina.

This kind of thing only really works in the movies. And yes... I can just hear them saying "Get to the choppa!" in a Canadian accent.

Bad planning. Getting out's one thing. Getting away is the the most important thing.

the helicopoter gave em away

Woo hoooo!!!

Now that is how you coordinate a jail break.

"I'm sorry, Nell.  I can't make the Literary Society Brunch tomorrow.  Inspector Fenwick just called, they need me in Quebec.  Onward, Horse!  Duty calls!"

I saw it in a movie once, Who knew TV could be real?Lots of important facts missing in this case great reporting!!

How did the helicopter reach the compound? There should be a "No Fly Zone" in place with measures for those that cross it. Krazy Knucks.

"...trying to find a peaceful resolution" my ssA ...... Shoot the bstrd and be done with it.

Dude hijacks pilot/chopper and tries to spring buddies and the plan failed.  Pilot is in shock at what happened.  That's the story.

escaping in a helicopter is awesome but why didn't they take off to another country?

Half a brain half a plan.

Why am I not suprised that there was no explanation as to who the helicopter pilot was and how he came to be hovering above a prison with a rope hanging down. The pilot is "an important witness". Ya think??

Am I missing something, or did they not say WHY the chopper pilot was being treated for shock? Was the guy held at gunpoint to help and then shot?

I remember an episode of Batman where the Joker escaped Arkham Asylum in the very same manner...

Nobody got hurt(except the pilot going into shock) all were captured so one writes the book and become Bestselling Author to write with plenty of time while in jail.lollol the real story is.........why the F not try !

No, the article lacks FACTS!  Poorly written!  Come on: "Galarneau said there are no security measures in place at the jail to prevent a helicopter from swooping down from above."  WHAT?  They don't have rifles to shoot DA CHOPPA down?  Even an idiot would know a Helicopter has no business flying over a prison and hovering?  Goodness sakes, would that give the Guards time to shoot it down?  No good would come from it?

So why was the Pilot in shock?  Was he forced to fly over and drop the rope?I guess I'll read the article again.

It's not like the brain damaged are only on the inside.

Didn't take long to find out it is better on the inside.

What? Did the chopper run out of fuel or something?! All of that for only a 30 mile dash.

Tracking devices is the only way to be caught that soon.

I guess they don't have towers with armed guards in Canada . . how aboot that!?!

Another case for using drones. The kids were probably busted for a doobie and had to bunk with violent criminals. Watch; Drones, everywhere.

A Quebec jail you say ? Sounds like Paradise to me ! Now, some African or American jail i'd be gravely disappointed to be in.sac le bleu... savoir fare is everywhere... a story that hollywood hasnt thought up yet, but they're now scrambling to write the script

I usually opt for a F-22 Raptor when I escape from prison.

Those crazy canucks.

The inmates must have been in radio contact with the pilot, threatening to kill him if he didn't hover and drop the rope.  Being Canadian, he had to comply.

What do you expect when they have TV and Cable in prisons!

Ha, they've been watching Prison Break, Episode III.

This same exact thing happened in mexico, cept it was a schoolbus, not a chopper.

Lol, Davicnci's quest is on and I was just mimicking the dude.

Gotta admire their determination to escape.

GET TO THE CHOPPA!GET TO THE CHOPPA!

It's high time that helicopters were banned....

in viet nam helicopters were the way to go. noyhing has changed.

A helicopter is the best way to make a sneaky getaway, everyone knows that

Oooooooooooo,daring!

I thought Lex Luthor used a hot air balloon and ladder...

Firearms charges, that's strange because Canada has very strict gun control.  Oh wait, he’s a criminal and gun control laws don’t work on him.

Had to use a helicopter, the Hindenburg wasn't available.

this is another reason obama needs drones.

"Your days of finger-banging ol' Mary Jane Rottencrotch through her pretty pink panties are overWow like something out of a movie.

Wow that is some Hollyweird type of story!

No one thought a helicopter hovering over a prison was a bit odd? Even if you're afraid to shoot the helicopter down, they're not really that fast. Do Canadian police not have choppers of their own? Just follow and re-arrest them. Of course, being a red-blooded American, I still think shooting it down would have been more fun. You could have sold tickets, $5 for 5 rounds at the helicopter. Hell, if the Canadians are desperate, they could just ask a nice US citizen to borrow one of their rocket launchers for a few minutes.

Maybe in Canada, not in California. We have specific guidelines on what to do in an attempted escape by helicopter. It includes where to shoot the helicopter at in order to disable it. Pay attention here inmates and outside help, it includes shooting anyone running to the heli. Canada yes, Cal. no.

What kind of guards do they hire? Were they asleep or just incompetent.

shoot em

This is why guard towers need shoulder fired rockets.

are there black people or mexicans in Canada??

They tracked down where the helicopter was.  Only the pilot was at the scene....?  I give up...they have a pilot but no helicopter at the scene where the helicopter was.  I need help with this one.  WHERE IS THE HELICOPTER??????????

The way they're treating me in there, it's unreal," the man told the radio station. "They won't let me be. They put me back in prison for nothing.",,,,Dont like prison? Dont go!Didn't go according to plan a

And to think this is what our European friends want with our country... to give up guns.. Yeah right! I thought guns were heavily restricted? So much good that does!

When you consider this was done in a movie and has already been done twice at American Prisons you would think any aircraft approaching a prison would be shot at. It's not like this was the first time this has happened.

Didn't Lex do this in Superman, only he had a complete plan.   "We did it now what"

Which came first, the crummy movie or the failed escape?

Bush did it.

"For a while I didn't have a car, I had a helicopter...no place to park it, so I just tied it to a lamp post and left it running."-- Steven Wright

Lex Luthor and Otis have done it again!

The story is unclear. If the pilot was not involved, who threw the rope? Why was the pilot in a dazed condition?

Charles bronson pulled this move to spring robert duvall out of prison in a movie called lets get harry.Just  when you thought you had figured all the possible uses for a helicopter.

Ha, like to see someone try that in the US. Good luck on that one!

So just how does one plan an escape? Do you call up a Avionics company and ask for a Helicopter to be in position over a Federal Prison and just give them a Credit Card number?I have to give them an "A" for trying...but an "F" for completion. This is too funny.

Sooo, I assume the pilot was in shock because there was an accompliss that forced him by gunpoint to participate in the escape or he's just a good actor. Maybe CNN has the whole story

Security, apparently no one in armed towers there if they even had any.  How about making them prisoners?  Cell, food, bed, toilet- no tv, computers or rec of any kind, allow them text books and an education.  The pilot "an important witness", if not forced he was complicit.  Obviously these idiots didn't have a game plan at all.

good ride ha?

If only Andy Dufresne had a chopper...

kinda F'd that all up,but,yes,a b+ for effort,you made a go of it for sure,glad no one was hurt

They had a cunning plan. Unfortunately it doesn't sound like it worked.

Ahhh, aren't the Frenchies a marvelous bunch of dolts.Canada apparently prosecutes people under Gun Laws they already have.

but both were later recaptured.....WHY???Shoot to kill, save TAXPAYER dollars.

▀▀▀▀█▀▀▀▀─▄▀█▀▀█──────▄█▄▄█▄▄██████▀▀▀█▀▀▀█▀▀─▀▀▀▀▀▀▀ .╔═══╗──────────╔╗║╔═╗║──────────║║║║─╚╬══╦═╗╔══╦═╝╠══╗║║─╔╣╔╗║╔╗╣╔╗║╔╗║╔╗║║╚═╝║╔╗║║║║╔╗║╚╝║╔╗║╚═══╩╝╚╩╝╚╩╝╚╩══╩╝╚╝.

They  forgot  to  mention  which  criminals  are  high  end  enough  to  have  helicopter  pilots  as  buds   .  .  .What  were  they  in  for  ?   ?   ?

Movie!!!

Movie to follow.

"He's going to be questioned later on by investigators, within the next couple of hours," 'Richard said, adding that it's too early to say what the pilot's role was in the escape.'Off hand I'd say his role in the escape was probably to fly the chopper. LIke DUH!

I suspect Organized Crime.

"He's going to be questioned later on by investigators, within the next couple of hours," Richard said, adding that it's too early to say what the pilot's role was in the escape. Uh........My guess is flying the escape chopper? Uhhh?

Helicopter?  Wow....whatever it takes.Oh wow...this is something you only would have seen on an action film.  The only thing is, they all probably ended up getting caught, and having longer sentences.

They should have had some dummies in clothes with latch hook on them waiting about 1 mile away... hover the copter, latch the dummies and send them on a 29 mile goose chase.

Wow...even if caught later. My Heroes... only for the creative attempt.

They felt sorry for breaking out so dexided to go back and apologize and go back in

Hmmm

Ricky and Julian?

Go, stay, or if dropped out, re-enroll into college or this could be you.

Never saw that happen in florence or Marion. That jail MUST be BAD!!

You'd think if they went through all the trouble to plan and execute an escape with a helicopter they would have also planned some follow through.  Lame.

they didn't get far, they must have forgot to fuel upthey didn't get far, they must have forgot to fuel up

I see another Made for TV movie here!

There has got to be more to this story don't you think?

This is why home owners need shotguns somebody like this guys coming to the door at 3am come on in let me show you my little friend

Rocky and Bullwinkle

The Mounties got there men.

"Why didn't I check the gas tank? I thought YOU checked the gas tank!"

I can guarantee that if they do it in the U.S there are measures to prevent it.  The preventative measures are called guns.

They'd have probably gotten farther from the prison but the Frenchies probably got cold dangling beneath the helicopter in their Speedos.

Who was on guard duty Dudley Do Right?Hello... Acme Sight Seeing Choppas....Do you do pick ups ...eh?

From Canada? Why as a American does this not surprise me? I live near the border I know! Most of them just are not all that bright from what I've experienced. Go figure they allowed the hells angels to get out of control to the point where one of their bombs killed a child and then the president of the hells angels was allowed to go free? They are as bad and as stupid as Mexico!

"the pilot "an important witness" in the case"A rope?I would call the pilot a suspect first and take it from there.

Awesome. But instead of a simple rope I would have hanged one of those rope ladders. If the guys knew that I was coming, I only had to sweep for very few seconds close to the ground and they could have easily jumped into it to be lifted safely. The guards wouldn't have had a chance even to react lol

I hope that ANONYMOUS may do some research on the claim by this inmate, Yves Galarneau, and if there is any sign of truth, THAT IT MAY MAKE IT PUBLIC VERY WIDELY to shame any rotten individuals in position of authority who may be abusing such authority.Such abuses are all so very common.

Hey! Bonjour, gettez moi le heck outta here!

Years ago there was a big time drug smuggler jailed in Miami. The smuggler's crew hired a helicopter pilot to bust him out. The problem was the pilot had only about 3 hours of flight time since he was licensed! He also had a tiny helicopter that he rented. The copter came in over the prison yard and hovered and when the smuggler ran and jumped up and grabbed the landing skids the copter tipped to the side and the rotor hit the ground and the copter crashed. The smuggler broke his leg and the pilot was injured too. Now the prison yards all have poles with cables strung across the tops, like a big spider web, to prevent any future helicopter escape attempts.

This sounds like a cartoon. Even though apparantly this has been done a lot in the past, I don't see how it can happen unless there is inside help. Unauthorized helicopters can be shot down when over a facility like this. Why does this continue to happen? At least they've been caught.

Wow better than a movie.

Wow...great idea gone bad...only got 30 miles away??? With all the remote wooded areas out there in Canada...Those guys were in prison for a reason, making poor decisions apparently."We were filming a movie"

Canada Fail

There was a similar case years ago in Michigan.

It's Canada and frankly, I'm shocked that the men didn't use a moose in their escape.

Didn't I see something like this in an old Superman movie? Or was that a hot air balloon?

Straight out of Hollywood,now that's how REAL gangsters get down

Inmate 1 to Inmate 2: "This isn't what I meant when I said 'let's fly the coop,'"

You know how hard it is to smuggle a helicopter into prison?  Lord knows I do.

I can't help but laugh from start to finish reading this.  I keep imagining this angry group of Mounties furiously chasing a helicopter on horseback.

Here's a hint... the pilot's role? He flew the aircraft...Helicopter escape from jail = gansta.Getting caught 30 miles away = not gangsta.Being French Canadian = double not gangsta.

Too bad they weren't illegals in the USA. Obama would of set them loose for free and blamed it on the Republicans! Leadership at it's finest. Excuse me while I throw up.

hosers!

I always wondered how someone could get away with this. Why don't the guards just shoot the helicopter? Then a few years ago I read a story where the pilot had his family abducted and was forced by the captors to try this same kind of escape for their inmate "friends".I guess law enforcement must think that the average criminal doesn't have the funds to own their own helicopter so if an escape like this is tried.....something must be up.

Did something get lost in the translation?  Why was the pilot taken to the hospital?

Are the jailers in on this ?Paid off ?Why didn't they shoot the helo down.They are fragile machines.

What was the helicopter pilot's  role in the escape...MMMMmmm, let me think.??? Nope, nada, can't figure it out. Holmes, I think this one is for you.!

Yep, they tried this same thing over in Turkey somewhere back several months ago, very different outcome though.  The guards shot the escapee's and the helicopter.  I guess the guards in Canada throw rocks.

No controls?  Doesn't this prison have armed guards with high powered rifles in guard towers??  I could have taken that civilian copter down myself with less than 10 shots at that range.

I think its against the law for police officers to have and use firearms. only can use a noodle, a wet noodle,  to smack a criminal on the hand and then police must repeat 3 times to the criminal "I am sorry" and then must pucker up and kiss criminal's behind. Canada and Britain are filled with wussies..........they should let the Queen rule.Holyshlt!   Gun control nuts in Canada have even taken away guns from prison guards????

if you're not allowed to leave that way shouldn't there be a fence or bars up there

I wish they got away. Too many people in prisons.

Escaped in a helicopter and got caught 30 miles from the prison...what a taste of freedom that was....NOT! I have a feeling those former escapees are not the brainiest.

Escaped from a Canadian jail? Try that in an American jail if you thought that was hard?

Hudon-Barbeau, "the way their treating me in there, its unreal" F/O convict...  hopefully you are in solitary for life, #$%$.

If that happened in the US it would take months to find them.

What is up with these helecoptor escapes lately? I think I have heard of 2 or 3 others in recent months. At least these guys were recaptured quickly.

I smell a "Trailer Park Boys" episode

Somebody Has Been Watching To Many Movies !!!There was once a prison break by the most diabolical criminal known to man. Oh wait, that was Lex Luther in Superman.

Life looks more and more like a Hollywood movie everyday. Go after them like a pack of wolves.

I guess they've been watching old Charles Bronson movies....

remember the old saying :"out law  guns and ...................then,   only out laws  will have guns (and helicopters")--  their gun laws enabled this to happen   the pilot  was unable to defend himself from kidnapping      because of their    silly #$%$      self destructive, anti gun attitude-------,ol'1929 tank gunner,   U.S A.  vet. fired this shot,  .....,thank you  for the opportunity to speak

If these guys were only there for marijuana possession and buying and selling to adults, then hooray for them!! Don't get caught!! These anti-marijuana bigots - cops and politicians -  will fall!!

"You forgot to get gas, you dumb F'n moron. Holy F'n SH!" -Danny

Install steel posts, 50 feet tall and fifty feet apart on the grounds. Twenty feet up the pole you can install "rat guards" like on ships mooring lines to prevent the yard apes from climbing the poles too far. No more problems.

"According to a provincial police report, Hudon-Barbeau was arrested in November on two firearm related charges and associating with people who have a criminal record" That second charge in Quebec probably just means he was a biker, probably Hells Angels....

this must have been a slow boat chopper.

That is the way to do it. If you going to scape from a prison a Learjet most be the first option, a close second is the helicopter option.It was tried in Miami years ago and failed.  You can't just fly around undetected.

Sounds like a TV movie plot!

the chopper piot was just cruising around with a rope ladder hangingout for anyrandom takers?...the pilot is in a hospital being reated for shock?  this is some strange friggin' story.....

you really have to have a pair to try something like this. Very little get away plans, but a whole lota sand to try it.

omg, you already have a chopper and you still got caught!

And stop running those hollywood escape movies in the prison.

Wonder if they had speakers on the choppas playing loud musicTO DROWN OUT THE NOISE FROM THE ROTOR BLADES.!!!

The lesson of the story is....The French are incompetant at escaping fom prisons in helicopters.

Holy cow batman,lex luther escaped again.Or was that superman's problem?

Sorry guys, the gas light is on so we have just enough to make it over the fence... Criminal minds are so dumb!Whos choppa eh?I taught it was yers eh.

they did what the seals did ...but half the cost

and you thought killing that old useless caveman was something......these guys are much,much better

boy, these guys are BETTER then those costly money wasting SEALS...we should learn from them

RCMP gets them every time.

Were the shooting a movie?

How do people who escape prison get arrested again? If I get 1 mile away from that jail, you WILL NOT find me. Especially if it's in CANADA. There are so many places to hide there.

I tried to Chopper out of my First Marriage! The Chopper crashed! And my wife, the Warden, tackled me on a full run ten miles from the house. For the next 6 years she's  MARRIED THE HELL OUT OF ME!!! My new tunnel is almost complete. Wish me luck.

They probably got the idea from a TV program from a couple years back.

it happened in puerto rico in a federal prision an american federal prision the tried it in florida so this is nothing new the only news is they have prisions in canadaThey have prisons in Canada?

Why didn't the guards just shoot them as they climbed up the rope? Let me guess.... prison guards don't carry guns in leftest-land Canada.

The story stated "investigators still aren't sure what the pilots role was in the escape". UH?? Maybe he drove the helicopter?

Lets break out of here, eh? Ok, lets do this, eh? lol

Qu'que c'est...fa fa fa fa fa fa...psycho killers, run away..... - name the that toon, and you can win a free helicopter ride.

Good work to capture them so quickly.However, don't the guards have rifles?As they're climbing the rope, just shoot them.And fire a few rounds into the helicopter as well.Sure discourages repeat attempts.

Ah Quebec. Les prisons sont si fort.

Genius

+1000 points for style.

I guess they watch too many movies in jail. They should be working instead of watching movies."Can I go out for a drink with my friends""ok, just be back by bedtime"

2 inmates escaped in Blackhawk helicopter and landed on old Akula submarine with live SS-16 missles...feared they might reset the GLOSNASS trajectories and take out FBI and WASHINGTON along with NYC Wall Street..God wish I had dreams like this more often?

What does a person have to do to get a job as door gunner on one of those choppers? My chopper would be a gun ship named "cop karma".

So, either renting a chooper is cheap in Canada or the criminals were rich...

It's the French Canadians for god sake. The guards were taking naps.  In Arizona, we would love to see a helicopter swoop in.  As soon as the prisoner touched the rope ladder, we could start shooting.

what were they in prison for?

I wonder if they made it ?

If this was done in the US, there would be 3 dead people.  The pilot and the 2 inmates.  Canada needs to grow some balls eh.

FREED BY OBOZO

Did the guards get pictures of them climbing the rope?Sacrebleu!

Those criminals must be very well funded.  Last I checked helicopter rentals and crooked pilots don't come cheap.

Didn't they do this in superman

It's like the Superman movie from the 70's with Gene Hackman.  Trade the balloon for the helicopter.

"The pilot was treated for shock, Richard said. He called the pilot "an important witness" in the case" But, its clearly obvious that this "Pilot Guy" is part of the whole escaping plan or did i miss something?

Maybe guns could have stopped this.

jus' like on t v

dumb a()s()s()es() use a chopper to get away and get dropped off 30 miles away when theres countless woods to be lost in duh,!!!!!!!!!!

Next time they should try a silent heli.

The chopper is now facing a 30 year sentence .The chopper had no comment and as of yet has not made a phone call for a lawyer.They thought they were part of a movie scene!

your in prison for being stupid, you get caught by the same reasoning

well... there goes their movie night... that was in a movie !

better luck next time........

Lets hurry and get to the rope ladder, aye.

It would help to have a plan for after the fact. Then again, beavus and buthead are not the brightest in the bunch.

Wasn't something like this in a movie from back in the '70s or something? Can't remember the name of it. You would think they would have had the chopper full of gas and gone a lot farther away. Sounds they didn't think this out to well.

I guess if that happened in the U.S. there'd be a ban on helicopters.

Bubbles, Julian, and Ricky. At it again.

How did they get caught that fast. Movie deal for all. Making money in jail.Quite a move EH ??

Kanadian Keystone Kops LOL!

Damn....I didn't think they had any stones in Canadia......hats off.

Was Lex Luthor one of the escapees?

I remember a skit in Family Guy of the same thing happening.

So the gunman in the guard towers were asleep? Or to busy stuffing their mouths with donuts!

I bet the Canadians are going to blame this on America.

I would have loved to see that :)

HELICOPTERLESSONS?  Lu vous avez été encore une fois jouer aux jeux vidéos et apprendre à piloter un hélicoptère ? La prochaine fois s'il en existe un ? Prendre une intead JETLONGRANGER de l'un de ces petits eggbeaters ? Obtenir de kilométrage et la distance entre vous et la poursuite ? La plupart ont assez de carburant pour 2-3 heures de vol sans un réservoir à vessie ? Note pour le voleur ? N'oubliez pas de vérifier le niveau de carburant avant d'arriver à une telle hâte, et ils fonctionneront sur gaz automatique pendant un certain temps. S'il vous plaît ne pas voler vers le sud, nous avons un problèmes de l'immigration de nos propres sans ajouter de Canadiens à la liste des franchissements illégaux de la frontière ?

Seems the article failed to mention why the helicopter pilot was taken to the hospital.Nice try, points for the ballsyness.

Wow, real evil villian type stuff. I wonder how the prisoner got the chopper pilot to do it for him. The pilot was still at the scene and didnt run, actually, he seemed hurt since they had to take him to the hospital. Sounds like we got ourselves a mystery scoob!

just like  that charles bronson  in break out!

Why do people think they can get away with this?Of course they traced the Helo before it was even out of sight.

The flying directions on the chopper must have been written in English, explaining why these rocket scientists only got 50 km away

Chuck Norris is pissedoff about this

oh these silly canadians

If it were in the US they wouldn't have had to escape, Obama would have let them out and then blamed the sequester.

This story reminds me of something that happened to us one time. We were doing cattle chores one hot summer night and a stray tom cat went into a building that was nearby. We had been trying to catch him for sometime. We grabbed some small fence posts and went into the building to look for him. Well we found him and after a few whacks with the fence posts he wasn't doing so well anymore. We threw him in the back of a pickup and then ended up in town later that night. Someone got the idea to put him in the back seat of a guy's car that was parked out on the street in front of their house. So we slipped over to the car and threw the tom cat in the back on the floor. What we didn't realize in that the car wasn't being used and it sat there for about three weeks with the cat baking inside before someone discovered the grizzly find. I'm sure it didn't smell very good. I think they had to burn the car to get rid of the smell.

Hey given Mexico's system, I might think about that if stuck down there..with all their corrupt BS... I'd consider it... then land back in America and run for office against anyone who didn't help get my innocent backside out... poetic justice comes to mind..Smh!!!

Any of you ever been to Olongapo?

Was the pilot inbred??? Hard to get away with flying a chopper (unless stolen) into a jail to help prisoners escape when your tail numbers tell who you are and where your from.

"..two firearm related charges and associating with people who have a criminal record." Associating with a person with a criminal record is a crime in Canada? That can't be right.

Who was the pilot? The Today show reported that the pilot was being treated for shock as though he were an unwilling accomplice.  Was he e friend of the inmates, was he kidnapped and forced into aiding and abetting, what???

Well you know the questions begs.....why didn't these frenchies try and shoot the helicopter down?

establishing a security perimeter around a building where he had barricaded himself.  He should of just stayed in the secure prison, some people don't know what they want.

Hosers

A for effort!

That sounds like a scene straight out of Trailer Park Boys!!around any prison, is a out side perimeter post.  3 to 4 posts with armed officers. some with towers, some with cars,  with instructions to shoot a chopper, with our fail. to shoot a inmate going over a fence, and so on.. where were the posts on those grounds??  what about inside security? where were they?  this story, just does not make a drop of sence...

Word on the tier is that they were gay and wanted to go to NY to get married

i need your clothes,your boots,your motorcycle!!!!

Inmate said the way he was being treated was unreal. Your in jail you idiot, try next time to be jailed in America, where prisoners are treated better that our soilders.......

There was a movie released in 1975, "Breakout," stariing Charles Bronson and Bobby Duvall.

These guys escaped from the guys who are protecting society?  Whoa!

Thin Lizzy.

To the Bat moblie Robin!! Theres been an escape!

Sooo why was the pilot treated at a hospital??? Did he crash ??? Was his chopper hijacked and forced to help in the escape or was he involved in the plan???       Ahhhhh I have questions ..... Also if you have a helicopter why only go 53 miles away instead of 1,053  duhhh

I loved the part about trying to figure out the pilot's role in the escape...The Canadians were unarmed and ill-equipped to deal this situation because it did not make sense."We were not expecting a break out because it was illegal and wrong. Justice needed to be served, and an escape would symbolize anarchy and mayhem....complete disregard for the law. Canadian law is not equipped to deal with insubordinate criminals!"Warden Jaques C'seut was quoted as saying.

I can see it now:  Cons climbing the ropes and the "Mounties" shouting, "Stop that, eh?..or I'll be forced to ask you politely again to stop that!"

awesome!

Was the helicopter pilot hijacked and forced to fly there or something? What a good plan to escape -- if only they had finished planning what to do once they actually got free.

seems like the chopper would be a sitting duck. if the security is bad enough that this would work I'm thinking a chopper wouldn't even be needed.

how do you get caught that fast when you have a freaking chopper..,They have to land sometime...

In America the guards would have shot the helicopter down.  In Arizona at least!  LOL

A little over a month ago, about a dozen inmates at the Saint-Jerome jail stopped saying please and thank you....

Skip the running to Canada part.

this is what happens when you let inmates watch prisonbreakMaybe he should've tried an air balloon at night. It worked for Lex Luthor.

The sequester was probably the cause. According to the news media the sequester is the cause of all problems.

In Illinois inmates do not need to attempt escapes. Governor Quinoccio releases them.

the link to this story should have said escapees' whereaboots.

well if they make it here, that would make them illegals, so the sequester will set them free.

Canada prison is like day camp!

Its Canada it couldn't have been that hard.

If you're going to escape by helicopter why not fly further away...then find a car/bus/transportation to take you even further away.

Right behind you Mr. Luthor!

Shoot Down the chopperNot exactly the most low key and inconspicuous choice for escape. No wonder they didn't get far.

Guess stopping for beer was a bad idea...

Wonder how long it took them to plan this? How much money was it gonna cost the pilot once he got them out? Real smart thinking.

That's funny...in Mexico they just walk out of jail and they never get caught.

Who writes these? Was the pilot high jacked? Did I miss something?

Nothing dramatic like this happens in the U.S.  We just open the doors for our criminals!

That would be a moose knuckle ehhhh!

Pilot was treated for 'shock'?  He must have been flying with a gun to his head!

A chopper seems like a good plan, but it's noisy and a big target. I'd think the tower guardsought to be able to hit it with a lot of powerful rounds. For example imagine it being hit with 200 rounds of .223 or .308 rounds at a range of less than 100yds.  I don't know what the guards have exactly in their arsenal, but I'd be a very nervous chopper pilot.

only in canadaOMG I thought that only happed in the movies

Didn't anyone in Quebec read 10-second jailbreak? Damn...call France and get a few tips!

Quebec lmao!!!!!!!!!!!! EH EH EHEH lololololol!!!!!!!

Do the corrections officers not have guns or something, lol?

Locked up for Maple Syrup embezzlement is a sticky situation

He should've just let the rope go if he wanted to die

I think they should let them go, just for the movie right alone!

Canadians.... lol.If you make a crime then you do the time!!!

Way to go guys!

"it's too early to tell what the pilot's role was".  REALLY?wow , they must have put all there money into buying the chopper and didn't have anything left for fuel , if they only got 30 miles !!!   NOT WELL THOUGHT OUT IT WOULD SEEM

Caught less than fours hours later? WOW!  No one ever said criminals were smart.

What happened to the pilot?

Why didn't the gaurds shoot the thing down??????

Unless the helicopter was of the furtive type I would say that they should have seen this one coming.  I'm not sure but I would hope that all involved were summarily fired.

Does the prison own a rifle?

One shotgun blast of 00 buckshot at the chopper as it was hoovering over the prison yard picking up the inmates would have brought it down! End of story! Where were the guards?

wow. this is too funny. wonder why the guards didn't fire on the chopper. guess they don't give em gun's up there..

They could not hear the helicopter?  Are all the people at this jail deaf????????

They must have said bad things about canadien beer.Do Canadian prison guards have weapons?  Broad daylight in a helicopter and no shots were fired?  Wow!

For them to break out of jail like that and having a Helicopter setup, they deserve to be set free lmao

Prisoners escape by helicopter and police set up roadblocks?

I swear this is something like out of a movie.

The movie with Charles Bronson must of been a true story "?"PMBarker

I think there is way too much work an wars to be fought to keep some of our nation's wildest people in a cage,  ship them to Afghanistan to kill.

"The way they're treating me in there, it's unreal," the man told the radio station. "They won't let me be. They put me back in prison for nothing."  The I'm innocent prisoner.

Does anyone remember a similar escape years ago at the prison near El Paso? [Helicopterpilot's name was Bella.]

Obama was seen flying the helicopter with sun glasses on.

Treated for shock are you kidding me how about jail!! Important witness what?I thought it was the same with XXX part 2 but it's not! LoL!

this is quite similar to the attempted prison escape in James Patterson's Guilty Wives

How does the guard not have time to at least pretend to take a shot? One rifle likely could have prevented this ... although I suppose they don't let even prison guards have weapons anymore. Interesting that the pilot was found ... and treated for shock ... was he held at gunpoint or something?

They can afford a chopper from behind bars and I'm trying to figure out how to afford new tires on my car to make it to and from work . Knock on wood.

Next time the helicopter should drop them off at a local airport.

Brilliant plan. What? They can track a helicopter? Who wudda thunk...

What did the guards think the helicopter was doing?  Delivering Domino's pizza?

Why the #$%$ was the pilot found in shock? Did he crash? Was he traumatized by the escapees? Did he fall and hit his head? Did he have a seizure? Did the police nail him in the face with a less-than-lethal round? Did an alien give him an anal probe? What the #$%$, way to give some interesting information and NO details.

these club feds are so cushy criminals should be BREAKING INTO PRISON!!

where were the tower guards? on break. youd think they would have been licking their lips to have a chance to shoot down a chopper like a movie script.Umm, escaped at 230 pm in broad daylight. The prison has no security to prevent escape from the air. I guess no one in security has a gun. I guess after they use up their pepper spray they're done. Only in Canada. Obummer would have used a drone on them.

Brilliant! Next time disarm the lo-jack yo!

Heck, they went the wrong way, lol. They should have slipped across the USA border and just blended in with the illegals we have here. Got a job gardening or picking oranges. Grew there hair and get free heath care...lol.

Most of us jailbreak the iOS devices, but they went a step farther and jailbroke the Helicopter.

ALWAYS GOOD TO HAVE FRIENDS WGO KNOW HOW TO FLY

The writer never even mentions how the prisoners arranged for a helicopter to just come and pick them up,you suck

so what happened? was it a police chopper hovering above prison grounds and for some odd reason had ropes hanging down it just in time for the prisoners to grab on to before it pulled away?  or was it the inmates who planned this escape and had an outsider fly the chopper above them so they could escape .. #$%$ doesn't add up.

Too bad they were caught, would have made a great movie.

Canadians are too nice

All that effort only to get cought again. I think they did it for the stunt!I wonder if anyone has ever tried the Shawshank way to get out.  I know it improbable but you never know.

They were captured again, back to the drawing board... lol

Wow are canadian cops dumb... The pilot a witness? Right... He probably lowered the rope...

when you read more news there are two males in Greece that have escaped successfully via helicopter.  One has been reacaptured.  French arent very inventive.  lol   too funny

Ok, so you have a Helicopter and only fly 30 miles away. Yes I the Canadians do have similarities with the French...

That is so sick, stright up hollywood style jail break.

Go big or go home I guess.

sac le bluu

I love it when a plan comes together -- John "Hannibal" Smith

They were in a chopper and they couldn't get lost somewhere where the police couldn't find them? They are morons eh.Philip and Terrence could have just farted their way out of prison.

Well that was quite ballsy of them.

True Canadians will help you even if you are prison.

If you escape from Prison, what else you can do in Canada?

Canadian prisoners: "We're escaping, sorry 'bout the trouble"Canadian guards: "It's OK sorry for keeping you locked up"

Thanks for the new NO FLY ZONE OVER PRISON LAW!

If Canada was not so pre-occupied with the guilt of flushing Justin Bieber to us, this would not have happened.

Alright who posted their movie script on yahoo by accident

You got to give them credit ---- and also embarssing for the jail

My congrats to the prisoners for having the balls and brains to pull off a stunt like this. Hopefully, a young American director will take notice and make a movie about this.looks like the police force up there need new training.

I guess they flew the coop so to speak.

What a likey day for holywood.

Mounted Police are no match for a helicopter

"He's going to be questioned later on by investigators, within the next couple of hours," Richard said, adding that it's too early to say what the pilot's role was in the escape....Thanks, I thought he was the goalie.

thought crimes were only committed in Jamaica, sure they are not Jamaicans?

Kick #$%$

the world is spiraling down at a rapid pace, just look at obama for example, thats 1 guy that should be locked up

Chopper to escape?  Had to be an inside job...

How bad are you at escaping? You have a helicopter. Maybe just do your time if you're that bad.How come the dude didnt get his wish when he said he's ready to die.OH that's rite do the Mounties have guns.Could throw a hockey puck at him I guess.

Good...these fools watch too much TV.  Put then under the jail/prison.

They dropped from the getto bird only to find there lair jet was stolen

Look out Superman, Lex Luthor and Otis just escaped AGAIN!

They do everything better in Canada.

That is gangsterrrrrrr

Those prison guards must have been sleeping or in on it. bunch of boneheads fosho. I bet the warden isnt laughing. but I'am.

30 miles!! Fill the tank next time dude!

15 People commenting on the line about the role of the helicopter pilot in the escape. Everyone using sarcasm to the nth degree. Not only do I hate repeat posts, but stupid ones are even worse.Yes, the helicopter pilot was there flying it. The story also mentioned something about the pilot being taken to the hospital. People I know who go to the hospital go because they are hurt. It is completely plausible the pilot was forced to fly the helicopter to the prison and assist in the "get away". If I were a pilot and had a gun held to my head I would probably fly that sucker anywhere I was told to, and so would you.

If he is ready do die, all he has to do is attempt to reach into his pocket. just the suggestion that he is reaching in for a possible weapon, will most certainly get him killed...It works here in the USA. Ask the police in any city....it is standard opperating prosedure.Everytime i read the comments i realize just how ignorant our society has become people comment and dont no half the facts possibly this hellicopter pilot was forced to do this i know you all think criminals are retarted but i cant see a criminal that does well enough to own a hellicopter use his own for a jail break that is sumthin u morans would do the more i read the more i realize how messed up society is everybody thinks there so smart but u dont have a clue

"He's going to be questioned later on by investigators, within the next couple of hours," Richard said, adding that it's too early to say what the pilot's role was in the escape.....REALLY?!!  I wasn't trying to help them escape...I swear!!! LOL

So, an totally unauthorized very LOUD helicopter flies in, lets two prisoners climb up into it in broad daylight....and the guards did...nothing? Are they unarmed?Good thing there wasn't a machine gun or rocket launcher mounted in the helicopter or all the prisoners would be free.

Anyone who thinks "Man, they must have been training or something" because you think it's hard to fly a helicopter, it really isn#$%$ mostly just watching dials, and being careful about moving the joystick

i dont know what emotion to feel.. like really.... you had a chopper... and still get caught???  if your that dumb to get caught you deserved to be in jail

"The way they're treating me in there, it's unreal,"We interrupt this program to bring you breaking news: Prison is not supposed to be a holiday getaway... that is all.

they were going too saskatoon.........eh!

LOL they should just let them go for being so innovative.

Are we missing a "minor detail" here folks??  "He was taken to a local hospital and was treated for shock, Richard said. He called the pilot "an important witness" in the case." An "important witness??" It appears he was an ACCESSORY!! Unless there was a FOURTH person involved who somehow forced the pilot to help!!

That's awesome! The first thing that pooped into my head is the scene from "Superman" where Lex Luther breaks out via hot air balloon. I wonder if that was the inspiration?prison's here would have shot them and the heli down.lol

I'm going to commit some crimes but please let me be. LOL

ease up Lex Luther!!!

seems his crooked friends hijacked the helicopter and the pilot to do thisI see the police cars are all Detroit Iron and not Japanese junk in CanadaCanadians like Detroit brands more than the home country here in the USA

"only the chopper's pilot was still at the scene.He was taken to a local hospital and was treated for shock"I'd be in shock too after getting caught that fast

Really? Canadian prison officers couldn't hear a hovering chopper above prison? You think the noise alone could have given it away...

Cops are always on their donut eh.

Someone has been watching too much Prison Break...

It seems they did not fly far enough.

I wonder if they had 007 music playing in their heads during their helicopter escape.If you cant escape with the help of a helicopter I think you are pretty much in for the long haul.

From what i know the prisons in canada are hotels compared to most everywhere else but some people just cant stant the fact of being locked up oh well guess his release date probably got put off a few days

Soooo a person flew the helicopter over the prison lowered a rope took two inmates away and is later shaken up and considered an important witness, two inmates were on the roof just chilling with no supervision at a maximum security facility, and no air traffic control alerts and no one at the prison noticed the unauthorized aircraft flying towards the prison.........Seems to me that there is a hole in this story big enough to fly a helicopter through.

Smart dont get you in prison, but stupidy keeps you there!!!!

The article doesn't say how their whereabouts were discovered. They want you to believe it was great detective work when it's usually the fugitives doing something stupid or a tipster leading authorities right to them.

Sounds very 007ish like !!

Wow, How'd they get out of the prison cell in the first place?

The crime nor the climb did not pay :))

incredible escape he he

BLACK GUY?This was in the Charles Bronson movie  .

Too Funny in broad daylight too ,clever crooks ?  Not sure they didnt get what 53 miles away sounds like a 3 stooges stunt to me.

Arrested for associating with people who have a criminal record...duh? Of course, they set up roadblocks, immediately!

Were the escapees named Julian and Ricky?

THANK GOD FOR DUDLEY DORITE...lmao

"According to a provincial police report, Hudon-Barbeau was arrested in November on two firearm related charges and associating with people who have a criminal record."It's a crime to associate with criminals in Canada?Hmmm Jesus would be arrested there, I guess :)

saw this headline, read the article and must say this is pretty sweet.  wheather or not they are criminals, its nice to see people thinking outside of the box.  this is really impressive for a jail break, right out of hollywood.

RAMBO STYLE  COOL AS #$%$!!!

What the heck? Is this a movie?! Unbelievable!

Love all the comments--it just goes to show you-stupid is stupid--how do you NOT escape when you got a Helicopter?  this is one for the MOVIES-but make it a comedy (:&gt;)Love all the comments--it just goes to show you-stupid is stupid--how do you NOT escape when you got a Helicopter?  this is one for the MOVIES-but make it a comedy (:&gt;)

well his might make a plot insome movie you never know???

Escape Free or Die Hard Trying...

Coming soon to a movie theater near you...

Why was the pilot in shock?, Did he not get his complementary penanuts and a bottle of water? I can't put my finger on it but I think something is missing to this story.

Inspired by The Shawshank Redemption and Prison Break.

You got that right, Andrew. LOL

I would have landed the choper then had it set up to fly out of that country.

Huh? So was the pilot a hostage or what? It doesn't make sense why he was taken to the hospital, and why he's just a witness and not a suspect....

4 were arrested? Thanks for telling us about the other 2!way to go

Both men after capture had bruises from rocks from Mounties in the escape. All guards will now be issued slingshots to repel escapes in the future.

The canucks probably made the mistake of showing a  30 yr old charles bronson movie. Lol

OH YEAH ! they'll get away !!!!!!!!!!!  BWAAAAAHAAAAAHAAAA ! I thought the only stupid inmates  were here in the states !

This is the end result when you live in a Sosialist colony with out a military and no constitution, against the law to own a firearm or even a radar detector, with a 12% sales tax, oamacare health care and pay about $5 bucks a gallon for gas and OVER $30. bucks for a 8 piece Kentucky fried chicken dinner. Yet they flock to south Texas every winter and brag about how good thier standard of living is. They arrive every Oct, skinny as a rail and head back home in Macch fettened up and admit they can afford that they can afford all the tax free food that they want down here.. When Americans travel to Canada the Border guards really treat us like #$%$ and extort every penny from us possible.  NEVER SPENDING ANOTHER PENNY IN CANADA OR BUYING ANY THING MADE IN CANADA, RATHER BUY FROM CHINA.

A real life Superspy Movie just began.

lol and we thought americans were stupid

This story doesn't make sense. Who were the other two people arrested?!?

Awsome escape except for getting re-captured so quick. Idiots.Anybody who gets caught that fast after going through all that trouble to escape and using a chopper, is probably better off staying in jail before they hurt themselves.

53 miles away? They thought of everything, but forgot to fill up the tank on the helicopter?Can't fix stupid, deserved to be caught.....Helicopter prison escapes actually have a 73% success rate. Actually really smart to do it that way.

They should have been arrested in America...Obama would have let them out for FREE!

#$%$ their kicking their self in the #$%$. thinking they shouldn't f made that McDonald stop lol

I wouldn't be surprised if someone had a gun on the pilot or a member of his family. You would think he would hide the numbers and drop them off hundreds of miles away. But you never know. There is more to this story than meets the eye.

Thats was awesome!but they wasted themselves

Always a drag when you escape and get captured on the same day.  Reminds me of the time I was captured in Budapest.

SO how is it that a helicopter can get close enough to remove people, but not be shot down by at least dozens of guards with rifles?

these guys that escaped they are stupi  #$%$ they are going to get caught again

Quick! To the Petercopter!

I've never heard of anything like this!How difficult is it to shoot danging prisoners or a hovering helicopter?

Come on if you want to escape a Canada prison just ask the Canada prison guard a simple math question and while its taking him hours to figure it out ask the other Canada guard if you could borrow their car to go to the store its that easy.  Not calling Canada stupid eh.

What were these guy's names, Lex Luther and Ottis?  Was Ms. Tessmacher in the chopper?    I saw this escape in Superman II.  The only thing they did wrong is not go "North".

I guess nobody in the prison had a rifle and/or could shoot worth a damn?!?!?

No shoot to kill orders in place for attempted helicopter-aided escapes?

The only plan was to escape with the chopper, after that, they didn't really have a plan after that

It was the A Team

Was that Ricky and Julien?

I see a hollywood movie on the horizon.

Much like two / three prisoners in Portlaoise prison, Ireland in the1970's .... helicopter flies in they fly out ....They had a gr8 idea, but failed to plan the entire escape and were caught. The only thing worse than a #$%$ is a dumb #$%$.

If that was #$%$ Jail FORGET-ABOUT-IT! ! ! they would of got 5 feet up the rope before being shot down lol. . . I gotta say though that's some crazy plan Idk how you set something like that up in prison.

Whoa, woah, wait. So you're telling me that Canada has prisoners?

these inmates must have been quick

A chopper?  They should've used maple syrup instead, eh?Lure a polar bear into the compound, and ride out to them mountains, eh?

I've seen Trailer Park Boys before, Canadian jail doesn't look so bad.

get tom cruise on the linethe next lame script for mission impossible

The Pink Panther Strikes Again

Prisoners are constantly whining...so tired of it.  #$%$ and do you time loser.

LOL Those crazy Canadians. You gotta love them.this is absolutelly daring and awesome,are they members of special forces or army rangers?sunny

they wanted to get out before the double murder wrap would stick.

only in CANADA the land of the STUPID

Didn't that happen at Marquette, Michigan? Some female guard fell in luv with some inmate n hired a choppa to swing on in.

Very inventive trailer park boys?

Wouldn't it had been great while on their way, holding on to that rope in mid-air, they did a quick swope around a McDonalds drive through and ordered a "Happy Meal" to celebrate their new found freedom! ...however short lived it was.

You can't keep Lex Luthor behind bars!

For the Einsteins out there  saying the  pilot didn't cover the chopper markings , etc etc. The pilot was either hired and  threatened or hijacked.  He was in shock and taken to a hospital.  Read the article.

If these enterprising inmates can't figure out a way to make the post-escape work, what's going to happen to us as a society? The monkeys will win!

How many n. L. A ? 485.  N. 1 cell. !!!!  Damnwhat the odds on these 2 at being on the run for a full month or getting across the border into the u.s.a.

There's been a rash of prison escapes recently.  In Chicago 2 detainees climbed down like 40 stories from a federal prison.  The surrounding counties were reporting them frequently. Sneaking out in uniforms.  Cutting out of line.Quite a few high rise fires too. If the buildings were taller, I would have used skyline fire, but those are rare.  1 of them was either a county or city file room.Bus crashes...

Sloppy escape....

To bad they didn't get away! hawha then they would run into me !

you successfully fulfill your plan to escape via helicopter, then you can't even figure out a worthy getaway plan? i mean...you have a helicopter.

Lex Luther comes to mind except he got away.

inside job by the prison and the sourrounding authorities. OVERTIME OVERTIME SUMMER IS COMING. I NEED MORE DONUT MONEY.

How cool is this, straight out of a movie.

Who owns the helicopter that was used for the escape

Didn't we see this scene in Superman II?sooner or later there will be drones flying in and out of these jails, prisons,facilities making escapes...

It is the duty of every prisoner to try to escape.

Who owns the chopper which was used in the escape

That is so cool! Digging a tunnel is too conventional anyway

come to fiji and see what happens to prison escapees.Police n military know exactly what to be done. to see police brutality visit YouTube: Fiji police brutalitly

Canada sucks at everything lol...

Sounds Like a Lex Luther plan

lol Dummies getting caught after fleeing in a helicopter. In a car or on foot, maybe, butin a helicopter? lol that's funny.

sounds too much like a 3 Stooges Movie. lol vive le francais

You aint no whats up in this life of sin...this world is ruled by devilsh leaders, so dont be fkin suprise...devil already overthrow this world....helicopter, how can poor people get connected to chopper? wake up people, it is political gangsterYou aint no whats up in this life of sin...this world is ruled by devilsh leaders, so dont be fkin suprise...devil already overthrow this world....helicopter, how can poor people get connected to chopper? wake up people, it is political gangster

J J Rawlings of Ghana break out also with helicopter in June 19, 1983

Im bummed they didnt make it :(

Almost bad#$%$, guys. Almost.

I'm thinking there had to be a film crew there. It just sounds like such a cliche plot.

Nothing fails but a TRY

they were smart enough to get a chopper to come get them but not smart enough to plan AFTER that?  And that's why they didn't get very far?  No follow through?  I guess criminals really are a bunch of dummies, huh?

Andy Dufresne didn't need a chopper...

Where's Charles Bronson when you need him?

Canada is other rubbish full of thieves, leeches, deceivers, shameless copiers, and low-IQ worthless flunkeysCanada is other rubbish full of thieves, leeches, deceivers, shameless copiers, and low-IQ worthless flunkeys

Yeah the pilot either was involved, or was forced obviously, would have been nice if they had included that info, but to only make it 30 miles away, and they had a helicopter, what the heck????

It's aboot time the helicopter arrived, EH!

How the eff did they only get 30 miles in a Helicopter???

come on jolene why does it have to be a jewish thing,,lol

this is AWESOME!  i would like to try this

GET TO DA CHOPPA.......GET DOWN, NAU!

Were there no guards around while they were climbing the rope that was "dropped fromthe helicopter?"Was the chopper 2 feet off of the ground...?"Ready to die?"Apparently not.

If they are there for victimless crimes. Free them all...

Its those Trailor Park Boys Ricky and julian!!!Its those Trailor Park Boys Ricky and julian!!!

Eh?

Damn, people. If someone has the balls, connections and desperation to break out of prison with a frickin helicopter, just let them go. That's called EARNING your way out.

That story sure has a lot of holes in it. I smell more to this than meets the eye.

The Canadian military will surrender immediately if you tell them you'll shoot. Happened in Caledonia, Ontario and also Quebec.

Pretty good escape dher, eh?

Hey, I saw this in a movie!!!!!!!

Michael Scofield and John Whistler are still at it?

This would make for a neat movie, if t wern`t set in Canada of course. There dumb French Maples couldnt think to have enough fuel to leave the continent???? You can make it surprisingly long distance in a chopper Id say land in Belize..

This idea was inspired by Prison Break.......This would make for a neat movie, if t wern`t set in Canada of course. There dumb French Maples couldnt think to have enough fuel to leave the continent???? You can make it surprisingly long distance in a chopper Id say land in Belize..

This idea was inspired by Prison Break.......

that was a good one

Must be the Canadian version of "Prison Break".

Lex Luther?

HOW did they lose track of a helicopter????

Even with a helicopter...you still get caught? Criminals are getting stupider and stupider.   Had it been me, I'd of had them fly me out of state.

hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

This brings me back to when Lex Luther and his bone headed partner in Superman were escaping prison. How do you only get 30 miles with a Choppa? I mean at least plan where you are going. Have supplies and warm clothes. They didn't even have time to enjoy a fresh Molson(xxx). Come on guys do it right next time.

What did they go right to home.where the cops were waitingDuh?HAHAHAH.dummies

I am glad nobody was killed. Helicopters need to be banned in Canada. The US will probably follow Canada on the ban.

Hahahaha haaaaa And i woulda gotten away with it if it wasn't for that meddling jail warden and the police, drat and double drat

Wow...that is daring.

ah its a GTA cheat code

Lol yo how come yo - nah yo - a flipping chopper wft

why would the pilot be in shock?

Should have let him go just for making such a valiant attempt lol.

Mission impossible!

So why wasn't the helicopter shot at? No firearms only a baton.This is quite interesting, longer jail term for them both hard luck.

didnt sumbody do that already in a superman movie??? lol

XXX State of the Union II: Canadian Bacon!

Should have flown TOWARD Montreal, way easier to disappear there.

G.T.A MUTHUH SUCKUH!!!!!

What canadian moron left the keys in the chopper?

Wish the story had a happy ending

Ooooops! Next time try the Shawshank Redemption system... shhhhhh….try  underground...underground works! Only hitch with that method is that you have to dig a tunnel underground for twenty plus years! Well I guess you guys doing like 19 yrs might find that one a little bit below your standard in which case you have to risk the "bird”. I understand.Well, I use a very reliable system: I try to stay out of the Big House by just not committing any crimes! See, it works! I stay on the level so I do not have to worry about any one of these cumbersome things you guys do after you have been convicted! Try my method: do not embark on an escape, it is risky and unreliable! Just  stay out of jail! If you do not break the law, you would not have the stress of trying to get out of jail "Free"...no rocket science! LOL! Have fun guys.... doing extra time that is!

Thats hardcore

stop, exactly why the "the pilot is shocked"?30 miles in a chopper.mabey they could only afford enough fuel for a short flight.

PRISON MAKES YOU MAD

In America, a screw would have got over a PA system or bullhorn and said "If any inmate steps toward that rope, you'll be shot. Chopper, you might as well take off, because no one is going to make it up that rope alive." They don't have guard towers in that prison?

Dude that's #$%$ awesome I hope they get away with it they're some rad #$%$ dude rt

" Send in the mounties...wait nevermind"

Great, now every prison in the States are going to get more tax dollars for anti air turrets.

How can you not get away in a helicopter. What's wrong with them. It 's not like they could use the pit maneuver.

Awesome, real life not hollywood.

So, Prison Break is real. Here's the next Michael Scofield, lol

This is absolutely straight out of the movies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Don't give me thumbs up or thumbs down on this comment.  This jailbreak is just too cool!!!!!!This is absolutely straight out of the movies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Don't give me thumbs up or thumbs down on this comment.  This jailbreak is just too cool!!!!!!

perhaps they weighted it down...?

hopefully they told the guards we can leave at anytime at some point before this lol

End your F5g Marriage CanaDOHLeviticus 18:22F5g is An Abomination.*Punishment of HELL!*DDEA-th of Aamerica!Psalm 9:17The WWicked shall be turned into HELL, and AAll the nations that forget God.

How could the pilot not be in on it?

Ricky and Julian got their hands on a helicocksucker!?

30 miles.  Sigh.  What a way to spoil an epic getaway.  Andy Dufresne would have ridden that chopper through 100 miles of straight up feces before he would get out.

something pretty!!!!!!!!!!

why would you land 30 miles away that's gotta be the stupedest #$%$ ever.you plan escape in a copter and then only go 30 miles you deserve to be caught/

I thought like the Canadian Jails didn't even have locks on them?  Wow, what will they think of next?#$%$ THE POLICE

Previously on Prison Break....

I guess whatever movie they watched to base their escape on was incomplete...............

choppa style

arrested for "associating with people who have a criminal record"??? is that for #$%$ real??? new world order and no where to hidse.are you ready???

Prisoners escaping in a helicopter in broad daylight.  Their security sucks!!

OH THOSE FLYING CANADIANS.

Since when are we concerned about two inmates in Canada?

""We're still in negotiations and that's still going on," Richard said."  smh

Hadlined sounded like a 007 movie scape but when you read the details, it's Mr. Beans trying to escape with helicopter but forgetting to have enough fuel....those some baaaaddd criminals..

about time!

Reminds me of an old Charles Bronson movie "Break-out."

I hope i don't end up in jail! Is it so wrong for me to be so jealous of someone and want someones man so bad that i drug them and let ppl gang rape them so he wont like her anymore. This girl's name is Angel and she is RICH and i wanted her boyfriend and her money so bad that i was involved in alot of illegal activities..thumbs up if you can understand that i want to be happy and will do anything to b happy

This has actually happened quite a bit....recently too(although that one got shot up), but still you think these fools wouldn't allow that to happen, seriously a chopper? hard to miss

those dummies still got caught. they must have ran out of feul.lol.

Canada is a joke. America should just invade and be done with it.

to quote  scooby-dumb....dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb

in the original Superman movie Lex Luthor escaped via helicopter with a rope

damn after all that hard work,, i wish they could have made it..lol that was gangster having a heliocopter come in,, wish i could have thought of that one,,lol peace  out wano the lill indian,,,,damn after all that hard work,, i wish they could have made it..lol that was gangster having a heliocopter come in,, wish i could have thought of that one,,lol peace  out wano the lill indian,,,,

only the chopper's pilot was still at the scene. He was taken to a local hospital and was treated for shock, Richard said. He called the pilot "an important witness" in the case.????OK, was the pilot of the chopper in some sort fo trance induced by the inmates that forces him to fly over the prison and send a rope???  I dont get this part of the story.

What do you expect its getting crowded in there?

"yes mr Luthor".....

Those boys have been watching way too many cartoons!

i dont care if your in prison get the f out im on parole and im coming close to going back but if i do and theres a chance ima take it lol30 miles or not still a chance

lol escape by helicopter those creative rascals

Cahones.

I think that they probably were not shot at by guards because it was just too good of an escape attempt,like-damn,a chopper coming down and them scaling ropes an taking off like in the A-team...we shouldn't try to stop this they deserve this escape!

WOW!! the chopper was found only 53 miles...They were caught 30 miles away,,,which means they came back 23 miles..might as well just dropped them back off in prison! .LOL.."Scenario"... FIRST ,,, You are escaping from prison.. SECOND.. you are in a helicopter ,,, Anyone else got a problem with this idea? LMAO ... worlds dumbest criminals comes to mind!This story, when it lands in Hollywood, will certainly have the escapees succeed in getting away.

Reminds me though - we really need to get the illegal immigrants out of our good country NOW. Round them up, send them home on their own dime. If they don't have the money or won't pay for it - we should Auction them off to legal Citizens. Furthermore, this is the time to make English the only recognized language in the Great United States of America. No more signs in another language, No more ordering Tacos in another language, no more pressing 1 for English on the Great Telephone. Any business that is handling a transaction or otherwise communicating in a Non-English language will have any employee and the organization fined significantly - similar to hour the liquor commissions monitor underage alcohol sales. This is YOUR LAND this is MY LAND lets take it back!

The poutine must really be bad in that jail !

To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities!

they   sre  very    stupid people

sounds like script right out of a James Bond movie

better and  more funny than tv..wowgod help us all.

I was reading down, but they beat me to it. "sounds like something from the movies" haha. Sounds like a page out of Shawshank, but from a different angle, sort of, he got out via the sewer system, and was never caught to be put back in. These 3 or 4 were caught 85 mi from where they tried to escape.

Quebec provincial police tracked down the helicopter used in the escape on Sunday afternoon to Mont-Tremblant, about 53 miles (85 kilometers) away from the jail but only the chopper's pilot was still at the scene. He was taken to a local hospital and was treated for shock, Richard said. He called the pilot "an important witness" in the case.Um taken to a hospital to be treated for "shock"?? ummmmmm? "shock" from what? Why wasnt this man taken straight to jail?

Wow this is some "Prison Break" stuff.They probably had some tattoo of the Jail on their body.Wow this is some "Prison Break" stuff.They probably had some tattoo of the Jail on their body.

Wow, that's some old school escaping. But why didn't the guards shoot the prisoners as they were climbing into the helicopter. ? Still, on a bad#$%$ scale, I give it a 7 out of 10. Now if they went over Niagra Falls in a speedboat, that would be a 10.

Is it really that 'daring' to escape...."well, you're in prison...so..."

St.Jerome is saying that justice is reserved forSt. Simon of Trent.Mark my word.

Impressive.

Gee. had hoped they escaped to never never land.

Don't you mean "escapees whereaboots"

LOOKING LIKE SOME JAMES BOND #$%$!

SURE the pilot is an important "witness"! he's a suspect, it's not like the helicopter pilot just happened to drop a rope at the right time, allowing prisoners to escape!

Wow!! Could you imagine how crowded our prisons in the US would be if we locked up people who were "associating with people who have a criminal record". 80% of the people in America would be jailed.Wow!! Could you imagine how crowded our prisons in the US would be if we locked up people who were "associating with people who have a criminal record". 80% of the people in America would be jailed.

quite comical and it made my day..*lol*

i bet the jailbreakers had an iphone 2 call some1 or something

looks like these 2 jailbirds flew the coop...

Durr no one would ever think to look out for a jailbreak helicopter durr.

"2 inmates escape, from Quebec jail in helicopter" Leave it to the Canadains to build a jail in a helicopter - what did they expect?

Prison break orders lol

They jus got 53 miles? Dumb. Dumb.

what the heck...007 escape

Bet Bush was involved!!!!what the heck...007 escape

Bet Bush was involved!!!!

Just like Gene Hackman in Superman 1...excellent!

Con Air

ROTFLMAO

where is the guard tower, and the guards? don't they carry more than batons?

In the 1970s prisoners escaped by an Alouette helicopter from Mountjoy prison in Dublin.Note the French Connection here:  Aloouette, Mountjoy, Husdon-Barbeau, Provencal, Quebec.

first mistake was stopping  50 miles away  i would of kept flying till i got out of the terrtoriy or up in to some place where they would of had a real hard time finding me

aca standards prevents anyone from shooting at a helicopter during an escape...they figure the piolet is being held at gun point to fly it and if it crashes the outcome would be so much worse...let them fly and get numbers from chopper

it is a police actionit is a police action

Dumb, and dumber...

This wouldn't have happened in Texas.

They should have used Seal Team 6.

Probably in jail for marijuana.

Joel Kaplan was an American who broke out of a Mexican Prison many many moons ago. The 1970s Film BreakOut was based off of Kaplans book.

Anyone find it weird that they name a max-security prison after a saint? That seems pretty ironic to me.

Watch the 1970s movie BreakOut, Charles Bronson has a helicopter with a long rope airlift him out of Jail. only  he made sure the helicopter had fuel, leave it to Hollywood to get it right. I think Jill Ireland was in this ,she was married to Bronson until he lifted up to that big house in the sky .  GREAT  ACTOR.

$%&amp;#ing Quebec. Always Quebec with all this wild ish

It's from a 70's Charles Bronson movie called "Breakout!"Charles Bronson would have made it, NO PROBLEM.

why was the copter on the ground when the police found it?

Well, if you're gonna break out of jail, that's the way to do it, lol!

The guards would not shoot at the helicopter nor the escapees, I suppose, because their budget does not allow it...All you have to do is look at their highway system and rest areas...poorly kept, you hardly see any development going on..most of them live near the border..perhaps to sneak into the USA, when the border patrol is not looking...The custom inspector are mostly young punks with no idea of what they are doing, just asking dumb questions.

Not like in the movies,they did not stay out for a long time

sacre bleu !

DONT LET THE PRISONERS OUTSIDE MAYBE THERE WILL BE A RASH OF HELICOPTER RESCUESS&gt;&gt;&gt;.&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;AARRREST ALL NON VIOLENT DRUG OFFENDERS NOWW!!!

Wait...didn't I see this in a Steven Seagal movie?

last call for alcohol

Oceans 11Wow. In Canada

All were killed when pilot shut the fan off because he was cold.

If Quebec allowed guns, the guards could have shot at them...

Wow. This is how you know the Bible was right about the End of Days. Our lives just became an action movie script.

WOW to bad they got caught f...u police they don't protect and serve all they due is harass us ... Thug life

They should have called Muslim Obama and had a drone strike.

Thank you for telling the world how it's done in Greece so they can do it everywhere! Stupid media!

Where the heck was Dudley DoRight?

MORE PROOF, THE FRENCH ARE IDIOTS

Anybody who thinks Canada has such great people, go read up on what that Bernardo guy and his GF did, you will throw up on your computer. Now his GF is free and lives on a tropical island with 3 kids and a husband.Really !!! What was they thinking broad daylight !!!

Grats to the inmates for acheiving somthing that rarely works.  Now if only all the inmates in a prison could work together to get break out, then be hunted down for seeking freedom.  It would be even greater chaos if it happened in the U.S.  Especially if it was a detroit prison, the inmates run for the canadian border and the canadians let them in.  Wonder how the U.S. would feel...........actually I already know.

why do they do that knowing that they will be cought.? don't make sence.

I like the picture of the road block for the guys that escaped in a helicopter.  I'm so moving to Canada when I start my life of crime.

Well now they will have time to work on a book deal with a different ending.

they are french-canadian......enough said......

Let them go, statist thugs. When are you going to learn, YOU are the criminals for locking people up like animals!

This is why they don't bother to jail Bush and Rove.  Just too many helicopters in the states!

Worthless police work. FIND THEM.

Hell's Angels involvement, story to follow.Sac le bleu!

Two Quebec inmates climbed up a rope into a hovering helicopter to make a daring daylight escape from a jail northwest of Montreal....WOW !!!!Only in Canada are the cops so feeble.... Gotta love those canuks !!

I love it!!!!!  EXCELLENT PLAN AND EXECUTION !  you police overthere can resume eating your doughnuts...( not paid for of course )

Funny how they didnt say why he was in jail, let me guess he was in there for something that doesnt hurt anyone but themselves... thx Obamba

Where was Obama? He could've prevented all of this!

Ricky and Julian?Bubbles must be flying the chopper...

if your going to brake out of jail have a plan to leave and stay hidden

lol.. guy watched Superman too many times

In Mother Russia the helicopter flies you.

Mission Impossible!Fly away little jail birds..... that's what happens when you leave the csgedoor open  :)

should have used bob and dougs dog from strange brew eh

ESCAPE FROM  NEW YORK CITY

Daring? Stupid would be a better adjective.

"And the night's slip by as if there are no end.....alone"

"I know not whether laws be right, Or whether laws be wrong; All that we know who lie in gaol Is that the wall is strong; And that each day is like a year, A year whose days are long."

Mais, VIVA Quebec....Vegas aint got a thing on Quebec...hahaha

If this were in America these inmates would have been killed multiple times by now. Kind of have to commend the Provincial Police force and guards for not just jumping straight on the killing train. Its easy to pull the trigger not so easy to look for the alterbnative solution...

Wish he would have got away.

But there are strict gun laws in Canada! Why would anyone have guns?this plan wouldnt of worked in america.......

They got caught because the Jewish inmate was whining too much about the noise made by the helicopter.