Occupiers.They gat their land,and for that there will be no peace. I am for the state of Israel,but...stealing land is not the way to go.

The picture in the article is nothing more than a pic of immoral terrorists dressed in suits pretending to be moral people. What a shame and tragedy that justice for the Palestinians can't happen with these disgusting people in charge.

no more US dollars to Israel.

Israel must be treated with the same model the international community treated South Africa to break the back of apartheid.Israel will never relinquish  an inch of the occupied territories till its forced to do so by the world.The idea that Obama is going there to listen after 20 years of the peace accord signatures tells me and the world the ball must start rolling without him.

"With a Palestinian partner who is willing to conduct negotiations in good faith"?  For Nuttyhoohoo and his goons, this translates to "With a Palestinian partner who is willing to settle for a few scattered tidbits of territory to call a state".Time for the international community to END the charade that's gone on for decades and take a proactive stance against Israeli expansionism!  The so-called "negotiations" - thanks to the US protection of it in the UNSC - have been nothing more than a means for Israel to forestall a final agreement while increasingly expanding its encroachment into Palestinian territory that it illegally occupies!ENOUGH!

New settlement activity just as President Obama arrives.   Turn Air Force 1 around.Another public mockery of America and its support of this illegal nation of terrorists.Why do we give these pigs a cent????????????????????

there will never be peace in israel there clusterfuck government is worse than americas!

This "government" will be around for amending the draft law...after that it will sink like the Titanic!

Why were the "Palestinians" not screaming for an independent state when "Palestine" belonged to Jordan.

Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter is accusing Israel of creating an apartheid system in the West Bank and Gaza. The charge comes in his book "Palestine: Peace Not Apartheid." Carter says, "Palestinians are deprived of basic human rights, their land has been occupied, then confiscated, then colonized by the Israeli settlers."Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter is accusing Israel of creating an apartheid system in the West Bank and Gaza. The charge comes in his book "Palestine: Peace Not Apartheid."The Nobel Peace Prize winner has been deeply involved in Middle East policies for the past three decades. As president he negotiated the Camp David Accords–which secured a lasting peace between Israel and Egypt.In his new book, Jimmy Carter writes, "Israel’s continued control and colonization of Palestinian land have been the primary obstacles to a comprehensive peace agreement in the Holy Land."Carter criticizes Israel for building what he describes as an imprisonment wall through the West Bank. He accuses Israel of strangling the residents of Gaza where the poverty rate has reached 70 percent and where the malnutrition rate mirrors countries in Sub-Saharan Africa. And Carter is critical of Washington’s role. He writes, "The United States is squandering international prestige and goodwill and intensifying global anti-American terrorism by unofficially condoning or abetting the Israeli confiscation and colonization of Palestinian territories."_Wikipedia.""We face very great threats. Iran continues in its race to obtain an atomic bomb. It continues to enrich uranium in order to produce a bomb," Netanyahu told parliament."""I can't stand him any more, he's a liar," Mr Sarkozy said in French."You may be sick of him, but me, I have to deal with him every day," Mr Obama replied."Truth is Iran has no nuclear weapon program. Israel knows it and we know it.  Iran a state headed by religion says nuclear bombs is a sin against Islam.

B'Tselem, an Israeli human rights group, estimates that over 25,000 Palestinian homes were demolished in the process of building illegal Israeli settlments in the West Bank

That land belong to the "chosen ones", if you are not a "chosen one" chances are you are not a Jew.   :D

I know a few of the people in the picture had warents issued for there arrest for war crimes.The problem is Israel wants us to go to more wars on lies.

Gas Israel!Nuke the Palestinians!But then again, I worship Satan and I do not believe in God or Heaven.I marked their eternity and its option with 666 at the dawn of time!I seek not the redemption of God or Heaven.,

america will bite the dirt before israel just be pasent .god going to show the wourd what happens .when you mess with .israel and his people

well aren't they all backers???  with a back before it??

I don't understand those "Palestinians" in their war with Israel since 1948. These people clearly don't get that if they continue to want Israel's destruction and not settle for peace, Israel will have no other option but to use tactics like settling for settlement building to win.

buncha racist zionist.

America should give Israel the BOOT .Netanyahoo is the contemporary Hitler

looks like Israel has become a dictatorship.. no peace in the middle east

NO WAR FOR ISRAEL!!

settlers stealing land . . . that has Bibi smiling.

Keep American aid dollars home.  Israel doesn't want peace, they want land...all of it.  What #$%$.

Filthy khazar jews are the most vile animals to ever walk the earth! I pray that the arabs wipe those parasites off the map!

These crooks don't want peace, they want all the land through colonization (settlements) and the native Palestinians moved out. If you don't know this by now, then you don't know Zionism. Read the diaries of the early Zionist leaders. They make it no secret that conquest of all the land is their only objective."If we are not able to find a way to honest cooperation and honest pacts with the Arabs, then we have learned nothing during our two thousand years of suffering, and deserve the fate which will befall us"-Albert Einstein

Google "HOLODOMOR"  and read about the great jews.  Google "KING DAVID HOTEL" and see how Israel came into being.

"...repeating a pledge [Netanyahu] made at the start of short-lived peace talks in 2010."Which lasted .5 seconds until Israel started up the U.S. made Caterpillar bulldozers and flattened thousands upon thousands of Palestinian homes to build illegal Israeli colonies on another's home land.

Jesus said to the jews:John 8:44 New International Version (NIV)44 "You belong to your father, the devil, and you want to carry out your father’s desires. He was a murderer from the beginning, not holding to the truth, for there is no truth in him. When he lies, he speaks his native language, for he is a liar and the father of lies."Yes, I know that chapter well. Jesus is speaking to the Pharisees, not all jews. Just the evil leaders &amp; rulers that were perverting God's laws.pure terrorists!  when will these jews realize that you cant steal and kill in modern times and expect everyone to ignore it.  theres no talking to these jews. they just lie, cheat, kill, and steal. plus there all the children they continue to rape and sexually assault. even the rabbis are being arrested for it.  sick people that need to disappear so the world can live in peace!

Yes more hardliners that's what the world needs. I'll bet all of you evangelicals are happy as can be. The middle east is not a roulette wheel you can't bet your money on "New Jewish temple so Jesus can come back", well you can but you'll lose

Clearly not a peaceful team ! With no peaceful intentions !  a river of blood will sink israel !  every jew with a hateful soul that is here in america will live with his or her eyes stuck to the ground for eternity ! Netanyahu is creating your worst nightmare !

Someday the whole world will be populated by G-d's children and ONLY G-d's children.I look forward to that day.  This world was made to house the great Jewish people of Israel.