The words "Government" and "customer service" should never ever be used in the same sentence.

The NERD has spoken.

"before legislators go on a two-week spring break"Huh?  what are these guys in this government doing?  Who gets a two week spring break???Tell you what Gov, do like everyone else who has a REAL job in the workplace, and tell them they CAN'T GO on their "spring break" until they get it done!What are they... in college or something????

But ideology is more important than ideals.

Hey Michigan!  Use Nullification.

Rick Snyder has raised taxes on the middle class by reneging on a deal to lower the personal income tax rate, eliminating child tax credit, levying a new 1% medical/dental user tax, taxing senior citizens, raising fees on car insurance policy renewals, car registration, and so much more...Instead of using $1.7 billion on the roads he gave it to corporations with no proof of job creation and now wants to further screw the economy by increasing taxes on gasoline and car registation fees...He has used several democratic initiaitives to make himself look better, but too many people are aware of his corporate cronyism....I heard one law was made to overturn a decision against his brother in law....We need jobs, not partisan craziness....He is not a tough nerd, just a puppet for DeVos...

His state is getting to go broke over Obamacare- big time...

Snyders a pompous nerd.  This is the gov't who's party in Michigan saw the "Emergency Dictator" law be voted down, and then he and his comrades in the state legislature amended the same "Emergency Dictator" law and rammed it back through the state legislature during a lame duck session.  Now Michiganders who do you trust on healthcare?  The Snyder gangsters or the federal gov't?

go on spring break jackass like all the other drunk children.

Same ol' GOP: if Obama proposed it they oppose it.Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder  = Little Hitler!!!

he is an idiot. He puts in an exchange, there is a HUGE tax on Michigan to support it. Let the Feds do it and keep yourself competitive. Customer service is not an issue. Let the Feds take the hit and make it the laughing stock of the world, like the USPS.

Slippery Snyder belongs in Prison not in public office.  He is a lying thief.

I the government had stayed out of the healthcare business (or at least did not expand it) we wouldn't be having these arguments.

The federal government has no AUTHORITY to force you to buy anything from a private company.

There are now 30 states with Republican governors, an increase of one in the last election,  for a reason. The Dems get states into red ink and it takes a Republican to straighten out the mess they left behind.....happened in Wisconsin,  where the red ink is now a surplus under the Republicans.

The Honorable Governor Snyder should be the president.

I have news for The Governor.  Taking so-called advantage of the Federal Government Exchange will be a disaster for Michigan.  The Feds are baiting the States that they are going to pick-up the tab for the full cost....but that is just temporary.  When the Fed walks away which it will, Michigan will have to pickup the full tab including the cost of all the expanded Medicaid recipients.  Snyder may well be gone by that time. Snyder like Grandholm, will jump on a plane and exit Michigan for greener and warmer pastures. But you suckers will still be here to pick up the tab.

These exchanges should never take place because they need to repeal Obama Care, and many people making minimum wages cannot afford to be forced by our Government to purchase something that they simply cannot afford on a minimum wage budget.But that's right a bunch of RICH self-serving politicians went behind closed doors and rushed Obama's Health Care through without even so much as think of how it would have an effect on those struggling on minimum wages.   Example:  I have checked with H&amp;R Block and the monthly cost for Obama's Government Subsidized Healthcare would cost me $76 a month, or $912 a year.   That means less money in my wallet for groceries, for rent, for GAS, and other expenses.This is why Obama Care needs to be REPEALED IMMEDIATELY, or it will have an adverse effect on those making minimum wage when they are faced with the choice of having to buy the subsidized healthcare, or pay the Annual Mandatory FINES.In all truth and reality, Healthcare Insurance should be a matter of Individual Choice, NOT Something forced upon American Citizens as a TAX, because it is unconstitutional, despite what those bribed judges on the supreme court would have us believe!!

Interesting comment about how pure federal involvement will make the program less effective...Right to work Law   in Mi. you will be working one day and fired the next or  90 days or 2 years whenever if the Co.  wants you gon ,, for no reason. put in 10 years and then let go . say you work 4 years for  one Co and are let go, it takes you 60 days to get anrother job .you work 6 years for that Co. thay let you go ...Now it takes you 1/2 year to get a job with less pay you work 8 or 9 years for that Co. you 48 yeaars old and looking for a job with no Pensionor Reti.

The last person out of Michigan won't have to turn off the lights, they are already off . . .

kinda weird that Republican legislators crying out against big government would opt for a federally run exchange

Marshall Law Snyder isn't Detroit the latest in his GOP manager style take overs where he appoints one of his good ol'boys  to override any elected (city counsel) official's decisions and sell off any thing inside those city limits .

I think michigan government taking people for a ride

First the the Governor should do is do something about all the obese people walking the steets of Detroit. Health costs in the future for these big eaters is really going to cost the state millions.

He is a g7dda&amp;mn failure.

This weasle is a RINO first thing he did was tax my pension at 4.3% and has proposed a whole host of new taxes and he cant wait to get on board with obama care all this  in the worst unemployement state if I wasnt trapped here I would be long gone to Texas

Most likely another flipflopper on Obamacare, its very common on the GOP side. Its nothing but politics!

Two or three years into the exchange Michigan will have to take a lot more of the cost of the health care tab. Snyder is a fool and will say anything looking to be re elected. Let the feds keep the program that most americans now see that we cannot fund.So does that mean he'll be hiring back the state workers who got cut?  Can't wait to see what kind of financial circus will result from this.

Booooooooooooooooo leave #$%$ alone you pos!

what's the rush?  the republicans have only had 2 years to close their eyes and pretend that  the  affordable health care act didn't happen.  if they click their heels 3 times, maybe it will disappear and they'll wake up in a world where Ayn Rand is president

Obamacare will break the middle American.  People still don't realize just how much they will HAVE to pay each year for this forced healthcare.

Snyder is finally trying to do the best for Michigan. But the GOP state legislators are imitating the GOP federal legislators by being obstructionists and doing their best to screw the citizens. Once again, all common sense is lost on the Teabaggers, and for some unknown reason, the GOP are allowing their brains to be held hostage.

Republicans love monopolies in the health care business. 1999 my health insurance was $156 a month. By Mar of 2002 it was $456 a month and stayed that way while co-pays and deductibles went up for the next, well until President Obama elected. Now health insurance cost is $80 a month. Good luck Michigans, bend over while Republicans do the ol greedy ram up yours.

Maybe if he didn't waste so much time installing his Dictatorship in MI. then he might of had it done already.

This idiot has that state in perfect shape.  Why doesn't he focus on what is really important, abortion.  Governor Snyder Whiplash is on his way out &amp; that is the best news for Michigan.

If it was "1776" I think snyder would already be hanging from a limb.

Even though I am a Democrat, I must say that I truly believe that Gov. Snyder has Michigan's best interest at heart.  I might not always agree with him, but I respect his decisions because they don't seem to be partisan and do seem thoroughly thought out. I just wish that the rest of the state government would do the same.So now the union busting Republican wants to sign up but the tea party doesnt want it.  I love to see the Republicans arguing amongst themselves.  They all have theiri heads up their #$%$.

Oklahoma fought against obamacare and WON !!!  They proved obamacare to beunconstitutional, regardless of the supreme court ruling. Other states will soon followsuit. #$%$ obama !!!  And all your socialist policies !! This is not your home landof Indonesia, no matter how much you want it to be !!!

Repeal obamacare !!!  Impeach obama !!!  Deport obama back to Indonesia !!!

i dont trust one thing this #$%$ says period.  vote him out

Snyder is full of #$%$!! Who does this man think he is by trying for force/mandate insurance companies?  We have insurance thru my husbands employer,,we pay a portion and of course our deductible has went up. If Snyder really wants to do something that merits any good,,,let him get on the hospitals and Drs for their outrageous fee's that they charge. For just a general practioner MD Dr,,,the office rate is $125 to $175...for like at most,,,ten minutes of this Drs time.....rediculous,,,hospitals for an xray,,,of say sinuses,,$2500 minimum...again,,,raping the patient and insurance company.  Snyder needs to keep that big nose and whiney voice out of everything in Michigan. What he should be concentrating on is drug testing any and everyone that is getting any type of welfare assistance,,,and kicking off every mexican that is here illegally,,,no insurance for them. Now that this is a "Right to Work" state,,thanks again to a #$%$ contribution/opinion of Snyder,,,,let the mexicans work several shifts at MacDonalds,,and pay for their own insurance,,not we the people.  How does Snyder,,or any other political person in Michigan,,expect to climb out from underneath debt,,,when there's so many still without jobs,,,and so many on assistance that truly don't deserve to be on  assistance. Its bad enough Obama is president,,but having Snyder as governor isn't any better. And if that Justin Amash would've won,,we"d be more screwed than we are now.  As it is,,,,Michigan residents are being taxed to death. Property taxes..food,,,,gas,,,every single utility company charging #$%$ "surcharges" for everything,,Soon as hubby retires,,we are getting out of Michigan. There's other states that beautiful,,,and don't tax a person to the grave,,like whats now happening here in Mi.

Gov. Rick Snyder doesnt care about  "customer service" when he has no problem taking away the voteing rights of the people in his state....

You go Tea party...take yer' gun and shoot your foot! ANY reform for health care is good. The Tea party genuises want Michigan folks to turn down the Fed money and send Mich tax dollars to other states. Thanks Tea Party! Kiss your Koch Brothers pictures and don;t think of all the people you are screwing over.

The Federal Government has no authority to force anyone to purchase anything from a private company. Insurance is a cartel. Things are so out of hand that the Police are actually working for the Insurance cartels making sure that you have paid "protection money." Products and Services are not to be offered at the barrel of a gun!

The Un-Affordable Care Act...... states should tell the federal government to go f$#*k themselves. The federal government was never intended to have this kind of authority over people's lives.

Is this part of the same obamacare that obama said would cost $900 billion and is now forcasted at $2.7 trillion and climbing?  Why would anyone believe anything this guy says?All REPUBLICAN"S just trying to screw the working people out of some sort of health care .

#1 butthead of Michigan.  We are taxed worse than the British taxed us.  We have people representing us that do not know what the word means.

Let the Feds set up the exchange, if the tea party crowd we got in this state does the set up, it will turn out being a Rube Goldberg project.

This is the biggest mistake Snyder has made. Obamacare will be a disaster. OurLegislator's and the Governor should protect the people of the State of Michigan.This law will cost individuals needless thousands out of pocket. Care will be withheld and ration'd. People will die. Care will be denied.

time is running out on you ...you communist    piece  of s               it

This guy has been removing elected officials from office in several cities, including Detroit,  and turning Michigan into a dictatorship.

No dummy...people would be happy if you didn't form this exchange you moron. Your as stupid as the governor we got rid of. The people don't want this damn health care exchange, and what poll or idiot told you we do? God your an idiot.

Well that's not good news for us Michiganders.

What a #$%$ #$%$ hole that dude is. ...nuff said

Oh, what's the rush Michigan republicans...when you fail to do your job, develop a health care exchange, the federal government will come in and do it, then you'll have another BenGhazi moment to whine about.  Typical false outrage, brought on by your own inability to act or do anything meaningful to help your constituents.Dont listen to this garbage, this man has single handedly shut down Medical Marijauna in MI. All based on lies and personal beliefs! BYE BYE SNYDER!

Michigan; if not the worst-run state in the union, easily in the bottom two.  At this point the governor should break up the state and sell it for parts.

When it comes down to it Republicans know the healthcare bill improves service and reduces costs. Those states who reject the bill will be sorry

Governer #$%$ is a lier. He is as good as his word ,he is worthless.The republicans have been running Michigan behind locked doors and do what they please no matter what the people think or VOTE, it is ignored!

What Snyder is really saying here is... My corporate buddies and I want to make MONEY off this program. Hurry up so I can cut a deal with someone!

Who cares what this POS has to say?!