"Moton has pleaded guilty to third-degree murder, which carries a 20- to 40-year term, as well as conspiracy and other charges. She has been in prison since early 2011, when Philadelphia prosecutors arrested Gosnell, his third wife, Pearl, and eight other employees. Most of them have pleaded guilty and are expected to testify."But Gosnell's attorney claims the prosecution of his client, who is black, "a lynching."Yeah, right...

This is the tip of the iceburg that is the abortion industry.  By the way, where are the pro-abortion commenters?  Lost your appetites?

Wow What can you say about this?

Not one to condone violence but isn't there just one pro-lifer out there with sniper skills? I'm sure there are plenty of us that would start a legal defense fund for you. This POS doesn't deserve one penny of tax-payer money to keep him alive.

When people say abortion is a pro-life choice they don't bring these aspects into discussion. We people like to think we are gods. We are not! But people able to do terrifing things like this. People more wise have said that children are a blessing, not an inconvenience. We need Jesus Christ more than ever.

"snipped" the spines "to ensure fetal demise."    I am surprised state media is letting this story out.The Central Government is slipping.

"Abortions are typically performed in utero."When they are not "in utero" isn't it called baby killing?

How many babies are murdered every day?

he sounds like a monster

I have so much prayed to have a child and haven't been able to conceive. And these people are killing babies like they are worth nothing....dear father forgive them....But when a dog dies in the snow during the Iditarod..........that's inhumane?????? What? Really?

Sad so sad

This is absolutely horrible! You have to ask yourself: Shouldn't it still be considered murder when a helpless baby is killed in utero? I shudder at the thought that people could perform such heinous acts on innocent babies. Lord, help us.

We once thought the Nazi concentration camps stunk to high heaven with its foul evil against humanity. The government of the  United States of America has dirtied its hands by eagerly and willingly pursuing moral and murderous destruction.

Oh, but wait.....the libs promised us the end of unsafe &amp; unsanitary abortion services for women, so this can't be happening &amp; surely not happening anywhere else in the country.....ya, right. As long as there are desperate, poor women there will always be a #$%$ bag waiting to take advantage, even when they paint themselves as a savior. Are we proud of this America? What is it going to take to turn our stomachs &amp; demand an end? We have turned our backs on our children for the sake of our convenience, our wants, our desires....and it just keeps getting uglier &amp; uglier.

omfg

The sick part is if he could've done his job right and killed those babies while still inside the mother, than not only would there be no murder charge, but the whack jobs in this country would say he deserved a metal. Take that same baby out of the mother 1 minute later &amp; now it is murder...have we gone INSANE in this country?