If one could trust every  agency and department to go through their budgets and cut the waste, our government might possibily find they have some money.

Sometimes it's the small stuff?....taking care of american business instead of the rest of the rest of the world is now considered small stuff, that says it all in politicians eyes. America and it's problems are now the small stuff........

lets cut all foreign aid   ............................................?????....

Why don't they start the spending cuts in place's that don't effect the American citizens first , Like stop building mosques in the middle east and quit giving Foreign Aid to countries that hate us, Cut half the Zar's from the administration ,  Seems to me they are trying to hit home first to make a point on his sequesture, And it is only slowing down the amount of increased spending, If I ran my business like this i would either be bankrupt or in Jail..

Perhaps,a woman may be able to fix this,they do family budgets every month!!

Perhaps the government will pull a Cypress and just start confiscation of our money in order to satisfy its appetite.

This #$%$ wouldn't happen if congress would do the job WE THE PEOPLE WHO PAY YOUR SALARY WOULD DO YOR JOB!!!!

Cut all of the salaries, all medical insurance, all the freebies, all the retirement in washington and let them fight for all these things like the average citizen has to and you will see a different congress and senate and MIGHT even improve our president. Cut ALL FOREIGN AID. Then lets see what happens. And put the jet in lockdown. That would save millions. There is dozens of ways to save money instead of the penny-ante scare tactics obamma is trying. The gutless wonder.

I am tired of seeing Paul Ryan's face every time there is a story on a Senator..Enough already, he isn't running for office now..

The White house budget of $1+ Billion should have enough to cover the visits without more, cancel a golf game and a dinner in Spain. I hope the Republicans make the budget spending nutral including the sequester.It would be better to take all the money given to the Dept of Education and allocate it directly to the states, the savings would go a long way to covering all the actual individuals teaching, moght even cover a few raises.The Dem preposal will reduce the Federal Deficit $600 Billion over the next 10 years? When has Government ever made a correct prodiction of the cost of anything they enact? Never!  $600 Billion is a "Drop in the Bucket" to start with. Past history tells me that there will be no reduction to the National Debt if we allow Dems to lead us down this path of Financial Distruction.

Oh give me a break here. No one ever wants to do the real spending cuts that matter in getting this nation off its butt and back to getting rid of the nations deficit. The Democrats plan is a joke ans they want to cut a little spending while at the same time increasing it. The Republican's plan cuts spending too fast says the Democrats. Now you see why there is a deadlock.

Obama and his thugs have decided to realease the criminals, take away the air trafic controls, fire , police, or anything we might really use. Instaed of not flying all over the world with his thugs in tow, or laying off the millions of government do nothings writing tens of thousands of pages of regulation no one will enforce or understand. Now even Bill Mahr see's the light.

and again there is not one mention of cutting foreign "aid" to countries like Egypt,  this is all a big smoke and mirrors show.......................

White house tours? What do they tell the tourists - this is were we ruin our country?Please - cut the tour until it's fixed so you don't embarrass us any more.Just put up the "out of order" sign for now..

Withold the sallaries of the senators and reps and the aides until they come up with sensiblsolution. Put some fie under their fat lazy #$%$.

Good think he cleaned his ears before this photo.  Too bad he doesn't have lips. ~   ~Vikki

Sequestration should be changed to FIRED and JAILED for FINANCIAL and CIVIL crimes against the Citizens and the US Constitution. 90% of DC and New York (Bankers) should all bein JAIL for $10 Trillion in FRAUD.GAO Federal Reserve Report July 2011 11-696  =  the PROOF!

Since when does a 10% REDUCTION in an constantly INCREASINGFederal spending BUDGET, mean CLOSING anything?The Politicians and Bankers are LIARS, CROOKS, and GANGSTERS (Corporate or Union)!Reducing everything by 10% in a NORMAL world of business meansEVERYBODY takes a 10%  PAY CUT or you/THEY can QUIT !!!Plenty of UN-employed people are ready to TAKE that Government JOB or CONTRACT !Its ALWAYS  a FALSE choice of BLACK and WHITE with Government.Everybody else is living in the GRAY World of REALITY!

The Democrats have enough in the House and Senate to pass whatever legislation the President wants for this country.  The question is:  "Why does the Republican Party keep repeating itself:?  Ryan came up last time with a budget----the power of 6 came up with a budget---President Obama came out and spoke in favor of the 6 who spent hours writing a budget. The next day (after meeting with Pelosi-Harry Reid--and other Dems) Obama got up before the cameras with Ryan in the front row and chewed it up and spit it out right before Ryan.Now--Republicans sit back---lay off---let the Dems do whatever they want?  Eventually, the case will be proven if the Dems idea was great and it works---and the country is doing FINE---or Americans will see which Party was really wrong---and which Party was right.Republicans should sit back--let the Dems do it all--if it doesn't get done---well, the American people will finally realize the truth.  Otherwise, the Republicans are going back and forth just like for the past 3 years (remember the first 2 1/2 years the Dems had total control BUT STILL COULDN'T BALANCE A BUDGET!Republicans TAKE A BACK SEAT and stop fighting a system which only comes back on you making the Republican Party is the TROUBLE MAKER----Just ANOTHER ploy by the "Spenders" to belittle those who give a damn about our country! The Obama-nation in the working

Why is it that the Democrats said back in 2007 that Bush was completely irresponsible with a 400 billion deficit and 4.5% unemployment.. Yet the same Democrats say that Obama's Trillion plus debt and 8% unemployment in each of the past 4 years is not a problem?

Lets start by grounding air force one first if you want to make a significant start

foreign aid, cuts to their own salaries and perks, put them on ss and medicare like WE THE PEOPLE their bosses have, and by all means, close down govt .... it could not be worse than what is ovomit is doing to the nation ....

let it shutdown  we will be better off

If government was run like a successful business, the"fat" would be removed and the remaining employees would still get the job done.  It's amazing what Americans can do when the pressure is on.  Want to keep your job?  Work harder than everyone else.  The rewards will come later.  Tighten your belts!

The answer is to return to the revenue/ spending ratio of the Clinton/Gingrich era.  We had a balanced budget AND a budget surplus. It, however will take a degree of intelligence, an absense of pride and a sense of adult responsibility and the ability to treat others with dignity and respect. I am not sure the folk in D. C. are up to the task.

hold on to the scizzors gop's. cut, cut, and cut. stop the lib's spend and tax mode. makethe moochers and tax paid lib's CUT BACK. SHARE THE PAIN.

I'M SICK OF POLITICS!!! WE ARE ALL AMERICANS!!!

Cut Obama's vacation budget first.Hey Obama you think there is a spending problem? How come you promise to make cuts and yet we have not seen them? It's called " living within your means".....

Cut everybodies salary by 10% most of the government jobs haven't missed a pay raise in 20 years.

You can't tell me that both sides can't find enough waste in government and the military to cut that would save all of these jobs. They’re either too lazy or just don’t want to look for the waste.

Sooner or later Americans are going to get fed up with the #$%$ the Government is shoving down our throats and will wake up and get the courage of our forefathers and decide enough is enough.IMPEACH EM ALL!

To the GOP "you reap what you sow" and you have sowen a lot of hate and discontent. Your motto should be 'all for one but only if I am the one'!

Please, can Obama save us from this! (sarcasm)

Congress needs to put up a smokestack on its building.  If they actuually do something, anything, that will help the country, we should see white smoke coming from it..

Had Obama and the democratic party had a working budget these last 4 awful years, we would not be where we are now....The house passed and submitted to Obamas boy toy Harry Reid 4 budget and all were defeated of course by the democrat controlled Senate. They offered up no alternative and the budgets that Obama himself put together were so bad, all 3 were defeated 606-0...Not even democrats, the lap dogs of his party, could vote yes on it....

Whatever it takes to balance the budget in 10 years. We'll live with the cuts. The high paid manager in the Federal Govt. will figure out how to do more with less just like the public has been having to do for the past several years.

Ryan should find himself a job withTax Masters because they do things that make a normal person scratch their head.THE ONLY THING WRONG WITH THE GOVERNMENT'S CALCULATION OF AVAILABLE SOCIAL SECURITY IS THEY FORGOT TO FIGURE IN THE PEOPLE WHO DIED BEFORE THEY EVER COLLECTED A SOCIAL SECURITY CHECK!!!WHERE DID THAT MONEY GO?Remember, not only did you and I contribute to Social Security but your employer did, too.It totaled 15% of your income before taxes.If you averaged only $30K over your working life, that's close to $220,500.Read that again.Did you see where the Government paid in one single penny?We are talking about the money you and your employer put in a Government bank to insure you and I that we would have a retirement check from the money we put in, not the Government.Now they are calling the money we put in an entitlement when we reach the age to take it back.If you calculate the future invested value of $4,500 per year (yours &amp; your employer's contribution) at a simple 5% interest (less than what the Government pays on the money that it borrows), after 49 years of working you'd have $892,919.98.If you took out only 3% per year, you'd receive $26,787.60 per year and it would last better than 30 years (until you're 95 if you retire at age 65) and that's with no interest paid on that final amount on deposit! If you bought an annuity and it paid 4% per year, you'd have a lifetime income of $2,976.40 per month.Another thing with me.... I have two deceased husbands who died in their 50's, (one was 51 and the other one was 59 before one percent of their social security could be drawn.I worked all my life and am drawing 100% on my own social security).Their S.S. Money will never have one cent drawn from what they paid into S.S.  All their lives.THE FOLKS IN WASHINGTON HAVE PULLED OFF A BIGGER PONZI SCHEME THAN BERNIE MADOFF EVER DID.Entitlement my foot, I paid cash for my social security insurance!Just because they borrowed the money for other government spending, doesn't make my benefits some kind of charity or handout!!Remember Congressional benefits? --- free healthcare, outrageous retirement packages, 67 paid holidays, three weeks paid vacation, unlimited paid sick days.Now that's welfare, and they have the nerve to call my social security retirement payments entitlements?We're "broke" and we can't help our own Seniors, Veterans, Orphans, or Homeless. Yet in the last few months we have provided aid to Haiti, Chile and Turkey. And now Pakistan......home of bin Laden.Literally, BILLIONS of DOLLARS!!!  And they can't help our own citizens in New York and New Jersey!  They sure rushed to help Katrina victims in 10 days!!!!!I guess minorities have more clout!Our retired seniors living on a 'fixed S.S. Income receive no additional federal aid nor do they get any financial breaks, while our government and religious organizations pour hundreds of billions of $$$ and tons of food to foreign countries!They call Social Security and Medicare an entitlement even though most of us have been paying for it all our working lives, and now, when it's time for us to collect, the government is running out of money.Why did the government borrow from it in the first place?It was supposed to be in a locked box, not part of the general fund.They stole from Us, Sad isn't it.

Cut spending now... in that other persons district.

Obama will not be happy until he bankrupts the USA and creates a financial emergency so he can declare Marshall Law!

Y'all wanted cuts, cuts, cuts, yet sat on your hands and couldn't make the right cuts when you had the opportunity. So now we got cuts. don't forget, medicare payments to doctors are also getting cut.

cut baby cut

How come we haven't heard from McCain and Graham. The sequester, with its across the board cuts, eliminated $80 million more from embassy security.  I guess they were not really concerned about Benzasi except as a political issue to get reelected.

Borrow and Spend Republicans are BUSY creating taxpayer PORKfor their Corporate Welfare campaign donors.

LOL, What did I tell you Conservative morons? That this would be exactly what the fall out would be ! Thank - God we as you call us Liberals are smart enough to think issues through and foresee  the  future complications. What does surprise me is that those who pressed for the sequesture in congress did not foresee the consequences to their own base !

We would not have this problem if all these illegals were not draining us. Free schooling free healthcare  free housing free food   free phones   Plus the lowering the wages and taking away jobs of citizens  forcing them to food stamps

What is the problem with Pubbies?   Wouldn't you think that when the Pubbies can see government spending being stopped they would be happy?   Noooooooooooooo.  Now they can see government spending being stopped and they complain all the more!The only cuts the GOP wants is tax cuts for the wealthy and they say they are changing - what a bunch of bull - you fill in the the rest of bull"Keep Smiling"

Do not count on my vote Paul! Ever...

AMERICANS !!  We have not yet heard the republicans mentioning  anything about  creating jobs for the working people;;  all we can hear from THEM is ," the democrats  are doing too much SPENDING,",but when the spending is done on the rich people,,, nothing is said about that.

He sort of looks like Mays the rapist from Ohio - just before he was sentenced I hope he doesn't cry&gt;"Keep Smiling"