Our government money going to improve education in Pakistan, cutting money for military education programs in the USA.

Remember the middle class, who lost their jobs to cheap labor, the ones who payfor all the free stuff everyone gets. If those people don't have a job, they don't payfor their kid to go to college, so the college's will not get any new money. Just the wayit is.

Time for colleges to stop gouging states and parents for their bloated tuition costs, you think?

Cut some of the unnecessary courses and perks at the colleges and universities.  That will save a lot of money.  Also, no illegals allowed period.

cutting back and the money is going to the illegals

This because Dems believe unemployment insurance, welfare, food stamps, aid to illegals etc are more important than education the American kids.  We see this in California every day!

thank GOD..government should not be in the finance, or education loan business..far greater issues face states..

In a down economy everything has to take a haircut.  Public colleges and univerities should be firing staff and cutting offerings just as any business must do when times are tough.

Cuts to college education? Deep.Cuts to college sports programs, not so deep.Result: lots of possibly-pro-ball players to choose from, not a lot of cutting-edge job-ready students.I see the papers of community college students and not only is the spelling atrocious but the handwriting in essays is deplorable. No wonder they can't find jobs. Most can't use 'their', 'there' or 'they're' correctly.

They cut aid, but numerous states give in-state tuition to illegals.  That really makes a lot of sense.Giving money to students only allows the universities to raise their tuition rates.  Giving "free" money to students breaks the cost/supply/demand cycle and allows high rates since the universities know the students will find the money to cover their costs.

Short sighted.  We are short sighted.  Over the past 30 years the fed has cut funding for colleges, too.  Our future is in jeopardy when only the well off can afford to send their kids to college.

Hmm.. that coincides precisely with Obama's entire first term. Gee, what a surprise."...been battling slow economic growth..." That says it all, as that too has been the case throughout all of Obama's first term and well into the start of his second.

It would help if you eliminated some of these worthless majors &amp; courses.

37% of employed U.S. college graduates (5 million) are in jobs that the Bureau of Labor Statistics suggests requires less than a four-year college education. 32.2% of police officers, 24.6% of retail sales people, 23.5% of amusement / recreation attendants, 18% of firefighters, 18% of telemarketers, 16.8% of secretaries / administrative assistants, 17.6% of office clerks, 16.5% of bartenders, 15.4 % of taxi drivers, 14.5% of counter clerks and 12.9% of parking lot attendants have college degrees. The cost of their college education is not justified. 30% of people 25 and older have college degrees. There are insufficient jobs in the U.S. that require the college degrees that people have attained. The 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 6th occupations projected to have the largest growth in jobs between 2010 and 2020 require less than a high school education.    newsandopinions dot net

States that can't print their own money can't afford the Feds' endless student loan giveaways that are leading to ridiculous tuition increases.

Florida leads again.  Our FRAUD GOVERNOR keeps us out in front in a lot of areas.  None of them are constructive though.

Big public universities have sport programs that bring money.When you apply you pay $60-80 just to send an application and it's non refundable.If you are accepted, you pay ever increasing tuition, student activity fees (even though you don't even participate in them), etc.When you graduate and try to find a job, they write a letter begging you to give them money.Money gets squandered- you know how.

That's funny because Obama has more money for illegals.

Who will need a degree, when Elizabeth Warren's $22.00/hr minimum wage goes into effect.But there is plenty of money to give to the private for-profit colleges like ITT Tech, De Vry 'University, and their ilk.  Students sign up for expensive programs with government loans and grants, find their degrees are substandard, and they have a life long debt.  The same programs were offered at community colleges for much less money in the past.  Now the privatize everything crowd gets to divert government funds for education into private profit.

If we don't invest in giving our college kids a first class education we will wish we had.

Colorado gave instate tuition to illegal immigrants, and the feds suspend tuition for our troops. What has happened to our country?! When will we take it back?!

Why go to college if Obama and the DemocRATS will give you "FREE EVERYTHING if you VOTE FOR THEM ???" (paid for with other people's $$$ that is)

Hope and Change 2008 didn't have that on their platform --Forward 2012 forgot to mention that as well

The Roman Empire started to fall the same way. How can you aid something with no money? Keep giving illegal immigrants jobs while neglecting true Americans. Can't tax ghosts.

This is why Obama wanted to get his hands on the loan business.

Colleges are ruthless businesses that demand $2K for classes that anyone motivated enough can learn from Wikipedia.

The recession has been hard on everyone. Maybe time for more Tech schools.

Confooshus say: College football more noise maker than money maker.THANK YOU LACC 4 what i learned in 1966-1976 ( I was a PRO STUDENT )

In my opinion taxpayers should not be forced to subsidize higher education.

States cut support at public universities and then expect the universities to keep tuition down... really?

Not if you are an illegal alien.

Colleges are businesses and they are in it to make money.  No matter how much it cost for a kid to go there, the school will still make sure it turns a profit.  Once they have reached their break even point, the school then starts awarding more scholarships.  I know this because I have a son going off to college in six months and that is exactly what is happening.  Many of these schools also have very strong athletic programs, which bring in a lot of money to the school.  That is why you see coaches making millions of dollars.  We toured Alabama, and they are making huge additions to their campus and academic programs.  They are on the list with the largest cutbacks, so the money has to be coming from someplace.  I wonder where?  I hear they have a pretty good football team.

Perfect now the students can get in even more student loan debt.

You think maybe this is why college costs are rising?

But the regents and professors paid has increased 25%.  Follow the money, it will lead you to the ugly truth.

Is this OK or not for us Tea Partners? I'm having trouble figerin out the logic of our positions.

We suffer bad by trying to educate many far beyond their intelligence.States are broke because spending on education.

The youth are the future of the country. Something wrong when we support illegal aliens and not our own students

In business..... when faced with reduced revenues you reduce cost  and prices according to your market or your go out of business .. ( because your competition     will  beat you to the customers base ) . You would think these schools would have some business professors  and not just those majoring in government grants/ aid .......

I remember when I actually "WORKED MY WAY THROUGH COLLEGE" , NOW KIDS WANT A FREE RIDE !!!  GET DRUNK , DO THEIR DOPE , AND BREED !!!  GOOD LUCK WITH THAT SUCKERS !!!

Exactly what have these public colleges done to contain thier costs?  How many "prof's" collect a paycheck while teaching a class or two per week?  Lots of unaccounted for money spent, all in the name of "investing" in our future.

The states have to pay those six figure for life, from the age of 50, retirement packages to our hardly working civil "servants" who's unions own the legislatures.

An advanced society like ours should have a Free Education Policy.

Many going to college are not college material and need a host of remedial and tutorial services.Education for the masses is just another myth keeping professors' unions afloat and allowing schools to charge more and more for an education that has been dumbed down over the years---so much so that high school grads back in the 1940s and 50s had a better grasp of basic concepts than many college grads today.

if you stop giving illegal immigrants free tuition, you'd probably have plenty of money

Could it be that we are running out of the middle class, who always pick up the tab,so that the minorities can attend for free?According to libtards, people don't need to go to college, they can go on welfare

And yet these little 18 year old college wannabes flocked to the polls to elect the guy responsible for them not having the money to go to college!

Maybe if the schools abolished tenure and quit paying gazillions of dollars to multiple layers of assistant university vice presidents and basketball coaches, the legislatures might think they were getting a better return on the taxpayers' money.

Pakistan gets our Education Dollars thanks to Washington Dipshits!

an ignorant population is a republican population---its the ONLY way they can win

We are outspent by 17 nations on per child education. We outspend everyone on defense/war.

These money pits arent about education any more. They are for-profit greed mongers.

as long as those at the front of the lines are our poor and displaced illegal population, there's nothing for the 'majority' to be up in arms about.

It would seem that chasing Islamic terrorists around is more important than educating our children.

Gen Dumb followed by Gen Dumber is a sure way to quickly turn America into second class nation.  I know the neo cons. treasure ignorance.  But, as a nation, we can not afford to NOT educate our youth.  Problems with the system?  Sure.  But problems are never solved by ignoring them.Teas will like this trend.  They would like to stop education at the 8th grade.

Everyone doesn't need to go to college or get a college education.

I wonder what percentage of the rambunctious loud crowd actually goes to church.

Well.....  You said you wanted smaller, less involved government....this is the result!

USA looses a whole generation and become a dumb country , but you can sell the place to China, What is wrong with people in USA can't they get themselves together, Chinese junk and no pride, and indifferent

In a recent study , almost 40% of school tuition (public or private) is based on Administrative cost, On average, another 10-15% goes to non-academic departments (Football and Basketball, primarily ).That leaves 45%-50% of tuition goes to true education cost.What kind of MBA program does those school teaches ? screw the main business model. Let's rack money for things we don't really need.

How many states "sold" the lottery to their voters, saying the proceeds would go specifically toward education, then put all of the money into the "general funds"?  I would be almost ALL of them.

Stupid people are a lot easier to "lead". Just another part of the Republican plan to defraud America.

Foreign students will still attend while American students are left out in the cold. But now price will fall; otherwise liberal teachers will get laid off for lack of students. Then who will they vote for when they're unemployed?

That is become Oblamer has reduced Federal Student Aid that went through the States ...The real problem here, though is the stupidest ones are now IN the Republican Party and it's losing.....

Uninformed, stupid people will return the Republican Party to power in America.

Hey, educating our future isn't nearly as important as corporate subsidies and wall street bailouts, right?

Give it some more time &amp; colleges will be just like the dinosaurs...EXTINCT!

If they were really public colleges, most of the qualified public could afford to attend them in the first place.

So if most students are either deeply in debt or don’t go at all that just makes those wealthy enough afford good education all the more special.

Good.  Pay your own way...don't expect everyone else to support and pay your way to college...unless you are from the Obamassiah group of entitlement spenders of taxpayer money.

Reality shows and sport heroes will fix all problems for USA, why people need higher education ?

Ah yes. Obamanomics at work again. Everybody poor, everybody (mis)educated, everybody on the government dole."There comes a time in ANY form of government when it stops serving the people..."~Reason for the 2nd Amendment.

good, they don' t taech anymore anyway...all they do is indoctrinate the next batch of libsMeanwhile the 1% makes the profits while the good ol USA takes the blame.

Bush who ? Iraq who ? all that was good , today the repuks are rewriting the history to fit their ugly anti-American agendas

and what has happened to the wealth of the top 1% during the same time?   I say we shaft one person.. give them injustice.. screw them over royally.. be totaly in the wrong.. and seize all the rothschilds wealth..  we screw 1 guy .. yes we might feel bad about it.. but we pay off our debt.. can feed our people .. can educate our people etc.. fairness (if you can call it that) to one person.. is not worth the cost...  especially when that person uses their wealth to increase their wealth thru corruption.

Only 58% of students who began college in 2004 had graduated 6 years later. Many of the dropouts should never have enrolled. They could have been earning money, avoiding large college debt and saving taxpayers' money.   newsandopinions dot net

States don't really care about higher education, that's what those cuts say. What used to take 4 years now takes 6 or 8, because you have to be a 3rd- or 4th-year undergraduate to have enough seniority in the system to take 1st-year prerequisites.

Yeah, it is probably the fault of Republicans- because they never have children that they have to help out with college tuition. That was sarcasm, btw.

That's the Republican plan.

Gee is this what Obama wants MORE FEDERAL controls and less state controlSo this is a prime example of Obama goals at work!

Only proves that college is just a scam

How's that ObamoCare working for you?States have taken money from education to fund increased Medicaid demands from the Feds and the larger number of people that are made or become eligible.

Hey, whatever it takes to give business the much needed and deserved tax breaks they want. Remember, the "profit motive" is only justifiable, if you are a business owner. if you are just an employee, the "profit motive", means you are an entitlement/handout/moocher.

More Student Aid if your an illegal...

Lessee....canoeing, football, beezeball, lacross, et al...basket weaving, yoga, million dollar coaches and on and on....thats what college is all about.........$$$$$$$$ rah, rah  rah  oh. no time for all that other stuff..you know like  .Engineering, Science and all that drivel.....

Why does President Obama wants illegal people to go to college when in fact legal Americans like college students have a hard time getting good jobs. These politicians need to open their eyes and see the truth what Americans see.

But yet and still they want to pay for undocumented students that are here to g to colleg... as* backwards if you ask me

Thank your government for funneling the extra money to foreign countries.

If only the wasteful defence budget for fighting foreign wars could be transferred to education and relieving study loan debts.

Good less tax dollars wasted...