There are two main reasons the fed will keep interest rates low.  The US can't afford even the interest payments on our debt if the rates rise.  The Obama Administration hates seeing people earn interest on savings, ever hear them complain about someone sitting on their couch and making money.

What Gains??Gas has been over $3 for 3 years. Steak is at $10 a pound. Coffee is at $9 and pound.You dimwits are killing the poor.The only "Gains' are the Temporary workers that are needed for New York and New Jersey.s clean up efforts!

The low rates is necessary so the fed can keep borrowing cheap money, while our savings dwindle.

These near 0 rates on CDs and IRAs are killing us old folks that saved for our retirement and the banks are making out like bandits. Just like the housing mess the government is a messing where it shouldn't be a messing.

All this does is mask inflation.  As soon as Barry is gone, the leftists will blame the next guy or the economy or global warming etc.

Bernanke reminds me of the Wizard of Oz behind the curtain manipulating the smoke and mirrors.

Does anybody remember the Carter interest rates you could hardly afford to borrow money back then, but it also helped to correct the problem and the fact that Reagan was elected. These leaders do not see a problem and will keep spending until your money worthless. Your children and granchildren will be permanetly indebted to China.

The federal reserve, a national eddifice, a monumental slurge

Funny how only the Obama loving media thinks things are getting better. Average Joe on the streets dont.

It's great time to a senior.  Fed policy makes our savings worthless.  Obama seeks to redistribute our savings to the "deserving".  Republicans are out to kill Social Security.  Democrats acknowledge a funding problem withj Medicare, but their soluton is to create trillions in new unearned entitlements and tax everything in sight.  Ain't it great?The only stimulating that is being done is to banks who are borrowing at near 0% rates and the financial markets getting the bulk of funds from QE programs..All a lie...Record numbers of people on welfare programs,home prices in a majority of areas still near 5 year lows,a very high numbers of foreclosures listed in many areas,unemployment still very high and inflation moving much higher (regardless of the BS the Fed tells us)..

Depends WHERE in the country you live.  Where we are, houses are not moving, home heating costs are skyhigh, people are not buying much, and even the native casinos are hurting.  And what's the state governor's answer to all this?  Why raise income taxes!  Result:  small businesses closing, larger companies moving to more conducive areas, and more and more people selling out and leaving the state.  It's an obamawonderland of poor policy decisions.

This entire SHAM called "monitary easing" is nothing more than a rouse, designed to force people into a single choice of investing savings, should they desire earnings on their savings. What it does is forces (they would be stupid not to) banks to take money from the FED and little to no interest and loan that out, rather than lend private savings and share interest earned, and just sit on private savings and give NO interest. This in turn makes people move into the riskyier stock market, where they are generally fleeced and sheared by the BIG BOYS!!!THIS POLICY BY THE GOVERNMENT IS ANTI-CITIZEN and PRO-BIG BOY / BUSINESS!!THIS HAS TO STOP!! Its is treasonous! (SP)

The the economy out of the hands of the fed, audit the books and find out what they are really doing.

The U.S. economy is strengthening?  Is this a scene from the TV show of yore, 'Sliders'?

You save all your life by putting money aside for retirement, thinking that the interest you make will at least help pay a little to your monthly bills.  The money we make now equals to buying a gallon of milk a week.  This country is in a real mess.  Just waiting for the government to come after the money we have saved that has already been taxed once.

Well, I lost my job of 23 yrs in the waterworks industry making 80k yr in 2008.  I also lost my home that yr.  Now, I wait tables, my credit is ruined, and I'm 54.  But my grand babies still make me laugh!  And, oh remember all the money that went into infrastructure using American product and american people on the jobs (ha ha)?  Well visiting Pensacola last year, it appears a french company is constructing the bridge there.  I am feeling the love.

.....The Fed don't know it's #$%$ from it's elbow..NEVER DID.!

What else can they do geniuses! The fed and the whole economic world is just playing shuffle the debt! I hope our societies will finally hold all these criminals accountable for their mafia like system created by GOVERNMENTS and not the Free Markets!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

aSOCIALated Press toeing the Oblahblah party line as instructed by their libturd management. What is the  real unemployment number, how many are counting on the spend us to death dems to extend and guarantee payments to the permanently unemployed!!What Growth.  Life is still muddeling on and 7.7% unemployment in no different then 10% if your still unemployed.  Then there's the rest of us who keeps watching prices going up and spending  power going down as wages can't and won't change with no backing.  So Big Brother and Corp. America keep stickin' it too us!  We'll be fine, yeah right!

If i had bernanke's salary i probably wouldn't worry about continued ultra low interest rates,......but what about all the older people trying to live on fixed income.  they will all be dead before mr. "igotmine" decides to let rates rise again.  then again,...that will help the social security and medicare problems.  keep in mind,...you are paying his salary and benefits!

Fascism is working its magic as we speak.  Dithering over the bad idea that is sequestration did not produce an expected Wall Street loss.  Cyprus holding out for better austerity terms bothers the speculators.  How exactly does Cypriot debt restructuring affect the ability of listed business concerns to create profit?  All they need do is get a too big to fail bank to loan them money slightly above the rates banks pay to buy their own stock on margin form one of their equally friendly broker, perhaps even at the same institution, sell it and replace it with stock they buy for less when news of them dumping stock causes the stock to fall.The FED is merely doing what they were designed to do; aide and abet the greatest crime syndicate of all time.  That is the point of Fascism after all, and there is no coincidence that organized crime and Fascism have deep roots in Italy.

Ya know, I'm not sure what the lower interest rates really mean to people buying homes. Yes, the banks aren't getting as much money back, supposedly, but, the people are charging more for their homes when they sell them so therefore people in the long run are still paying more interest, just in a different way. A home that use to cose 40,000, now sells for 50,000, so that's 10,000 more that the banks can charge their low interest on, close to the same thing as far as I can tell.