yes, Ryan they should be able to become citizens, after they return and come in the proper way...what the hell is wrong with Washington...ILLEGALS, means BROKE LAW!!!!

My friends from England have had to jump through hoops, fly back to England numerous times to reapply, and spend thousands,  to get what these people want to give law-breakers as a reward for ignoring our laws. Guess what message that sends?

Washington politicans want votes, new taxpayers and more money to spend; the concepts of legal or illegal mean nothing to them.

Let the American people vote on it, and see what we want or don't want

All immigrants, NO welfare, NO food stamps, NO medical card, NO free housing. You need to be self sufficient when you get here and stay self sufficient! If you don't, BYE BYE!

Illegal aliens are breaking the law.  The current law should be enforced and they should be deported.  If they desire to become citizens they should apply the proper way.  The lack of understanding of our Constitution by people born here is destroying America, we don't need more people who have no understanding of, or interest in, why our country was created and our form of government.  If this is what the Republican Party has degenerated into, anything to please professional politicians, then conservatives need to back the Tea Party candidates with the Constitution as the Party Platform.  They would attract Republicans, Independents and even Democrats who really care about the country - despite how the propaganda media would spin the truth.

conservatives ?? Start with cutting off their govt. freebies !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

We have laws.....close the borders and follow them.  What other soverign country would change their laws to appease illegals?  No one...they would put their butts in prison!

All we need is for you to do something if you would spend as much time on how not to do something as doing something the US would be a better place.

The same pathway to citizenship, national mandatory e-verify,turn them into legal residents. They can then go through the hoops that other LEGAL people go through to become citizens.We've been sold out again!!!!!

Rand Paul is now a "former" tea party favorite.

damnit! can't even trust rand paul,forget my vote brother!enforce the damn laws people!legal way or the highway!

no short cut for anyone , comelegally use the quotas and citizenship laws.  saying, earn it, no short cuts period

No free ride for illegal immigrants.  The politicians take enough.We want a referendum on this.  Whave the right to be heard.

It's your funeral

Rand is "dead wrong"! We don't need "immigration reform". We need enforcement of our current laws! We need to kick out every last politician who has failed to do their job of protecting our nation and it's borders from illegal foreign invaders. That's about 98% of the "empty suits" in D.C.!  We have entrusted these people with "the keys to the kingdom". In return we have received "betrayal and treason"! They have all violated their promises, their "sworn oath of public office" and their own principals in exchange for power, fame and money. We have all been betrayed by this federal government, for decades, and right up to today. Seventeen Trillion in the hole, and our freedoms under constant assault and our borders and or country overran by hordes of invaders. All our government can do is to "offer amnasty" to criminals, which will include lifetime entitlements you and your children will be forced to pay for, for the rest of your lives. This is what we pay these corrupt politicians to do? They are nothing but self-serving criminals themselves.

Rand Paul we dont need more laws we need you to enforce the ones we have so the American People can get back to work. quit selling us out for the illegal vote.

can someone explain to me exactly what is wrong with our immigration policy and why it needs to be reformed?

We need jobs and a better economy - FIRST!He is already flip-flopping on the issue. Rand is no Tea Party guy, he's a milquetoast neocon.

why is the responsibility put on american citizens for supporting these foreign nationals who are here illegally? and if we balk, after already giving them the shirts off our backs, then we are horrible people? horrible people who do not want to hand over their country, their language their customs and way of life. why is the blame never put on the illegal aliens and the country of which they are citizens? ultimately it is their country of origin (usually corrupt and purposely intent on exporting it's poor to us) that is responsible to provide them with employment, educational and economic opportunities, not american citizens. ANY politician telling you it is, does not have your best interests as a priority.

I would like to know how the politicians plan to stop the additional 11 million on their way here after they find the first 11 million have gotten away with breaking the Law?

Unless they close the borders, don't talk to me about these poor illegals

It is obvious that the people in Congress don't give a #$%$ what the people think.  They just do as they please.

No Mr. Paul, immigration doesn't need to be reformed, it needs to be enforced.

I sure in the hell won't ever vote for you!   The tea party and/or independent and/or republicans better get a new candidate then you.

i like rand paul but i disagree with his thinking on this. i really don't care how long they have been here. they are here illegally and probably not paying taxes and getting free stuff.i really feel sorry for them but this country cannot afford more freebies or more liberals.

One has to admit that an extra "11 million" people who are unable to contribute to the system, but who would still get the benefit (your taxes), is such a significant part of the problem with this country: the economy.   If you want a sustainable America, the next time you have the opportunity to vote. Make sure the person you vote for will not allow amnesty or any other loop hole.  I sympathize with all humans, but out of fairness to tax payers, we have to send some people home. I'm sorry it didn't work out, no one promised this free ride would be permanent. Good luck, take what you have learned from the US and do what's good to your own country. Then everyone has a chance to make the world a better place.

and they have just sealed their fate I am afraid."Immigration reform will not occur until conservative Republicans, like myself, become part of the solution. I am here today to begin that conversation and to be part of the solution," Paul said.Is that a pig I see flying?

Rewarding illegal invaders only invites millions more to illegally invade our country.

Our politicians are makimg a mockery of our justice and legal system! The question is how do we fix it, because they sure won't!

Hey Rep Paul, make up your mind: Are you all Tea Party or just partly for what suits you?

Yea and the best part is the legal families of the illegal aliens are all going to vote for....guess who, the Democrats who want to give them all the rights....cutting in line, who gives a #$%$ it all belonged to Mexico anyway? says La Raza.... You pinche gringos are going to lose it all.

Well, they should telephone and campaign in Mexico. My wife ,parents, son and I will not be voting for panderers or sell outs.

no speekie d english, but they know what you are saying.Try learning some english too!!

The best way to ensure an end to Illegal Immigrants crossing our borders ILLEGALLY is to bring the National Guard back from Afganistan and deploy them along the Border to PROTECT AMERICA. That's their JOB!!! Don't  see how obama can send them 10,000 miles to fight for another country but won't send the 300 to Texas and Arizona to defend America.

Rand Paul isn't good for the nation.  We don't need more criminals in America we have enough of our own.

Send the criminal trespassers home.They've got to get on the tax paying roles and off the welfare roles as part of any deal!

If Rand Paul keeps supporting this immigration reform bill that obama is trying to get passed, then he might win a few hispanic vote because most of them will still vote democrat, but he will still lose the election because he will lose a large percentage of the LEGAL citizens votes.

they will flood the welfare rolls even more...and the law will allow them to bring all of their relatives over.......whatever restrictions they are required to follow...they will not. they have broken the law to get what they want, burned our flags, marched in our city squares to demand their "rights", refused to learn the language of this country and have even threatened american citizens with violence. many of us have already been victims. our politicians have sold us down to the river to the folks south of the border a long time ago....this is just the final step.....

I always liked Rand Paul.  However, I feel like there will not be any representation for conservatives.   I stopped supporting the repubs quite some time ago (think of the moron John Mclame).  I, for one,  will not give up my conservative principles and am hoping, before I die, to see a brand new party formed by true conservatives, to represent conservatives.    The RINOS need to ask entry into the democomm party and let the GOP go the way of the Whig Party.

Amnesty---Still trying to make a silk purse out of a sows ear.

No they should NOT be made citizens. This country needs to take care of it's OWN first. This immigration #$%$ is why we are on the edge of Revolution.

No it doesn't.....too little too late and never honest or sincere.!!

Everyone agrees that the border must be secured.  So what's the hold up?

Can not trust the decisions of a man that chose such a bad hairpiece. He has eyes but he does not see.

WRONG. Deport ILLEGALS!Conservatives conserve nothing!

It sounds like he's as messed up as his Old Man. What part of Illegal do these people not understand? When they come into our country ILLEGALLY, usually that's not the only law they break.

What is wrong with enforcing the laws we now have on the books. If we are a nation of laws use them. If not, what is the use, every one just do as you please, if does not matter any more.

There is NO ENFORCEMENT of immigration laws. Illegals are free to roam the streets and stand on street corners waiting for work. In my city alone, I could go to countless areas and identify THOUSANDS of illegal immigrants. How is it that our govt,. seems unable to find these people when they blantantly advertise themselves? After ALL of these obvious lawbreakers are deported, we'll talk AMNESTY.

I work in a hotel, but not in housekeeping.  My position requires speaking and understanding English.  If our town were to get an influx of (illegal) work visa immigrants, I'd bet the farm our owner would fire this staff to hire immigrants who will work for less.He'd reckon housekeepers could get away with broken, spotty English.  We already get just minimum wage.  How are Americans supposed to compete with cheaper labor?  We shouldn't have to!  SECURE THE BORDER and send illegals home!!  Anchor babies are the children of criminals and therefore should not qualify for the 14th Amendment!

Congress should eliminate all forms of welfare and the illegals will go home.

WHY WON"T U NUMB NUTS LET THE AMERICAN PEOPLE VOTE ON THIS ? with a special election , it our lively hood at stake here not yours ! do u we call these words "" WE THE PEOPLE "" have right to say what we demand from CONGRESS ?

Hey Rand, the only reform needed on immigration is enforcement of the current laws regarding it!

It never ceases to amaze me how all politicians change their stripes when they have goals in mind, this guy is a joke.

Illegals should be REQUIRED to become taxpayers.  EVERY resident of the US enjoys benefits from living here and should be paying their share!think about this one....when you pay school taxes your money goes to pay for illegals to get educated.    So by paying school taxes you are breaking the law....correct?   The defense is schools dont have to ask for proof of citizenship.

Careful Rand don't 'cave' on your supporters.

Another one who does not hear the American people.Thanks for the drone Fillabuster,but now your political future is done.

When it comes to.Illegal  emigration Republicans talk a good game while holding the door wide open.  As long as their are no serious sanctions on employers for hiring illegals, no border will be secure enough...Make it a felony with a 3 year minimum sentence to hire an illegal and watch the problem fixed overnight....

Insider trading are loyalists.

Become legal the LEGAL way.  If they are sneaking in, living under the radar, mooching off the government now, what makes you think they are going to turn a corner once they become legal citizens?  Pay taxes, don't think so, not when they are so used to getting everything for free.

Listed below are several of the arguments that have been used by misguided people to try and justify illegal immigration. Next to each is the reason why that argument has no merit.1) They are an economic necessity - Not true. The idea that a bunch of desperately poor, uneducated, unskilled, non-English speaking foreigners are an economic necessity is ludicrous. In fact, when you compare cost vs. benefit, it is obvious that they are not only NOT a necessity, they are not even an asset. Rather, they are a liability and a huge one at that.2) They do work Americans won’t do - Not true. They do work Americans won’t do for $7 an hour (especially if Americans can collect welfare and unemployment instead). Of course, if you got rid of the illegals, the jobs wouldn’t pay $7 an hour. The people who wanted the work done would have to pay a wage that was attractive enough to get Americans to do the work. And it might even be enough to get Americans off the unemployment and welfare dole and back into the taxpaying workforce!3) We benefit from all that “cheap” labor - This is nonsense. The only people who benefit from the cheap labor are the unscrupulous people who hire illegal immigrants. Taxpayers are left holding the bag. Ultimately, it is they who must pay to support all the Americans who have been put out of work by illegals and must also provide billions of dollars in services and benefits to the illegals themselves.4) They are just trying to make better lives - Aren’t we all? The difference is that most of us understand that we DO NOT have a right to acquire by illegal means those things that we find difficult to acquire by legal means. And we certainly don’t have the right to do it in a foreign country.5) It is impossible to round up and deport the illegals - We don’t have to. All we have to do is remove the incentives that brought them here in the first place. No jobs. No housing. No taxpayer financed services or benefits (including education). Once we remove the incentives that brought them here, they will leave on their own.6) Immigration control is racist / xenophobic - This is just another play of the race card by people who have no other cards to play. Immigration control is the world-wide status quo. There is nothing racist about it. Furthermore, the USA welcomes LEGAL immigrants of all races and ethnicities from all over the world who have gone through the legal immigration process. This is not just a bad argument, it is an attempt to create racial hatred and division.7) We are a nation of immigrants - This is the “BIG LIE”. The vast majority of Americans are native-born. I am not an immigrant. Nor were my parents. Nor were my grandparents. We are a nation that has, historically, allowed and even encouraged LEGAL immigration. And we continue to do so. The issue at hand is illegal immigration, which has nothing to do with legal immigration.8) They are people. We must treat them humanely - Yes &amp; yes. But lets not pretend like they are victims who were dragged here kicking and screaming against their will. Nothing could be further from the truth. They came of their own free will and for their own benefit and they broke the law to do it. People should not be rewarded for breaking laws and committing crimes. Sending them home is the right thing to do. There is nothing “draconian” or “mean-spirited” about it.9) It is wrong to break up families- Yes. Unfortunately, families are often broken up by criminal activity. If you don’t believe it, just drop by any prison or jail on visiting day. We can’t keep families together if some family members choose to participate in criminal activity.10) They work &amp; contribute to our society - So do I. And if I break the law and commit crimes, I can expect to pay a penalty of some kind. Anything from a small fine to the death penalty. I do not receive a reward. Why should we treat foreign criminals better than our own citizens?

Rand turned into a RINO right before our eyes!How much did "THEY" pay him? What did he get?The 22MILLION illegals now get to vote for the new Communists illegally!What will happen when they become illegally citizens? Will they get to bring other illegals over for a visit right before the elections?

ARREST!JAIL!DEPORT!The ONLY answer!

They don't come here to become tax payers or citizens,there here for the welfare!!!!We had immigration laws that we didn't enforce. So we need more immigration laws so we have new laws to NOT ENFORCE. Are we talking about laws or overeating? You know I can have that burger and shake now because tomorrow I start my new diet.

Karl RINO Rove got his claws into Rand too

Rand Paul must've suffered an aneurism!

Our elected officials are trying to give the illegals a "GET OF JAIL FREE CARD". I think they should be given 30 days to get out of this country and apply for legal entry.

Exactly they should have to.leave the country and come back in legally to qualify that would be more fair. There are plenty in line trying to do things the.right way.the.legal way I trust them more and they.should.be considered first in line. All illegals prove is they know.quite.well how to break laws and disrespect our country.

What do you mean "they won't be sent home"? If that is your belief, then the voters need to send you home!!! We the People are sick of this invasion from Mexico and even sicker of our politicans lying to us and not doing what we elected them to do!

the illegal aliens should be deported, than get in line.

Mr Rand I forgot to tell you one more thing....    FKKK YOU TOO

Immigration reform needs conservatives ????Hey Jerkwhad  NO! It! Doesn't!Once and for all get rid of the useless socialist ZKhankzNothing several  AC130 gunships cant handle

all we want is to close the damn border and enforce the current lawshe will fall in the GOP once they find out he has a gay lover

if they did not lose the Hispanic vote  do you think this tea bag of #$%$ and the GOP would push for a  immigration reform ??? next what are the GOP  tea baggers going to do for women gays and college students they also lost there vote

i think he is gay undercover

A flip flopping little weasel.

To Mr. PaulI am a conservative, I don't want immigration reform or amnesty at all. I want our existing laws enforced properly. I want the borders secured. I want you guys to fight for me and all others out of work, not add 10 million illegals to an already unstable job market.I am going to become an independent.If you were running against Adolph Hitler, I still wouldn't vote for youTo Mr. Paul and all republicans worried about getting their share of the Latino vote -SUCK EGGS!

I will vote against ANY politician who is for immigration reform...I want deportation and enforcement of current laws on the books...which BTW are totally appropriate...With all the money we have spent on illegals we could have built one hellava wall already...And until you fix the leak in the dam the flow will only continue and probably bust loose once they "forgive" the 11 million plus lawbreakers...

Looks like Ryan is dead on arriva,l for consideration as a presidential candidate, after winning the straw poll at the CPAC.  These guys never know when to shut up.  Just prohibit illegal immigrants from accessing any and all federally funded programs/services/educational opportunities and enforce laws against employers public or private who hire illegals or provide them with any support or benifits,  and they will self deport.  They can then wait in line in their homeland.  Remember this is NOT their homeland.  No one who came here illegally should be provided with any opportunity to stay here and wait in line for a visa.  Again, SELF DEPORT then wait in your homeland.

So the ones who broke the law will be rewarded, while the ones who spend years and thousands of dollars get punished for going through the system. BUL$%AP !!!Besides that , the idiot GOP needs to face the fact that no matter what they do or say, the vast majority of the immigrant vote will still go to the democrat candidate. All their talk about winning the immigrant vote because they are largely Catholic, against abortion, family oriented, anti gay and against same sex marriage is pure fantasy, and clearly illustrated by the voteing record. While they may feel all these things, they vote big government nanny.

I didn't think that Paul would cave in but here we go trying to buy votes.  Just put hefty fines on business' that hire the illegals and the problem will start to work itself out.  Why should We The People need to cave?

You politician will do anything for a vote....... We need to Vote You all Out And Don't Send me no more e-mails paul ryan! illegal means illegal. Last One Out of mexico turn out the lights you do not need a president or maybe you do to help get your drugs that are killing are Kids! Semper_Fi....... OUT.......Owe-bama wants special lanes added to the nation's highways so they will have less difficulty getting to voter registration.

I think we should build them a pathway, but this one is straight back to Mexico, and any other country they illegally came from.

What makes both parties the same is that neither one of them cares that over 50% of Americans don't want any reform at all. They no longer work for us. Now they are all self-employed and self-serving.

He lost my support siding with Demos handling illegal aliens in failing to deport, their jail release and failing to support employer E-Verify.  Employers have a responsibility to check the legal work status of workers......no different that filling our the I9 form now or a W4.  There has to be consequences for breaking our immigration laws and this government needs to enforce them!  If we go soft on this issue you might as well have no borders.

The Republican party appears to be too splintered to be successful.  If one group doesn't get it's way they go home and do not vote.  Paul supporters did it the last election along with other conservatives.  They decided if they couldn't have their candidate or their views better represented, Obama was a better alternative than McCain or Romney.  Shallow thinkers those Republicans.  Very shallow.  You don't see the Democrats doing this.  They are united regardless of candidate.  For Democrats, power trumps ideology.  They even accepted a Marxist ideology just to gain power.  The Republicans still don't understand that control and power are the name of the game.  If they profess to understand they have a poor way of showing it.

No, immigration reform needs to start with deportation.

Pharaoh tries to start this unspeakable "conversation"-- but our non-negotiable --is his PRE-CONDITION??  Get stuffed, Pharaobama . TABLE INDEFINITE AND STONEWALL THAT SOB .

lets all be honest....mexicans will take the jobs from lazy government dependent obama supporting blacks....that is a big problem.

John ct:   ryan and the republican's stil don't get it...but we all understand that because they lost the last 2 presidential election's to our president...president barak obama now they want to try and show the latino's that they "understand" and want to help the lation's !...they aren't going to by it paulie...everyone know's what the gop think's about anyone that isn't wealthy or part of big business !...they might as well save their money...hilary clinton will be the next president !

Not just immigration reform, any law needs conservatives, libertarians and liberals working together. It is high time all politicians figured this out.Here's a novel idea, secure the borders and deport all illegals like the federal law requires. This creates all kinds of new government jobs while at the same time getting rid of the drain on tax payers of supporting these illegals.

Illegal immigrants are breaking the law...what part of this do politicians not understand?Politicians just want the vote.

The GOP has never been against illegals because they're cheap labor that benefits the rich. Republicans just wanted them to be an invisible class of sub-workers with none of the rights &amp; protections that legal American citizens are guaranteed. The perfect worker in a plutocratical society. The last 2 presidential elections however showed that their Reagonomic philosophies aren't working with the growing latino vote &amp; it's time to become the "heroes" again by taking a page from Ronny Reagon's playbook &amp; championing "one time only" amnesty with vague &amp; unsustainable guarantees. It's worked for 'em before.

"Different from other approaches, Paul's approach would not attempt to crack down on employers by expanding working verification systems, something he says is tantamount to 'making every business owner a policeman."  The vast majority of illegals come for jobs.  They are welcomed with open arms by business because it increases the company's profit margin.  Here Paul shows his true colors.  It's not about making "every business owner a policeman."  How about making every business owner follow the law.  If business did that we would have no problem with illegal workers.  And until that happens illegal workers will keep coming for the jobs.

the double speak of "sending people to the back of the line" while they are already living here is utterly stupid and laughable.  Anyone who repeats that language instantly removes all credibility they have on this issue.

What is so funny to me is that illegal immigrants do pay federal and state income taxes even on their fake papers.  So, the government is already getting ALL their tax money because they can't file a return. The government probably makes more that way than if they could file taxes and get a refund. Not condoning illegals, just saying!  I think guest visas for workers would be a better solution.  They need to go home first before they get one.

"Paul's approach would not attempt to crack down on employers by expanding working verification systems"The most glaring example of why Paul's plan is GARBAGE

Watching republicans scrambling around trying to find a word to call immigration reform without incurring the wrath of their party is too funny. How many different ways have they come up with to say the same thing. As for immigration reform needing conservatives, the polls at the last election shows that to be the exact opposite. They are fighting just to hang on to being considered relevant. At NO time have they headed up reform until it became clear that if they didn't they would never win again.

if these illegal criminal aliens can pay fines , they can pay for their own deportation.

LOL @ ron paul does not want to use the term  "amnesty" cause   that is exactly what it is ...easier to fool   republicans with  trickeryKarl is an idiot Rand Paul is one of the 3 stooges, Curly

Rand Paul has sensible approaches to our national problems.   Too bad people like Ryan and Boehner are in the party along with the moronic Southern Contingent of extreme right wingers.

Funny in the old days, the immigrants took jobs Americans didn't want today Americans claim they are stealing their jobs, what a sad shift of the American work force.

Reform?  What we need is to track down these criminals and deport them.  Along with a shoot on sight policy for those who cross the border illegally.  After a few get shot the rest will get the message.  Soon our country will be nice and clean of illegal alien criminals again.

Hillbillys ar ingrates, rock on.

Republican Rep. Lloyd Smucker here in PA is pushing for college assistance for "undocumented" immagrants.

hahahahahahahah like every politician an a,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,s kisser

The only illegal aliens that I would grant a so call "pathway" to would be for anyone brought over as a kid and grew up in the states not knowing their legal status. If they're 17 or older and have never been in trouble with the law and have been since they were little kids, maybe something can be worked out. But mom, dad and any minor children who can't support themselves are going back to the "motherland" and getting to the back of the line.

No wonder we have so much crime in the USA.  As citizens, we MUST follow the law or be fined or jailed.  Unless our laws are followed that are already in place, we are truly giving an open door policy to illegals.  I hope everyone remembers this when it comes time to vote again.

Thanks Rand, for selling us out! You can kiss my vote goodbye.Sounds like a good politican,say anything to get votes!

I keep emailing and faxes Rand Paul and telling him that Americans do not want immigration reform; we want the current laws enforced.

Illegal is illegal, they need sent home to learn english, then apply for citizenship! They do not respect us,our laws or country if they break laws to be here! Here for the coin only, as both dems and repub parties are in for the grabbing!

If anyone follows this dude off the cliff they deserve to lose every election over and over.. This is the problem they think this idea is a CONSERVATIVE idea.. CLOSE THE BORDERS then talk about it.

So be it, let them go thru Ellis Island like our relatives had to, learn the English language,get jobs and pay taxes like we all have to.and don't act like you are automatically entitled to everything, earn it!

any and every conversation about illegal immigration (invasion) should begin with border security first and foremost.....

Seems I may have heard this "secure the border" thing before. Kinda like "Let us raise taxes, then we'll cut spending."  I don't see any urgent need for any more unskilled labor getting a path to welfare and free everything. Paul had better tread carefully when it comes to anything that smells like amnesty. Conservatives will dump him as a presidential candidate.

Oh, and while we're at it, stop the #$%$ with "anchor babies".

even his Dad thinks he's a NUT

Rand Paul really believes in amnesty just as Reagan did. He flip flopped when he got a negative reaction to his belief that mass deportation is not reasonable. Why can't he just say he is for amnesty? His tea party supporters would be upset but if they really want an honest candidate they'd accept his opinion.They're not leaving anyway, so what's his point?

Rand Paul is offering the illegal immigrants become self-respecting tax paying citizens which will reduce the burden of the entitlement programs  they encroach on.  The democrats prefer to keep them illegal and by providing services are in fact buying their legal bretherns' votes.  This is in effect denying the legal hispanics the freedom of choice politically. Someday the legal Hispanics will have to wake up and realize, like the rest of us Americans already know, that there is no such thing as a "free lunch".

Is anyone surprised????? Just another one of our weak willed sell outs foolishly trying to win favor with Hispanics. When are these fools going to grow a set and stop abandoning Republican principals to make friends? In 1986 Reagan gave illegals amnesty with the promise that there would be no more amnesties, our immigration laws would be enforced and our border would be secure. Hispanic support for the GOP dropped after that amnesty.  Our laws weren't enforced, our borders have signs warning Americans that it is dangerous to be there and our government is talking about another amnesty.If a person breaks into your home do you reward them with the keys to it??? If you do, plan on having more thieves breaking in to get their set of keys ;o)Remember 1986! Ban Amnesty Now!

Republicans are now joining Democrats in giving away our country to the illegals. The politicians are not working for the American citizens and doing what's best for our country. They are working for the people who are illegally invading our country, and for what? So that the politician can continue to be a politician and maintain the wonderful lifestyle they quickly grow accustomed to. What are we to do?

That's right--import all the criminals you can--reward them for breaking the law so they'll vote for you--and turn them loose on Americans to commit rape, robbery and murder unpunished--while we pay for it !!   If I get caught driving without my seat belt, I have to pay a fine--because I'm an honest hardworking law abiding american, but illegals are REWARDED for breaking the law !!!

Yes we should go back to the days of Marie Antoinette and  you know the rest of the story

and conservatives need Rand Paul !

He kept it semi-generic, but Sen. Paul told Politico last November that he supported an eventual path to citizenship.

another political #$%$,puting it to us again...why don't we send him home?

all you stand for rand people!! all about votes baby!Whats wrong with you RP? I was a fan until this.  DEPORT THEM ALL!

Phony tea party darlings will back anything for a vote nowadays. Next he'll want to raise taxes on the top 1% and legalize gay marriage.

Confooshus say: Records bigger when people tired.

My concern is the power socialists wield during natural disters. aka socialism is insufficient.

Many illegal immigrants are already 'taxpayers'. If they work for a company that uses a payroll system, they pay taxes. Also, they directly or indirectly pay retail, gas, property, etc taxes. Getting them legal SSNs could help increase tax revenue.

More black than they are blue, but hey his kid runs the plane what do you expect?

I can only hope that Paul is pandering to get votes and like our current President is lying through his teeth until he gets into office and then he would change his tune. I agree with all of those who say that illegal activity should not be rewarded and any politician who does support citizenship for these lawbreakers should be voted out or not be voted in.

The cracks in the wall are getting wider.

He got that one from the spinmeisters, Rove and Luntz.

Are the Republicans really that stupid? The dematerds are screwing everyone if this gets passed and all Americans lose...9000000 news dematerds will be allowed to vote...How stupid can the Republicans really be? I know,Don't ask..If illegals can come into this country &amp; do what they want. Then I can wear my gun on my hip. Because I'am a citizen &amp; I have a legal right to own one.

If all of the illegals vote, the repubs will never win an election,ever.

Look up Arizona Law, Executive Order 2006-13. Immigration makes compliance impossible, thus a lawsuit should be initiated by Arizona against the federals. Other states can follow suit

Illegals shoulda not get drivers license, right to vote ( news yesterday) , fair wage, etc. a head of the line Either.  And by illegal every only refers to those from South of the Border. People are not sneaking in from England

Politicians no longer represent us citizens, they represent thier own bank account! Amazing they have gotten away with it for so long! An urgent need now for them to disarm citizens, seems they are afraid of us citizens

Your one I never thought would not listen to people. Republicans have been burnt over this before and will again make you look like fools. Obama can build 10 foot of fence and claim he improved security. You can get them out of the country you don't have to deport them pass a law big fines and jail terms for them and people who hire or shelter them and they will leave on their own. Pay taxes get real they are a drain now on the welfare system they should have no right to. Back of the line heck your putting them in front they are already here and not leaving according to the bill and going to let millions more in that are in line trying to do it legal. I just hope there are lots of challenges to republicans up for re election and ones that listen to the people because if you vote for the bill I want vote for you may not even vote unless someone new or good 3rd party comes out.

Seen his comments he made on tv. Rand Paul is a sell-out. Remember this tea party conserves.

It's an "F"ing joke how everyone in Politics are changing their stance strictly because it's an easy way out (copout) and beneficial to them getting re-elected!As I have been saying all along out Government is made up of nothing more than self-serving hypocrites that could careless about the country they represent or it's people.Doing the right thing isn't always easy but it's the right thing to do even if it's not popular that called governing.

Just  what we need ,reform bills. Sendthem back to mexico

This is why we will never surrender arms in this countryI have several legal Hispanics in my family.  they came and went several times, went through the system over the years it takes and made it.  All very successful citizens.  If thyy can do it, all of them can do it.  The government needs to enforce our laws.  Follow Australia's laws.  If you want to come in the that country, you need to prove self sufficiency.  If your visit is over 6 months, you need to prove the ability to support yourself.  When the time comes to leave, you leave one way or the other, but you do not stay unless you have the proof of self sufficiency again.  You also need to be able to read, speak and understand their language, no if's and's or buts!!!

Repubs want this, Dems want that. Americans want a patriotic, common sense,get us back on track leadership in D.C. We are tired of voting for the "Parade of Party" Beaurocrats who care little about the peoples' needs after election.  Are there any patriots left?  Illegal immigrant makes as much sense as nuturing drug-dealer.

GOP is Dead, Old minds

Rand Paul, with the atitude that he now has about immigration, can kiss the Presidential nomination  "goodbye.  To start the process those immigrants who are here now need to return on their own to the country from where they came from. Then use the proper channels to get back into the U.S. Only then can they start the process to citizenship.  As it is right now they are a people without a country.  They are not citizens here and they are not citizens in the country that they left behind.

Warm, understanding, compassionate, trustworth, honest, sees both sides of the issue. Will to say whatever it takes to get ahead, ready to admit that what was heard isn't what was said, can say NO to just about anything if it garners votes, will sell anything down the river to sit on the throne. Goodness! This is a myrical man. Tea, coffee, coco, soda, party, break, jerk whatever. Such doesn't exist! Vote for me! At least I can say I don't give a dang what you think and be honest about it.

I love America and the 'get out illegal immigrants' ranting.  The truth is we need these illegals to pick the fruit, wash the dishes and cook at the diners, lay down pavement, pour concrete, hang, mud and tape drywall, because no self-respecting red white and blue blooded American born man would want to perform back breaking work.  Make these workers legal and have them pay into the system for once and for all.

They finally figured it out. That is the only way they will have a chance to get a Republican president.

its all about who has swing votes and making illegals come here easier is one way. thats the way it issucking up for votes!

Conservatives and America do not need another failed amnesty, we did this in 1986 and now we have 11-20 more illegals, how long before they demand the next amnesty? Go to Numbers USA website and take action today to stop this criminal BS

Illegals shoulda not get drivers license, right to vote ( news yesterday) , fair wage, etc. a head of the line Either.  And by illegal every only refers to those from South of the Border. People are not sneaking in from EnglandRand Paul 2016!

Why are recors of Sandy Hook sealed? What are they afraid of? Why were the HLS people there prior to, during and after the shooting?

they're active on twitter against Rand?? why aren't they active on twitter against Obama and Kerry for supporting muslim brotherhood with $400 million aid package, the very same organization that supposedly blew up twin towers???

Leave them here!!!!! 11 million illegal will - pop out 22 million -ANCHOR BABIES- and more if by showing the world we have on enforceable laws when it comes to migration. Why do we fight so many wars if we can’t protect or borders?

Rand Paul's career is over. He Just alienated 90% of his base. Put a fork in this loser. Time to replace him with a real patriot and conservative.

illegals have a way to become citizens.  go home and stand in line!i hope rand paul's kids get so sick that the politicians benifitcan't take care of them!rand paul's family should be made to pay.  i would be ashamed t call myself a politician today

Pass the tea.

Okay, all you alien lover Republicans. This might be the beginning of the end for the Republican party. Nobody wants amnesty. This might be the issue that launches a viable independent party. Lots of traditional Republicans and Democrats.are getting angry about this sellout.

NO ! Rand Paul , lets not start the conversation with " We,re not going to enforce the law "And we can,t deport all the illegals that broke our laws !Rand Paul is another John McCain that try,s to cater to all , with "NO" interest in doing the "RIGHT" thing .  Lets get rid of them "ALL" !!!!

Give him a top hat and a purple coat and he would look like Gene Wilder in "Willy Wonka &amp; the Chocolate Factory."This is change, putting a hick from hillbilly land ic charge? Ignorance is bliss GOP...LOL

No more send em back

All of a sudden Rand Paul is the GOP flavor of the week! He's been such a pillar of rational thinking. When Does Ted Cruz get his chance? Don't Believe a thing they say. A turd in a Snickers bar wrapper is still a turd!

GOP=Liars......GOP=Losers.....GOP=Outdated thinking.......GOP=Haters......GOP=ObstructionNow please just go away

All illegals should be sent back and forced to do it properly. And 11million seems kind of low. There are probably a million in Massachusetts alone.

They are ILLEGALS, that means they BROKE LAW!!!! Why is it that they want there vote ? legal , what people are that do the right thing  and have to go back to there country.Why is it we have elected people in office that cant do the job.

Another amnisty,  I guess legal imigration process is not working so we are going to theillegal process.  That's why we are going broke and can't get good cheaper health, ourjobs are gone and our Identities as a prosperous and great nation is slipping out of thehands of the people whos ancesters made this country what it is, but is gradually beingtaken away from by these goody two shoe politicians, who are selling this country downthe river.   Ron get real!!!!.......................WE THE PEOPLE...........

I think his plan will work for the people and country. It is not being handed to them on a platter for a way of buying their votes as some gov officials are thinking. But I feel he is being fair and just for this Country and showing compassion for people, allowing in time to follow the  protocol already in-placed by law!

I guess he is not as stupid as he appeares to be.

Paul is as goofy as his dad. China already has our decent jobs.Let the Mexicans take what's left!Rand Paul 2016!

Quickly, Master Soros is growing impatient !

Randnesty

No No way,,, Keep to deport more them back their countries ...  USA is NOT belong Latino since 1776 (more than twoo years ) and Now Latino try to be collapsed or destoryed eveything USA.  Canada is NOT belong to Latino but I believe Latino will try to destory Canada  .  I feel like we would be in Mexicoland in USA. Where are white and black would be gonel

Deported illegal alien.

For the 1st time on matters involving libertarians, I am going tohave to take back some of my words.I once stated that if Rand ever became 1/2 of what his fatherwas he would be a great presidential candidate.It now appears that Rand is set to be way better than his dad,and as such is still a great pesidential candidate.My apologies for my previous miscalculation of Rands potential.I hope you will all forgive me?

And conservatives need immigration reform so they stop looking like racists to a growing minority electorate.