So far, this guy is my kind of Church leader. Informal and keeps his homily to 5 minutes or less.

Imagine a Pope that dresses simply and freely mingles with common people. Sounds like the kind of thing that Jesus did rather than dressing in fancy garments and putting himself above other people.

He is a great guy, but there are evil people out there out to make a name for themselves by harming such simple people who hold such high offices. Hope his security doesn't let up.

Pope Francis is a class act.  Unique, caring and humble.  Can't wait until he starts traveling to different countries.  God Bless the Pope!

Very refreshing so far. Forgiveness, compassion, humility are good things.

The more I see and hear about this man, the more I like him, and think the whole World needs his kind of humility.  Finallllllllllllly , a man who isn't afraid to get down in the trenches.

Is this a refreshing new papacy?  Good luck Pope Francis!

I believe the man has to be giving a chance ,before ANY can cast judgement. You cant judge a book by it's cover,and to be so critical at the onslaught is irrational. This NEW Pope is genuine &amp; humbleTo scrutinize a man before he has a chance is stupidity

This Pope is trying to let people know that although he is 76 years old he is going to change the church for the better. If you have no faith, you really have nothing. Faith Is a word that is used when your dad or mother is sick ,you have faith that they will get better!

I am not Catholic, but I am a Christian, and I am very impressed with what I have seen from Francis I. He appears to be genuine and pastoral in his ministry, and I really like his emphasis so far on returning to the simplicity of the Gospel.. I pray blessings and divine guidance for him.I'm not even close to being catholic, but I think I will pay attention to what Francis has to say.He seems to actually want to relate to the people.

From his behavour we wil al learn.

Pope Francis went on to say, “It is not easy trust oneself to the mercy of God, because [His mercy] is an unfathomable abyss – but we must do it!” Pope Francis continued, “He has the ability to forget, [which is] special: He forgets [our sins], He kisses you, He embraces you, and He says to you, ‘Neither do I condemn you. Go, and from now, on, sin no more.’ Only that counsel does He give you.” Pope Francis concluded, saying, “We ask for the grace of never tiring of asking pardon, for He never tires of pardoning.”

"In his homily, Francis spoke only five minutes, saying the core message of God is "that of mercy." He said God has an unfathomable capacity to pardon, and noted that people are often harder on each other than God is towards sinners."

A man,that all christains can like,regardless of your religion. Finally a pope,that stands for the average person,and the poor at the same time.

For those who appreciate the humbleness of Pope Francis, I recommend the movie "Saving Grace" with Tom Conti.

I like his humble pastoral approach... go Pope Francis!

Pope FRancis is walking the walk..he is exactly what we need in this decaying world...I feel renewed

oh, how i do like this man!he must be giving the Vatican Security and the "Politicians" ulcers.....his humble soul endears himself to the people who desperately need to feel included.surely Francesco is a, Man of God.may the Good Lord surround him with His Angels and Saints.

A refreshing breath of fresh air. It looks like a true leader and man of God has emerged.I'm not catholic... but I already love this pope. He is a man of the people.

I am a  non-practicing Catholic,but, I think The Holy Father will bring great and much needed changes to Catholosism. God Bless You Pope Francis.

i'm a protestant but i'm been impressed by this Pope's humble ways so far, this may be a time for enlightenment of the church's philosophys that have turn so many against the heirarchy in the past....sometimes change is good...hope it's all positive for those of his faith/beliefs.

He sounds really sweet. I sincerely hope no one is going to take advantage of his ways to shoot him! Being old-fashioned, he might anger some people.

I'm betting this Pope will give the security folks a big headache.

If he is right about God then there is a lot of work to be done in the Church first

He has asked that we pray for him...and I will... and I love that he has taken the name of St. Francis of Assisi ...the Patron Saint of Animals... it makes me care for this man even more...he seems to have a sweetness about him that is hard to describe..maybe it's his smile.

I pity his Chief of Security. there are a lot of nut jobs out there.

You got to love him, at least his style at any rate.

I think I like this Pope. Hope he heals the faithful.A humble man with a good message. I hope.........pray

Amen!!  I am not Catholic but I do love this Pope.

Frances is the right Pope at the right time it seems, he brings smiles and hope. can feel a strong streak of returning to basics that were taught but had a disconnect with reality which burned people out on the Church. bet his security team is having fits!

Haven't been to mass in a while - his apparent goodness draws home like a beacon.

In a word:  "Beautiful."

At last, a pope who knows how to pope . . .

He is a gentle holy man. His example speaks volumes.

you go Jesuit!!

God bless, protect, and aid this man

If he can infuse more humility into the Church, and move the organization away from the pomp and circumstance of Charlemagne and back towards the original example of Jesus, he will have accomplished much.What ever you may think about the Catholis church is up to you. I would just like to see if any of you have the nuggets to slam the muslim faith with the same vigor.

I'll tell you one thing, whether you believe or not, in AMERICA we can coexist with dissimilar beliefs.  Protect the CONSTITUTION which provides for that freedom of worship and expression.

I don't believe in God, however I do realize the importance of God to people who believe and I think this Pope will do great things for everyone.  He is very humble and is for the people whether we believe or not.  I love why he chose the name Francis and I look forward to seeing all the great things Pope Francis will do.  We can all learn from someone like him whether we are believers or not.

Some words regarding this Church and Pope:  "Let him who is without sin cast the firrst stone!",  "Judge not, lest ye be judged" and "whosoever desires to be great among you, let him be your servant".

This new Pope is so well liked by Catholics you should expect to see a huge media attack against anything Catholics support because it is in direct conflict with the liberal media and their agenda.  The media has repeatedly emphased the 'sex abuse' scandal even though it represents such a small amounts of the hundreds of thousands of priests worldwide...all with the intent to belittle Christianity using the Catholic Church as its target because it is so huge.

why are the protestant posters being so nasty? you wouldn't have your brand of church without a Catholic base. afraid the collection plates are going to empty out as people move away from your churches? atheists excluded of course.

I left the RCC 10 years ago and lost my faith. I went to primary through high school in a Catholic school and did my undergraduate and graduate degrees at a Catholic university. I cannot say why but this pope is giving me a sense of faith again, and depending on how he deals with the scandals I sense a renewed interest in the Church.

Even the anti-Catholic trolls are struggling to find something negative to say about the Holy Father!  God bless Pope Francis!

The catholic church shelters, feeds, teaches in their many universities,high schools,grade schools, cares for in their many hospitals, more people than any organization in the world.

I'm a Protestant but I feel the same good vibe everybody feels about this man. No doubt this man is sincere and loving, may god bless him and protect him.This guy is gonna be cool.

Do u realize what the pope said here? yea! that we are harder on each other than God is on sinners. That means if we can have a change of attitude, then we can have a better world

I'll bet he's driving his security detail crazy.

This pope has truly herd the message that Francis of Assisi delivered in the middle ages.  The people of God are the concern of the Church.  The pomp and circumstance tradition is layered by men who forgot why they served.  He is restoring the heart and the soul of the Roman Church as he reaches out to the poor that the lonely ones.  There will be many uncomfortable clergy in the Vatican as he begins sweeping away the cobwebs and letting in the sunlight.  Jesus spoke to the crowds.  This man is doing the same.  Just watch as his message develops how the crowds at the confessionals will increase. May God be with him and protect him from harm as he tends his flock.

" God has an unfathomable capacity to pardon, and noted that people are often harder on each other than God is towards sinners."  Oh, would that were more true today. Hopefully Francis will see that message gets more attention.

A Pope of the People finally someone that can fill John Paul's shoes.. May God Bless Him and keep him save...

why is it that the extremists on the right (fundamentalist types, Seventh dayers, jehovas witness) and the extremists on the left (communitsts, secularists, extreme gay righters) only have ONE thing in common- a deep hatred for the Catholic church. it's one of the things that got me (while i was a protestant missionary) to at least look at the catholic church and ask, what's going on here? why do people hate this thing with such weak reasons and arguments.and after a long search through the scriptures, though history, and though asking questions i was led home to the Catholic church

I'm beginning to like this guy.

As Catholics it is important to remember to follow in Christ's footsteps and to be the voice of the poor,the sick and the children. I think this Pope will.

May God bless us all with His presence, long live Christ the King. Satan be gone, in the Name of Jesus.What's this? Cynicism aside; I saw 'The Shoes of the Fisherman' decades ago. The Holy Father has inherited a Holy hot potato, if he dithers around as a rustic parish priest the Church is going to be in real trouble.

This happy,welcoming,smiling man has renewed my faith that he will bring people back to the church!

That's the sign of a good priest...short Homilies! Good luck to this guy.

Wait a minute...The Pope went to church on a Sunday??!!  The devil, you say!

We must learn to forgive as God does forgive without reserve. To forgive is hard, yet that is an invitation of today. Begin to do exactly that.

......mainly and mostly........he is still a warm and down to earth Italian.....always love to visit Italy.....the people are warm and friendly.....

You go Pope, the Catholic Church needs a lot of help.  Dont fall into the age old trap now that you are running it.  Stick to what you have done brother.  God Bless you and good luck..

Me thinks this Pope is really a breath of fresh air......I loved the story about Benedict XVI going back to his favorite brown loafers and there seems to be a little dispute about Pope Francis I wearing the Papal red shoes...........more change comimg perhaps????

Yes, we must forgive those priests who caused so much pain to children, but God also gave us the law and they must pay for what they did.

......seems from many of the negative comments here against the Pope, He's angered satans'minions.............I like this guy. I really do.

He's said that they should be poor and HELPED the poor. Hope he handpicked his security. I like this Pope.

I not Catholic, but I would be more than honored to serve on this man's security detail.

Maybe he should bring back the 2nd and 4th commandment, as Yashua said he that breaks the least of my commandments has broken them all.

at first i didn't like this new pope , because of his age , but i am starting to like him more and more each and every day, i say, god bless the new pope, and all people. and yes that means god bless you to.

I think he is going to make the team.

Deus Beatus Francis !

Gotta love people online who post stupid, offensive stuff and don't even have the seeds to use their real name.

Amazing isn't it?  Even Catholics are both amazed and relieved that the Pope seems to be a nice guy.

Does the News media realize that the Pope is not some kind of Hollywood Star? Because they are reporting like he was,and i am sick of it!Pope Francis is the first good thing I've heard about the Catholic church in a very long time!

What, no pics of the new Pope to go with the article? And why is this in the science section of the News? AP and Yahoo are a perfect pair of non-functional and unorganized journalism...

I like most of what he has said so far, but what about this "giving the Falklands back to Argentina" business. They never owned them in the first place. The original owners were sea birds. The people that live there now voted to stay with the British.

what a humble, honest man. God has indeed sent us a wonderful example of Jesus on earth. I pray that his light brings more people to Christ..

I'm not a Catholic, but I thought "Habemus Papam" was the most moving movie I've seen in recent years.  Italian, with subtitles (this will discourage mainly the Americans, I think).  I do love Italy, and have for many years.

Pope Francis  has in few days accomplished much. His simple and humble style will  forever define this papacy.  As a Catholic, Francis is breathing much needed life into  the church.

i was so related in his heart to the poore people.. and his speech to the media was so sprituall wd me... he have a good and warm heart... may oure lord always guide you pope francis...

The Cardinals knew what they were doing electing this Pope.The Church has sustained a lot of damage with all of the scandals, and needs to reconnect to the people.Having said that, it IS refreshing to see the humility &amp; compassion exhibited by the head of one of the world's largest congregations.

May God bless him, and bless us.Make me and istrument of your peace.

Sounds like a great pope.God bless him.He seems to be a man of the people like John Paul II.

I believe in Jesus' message ``love thy neighbor as thyself`` not because I'm afraid of hell but because it's the right way to live. All this glamour going on with the pope has more to do with emotions than the real truth.Some people KNOW God exists and some people KNOW God doesn't exist. It's important for me to be sincere with myself as much as possible and I KNOW I am very sincere when I say  I'm not close enough to perfection to KNOW if God exist or does not exist. If God exists, I'm sure that's what  He wants of me, to be sincere with myself.

Speaks without a teleprompter. Easy to do when you know what you're doing and work for God and not George Soros.

The Catholic Bashers are out in force I see.

The Catholic Bashers are of weak mind and only able to spew hate.  The Bashers are always "right" and are not open minded to listed to a reply, just spew more hate.

I think I will like this man of God

B.every organization has pedophiles they infiltrate organizations like the boy scouts and other religious organizations but no one speaks of them.Catholic hatred.

I am not Catholic but, I wish our president was, so he could pick up a few helpful HINTS on how to treat all people with Grace and Respect by following the Examples of Pope Francis!

Only a few short days and he is well loved. He will make it. Once he starts visiting other countries with his message thing will come together.

I'm not Catholic however i find this man very interesting brought tears when first stepped out as Pope Francis God bless him !!He sounds a lot like John Paul I. Hope he lasts longer than a month!

Looks like every freak who secretly wears their mother's panties is up early bashing the new Pope.

Do you think he has a food tester?

I like this new Pope.  I am standing behing him 100%!

This new Pope is a real REBELGetting elected while the previous Pope is still alive and making inpromtu visits ,,,this guy is a wild man ,,,LOL

Do a Google search 'Catholic charities source' you will find that the money comes from the U.S.Government, as shown in the Congressional Record. You may not like this, but it is still true.

The catholic church feeds,clothes,teaches in their universities, high schools and grade schools, takes care of in their many hospitals and helps single moms. All this more than any other organization in the world.

The humble, loving kindness of Pope Francis was beautiful and inspiring!  He is a figure who leads by example!!!  A message of Love and Forgiveness that could heal a broken world.

I remember Pope John Paul II, Pope Benedict XVI, Pope Pius XII, Pope John XXIII, etc. doing the same !

(He said God has an unfathomable capacity to pardon, and noted that people are often harder on each other than God is towards sinners.)I have found this particularly true among my fellow Christians.Perhaps this Pope should be named Ghost.

The bureaucracy will undo him.

God has sent his mesenger to us.And just like Jesus,he is a humble man who doesn't need fancy things to spread God's message. I'm sure this has many Catholics confused when you compare Pope Francis to all his predicesors

the core message of God is "that of mercy."

Very impressed by the new Pope Francis.  Humble, and rejects any trappings of the extravagant Catholic church.  He's the man

"By their fruits you shall know them."  I hope Pope Francis I will do away with all the hollow pomp and splendor and display of power and pelf, and continue to act as Christ himself did.

Ring the Bells....The Hypocritical American Democrat Political Criminals will be in attendance....

Yes, and if you can get it, check out a classic, starring Anthony Quinn,"The Shoes Of The Fisherman"

Pray for this Pope. The Vatican government is full of snakes.  If in doubt, just think of that other pope who wanted to reform and had the Vatican bank in his sights:  John Paul !

A part of Pope Francis' mission is to teach the world that about two thousand years ago a woman gave birth without prior sexual intercourse.It is easy for us to forget how explosive and truly revolutionary the early Christian faith was. The Church at first had no buildings, no separated clergy, no set ritual, no bishops, no pope, yet it succeeded in turning life upside down for millions of unknown men and women, giving them a new sense of life’s meaning and superb courage in the face of persecution or sorrow. Early Christianity was, for the most part, a movement in which the distinction between clergy and laity was utterly unknown. Indeed, our conventional distinction between clerical and lay Christians does not appear anywhere in the entire New Testament. There was, at first, nothing which even approached the separated priesthood. How little, in primitive Christianity, the call to ministry was limited to an especially ordained group is obvious from a careful study of the New Testament epistles. The more we study the early Church the more we realize that it was a society of ministers. About the only similarity between the Church at Corinth and a contemporary congregation, either Roman Catholic or Protestant, is that both are marked, to a great degree, by the presence of sinners. Imperfect as the Church is, and has always been, the central verifying experience is that “where two or three are gathered in my name, there I am in the midst of them” (Matthew 18:20).

Why don't my backspace key work on Yahoo and Yahoo only?

The Washington Hypocrite Democrat Political Criminals did not get an invite to the new Pope's Inauguation....Maybe their support of Gay Marraige, Free Birth Control, &amp; Free Abortions had something to do with it....

While drinking a cup a coffee I looked out my window and enjoyed the early morning sunshine.

Pope Francis is a good and decent man who will work for the people of the church!!

I am not a Catholic, but I like this Pope. I was quite fond of Pope John Paul too, and actually saw him say mass one Sunday in Rome many years ago. I did not care for Pope Benedict at all, as he seemed quite cold to me.

This is far better than wearing PRADA shoes. This is what Jesus would have done.

"Benedict went into retirement":  but did he?  There is no shortage of convents and monasteries where he could retire to spend his last years in prayer, far from the crowds and the media; and a plain black cassock or a monk's robe would ensure that he remained incognito.  Instead, he is still wearing the papal white cassock, and plans to reside in a convent in the Vatican, within earshot of the Curia.  What kind of retirement is that?

A Jesus follower who says give to the poor &amp; not hi$ church ?  Get a taster for your food (use the guy whose lifetime job is laying out your daily clothes, he won't be missed much) and grow eyes in the back of your head, popey, cause you are in for a miserable trip. You may feel as rejected as Jesus was when the church plotted, persecuted, and Crucified Him.

The miracle at St. Anna continues and lives on.I like this man and his beliefs and his ways...much the same as one would say about Jesus.  I truly hope he is able to continue and not be forced into the Vatican's preconceived notion of what a pope is.  The Church needs someone to take charge and be real.  And get rid of the perps among the flock!

I am not catholic, but I feel a rush of joy at this Pope he seems to be real and genuine and a Pope for the people. I hope that Gid keeps him safe so he can walk among the people, because we all know there are sick people that want to extinguish the light. God Bless You Pope Francis.

This man is going to be a "Great Pope". He's already drawing criticism from the pedophiles and the gay marriage advocates not only in the church but around the world. Plus he's got the attitude of a Parish Priest not a PC Politician.

Everyone getting moist about the new pope: This was calculated PR. The church was seen as losing touch. Benedict did not have the emotional vocabulary to change that image. He stepped down, and in came Mr. Spontaneity.

This Pope is a good religious leader - simple and humble.  The religion founders like Buddha, Mohammad, Jesus etc were simple people.  Wonder why today's religious leaders wear fancy elaborate uniform.

I still hate the Catholic Church and all the hypocrisy that it stands for, but I'm warming up to this guy as a human being!!!

i just love him already :)

The Hypocrite Democrat Spend Thrifts from America will be there preceded by one of the King's Drones....

he just may be the bright light at the end of this dark tunnel we have been living in

I am waiting or the big Ebay sale of the Vatican treasures and the proceeds donated to the needy.Sounds to me like a man making room for himself and his wayward priests. In the context of eternity God is indeed all about mercy, but in the context of time, well, step off a ledge and think about mercy in the context of time as the street below rushes up to greet You with the answer. As Buddha put it, actions have consequences. As Jesus said it, You reap what You sow.

Why is it surprising that the Pope appeared in, or near, the Vatican?

So pretty much like open mike night at the comedy cubs?!

Will this media pope-athon never end?

Dear POPESTER, you need to come visit the U.S.A. and perform and VAST EXORCISM on the EVIL repukes and the magic underpant wearing PINOCCHIO Mitt Romndusky :0

I expect his first official visit will be to the USA; and why, because the USA is the world's largest charitable contributor even with its financial troubles.

So many Catholics are put in the awkward position of being great "Defenders of the Faith" when there is no legitimate defense for the Vatican's involvement in the Holocaust or, more recently, in the aiding and abeting of criminal priests who violated the children of their parishes.

Catholic Church doesn't seem dead to me !

The Pope needs to make sure all the pedophiles are arrested and brought to justice. The church's should start paying taxes instead of hoarding money to make golden thrones and living lavishly while people starve!

Leftists, atheists and "progressives" are very selective in their bigotry.  They insult Christians and Catholics with abandon but are too cowardly to give islam the same treatment.My dearly beloved daughter, what suffering is being experienced by My beloved sacred servants, close to My Heart, who know the Truth and who have to witness the abomination in My Church on earth.There is to be a particular insult, which will be inflicted upon My Holy Name, in an effort to desecrate Me, during Holy Week. This wicked gesture, during Holy Week, will be seen by those who keep their eyes open and this will be one of the signs by which you will know that the imposter, who sits on the throne in My Church on earth, does not come from Me.My followers, you must know that the prophecies given to the world – warning of the time when the power, within My Church, will be seized by those who are loyal to the beast – are upon you. The time is now.Remember that those who proudly display the badge of humility are guilty of pride. Pride is a sin.Those who say that My Church must renew its image, update My Church’s doctrine and who say that, by modernising it, that this will be accepted by more people, then know this.Those of you who say that you follow My Teachings, but who want laws changed to condone acts, which are sinful in My Eyes, get out of My Church now. You are not Mine. You have turned your backs on Me and are not worthy to enter My House. Yet, this is what will happen. You and all those of you who demand changes, which are embraced by the secular world, will be satisfied, for the false prophet will entice you into his favour and you will applaud every moment of his short lived reign. But, it will not be I, Jesus Christ, Who you will follow. You will be following a false doctrine, not of God.So many will embrace the reign of the false prophet and push Me to one side with joy in their hearts. Then when the errors of his ways become apparent, My poor sacred servants will have nowhere to turn. Their sorrow will turn to fear and their fear will turn to despair. They won’t know who to trust, but they must understand this. My Body, My Church, may be scourged and desecrated but My Spirit can never be touched, for It can never die.To those of you who reject My Word now and the Truth you are being given, as a special Gift from Heaven, I bless you. I will continue to pour My graces over you until you come back to Me. I will never give up until I can save your sorry souls.My Church, where My Teachings and Sacraments remain intact, will live and can never die. It does not need bricks and mortar to survive, for it is I, Jesus Christ, Whose Body is the Church. You, My faithful beloved priests, sacred servants and followers are part of Me. You are united with My Body to form My Church on earth. So you must learn to be strong, courageous and faithful to My Holy Word, no matter what arguments are presented to you to the contrary.The time for the schism to be laid bare is close, and already, a terrible unease is being felt in Rome. When the Holy Spirit clashes with the spirit of evil, a line divides down the middle so that two sides emerge. The great divide will descend quickly. Then many of those who have been deceived by the liar will run back into My Sacred Arms for protection.I guide you during these sorrowful times and ask that you all hand Me over your tears and I will comfort you in spirit.I bless you. I bring you peace of heart. I protect you.Your beloved Jesus

Did this Pope publicly come out and denounce pedophilia in the Church and agree to turn over all offenders to the local authorities? No? Who cares then? Such an easy thing to do. Why not?

I  am fascinated by the simplicity Pope Francis cuts! I feel to view him more and more to learn much from him. God help Him.

A security nightmare! :)

His next act as Pope will be to shuffle around petophile preists, and to sentance non christians to hell. Praise Jesus, condem the gays.

Clearly (sadly) most people do not consider or believe that we will answer for every word we put forth.

Oh LORD God, thank you for giving us what appears to be a new Pope who brings hope and shares the 'good news' of the Lord Jesus Christ, our Savior, Lord, Master and King, the Prince of Peace. May this humble and gentle man bring all faiths together under one Christ and share His message of Love with the world just at the right time. You are awesome Father God, for you are never late but always right on time. Thank you for this new Pope who will promote unity among us as you intended for the Body of the Messiah Jesus to be. For united we stand but divided we fall.We praise and worship you O'LORD. For you are worthy. Amen!

The Priesthood of man is not scriptural after Christ came...Jesus is the High Priest.Setting the pope up in Royal Garb...Hanging on every utterance he makes...The public display...All these things the apostles would have never done for fear of glorifying themselves instead of the true God.

Can you imagine the complex that kid will have every time he makes a moral choice and hears the Vicar of Christ say, "Are you sure?" ;)

Google "Extreme Oath of the Jesuits".he was trying to sneek out for a smoke--oops

The Pope's Inauguration will be Tainted by the Arrival of the Free Birth Control, Gay Marriage, &amp; Free Abortions Hypocritical Democrat American Political Criminals....

The existence of a Higher Power is most probable.  Religion was a creation of man for power.  That is why men like Hitler can take control of nations, the gullibility and innate fear in humans.  We are just starting to venture the road of enlightenment.  A VERY long road indeed.

C'mon people he is only an old man. Not the savior and putting new wine in an old skin isn't going to clean up the Church of Rome. It's a doomed entity and nothing is going to save it.

the pope!...near the vatican!...unheard of!

Typical U.S. comments regarding Catholicism, guilty until proven innocent. Probably a few pedos amoung them.

It obvious that this Pope has in his collection of movies "The Shoes of The Fisherman" that Anthony Quinn did way back in the 70's.  He is following the script line by line.  I certainly hope he doesn't forget that nutcase in the Phillipines!

He won't last long before some nut shoots him.

Well, I sure hope he can get rid of all of the pediphiles in the priesthood. He's very simple but is he going to be effective to rid the catholic church of all the corruption and scandals they have created for the past 75 years. There are a lot of hidden secrets in that Vatican.

Did the Pope publicly come out and denounce pedophilia in the Church and agree to turn over all offenders to the local authorities? No? Who cares then?Jesus forbids his followers from calling anyone on earth "father" or "teacher". Mathew 23:9-10. Tell it to the Catholics, guess what 'pope' means.

I agree that its refreshing to see a humble Pope mingle among the masses, but reality is that this may be a very short Papacy given the amount of wakos willing to kill the unsafe Pope for a chance to be in the news.

I think he will have the Luciferian Opus Dei beat a confession out of the old Pope, aka Joey The Rat, for all the child molestation so he wont have to deal with it.

Things look good now, but he will need to change his ways ,  his handlers will make sure of that.

Did I not just read yesterday that a high official in the Catholic church just say that pedophilia should not be illegal. You can keep this cult religion. Not something my God would believe in.

maybe the best pope ever .

Good for him!!! Of course, the left "alternative lifestyle" whinners will continue to whine that the Pope doesn't embrace their aberrant causes.

The Catholic Church did a good job over the centuries spreading Jesus' message ``love thy neighbor as thyself`` but some of it's clergy members carried this love message a little too far!

it is good to see yahoo post articles on "goodness"  we seen all too many homosexual articles and their evil agenda, at least we see a balance of good and evil, though yahoo does promote evil lifestyles a bit too much for the normal well adjusted human being, but evil has an agenda also

What else do you want from Pope Francis, everybody?when we see him sitting down at In n Out.. then he will be informal.

He seems like a good fit, it is tho whole social justice thing that I have a problem with.

What exactly is referred to here by "pardon"?  Does that mean saying 'I'm so sorry". Ok, "You are pardoned", is enough?

I think Pope Francis is God's sent to redefine Christainity in the World. His emphasis on humility and care for the poor are the ideals of Christ that  are almost lost on today's so called Christains. God will give him the wisdom, strength and courage to lead the Catholics around the World and indeed the entire Christians and non Christains to God.

WOW are the followers knocked out of their socks.!!  what a sweet pope, ea? nice guy?Let's see, ....He comes along JUST when the Vatican is under heavy condemnation! yes?They've had some of their closets opened and skeletons discovered that make people want to puke.  yes?Patrons choosing to leave the church due to such a vile and intentionally covered reputation.This ISN'T good for the Vatican, it wouldn't be good for ANY organization. This kind of reputation will inevitably cause patrons that have left due to 'disillusionment' to NOT give their means to the Church.This isn't good for ANY business. When you start losing patrons you change your plans, your strategy.So now they have a 'NICE guy' who gives the patrons HOPE. He can take their focus off of the past evils, and make a show of piety.Catholic patrons LIKE that, even non Catholics are buying it.Revelation 13:3 One of its heads seemed to have a mortal wound, but its mortal wound was healed, and the WHOLE earth MARVELED as they FOLLOWED the beast.IS EVERYONE BUYING THIS? IS EVERYONE BLINDED? doesn't anyone believe in the Bible anymore? ....  :(

We were hopelessly popeless for awhile, but now with Francis, we have a pope full of hope

I like him!   ( I can also hear- the sound track-I did it my way, when a "made for tv bio" comes on about him,LOL)

Often deceit is mixed with lies for the purpose of damnation. It's what the enemy does. He said that God is forgiving. True. God will forgive all sins by faith in Jesus Christ.Now for the deception. He said God does not judge. The Bible speaks very specifically that we will all stand before Jesus Christ on Judgement Day and give an accounting for our lives and actions. Those not found in the Book of Life (non-believers) will be forever separated from God. Also, is the Pope saying that Jesus Christ is not God?Pray for understanding, not of your own wisdom, but of God Almighty's.

How I wish the Catholic Church was what I thought it was in my youth!  How I wish I never had to learn about the roots of the Holocaust in bible verses and the major complicity of conservative Catholics and Protestants in the Holocaust.  And your shallow denials don't change anything!

This is like Obama being seen at the white house...big deal.Pope head of #$%$.

Right, And, John D. Rockefeller would hand out dimes, and say, "This is the beginning of your fortune".  He overcame his personal greed and parsimony at the insistence of a publicity man he had hired. So, the Popo smiles a few times. The question is, will he follow business as usual and hide all the pedophiles? Or, will he clean house?Business as usual.  Of course.

This is man worship. Your being mislead.

the evil of all mankind religion no matter what flavor...religion wants to keep mankind in the dark ages, why? it should be obvious to anyone with the abilities to think for themselves, and the courage to get past the days of brainwashing when they were children. man has to accept his lot in life if he is to make a better world.

The Catholics are so ecstatic over this new guy, I can only assume they all hated the old guy, what's his name.

Dear Pope here's some free adviceMajor Strasser: Are you one of those people who cannot imagine the Germans in theirbeloved Paris?Rick: It's not particularly my beloved Paris.Heinz: Can you imagine us in London?Rick: When you get there, ask me!Captain Renault: Hmmh! Diplomatist!Major Strasser: How about New York?Rick: Well there are certain sections of New York, Major, that I wouldn't advise you to try to invade.--Casablanca

Snicker,snicker.Who cares.Nobody with a brain recognizes a pope as anything.

"Barry take a stroll in DC! hee hee hee"

Why is this news?

Next up, Pope takes his firstshit in the vatican, more to follw.This guy is for real! The key question now is whether he can pull it off with the Curia attempting to squash reforms.

Later, the pope was spotted at "Joe's italian deli" where he ate a salami and provolone sandwich with the "Boys".

Religion - created by man for the sole purpose of controlling other men through fear, uncertainty and doubt..  There is no such thing as a ghost in the sky..  Use your intellect and overcome the brainwashing you endured from birth..

Shouldn't that pic be of an italian flag?? I thought all argentines only focus on their "european roots" since they try to not be "affiliated" with south america at all, no?

LOL! ""...by making an impromptu appearance to the public from a side gate of the Vatican, startling passersby and prompting cheers..."  Why is this news? If he had passed gas and had loud accompanying sounds with that - that might have been startling.  H3ll, maybe he should bungee jump from the "window".

I attended Catholic schools for eleven years.  In college, I started reading and asking too many questions.  When I found out that Adolph Hitler was a life-long conservative Catholic who died in the good graces of his church and was never excommunicated, that did it for me.

who gives a sht

Meanwhile in other news..... "South Africa cardinal says pedophilia not a crime"

Will he set up the Skeleton Lady statue to worship like the Mexican Catholics?

The Vatican has excommunicated low level employees of Planned Parenthood, but they've got every excuse in the book why they can't excommunicate Hitler or the millions of conservative Catholics who participated in the Holocaust at every level!  That speaks volumes!The new "face-man" has cool gestures and extravagant vestments to seduce people into believing he's any different from his predecessors.  But it's just clever public relations to cover up the ongoing financial corruption and sexual depravity.  Nothing substantive will change.

Here's an idea . . . why don't they just tape a 24/7 streaming web cam to the pope's head and then everyone who wants to know his every move/stumble/bowl-movement can watch til their hearts content.  Unfortunately this will never happen because it would result in the immediate termination of 5,000 "journalists/bloggers" around the world.

the pope is not evil its the ppl behind the pope that are,, for years the top levels have had a grip on the office that's why the pope left when he did.. its better to live with god in your heart then blow to the devil..

I just hope some whack job doesn't try to hurt him!  Then he will have to conform to what the church tells him

Yo! Dude! I'm the new pope.

Simple people never hold any offices, yet alone a high office.  Backroom deals and crooks are what get you to the top.  You sheep will believe anything the church tells you, blind fools.Remember- A single pair of hands at work, accomplishes more than 1,000 clasped in prayer.

He truly is the Vicar of Christ.

...why do they keep calling him the "Latin American" pope?  He's an ITALIAN - who happened to live in Latin America... it's like the Vatican wants to get the Hispanic cred without actually having a Hispanic serve in the highest position...

i heard he also had a impromptu bowel movement near the vatican walls

Jesus said he wasn't God (Mark 10:18, John 8:42, John 5:3,John 5:37, John 20:17 see also Isaiah 43:11)TRUE Christians accept what Jesus said; FALSE Christians make a god out of a man and create for themselves a bad moral compass.The Pope at the Vatican???? Now Here's a news worthy story!!

I admire the life living  of this pope francis1

God Bless Pope Francis of Assisi

Gloria a Dios - Praise God for his mysterious ways. God truly knows what the world needs in the midst of a highly complex world - simplicity! Franisco (Francis or Francesco) is God's answer. What does he speak of? GOD'S MERCY! I pray that we get it... enough with the Latin and the Lace! VIVA FRANCISCO!

this is what a false church teaches --sin all you want you are saved no you dont haft to worship god you dont halft to follow his comdments--just live in sin---that is a false teaching you live in sin you die in sin---read your bibles fools---this pope is not God---- fools

Child molesters around the world.......................REJOICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

A murderous Jesuit out looking for game.

The actions of Pope Francis speak so loudly, I can hardly hear a word he is saying...

Why hasn't the Vatican ever rebuked or excommunicated Hitler or his conservative Catholic henchmen?  Do you dare ask yourselves that honestly?  The Vatican has often excommunicated lowly office personnel at Planned Parenthood, but not Hitler???

ok, here it is if you say you believe in God and you believe that the bible is His holy word, how can you not use the bible as your absolute authority? the catholic church stills meets and decides how athourity the bible will have and how much authoity their traditions should have. Makes no since to me . Gods word is the asolute authority of those who truly believe in God the father , Jesus and Holy Spirit.""Francesco, Francesco,' children shouted his name in Italian from the street. As he patted one little boy on the head, he asked 'Are you a good boy?; and the child nodded. 'Are you sure?' the pope quipped. You promise not to tell?

During my college years and beyond, I found out that Piux XII, while he was papal nuncio to Berlin in the 1920s, helped Hitler's movement get established.  Pius XII later negotiated the Reich Concordat which gave Hitler an enormous boost in July, 1933, when he really needed it.

I don't care how many hands he shakes, babies he kisses, homilies he gives, i wanna know when these pedophiles are going to be defrocked and that south african cardinal that said pedophilia is not a crime is ousted.

way to go .get real with people.

Via della Conciliazione is the name of "the main boulevard leading from the Tiber river to the square", Yahoo.

The pope must call on the Flying Spaghetti Monster to swoop down and personallygo to battle with, and destroy these evil pedophile priests to lift the church from it's crisis!Or the Pope can demand full disclosure of past abusers and their crimes, then provideevidence to to the flock, and the world, that safeguards are in place to protect................................Oh forget it, .....the church will never change.

Its all BS.

This is all fine and dandy and I applaud him, but when some nut takes it in his sociopathic head to take a few shots at the guy because he is making himself a very available target who else will take bullets and possibly die just because they were standing around him.  Security works two ways...for the pope and those around him.

I like his messege of GOD that of mercy.Let us cast the talk.

Ok, i like this but my worry is,mehmet ali agca.is he still alive?ThanksBut we have a lot of Issues To take Care of.There is always going to be Rich and the PoorHow do we get the Young People Back to Church

His past affiliation with the vicious Argentine dictatorship that murdered 30,000 Argentinians, says it all about this guy.  He can't hide from his connection with the murder of at least two of the "liberation theology" priests the dictatorship murdered.

A little "decent interval" before moving into the palace and donning the funny hat.

Same old Catholic Church

roman catholics just ignore the entire freemasonry issue like it doesn't exist.

that is great of the new pope-Ikenna

he should be careful, we don't want a repeat of 1978

I dub him: Pope Cajones Grande

They just completed drilling another glory hole in the Pope's toilet stall.

Grass is greener on the other side, but you will have to mow it eventually.the jesuits have always been known as the defenders of the faith,now they will be known as the saviors of the church,thats if the cardinals can be persuaded to live like francis of assisi and not like louis the IXV.

eats children's souls. fyi

his minders need to be watchful for people who unnecesarily wish to cause grievious bodily harm.......Ahmet Agcas incident comes to mind...as long as the world is in chaos, people who feel they fight for God will try to create problems and blame others for their problems.....Great one though!

I love him.

Is he going to go uphill or downhill from here ?

God talks to me on a regular basis, Just received this message from the Lord.  "Send more money to the Vatican".

News flash! The pope took a dump or the pope brushed his teeth or the pope had him another alter boy. Who really cares?

Just another closet child molester.

Don't be fooled....Vatican picked this new pope to clean up it's image. They don't want you to focus on the cespool of widespread priests pedophilia and financial corruption in the catholic church. By the way, this is the same bishop that turned his back on the 30,000 Argentines who went missing during the military juntas' reign of terror in the 1970's.

I knew our Pope won't conform to anyone's rules and regulations and wander amongst the masses being kind to everyone.  He even wears his old shoes.  He is truly the Peoples' Pope.  God Bless you Pope Francis.------------------he is not god you fools------------------

Without this new Holy Father the world is in for a wonder new beginning.bless him!

Good act but, give us policies that will change things that need to be changed.

God has an unfathomable capacity to pardon, What is he saying that all the priest that molested young boys and still are should be pardon

Yes...We R all demanding that the Pope should CHANGE &amp; DELIVER......But, How about US......when will we CHANGE?We need to REPENT.........We need to ask God for Forgiveness........How many of us have prayed for this Man?None of us have a right to 'politicise' this office.....Yes, he is just a man...but, not any obama or cameron or chavez....He is a 'spiritual man'......GET THAT RIGHT, FOLKS.....

How touching. Adolph used to meet and greet too.

Some people have this new pope on a pedestal already, others have him DOA, he's going to find out that being  pope is nothing more than a symbolic position with no real power.

Talk about blind sheep....the man didn't even enact anything yet.  You have no idea where he stands on anything...all he has done so far was wave and shake hands....big deal.

So the filth shows up so what

i want pope Francis to BLESS my goats !The new "face-man" is from a different continent, carries his own luggage, pays his own hotel bill.  Cool.  He's down to earth.  Things will be different now.  No more laundering Mafia money by the Vatican bank.  No more shielding of predator priests.  Yah, and pigs fly.

I would appreciate some serious coverage of American mainstream Protestant leaders. Is there some sort of prejudice going on in the media that refuses to cover the actions, statements, beliefs of the roughly one-quarter of the US population that practices a modern, progressive form of Christianity where all people are treated equally?

what does a pope do anyway?

One thing`s for sure,people are so blinded. He rides a pope mobile and thousands show up to see him.  His shoes get more fame than the average actor but he has never read from the scriptures. Sounds like Babylon to me........Really folks you have to smarter than that!~The sermon is even call mass`````wow

The same naïve devaut crowd also cheered wild like that on the previous Pope Ratzinger. Till the world found out that he wasen't so openminded and honoust at all.

He should stay inside and hide.

Grow up, olivia

The wolf is changing his fur but not his habits!

They elect a new "face-man" and everyone yells, "It's gonna be different this time.  He'll clean up the financial and sexual corruption."  And then it gets worse--again.  But wait!  Here's one from a different continent.  "It's gonna be different this time."

The new Pope's low-key style &amp; sermon on 'mercy'....is Vatican's way of keeping the heat of it's back. The sex molestation scandals &amp; financial corruption have turned off a lot of catholics. You wonder if this new Pope's charm offensive is really a self serving ploy to distract people from the ugly underbelly of the church.JUST ANOTHER PEDOPHILE IN DRAG...

I was born and raised a Roman Catholic I never felt spiritually filled It was not until I left and had a spiritual awakening and discovered what Christianity was really about. It is not about this dog and pony show!!

What does "patting the head" of boys mean ?

Soon after his election, it came out that Francis had been in bed with the murderous Argentine dictatorship in the 70s and early 80s.  They immediately threw up a smokescreen of denial, just like they do when reminded of their policy of shielding Predator Priests.

I grant him the befit of the doubt when it comes to his concern about the poor. I think that one might be genuine. But where sexuality is concerned, he will be the same aszh0le as the rest.

You are being mislead people! Get out from among her and seprate yourself from her the unclean thing.....Its the great HARLOT

St Francis of Assisi is a very humble, sincere and loving man who loves, feeds, talks to the poor, feeds the hungry  even the rats.   We all know that satan loves to attack those who love God and wants to put them down out of the grace  of God.   This is why Pope Francis is being attack because  he loves God, love us show his concern to  people of God.   Let us all pray that Jesus will cover Pope Francis by his most precious blood from the top of his head to the sole of his feet.  Let us also pray that the Blessed moher cover  Pope Francis by her blue mantle of protection,  Jesus together with his Blessed mother will protect our Pope against all evil men who wants to destroy our catholic faith.  As children of  God let us unite and pray together.   As Jesus said "faith can move mountain".  Let us pray for all who attack Pope Francis that  God will touch them and bless them and show them light of Jesus and amend their life.   As God is a loving and forgiving God.  Amen

This pope is anti-Republican.

Out boy hunting already huh..

Pope Frankie's gonna be a nightmare for security detail!So the new clown is in and the circus can carry on.

''Baha'u'llah said that God has sent religion for the purpose of establishing fellowship among humankind and not to create strife and discord, for all religion is founded upon the love of humanity. Abraham promulgated this principle, Moses summoned all to its recognition, Christ established it, and Muhammad directed mankind to its standard.'' Promulgation of Universal Peace, p. 232

"Francis is a girl's name."

If he sticks to the bible and drops the RCC nonsense.

Sure, he's got an informal style but he's still a man that's part of the Ratzinger counter Vatican II putsch.  Same old stuff.  The look may be different but the message is the same.

The Catholic Church is a cult. It was founded by rich, Roman homosexuals that engaged in homosexual orgies. The Catholic church does not have anything to do with God, or Jesus, they worship homosexuality and sexual lust. It was founded when Rome occupied Jerusalem.

I guess now we will have to be inundated with headlines of every move this new Witch Doctor makes.  Just in, "The Pope Just Pooped"....

What actually happened is that he was cruising the streets for little boys and was recognized by the press.

this guy is not right you need to read your bibles--fools..........

"And changed the glory of the uncorruptible God into an image made like to corruptible man... and worshipped and served the creature more than the Creator, who is blessed for ever. For this cause God gave them up unto vile affections""And as Peter was coming in, Cornelius met him, and fell down at his feet, and worshipped him. But Peter took him up, saying, Stand up; I myself also am a man."let him who hath understanding count the number of his name for his number is 666......the popes official title is vicarius filii dei.......when the roman numeral is givin for ea. one of these letters it adds up to 666

the little horn had eyes like the eyes of a man and a mouth speaking blasphemies...the bible definition of blasphemy is claiming the power to forgive sins....

this system will wear out the saints of the most high for 1260 yrs" revelation says. 538 a.d. they came into power.....and exactly 1260 yrs later.. the pope was taken captive hence the deadly wound. the papacy was extinct. however revelation said the deadly wound would be healed and all the world would wander after the beast....that is what has been happening since

Later that night he appeared in a small blues club and jammed for 2 sets with Keith Richards before slipping out again before the word got out.

Looking for the local boys to make friends with them?

I don't understand all this hub-bub. God did not come down from the heavens and appoint Frank to be his public relations man. Frank was chossen by a group of men. Can somebody explaine to me why he is so divine?

As head of a global GAY PEDOPHILE networkIt's going to take a lot more than cameo appearances to clean the house.STOP SHOWBOATING AND GET TO WORK FRANCISCO!

Did he do a spell or something?

how can one follow a church that refuses to deal with the atrocities she has committed?  Just turn a blind eye and continue to bah like sheep

"And they come unto thee as the people cometh, and they sit before thee as my people, and they hear thy words, but they will not do them: for with their mouth they shew much love, but their heart goeth after their covetousness.And, lo, thou art unto them as a very lovely song of one that hath a pleasant voice, and can play well on an instrument: for they hear thy words, but they do them not."why yoy speak spanish because?

If he was a demon, would he come out with fangs, horns and snarling?  If this is a deception, it would work much better if he appeared to be real, humble and approachable.

Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil. EPHESIANS. 6 :11

ask yourselfs why is the mainstream media prading this pope-----------

ARE YOU TRULY SAVED---if you can't see through this pope you may not be truly saved----

Why Did His Italian Family Go To Argentina.   The only Italians That Went There Were Musolini Supporters That Had To Flee Italy As The World War Was Ending.   Before The Allies Started Winning WWII, Argentina Was Axis.   The Good Italians Came To The USA In the Early 19th For Work.

"B's" comments are so insulting as to be self-negating. I am Catholic and I'm waiting to see what the new Pope does with the real problems of the Church. I am not amused by these stunts, going into the public. Maybe he's a real nice man, but his logic eludes me.

awesome pope video. on youtube, search: "pope caught secretly recording confessions"

I can't wait until God destroys the Vatican and the Catholic Church as promised in Revelations!!

"Pope Farts Humbly" Film an sound bite at 11 pm. The pope is a humble man. I wonder what he thinks of all this sycophantic media #$%$.BORING!!!!  So anytime he releases bodily gas will it be reported?  Someone will no doubt try to follow him around with a jar to capture the gas.  You've heard of holy water?  This will be Holy Fances Gas.

Can anybody tell me why the big deal about having or not having a pope? how is it either way going to change the world?  myth and superstition, people. white smoke everybody.....the pedophiles have chosen their leader...goodie

I'm not a 'Catholic Basher', but c'mon, we're dealing with the obvious!  Which 'change' is everyone expecting and talking about in here?  The pedophilia, molestation, rape, and homosexuality charges and documentations that exist within the church?  The money laundering?  The anti-homosexuality beliefs?  The anti-birth control beliefs?  Or the lifestyle of living in a TWELVE ROOM apartment??!!  Seriously, I thought priests live humble lives and 'serve' God all day. What more do they need?  Don't you get why they chose him?  Because just that, he is informal, 'just like us', humble....they aren't dumb.  In a way manipulative almost in a way that we do believe he is like us, and will change our beliefs in what turmoil has struck the church. I'm sorry BUT NOTHING will change my mind until the peds are faced with the LAW.  No GOD should be above the law.  Molest as many children as you want and leave you in the hands of God?  Are you kidding me??!!

Pfft, show-off..

I am waiting for the rape jokes.

He was trolling for boys, I wonder if he found any? Next time he needs to ware a baseball hat, they will not see him, except for his dress and slippers.

Is he the supreme leader of all child molestors now?

You fu*cking catholics are wacked!

this pope ain t gonna last long             after they kill him will he be buried in red slippers too?

If this pope is truly a Godly pope, I wonder who will sit on the temple mount in Jerusalem as the false prophet. Could the pope emeritus volunteer to serve as an envoy to Jerusalem? What could be an appropriate title other than pope for Benedict XVI? How about PETRO ROMANUS? In this way, St. Malachy's prophecy would be true concerning the last pope if the Vatican is destroyed as predicted in prophecy.Big deal, some guy walked around.