I'm more interested in doing "twitter" with my wife!!

No facebook and no twitter for me. I enjoy my physical activities. Too much attention is being given to this virtual world nowadays. Total Recall, anyone?

Am I the only one to notice that social media may not be the best way to keep a secret group as "secret"...

More than a few people on Yahoo comments could stand to learn a thing or two from this...

Twitter, Facebook, and Myspace for examples, aren't the problem; it's brain dead people who are the problem.  Think before you post.  Once you hit the send button, it's a wrap!  o_O

The bottom line is if you are going to be stupid, dont light a sign over your house. Those two boys in Ohio found that out, brag on twitter, and do the time.

You no you're a "redkneck" if you threaten The President of the United States on Twitter.

These have to be like the dumbest meth-smoking singlewides on the planet,,,,LOL

I've seen comments on these boards expressing the same sentiments.  Not sure how I feel about this one.  People often say things that are just venting their frustration.  To take this seriously, I'd have to see if the person was in a position to act... part of a group that was armed, planning it, etc.Just mouthing off is just that.... mouthing off.  But we are not privy to all the details.

This was an obvious chest pounding rhetoric. If his intent were real he would have taken his best shot. Announcing his idea or plan is just broadcasting your element of surprise, thus losing your element of surprise.  I don't think, Booth, Guiteau, Czolgosz, or Oswald would have found success if they announced their plans before hand either.How stupid can you be!

How about let's prosecute Hassan for murdering the soldiers in Texas!!

These anti-government militia groups always consist of uneducated hicks, gullible conspiracy nuts, and hate-filled racists. They always talk big, but they end up jobless and/or in prison.  If you're dumb enough to think you can overthrow the U.S. government through violence, then you deserve whatever horrible fate awaits you.

I "used to" respect all Presidents whether I agreed with them or not but, since Obama was re-elected, our debt is nearly 17 trillion, he doesn't think we have a debt problem, we need jobs, welfare/food stamps have quadrupled, our country is becoming another Detroit, he's an idiot, &amp; I hate him! That's it!

lol

I don't understand why so many PPL think that the President, from either party, actually runs this Country. Most people with any knowledge knows that even though the president is the #1 Politician, he doesn't run this Country. He has a few executive powers and the power to declare war if we are attacked, and the veto power...that's it....Congress runs this Country....

My bet is that this guy is a product of hate radio.

I hate obama.  Does that make me a criminal?

Little men making little threats. Threatening anyones life is Wrong. no matter what.

I'm surprised these inbreds know how to use a computer. Keep posting your threats against the POTUS, the more of you in prison the better we'll be.As they claim to NOT be the party of hate, lol! Im glad this POS was caught! As much as I dislike the GOP NO ONE has the right to threaten another person with violcene. Unfortunately the GOP gets away with kind of BS far too often! Where's the GOP leadership condemning this BS? They say one thing to your face but do the opposite. Weak minded and intellectually deficient CONs are really pathetic and have to resort to this barbaric and UNlawful BS.

Some education in the south might help.

This guy should be made a hero, he's a true patriot, protecting and defending the USA from either a domestic or foreign enemy, it's hard to tell which.

I keep telling you, he's not a President! He was not voted in by Americans. Non-citizens don't count.

all the millions of Obama haters were to do this twitter thing ,death threats on obummer would we all go to court,communist has taken root and growing

isn't this a little stupid. does the federal govt have anything better to do than this petty bull. how about charging the govt official with involuntary manslaughter that authorized the gun sales to the mexicn drug cartel that actually killed two people.

Sad that  this president is so disliked

Can't blame him, Owe-bama is trying to destroy the USA.

Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel just announced the closing of Ft. Stewart.

Obama MUST go!The New World Order =  Obama =Nimrod = Obama = Americans were Fools again in 2008

The last person I am going to follow on twitter would be obozo. I don't need a daily dose of stupid tweets n nonsensical lies from the commander in thief.

Bummer.

Let's put it this way, if Obama Keeps up his Geo. Soros Plan America will fall , But he is forgetting a few Little things , This is America and we own Guns and America is 72 % White , I think he forgets that at times when around all his little Hate  Whitey Buddys , Let me be right back with a List of Terrorist that Obama runs with

If they put everone in jail that hates his lieing #$%$ it would mean 1/2 of the people in the usa

how stupid can you be to put that on the web. If your going to plot something you never tell. I know young people are immature but this takes the cake. I want Obama to be tried for tresason and humiliated in front of all to see. He wants to tear America apart and I want him to suffer in a prison the rest of his life!

American CriminalsAmericans have not changed (whites in particular) since the start of this false nation,,,,coming to these shores and murdering tens of millions of native americans,,,even whole tribes (and nations into extinction) for no other purpose than to benefit yourselves, by taking all of their resources, and making them yours (instead of simply sharing the resources,,,,as they were doing with you illegal immigrants),,,,and now today you people continue to justify your government going into other nations, and murdering the innocent/non-combatants (women, children, babies and the elderly) for your gain/their resources,,,,but sadly only when you lose soldiers, and your economy suffers, because of a drawn-out conflict, do you people begin to see that your actions are wrong,,,,which is a direct view into your immorality and lack of character and conscience,,,,,,you people don't mind murdering the innocent and causing others to suffer,,,,,how sad,,,,in your own definition (a bad decision) is not one based in a  spiritual moral principle of conscience,,,,,but is one where you cannot murder, rape, destroy, oppress and gain the desired advantage and resources,,,,,without losing a lot of man-power/troops and suffering an undesired financial set-back,,,,you people are just as un-GODLY, sick and unintelligent as your silly forefathers were,,,who wrote that silly toilet paper you folks call a (constitution),,,,,,,,,but understand this about your garbage constitution,,,If the laws are criminal (as is the american constitution) then all of its law abiding citizens are in reality, nothing but a bunch of law breaking criminals,,,,,as is the reality of you un-GODLY rebellious, immoral, perverted, racist, twisted, ignorant, arrogant, silly and sinful americans,,,You people are nothing less than 400 million Adolf Hitlers,,,and your constitution and Legal System is a million times more lawless, evil and un-GODLY than was his,,,,LOL,,,you all are quite pathetic,,,but remember this,,,there is no Statute of Limitations on (Murder) therefore you all will be Judged by ALMIGHTY GOD THE LORD JESUS CHRIST for the murders of your forefathers (whom you all do not condemn for their evil acts of bias hatred, thefts and murders) but instead do celebrate their sins and crimes with holidays and monuments, being in agreement with their un-GODLINESS and evil manners and conduct. ALMIGHTY GOD JESUS CHRIST will also Judge you all for the murders which you all are guilty of today, and for invading the lands of the Muslims and murdering them as your fathers did to the Native Peoples of America (in order to steal and take by force of blood, the resources which were given to them by ALMIGHTY GOD THE LORD JESUS CHRIST) and which were not given to you all, by HIM. Therefore, either (Repent,,,together as a nation) and confess your sins, offences and rebellion which you all have committed against ALMIGHTY GOD THE LORD JESUS CHRIST, and perhaps THE LORD GOD JESUS CHRIST will revisit you and your nation at another time to destroy it,,,or either you all can refuse to repent and confess your sins, faults and wrong doings against ALMIGHTY GOD THE LORD JESUS CHRIST and against men (and maintain the lie, of your innocence),,,,and be destroyed as (a nation),,,the choice is yours,,,,

Well according to some people, since I dislike Obama, I'm a racist.

For all the lib/dem piranhas gathering and going into feeding frenzy here.  Let me explain something you can not and will never understand.I have never been a supporter of this President, and most likely will not support any part of his agenda as it now appears.  But one fact has never been in dispute....BARRACK H. OBAMA IS THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA!!!!  As such, I will continue to rant and rave.  I will work to oppose any part of his horrendous agenda.  But any physical attack on on the President is an attack on the USA itself.I have spent my life in service to this nation, and I have taken the oath to "defend [this nation] from all enemies, foreign and domestic."  I will oppose, as is my right as a citizen, this President.  But if there is ever a physical attack on him, it will be a physical attack on this nation, and I will not hesitate to stand at his shield arm.I AM a proud Tea Bagger, and my feelings are not unique to those who believe as I do.  But don't worry.  We don't expect you to understand.  Lemmings are incapable of understanding this concept.

we may not agree with obama but saying your going to hurt him is just wrong. aside from his job title hes a father, uncle, husband, nephew, and child to someone. just like every human being on this earth, I do not support his views or political ideals but I do support life, liberty, and freedom.I think Obama needs to be Arrested =Obama’s Past FactsObama is close friends with unrepentant radical, domestic terrorist Bill Ayers and has worked with him for 20 years.Obama is close friends and a regular business associate with convicted real estate felon Tony Rezko.Obama was registered as Barry Soetoro as a Muslim citizen in Indonesia as a child and spent 3 years in a Muslim religious school studying the Koran and saying Islamic prayers. “Agama” means “religion” in Indonesian.Obama considers anti-semitic, racist demagogue Louis Farrakhan a great leader, good friend, and close ally. Farrakhan is also the Nation of Islam leader. Obama organized the “black solidarity” Million Man March with Farrakhan, lives in Farrakhan’s old house, and is neighbor’s with Farrakhan.Obama has a half-brother living in a tiny, dilapidated hut in Kenya making $12 a year - whom he ignores while claiming “I am the least of my brother’s keepers.”Obama is technically Arab-American, not African-American and would not be the first black President.Obama refers in his autobiography to an influential mentor who was under investigation by the FBI for being a Communist.Obama bases his political tactics on “practical” radical communist Saul Alinsky.Obama’s ancestors owned slaves.

if he was going to act do you really believe he would have put it all over twitter . Just proves freedom of speech no longer exists and scott you had me up until u said u would side with the real bad guys your oath was to this country and its people not to corrupt politicians ...

just put a bullet in this piece of sheet's brain...how many more years will we have to pay for this socialist welfare dependant commie-con? I mean, at least it will be a step up from his trailer trash ways and the cons will all admire him like they do honey boo-boo...the ones that made it out of the trailer park. At least he'll be happy with the kind of man love they all seek down there in bama...roll tide!

Shouldn’t getting rid of obama be considered ones patriotic duty?

what is the matter with people? I did not vote for Obama but my God I do not want him dead, I just want him to leave!! We the People have the power to vote him in or vote him out.. but this man went the wrong way! Obama is a human being and God loves him just as much as he does me and everyone else..

Freedom of speech my #$%$

Not siding with what he wrote, but why is he considered a terrorist and the Fort Hood shooter isn't??

This case should be dismissed.  Obama is hated by half the world, if they all meant what they were thinking he'd be gone.

Free speech?? Right to express an opinion anyone? I have seen far worse being DONE from our "leaders" with out so much as a slap on the wrist. Did he actually try to GO there, with the means of which to kill him?? Article did not state. In THAT instance, yes, arrest him.

I hope he gets the maximum sentence. I am sick of these ignorant bigots who think they have the right to threaten President Obama or his family. It does not matter if it is Obama, Bush, or Joe Blow, you cannot threaten the POTUS with impunity.This case should be dismissed.  Obama is hated by half the world, if they all meant what they were thinking he'd be gone.

Now, let's see if he is going to get the same kind of sentencing that a terrorist of a different ethnicity would get.

Gee, the fact that it came from Alabama is so unexpected. Isn't that where all MIT grads go after they graduate? Oh, I'm sorry......I meant rednecks.....but renecks don't graduate from anything..........my bad.

IM SURE HES NOT THE ONLY ONE THAT FEELS THAT WAY

But Obama wants to Drone Americans  huh ? , I say Obama and Holder need to be arrested then, and we have it in writing and on tape , not on face Book or twitter

so what

Are they still bitter over losing the Civil War? And what makes them think they would even stand a chance now? The only thing they can do good is run their mouth behind a keyboard. Men of weak will, weak mind, and weak heart.

If you Drone a American you are a Murderer , Obama needs to be Arrested for Killing a American with a Drone  and two little Kids that with with him at the time , Where is their Justice ? Oh I forgot he is God

It's never been a smart move to threaten the POTUS at any point in time. However,in today's America where our constitutional liberties,protections and rights have now mostly been destroyed,threatening the POTUS could eventually end up in execution. Our civil liberties and human rights protections have been destroyed.

This is what American's do with their precious right of freedom, post support for death threats against the POTUS.  I guess this is what Kerry meant about, "we(americans) having the right to be stupid.I hope they make an example out of this particular republican. I am sick of republicans trying to beat up on the president while in the same breath singing praises to GW Bushwacker. Hey repubs, it's time for yall to just admit that Obama is trying to do it right. The only thing standing in the way are the morons that you have voted into office.

the US is going to hell in a hand basket and Obama is leading the way

So I guess theres so Freedom of Speech then...

This has not been the only threat on Barry and I doubt it will be the last.  That would be a day I would remember always.

When you malitia boys are training don't forget to look up if you hear something.Obama might just send you boys some company in the form of a DRONE!

i hope they got the soldiers too..they need to be put away....

Yeah, what kind of #$%$ President cares about poor people having access to affordable healthcare, women's rights, gay rights, equal pay, a livable minimum wage, actually PAYING for things we already bought (two wars and Bush tax cuts), global warming, killing major terrorist leadership, and ensuring that gun sales are not made to criminals with no background check?? Just to name a few things. I know there are a lot of not so great things he has done as well, but who's perfect?

Typical tea party patriot. I call them PINO'S Patriot in name only. Wow Alabama,go figure.

What ever happend to freedom of speech its in the constitution.impeach obummer.put benjamin carson in charge

Wow...baggers aren't too bright, but they sure are dumb.Damn it they got caught before they could do a good deed

Thank god most of our would-be domestic terrorists are dumb as a sack of rocks.

This guy is a true Republican.

Good. Now maybe we can get rid of this plague of Twitter, Tweets, Facebook, cell phones, etc. Horrible!

We need to Ban gay men , They Keep their Rectums Loaded

It is my opinion he was just saying what so many others say and think.  And thanks yahoo for giving a name to the association we all need to join.

remind me to never travel through Alabama.

I'd give him a metal for saying what everyone else thinks.

It"s amazing to me that American Soldiers are disregarding their oath to the commander and chief to support terrorism in our country.  They are bringing dishonor to themselves and our Army!!!!!

And Obama goes on threatening the poor and helpless.  His time is coming and God will see to it.I hope they give this gentleman a fair sentence let's say 50 years, that would be fair.

PREPARE YOUR #$%$, LOSER.

Idiot, you don't have to threaten the LIAR owebuma soetoro, he is taking himself down.

Tea Baggers from Alabama. Definitely not the brightest of the bunch.

thow his commie #$%$ in jail

I personally love Obama, it's his politics i don't like so much.

If their are soldiers involved in this type of activity then they should be court martialed right away and kicked out of the military via Leavenworth.. The president is their commander in chief that they have swore an oath to. But then again, a republicans word isn't worth spit. Just look at that lier GW Bushwacker.

Maybe they should arrest God.

@Ka_otees, that is so true...

@Shovel Ready, yours and my comment vanished, im wondering also, what up with that?Sad truly sad many have come to feel this of any part of the government honestly but maybe this can be used in the right manor so the government can open their eyes! As to what it is doing and making the people of the USA think, feel but please understand I do not think any should be killed! But most do feel the government has been stepping on the people and they need to rethink many of the laws and bills they force on the people of the USA without true input of us the people!

Do insults count?

I think people should be tried and sentence for what they do no for what they say. That's is Tyranny.Threatens are words, no facts.

No one...and that means NO ONE... has the right to talk about killing the President of the United States. I don't care if he's Democrat, Republican or some other party.That is NOT free speech... that is HIGH TREASON. (forget being against Federal Law). There is no more treasonable act than talking about killing the head of your country.These a holes that talk this trash under the guise of "Freedom" and "the consitution" are always without fail so stupid that they don't even know how government works. They don't know that CONGRESS makes laws and handles the nations money.They seem to be the ones who least understand a democracy. That elections win based on MAJORITY vote. If you don't agree with the results, better luck next election.You don't yell "fire" in a crowded movie and hide behind free speech, you can't always say things about people in newspapers that aren't true and hide behind "free speech" (without being slapped with a libel or slander lawsuit), and you don't go around threatening to kill the President of the United States, any Supreme Court justice, or any federal Senator or House Representative, and say it's free speech. You can't even threaten your neighbor without a visit from the local police, and if you have the means to carry out that threat, you'll be arrested.If you think that's trampling on your freedom of speech, then go get some mental help.

When you call yourself an Indian or a Muslim or a Christian or a European, or anything else, you are being violent.  Do you see why it is violent?  Because you are separating yourself from the rest of mankind.  When you separate yourself by belief, by nationality, by tradition, it breeds violence.  So a man who is seeking to understand  violence does not belong to any country, to any religion, to any political party or partial system; he is concerned with the total understanding of mankind.  ---J.  Krishnamurti

So is the third ID going to start a coo? There is lots of armor in Stewart as I remember. I wonder how many in Fort Stewart are connected, any Battalion or Brigade commanders in this militia?  This is a big story, when are we going to get more facts. This could be a huge story, and hope we don’t see armor moving North on I-20 before we know. Hurry yahoo.

Why do people believe it is OK to commit treason against the United States these days? All of these people threatening the President and thinking they have a right to arm themselves against the government are criminals, and moreover, they are mentally ill criminals.They constitute the very best advertisement for gun control ever. Thank God they are in the extreme minority of Americans.

Doesn't matter whether your conservative or liberal calling fur free assassination of any president sitting or not is wrong and don't give me they're taking away all my rights #$%$ that excuse doesn't fly

Someone honestly thought wasting a 1.25 bullet on Obummer was a good idea.  Crazy man, just crazy.

Yeah I'm sure with the intelligence on display with this act they had a real good chance of toppling the government and killing the president. :)That said it's no surprise this was an Alabama resident...when I read this Alabama, Texas and Mississippi came to mind.  No disrespect to people from those states but come on you know it's true. :)They should round up more right wingers and their hate and threats to the President.  Put them in jail and throw away the key.

Oh so now the troops have finally staked their position on Obama and its not good for Obama and the Federal Government. Goody!

lock his #$%$ up and throw away the key and when they find any other military try them and convict them for treason and hang them by the neck treasonous sob's

One word........ALABAMA

I thinkTag Romney said that " I would like to knock him out" President Obama.Why isn't he being charged?

REPUB / FLEABAG B1TC#E$ are NOTHING but COWARDS ! COWARD B1TC#E$..talk on twitter, facebook, yahoo news but WON'T take their COWARD @ZZE$ to "OUTSIDE" the WH &amp; SAY #$%$- Bad @zz MF'ERS - LOL LOL  COWARD @ZZ B1TC#E$ !

"Don't talk, shoot!"

Let's put him away for a long time... If for nothing else, for stupidity. FEAR this... Too bad you can't see it.

Another one Word......#$%$