This is nothing more than a typical spy operation with a young female operative fully sanctioned by the Chinese government.  Russians did it for years.

Hang the ba***rd. They used to just shoot spies like these years ago.

How may middle aged/old men have had a young chick show some interest in them and shot themselves in the foot?  Unless he is a #$%$, he had to know what he was doing was wrong, wrong, wrong.  Looks like 29 years down the drain.

She can visit him in Fort Leavenworth (NOT). She is in China right now, will get promoted and awarded by the Chinese military.

and probably to N Korea, since they are in bed with China.

Combatants are all  Nationalities ,former senators and civil defense contractor ...

Russian Generals were executed by KGB in broad light public! After stepping out of their U.S Made expensive SUVs lol!  They took Bribes.... in U.S Dollars.

No photos of Benji,,, strange...

Hes 59 and shes 27?  He handles intelligence materials and did not see this coming?    Sounds like Petreus, huh?

Chinanever follow your one eyed lil friend blindly

The power of sex &gt; the power of politics.

He's an idiot. She outsmarted him, she is a spy.

If true, and found guilty.  EXECUTE THE TRAITOR...  PERIOD!!!

ACLU to the defense, he gave secrets to Chinese, their type of guy.

High level secrets too. A trial, if found guilty a rapid execution. Spying is bad enough but this guy sounds like he committed treason.

Let him follow in the steps of Julius and  Ethel Rosenberg.

The Chinese cleverly targeted a 59-year-old man with a young Asian p***y trap.

Anyone need any further proof that China's our most serious threat these days? These guys were plotting before America was even discovered and the Russians were still crouched in tents, They've 3,000 years of experience and we've barely a clue on how espionage is conducted in comparison.

Why didn't they let him walk like the 3 Chinese nationals who were caught stealing military secrets from NASA? Ohh, right- he a small fry with not foreign country to bribe his way out of trouble.He sends an e-mail, damm he's smart....................NOT !!!!

Another college educated jackwagon that did his analytic thinking with the little head.

Execute for Treason if found guilty.

we have this guy with a Chinese girlfriend and another Chinese scientist who was just arrested in Virginia on his way to china with classified material. yet, we continue at the highest levels to placate the Chinese on their espionage against the u.s.  when will we begin to execute these spies instead of allowing them to live large on our tax dollars in prisons?

Wow, this is a bad B movie spy thriller. How many bad movies use this same plot line and still these losers keep falling for it. It just goes to show that man is ruled by the urge to get laid. Women have an unfair advantage and that's never going to change. A guy will do just about anything if he believes that at the end of the day, Mr. Willy going to get to come out to play. Although I can't get over the irony of an intelligence officer doing stupid things. That's rich!

How did the State Department  let in all these spies?

Empires have fallen be cause of coochie.

Hang'm high.

Under Obama's close watch, ha, man is a traitor and should join Bradley Manning in same cell, and lose key.

THAT is the problem with most men..they have two heads but think with the "wrong" one!!Happens all the time with our politicians, too.Why all these 'Contractors', haven't they proved to be unreliable/dishonest.

sex and spys go hand and hand everytime,,

Confucius say, "It is cheaper to steel the secrets than to develop from scratch"

He e-mailed her some information?? I'm guessing he's not a Mensa member.

God only gave men enough blood to think with one brain at a time.

sounds like a little treason? only a little treason today can get millions killed because of stupidity, dis-honor and a flawed intellect.What is the penalty for selling out your country?

They don't know where she is, but she is here on a J-1 Visa and they don't know which defence contractor he is working for?  Gimme a break!

I see an insanity plea coming. "I was crazy in love with her. "

Hang em both high.

China's greatest weapon, it's females.His attorney is out of her mind,won't hurt anyone.he needs to be executed for treason asap.

Since we are at war this should fall under the penalty is death clause.

That what he gets for thinking with his little head instead of his big head that has sunk more ships that any bombs loose lips sink ships

He got #$%$ Galore from Beijing with love.

An E-MAIL? That is the same as broadcasting it to the world. Why would anyone pay such a dolt, even with sex. Viagra is to blame for this fiasco, you know!

He e-mailed her some information?? I'm guessing he's not a Mensa member.

This fool fell for a honey pot sting?  Idiot.  To all the geezers with high security clearances... It is fine and dandy to rock a young hottie, but when she starts asking questions about your job... turn her in for questioning.  Of course that would be after one more night of tappin'.

50-something in the defense industry dating a 20-something from a potential enemy. Isn't hard to understand why counter-intelligence was sniffing around.

More good news..it never stops.

He's been loyal to US for 29 years.  She's 27.  Hmmm. Wonder if he shoulda known better.Are traitors still executed in this country?  or at least imprisoned for life?

Was she worth it, Mr. Bishop?

I'll bet this man has cash hid away somewhere, Jail him so he can't spend it...

If true, Then charge him with treason, Hang him...

Why does this surprise me,it doesnt it goes on all the time even in D C !!!!

Mata Hari- chinese version. Sexy Asian women with the cover of foreign "students". This has been used by intelligence networks forever. And men fall for it every time. Hardest thing to resist, right?

probably planted at the conference to seduce him... men are such idiots sometimes...he'll pay for his stupidity..hopefully he was observed and the info passed was bullticky... if not.. obsoleted now.

Better wait for all to be reviled. He only had a Secret Clarence...All the big stuff requires a Top Secret Clarence, even being an MP, and all of you have an opinion on something you know nothing about. Typical now a days ! This guy is a low level Government worker and got caught with low level stuff....The present administration has given China more info. then this.

Benjamin Pierce Bishop should get a fair trial and serve the full sentence. Life +1 or hanging.

He should be hung, drawn and quartered at the Arizona Memorial.  Event televised on all channels.Benjamin Pierce Bishop is a traitor and a pathetic old man.  On top of that he is, no doubt, a Republican.

Since he loves China, maybe we should send him there--in a body bag.

The ol' Mata Hari routine, never fails. The way to a man's secrets are through his zipper.

Hang him

Another older man lets his common sense fly out the window!!! Why can some men not think with the head placed on his shoulders instead of the other one!!! Wave a little young stuff in front of them and they will sell their soul..........

Treason = Death

HA!! We finalyy see some transparency from obama's favorite vacation state.

Anything for a role in the sack. Maybe weekly sex should be part of the expense account so this kind of interaction doesn't happen.

"Col. Bishop has served this country for 29 years. He would never do anything to harm the United States."   Really?  What was it about  the rules regarding removal of classified documents that the 29-year US serviceman didn't understand?  What was it about a 27-year-old foreign national seeking information about strategic weaponry and capabilities that the US contractor in intelligence wasn't suspicious of?  I believe the federal super-max cell next to Robert Hanssen has a vacancy...

#$%$!This is nothing new in the espionage world. The russians have been doing this since the 1950s. I bet he was a low level  analyst who need some TLC after his wife left him...ha.

A little #$%$ in the under armour?????

Can we still execute traitors?  If so, DO IT!  CHINA WOULD if it was one of theirs

A 25 cent bullet should solve the problem forever.

Honey trap works every time

The death penalty sounds good if he is convicted! Then others will reconsider betraying their country.

wonder what she "gave" him......

Treason plain and simple. Look like his bottom head was doing all the thinking.

Sexpionage, the oldest game in the book.

Seems to me the Chinese have a new weapon appealing to the lonely American. The nukey,nukey fortune cookie.Stand him in front of Manning and save a bullet.

No fool like an old fool...

hang him high, and shoot the Chinese agent

Hang the sob.

Have a nice day everyone :-)

As disgusting as this news is, the worst part is knowing that this isn't an isolated incident. Hopefully others will be quickly caught before any real harm is done

Spy living here under student visa, not know were attended, where she is now, Obama admin on the trail, what a joke.

detention hell . its death period.

He should be executed. It's ridiculous what we let people get away with in this country now.

Treason.......light him up.Spy's should be tried in a military tribunal and face execution if convicted. The stakes are too great to do otherwise.

No big deal here, Slick gave away nuclear secrets to a Chinese General in exchange for cash for campaign, I can still see that smirk on his face.

I'm not surprised, we (the USA) will give a security clearance to most anybody, and secondly we let the Chinese Communist into the country as "students", and a big percentage are spies.We know that, and still we shoot ourselves in the foot.That Chinese student not only took up a student slot that a bonified American could have had but was also a spy, we don't want to say no and hurt somebody's feelings.We have very poor leadership, our president is a joke, as is the Senate Majority Leader, and the House Speaker, jokes all.  Most, not the anoited one,  are working on their re-election, or getting their book together, whatever, we the people are last on their minds.Our last PRESIDENT was Reagan.

What a dishonest heading, he maybe a contractor but its far more important that he is a lieutenant colonel in the U.S. Army Reserve. no where here does it say he did this well acting in his position as a contractor. Logic dictates he used his rank!

He's 59, she's 27 and interested in him.  No #$%$ this wasn't going to end well.

Sounds treasonous to me.

The guy should have notified his superiors so they could get and create phony information.

chinese only a moron is surprised !BAN all chinese products !

How in the world is a civilian contractor able to get that close to that much information. He should have a public execution and the The Pacific Command needs to have a house cleaning. Waaay to lax. And let's see if we can get a picture of that Chinese #$%$'s snapper because it must be lined with velvet (and who knows, maybe it's sideways too) for someone to be that fu(c)in stupid to think she's asking about military secrets because she's sooo into you. In fact they should just execute the guy for being an idiot.

Don't worry, we got Obama and the Democrats in charge! They'll throw the book at 'em. He may get up to 90 days, unless he's a homosexual.  Then he'll just get probation ...Darwin Award, after hanging him!(1) Trust Chinese to begin with, for heaven's sake, why????(2) Why would a 27-year old want any legitimate thing to do with a 59-year old?

Well he did do something to potentially harm the US. Hello, lawyer, don't start off by making things up to defend this traitor!

expect more spies from this administration.

If.. all this is true, then I hope some judge has the courage to finally sentence a traitor to the firing squad.

charged woth spying? It should read tried for treason!

First, that little homosexual involved in Wikileaks, and now this traitor.

One more comment, we should be running reverse stings on these strumpets.  Send out a few geezers, let them have fun and once the girl starts asking questions he could feed her false information.  Follow the trail, stick her on all the no fly lists, cannot leave the US... Once enough info has been gathered.... Into the interrogation room at Gitmo she goes.The only problem is that some prude would complain about a guy having physical relations with a young female spy in order to trap her.  I bet someone would say that he was taking advantage of her.

Chinese honey trap.  Old plan, still very effective.

Now that's old fashioned social engineering.

So THAT'S why a 27-year old Chinese woman was dating a guy more than twice her age.There was a reason we did not do business with comunist countries in the 60's and before.

[[[  the woman asked Bishop what western countries knew about "the operation of a particular naval asset of People's Republic of China ]]]This is what happens when a man can't keep his pants zipped - and who loves to bed hop and not with his wife either..  That ole 'sex drive' will get 'em every time...

He just loved that pu pu platter and nothing else mattered.

He's just another sucker for that Peking Duck!

That fortune cookie will get you everytime!

Where is his love of country??? Looks like the only love he has is for himself. If/when found guilty, he should be punished to the full extent of the law.

"It was not clear...where she is now."  DUH!  Try China!

Hollywood story time  juicy too,powerful pocci

She is either in custody or one of our own. Once in the net, fish rarely escape.

An old military man with a big ego, a healthy "libido" AND access to military secrets is more of a threat to this country than Mata Hari was during WWII.This is nothing new in the espionage world. The russians have been doing this since the 1950s. I bet he was a low level  analyst who need some TLC after his wife left him...ha.

Public execution for spies and traitors solves the problem!

She love him long time.

Background checks, background checks, background checks. Seems even the intelligence  agencies can`t get this one right. Go old government screwing up this again. But you and I are looked at as criminals for owning guns.

BTW friends, the photo above is of a US Attorney, NOT the chin(K) spy !

We trust the Chinese why...we ship our technology to be manufactured there why? UGGGGThis dumb butt and other will sell this country down the river for a little play and some money...BRING back leadership in the US with morals and who are men and women of God and those who commit treason lock up.

Another case of Yellow Fever claiming a victim.

Bet she looks good. Round eye is hard to find while serving in the far east. Thats the way it was in Nam too.

Hacking and spying has done well for the Chinese.....Over the last decade or more they, by nefarious means, have elevated themselves to world power status and have become wealthy beyond belief .......They have ventured into space, become a manufacturing giant and will soon have a military that will exceed most nations.......Hard work and dedication ?   No.......Last year it was reported that they hacked the the F22 Raptor, at the time the most advanced fighter jet in the world......The Pentagon knew this and while our Secretary of Defense was telling us what great things were being accomplished and while our President was hobnobbing with the Chinese leaders, they were helping themselves to our secrets....... We spent trillions developing this technology so it's about time we send the Chinese government a bill for the stolen tech........Just subtract it from our debt with them and focus on getting it fixed...............

Off to the gallowsAaahh, yes. A little Chinese honey trap. Very nice. Dumb #$%$.

I wonder what head he was thinking with?

Shot at Dawn , Have some balls , enough of #$%$ jail timeTRAITORS TO BE SHOT !!

She couldn't have been Chinese. They don't spy on us. According to them.

At 59 years of age, he needed to give everything to corner a girl he loves. And that includes our national security

Isn't Chinese innovation wonderful? :-}

It's amazing what some men will do for a piece of tail. :(

dont think it wasnt by design if you dont then we are being naive

Bishop must have been late with the condo payments-surely he did'nt think that she "loved" him.

since when would civilian contractors have access to that type of classified information? very curiousWhat's a dumb 59 year old putz doing in the Military Intelligence....???

Wang Dang Sweet Poontang!

Get a rope. Treason.

Walker needs a new cell mate.

Lock his #$%$ up.

Break out the WaterBoard ^_____^

Der drone murder fueher gives all our tech and economy to the chicoms- this is a joke

Me love you long time..Give me secret...Me so horrrnnnnyyy

What an exciting life for a man more than twice her age. It would make more sense if he was doing this to pad his retirement chest. Not to puff his ego with a much younger woman.

well a Lt. Colonel? More of a reason to use his real head! He broke all the rules in all the right places! This proves even men can be so vulnerable when it comes to women. How dumb!!She did what it took to get the secrets.

white males  suffer my yellow fever and chinese intelligence knows  that  so they will send a hot girl  to date a middle age looser   that always works

confucius says - red monkeys have two heads. only enough blood in body to fill one.

a pwessy is a might powerful weapon. who the furck need nukular (sic) weapon.

We the United States are still under a declaration of War.  If convicted he is looking at death. For Treason.

this sort of nonsense goes on everyday in our shipyards...its just the way these useless shipyards are run

so whats new in our corrupted military bases

If you are a "Old Fart" never trust a young hole, because she's after your money or worst she's after our national secrets. Lesson to be learned here to all yall Old Dingos!!

Ewwww, is that her in the picture....

Another rich white guy that is entitled to our tax dollars. He's one place we can start cutting.This is just the tip of the iceberg!  A NASA researcher was also arrested today while trying to leave the country for...you guessed it!...China!.  It seems that NASA has been feeding missile technology to China for some time now, just like Bernie Schwartz's Loral Corporation did in the Clinton years!  Missile technology for campaign contributions, anyone???

Intelligence where? who?

I know someone who is going to prison for the rest of his life! I hope it was worth it you traitor.It's always worth killing for but not dying for. And as for you you are dead and will never see the light of freedom again.Loser Moron!

The threat of money running out or being patriotic can really bite at a flag flying Americans' soul.To be broke or to sell what I know, that is the question? Seems like he didn't ponder it long.

Pillow talk.  Gets men in trouble every single time.

GEZZUS... Now "D" before country   when does the male balls ever not rule their thoughts? WHEN?  it's like there is no end.....This why women should have more of a say in the future of this country....... becaue men have 2 brains and one is over rated............

Hang the SOB, he knew what could happen.

Cha ching.

Too many Chineese and Russians in this country and not too many smart Americans.

This Nation is its own worst enemy...........I wonder if the information would have made it to North K.

I served 20 years in U.S Military and had secret clearance so many times on special weapons. To get some A(zz) you don't have to give sensitive info. Just lie to this (s)luts and tell them your Military Dentist, the will believe you. Dentist don't have top secret clearance lol!

This is straight out treason. Classified personnel know the rules, and espionage fora little young tart, directly undermines national security. He knew what he was doing and should be held accountable for his actions.

Sex for secrets is the oldest game on the complicated, brutal international chessboard.

This RAT BA_ _ A_D, fell for the oldest spy trick in the book! Well, off with his head!, both of them!

and  the us  is so stupid  to let a woman get so close to even work in that area

We do it to them, they do it to us, we spy on our friends, our friends spy on us, our enemies and neutral nations the same.  We can persecute him, but we should not get on our high horses to do so.

Well, how's the chinese food taste like Mr Bitchhop ? If found guilty, don't let him get out the easy way. No execution please. How'bout nine consecutive life sentences w/o possibility of parole plus chow mein diet every meal.

F'n traitor. Give him his due process, and then hang him high from the big oak tree.

Am I reading a spy novel or is this all real?  I've heard this storyline before.  Old white dude meets young spy.  Old white dude gets his #$%$ polished by the young spy.  Old white dude arrested for giving secret information to young spy.  Old white dudes are suckers for getting the ole #$%$ polished by young spies.  My only question about this case is WHY IS A LT. COL. HIS COURT APPOINTED ATTORNEY?  Isn't this guy a civilian?  Don't understand that move.Frist, the guy should be tried for treason. Second, intelligent Western men do not date Chinese women as they are known to be the most greedy, sneaky, untrusting women. I dated many Asian women in the past and once a Chinese women. She was by far the worst of all of them. Always looking for the money, very plastic as they say in Asia. Korean, Japanese, Filipina. Vietnamese, Thai are much much better and more trustworthy.

Privatizing, the Republican way.

What a JERK!!!! Slap him in IRONS...LOCK HIM UP....THROW AWAY THE KEY!!!!

Treason is Treason. Try and convict to fullest of military law and shoot the guy.

Who cares about the emphasis on the ages? 54 or 27 years old....what difference do it make? You'll be likely to give away national security secrets at age 54? You'll likely be a spy if you're 27 years old and from China? Treason and MANipulation come in all ages.

Thinking with the wrong head

Total lack of any kind of discipline in our young people, HOW IN THE WORLD DO THEY GET SECURITY CLEARENCES?. kEEP YOUR PANT'S ON DAMMIT!

Knew someone had to tie the president in with this somewhere.  Shame.

...there's a nip in the air...

Pops got skunked, haha.How do these people get in these positions?

These authors who refer to boinking as "dating" are part of the rape problem in the U.S. culture.

Here we go again. Punishment on this needs to be swift and severe.

A woman's pheromones can knock a commonsensical man silly.

no questions, people like him should be hang right away...

why is it always the chinese stealing the american secrets? in turn, the chinese make something out of these secrets...

watch the #$%$ chinese, you can not trust any chinese not any!! git that

One head disengages and the other engages.An affliction that has plagued man since the beginning of time.

i bet she is a little hottie with a nice small, tight... opening....

He's 59 and still thinking with his little head.  Sure, stud, women 30 years younger than you are throwing themselves at you just because you're so awesome."... is accused of sending the woman an email last May with information on existing war plans, nuclear weapons ..."That's good.  Now, how do we charge Obama with conspiracy to withhold information to the American public on the ongoing effects of Fukushima radiation and its effects on the entire North American continent?

Why was capital punishment ended for treason?

Last assault rifle ban 1994-2004 and the Columbine massacre happened on April 20, 1999, right smack dab in the middle of it !!!!!!Assault rifle bans and magazine bans DON"T WORK !!!!!!!

The man should be shot....

Lust and greed, weaknesses that devour entire governments.

What would China do if they caught one of their own doing this?

What would China do if they caught one of their own doing this?

What would China do if they caught one of their own doing this?

What would China do if they caught one of their own doing this?

Mr. Bishop. That woman must be some piece-o-tail for you to risk spending the rest of your life in prison. Hope it was worth it, traitor. On the positive side, Bubba love you for long, long time.loose lips sink ships what a knuckle head

exchange programs,ha!  It should be called spy visas.

Benjamin Bishop betrayed AMERICA, for a young #$%$. The 27 year old chinese womantold him she loved him  and he believed it, what a shame that a man that had served for 29 years would trade secret war information for sex. he deserves to go to prison for treason.Give him 10 years.

If he's found guilty shot him in the back of he head and be done with it.  Her too.

How about the #$%$ broad? Did they get her as well?

Wonder what part of the body this tritors brain in.  How about omewhere between the navel and the testicles?  Has anyone ever heard the expression "A STIFF P..CK HAS NO CONSCIOUS (sp) ???

Wonder when (or if) the person will ever be tried and held responsible if guilty.An army officer in Texas committed cold blooded murder of many of his fellow solders several years ago, and still has not even come to trial.  The murdered American soliders (and their relatives) have been betrayed by both the American military and by the lack of outrage from the American people.

Why are we preparing for war against the Chinese even as we hand them the capitalist baton?  Because war is the only way the trans-national capitalists and banksters know how to reset economic expectations at the expiring power once their ponzi scheme runs out.  How about we expose capitalism for what it is, say thanks for the 100 year ride, and negotiate it so we land softly in exchange for the new kid on the block bailing us out?

"Falcon and the Snowman" Starrring Sean Penn.Sean Penn plays a lot of sick movies, either a soldier who kills and rape civilians or government employee turn traitor for money. Then he gets Oscars for that hahahah!!!

Geeez...our US attorney is ugly...Don't condemn the man for wanting to do to China what China has been doing to the U.S..

I truely want to comment on this one, but i am so angry i know my comment would not be accepted. But let me say this, not every thing is alright with the United States of America, but it is still the best darn place to be to be living, and i have gone to 57 countries in this world. The truth is i would shoot this son of a #$%$ for free and pay for the bullet out of my own pocket. What is so good about a piece of chineese #$%$ that would cause you to sell out your country.

Break out the WaterBoard ^_____^

Break out the WaterBoard ^_____^

Break out the WaterBoard ^_____^

Ahhhh, the power of the *****.Give the guy a break, an old man has to have something to give to get the young stuff. lol

Chinese women are so ugly, but then again he was a 59 year old dirt bag loser. Fry his A#$.

men, don't think with your little head and fall in love with a piece of nooky, it will ALWAYS be your downfall. He knew what he was doing, once you're in you're in. She probably threatened to turn him in if he didn't continue and she always had an out. STUPID stupid stupid men who compromise everything in their life for a little sex. STUPID. Better to be alone than compromised. such a perv

He must be hung in public.  That is the price of treason.

Wow, someone stole secret data and Israel didn't do it? Thats rare!Israel does it and nothing ever happens to them, that needs to change pronto

Maybe he should "Turn Japanese" next time

it is amazing what an old man will do for a small piece of young pie

Republicans want billions for war with countries that cant even test fire missles properly while ignoring internal security.we will be beaten from within..

Okay, so now we all know.  Why would this information be public???

Dumb thing to do! A chinese lady?

Death.......

Just shoot him.

That jay jay will always get you in trouble.

Shoot him. Treasonous amoeba.Burt; Are you, ready to make a new movie? I have a great idea for you to make sequel. How many cases of Colorado Coors from Tex. To Ga., Did you carry?

Wow, how oxy/moronic is that for an Intellegence Officer?

firing squad.

Stupid cannot be fixed.   Send him to jail along with her for about 50 years.  then deport her.   Tell Hussein Obummer to stop giving open visas to people from countries that are avowed enemies and are trying to destroy America.

What Obama Idiot Allowed A Chinese Woman To Gain Access To Sensitive Material?

0bama doesn't care as long as she voted for him...

Wong Hol

Obama will probably have him get the Nobel Peace Prize.

I don't blame him. He's coming to the end of his life. How many really good years of hot sex could he have had left. Obviously, budget cuts allowed people who know a lot to go unchaperoned.He was living the American dream,having sex with young Chinese woman and getting paid to tell.

America blames this man,and  we should.But for what? How many people have worked their entire lives, gave blood,sweat and tears for their company to have themselves replaced for a younger newer person? Not because they were better,but because they could. Dude had bills. Who' s gonna starve and or go homeless for their company?  He just couldn't work the low paying job and stay patriotic.Obama will probably give him a medal

China + Obama = Obamao

If the charges can be proved, this spy should spend the rest of his life in prison.  These people take an oath of secrecy before accepting a job in a sensitive position.  By giving up our secrets, they make our country that much more vulnerable to our enemies.  Until our country makes an example of the people who are U.S. citizens and who spy for another country, the espionage will continue.  Had this guy been a Chinese citizen, spying in China for the U.S., he would have been executed the minute his interrogators got all the info that they could from him.

Make an example of him!!   DEATH!!

PROMOTE FAIRNESS, FREEDOM, JUSTICE, PEACE, HUMANITY, PRODUCTIVITY, WELL-BEING OF GENERAL PUBLIC.RESOLVE SOCIO- POLITICAL ISSUES,  BALANCING BUDGET. OPPOSE SO CALLED "FAIR ELECTION ACT" PUBLIC FINANCE MATCHING SMALL DONORS FUND- DO MORE HARM THAN GOOD, RESOUCES BENEFIT "BAD GUYS" AS USUAL.  TASKS:  TOP PRIORITIES: Society in vicious cycles as in need of revolution, we MUST act:

"He would never do anything to harm the United States"..........unless he gets a piece of puntang.

The holeworld is festering with unhappy souls,and one day we will blow Ourselves away!

when do we get to see  little honey trap's picture ?

leave it to the moron defense attorney to say Bishop is  a patriot and would never harm the USA.  Duh.  Sound familiar ?

Clinton gave away US secrets to the Chinese during his administration so this comes as no surprise. I'm wagering that this case will be quietly done away with for fear of offending the Chinese to whom we owe so much money by their financing of our debt!#$%$ prevails over classified information any time

""" It's also not known which defense contractor employs Bishop"""  //// Maybe I can help out Homeland Security on that one, make call to IRS!!!!   ////  - man-o-man that must of been some hot hot stuff she put on him!!

I would think there would be more charges than that.

Get a ROPE!!!

The ol' Samson and Delilah trick has worked for thousands of years. Put a ring in a man's nose and snap on a leash; works every time.

Free Jonathan Pollard and all other spies for Israel!

Will he get Happy Ending?

Hang him.

ZERO TOLERANCE!!!   Where is the firing squad!!

Chinese even have better spies than us....im guessing an old chinese military dude sportin a young hot whitey might raise a few eyebrows in china. Takes us a couple years to figure that one out, start firing anybody and everybody that is even remotely resposible for keeping tabs on this guy. Just think how many MORE old white "top secret" guys are chasin young asian spy tail!!! We are sooooo doomedCan anybody keep it in their pants?

Bring back the firing squad!

He a spy plain and simple.  It sounds like several contacts with the agent representing China.  I can see it coming.  He was foolish but didn't mean any harm.  He did research on a Chinese ship that his department didn't track.  That sounds like willfully do harm to the United States.  People have been put to death for espionage.

Google Major Jill Metzger. When is she and her General Officer enablers going on trial or are they still living in an Air Force fantasy land where no Officer can be charged with wrong doing?

Audrey McAvoy; the AP writer posting these stories to text, has previously stated the Chinese female student's motivation is an "enigma" The only enigma is that Ms. McAvoy, and most of the liberal pacifists believe that the documented unprecendented ramp up in Chinese military power with billions of dollars in profit from being the worlds supplier of consumer goods, is a good thing.   Chinese intentions are clear. Economic and political domination, totalitarian control.

Not a big deal I guess. Wild Bill Clinton GAVE the commies in China, ballistic missile guidance technology for free. Just because liberals thought that would endear China to the US. Liberals know nothing about keeping secrets, unless it is about yet another one of their screw ups. Fast &amp; Furious ring a bell libturds???

chinas reserve is equal to our debt.obama attended the little red church.

Shoot him

Again the liberals of America's Academia allow our enemies to attend their institutions unchecked!!

American white men chase asian women the way their blacks chase white women.No fool like an old fool!

Execute him and be done with it.  Damn hippies and communist sympathizers aren't going to convince me to waste taxpayer funds to keep this #$%$ alive.

Hang the traitor or shoot him. If that #$%$ spy is still in country capture Her and kill her.

Off with his head!

Where is she at , In china of course!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Now you see where all of our top secret information is going. I guess it's all about money.

If he's found guilty, just walk him out and shoot him.

Hmmmm, and you all talk about the street crime in the inner cities.....

Stone him.

This azzwhole was thinking with his little head.  He's betrayed his country for a little nookie.  He should be given a fair trail, and then hanged!  And who at the defense contractor was watching its staff?!  They should be fined heavily for mismanaging their personnel and letting national security secrets get in the hands of our potential enemies!  It seems like our military is becoming complacent, and got caught with its pants down!  Literally and figuratively.The law is the law. There is no need in any suggestions on taking his lifedue to pieces of paper. Our country has proper protocol for situations like this.He will be treated as an individual who has performed treasonist acts and will be sent to jail for a long time. The worst thing that will happen to this man is his freedom will be completely revoked. He will never see the outside of a federal prison. Take away a man's freedom, he dies.

KILL HER! just like should be done the rest of these traitor leaders who are wholesaling our dignity, safety and freedom!!! If this were the fifties, they would have wiped that #$%$ out, along with many others, without ANY stupid news report...stupid country is getting worse by the minute!

I dont get this at all.  Turn against your country for a piece of tail.  What a sorry excuse.I hope he rots where ever they put him

Root cause=she opened the Culo to him

Kill that fukn traitor========public execution -----hang that #$%$

how do you spell protective custody

this story should prove to be the tip of the ice berg leading to beijing and its desire to do the US in

hang the son of a beitch....

Comes around goes around....You do it to them they do it back to you...Fair games...Confusious said, "If you don't screw others, they won't #$%$".

Hang him.... High!As i see it hes old enough to be her grandad almost , the.power of a woman should never be overlooked , they got it all and brother its brought more men and countries to their knees than any thing the male of the speceies could ever do.and that includes war and the threat of torture and death ,they are nothing compaired to the power of ( well- -pop) and.you know.it......

Treasonous

what a loser........you better stay in jail you traitor........cut his thumbs off

Did I miss the part where she was arrested?

enemy of the state hang im high.NOPE THE LIB FEUCKS WILL GIVE HIM A METAL AND SAY DONT DO IT AGAIN.

well now if this guy is really guilty of what he is charged with her should be visiting the guy with the needle or a fireing squad.  last time i heard espionage was a big time felony that called for the death penalty or life imprisonment.  of course there will more than likely be some fast talking smooth attorney that will make a deal with someone to get this guy off with a reduced charge or sentence.  then again if he is a minority the naacp or aclu will step in and defend him making out that his parents hated him when he was young and that led to him doing what he did.  things have sure changed in this country. they should have run that dr spock out of the country on a rail...

me so honi, me love you long time.

I wonder what she game him in return lol I guess the little head took over !!!!

Hang him..., hang him by the nuts.

Sometimes the #$%$ you get is not worth the #$%$ you get!This guy is definitely crazy.  He's going to risk the rest of his life on a court-appointed attorney, rather than pay for a great lawyer.  Big dummy.

Still think those egg roles/slopes are your friends ? Think again !

#$%$ #$%$

Another one who lets his small jiggly stuff think for him lol. A bone-head daft.

HANG THEM BOTH (HIGH)

It's called a "Honey Trap",and It's been effective for years.

Traitors should be shot. Especially the one with leaking sensitive materials such as nuclear weapons. United States has been too lenient on executing spies, we should learn from China and the Soviet Union.

Those cheatin' Chinese again. Gotta be forever vigilant.

Doesn't sound political period.  Just plain treason!  Tie his #$%$ to anchor on any ship and drop it!  The cockroach won't last long setting on bottom looking up thinking I've been screwed really good this time.

The good old honey trap.he should be shot in the balls and left to bleed to death, damn traitor. she should be killed also more painfully

Hard up nerds will always be a liability.

Bill Clinton gave "multiple re-entry technology" to the Chinese.And, superior weapons technology... Why isn't he in prison?

Mr . Bishop is 2 fries short of a happy meal . If convicted , I say life in prison with no parole .

WHOA!  finally something 'good' about us being at war.that means, since this guy is in the reserves, if he's guilty -no jacking around - it's the death penalty.

ok no photos of anyone. where do you people make these stories up from..show me the woman or the man. jesus christ. now whats next.. santa rape's ruldoph? just another fake story to get us all ready for the new war that is coming.. i guess i can write a story, with nothing to back it up and get it put online. you all can believe what you want, but me... I ain't buying this..

Of all countries to share secrets with, China?  China is the worst.

Was it worth it? Need multiple photos ...

I think that in a time of war a spy can be executed. Not sure if there is a difference. Once a traitor always a traitor.

There's so much wrong with this. A Lt. Col. in the Army Reserve for 29 years - and he sends information he knows to be classified in an email? He keeps secret documents in his home? The guy's not only a looser and committing espionage, he's profoundly stupid. And, the average home in Kapolei goes for $500k and he pleads that he can't afford a defense? Adios M.F., you deserve what you're going to get, but thanks for reminding us that China is not our friend - regardless of what the #$%$ in D.C. tell us.Damn fool

Treason. No bail.

Compromising a nations defense by spies is not to be let go with hands cuffed from behind. Here again international connections are banking their gains from sequestration and American Foreign policy. Not only is the Pacific Rim vulnerable but every US military base using what spies stole from their Intelligence.  This action is from Democrats confederated with A special interest group to pull down the entire Republican House.  Old Glory will be no more....Military is being used as one source of cuts that can't be assessed in real time. "We will not know if anything matters on the defense cuts until it's too late," Stein warns. "We're going to find out if there's a war, if North Korea invades South Korea, if Iran tries to do some sort of strange attack on Saudi Arabia, if the whole Middle East collapses, if Al Qaeda... Will we have the resources to protect our interests? That's going to be the real test."Assuming our military hasn't been compromised to the point that America can no longer project its power around the world Stein says the Right won the latest round of the two controlling parties in DC. "In a way, it's all been a ringing endorsement of the Republican party," Stein argues. The Republicans were the group supposedly putting the country in danger by refusing to buckle in order to avoid Sequestration. At least for now it seems they were right.It's a set up. By vicious hypocrites.  By Al Qaeda you are warned of your trespasses. The exact dimension of their declared war against any threatening men nations mankind.To jew someone down is to make an OFFENSIVE-petty bargain--American Oxford Dictionary.  That petty involved first class officers and civilian contractors.  Offensive war did not touch the elite WTO the snakes hole except in 9/11-01.All plotted war wiped out populations of civilians.  Thats why WTO and their Intelligence called their employees civilian contractors.  To hide their crimes of espionage testing the air and heir of wars.  Civilians are not counted by civilian contractors contracting civilian death and well paid for it too.  Thats is what is an international connection. Of  course he would never do anything against America (Government) he is a civilian contractor--killing defenseless populations.WALLSalaam 3alaam (Ar. Signs, flag, media) Maryam: Signs given to All nations.  The Salaam to Mullah Omar. The Salaam to the Sunni mahdi.  The Salaam to Khurassan Eagle. To is Always JeruSalem to abide: Maryam.

Now that Bishop is jailed, his chinese girlfriend is probably looking to hook-up with someone who owns a big  american company to get info. on business secrets.

You know where men's brains are...and it's right down here (includes mine too).

Wonder what Is embedded in our ipods?

Honestly...two occasions for immediate death penalty...Child Abuse, and Treason....

Makes you wonder how many foreign exchange "students" are really spies. Our government has no idea where most of them are it seems.

Isn't his behavior treasonous? Why isn't he being charged as a traitor to the US?

This is simple. "Don't let your dik do your thinking" from the movie taxi in the "80'sIsn't his behavior treasonous? Why isn't he being charged as a traitor to the US?

Isn't his behavior treasonous? Why isn't he being charged as a traitor to the US?

Isn't his behavior treasonous? Why isn't he being charged as a traitor to the US?

Isn't his behavior treasonous? Why isn't he being charged as a traitor to the US?

Isn't his behavior treasonous? Why isn't he being charged as a traitor to the US?

Isn't his behavior treasonous? Why isn't he being charged as a traitor to the US?

Isn't his behavior treasonous? Why isn't he being charged as a traitor to the US?

This is the main reason why other countries are taking down our spy drones from the sky, our so call high security contractors are selling us out for what a little chinese womans affection!!! Which was false interest and manipulation! I hope he get's what he has coming to him!!!!

Isn't his behavior treasonous? Why isn't he being charged as a traitor to the US?

Isn't his behavior treasonous? Why isn't he being charged as a traitor to the US?Wait just a damn minute.  Was / Is this guy a Colonel or Retired Colonel?? Why'd the Defense refer to him as "Col. Bishop"????  IF that is the case, take him out back and shoot him.  Problem Solved.  Problem Staying Solved.

This is the main reason why other countries are taking down our spy drones from the sky, our so call high security contractors are selling us out for what a little chinese womans affection!!! Which was false interest and manipulation! I hope he get's what he has coming to him!!!!

the power of the puxxxxxe

Wow this is crazy that there's real spy's in the U.S.

anything for #$%$...

kick his #$%$ , Sea B#$%$

They should meet the same fate as the Rossenburgs did .

chinese woman is destroying our men.....they are mighty weak for those s!uts. they everywhere......military fighting for our country and weak for the enemy women.

She must have been good under coverThis is a good excuse for Obama to go to Hawaii (aloha as h)

To sellout for sex obuma needs to send his drones since he loves to use them saves time and moneyThe Whiteman is being infiltrated all the time ! The Devil is losing a war that he can not win!  The Devil spy on other countries but don't want anybody to spy on him ! Lol!  Allah is against the  United Snakes of Amerikkka! She is ruined and her Humiliation will be Extremely Great! Satan  is Losing and he can never make a comeback!

Nakakuni, another zipper head that has infiltrated our government.........when is this country going to learn?

If she is 27 i am 19. That's the worst 27 year old i ever seen. She had a ruff life.

Execute him, that simple. Traitor.

Firing Squad

Another old white guy with an asian fetish eff's up because he couldn't keep his willy in his pants, what a shocker LOL. Mitch McConnell wil be the next one you hear this happening to.

Set up the firing squad for both of them.  Save taxpayers money not reason to take this to court.

Oh-Bummer will  drop all  the charges, or China will not loan him any more Money.China to Oh-Bummer......Checkmate!

Here comes the Obumwad pardon.  Can't be dissin' the LENDERS, now can we, TRAITOR??

maybe the ACLU will help himWhat rubbish

cant trust women :/

Chinese proverbs say" Man who walk around all day with hands in pockets, feel cocky!

Clinton authorized such leaks to China when in office..I'm sure this administration would do the same. He will be promoted to White house Chief of staff.

Put him in Gitmo

I've never met a Florence looking this ugly.

This is truly the seagull #$%$ on the tip of the iceberg.... it's as if a giant octopus is slowly wrapping its arms around this country and squeezing the life out of us...

I also agree with Zeitgeist , because  USA is the best country to live in . Just my opinion of course . It's fools like this that create problems with immigration ,or temporary visas for education of foreign students .  I hope he gets the book thrown at him  if he is found guilty.

Traitor.

"Col. Bishop has served this country for 29 years. He would never do anything to harm the United States," Bervar told reporters after Bishop was formally presented with the charges.Now, if we could believe the same thing about Holden and crew. Selling weapons, secrets, etc...to the enemy should be an instant trip to the gallows. No quarter given.Here we go again just when there is some tension with north Korea!This scripted Drama from USHow Naive can US people be to believe that a Guy working as a defense contractor in such a field will send all this in an email to her Chinese girl!How convenientUS please grow some brains!!!

how much did the Chinese pay him? that's what it's all about...

Good good....we need much more openness....enough with all these state secrets.

Where are all of the Reps. blaming it on Obama, It's always his fault, and he was born in Hawaii, and probably arranged it all. I might ge a thumbs up from all the smart Reps.

Cold war tactics...or are we all still paranoid about it 60-70 years afterward. Why can't we all just get along eh?

He'll probably get probation while Pvt. Bradley Manning gets life imprisonment for disclosing what some of our #$%$ bag military and politicians did in Iraq and Afghanistan, lied about, and then tried to cover it all up.

His crime is multiplied because he is a retired US Army Officer.Of all people, he would have known what he was doing to himself and his country.I am not sure what he did is trason, but I am sure it is espionage.He will be in Prison for the rest of his life. .... and she is problably back in China now.

Wait a minute here hoss!!...She cannot possibly be Chinese...They are our friends...Right?

The only country that steals our secrets and gets away with it more than China....is Isreal.

This commie spy needs a reduction to E-1, dishonorable discharge and forfeiture of any pension and benefits.