"Bank Tax" - LMFAO!!!  Already the media is spinning the plan to obfuscate.  They're going to raid individuals' bank accounts.  That's NOT a "bank tax".

Bank tax? How about Steal People's Money? They close the banks so people cannot get their money, then they take some percentage of all the money? Perhaps Robbery? Theft? Deception?

The world economies are not recovering well. Get ready for a choppy ride

Run for ze hills......go get your money before they take it.

This is theft by government and will ensure the cypress economy fails. Who in their faintest remnant of sanity would keep any money in a cypress bank after this outright robbery is over?

If the Cypriots stand for  this, the EU is next.  If the Europeans stand for this, expect one morning  to find a large chunk of your bank savings gone, just gone.

Next major war in Euro zone as the people begin the fight over power, money and control.

Its been put off til Tuesday and probably will be put off all week . The bank holiday will be extended all week . You people have no effin clue what happens if they tax the banks holding on the dpositers do you? That gives the ecb the right to tax everyone for their eff up! Its called confiscation.

Pay close attention to this, America!  We are adding $1 Trillion each year to our $16.7 Trillion debt.  No end in sight, no plan to stop borrowing, no plan to repay the debt.  The only plausible outcome of this failure to plan is a default.  Our President, Senators, and Congressmen have betrayed us!

The Cypriots need to engage in some "regime change" I think.I just love the idea of 'guaranteed by future' natural gas revenues.  I think that the only big markets for natural gas is China and Japan.  Russia and the United States both export natural gas.

So, the government taxes you on the money that you earn, then they tax it again and again simply because you have it.  The only way to keep from being robbed by the government is to be impoverished and have nothing.   And that is exactly what big governments are good for - impoverishing whole nations.   People worry about all kinds of issues.  But the biggest enemy of prosperity, freedom, security, and progress is the government.And yet the micrbrains on the left still believe that government is our saviour.  One by one governments are driving their economies over the cliff.  They are killing business.  They are increasing dependence and welfare, they are sucking the life force out of people with goals and ambitions.  If you want to start a business and produce something, government will throw a mountain of paperwork at you.  They will tell you what your relationship with your employees has to be to the point where you cannot compete profitably on the open market.  And if you are able to make a small profit, government will take as much of it as they can in taxes.Wake up people.  Government costs us far far more than they provide us.  Government is a parasite on the private sector.  And it is a parasite that always seeks to grow itself to the point where it kills its host - the private sector.

Soon they will install a meter in your chest when born . and you will be tax on every breath you take.

Paul Krugman says this is like lighting a neon sign saying "time for a run on the banks".  Mark this day on your calendar: it is the one time per year that Krugman says something that is right.

Crooked bas%$#@s everywhere. Coming to theatre here soon.

Didn't our government-media talking heads tell us to save for retirement? Now we know WHY!

The government says Cyprus has no choice but to accept the bailout with the tax on deposits, or go bankrupt.Then go bankrupt, so the people can take the politicians out in the street and shoot them.

Thi is pure out and out theft.

You just have to know that Obama is looking at this and saying "Hmmmmm."

The same thing will happen here in the US.  As the economy struggles under ever mounting debt, they will tax the citizens more and more, and eventually focus on savings and 401Ks as a source of "revenue".  Take your money out of banks.  It earns nothing anyway.  Take it out, and bury it or lock it in a safe.This is Obama's wet dream for the US.

This is our future.

Many nations have turned into giant, insatiable government bureaucracies.  This is because the politicians lied to the people by telling them that they could vote themselves things that they could get for free.  I think its time for whole scale revolution across the globe.  Even democratically elected governments need to be overthrown - because so many of them were elected based on the idea that they would steal from someone else and give it to the people who voted for them.  Democracy based on voting yourself someone else's property is a vile and evil concept.  And the people who have this done to them should revolt - even if they are a minority.

No matter who is taxed and who isn't, depositors will empty their accounts when the bank reopens. Anyone that would still trust in the security of their money may also like to buy some swamp land I have for sale in South Florida.This is being foist upon them by the ECB. Therefore fairness says the aftermath of this tax ought to be on the ECB as well. These banks aren't going to survive this without the ECB buying the whole dang thing.

Thanks to Obamacare, the IRS will have direct access to your bank account.If you think your IRA or 401k is safe, think again.  Just like how Obama is taking over health care, he also wants to take over your retirement options.  Government officials continue to eye the multi-trillion dollar private retirement savings market, including IRAs and 401(k) plans, eyeing the opportunity to redistribute private retirement savings to less affluent Americans and to force the retirement savings out of the private market and into government-controlled programs investing in government-issued debt.

If Romney had been elected, no one would be worrying about this happening here.

So basically they are going to PAY the banks to use their money. When was the last time the banks gave you anything close to these percentages for keeping your money with them? Banks will get what they deserve - empty vaults. Seems like the EU just can't keep it together, yet the Euro is still worth more than the dollar. There is a message there!

Tax, my #$%$, this is nothing more than stealing. Let them try to do that here in the States, there will be a mass revolt....

New tax will be coming soon to the USA, thank you, idiot Obama voters.

Obama wants to do this.Hey Cyprus...just start a civil war and the US will throw lotsa aid money at you. Problem solved.

Has anyone noticed here in the states all the billboards advocating saving?  Now we know why they are pushing it.

Cyprus will be the testing ground. If the banking cartel can pull this thievery off without too much public backlash, they'll implement this same policy across Europe. Perhaps they'll try this in America? Maybe this is why the big push to disarm the American people.

If you do not think Democrats will not tax the poor think again. Theydo not care about you, that is why you are poor and still poor aftervoting for them it is because they would lose you as a vote base ifyou got of the gov tit once you realise how much you are paying intaxes to support your ex worthless welfare a.s.s.To them you are poor until they need your money.

Are they putting a hold on all money in the bank? If I had anything in there I would be moving it fast before this becomes law...

Wonder what Gold will do?

So..... taxing the savings wealth of just the wealthy to pay for the reckless spending of the government is going to save them?............don't give the Democrats anymore hairbrained ideas...........

And guess who could be next! You can bet that Obama and his minions are watching this very closely as a potential source of additional revenue. Watch out IRA, 401K and especially investment accounts.

Coming soon to what used to be America

My banker is a real nice guy; I even consider him a friend.  But I'm going to convert some more of my savings into other types of assets, in case the US govt decides to "tax my savings" which were already taxed when I earned the $$$.A direct tax on bank savings deposits?  Goodness, gracious - what don't they just go out and shoot themselves?  I've never understood how the socialist mind works.  It's like a portion of folks have taken economics 101 and the rest have absolutely no clue.

Time to get a bigger mattress

Prez of cyprus has informed ecb that he does not have enough votes to pass tax . Buckle up folks . Its going to get ugly

It's surprising that ubama hasn't felt that ANYONE with a bank account is "wealthy" ....

A "Banking Holiday"...hmmm, more worthless paper fiat money.  Banksters..ponzi games all the way..  The only question is, when does the music stop??

This is a test. this is only a test. We won't steal your saved money. Unless we really need it.

Cyprus just gave the GOP and Dems a great idea...just you wait and see.

I really hope this happens...We need more people in this country to see the REAL ramifications of European Socialism.  I just hope we are paying attention.

Cyprus prez at 3 pm edst was to tell ecb that he didn't have the votes to get the tax passed . Not one word of this on here or in the msm. Obama must be censoring them again .

US in 2 years!When socialist liberals run out of money by taxing you, they create more taxes or simply steal it from your bank accounts.Liberals are the epitome of corruption.

Many White House eyes are watching this! Watch those 401Ks

The GREATEST DEPRESSION EVER is here!

That's what Obama dreams about, being able to just take 10% of someone's money!

Ah yes the bottom to top wealth distribution continues. Sad how the folks on the bottom bear most of the burden.

Notice reuters hasn't said one word that the cyprus president informed the ecb this afternoon that there's not enough votes to pass the bankster steal . Another bang up reporting job done by reuters . Libtard media . Pathetic manure reporting . And they had to fire 2500 people lastvmonth why? This lousy article is why

How novel.  "One off" maneuver says the ECB (until they need to steal depositors money again)  The banks will remain closed thru Wednesday to avoid runs on the bank (sound like a bank holiday?)  And remember - it can't happen here (until they decide its a good idea to steal your money in yet another way).

We already have a tax on savers here in the US, it's called inflation.

Thank God we have the Federal Reserve and guaranteed deposits here in the solvent US of A. No worries- my bank has a FDIC sticker on the door.

Dumbest idea ever.  This measure will lead to a run on the Cypriot banking system causing it to collapse with potential to spread to Greece and Spain.  Who would ever deposit money in a bank account when the government may confiscate part of it at any time?  Better to just keep in under the mattress.  Cypress has just destroyed its bank haven business sure as the sun rises the Russians and others will withdraw their money as fast as they can and move it somewhere else as soon as the banks open.  This will be a golden opportunity for other bank havens to get all that money sitting in Cypriot banks.What a totally idiotic plan!  Taxing "after tax dollars" that have been put into a bank is just stealing.  The people need to pull out all of their savings and send them to the US or Cayman banks.

Test

You know it is a bad idea when the Socialist Party is making a stand to protect people with savings accounts.  Usually Socialist like nothing better than to spend other people's money.

the dumb euro tea party does not see that they have already destroyed their banking model -- the funds will leave and never come back, but the politicians will get their bribes for protecting the 1%

So, once again the citizen pays for governmental financial ineptitude. Government officials should not be allowed to spend money or come up with schemes to raid things like Social Security - which has led pretty much to it's insolvency - unless and until they take a class in money and banking. Fiscally irresponsible lifetime politicians are ruining the world.  They have little or no training, and zero immediate accountability.

What's the quickest way to a global financial collapse and war.  Look no further than this action they are taking.  Ripping off savers to pay for political crooks.

Tax tax tax tax .......tax tax tax.....taaaaaax  uugh. I just had taxogasm

Isnt it happening already with taxes,when the rich run out of money who do u think is next

Please help me understand,  What is a tax on deposit?    It is not very clear from this article.Is it whenever you deposit the money into the bank, a fee is charged to the depositer? Or is it just earrning on interest?  If it was a service fee collected by the government, it would be devasting to all the business.   The government might as well capitulate and be out of Euro.

Now there is a true need for a person to have a foreign bank account.Nothing but racketeering by the Government.......spare the smaller savers?????????? The end of the Euro is near..............."bring this sheet to me baby"............... it would be the end of the free world.....funny thing is, our representatives only go as far as "unlikely"....interesting no??????

This is unheard of! For honest people and businesses, bank deposits are after-tax money. Confiscating a chunk of that is double taxation! Of course, there is a lot of dirty money deposited in Cyprus banks, but there has to be a better way of going after them without hurting honest people. Hope they don't draw any conclusions and try to do the same trick right here in the U.S.

a precedent has been set no matter how much it is denied would you trust the words of a politician?

Pathetic what government are doing, now literally stealing from bank accounts. Obama does the same thing, only before it hit the bank he gets his cut up-front through a scam called taxation.

This is obviously a safe haven for money. call it off-shore banking with high interest, why else would anyone outside of Cyprus put there money in these banks, gotta love the reporting. NO mention of why wealthy Russians lodge their money in Cyprus.

Now you know why they are after our guns.

I find it hard to consider Cyprus a democracy if they can confiscate the people's property in this way.   What's really disturbing is Bank bondholders and stockholders are unaffected and this clearly is has underminded the trust in government.

They only need $22 billion.Why don't we just write them a check?

Government ministers taxed?  We ought to do that here.  We should levy a tax on all politicians.

First step towards cash only system.Kind of a backwards Robin Hood.  Steal from the poor to give to the rich.  Small depositors were not the cause of these bank failures, but they are paying the price.   Scary.

"The weekend announcement that Cyprus would impose a tax on bank accounts".Sounds like something Quinn would try in Illinois.

Russia is upset, of course they are. They are part of the problem!. They have been laundering money there with offshore companies for YEARS. There is even a Russian radio station. 300k russian tourists per year, and most have second homes there.I do NOT agree with the levy, but if the Russians who are upset think, how much they would have paid over the years in capital gains, and this is a one time charge, they are still WAY ahead of the game. The tax rates they were paying were less than 5%, and they were getting around that for large deposits, in other words a wash. In turn they would transfer the funds back to Russian banks to invest AGAIN! Its a heck of a scam all the way around. So think about this...how much would you have paid if you did NOT launder the money, you would have paid at LEAST 15-20%. If the levy is 10% , you are ahead by 50%. If you dont like it. get the HEII out of Cyprus.The sad part is that the IMF is considering giving Egypt , the craphole of the middle east 5Billion Euros, with no strings. LOL.

the financial powers tried to steal savings in Cyprus because they could get away with it, they are sociopaths to even try doing that..  this might be intentional to tank the Euro, which it will.. dealt a fatal blow, anyone looking at the euro must conclude it's sewn together with debt-fraud from the central banks.   But they will keep it afloat by some nefarious means.  The money is banks is not secure at all.  clearly it's worth less every month even if the numbers dont get lowered by theft.    But the irs comes into people's banks all the time and takes money.. amazing.

This is very unfair to the cypress people but necessary if they want to stay in Euro and enjoy the government services (be good or bad).   How else are they going to pay for the debts?  This is the similar to a instant 10%+  tax increase.Usually a country can just print more money to making people less aware of inflationary problem, but they don't have their currency anymore.   I guess fiscal responsibilty is a must if you want to stay as part of Euro now.

The NWO is well under way apparently. and the monetary elite are pushing it forwards. What is happening there is a precident for having it happen here.

Bwaaa-hahahaha! Bwaaa-hahahaha! So the bankers sold greek debt to cyprus to prop up socialism- but really just a big ponzi scheme, moving debt here and there and calling it new money! Now at the end of the line, so they have to prop up social-ist spending with "real" assets- other peoples assets! Bwaaahahaha! This is just a test run, to see how much blood shed in the streets- if'n not any real loss to banker/governors, it will be coming to US soon... Get ready!

"The Law" by Frederic Bastiat, published 1850.A) Legislators make laws for taxes and fines partly for so they can get their paychecks, there is a lot of corruption involved like stealing savings accounts. They say “it’s good for you because we are smarter than you because … you are dumb”, they know a lot of what they do is B.S.B) The judicial system interprets the laws, so they get their paychecks. The Judges say "hey… I did not make the law, I just interpret it, even if I think the law is BS”.C) The police enforce the rulings of judges so they get their paychecks. The police say “hey I did not make the ruling I just come after you to enforce it, even if I think it is B.S”.This is what Frederic Bastiat defined as “legal plunder” by socialists. Big government will take as much legal plunder as required to no matter what, to propagate and save itself.

An idea not lost on Canada's Flaherty,but for him it will just be "take from the small depositors and give to the big depositors"like he does with taxes

Legalized daylight robberyIf the EU has this little respect for property rights, perhaps the US should withdraw from NATO and begin joint military operations with Russia. Communism collapsed in Russia, but it appears to be alive and well in the EU.

The so-called "government" of Cyprus may be removed, the same way Sadam Hussein and that Gadaffi fellow were.  It would be better and smarter for Cyprus "government" to simply declare itself bankrupt, rather than steal the money of bank depositors.  The Euro-morons who let this stupidity develop should have their wealth seized, instead.  Why not a 15% seizure of the savings of every member of the European "parliament"?  I would support that as a way to fund this "bailout".  Perhaps the Russians and the Germans could just join hands and get this done.  Certainly the French, and the South-Europeans have now shown themselves to be not competent at any sort of economic management.

Everyone, please calm down. This has already happened in the U.S. The Federal Reserve has been printing money (called "quantitative easing") for a while now. Each dollar printed is robbing value from savers. It's just that Cyprus government has no legal authority to print Euros, but in the end, printing money or robbing depositors outright is the same thing.

Usury and Drug Prohibition are forms of slavery.

Government sponsored heist!

Did you ever see a more evil face than that picture?

if you have a savings account, obviously you don't need all that money. You're lucky the gangster governments don't take it all and put you in a slave labor camp. Won't ever happen? Ask a jew who lived in 1938 Germany,if you can find one. You better dig out your gold fillings while you're at it.

eu needs to get the russian chump change 1st then go to the caymans where the real money is. mitt better buy gold and clean out his off shore accounts.

The funny thing is that most of the people getting robbed have the money their illegally in the first place or it was made illegally !  LOLPutin is basicly saying don't rob my criminals ! LOL

The US is on the same course as Greece, Italy, Cyprus, and the rest of Europe - spend, spend, spend.  Now our idiot leaders say we don't have a spending or debt problem, we just need faster printing presses.    Then when it becomes due, to pay-off the loans needed to support the "freebie" attitude we have developed - we whine, whine, whine.  It is always somebody else's fault and blame - not our own expectations, that want something for nothing.Whoa!!

This may turn out to be nothing.  In fact I don't think there is any such country as Cyprus.

Coming to US under the disguise of Paul Ryan and Rand Paul budget

It is a question of fairness. The russians have been putting their money in Cyprus banks presumably because they were getting higher interest payments. The way to do it is to claw back the last year or 2 of interest received.

USA and EU should and must help Cyprus.

Economies of every country are not equal. Each country's currency reflected the economy of that country. The Euro is an experiment in "one size fits all". Europe would do well to drop the Euro before it drags all of Europe into the abyss.

Instead of taxing your own people tax the ones that are not citizens using it as a tax haven Leave your own people alone A tax on savings is just going to make people bury their money in the back yard again Why are they bailing out banks that have got themselves in trouble over missmanagement These are not exactly banks that are too big to fail

Iceland let the banks go bankrupt and threw the bankers in jail.  I think the whole world should do what Iceland did.

When governments start to steal your money from your bank account ( bank holiday ) its time to invest in physical gold and silver , What has happend in Cyprus is a beta test on whats to come around the world banks will shut down and you willhave no access to your money

Politicians are legalized thieves and NOTHING elseA tax on people's savings accounts sounds like the bank wants people to withdraw their funds. What a stupid thing to do. Stupid, greedy, punitive and corrupt. Welcome to the 21st century.

How to ruin people's lives. Ban the banks. Take no bailouts. Go broke and start again.

It's a very bad move to raid public bank accounts. If Cyprus gets away with it, where next? They could put the entire banking system at risk. It seems the Euro is at the root of this problem and should be dropped.

Tax people all you want.  You'll never ever get the total amount of money needed to pay back a loan.  The hundred dollars that you borrowed at 10% to put into the local economy for people to use as a medium of exchange between goods and services can not possibly be paid back because you only made 100 dollars.  Where's the 10 dollars?  I'll tell you where, you'll have to borrow more money in order to pay that 10 dollars back.  And the whole charade just snowballs.  Instead of 100 dollars it's 100 billions of dollars charged with interest that can not possibly be paid back.  Funny how no one mentions this.  The whole economic system is corrupt and flawed.  In the very end, worthless paper charged with interest dumped into the economy strangles a nation so that the worthless paper magically transforms into real assets such as land, goods, and businesses.  Owned by the banks who never had the gold  that money supposedly represented in the first place.  And so the whole of the earth becomes enslaved.

So here's how it works , whats mine is mine and whats yours is mine also . How can anybody trust the banking system after this ? where governments can just go into each bank and take what they want out your supposed savings account , your money is only safe in your hands and not in the scamming banks

This is a version of wealth taxation.  As opposed to income taxation.  If the deposits dry up, they'll focus on other assets: housing, retirement funds, etc.It really is a form of confiscation.Interesting that the "Buffet" tax is really a form of wealth taxation.Wealth taxation is something going on in France as well.Printing money (QE) is a form of wealth taxation, as it erodes the spending power of the currency reducing the overall value of each dollar.You can now see why more people are moving to portable forms of 'hard to trace' wealth (e.g. previous metals)

"Cyprus's banking sector dwarfs the size of its economy and its banks have been severely hurt by exposure to much larger neighbor Greece." Sounds like "Iceland II, This Time It's Russians". Well, caveat emptor.

the free enterprise system has failed thanks to greed and global denationalism...better learn how to shear a sheep   defolate a pig and how to milk a chicken

put these criminals in jail now, time for a BIG change.

This is simply theft.  Once the banking system loses the confidence of the people - a collapse of the economy cannot be far behind. People will hide their money and use only cash - big money will flee the country.WOW !! This is Govt. robbery at its finest. I can see why folks that have mnoney would not depoit it into a bank/country where this could happen. Now I'm wondering how long it takes for the Obamabots to think it is a great idea as long as members of Congress are excempted of course.

'change the contribution of the banking sector'....contribution?  it's frikkkin' theft!

I recently read a book called "Surviving Argentina", the banks closed to make "adjustments ?" to stop withdrawals, then the banking machines ran out of money and were not refilled.People couldn't purchase food and other needed items etc it got worse every day..Argentina them immediately plunged into chaos, daily survival was  extremely difficult crime skyrocketed.

Neat thought: take the tax money right out of the bank accounts; direct withdrawal.  Of course, Canada could always purchase Cyprus and obtain a winter getaway.

Two decades ago Cyprus was a wonderful, affordable tourist destination.  I foolishly travelled there 10 years ago for more of the same.  But I and other tourists were shocked at the ridiculous cost of food, lodging, and other services.  Neither Greece nor Turkey were that expensive.  Clearly this affects the country's ability to capitalize on one of its most valuable resources.

The EU has invoked travel restrictions as well as stealing wealth. Why is this story not mainstream?

As a financially responsible person who watches droves of morons squander their money on stupid #$%$ and not save for the future it sickens me that they are basically punishing people who put in the work and make the sacrifices to get into a good spot financially. What a farce

Ultimately, the big banks and foreign investors are demanding this.  Do these creditors pay, as part of losing in the game of capitalism, or do the Cypriot people pay?The fact that big banks are getting their way demonstrates the direction of the political choice, and that ultimately all money, even the money each and everyone of us works for, is perceived by banks and capital to belong to them, if push comes to shove.In this way, "the market" demonstrates how it covets others' wealth as its own.Th big banks and foreign investors, as they also insist on deep cuts to health and education no doubt(actual needs of the people), would argue that the Cypriot people were the main beneficiaries of the loans, over the years.  However, if we consider 50% of wealth in any capitalist(or state capitalist) country ends up going to the richest 10% or even 1%, we come to see that government loans end up benefiting this minority greatly, far more than they will admit now.Frankly, even if the laws of the market permit banks and investors to demand that elected governments turn strip the clothes off of people and force them to live in cardboard boxes, so that this wealthy minority can continue to grow rich, while everyone else grows poorer, this should never be allowed, ever.It is unnatural elevate the rules of an economic system, and personal greed, above human well being and need--in short, we need new rules that respect work and wealth as shared things we all create and trade, but do not use to control one another.

The headline is misleading. It is not a bank tax, it's a tax on savings, and it's an incredibly stupid thing to do.

I was always wondering when they would come around to stealing our lifetime savings right out your private bank account. Wonder no more...Now do you understand why they want your guns?

Its time to pay up greece

The Russians have more money in Cyprus banks than Cyprus government, they will move capital out of the country and the whole automatic bank robbery will not work.

This is a test, next will be larger economies, they want to see if they get away with it first in a small scale.  Iceland and Argentina told the IMF to take a hike.  jailed bankers, charged the prime minister and now are doing just fine.More countries need to tell the markets, these debts are now null and void.  Not like it go trade with the diminishing countries that actually support compound interest that makes the bankers wealthy, and all the rest of the people debt slaves to banks.And for those that say do not spend what is not in your pocket, well I would like to have some say in deficits that would allow me to say no to long term debt by countries.IMF -- stealing peoples money by corporations for decades....People will stand up against this theft

I hate to say it but for once I agree with Russia,this really is setting a dangerous precedent.

Cyprus government’s ‘great bank robbery’ of private accounts may set off bank runs across EuropeMike AdamsNaturalNewsMarch 18, 2013There’s only one reason people leave money in a bank: because they think it’s safe there. They think they can get their money back out when they ask for it. This trust is what makes bank accounts possible, and without this trust, there is no longer any reason to put money in any bank.The government of Cyprus just destroyed that trust across the entire EU. How did it accomplish this feat of destruction? By raiding the private bank accounts of everyone with a checking or savings account. In a surprise act of nationwide government theft, the government of Cyprus — under orders from the IMF and German bureaucrats — simply looted private bank accounts, stealing up to 10% of private account deposits.It’s being called “the great EU bank robbery.”Let it be known that governments can now directly loot your checking accounts without permissionRead full article.

EU,run by faceless unelected officials,bureaucrats who will not have to give up anything,dictating to rest how to run their countries.

Yes, the legislation will probably be reworked so the wealthy can avoid paying anything and the poor and marginalized will have to bear the brunt of this bad legislation.

So the government will impose the tax without giving investors opportunity to remove money beforehand? Well, Cyprus will not weather this one; it's a recipe for depression. Coupled with economic turmoil elsewhere, this could trigger a lot of economic uncertainty elsewhere.Get ready for the roller coaster, folks!

yup a revolution will solve that problem, and it may even come down to ityup a revolution will solve that problem, and it may even come down to it

The Cyriot "government" is robbing its citicen!The same can happen here in North Amerika!Cypriotes should be on the street, burning the bankers and 'politicians' alive!

Greece is targeted for 15% levy. Sovereignty disappearing!

Cypriots have already been taxed on their savings-the bankers walk away with billions in profits and now want to steal from their honest working customers. The bankers apparently suprised at countries outrage.

Russia Sending Warship Fleet To Mediterranean: Russian Naval Base In Cyprus Coming Next?Zero HedgeMarch 18, 2013That Russia has previously threatened, and followed through with, sending ships to the Mediterranean is nothing new. In the past, every such episode was related to the protection of what Putin considered vital geopolitical interests in the region: whether defending the Syrian port of Tartus, various crude and natural gas pipelines in the region threatened by NATO expansion in Turkey, or offsetting heightened US presence around Gaza and Israel (and of course Iran). Which is why with the legacy conflicts in the region dormant, and the only news of any relevance being the European intervention in Cyprus against Russian oligarch interests, it is surprising we learn today that the Russian Navy will dispatch a permanent fleet of five or six combat ships to the Mediterranean Sea, with frigates and cruisers making up the core of the fleet.How far into the Mediterranean one wonders? It wouldn’t be too difficult to put two and two together and assume that with Cyprus just a few hundreds kilometers away from Syria, Lebanon, Gaza and Israel, Russia may have not only a new geopolitical target, namely the now pseudo-insolvent Russian protectorate of Cyprus, but a perfect alibi to be in the region as well, and more importantly, have a Plan B to the Syrian port of Tartus which is Russia’s only naval base in the region.How soon until we read that Russia is willing to invest even more unguaranteed loans into the Cypriot financial system…. in exchange for one tiny little naval and/or military base?Read full report.

that's the beginning of the end ..those  democracy's of the west they will bring people again to dark age  again ..is coming...they move all the money to Asia  people they work for nothing  and where ever the capital goes they make money ....don't worry be happy ..we have the best system in the world democracy and human right..we are the champion //five only run the world the rest we observing ....keep going..it will come a day those  who they thing they run the world  they will look for place to hide ..///////////////////////////////

Hey YAHOO where is the skip button for the commercials. I,m keeping my stash under the mattress to avoid the government crooks.

bunch of crooks,criminals

can you believe these #$%$ holes have the nerve to smile for the effin camera with what they are doing? Crooked government!

When are people going to admit the BS economic model of the WTO and IMF doesn't work!!!  It works for the rich that's it.If feels like i just watched a bunch of mobsters walking in and out.

Banking Chief Calls For 15% Looting of Italians’ SavingsIs the financial rape of Cyprus another IMF riot waiting to happen?Paul Joseph WatsonMarch 18, 2013News that the International Monetary Fund initially demanded to loot a shocking 40% of savings from the private bank accounts of Cypriots underscores how residents of the Mediterranean country could be the latest victims of the infamous “IMF riot,” as the chief economist of the German Commerzbank calls for Italians to be similarly plundered for 15% of their savings.Read full report.

I just sent my bank an email telling them if this theft gains any traction I will be withdrawing all my money. I urge everyone to do the same. Interest these days does not even cover inflation. Freakin banksters!

They are a country.  The country is running out of cashflow and would not be able to pay it's own employees including teachers, nurses, garbage men, postal workers etc.  When we see the train coming down the tunnel and we are all in the same car, stop fighting and get out of the trains way.

Banking is crooked and all banks should never be helped.If they are in trouble they should sink.

This video is a fee ad for Mercedes-Benz.

The EU officials say this is a one off situation and won't set a precedent.  Well, once it's been tried if it works (or the reaction isn't that bad) it might be tried again.  If this is done as is I can see trust in banks taking a big hit (and in governments).  All round this is very bad.

One word comes to mind ...F..U..D..G..E ....But it isn't fudge. It's the mother of all swear words !! I feel for these people but it has been done before. I can only wonder if they will be brave enough to do more of the same in other countries? Having been to Europe recently, I can attest to the tentions that exist there already and wonder if revolution across Europe isn't that far away.There are stories that you haven't heard in the media but need to experience to get the truth. This article has done nothing but dress up the truth which is the fact that they are legalizing theft to transfer more wealth to the few.

Russia and Putin should buy the damn country....The U.S is next with China

One lesson to be learn, you cannot trust the corrupted banking system. If you do you will sooner or later pay the price.Let me explain it for you... In Canada that also done kinda the same way but a little different by the CRA,

Since Cypress can't print money anymore , its either a 10% tax somewhere or shrink the government 10% or somewhere in between.   Don't see another way out.

haha..angry reaction from President Vladimir Putin. Of course, who know how many members of his Family keep their millions in Cyprus.

It is time for all countries to go bankrupt and #$%$ the banksters!! All there megayachts and mansions should be seized, there misbegotten wealth forfeited and life imprisonment be the minimal sentence.These #$%$ and there government sponsored enablers are killing the honest working people.Eat the rich!