There is currently no plan to pay off the US national debt.  In fact, there appears to be no intention to stop running deficits.  Ultimately the price will be paid by the individual citizen, either through additional taxes, loss of benefits, seizure, or default.

Just looked at many of the "big news sites" and nothing is being reported about this, unless it is covered up in sub pages. But don't worry, news about Lindsey Lohan is reported. I guess they like to keep the sheep stupid.

The U.S.is in the hole $16 Trillion and we keep spending money we will never have . . .

If you spend a lot more than you take in in taxes, you're forced to borrow.  This increase in demand for borrowed money is then countered by the Fed through money-creation under their mandate to maintain stable interest rates.  If the resulting inflation devalues everyone's savings by 10%, it has the same effect as taxing deposits 10%.  It's just a sneakier way of doing it.

better have a lot of tellers and a lot of cash on hand once the banks reopen

So have they frozen all accounts?  How are they stopping the run on the banks?

Isn't it amazing the world turns on other countries when they don't cut back ... and yet the US still tries to spend their way out of debt ... how long will it be until we get in the same mess Cyprus, Greece and many other nations are already in???

I am already considering taking out all my cash each payday.  I have a safe at home.

Don't you think that Cyprus would have been much better off if they would have started to control their spending 5 or 10 years ago???

and you wonder why they want your guns here in America.................Nothing comes out good when a group of people or government think they would be collectively smarter and better, like Euro Zone. It only impacts the world negatively in greater scale.

the end of the beginning of the end of the EUthe cards will fall

lots and lots of money will be leaving the EU and lots and lots of cash will be kept in the backyard

now Cyprus is set for bank run NO MATTER WHAT THEY DOso in end the EU screwed them royallynow damned if do, damned if don'ttime is RIPE TO EXIT EURO - best thing they could doand tell LAGARDE - hypocrit making over $500,000 EURO'S tax free + $85,000 travel budgetyep she REALLY CARES

MSNBC just reported Obama to make a stop in Cyprus to get a first hand look at how to take money direct out of your bank account because of bad government....he thinks he will need it very soon...jet fuel just went up.

This will happen here at some point...

How could it pass?  After the protests of the Cypriots since this news came out - there isn't one politician that doesm't know that to vote for this is political suicide.  This will fail.  But the damage has already been done.  No sane person will leave more money than that required to pay their bills in a bank of the troubled countries after this.

It is already a run on the banks when you're closing them so that people can't access &amp; withdraw.  The EU central bankers can go take a leap, as too the Cyprus government that go them in this mess to begin with.

fear of a run on the banks, stunned by the backlash!!!!!!!!!!!!   stupid politicians.    You can only push so far before the citizens push back.  That is the real reason behind gun control in the US.  Fear of an armed citizenry.

Socialism works until you run out of other people's money!I'd hate to be a politician in Cyprus right now.

So the folks who were frugal &amp; saved get their $ stolen to give to the lazy #$%$ that won't work?Sounds like where the USA is heading.

So Putin is smart and honest enough to be against this highway robbery type of tax.  I wonder what does our great leader think?

CYPRUS.... Go get your guns and defend what is yours! OH... I forgot that you gave up your right to own guns.

Pay Attention America, this could be us if the Stankin Dems win in 2014!!!ObamaTurd and PigNazi Raiding our Bank Savings Accounts!!!  Take a good Look!!!

Government theft legitimized.  They want to take from the wealthy depositors.  US $16 trillion going on $17 trillion and wanting more from the wealthy.  Are we next?  Class warfare at its finest.

Like it makes any difference - the people who are robbed by this deal will pull out what is left of their money and nobody with more sense than a roadkill will ever put money in.

A "one off event" ?????   Yeah, right - and income taxes were a "temporary" tax to pay off the debts from WW1.  WW1 would have been paid off in full before the depression hit had the money been used for the purpose it was supposedly taken.  But instead it was used to buy the votes of the stupid people who believed that government could endlessly provide "free" goods and services.

This is just the 3rd leg of a tax scheme, why is everyone so outraged, they tax what you make, they tax what you spend. To the government this is a logical extension and BTW your votes put these people in power.

Welcome to Socialism, folks. We'll take most of what you have, and when we've spent all of that, we'll take the rest of what you have.They'd better - or they're going to have a run on their banks that will bankrupt the country in two days.

Do Cyprus citizens have an equivalent of a 2nd Amendment? Apparently not. Just think if they did! A hot time in the old town tonight!

Wanna bet that Cyprus was an UNARMED society?

For those in denial, if this technique is pulled off in Cyprus, it is going to be rolled out to other members of the EU.  The member countries that are carrying the load are getting tired of doing it.    If we do not get our fiscal house in order, we CAN have a complete financial meltdown here. Anyone that thinks it is not possible, is seriously ignoring reality.

This will never happen in America................not until they get your guns.

Start stealing my money bankers and ill hunt you down personally.

Ant meet Grasshopper he is a leftist and somehow in charge

wow obama has taken over Cyprus

People:  if you haven't already started preparing, now might be the time.  I'm sure it would take a while to get to this point for USA, but prepartion takes time.  I sure wouldn't have my eggs in one basket.   Have some cash at home just in case our banks shut down temporarily.  Have a little extra food and water and meds just in case.

Next, Cyprus Hill will take all their crops.Imagine if this happened in America. Think of an angry horde of armed citizens descending upon the Fed. Picture in your minds little Ben Bernanke being man handled into a noose swinging from a tree branch. Imagine the Fed owners, and officials swiftly leaving the country for safer grounds.

Pelosi talk bout taking yall's 401K a few years back, look forward to it in the future.  Yall can't invest well so the govmint be taking it and then promise to pay you back when you retire.  I like the free stuff Obama give me and have no 401K - hahahahah

Obama da man.  He should take this and take those money away from da rich.  No po folks has money in the bank, take all that money from da rich.  Then he be able to give me my money for my food stamps and my phone.  Obama, read this article and take da money.

If you had 100,000 EU in a Cyprus bank account yesterday, would it still be there today?

Again the Germans get to pay for their worthless neighbors?

Cyprus raided banks to pay for "EU" bail out. So for the stupid socialist liberals, let me repeat that in simple terms. "They took working people's money to pay off your free stuff."

If I woke up tomorrow to find the global finance system had collapsed overnight, I wouldn't be surprised at all.

"The banks and the politicians should pay for this mess, not the people.""Depends, were the people receiving all sorts of so-called "FREE STUFF" like health care and education?     If so, guess what, the bill you have been paying is no longer hidden in some tax somewhere, it is back on the table. So you get to pay twice for being dumb to believe stuff is free.

Read about the 1928 Depression.  Banks closed.  They closed because there was a "run" on the bank - everybody tried to take out their money before there wasn't any.  They ran out before everybody got theirs back.  The same thing will happen in Cyprus.Every nation before us has "cancelled the debt" - as an economic tool to bail themselves out of debt.The classical example is that of the Marshall Plan - we gave millions to all of Europe to restart after World War II.  They "cancelled their debt to us".  Nobody, not a single nation paid us back.  That is how you do it.Individual people declare "bankruptcy".  Nations "cancel their debt".Quit scaring everybody.We need to get out of the hands of Asia.  The head of the World Bank in a lecture given at Stanford University, Palo Alto, California, (YouTube) said we have less than 30 years to reverse the Asian takeover of the world.  How?  close our market.  How else? charge a lot for any product sold here in the US by another nation.  How else? do not enter into foreign investment deals with anything Asian (or Indian or African).He said we have no choice.  Rather.  He said if we don't get the guts to do it now, we will cease as a nation, a civilization and the entire West and Europe too will be gone.  Gone as in not there anymore.We will have been swallowed up by Asian investment, loss of our government type, our customs, ideas, we will be "gone".No thanks.  I say we start by closing our markets.  When Asia has all their junk sitting at the dock and we don't have any clothes? we will get anxious to open clothing companies, companies to make everything we used to make - it won't take long - we still have the men and knowledgeable manpower to put it all back together.  In another 50 years, when this generation is gone, the next one will be "lost" and lost for hundreds of years.Just stop with the "cheap labor, cheap Asian product"  The end.

Y'all think this can't happen here in the U-S-A. Wrong again Robin. O'Kenya is busy figuring out how to "seize" your assets right now. I am advising everyone I know to take their money out of the bank while they can still get their hands on it. Remember the Amero? Sister currency to the Euro? Take your money and turn it into silver. Forget gold. Silver can be sold to industry easily. Be informed. There is a crash coming and it won't be pretty. It will make 29 look like a kiddie-garten game. And it is just a short time off. Maybe weeks. All youir assets on paper will soon dissolve into thin air. Including your retirement. This is what the Marxists burgeoning communist infiltrated financial terrorists in Washington are up to. That 16 trillion debt has gotta be cleaned up somehow. Our debtors like China wanna get paid. And guess who is going to foot the bill? It won't be those crime ridden denizens in Washington. It will be you the common stooge consumer. In the last 8 years prices have doubled and tripled. That means your hourly wage that has stayed the same has been outstripped by inflation. Meaning you have to pay 2 to 3 times as much for the same junk you bought before. Your standard of living is being silently eroded to match that of third world countries. Remember when you could fill the tank for $5? You were earning $1.35 per hour. Now it costs you $60.00 to fill the tank. Are you now making $17.50 per hour minimum wage? Get my point? Your assets are being seized by government controlled inflation through bracket creep and a slow relentless degradation of your earning and buying power. Welcome to Communomics!Don't give the democrats any more ideas on how to tax us even more.I'm sure they would love to tax all of our bank accounts.

Wait till they try it here...oh wait they did in the 1980's and again in the 2000's...

"Deposits".... are normally revenue that has already been taxed from paychecks. Talk about double taxing! Anyhow, they voted these criminals into office with the promise of socialism.

THe fed is pumping 85 Billion a month into the Bond markets...when it stops and it will, watch the house of cards fall...Who is making money of this run up in the stock market?  The big banks and other financial institutions.  They will all get out in time and who will be left holding the bag?  You and your 401K!

Too bad they gave up their gun rights. Coming to amerka

Coming next to America.  If you worked all your life, served in the military and never asked anything from your government, paid your taxes on time and in full and saved for your retirement so you would not have to depend on the government - you lose!

Maybe I missed it but I read a lot about who now opposes it but not who originally came up with and pushed the idea.  Whoever that was should be in hiding - like in Northern China.

The WH socialists are already looking into taking the savings of Americans.   go to national seniors council dot org. and read the story.

No problem.  If you have over what they establish as the exempt amount, you withdraw it all, split it up and redeposit it amount various banks in amounts less than what will be taxed.

I hate when the worlds Socialists give Oweblama new ideasHey Cyprus, Don't give Obama any ideas !!

How come other countries got bailed out without this onerous and so unfair taxation on already Taxed bank deposits? Tax the interest generated by the deposit-- not the deposit itself!!!

Why isn't anyone calling this what it is....Theft by the government against its citizens.

Shades of Barack's legacy to come.

Maybe, if there were no tax on interest earned, more money would stay IN the country

FDIC... sorry,  never heard of it.

Barack Obama said "I am not concerned with balancing the budget" .... this concept &amp; 1.6 BILLION rounds of ammo later - the U.S. people better know why.

This will pass in Parliament. The banks control the government (legislature), not the other way around. Parliament members have already been given their orders.

About a sorry lead picture to article.  Some lttle kid with "NO" on their hand.  Would like to pull this kid aside and see what they REALLY know about the issue.

Some Happy Gilmore took a laxative last night and all is well in the markets.Hundreds of protesters rallied outside parliament on Monday, honking horns and holding banners saying "We are not your guinea pigs!"Kind of hard to overthrow a tyrannical government with horns.

Work hard and save your money. Right.

Markos Economou, a 47-year-old physics teacher and father of two. "The banks and the politicians should pay for this mess, not the people."errrr.  Perhaps that is the trouble.  When a Physics teacher can't figure out that politicians don't actually create money, they simply spend what the collect from the electorate (ie, Markos himself, he isn't that bright.  Not sure I would want someone that stupid teaching my kids.

coming to a bank near you.

Obama is so jealous!

This is what can and usually does happen when you elect a bunch of socialists to office.

The USA and the European Union, instead of punishing the financial criminals and monopoly capitalists who caused the most recent financial crisis, rewarded the same with huge financial rewards, economic power, political power, and freedom from financial regulation. They should have been punished economically ,legally, with strict financial regulations, and strict prohibitions from engaging in political activity.This indicates that the political establishment in the European Union and the USA, at the highest levels, have been thoroughly corrupted by these financial criminals and monopoly capitalists. This, as in the case of the Cypriot tragedy, encourages these criminals to engage aggressively in further financial criminal activity.A report from German intelligence sources states that money that might be so confiscated will, probably, be transferred to criminal elements!RICO sanctions on the financial criminals and monopoly capitalists with appropriate criminal trials are the appropriate course to take..  "The end of democracy and the defeat of the American Revolution will occur when government falls into the hands of lending institutions and moneyed incorporations."--Thomas Jefferson

Vermont has a greater GDP than Cyprus. The world won't end. Really.

Ha-Ha..these Cyprus politicans stalled the vote so they had time to pull theirmoney out of the banks...LMAO

It should be obvious to any thinking person that the banks can't possibly hold enough reserves to pay out all of its accounts. Cyprus is a test. There will come a day in America where Uncle Sam comes for your 401k or savings account. Sad thing is, most sheeple will allow it to happen so as to not upset the status quo.then keep your money under the bed

the 1% shoots themselves in the foot once more, as it tries to tax the poor one more time

a 10% penalty tax on 100% of their savings makes more sense than 0% tax on 100% of nothing

Obama  will try the same thing. he needs more mindless degenerate democrat/ liberal voters though. so amnesty makes sense for him. anybody with a little common sense and self esteem would oppose Obama.

Who writes these articles? There is no sense of outrage, what amounts to outright theft is described as "Europe's demand at the weekend that Cyprus break with previous EU practice". Whoever heard of a "one-off" taxing event? after they get away with this Spain and Italy will be next. The EU bureaucracy has gone bad, it is now openly displaying its greed and complete lack of both fairness and intelligence. Only a question of time before Germany's latest attempt to dominate all of Europe blows up again. Does anyone wonder how long it will be before all other Western bureaucracies decide to fund themselves with depositors cash deposits? I can see the argument right now (especially in the US) - nobody is spending any of their savings so the government has decided to use that money to 'stimulate' the economy (AKA pay our salaries and bribe those that elect us to power). Every person with money in the bank today must be somewhat concerned, I think we will see a steadily increasing World Wide bank run, how will this work? where will the money go? Is China the new safe haven?

If we really have to sell the american citizenship, we need to sell it to the highest bidders, not the law-breakers.

The EU is right to have the Cypriots pay for some of their own bailout.  Experience with Greece showed that people aren't ready to accept the necessary austerity measures demanded by the EU.  So, get the concessions up front.  Taxing deposits from offshore is unfair in that the Cypriots should pay for their bailout, not outsiders.  It's too easy to just grab other peoples' money.

Governments encourage their citizens to save for their retirement. Is this how they're rewarded? What an absolutely terrible idea! Just the proposition of it will cause billions to be withdrawn from the banking system throughout Europe, whether it's passed or not.

I'm sure our president is taking note of this situation and reconsidering his borrow and spend policies.

Socialism: because eventually you have to confiscate more of other people's money.Now why on Earth would Conservatives see Barack Obama in the Devil in the Bible???Maybe the same reason that Jay Leno had it on his show tonight.  Looks like I was right on calling him the Marxist Beelzebub!!!

What do you expect when most of the money resides with the RICH?  Go get them EU.

People should learn the lessons from the Owebamacare Supreme Court Case.  (a) The Gov't has an unlimited power to TAX.  (b) The Court will not save you from your Gov't. People deserve the Gov't that they elect......so when you hear your POTUS say "the debt is not a problem", you know why.

No outs there will be a bank run either way and they can keep the banks closed as long as possible

let Cyprus banks default. Who cares if world disfunctional finance system will collapse. It may be easier for politicians to reform banking systems after it colapse. The question is are politicians interested in reforming it.

Taxing the deposits in hard currency is the same, as to throw the country's gold securities and foreign investments into garbage! The financial disaster is right behind the corner!

The Euro Zone is doomed to fail.  Different cultures and work ethics make it inevitable.  Governments that promise everything to their people without the means to pay for what they promise are unsustainable.  Cyprus is going to fail no matter how much they can borrow just as Greece is going to go bankrupt.

Stealing from people's savings accounts is a wet dream for hussein

"Euro zone finance ministers were in favour of imposing a 15.6 percent levy on deposits of above 100,000 euros to help recapitalise Cyprus' financial sector..."Translation: We (the government) are going to take YOUR money and give it to the banks.

Biggest cash heist in history.  USA, are we next? Seems to me like a reverse robin hood kind of thing...steal from the poor to give to the rich....bank bailouts anyoneThis is a warning to the rest of the planet--get your assets out of the blood and oil stained hands of the banks ASAP!

It's ALL A SCAM to get it passed and keep the People From Protesting.

Instead of this silly tax, they should just seize all the money in all of the banks.

Brian S, you couldn't hit the nail on the head any harder... That is mainstream media's ONLY purpose now-a- days... Nothing but an alignment tool for the rich and politically corrupt. Cripes, tax the money going into the banks, coming out, at the store... People aren't going to put up with this #$%$ much longer.

I think to take someone's money in this was is unfair.  Can't trust these shady banks.

Where is my conment

Russian Mafia keeps $$ in Cyprus, but how can one distinquish between honest and dirty money?

The problems won't go away bailout after bailout social unrest will rock the world governments need to come up with a good plan or else the piper should be called in so the debt can be taken away do u remember the old piper story about rats the whole story sounds very alike this time is with debt not rats

"... fears have grown that savers in other, larger European countries will be spurred to withdraw funds." The socialist Europeans are boiling frogs. They don't see that their liberty is already gone. I hope America can be saved. At least in America there is a tradition of individualism, that is not yet fully dead.

"When the banks open, people will rush to withdraw their deposits - that's another threat - and then the whole banking system can collapse," said Vladimir Chizov.Exactly -- if they can take your money once (after saying they wouldn't do so), they can come back and take more money as often as they want -- unless you take it out first.A banking system that does not protect your deposit has no credibility.The Russian mafia keeps their money in Cyprian banks.  The exemption being proposed would exempt locals from paying the tax and to only go after mob money.  This is an example of where Americans need to learn that the world doesn't revolve only around us.

Tax WHAT you EU dummies ??...by today there's not a Euro left in those Cyprus banks...LMAO

Remember the Clinton campaign in 1991/1992 - it came out that the Clintons wanted to levy a tax on Life Insurance and Annuity cash values and 401k to settle the budget. If we didn't have extremely low interest rates and one of the most bullish economies in our lifetime you might have seen the same here.

This is a criminal and an illegal act which violates European norms. The Greek Cypriots should file complaints to the European Court of Human Rights. It is an evil plan, designed by the Germans to scare depositors in southern Europe and make them deposit their money in Germany where they can be safe. This will assure Germany's domination of Europe. This time without firing a single shot.

Oh poop.....more ideas for Binko Obama and his liberal minions. Revolt.

Wow.  I wish that when Bush and Obama gave "bailouts" to the "financial sector" they had been as bold as the Cypress government.  If they had simply deducted the amount from everyone's bank account to cover the cost of the bailouts, then Americans would have been as mad as the Cypriots.  Instead, Bush and Obama just borrowed money, secure in their confidence that the American people wouldn't feel the pain of the cost of those bailouts for a generation or two.I'm not a fan of taking money from ordinary people and just giving it to the bankers, but I have to grudgingly admire the Cypress government for just doing it openly instead of trying to hide it under fig leaves as did Bush and Obama.  Look at what these guys did!  "We're going to close the banks so you can't get at your money until we decide how much we're going to take and give to the bankers."  WOW! If America's democrats and republicans had the guts to just do that openly instead of doing it on the sly as they always have, then maybe Americans would suddenly get the guts to elect someone else next time around.

This was featured in a New York Time article last April.  My understanding is that the major Cypriot banks had invested much of the deposits in Greek bonds.  When these were devalued the banks effectively had less assets than they had liabilities (i.e. the bonds were worth less than the amount of money originally deposited).Consequently they are trying to seize/not pay back a portion of the depositors money so the banks' books balance.  Time to read the fine print of FDIC, CDIC, etc. coverage to see if this applies to our own bank deposits.

I think this is intended as a message to other countries in the euro zone.  (like Greece, Italy, Spain, Ireland)....    The message is, "Quit fighting Austerity measures or we will go after your bank accounts."   I suspect this will be pretty effective.

Typical government - tax, tax, and tax.  Being fiscally responsible and slowing the damn spending would never be tried because that would require both government and the "public service" to actually work.

Once again for you idiots - it is NOT the banks that are steling the money - it is GOVERNMENT!you know what would be a great thing to happen? the allow the banks o go under and have the government fall and be replaced by a more responsible one.

"This is unlikely to be a model for other European Union states."  If there is no intention of other states following this strategy, then just say so.  "unlikely" is a dangerous word in this situation.

Well, things are going to get interesting...and likely ugly. I can see a collapse of the Cypriot banking system, I could see the potential for a nation-wide strike...things like that have happened before over far less.

Where's deficit jim flaherty with his pointless, weekly comments about eurozone difficulties? He was entertaining last year for a while making insulting comments about the greeks and spainish about their currency crisis, and bland statements vainly attempting to show himself knowledgeable about national finance. LOL Deficit, drunk and now admitted mentally ill jim flaherty has delivered six (6) deficit budgets since 2006. The national debt has ballooned to more than $600-billion, the all-time high, and growing daily. His seventh (7th) deficit budget is arrives Thursday. Curious how this Ontario financial disaster area likes to shoot off his mouth hypocritical citing others countries for their economic failures while deficit jim is singularly responsible for Canada's growing economic mess. Especially since he inherited a balanced budget and a healthy surplus of $14-billion when he started. Disgraceful CONs. STOP harper!

This scheme won't work in Canada or the USA, I just checked the average household debt for every man woman and child in US &amp; Canada: US $27,484. Canada $21,055, you can't get blood from a stone. The only one's with lots of money in the banks are the banker's and Wall St snake oil salesman, and they would not go for a levy on their account's.

There is another island near Greece and Cypress population 1000 people they need four billion euros  now if you can give to Cypress by all means give it to them,their name is Ellas.

This  is going to be a crisis again... Who will put money in the bank when they charged you instead of giving you interest? Bad investment too. I will rather buy a safe at home... Now is the fall of Cyprus...going bankrupt soon. Everyone! Retreat!