Congress? Really?  What has congress fixed lately?  What expertise does congress have in fixing planes?  Let the NTSB and FAA do their job.

Given the nature of Congress to mess up anything it touches, I would not want to fly on an aircraft they had anything to do with. Stay out of it, for all of our sakes.

You are safer in the plane than your car on your trip to and from the airport.

aircraft maker has spent more than $83 million on lobbying  = Lobbying or bribing....  pretty much the same difference.

If we had Congress butting their heads into everything that went wrong, they wouldn't get anything done for this country.  What the hell am I talking about?.They don't do anything anyway.

why ??? let the people who know aircraft fix it, congress hasn't fixed a hell of a lot lately!!!

The Lithium-Ion battery issue isn't new; a couple years ago, airlines were telling us we couldn't pack our consumer spares in with checked baggage.  We had spare battery packs for our digital cameras or for our notebooks, or for our Kindles.  Basically, they said it was a fire hazard, in an unmonitored place (by humans).

What the hell does Congress know about the technical aspects of a Dreamliner????????

Congress couldn't find its own backside in the dark with both hands and a flashlight. What would any congressional investigation and a bunch of hearings do to fix the battery problem except uselessly spend a lot of taxpayer money and give a bunch of blowhards television face time. Joan Lowry should put her energy into reporting the failures of this country's polititians rather then tearing down a manufacturing company which employs hundreds of thousands of American citzens. The lobbying or greasing political palms is an unfortunate cost of doing big business in this country. The money handed to the politicians could be better spent on product development and employee benefits. Why doesn't Joan Lowry take a stab at the political machine and not entities which actually do something for the economy? She must be a Liberal.

Why would Congress get involved with Boeing's problem?Boeing, after Obama's election, won the contract to build Air Force refueling jets...after they had lost the direct competition TWICE.  Obama used his clout to win the contract for his union buddies in Chicago based Boeing.  Now the air force is going to have #$%$, late, over budget refueling jets.   The fleecing of America continues

You Might Have A, D.C. Rat Problem ..........

Obama and Congress don't want to talk about battery technology because it might make them look bad after wasting millions of taxpayer dollars funding Solyndra and Fisker, only to have both fail.

I understand that boeing is putting this batteries on the 787 but there is no mention ever about the company who makes them shouldn't they be accountable for them as well??GS Yuasa Corp wich makes the batteries should be at the front of this problem if they want to keep selling these things  I just think that we  are poiting the finger at Boeing to much they dont make them they just put the Fing things on

At lease Airbus is going in the right direction.

Money talks in Washington?  Shocked, I tell you, shocked!

Sure, allow evil, money-in-their-pockets-politicians to put FOOD, RATHER than FUEL in your gas tanks to drive up your costs, destroy your gas mileage and ruin every engine you put ethanol in.............and idiots like this also determine CAFE STANDARDS FOR AUTO MFGRS???? THE LOONY TUNES RULE? No wonder we are all spinning around !

Darn !! I had no idea congress also built airplanes !!! IS THIS SORRY #$%$, INTRUSIVE, TOTALLY DESTRUCTIVE GOVERNMENT INVOLVED IN EVERYTHING ?! HOW BOUT GETTIN OUT OF OUR LIVES FOR A CHANGE ?!

Money talks!

Boeing says shut up &amp; jay Rockefeller shuts up! The rest congress follows suit ever wonderwhy? Maybe inside info. played a part in it!If congress figures out the answer to the battery problem the flying public is in trouble

Of course it is an influence game.  The FAA is a puppet that dances top the strings of Congress.  Put too much heat on one of the big contributors and the strings of the puppet get yanked. We haven't heard the last about the "Dreamliner" yet.

I know I'll get roasted for this one, but, maybe we need to let them resolve this problem without busting their balls.  Afterall, the planes are grounded and they are working feverishly to get this solved.  I think I would trust Boeing to get this resolved with the safety of the public as their primary goal.  Boeing doesn't have a history of being on the wrong side of safety.

Idiot. Why would Congress, who knows nothing about aircraft get involved? Plus, The NTSB isn't solving the problem. (Thanks Goodness) Boeing is solving the problem and the NTSB blesses the fix. I hate stupid Journalists.

Ah, nothing like the best democracy that money can buy at work!

I envision the "Fox guarding the hen house," in this mess.  Much money in the form of campaign contributions silence those who should be outspoken on the potential danger.  And to delegate the testing of these planes, planes that carry hundreds of passengers at 30,000 feet, to the manufacturer is crazy.

Omg, all this for a backup battery.  The problem has been fixed multiple ways.  No other company but Boeing would stand up take responsibility and fix the problem in such an up front manor.  Its a small small deal.  The planes built today are extremely safe so people relax and stop believing everything the news outlets put out, they are trying to drum up people to read the articles :)

Boeing pays AAAA..LLlootttttt of money to Congress and Senator losers.....that's how they stole the Air Force Fuel Tanker Project back from Airbus 2 years ago...Airbus had the Project and somehow they lost it to Boeing...you have to Grease those palms well in D.C. to play in the Big Leagues.

Congress can't back up a useless product. Come on!!