Gun free Chicago would be better as gang free chicago...Too bad they can't pass a law to ban gangs...

A couple of years ago, we had some gang bangers shoot a couple of guys inside a house. On the way out, one of the bangers stopped at a victim's car and shot the baby, who was under a year old, while he was strapped in a car seat. Last year, some bangers shot up a car as it was driving down the street, killing the baby sitting in his car seat in the back seat. Gang bangers don't care who they kill, as long as they kill someone.

28-year-old Watkins as a gang member with a long criminal history....and the effort to find out where he got the gun? Is Joe Biden ever going to address GANG VIOLENCE?

Until they get the gang slime under control, this is going to keep happening.

Where is the mass outcry from the Black community for the senseless murder of this innocent baby? This Black self-hatred is so sad, if a non-Black kills a Black, Blacks march and protest, when a Black kills a Black, even if its a baby, its acceptable. Compare the Black reaction to Trevon Martin verses this baby. This makes me sick to my stomach. Only in America.

Apparently, it was "take your daughter to work" day. Very irresponsible in his line of work as a criminal and gang member.

So what gang wanted him dead.and why.The poor baby was in the wrong place at the wrong time.The gangs do not give a rats a-- who they kill as long as they get who they are after.or maybe his own gang wanted him dead.if that is so they will not stop.if it was another gang they may feel they got the message across.

And just think ? Obama wants the rest of the country to be like Chicago and outlaw guns ?

Google "Gary McCarthy arrested New Jersey"!

why won't chicago pass a 'stop and frisk' law?If someone would have just went on the porch and fired a double barrel shotgun in the air this could have been avoided....right Joe???

You take out the head of the snake. Most low life police turn the other way.Get in there and get dirty or welcome to Detroit.

Chicago needs to concentrate on Gang control  not gun control.  Stupid Dummycrats.

The father is a coward. He said initially that he knew who the shooter was...if this is true he ought to be jailed for withholding evidence.

Why is this becoming a major story.  This happens on a daily basis and really is no big thing  They will just have more.  Same thing goes on in Detroit, nothing different.  Same thing goes on in every city with a large black population.  Until blacks admit that they are the problem, nothing will ever change and this will continue.

Can we possibly start a program to teach these people to shoot straight.

The real problem is "no snitching". Even when neighbors witness a crime, they are afraid to come forward, because of retaliation. Most of the gangs faction from major gangs, and now turn against each other. Gun laws wouldn't make a difference, as proof it doesn't work in Chicago. The Blacks are afraid to snitch, hence the problem is now out of control. Regardless, this baby shouldn't have been allowed in a vehicle with him. His wife knew he was already threatened on face book. The guy has a rap sheet as long as a roll of toilet paper. He also is a father of two out-of-wedlock kids. He could cooperate more with the police but he's afraid more than ever for retaliation. Start snitching, and ask for police protection while they get locked up...one the accused gang members will shoot you for snitching. That's how it repeats itself. The best thing as a parent to do is do all you can to move out of IL period.

Will someone call Al Sharpton and ask him if he'll leave the NYC Stop and Frisk protest and go to Chicago?

March Madness:Until You Target The Captains, Lieutenants, &amp; the Hierachy!Use "the Rico Law" that brought the Mafia under-control!

Why are these babies/children not in car seats?  I see this over and over, where babies are on laps, dancing around on the seat near the airbags, etc.   If the child was in the rear-facing back seat, well...Ya know, I think if I was given a choice of going to hell or Chicago, I think I might pick hell. What a #$%$ hole of a city. I can't think of one good thing that has ever come out of Chicago but have a long list of people that should have stayed there. Is it possible to impeach a city? lol.

How is all that gun control working out for Chicago and the state of Illinois?

ARREST THE FATHER----IT'S ILLEGAL TO HAVE A BABY ON YOUR LAP WHEN DRIVING----THAT IS WHY CAR SEATS ARE USED    !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

You ain't seen nothin' yet ! Wait until the warm weather comes in. It will be business as usual. All the marches, vigils, parades,catchy phrases , billboards won't stop it.

There's quite a difference between "expecting" an arrest and "making" an arrest.

It's to bad that the baby had to die because of the father's sins.

This is innocent baby just sitting in car with her father and look what happened. Where is the outcry from everyone in the black community and all over mainstream media as they did with Trevon Martin and we still don't know what happened there.I guess it depends in what city it happens in and the color of the skin who did the shooting and it shows loud and clear.This should have never ever happened in the very first place.May GOD give the family members and friends the strengh to get through this really tough time now and for all the time to come as I am certain HE will!!!

That  can't be true.... we all know that Chicago has the strictest gun control laws in the nation..... and that when you have strict gun control laws, you will not have gun violence...... so how can this possibly be a true story???I think someone is just making this up to make Obama look stupid, right ?  Or is it possible that this savagery is due to the abdication  of parental responsibilities, to raise your children in a way that teaches them not to be murderers and drug users ?????

Get rid of the gangs and alot of chicago's problems will go away.  I say let the law abiding public go up to Chicago and shoot every gang member on sight. Kinda like hunting season save a deer and shoot a blood or crypt and then give money for everyone of them we kill. They have no feelings for other people why should we?  Give it right back to them. As long as there are no consequences they will continue to destroy cities.

My sister still lives in the Chicago burbs and can only describe it as a combat zone. The gang bangers are arrested and go through the revolving doors of liberal appointed judges who seem that time served in enough punishment for carrying a handgun. She expressed an idea that maybe the US should deploy troops to the city, not to get the gang bangers out but rather to get the liberals out. Funny thing, she's a dyed in the wool hard line liberal who has had enough although mentioning certain republicans can get her Irish up. This killing didn't have to happen but daddy is a chronic lawbreaker so car seat mandate are just another law NOT to follow. Charge him for reckless endangerment and the shooter with poor aim. The  throw both under the jail and forget where the key is. Oh yeah, I was born in Chicago but got the "H" out of there when I was 18 and haven't returned - they won't let me bring my two friends with me.The executive branch in Chicago since 1931 has been a Democrat mayor and since 1990 a Democrat party majority in the city council.  Chicago is a "Home Rule city". The council can enact laws they see fit for the city even in contrast to state law but not in contrast to federal law. From 2001 to 2010, the city of Chicago reported 5,146 homicides. In the previous decade, that number was 8,239. Try and remember that Chicago has some of the strictest gun laws in the entire US.Since 2001, the number of US killed in Afghanistan is 2,190 &amp; the number of US killed in combat in Iraq is 3,532, totaling  5, 722.  The estimated number of gang members in Chicago / Cook County is 60,000 while the estimated number of insurgents in Iraq/Afghanistan  was estimated at 55,000 in 2001 - Taliban in Afghanistan 45,000, al-Qaeda in Iraq 10,000.What all these numbers mean is that there's an even larger actual combat zone right here in the US and the liberals in charge can't blame the Republican party - there aren't any but then that's has never stopped the libs from blaming someone else.Should the DOD deploy troops to Chicago and topple the liberal regime that is incapable of taking out groups of terrorists or should the liberals just leave and allow someone to bring in law and order.

maybe mccarthy should stay seems when something bad happens the department under his direction finds suspects through hard work and determination we need more of that

maybe mccarthy should stay seems when something bad happens the department under his direction finds suspects through hard work and determination we need more of that

Until the police strip all the gangbangers of their guns and obuma does not take mine away .i will have a loaded gun always within a seconds reach

This is nothing new,violence like this has been going on for years in many states &amp; cities all over the U.S. &amp; it's no-where near stopping or slowing down.

Lets see...What is needed here is OBVIOUSLY.....MORE gun laws!!  Detroit and Chicago in a race to the BOTTOM!!

If these states would do something about it, it might stop. Get the national guard, instead of sending them over to other countrys they need to be here fighting and trying to keep people here safe. We have more killings in this country than these other countries do.

Obviously,every state and every city is going to have crime.That said,Chicago is baffling.Over 500 murders every single year.That's really sad.

I am an OG who grew up in Chicago when it was good. I am one of the first who was born after that great exodus from the south. I hate to see my city going through such turmoil. I hope someone come along and save my city. I am not powerful enough to get things going to clean up the city, but I hope someone come along and hear, see, and put the city back on the right track.

GUN CONTROL :we need parent control (his past is coming back) slime always find it's level in the natural scheme of thingsThe country as a whole should pass a law to put monsters who do this type of crime in front of a firing squad. That would put a stop quick stop to most of this nonsense!

Nothing will change in Chicago. The gangs run the city and the major is their puppet.

Where are all the liberals demanding more gun laws for law abiding citizens?

Where is Al now, his he going to have a march to protest the gangs or just blame the working people for that also. It is very sad that the baby had to die but where is that commuinty in backing the police to shut this #$%$ down instead of complaining about profilling

Pleaseeeeeeeeeeee..............he used the baby as a shield. The whole story stinks; he was changing the baby's diaper in the car in March? Like he would even care if the baby has a diaper, let alone a clean one.  White people should learn how blacks think. They are from another Planet.

If this babies father had not been a gang member hisself the baby might still be alive today.

For Starters For The One Who You ScreaminG For A Program To Teach People How To Shoot Straight. How Is That What You Got From Reading His Thats Disgusting Another Baby Lost They Precious Life To Gun Violence And Thats Really Your Respon. Realize Regardless To Where That Child Was At Rather He Was In A Car Seat Or On The Roof Of The Car HE DID NOT deserve To Di Flat Out. GoD Bless This Faimly.

Yahoo and ap are showing you gun control want work. Bad choice for a story to help you with gun control yahoo and ap.

JOHN OBAMA NEEDS NO HELP TO LOOK STUPID.

Hope they catch the #$%$ that did this...Why is this a big deal.  This is how those people live.  New York worked on the problem with their stop and frisk laws and now the liberals are complaining that it worked.  There is no winning with these people.  let em kill each other.

Right on Wendells!!! Agree 100%

Typical Chicago "bang bang"

Sadly, the next head line in this tragic story will be. Baby killer released from Cook County jail.

Im frustrated with the amount errors in this news report. Rip little jonyah...may you rest with angels.

Why do women keep having babies with gangbangers...?

Maybe the city of Chicago can get some advise from the Mayor of New York? Ya think?

Garry McStreelightAssasin