He escaped twice and almost a third time...what kind of security does this prison have???

The quality of that picture looked like his escape attempt this time. Pretty blurry and fuzzy.To be an escape " artist " you escape and dont get caught. He's more like? a stupid criminal. :-)

I don't  think his problem is getting out so much as it is staying out.

I wonder if Greece spends $50,000 a yr. per inmate?

He climbed up ladders to helicopters hovering over the prison the two times he made it? Gun control in Greece must be ridiculous. Surely if the prison guards had guns he would have been a "dead man climbing."

I guess an "A" for effort.

if you would just shoot his #$%$ you wouldn't have to worry about this kind of #$%$ happening!!!

At this prison, t looks like , the guards did not do or have "shake downs" of the prison cells.The inmates have 24/7 to think up things.

He should have practiced more at being a "don't get caught" artist.

After the first escape, they should have cut off his legs below the knees, and cut off one of his hands.See if he could escape after that.Hey America, this is what gun control will get you!

Convicted Contract Killer, OK who did he kill? 1 very important piece missing from this story.

Cut off his feet.  He won't get far on his next attempt.

Put him in isolation for the rest of his life. No human contact. He get's food and water and a bed. He has rights. He just can not be allowed near other people or out of his cell.

Makes me think of the scene in the Shawshank Redemption when the brutal prison guard put an end to the rapists career.   Seems like that may be in order for this guy.

Want to stop his continued escape attempts.  Cut the tendons that attach his heels to his foot making it impossible for him to run or walk.  Another way is to blind him. One could cut off both his arms or maybe his feet.  Another is to operate on his brain and make him an idiot. I am joking of course, so the actual method is to isolate him completely with no contact with anyone inside or outside the jail. Without help he simply won't make an escape under those conditions thus his freedom search will end.

Albania#$%$ muslims during WWII ... little known fact

Damn and the manhunt would have been good, had he have made it! Well I always root for the bad guys, guess to many movies..........

time to break his knees

Another Albanian @rseholeSomeone just did this in Canada and got caught 30 miles away,do the guards in the towers in these countries not have rifles,this is prime target practice to blow a murderer off a rope in midair,what fun that would be and you would be the talk of the town for years to come.

Leg irons &amp; cuffs 24/7 and put a black cable net criss-crossing over the prison, pretty cheap solution.

Three strikes = dirt nap.

Glad he didn't hurt anyone.  Exciting story tho, he is one determined man!   I bet he is already planning his next attempt.

For the price of a bullet it could be over.

Albanian from Albania or Kosovo? Either way typical for their culture and ethics, only the Kosovars tend to be minus the cajones.

In the old days, on the third escape attempt, they would have just shot you dead. Maybe they should reinstitute this old policy. This guy is not about to change his ways and next time he may end up killing several guards and/or innocent people on the outside. Society in general has become too soft. We are more worried about the rights for the habitual criminal then the rights of the law abiding citizen. He will try to escape again and again until he is either successful or dead.

How was he able to set all this up while being behind bars,Max.sec. I would love to see their min.sec.

A single cheap 9mm bullet would end all these problems with this guy!

WHy not just kill him? Be done with himShoulda tried the helicopter escape route again....heck it even just worked in Canada

Two helicopter assisted escapes were tough acts to follow.

maximum security? how come he escape twice? how much more on minimum security.

this was not good he got caught twice.

that picture reminds me of my free wedding photographer's pictures

Shoot him and then he can't escape- why pay for #$%$ to live to do it again when they are released.

Only in Greece!  For his next attempt he'll try #$%$ #$%$ his way out of prison

Yeah cousin, Next time with better planning you might get out of that hole.

Ugh....The photo was taken by a prisoner with a cell phone? What the hell are prisoners doing with cell phones (calling Dial a Ride?) This is a "maximum security" facility?

Truly Jailbreaking!!Not just in films!i think better  job  there it dont  look like you doing your  job right there

Just HANG the low life. He's a KILLER. Stop wasting tax payer money taking care of him.

Magic isnt real.

the movie i love you phillip morris he is the real escape artist

What happened to the helicptor this time?

he should have hired another helicopter.  Why change a plan when it has been proven 100% successful for him already?

greek prison security??? thats a joke! just pass a 5 euro bill to the guard and you re out! greek authorities will sell their mothers! No wonder albanian human animals are free to do as pleased in a country that there is no law or order, vacation in greece? think twice

hi is hero &amp; greeks dummy

Send this looser who escaped to supermax in canon city co!

And for his next miracle,  he will turn himself into a blanket, and sneak out with the laundry.I think that it's insane for a man to stay in prison and not try to escape. They are taking away your life and freedom and the 'normal' response is 'okay'. I'll sit in this building until I die. I am amazed at how ridiculous the mass population is. They out number their captures. Fear will stop most men. At least this person has self preservation as an instinct. Working working stiffs don't even have sense these days.