Vippennystocksite dotcom (Dot means .), is a brilliant hub for understanding the movements of GM stock based on the insight provided by them

GM and Chrysler will have to give away AR15's in order to boost sales.

The analysis performed on GM stock is the best, at, Pennystockchief dotcom

Nothing better than a ford product world wide

Nothing better than a ford product world wide

Can't wait till new Corvette comes out.....will trash anything #$%$ or Kraut.

P.S. I can only imagine that Ford stock is ready to explode. They make excellent cars. All their cars are nice looking and Ford stock is very under valued and people like me have been holding off on buying a new car... Perfect recipe for the stock to explode.

Ford makes an excellent car. I am still driving my 1995 explorer with 170K miles. Barely had any issues for 18 years. It still looks like new with absolutely no rust. I will admit that I did get it rust proofed through the dealer when it was new. I am however thinking it may be time to buy a new ford.

ford is 10 times better than gms company yet gm goes up and ford goes down, whats up with that.

Why do they have the comments section from 3 months ago, for an article posted today? 7/12/12GM is going to need another bail out before they pay back the first bail out.

The Dow is up 190. Ford is up 2! What's going on with this sick stock? If this company is suppose to be so fabulous, why does its stock stink so much? I'm getting nowhere by holding on to it.

unemployment is still high, gas is high...people are keeping their cars until the wheels fall off...the market just lost most of its 2012 gains this past 5 trading days....hopefully it will get better and hopefully this horrible economy that we've all experienced over the past 5 years has taught the American people to be a little more frugal.. ... I am....hate driving a 11 year old car...but hey...got laid off and still can't find a job...so there you have it

Ford is showing profits ever quarter, why is the stock still hoovering between 12.25 &amp; 12.75.

Government Motors can suck my johnson

The auto business is getting rougher ever day.

Build a better car ya DA'S

The stock market is rigged. ford sell more cars and their stock tanks

I agree F is very undervalued. Should probably trade around 15 based on earnings and forward PE (if you use trailing PE it'd trade even higher). But the issue is growth. F has had to readjust earnings downward multiple quarters. Their peg ratio isn't great. European growth is non-existent at this time and the US market may slow. China is a huge market but F is much smaller there than elsewhere, only GM has a large US presence. So while F's stock performance has been disappointing, I can see the bear's case on this one even if I don't agree with it. F will be 13-14 MINIMUM next January for a nice 10-15% gain. The question is will other growth stocks do better? Apple has been kicking butt, banks stocks are coming back, there may be better places to place your money.

$5 buck a gallon gas will fuel car sales ho can afford to drive a car that does not get more than 40 miles per gallon sales will soar writing is on the wallNothing better than a ford product world wide