The EU... (big major eyeroll)

Azerbaijan = Northern Iran

The EU should focus on its own problems, and stop trying to tell others what to do.

AZE should join the fatherland Iran.....it's one of their provinces.

Human Rights in little Turkey? They desacrate ancient churches,their "leaders" are known to be the most corupt,and the Azeri is only worth the oil and natural gas under their feet. Once thats gone they'll be worthless to the Russians as well as the rest of Europe or Iran. About the only stratiegic importance would be for Israel,since Azeri just bought a lot weapons(drones)from them.

Where the hell is this country? I need to get an updated globe.

So why not demand the same from Saudi Arabia or from Russia, or from China?  Is it because Azerbizhan is small?  Hypocrites... The whole lot of them.

Europe can only call countries like Azerbaijan and a few Banana Republics to account for H R violations.I would like them all to gang up on China and ask that country first to apologise for Tiananmen Square.And then see what is China's response.

EU human rights what about ISRAEL? are you afraid of them? do you really?.

Muslim country... nuff saidIlham Aliyev is nothing but a clown and is running his country the same way Sadam and Kim Jong did, with an iron fist. A joke of a president

10users liked this commentThumbs UpThumbs Down2users disliked this commentGreg • 14 hrs agoRemoveYes! There is freedom in Azerbaijan.Just a few months ago, The president of the country, Ilham aliyev, pardoned, FREED, made a national hero, and gave all kinds of rewards to a convicted murderer by the name of Ramil Safarov, who had brutally murdered his colleague by an axe, striking him more than 120 times, while the colleague was asleep. This happened in Bucharest, Hungary, during the joint NATO military training sessions. The guilt of the murdered lieutenant was that he was an Armenian!Also, all the perpetrators of the Sumgait, Baku, Gyandza (Kirovabad) pogroms, in which hundreds of thousands of innocent men, women and children of Armenian origin were brutally beaten, raped, murdered and expelled from the country, are still FREE and many have high governmental positions....Who says there is no freedom in Azerbaijan?The problem is that only the criminals and murderes (including the Aliyev clan and their cronies) are free and the normal people and the intelligentia, the journailists, the writers, the thinkers, and the civil society are not.

EU yesterdays bloody evil countries today became human been,how fast,make us cry.

EU,bunch of COWARDS,kiss RUSSIA,kiss CHINA,etc,than AZE you did this,you can not this,ER will pay big price up coming centuries,our next generations will see that.

Yes! There is freedom in Azerbaijan.Just a few months ago, The president of the country, Ilham aliyev, pardoned, FREED, made a national hero, and gave all kinds of rewards to a convicted murderer by the name of Ramil Safarov, who had brutally murdered his colleague by an axe, striking him more than 120 times, while the colleague was asleep. This happened in Bucharest, Hungary, during the joint NATO military training sessions. The guilt of the murdered lieutenant was that he was an Armenian!Also, all the perpetrators of the Sumgait, Baku, Gyandza (Kirovabad) pogroms, in which hundreds of thousands of innocent men, women and children of Armenian origin were brutally beaten, raped, murdered and expelled from the country, are still FREE and many have high governmental positions....Who says there is no freedom in Azerbaijan?The problem is that only the criminals and murderes (including the Aliyev clan and their cronies) are free and the normal people and the intelligentia, the journailists, the writers, the thinkers, and the civil society are not.