They are being falsely propped up. Just wait and see...

Free advice from people who have no money.

Anyone that owns stocks I will give you a piece of advice that I gave to my richer friends. Convert to a solid asset portfolio. When the stock market fails then hang on.

All stocks are up because policies are discouraging the largest drag on profits.... hiring. They have simply learned to do more with less help. The tech help is all Asians, Indians, Jews. Now I know why he wants to tax the wealthy. He doesn't have enough Jay-Z's and Beyonce's to have black people join in the prosperity.

Yall may want to buckle up.

Largest since when?

It's Obama fault the markets are at new highs

Why CALI(China Auto Logistics) Would Rise [Edit or Delete]0 commentsMar 13, 2013 12:12 PM | about stocks: CALIWhy CALI(China auto) would rise: Is this a speculation or realty, there was a good new doc last week on ABC regarding china bubble in housing market which is capital investment.Countries like india and china are minting millionaries every year, as you can see how fast things are changing. As the investment in real state and gold have helped them to get good ROR. Gold itself tripled since 2004.So where would these millionaries flash the money, obviously in cars and you can see its not just cars its only luxury cars. Its just not luxury cars, they need to be durable. In this case japanese have dominated in durability. CALI has a strong base in china to handle current and future momentum and strong growth prospects as articulated by there CEO Mr. Tong Shiping."looking ahead we remain confident that we will maintain our leadership position in the luxury auto sales industry, with continued anticipated support from our automobile portal and websites which are now established in 50 cities throughout China and we intend to extend to 60 cities. Our aim is to capitalize on this leadership position with an expansion of our current high margin services and the addition of new ones. Underlying our growth strategy is our belief that growth rates for the high-end automobile market in China will continue to exceed those of the mainstream auto market, a view that is shared by several market forecasters."Stocks: CALI

KERX : )

I'm amazed how anyone can not see that solar panels will be on every roof soon. The best solar products are made by one company, SPWR. There is no comparison in quality and efficiency. They have established themselves and will now dominate a market screaming for valid alternatives to skyrocketing fuel costs.Why is FTR so slow to move up...over 20% shares sold short ...28 days to cover!!!!

Let get this stock shorted at this level never seen in last two year..Solar industry is still trouble.

all those middle class people are just sinking their money into their IRAs and 401Ks, this happens each year.  by mid year their investment portfolios will be worthless.

With an economy like what we have, with record un-employment like we have, with a mountain of debt like this Nation now has, With no budget passed in years, with Obama care fixing to bankrupt the Nation, with gasoline over $3.50 a gallon for years, with food costs and energy costs skyrocketing, why are the markets doing so well? Need more proof the stock market is now a George Soros rigged game?

If you like big #$%$, thumbs up&gt; ;)

Big Pharma and multinational weapons manufacturing seem always to be good investment industries in the U.S., sadly.

I say.. live on "entitlements", that seems to be working!!

Anyone owning stocks or gubbamint bonds at this point deserves what they get.

Argentina blocks imports and looks for importers to team with Argentine manufacturing,They want to support their economy by having their people do the work and manufacture. WOW what a concept, having work for their people. Too bad our government wasn't bought and sold and worked for the American worker. Our government allowed the shipping of jobs and worse yet US pattons, then pee down their leg about workers needing the increased government programs and a good paying jobs. All this while a few bank roll themselves.Wall street profit!!

Another headline says the largest decrease, which is which?Yeah, will I haven't seen any increases on my end! It just go's to show you if your at thebottom very little comes down to you.

nice, they all anticipate an uptick in psychotrophic drug trade

I keep hearing a lot of good news on CYCC but the stock just flutters up and down from day to day. It sounds like there are a lot of positives coming in 2013 for it, but I'm curious to see what people feel their stock price could wind up come mid-end 2013

go CZR!!!!!!!!!!!!

Glad to see SYNC on the list

I bought 10 Moon acres .. in 500 years be worth 1 million times original purchase !!!

KIOR, Bill Gates has been to this plant twice in last few months,..fuel out of trees for $25-35 a barrel of oil is a no brainer!!

I bought RPRX at $0.51 per share prior to the 1:4 reverse split. I have now accumulated a 457% return on this stock.

GO ARNA!

Best call of the week Hogs at makor capitalwhats said on SSH? will the growth today keep up or is this a 1 day thing? volume went berserk afte this morning

Go RAMBUS $$$$$$$$

Agen has large pipe line, should be worth a look !!!

69k proffit in 35min on clnt:-)

AGEN has alot of movement because of possible buyout and insiders are buying and not selling-- This company is way undervalued--

DMND way under sold. Solid company for years good bet in the $20 range.

all in $VXX

still far away from all time high!

syke. Downgraded to equal weight 2/29 and upgraded to buy 3/5. Good company scammer analist playing. Should go to back ovr 16.00 end of the month.Watch for 15.50 tommorrow if market is not another down day

So good for osis earned big buck move all jobs to Asia for cheap labor.Broad vision FTW!!

Go ZAGG go.  They make the protective screens for all the Apple I-Phones, I-Pads etc.

Amylin(AMLN) great new once weekly drug, Bydureon, for type II diabetics, that is well-tolerated and can help you lose weight(possibly) as well as likely good blood sugar levels with only one injection per week!

BWLD:  THE CARDIOLOGIST'S LIFETIME ANNUITY

pwer had a great earnings report.    beat analysts expectations last 2 q's .   They do business for Facebook.

SQNS was up 9.56%.  It is on the NASDAQ too.

AsiaInfo is rising for two reasons1. It is very undervalued and strongly profitable with great balance sheet.2. CEO just bought $1 million worth of AsiaInfo stock.

Diamond Foods (DMND) is rebounding.

what do you guys thinking about this trucking company YRCW...I am very tempted to buy some share to make quick paper money...it might have a good quick short run for quick money.....its very interesting / weird stock if you look at its chart....and I only saw a high volume trades recently and not in previous years..any fedback will be appreciated. So far i have these stocks in my protfolio for a long term GE 400 @ $16.22, Intel 155 @ $20.69, Pfizer 202 @ $15.45,  AMD 380 @ $6.49, AA 500 @ $8.55

EML is UP $3.87 on a total volume of 100 shares????????? What #$%$ paid $24per share on the open market.Since when is ( #$%$ ) a 4 letter word that needs to be censored?

Yahoo is a noroM

In this group, CLFD looks like the one that will break out.

if they told us why this might be worth something.

i think THLD  stil has to go up and it ,ll go there where it use to be  . i see a very  high price  stability 4  THLD