Yawn!

In other news...  Oil companies are still pushing for that Keystone XL pipeline.

Too bad. If I was Chevron I would have tons of people checking that pipeline and guarding. My car always runs pretty good on Chevron and they have good prices.

Don't the loons get it, we havn't built a new refinery in 50 years, thats why there sending most of it to Texas to be refined. At change of season's they have to switch blends that has NO meaningful effect on the enviroment, putting the refinery down for the switch over and prices rise during the switch over because of this kink in the suppy chain..

Another oil spill, thats all we need to think about.

CLEAN IT UP AND MOVE ON ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,PROBLEM SOLVED !!!

in a related story, diesel sales way down in Utah for some reason

When I was in TDCJ-ID, the Texas State Prison in Grimes County called Pack 1 in I think 96, I worked at the Farm Shop where I was a mechanic fixing tractors and implementers.  The head of the Farm Shop was Captain Del R Rowe.  One day a new inmate tractor driver refueled his John Deere tractor, a 4250 or 4440 or 4955 or within that size from the diesel storage tank in front of the shop.  It was a big tank as well as the storage tank.  Each tractor of that size would burn about 50 gallons a day.  The inmate forgot to remove the nozzle that was gravity fed from the above ground tank and drove off with the nozzle still in the top of the tractor tank allowing fuel to flow for at least ten or more minutes where the hose broke from the hole in the bottom of the tank a few inches from the bottom.  There was no berm around and no barrier liner beneath the tank as required.  The tank was simply placed on the ground in front of the shop.  Later I went into the Farm Shop office to talk to Captain Rowe about something unrelated and overheard him speaking with one of the other CO's under him, I think it was Rusty or Mr. Harris, about how he reported the spill but that the spill was something over the 500 and maybe closer to 1500 gallons or more and that they needed to build a berm around the tank to keep the Texas TNRCC now the TECQ inspector from finding out.  He said they shouldn't worry about the plastic barrier, just the berm.  A few days later, we waited for the ground to soak the diesel up after scooping it out and dumping it elsewhere, we all built the berm before we could go back to the dorm and shower and eat.  I think we ate cold food because the kitchen was closed when we finished that night but that was common during corn planting and harvest season.  Anyway I got out of prison in 98 and I've heard they opened a new Farm Shop and closed the old one but I've often wondered what happened to the old land because most of that 1500 gallons or more of diesel soaked into the ground.  Captain Rowe would have me go to the corn field to fix broken hydraulic  hoses on tractors during harvest and planting as well.  When a hose breaks on a full size tractor like a 4050 or 4440, you loose maybe 10 gallons of oil into the ground.  These were never reported because he would always fluff it off.    I ended up getting put back in population because I refused and order to sack potatoes or that is what they said.  What happened was Rusty wanted me to vent into the atmosphere R12 Freon for an AC unit and I said that it was illega and I wouldn't do it so that #$%$ him off so he got his way.

Nothing is guarantied in this world except death and a liberal that whines about everything!

Chevron also has another group of 500 workers standing by complete with a roll of Bounty paper towels just in case Plan A doesn't work."The Willard Bay State Park in Utah was closed after around 4,200 to 6,300 gallons (100-150 The Willard Bay State Park in Utah was closed after around 4,200 to 6,300 gallons (100-150 barrels) of diesel leaked from a Chevron Corp pipeline that runs just north of the park, the Salt Lake Tribune reported on its website on Tuesday."Now, pleeeeeeeese, don't let this be a deterrent for the Keystone pipeline, their two different things entirely. .. . .Really for one the Keystone is over 16,000 mile longer. See?

Human Beings are so smart. I can see why everyone rushes around from point A to point B like they're someone important.

Tomorrow gas prices across 'Merica will rise by 50¢.

Another reason for gas to go up.

This is a story, they spilled it, their cleaning it up..does people know how many 10 of thousands of gallon's were spilled since the first pipeline, the Tidewater in built in 1878 ?They had oil spilled all over the streets in the boom towns and beyond for almost 100 years , Where's the damage ?

WHAT another coincidence....lets see, oil rigs blow up, around drilling debate, shootings, around gun control debate...pipe leaks, around pipeline debate.....WOW, Americans......soooo easily misled....!!!

Yet teabaggers still chant "drill baby drill"

But do not put any regulations on them because they will take care of it without, TEEHEETEEHEE-------------the repub/teabaggers and their very wealthy backers don't care if a huge sourse  of water is destroyed or if land is ruined and then they put out LIES that keystone will hire millions when the fact is maybe up to 4000-5000 max most of which will be temporary at best and then after texas cleans it up it will be shipped overseas and who ever wins these games, the oil companies, of course, but above all else protect the oil companies and pay them to screw us and this Willard Bay State Park  mess is just a small scale sample of what will happen................................................................

"Chevron could not immediately be reached for comment."Chevron is one of the leading private oil companies in Venezuela.., that's Venezuela w/o Hugo Chavez, Venezuela in the middle of national elections.., I'm just sayin'.

OMG fuel is going up again.No reason NOT to build the pipeline. The one in Alaska proves that.Funny how the US is producing more crude than ever and prices keep going up. Damn Union Workers.These 'little-accidents' ought to be more than enough evidence to NOT build a pipelinefrom Canada to Texas!!!

Hey, as long as it's safe...

Do not allow it to open until Chevron cleans up the mess and posts a $5M bond.  Any new pipe lines should post a $20M bond before starting to build the pipeline.

If this isn't a good enough reason not to approve the Keystone Pipeline System from Canada to the Gulf Coast of Texas then what is?

That wouldn't half fill Air Force 1.

Drink up yuh schitt-bag Mormons.

but all the pipelines are safe, we need more. ask the people of Marshall, Michigan how  clean their river is.

Build baby build and keep on building. It's time we say enough is enough and were sick and tired of the oil companies making billion an billions. Not to mention gas price go up by 5 and 10 cents every day and come down by penny's every two weeks. It's time to put a halt to it all.

OMG WHAT A NON STORY!!!

The pigs in the pipe smuggle drugs. The pigs in the office lie about everything to keep the money flowing.I prefer a big train of tank cars. At least we can see them.Awesome, huh? Let's build more pipelines.

This makes nation wide news. I wonder why that is? In other news a gas station customer overflowed their gas tank and it flowed into a nearby creek and killed a carp, (my fabrication) Protest time!

So the mormans pollute more than this...

The phone you talk on is made of plastic derived from oil. The electricity you use at home to charge that phone, most likely came from a gas burning plant all of which was transported by pipelines. And the keystone is under construction right know and not a thing you can do about it, i know because i work on the keystone take that tree huggers and hippies. O yeah and dont reply that will warrant the use of pipelines thanks

One tanker load could spill that much.

Sequestration was at fault, right Barry Sotero? First Pres to have an alias.

no worries, Sara is on the way and she's armed with the quicker picker upper.

If the government hadn't oppressed the American citizens over the past 70 years by unconstitutionally banning the industrial hemp industry in favor of creating oil barons, this would not have happened.

Drill baby drill! This is not the first or the last accident that we will see. Oh! I get it! Lets stop making cars, ships, airplanes, ANYTHING THAT TAKES OIL!!!!! You people are idiots!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! What do you propose? "TAX THE RICH" is the only thing you can grab. I am done with idiots and that includes the present administration . I hope you are happy together.

The phone you talk on is made of plastic derived from oil. The electricity you use at home to charge that phone, most likely came from a gas burning plant all of which was transported by pipelines. And the keystone is under construction right know and not a thing you can do about it, i know because i work on the keystone take that tree huggers and hippies. O yeah and dont reply that will warrant the use of pipelines thanksI miss the old days, when our rivers used to catch fire near refineries.- a RepublicanPS end the EPA!

ok guys don't let my stock go down, BP doing a fine job rebounding

Build it and they will come. Wait until Keystone springs a leak... This will be a drop in the bucket compared..

Ut Oh the Mormons are going to be in an uproar