Did Yoda write the headline?????

Haha Too funny they posted to facebook.I for one am glad I never joined Facebook.

Syrian people will lose no matter who is in power , this is a sad truth !!

Getting closer and closer.From dictatorship to religious intolerant slavery.These folks ain't got a chance.

If the insurgent's destroy everything.  Where they gonna live? that right their are not from Syria

So when they are mad they blow things up and when they are celebrating they also blow things up?  Sounds like a pretty confusing place! hahaha

Even after all this death he could still pull off a deal just to end the fighting.  Take millions to Russia or whereever he wants to go where he will be allowed and leave a rich ,rich soft life otherwise history tells us what will happen to him.

If you take out the Leader, the regime will crumble faster. Just a matter of Deductive Logic

Wheres Assad?

GoodyNo, hes there alright, hes that stupid !!!

knock knock knockin on Assads door.....

Assad will be hearing a lot more of this before they hang him

Why would Assad leave? Syria is better off with him running it than it would be with Al Qaeda nuts in control. Not to mention he has enough of manpower and weapons to stay in power for a very long time. We should be happy. There are more Al Qaeda terrorists in Syria than anywhere else in the world right now. Assad is doing us a favor by killing them.

BEIRUT (Reuters Propaganda) - Palestinian and Muslim Brotherhood agents, along with leftist from the EU and Turkey calling themselves the "Syrian rebels" said on Monday they had fired mortar bombs at the presidential palace, the Damascus International Airport and security buildings to mark the second anniversary of the uprising against President Bashar al-Assad. Innocent civilians were hit by mortar fire and will not be reported in the Arab Spring Syria uprising which will replace one mad man with one even worse.Turkey, the inventor of the Arab Spring hopes to regain it's Ottoman Empire region while destroying all Jews in the process. The Obama regime signed on board to assist the MB and Turkish government in this Islamic expansion that will end in WW3.Meanwhile back at the Oasis, the NTC (Al Qaeda) is busy slaughtering Libyans by the hundreds. Recently, the Obama regime used the CIA to hold Bedouin leaders hostage until they surrender their weapons and lands to the NTC, this blew up in their faces and resulted in the attack on the US Embassy in Benghazi.The Bedouin leaders were held at the CIA "station" until the 9/11 attack that resulted in US diplomatic and security personnel being killed so the Arab Spring could look effective.Qaddafi was a total douche but those outsiders who replaced him are even far worse. 120 Bedouin tribes have sworn eternal vengeance against the NTC and NATO for killing their "controllable" leader who himself was a Bedouin.Following the collapse of the Obama regime or his retirement from office, Pharaoh Obama will be penning a tome entitled, "How Not To Carry Out International Relations".

How long do you think it will be before the freedom fighters tear Assad apart?...........Shame that so many soldiers are dying for this madman they will probably experience the same fate ......If they would revolt against this guy they probably could have a peace deal and start to heal their war torn land.

The terrorist rat Assad scurries to safety but not for long.  Recall this started out with peaceful protests.  It was the terrorist rat Assad who began the killing and it will end with his demise.

Nice to know Assad has already left the country leaving his wife behind. A noble gesture.

Find him make him ur target alone! Quit wasting ammo on other things and probably innocent people,,,,,,,,,find him!!!!!!!!!!!!

Can't wait until they drag Assad body thru the streets.yyy  dont we just send #$%$ cheney over ther with helliburton and no bid contract??hes got lot expetise n bringing down buildings just look at pics of twin towers??and killn people what the just ask ken lay,he wasnt goin 2 get presidential pardon  so on way 2 prison he was going 2 squeal on bush /cheney they had daddy bush boys at cia take care of him???just like they murdered president kennedy???motorhome lasvegas

Russia should provide nukes to syria so they can nuke israel

When they are in bad situation they make incredible news to boost their confidence. Specially tomorrow their so called leaders are meeting in Turkey to form a government! Hypocrisy at its finest.Oh  those puppets!

But I thought Facebook doesn't allow Terrorist orgs to be listed?  BS.

Why do they need an airport?

"Olympus is down" Repeat! "Olympus is down"!

Wouldn't matter to the Sunni Al-CIada terrorist "rebels" or their fellow traveling allies in the western media &amp; governments if those mortars land on child day care centers, orphanages, hospitals, libraries, schools, firehouses, police stations, post offices, supermarkets etc

What a joke! Filthy ugly dirty long beards trying to be cowboys! Hell is waitingfor you and your virgins

Yes rebels, we r happy to help u as usual. You can even ask for american soldiers(through israel) and we are ready to shade blood for justice at the cost of our families.

after reading this i need to check out liveleak for the latest snackbar videos!Well this must be the end of the end. There is no doubt the wave of change now have to move on. But the key qeustion for Assad is to where? May he repent before we can say RIP.

In Syria they are Rebels supplied by the West.  most anywhere else, they are Terrorists despised by the West...  Hmmm.

Do not believe he is still there - unlike a Noble Captain going down with the ship --- he is probably in Iran with his soul-mate(s).... Anyway good try rebel - er, heck - hard to find the good in either side these days.... Carry on....

These Al Qaida terrorists and their western media cronies/ groupies like Reuters/AP Fox News. They do a lot of bombing in the press, not on the ground. Real funny.

Sooner or later, this will end.  And Assad will be ousted.  Only a matter of time, just hope they can avoid civilian deaths as much as possible.

asas ad can go 2 crawford texas they love #$%$ holes there??they all grovel at gw dubya bush and ill bet they kiss kieth bush 2 for robb nnn the saving and loans,they do everything bigger n texas u hear that sukn noise cheney must be n texas???motorhome lasvegas

I have said this on previous posts and I'll say it again... The US never learns its lesson... You supported 'freedom fighters' in Libya and what did that get you? 3 dead Americans and an ambassador... And the culprits will claim the same as this article puts out, it "started with peaceful protests"