Yahoo has become a JOKE as a news outlet, no story on 7 marines killed yesterday, no story about CA's new business tax, no story about the millions sent to Pakistan in "education aid" while soldiers and marines education benefits are being cut...so sad!

@Rhino: Most of Obamas voters don't have "assets" of 200k or above, remember they are the ones who sit back and say eveyone else owes them.

Anyone ever notice these stories are all about perils for Obama - nothing about the country?These media people just don't realize how much people are coming to hate and ignore every word they say.

"U.S. officials have set expectations low for the trip". A stark commentary on our fearless leader's foreign policy acumen.

The medias orgasmic preparations for Obamas are truly disgusting. They should rename themselves the Obama Press Corp.

The worst foreign policy maker since Jimmy Carter, Egypt a disaster, Iran a disaster, Venezuela a disaster, North Korea a disaster, Russia a disaster, China a disaster....and all he does is pass useless laws and make speeches and raise taxes just like the people he blamed such as the Bush family.... a total joke.

He'd best be concerned about the perils of THIS country instead of meddling in the affairs of foreign countries. Obama, it's going downhill fast!.

Mideast peace by selling F16s to his muslim brotherhood pals

You always set goals low for idiots.  barack is not expected to do much because he doesn't have a clue.

Let Barack Obama go to the Middle East. They can keep him permanently.

Seems funny how they talk about egypt and libya and do not mention obamas shipping illegal arms into libya which the french are having to deal with in central africa now and that every country he has stuck his boney finger into are now under control of the muslim brotherhood."Having run his last race as a political candidate, he is no longer beholden to the whims of voters."Translation...........he no longer cares what the American people think!

So, what's he going to be apologizing for this time on behalf of America?

I hope Barak HuSATAN Obama stays safe. I hope al Qaeda doesn't use the surface-to-air missles they got from Libya against him. If anything were to happen to Barak HuSATAN Obama, we'd be stuck with that moron Biden as president..

If this is true just stay home and save the millions of dollars that the trip costs and open up the WH for tours you jack A!"Thus, U.S. officials have set expectations low for the trip. No new plan to bring Israel and the Palestinians back to the negotiating table. No big boost in assistance to the struggling Palestinian Authority. No new strategy for dealing with the chaos in Syria. No new outreach to Muslims like the one that was the centerpiece of his June 2009 visit to Cairo"

I just don't understand what this embecile thinks he is going to accomplish other than making things worse.  Save time money and stay home, send Kerry and make him do his job, and have idiot try to take care of the budget like he is supposed to .

Number 1 step to aid the quest to solve the budget problem...stop this clown and clownette from traveling the world apologizing for AMERICA and handing out welfare checks. Must be a new golf course over there he hasn't played yet.

....and on the 6th day, Obama looked down on all that he had made and say that it was not good so he blamed it on Bush.

Obama has failed terribly by not allowing the US to become energy independent from the middle east.  The Arab spring, herald by his administration as a great wave of democratic reforms, has turned this area into a breeding area for many old and new groups of terrorism.  We are seeing our embassies attacked and Americans killed with no real answers, lies and delays.  We are marching FORWARD to WW3 and Obama and his administration are leading the way.

The Middle East and North Africa have deteriorated on BO's and Hillary's watch. As is usually the case with BO, he thinks he can swoop in and fascinate everybody with meaningless rhetoric, then leave. "Problem solved." Well, not quite. He has no credibility and his idea of diplomatic relations is one of appeasement, rather than one of strength and true leadership. His mind is not focused on the international arena, but on "social change" within the US. The administration knows his foreign visits are nonproductive, even harmful, so it comes out with its lowered expectations line. Lowered expectations produce lowered results.

He may not be beholden to the voters anymore but he will still lie like the sick mental case liar he is.....Obama made the Middle East what it is today, He's a legend in his own mind !

A boy, in a man's world. You go, Urkel!

Think of what we could do with the millions of taxpayer dollars that is being frittered away so this poor excuse of a president can go on a "symbolic, hand-holding trip".

He just spent millions of $$$ to fly to Illinois to give a speach and fly right back to Washington.  Now he will spend millions on more trips playcation his Socialist friends in the mideast. He needs to stop wasting money and work on the countries problems instead of jetsetting arround like a King.

The reason there is a strain on the relationship with Israel is because they have seen how he has destroyed this country and they surely are not going to listen to his advice for their country and how to make peace.  This is a worthless trip and a waste of tax payer money.  He is not respected , and he in turn has made the US a non-respected country.

If Israel believes we have their back he shouldn't have to go. If they don't believe it,his BS will never convince them.

You can keep the socialist liar over there.

All this is is just another photo shoot.  Nothing will be accomplished.  Another free trip on the taxpayers.

Obama taking with him 500 million to give to the Palestinians. Like we can afford it!

I wish he would just stay there and become a dictator of a third world country because that is what he acts like.Will Urkel wear his rainbow suspenders?

LOL. and this dude won the Nobel Peace Prize?!?

I've been really heavy on The Prez and haven't seen much to brag on him about.  I can only pray that he and this administration can get over themselves and begin to see where they are leading us.  With all the ability to know what the country is thinking through the media and social media, does he simply not care or is he so set on doing the only things he knows how.  I'm disappointed in him and think most everyone that isn't on his payroll is as well.  I'm still praying for him.  God has the ability to control not just him but the world stage.

His first Mideast trip became known as "The Great Obama Apology Tour".How'd that work out for him?

This moron can't solve the problems in this country and yet he thinks he can give advise to others. He needs to stay home and save everybody all the trouble. Nobody gives a rats butt what he has to say anyway.

They would never hurt a fellow Muslim

How many food tasters for King Obama is going on this trip? How much money will he give away after giving 2.4 billion, 20 F-16's, 200 Abrams tanks to his Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt.How 'bout we "SEQUESTER" all these billions of dollars going to Pakistan, Egypt, etc &amp; people who want to kill us, &amp; not close WH tours for kids.?Why is Obama closing WH tours for kids &amp; running ads for 2600 new fed gov't workers, even a librarian for the Dept of Ag. while threatening to not inspect our meat and dems in Senate approve ads for free food stamps in Mexico?General Accounting Office: "The incremental costs of Obama's overseas trips cost an avg. of $3.6 million tax $ per hr. How 'bout banning Obama's golf outings costing 'bout 3.2 mil ea outing too.Reality Check! Obama Supporters Angry at New Tax Increases on 77% of all workers making under 250k to help pay billions to support Obamas lavish lifestyle. In in the Hawaiian newspapers: Obama Lifestyle Criticized as ‘Royal’: Author Documents, $1.4 Billion Annually for Obama &amp; his family vs. only $58 Million for the royal family a yr by Brits.Lets close WH tours so taxpayers can give 254 million $ to renovate the Univ. of Wash.'s football stadium in Dem Sen. budget sponsor Patty Murray's state or spend 176k on the impact of cocaine on Japanese quail.Obama approval drops 11 to just 43% over his brainchild, the "sequester", in 4 polls after O took his 2nd vacate of 2013 already as we sent Obama aboard AF 1 for a Golf vac to Fla. with Tiger Woods &amp; the 1st lady to vacate in Aspen.Obama, only 316k Net Jobs added in 4 yrs vs. Reagan 16.1 mil in 4 yrs. Source: BLS, "B" Tables, Seasonally Adjusted.Bloomberg News: "the 10 largest U.S. banks by assets gets a taxpayer subsidy of $83 billion a yr, thanks to dems Frank/Dodd. To put the figure in perspective, it’s tantamount to the gov't giving the banks about 3 cents of every tax dollar collected". Cut that loophole Obama, not our kids touring the WH.Dems from LBJ (who started it all, passing a law to rob SS Trust Fund, bad loans Fannie/Freddie, Medicaid, allowing unions in gov't (even FDR warned against it) &amp; starting the welfare socialist spread the wealth road to the US becoming Greece, to Clinton, put the building blocks of this depression in place. 77% of the time, Dems have controlled the purse strings and Congress, 46 of the last 60 yrs since 1950, &amp; in the Senate by dems over 84% of the time (over 50 of the last 60 yrs. The Dem. party has had the majority in both houses over 81% of the time.Just look what "No Balanced Budgets" by Big high tax dem union gov't has done to many cities like to Det. Mich., and those that have gone bankrupt in Calif. Today Det Mich. is preparing to be taken over by the state. State of Ill, is bankrupt.It is time the richest city in the US tighten their belts too. Fed workers get payed 53% higher wages on the average than the average in the private sector. Federal Gov't workers make an average of $67,954 vs the overall average American, age 25 or older, makes only roughly $32,000 per year. Source US Census, Personnel Yearly Income.CNN: Obama's own words on you tube video. "Bush was incompetent for raising Nat Debt from 5 to 9 trillion and spending 4 trillion in just 8 shorts yrs." Obama has gone from 9 trillion to 16.7 trillion in 4 yrs. spending 7.7 trillion. Who is incompetent Obama???CBS news: Obama Has Now Increased Debt More than All Presidents from Washington Thru Bush II Combined . Obama has spent enough to have sent every senior a check for over 4 million dollars or a check of over $240,000 to every legal taxpaying family in America. DID YOU GET YOUR "FAIR SHARE"? WHERE DID ALL THAT MONEY GO?

The bow and bend over tour never stops.

Which is worse?  Obama having a third term, or Hillary getting even one?

2 trips to Israel. 200 trips to the golf course.New perils for Obammie???  Everything he touches becomes perilous!!

Ghadaffi and Moberic were 'friends' of barry not long ago. Ghadaffi donated big money to barry to get elected the 1st time.

I wonder how many trips to the mosque Barack will make while he's over there?

Very low expectations! We can't even get a budget produced here in the US. Let's hope he leaves the checkbook at home this time as the world watches and laughs yet again.

So what is the point of going and wasting all that taxpayer money if there are really no expectations of accomplishing anything?

Obama is a joke and an embarassment!!! How about doing something for the citizens of America, stop your needless traveling, cut taxes, cut the budget,sprink the size of the federal government and STOP SPENDING MY MONEY!!

He better not warn anybody until he gets his own house in order.

Everything with Obama is a challenge because he's had NO experience in ANYTHING except campaigning and giving speeches.  He is a far left big govt. liberal who said it all when it said in a recent interview that he is not concerned about the deficits or debt and they don't pose a problem at this time.  And the media that supports his lies and covers his butt are doing a great disservice to the people of this country.

better take the M1 Abrams. you can have your "food taster" wave at the adoring crowds through one of the gun ports.

The counterfeit messiah enters Israel a week before Easter...interesting"Uncertainty abounds in the wake of the revolutions that have convulsed the Arab world for the past two years and shaken many of the strong but imperfect pillars of stability on the planet's most politically volatile patch of land."Barry's plan all along.

Watch for him to be seen with a gas mask on in Israel if the media has any guts to show it or if not they are just showing themselves as sucka----!! Oh and BTW I wonder how many time he will wet his pants while there shaking in his shoes? We will never know!!

Yup, all of obiwans brothers now control the region....

Obabam is going over to the middle east to finish what HE started on HIS last trip over there! He's the BEST DANG COMMIE WE 'VE EVER ELECTED , though not with a vote fom ME! What a SHAME and SHAM he is!!

So  what do you progressive secular socialist radical far left liberal democrats expect from the silver tongued snake oil salesman AMATEUR non-leader in the WH who enjoyed smoking pot with total absorption and roof hits, who actively sought out radical professors as MENTORS forming his inner hatred for this country, who 'IS' a member of the GOD DAM AMERICA Rev. Wright congregation agreeing with and hearing all the vile vulgar hate filled racist sermons every Sunday on trips that he completely does not understand other then his tendencies to embrace the Arab world not being able to admit  the word TERRORIST is in his vocabulary.

A woman in a hot air balloon realized she was lost. She lowered her altitude and spotted a man in a boat below. She shouted to him,"Excuse me, can you help me? I promised a friend I would meet him an hour ago, but I don't know where I am."The man consulted his portable GPS and replied, "You're in a hot air balloon, approximately 30 feet above ground elevation of 2,346 feet above sea level. You are at 31 degrees, 14.97 minutes north latitude and 100 degrees, 49.09 minutes west longitude.She rolled her eyes and said, "You must be a Republican."I am," replied the man. "How did you know?""Well," answered the balloonist, "everything you told me is technically correct. But I have no idea what to do with your information, and I'm still lost. Frankly, you've not been much help to me."The man smiled and responded, "You must be an Obama-Democrat.""I am," replied the balloonist. "How did you know?""Well," said the man, "you don't know where you are -- or where you are going. You've risen to where you are, due to a large quantity of hot air. You made a promise you have no idea how to keep, and you expect me to solve your problem. You're in exactly the same position you were in before we met, but somehow, now it's my fault."

Gone are the authoritarian regimes and welcome to the Muslim Brotherhood.

Notice what's been missing from Yahoo News???  No mention of someone hacking Hillary Clinton's emails to pal Sidney Blumenthal, including conversations about Benghazi!

With chemical weapons used in Syria and no action on a red line being crossed, the Obama credability on Iran being a year away from a nuclear bomb will be shattered in Israel.  WITH 38% of Israelis calling Obama belligerant to Israel, Obsma may have to accept Bibi's time frame.  In terms of the Obama budget, the savings from Iraq and Afghanistan may get spent in Iran.

Obama and Jimmy Carter (Demo-Rats) will have the same "legacy" - FAILUREPoor, poor, ole barry he has been in over his head from the time he was a gleam in whomever his father was, eye.

Why doesn't the blowhard just stay home and do something useful for a change: clip his toe nails or something....take a bath......like he's going to do ANYONE ANY GOOD at all with this lame trip....put the money you'd spend on it on the Easter Egg roll....you know, something productive?

"they have presented Obama's visit to Israel, the Palestinian Authority and Jordan as a symbolic, hand-holding trip."Everything the fool does is symbolic. Every thought in is head is predicated on who gets blamed if this tanks?  He got rid of authoritarian regimes who were simi friendly to the west and replaced them with the muslim brotherhood and fringe groups of halfbreeds all of whom hate us. A better discription of this trip would be #$%$

OBAMA is such a sad leader.

He to, are looking for ways to tax your bank account. You make, they take. In time, this man will go down in history as the worst President and possibly deemed as a traitor to everything America stands for. His weak and do nothing foreign policy has failed and let the muslim brotherhood which is intent on bringing down the west, spread throughout the world. His domestic policies are a complete failure and the 17 trillion dollars of debt that he has racked up are, in his own words, unpatriotic.

Conservatives hate you, Jews hate you. The only ones that like you are the sniveling liberals who depend on you for their handouts. Shame on you Mr. Owe-bama.

The commander in cheat going to solve the problems of the world , I can hear them laughing now he has put the United states in worse  shape than most of the countries he is visiting. He will do anything to try and distance himself from the problems in the USA. I would have said his homeland but noone really knows where that is. He ahs lied so much about that he doesn't even remember where he was born.

"he is no longer beholden to the whims of voters."Yeah.  No #$%$, Sherlock.

I hate to say it, but Bill Clinton knew more about and did more for peace in the Middle East than Obama ever could or would. Dang, did I say something good about Clinton? Not really, he was just light years ahead of Obama in this one area.

Obama is not my President!his first trip was to blame u.s. policy for all that ailed the muslim world. now after four years of his failed policy, he could go to cairo and visit a country now run by the terror group the muslim brotherhood. with four more years of obama we will face a nuclear armed terrorist world that will make the cold war the good old days.

He will screw this up some way, he is in way over his head, socialist idiot !!!!!!!

Since he became president, the situation in the mideast is at all time low.  this pos community organizer is a boil on americas butt

Most of the morons that put this muslim islamic clown in office dont read these comments anyway ,so we are preaching to the choir.

Maybe he'll BOW and KISS THEIR #$%$.. AGAIN ... and everything will be okay.

obama's new   autobiography, "OUT OF AFRICA "

In history books, Obama will go down as a #$%$ stain on the American flag.

obama, "THE GREAT PRETENDER "

The Obama show "comedy of horrors"! Now on stage every day for the past 4 years 3 months. THE STAR OF THE SHOW B.H Obama....Daa Daa.

Perhaps he should get his butt back home and put a little effort into solving the mess he has right here at home. Its not likely your suggestions will be accepted when you can't even run America.I am sure our Dear Leader can overcome everything and anything that could possibly happen. He is the chosen one! The most enlightened president to ever hold office....cough..think I threw up a little.

Acting as an apologist for Obama, the media tells us that, ".... U.S. officials have set expectations low for the trip. "  Since the "Blame Bush Tour 2009", Obama really has done nothing to maintain or grow the peace in the Middle East, so what would they expect to come out of this?  Staying at home and saving the multi-million dollar expense would probably have benefited the U.S. more.

"U.S. officials have set expectations low "....Finally ....a realistic view of what can actually be expected from OWEBama during his terms as 'president' of the US...!

Dear middle east countries, keep Obama over there we are fine without him,Sincerely, a American.

in other news, Obama blames the turmoil in the middle east on the Sequester.

Obama is a threat to world peace and to our national security.

If he were a true leader, this silly charm tour would not have even been conceived.

As the United States of America fades into the sunset. Wake up people if this keeps up with Obama we won't have a sunrise.

The Spoon fed louse is an utter laughing stock.

Obama doesn't feel safe in Israel.  It's one of the few countries of the Middle East not ruled by Islamists.That should read NO HOPE.

I don't know what everyone is worried about the Moooslim Brotherhood will protect POTUS he just gave them a ton of our money.

building a legacy,yes , of how he destroyed america with only hisself in mind, king Nero

Obama pulling the troops out before the job is done. He gave the terrorist a date. He allowed them to regroup. He proved to them he is a do nothing president and they think we are weak. I bet they are now planning another attack on our soil. The supposed capture of Bin Laden even though there is no body. It makes no sense to dump it in the ocean.,,, did nothing to stop terrorists. Keep them running and broke is the only way. After Libya and Obama's failure to respond made them they think they can push us around.

Will he be wearing his ancient devil attire (hoodie/robe) on his trip?

Obama and Biden out of country,now the time to close them borders!ha!

Old big time Charley , seems a bit upset that they  didnt fall  all over him  and gobble up every word that proceeded  out of his lying deceitful lips .this time around ...   apparantly they are not as  enthusiastic  with him as they were a few years back , apparantly  they  see through him .    Thier  faith and trust in him  had  has flown out the  windowThats ok , Americans are finally seeing though him also..  The 2008  enthusiaticism ,faith and trust is gone    old vet ex-demo

Dictator feels the need for a Vacation ??

the community organizer at work daa

Maybe the Obamassiah will decide to stay with his bretheren and remain in the Middle East...or anywhere else...and not return to the U.S. !We will never know what really goes overseas since the media is so bias. They  won't tell us when he blunders in his talks with other world leaders and turn the tables blaming them and telling us how great obama did.

The man has a 10% approval rating in Israel.  'Nough said.

Just heard about Obama looking like character that plays satan on history channel. What a bunch of BS, Obama is only satans helper.

I'll say.  He wanted all these new leaders. It backfired , Mr. Obama.

He`s going to Isreal to tell Netanyahu, Aah, Now look, with my help the folks surrounding Isreal, Aah, you know the muslim brotherhood, now have our money, air craft and theirs and our millitary weapons and soon nuclear weapons, and I Barak Hussian Obama am the one who controls how they will be used. Want to negotiate now?

Ahh yes, the "new" middle east he has helped create!

Obama in the middle east and Biden at the Vatican ? Why didn't they stay home and use the money to keep the White House Tours open? If Biden is the best Catholic  politician we have to send, the church is in trouble.

Everybody knows obummer is full of lies

what if they serve lobster

Now the middle east knows that obama is a liar, first, last, and always.  They now see the US as a complete joke.Is Obama up to the job in the Middle East?  No one seems to trust him, and the Liberal Media fears for the President's New Clothes on this trip.

president baracka "Bengahzi", the man facing many questions who has no answer -- or a clue for that matter.

Gone are the authoritarian regimes and leaders in Tunisia, Egypt, Libya and Yemen, Replaced by radical Muslim regimes who’s only thought is to attack the west.

HIs muslim accolades hate him as much as most Americans.

What happened to-JOBS-ECONOMY-AMERICAN WORKER/TAXPAYER????

Well, some of us have to work tomorrow to help pay for jack and topnotch's ebt cards....no, no, don't get up you two...just stay in your moms basement and have a good time....we'll carry the load for you....you're welcome

The first 'Background' check should be Obama.  And while he is over there and already so close, send him back to his "Home Country", as Michelle stated, and keep him there.

Just send us back a picture of him in an orange jumpsuit to remember him by.

The difference between this trip and the last on is that now EVERYONE KNOWS OBAMA IS A LIAR !!!

Obozo is taking air force one to the niddle east.  Bet he is letting Moohell fly her broom over there.So the problems of isreal is more inportant then the problems of america what a sham of a president

Ummmm, cant HE be president of there?

Not much defense of Oblowhard on this thread... not much left to defend, I suppose!

Running away from the mess he made in the USA, freaky big eared Obama seeks the love and guidance of anyone who will say Socialism is Ok.

He remade the Mideast,remember Arab Spring? See what happens when you #$%$ in the path of life.

Hey libturds, hows that "Arab Spring" workin out for yah. You idiots actually believe that they want democracy as we know it. What a bunch of idiots!The dictators were the only thing holding them back from an islamist state run by sharia law, Egypt is well on its way, especially with terrorists (muslim brotherhood) in charge.

Obama is now facing the fact that his foreign policy has been a disaster. This is called "Leading from behind".

The mid East has been fundamentally transformed . . . hope his plans for America come out better.

Maybe the usurper will get shot down with one of the missiles he sold the terrorists over there ?

people quit complaining when you allow people to intemadate your believes with BS and you don't speak up, you are giving away your country and i can not just understand why.New perils?? Where do they get these so called journalists?You'd think they were trying to make obama out as some kind of hero fighting a just cause.When in reality he's just a clown.and most of the world and most Americans think of him as a bad joke.

Obama is not a friend of Isreal, but of Egypt and Palestine. He is definitely not a friend of Isreals when he gives Egypt 20 Fighter Jets, ammunitions and billions in aid. Matter of fact, how could he be a friend of ours doing that?

Now would be a REALLY ironic time for Iran to use the nuke that they claim not to be developing.

Obama loves Isreal so much that he gave their neighbors, the (Terrorists Muslim Brotherhood) 20 Jet Fighters, 200 Tanks and $250 Million Dollars!

Will Obama turn his 'Praise Allah' Ring under when he meets the Jewish Leaders?

Perils ? obamas foreign policies in the mideast are a TRAIN-Wreck , on Steroids$ Billions in US Foreign aid , 4 MURDERED americans in Benghazi , Iran close to having a NUKE and obama Looking for Photo Ops............obama is CLUELESS

Things are ten times worse thanks to the muslim standing with his brothers.

i'm sure he'll be hating it. sounds like a somber no fun trip, and it's not likely they will bring out the rappers, celebrities, a basketball court or a golf course....

If obama has Isreals back, why does he give the muslim brotherhood 1.5 Billion every year?kerry just handed them another chek for 250 Mill and obozo is also giving  them tanks and jets.*hes got a funny way of showing hes got their back.

What peril? Obama has kissed so many Islamic #$%$ that they LOVE him!We sent him over there to represent us and he won't even show us his college, medical or passport records. What is the definition of a imposter? Someone who claims they are someone who they aren't. Why would we send him to represent us, if you knew all the things he does behind closed doors and what he says he is going to do are two different things all together.

what a time for Obama........his popularity has slumped, he has the media upset with him, the senate doesn't love him, Israel and Palestine don't want him, and he came out of the closet.....he's the devil!

You know I can't even stand to watch or listen to the Today Show anymore the media just thinks that we want to hear about Hollwood, the rich and famous and the dirt of the earth they can't even get the weather straight without drama. So why is Obama traveling and why didn't they say anything about Kerry the Ketch-up Prince going also?

He probaly will just wave from the window while he flys by. Another mission accomplised.

Oh, my God, he might acually have to WORK,  oh my god!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Got a mat in front of the urinal in my garage that looks just like that...

Give us a Middle Eastern dictator , you take Obama, and we'll see who destroys their new country the fastest.

typical obama....nothing of substance....EVER

This trip, cost the us taxpayer 500 million dollars and counting

God really help us !!!He is going to your country now the holy land . I sure hope he doesn't make a mockery of his power he thinks he has while there.  He doesn't even believe , I hope he does more good than harmYou would think the arab/muslim nations would great him as hero for his anti israel approach.

A drowning man will pull anybody under the water with him to save his own (a)ss...We are being pulled under by (Your) President

they can keep him

Obama's friends, the Muslim Brotherhood are now in charge and Sharia Law is the new way of life.

Hey he looks like that Satan guy from the history channel...oh my bad.

Obama brings bad luck to people and countries he gets involved with.

Guess he will be putting his #$%$ kissin' " lips on for another trip. Wonder which Muslim leader he's going to bow to this time and which ones he's going to apologize to for being an American.  I'm sure he's going to make us all so proud. I'm also anxious to see that kind of God-awful outfit the First Cow comes up with. You can always count on Moochelle for an embarassing moment.

Legacy? Thats funny. Thanks Yahoo

foreign policy is no modern democrats strong point, stick to name calling, campaigning, and racist remarks because the rest of the world thinks your pathetic.

O good god AP Why don`t you and obama just get a room!Obama gave the Muslim brother hood 250 million dollars , how is Israel supposed to trust him ? Remember he was raised as a Muslim he has the same feelings towards Jews and Christians that all Muslims have .

obama can enjoy his handywork

For the past five-plus years all barry benghazi's done is make things worse for everyone...we're so sure they want to see his arrogant scrawny as8 on their soil blabbin' his ego freak bullshlt......oh yeah, they want michelle there too to tell them all what and how to eat, just like she likes to do to us; like us, you see, they're just all too stupid to know what's good for them.....we've never seen the likes of these absolutley despicably narcissistic incompetent charlatans.....keep him, Israel!

Just hope he gets in a round of golf.  Every other reason for the trip is non existent.  He isn't a leader, most of the world knows he lies, so why waste our money.

Signed into law 12/29/12 by President Obama: A $642 billion defense budget authorization bill, H.R. 4310 includes text that would re-legalize the domestic use of propaganda in the United States. That is, the US Government would be free to straight-up lie in its media efforts to promote unpopular actions. Iraq and Afghanistan spring immediately to mind: arguably we've been lied to for years about both invasions and their outcomes.

After reading this article, I have came to the conclusion that Obama's trip to the mid east accomplished the same thing he has done for America the past four and 1/2 years.......nothing but a waste of tax payers money!

The only peril I see is not being able to influence by talking. So why is he going? He does nothing but blame and talk about how he sees the world.

The authoritarian secular regimes have been replaced with repressive theocratic regimes.  Their first war will be on their women, but when they get together, watch out Western World.

This is obamas first trip to Isreal since he took office, what exactly is he going to find differant???

Perils of his own making.He wanted it remade, he's got it. Radical Muslims stronger than ever.

I think I saw a drone outside!

End all foreign which is nothing more than welfare for freeloaders.Those of you from outside the USA and give me a thumbs down: here's some free advice: get a job and stop mooching from American taxpayers!

President Dunsel...

I feel so confident knowing we have a President who has no real world qualifications nor a documented past.

Ho hum.  Guess he got bored sitting around the white house doing nothing so decided to take another trip in the two 747's at $180,000 per hour each. Maybe he'll get another Nobel peace prize.

I think he should have his dark hoodie on over there....just in case in might come in handy...

Something seems phony about the label, commander in chief, and Barry Obama.

Obama agenda...Bow down America...I'll do what I want, too bad for you if I want to spend $1.2 bil of your money so fat #$%$ Moochelle and I do whatever we want.  Oh yeah, you communist bas turd? You'll soon find out how we react to this.

He sure has done a fine job. Maybe he can have a nice talk with a bunch of stinking muslims while he is there.A mess of his making.

Benghazi cover up continues. 33 people told to keep quiet that survived the attack and have not been heard from yet. Now new emails were uncovered so maybe Obama might have to come out with the truth or another story about the Americans who died and why he lied to us all in the beginning.

Obama and Kerry, seperate planes. For the sake of the economy couldn't they have plane- pooled to Israel.

Will they believe Obama there? Will he steal from taxpayers again and give more money to them?

Hope he has his Cliff notes with him at least ,he's playing with the big boys now .I hope Bibi treats him with the same respect he received last year.

I had to laugh and stop reading when he said Owebama's legacy

maybe he will find a permanent plot....er, place over there... they can keep him if they feed and take care of him.

Obama doing what he does best--blowing smoke up their butts.

This presidential job is very stressful for somebody unqualified to do it......

IMPEACH! IMPEACH! IMPEACH! IMPEACH! IMPEACH!More ring kissing and bowing I assume.  I this how ALL Kenyan's conduct themselves?

Just another day of his usual, lip service.

The Antichrist has been called the “Assyrian”.

aaaahhhhhh....run,it's Satan

He should recoginze the landscape, he helped bring the violence to all these countries.

Do not fool yourselves.He has help the muslim brotherhood gain power and control.He is going to see how his work has been going

why is it all about Obama's legacy? Where did the urgency go about the economy and how the American people are in dire straights with a deficit this idiot caused? If the foreign policies are not on his mind, why waste the money for all the travel? We are being screwed.

He makes me sick.

He thinks the world revolves around him and the MSM supports this - "Working" on HIS LEGACY!! Such importance....... He has yet to do what is right for THIS country as a whole. He's been great at dividing us along with vilifying successful people only wanting more of their $ to give it all away to others... other countries that hate us thinking he can buy his legacy it seems... Respect is EARNED, not purchased, however it seems he wants to rewrite that law also.............

And thus the incompetent thief stumbles through the minefield Hillary left behind.Is it possible these people will end up hating us even more?Gee it seems like nobody cares much for this guy . . makes you wonder how he got elected.

Obama has saddled the USA with much more debt than others in four years. Which side is he really on?

"On his second trip to the Middle East , President Barack Obama this week will confront a political and strategic landscape nearly unrecognizable from the one he encountered on his first trip to the region in 2009."And as he looks on at his success in helping the muslim brotherhood and Iran, he must hide his smile, in hopes of fooling the Israelies, like he fooled the Americans.

Netanyahu pretty much told him to go fuqe himself the last time, and I hope he does it again.

If Presiden Oakland makes a speech it would be wise to leave out...me, me, I , I my, me , me , me I, me, I, I , I. The Isrealis are not stupid liberals that believe Barrys B.S.

There ought to be perils for this bum.  Obama has run the nation into the ground, lacks respect for Israeli leadership, has no clue about how to lead and only knows destructive diplomacy.  His word means nothing.  And then the news service wonders why there are perils.

Commander in Chief  ?  He couldn't command a Troop of Gay Boy Scouts !

Maybe he'll decide to stay.

He'll suck up to the Muslims...after all they are all his homies

POTENTIALLY: this trip could either define his presidency in legacy terms or make it a BOMB.  or (more likely), it will just be a yawn, ho hum trip)God Bless America&amp; our strongest ally who has always stood with the USA Israel.The middle east is on FIRE with the radicalislamicnuts&amp; as we are under threat from N.Korea, Iran &amp; other crazies, please Lord help us the people of America survive the plans of evil by our elite elected &amp; the UN.

Juts another very expensive family vacation. Estimated costs are $16 million. Wow we could keep the Whitehouse tours for a long time with $16 million.

Does anyone else think it's strange that every time the congress and senate have to get serious about the budget this clown hops on AF1 and blows town spending millions of dollars playing golf?????

What chaos in Syria lol we along we our so called NATO allies/Saudi Arabia/Arab Emrite are the reason for the chaos as they run weapons into the country on I'm sure Israels defence.!!!

obama the messiah Spreadimg HIS Muslim Islamic message in Israel ?

This guy can't bring Americans together. What is doing on foreign soil????

Why is Obama afraid to speak in the Israeli Parliament when other foreign leaders including President Sadat of Egypt did? Why does he not bring his wife with him to Israel as she often accompanies him on visits to foreign nations? This a shabby way to treat our major strategic ally in the Middle East.

A fellow muslim

He should just stay there. After all he's got more in common with islam than America.

Middle East; I apologize for sending our idiot to visit you.One thing is certain: President Obama won't be embarassed by having to decline lobster for lunch on this trip.

Go get them Solomon Obama.

Are Obama voters dumb.....mis-informed.......stupid.....who voted for this activist???

How come Iran's closer to being nuclear? Didn't Obama do his job?

Our Manchild embarrassment.

Watch us all get along and the economy growUntil he gets back

In typical Obama fashion, when his country needs him the most to handle our current economic problems, he is be bopping through the Middle East on another Apology tour.  How much will this useless trip cost the American taxpayer?

How many   Federal JOBS would this Trip pay for ?

IMPEACH PRESIDENT OBAMA AS BARRY...

These are perils that obama has no idea how to deal with. How did this inexperienced jerk ever get to the head of America, it seems like a bad joke.do not aline us with the Muslims , it will spell destruction from above.must stay on the good side of Israel

there have been presidents that I have disagreed with but obama is the first president that I'm embarrassed to call president

"His sights appear set on building a legacy that, at least in the short term, is focused not on foreign policy but on the domestic issues that now drive the agenda in Washington." Since when has Obama ever cared about anyone but Unions and Blacks? What about jobs being #1, what happened to that?

"Remade" middle east? Not really. The Arabs are still insane, regardless of who leads them.

He has nothing to fear from the middle east. His friends and allies will welcome him. Now Israel might pose a threat though.

Finally, someone has the courage to tell mslims that today's Israel  was once  the homeland of Jewish people until Mohamed proclaimed to be a prophet and  forced the Jews out of what was theirs.Jews had every right to reclaim their homeland. They fought for it, and won!

Yea, he may have to back up his threats against Assad, doubt he will, hes only good at running his mouth.

maybe obama can visit the scene of HIS crime ? if obama stops in BENGHAZI and poses for photos - where 4 americans were MURDERED , maybe the media will pay attention

America once had Johnny Cash, Steve Jobs and Bob Hope. Now we have Barack Obama, no cash, no jobs and NO HOPE.

Israel represents a humiliation to the US.  Our charity and kindness has been used by the Israelis to create their brand of religious apartheid.  The Israelis simply do not share our American values, and not amount of pandering will change that reality.In other words he could care less what happens to Israel.  We turn a friendy Egypt into a militant islamist stronghold. We dont help rebels in Syria who has never supported our interests.  This is Obamas foreign policy sucess so far.  Is a nuclear Iran next?

Sounds like the Mideast Muslims don't like Obama anymore than we do!

I can't be blamed for anything , because I'm the TEFLON PRESIDENT.

what is the biggest challenge that will be faced by the next president of the united states?,...... getting the smell out of the white house,.....

Bring in the clowns

Obama in Jerusalem.............Oh, irony of ironies........

what's the problem, Obama helped to re-make it.

i would like for him to stay over there.we need a better president that can save america.mickey mouse comes to mind

"we've got your back"should be reassuring to  israel. they know damn well that obama is taking them on a snipe hunt and they'll be left holding the bag.

Stay over there you POS!!!Obamas foreign policy= ? Consistently  inconsistent, just like his economic policies.

He is with his people. Maybe he can spread some hope and change with the brotherhood. I would like to see him get out and visit the common folk in the villages

His only peril is that he is running out of people and countries to apologize to

The uninformed, led by the unknowing..........That's kinda like the blind leading the blindfolded///

Hope they put him in an isolation ward when he gets there.

Will he be going to Syria ?

Just take and drop him off, somewhere about mid-ocean.

Barry. . . the world sees you for who and what you do. It is only here in the United States you have a blind following. Putin did not even accept your first gift.

this guy is the lyin'est lyer...ruin the country and laugh all the way to some sort-of semi-religious demi-god retirement community with all the other snakes........

Obama has "perils" everywhere, not just in the Middle East, lol!Please don't give away any more of our hard earned tax dollars while you're there!

I wish they would quit using the title of Commander in Chief all the time.  I don't care what they say, he was never in a branch of the armed forces and that means no knowledge of military strategy.  Leave the military to the Joint Chiefs.

He's taken 47 vacations and only visted the Middle East once...and he's half Muslim?

God save people...In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ Amen.

maby they will keep him this time he likes it over there so much they sure can have him

i have never understood why we in the west, have to pronounce our arrivals and departures....doesn't it make it just that much easier to kill our heads of state....................................................just saying..........................................................

He is the laughing stock of the middle east the sissy in chief will likely get punked

Don't ask how the Arab Spring is working for you, ask how and why you worked for the Arab Spring.

Obama....even with his advisers....has produced one of the worst foreign policies &amp; THE WORST domestic policy ever hatched on American soil.It is unbelievable what inexperience produces.

It seems to me after reading all the comments that obama is a mess in the eyes of americans ....there is no doubt in my mind he is a disgraceDoes not plan to do anything??? So this is another jet fuel drinking golf trip to get away from the heat of a failed nation? Gee Barry, are you going to at least bow to a few of your #$%$ buddies?

Obama has NO CLUE!!

obama should take long strolls thru egypt and iran aswell as syria.....be sure to tell them you are from america  and take a american flag with you..

He might just get to test the beast against a mortor attack.

Is this a one way trip ?

Bigfoot is heading straight to Switzerland to start the vacation early.  obama will meet her there after the photo op in Israel.

Tanks, planes and cash to Isreals sworn enemy....Now Isreal will have to bomb the brotherhood and Iran.

Anyone and I mean ANYONE friend or foe who would take obama the bamboozler at his word or believe anything that he promises needs their heads examined.

"Obama's goals are to reassure nervous Israelis that the U.S. has their back"Obama has their back alright.  As he joins other muslim nations pushing Israel into the sea.

As usual, AP is concerned about Obama's image more than anything else. Obama's "wonderful" Arab Spring seems to have made the Middle East more dangerous and unstable. Each day it becomes more obvious that Obama, Clinton, and their leftist appointees have no idea what they are doing.Does he take the Whitehouse food taster with him?

"Thus, U.S. officials have set expectations low for the trip."Why is this treated as if it were something new?  They ALWAYS set the expectations low because otherwise they would actually have to accomplish something.

Well, well.. he helped ferment and create this new Muddled Yeast, and now will have to smell the consequences.

His legacy   " AII ABOUT ME"

We had to dumb down our schools for minorities and now we had to dumb down our gov. for the same reasons.

Gonna stop in Benghazi?

President Obama, please be careful that your plane doesnt get shot down, that would be terrible, please watch out for snipers, what would we do with out you, please dont drive over any IED's, that would be horrible. Please great leader of the ignorant, if anything happened to you how would anyone get free stuff. (Sarcasm)

Did he stop in Kenya to visit his family ?

what a shame this is the beat we can send over there ! BB whould tie him in a knot in the real world !boy meets man

The fact that some countries are allowed to have nuclear weapons and others are not allowed to have them is going to be an endless problem unless the UN can define why this is so.I would go with; no country that has a state religion will ever be allowed to have such technology because such ideology results in instability at critical times. Fanatics tend to see suicidal actions as not merely justified but desirable.Then I would stop worrying about Iran's efforts and figure out how to get Pakistan's away from them. They are easily the single greatest threat to world peace.When Obozo shows up I am it is hard for foreign leaders not to laugh out loud.  They must wonder the a great nation could have fallen so far to elect (twice) a neighborhood organizer who had never held a real jobs and zero experience, competence or intelligence.  Curious George Goes to Washington

In other words everything over there is just like everything over here - down hill sense HUSSIN has been elected. The only thing is where ever the "brotherhood" has taken over HUSSIN loves that part of the equation.

Oh yea...while we are at it,let's stop pounding hillary on the back for being soooo great...she left a frickin messs,RIP AMB Stevens....good luck with Egypt Kerry

I am so very glad Obama's spot on International diplomatic talent has done so much to bring peace to those poor, warring nations.

What the liberal media does not realize, is that once The Regime collapses because it cannot sustain itself, so does the liberal media collapse.They better begin asking some legitimate questions and not all this ambiguous easy-to-answer democrat fodder.

who's he gonna bow to this time?

obummer is just a closet muslime POS.

Obama is going to demand a return to the Oslo accords and a two state solution.

close down tours of the white house and send millions to the terrorist group the muslim brotherhood

The translation is someone talked OBUMBLENUTZ into peeing off RUSSIA and CHINA like no other idiot.. cept GW BUSH.. keep our jobs in CHINA clown and see what is coming soon.. 911 x 11,000,000,000....."Remade Mideast poses new perils for Obama on trip"..........Like having to actually demonstrate leadership and a working knowledge of foreign affairs.  LAUGHABLE!!!

The Washington Times: "..Where’s the concern? Seven Marines die and Obama tweets this picture of snack time..". "..While the president is tweeting about apples and political fights, the families of seven Marines tragically killed Monday in a training exercise aremourning their loss.The Syrian government accused rebels of using chemical weapons in an attack Tuesday.The House of Representatives has started debating its annual budget, while Mr. Obama’s budget is now seven weeks past the statutory deadline.Pope Francis I rode into St. Peters Square for his installation Mass. Vice President Joseph R. Biden was in attendance.Iraq is going through a wave of violence, with 53 dead at last report.The @WhiteHouse Twitter account has not been updated at all since Monday evening, nor has Press Secretary Jay Carney’s account.Mr. Obama needs to stop running political campaigns and start acting like the commander in chief and leader of the free world. And let kids visiting the Oval Office eat the M&amp;Ms...".At least he's consistent......consistently worthless.

HE'LL SCREW THAT UP TOO!

He helped ferment this new Muddled Yeast, and now will have to smell the consequences of Islamist infection.

A large order for a Rock Star. We should have sent a leader but we don't have one.

Obama wants to show the Israeli's the US "has their back"? Sine when has Obama had Israel's back? Is this something new from the newly bipartisan Obama? A chameleon for sure. He can change his color but underneath it is the same old Obama.

does anybody realize with o-but-hole in isreal and bite-me in rome, that johnny #$%$ as 3rd in command is in charge of america?..he should have them both impreached and fired and declare himself dictator

I wonder how much "Brass" in Washington and the Pentagon are worried that as soon as The Pres. Plane touches the ground that all the Arab idiots launch an attack ???I know I have a strange brain.

"Thus, U.S. officials have set expectations low for the trip. No new plan to bring Israel and the Palestinians back to the negotiating table. No big boost in assistance to the struggling Palestinian Authority. No new strategy for dealing with the chaos in Syria. No new outreach to Muslims like the one that was the centerpiece of his June 2009 visit to Cairo."So, he is going there, wasting tax payer's money again, WHY???  New golf course in Israel perhaps? What a sham!

"Gone are the authoritarian regimes and leaders in Tunisia, Egypt, Libya and Yemen"They will be back and with the help of the USA,The Obama 3 part foreign policy:1. Lies2. Cover ups3. Apology tours

Just wondering if 13 year old  Malia the princess Obama has returned the planes (AIR ONE &amp; TWO) she took to Mexico with her friends..or does the President need to fly commercial???

US Commander in Chief, President.....WHO?

Not much here to add about the dysfunctional President--the commentators seem to have it correct...Thumbs up to you all..

Only 2 times?... Weak!

The 300 million dollar trip

It was Obama's very appeasement speech 4 years ago, that helped make the mid east so unrecognizable.

SCREW the Middle east  and stop giving these GD foreigners OUR TAX DOLLARS ! I would rather the people of the USA  get what they need first ..Then send  a few dollars   if we have a few bucks to spare !

Obama is as much a danger to the Middle East as anyone or anything else.  His presence has been likened to a chemical weapon, his personality to a nuke.  Warfare follows where Obama leads.  He IS Bush III.  What happened to the anti-war crowd that received so much attention prior to the coronation of Obama?

I personally hope the stupid commie leach never returns! and Joe bidden takes his place! It would be cool to have #$%$ clown for presidentObama claims Israel is our closest ally. I guess that's why he's about to make his first visit there since becoming president. 4 years and not once did he go to Israel. It's obvious he was just too busy with his more important golf game.

And of course the article ends with its most ridiculous punchline "U.S. officials hope Obama's visit to Jordan will boost King Abdullah II's standing".

Don't worry, bammy will go in, smile at the cameras, make some long-winded teleprompter speech and consider that a huge win for his administration.  All he's actually concentrating on now is "fundamentally changing" America.  Nero fiddles........................

We are about to be embarrassed...again...(sigh)

In honor of Obama's trip, The Science Channel had a marathon of ''An Idiot Abroad'' last Sunday.

Obama will talk about American freedoms. Yet the Whitehouse tours are closed?

Obama has gotten exactly what he wanted, an Islamist takeover of once secular nations across the Middle East.  Notice how the only two times he ignored protesters were the democracy movement in Iran in 2009 and the demonstrations against Mursi's power grab.  Obama has supported Islamists from day one, he even armed them in Libya and Syria and who knows where else.

where's a palistinian mortar attack when you need it. I hope they keep Obama and never let him leave.

They hate him there.......and why isn't he staying here and trying to get things done in OUR country??????

If it proves too much to deal with Obama can always go golfing! Hey Tiger what are your plans?To any Obama supporter:If you were to write Obamas legacy what would it contain besides the fact hes Black, or half?

The only peril for President Obama and the nation is President Obama.

Yahoo should rename theirselves Obama propaganda firm.

His legacy...  will be one of shame, lies, and secrecy.  Secret detentions, secret drone wars, "Obamacare" and hidden tax increases.  The death knell of bipartisan cooperation and an end to political accountability.  Rights we used to have, dreams we used to have, debts we've never even approached in the 230+ years this country has existed.

"Thus, U.S. officials have set expectations low for the trip."thats ok , the U.S. CITIZENS have set expectations low for anything obama talks about , touches , or even just thinks about !

Ah... the man who won the Nobel Prize for Wishing for Peace is now returning to the Middle East where his policies have paid such wonderful dividends... like throwing allies under the bus in favor of new governments that are enemies... the complete breakdown of the entire area into virtual chaos and war... it's amazing to me how a Nobel Peace Prize winner can have so many different wars going on in the same region during his Administration.

Now that he has solved all the problems in america it's time for the world .

Obama has created the mess in the mid-east with his support of the Muslim Brotherhood and his financial support of the Islamic terrorists.

Obama has Israels back? really, by giving the Muslim Brotherhood over a billion dollars, F16 fighter jets and Abrams main battle tanks, If i was Israel I'd be nervous as well!

Mr Obama, what ever you are going to talk about, it will never materilize, they are made that way and no one will ever change their ideas. You want to bet.Every person who cares about America will be praying that he never comes back.

Obama supports the Arab Spring and the Syrian rebels using chemical weapons.

What a total joke! Building a foreign legacy...he already has one....."the worst president in our history".  Clear up his bad rep in Israel?  What about the one here?   Prove to Israeli's he has their back....he doesn't even have ours.  Improve relationship with Netanyahu.....Bebe should shun him like he did Netanyahu...  Joined by Kerry but no meetings set up with Kerry?  His presence makes it a double joke to the middle east.  Obammy and his dems are the reason most of the old leaders are gone and the new, violent ones are in control. That is what they wanted.  Since he will visit the land of his "Muslim Brotherhood" last, maybe he will decide to stay....we can only wish!!!! He, and Kerry, are as big a joke over there as they are here.  What a waste of money!  Israel knows better than to trust him.  Anyone with a grain of intelligence knows he can't be trusted.

If you push the Spring too much, it's liable to recoil and hit you in the face.

Remade middle east, got that right thanks to the neocons Wolfowitz Project for a New American Century and their marvelous plan to de-stabilize 7 countries in 5 years all for corporate profits.It started with their invasion of Iraq, only it backfired Iran is now stronger and gaining ground all over the middle east  including in Iraq and Syria.Now some more American soldiers are going to have to die to try and take care of the mess they created with their invasion of Iraq.

His "legacy". Forget all of us.

Mabye while hes gone we can move the US to where he cant find it.

Obama - inspire goodwill   -  gentle encouragement  - unwavering support ?   This guy is a cluster you know what?

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu sees Obama for who he is &amp; does not trust him..the PM is smarter than 50+% of the American people.  As long as Obama et al  continue to provide FREEBIES to those who have done NOTHING to earn them, he will be "THE MAN"!!!

Barry's only mission was to find another golf course to play on. Another vacation.'Gone are the authoritarian regimes and leaders in Tunisia, Egypt, Libya and Yemen' replaced by the muslim brotherhood, financed in part by American tax dollars. just one of the success stories of our dear leader and his minions. (the last part is sarcasm for all you 47%ers)

"Barack Obama’s intellectual sociopathy—his often breezy and sometimes loutish indifference to truth—should no longer startle.""Finally, consider this: Barack Obama, the man who lies as easily as breathing – a serial deceiver regarding his birth, his childhood, his education, his influences and associations, his religion, his... accomplishments, his policies, his true beliefs and his plans for America’s future. Barack Obama, the man whose entire presidency has been a seamless fabric of deception and duplicity."~ George Will

Satan's going sight seeing!

why are we wasting this time and our money when ObamASS could have just sent a drone like always???

Commander in WHOOO??? Shheeet!!!

I think the Jewish people will always remember that Hitler was a charming person.

Someone please kill him while he is over there...

What is Satan up to today?....i mean Obama

Obama the great Pretender.

I hope Netanyahu treats Obama as graciously as Obama treated Netanyahu every time he has visited us.  (Yes, that's sarcasm for you democrat morons out there.)so he gos over there and doesn't come back would any of us really care at this point in time

There is no easy answer in the ever present questions between Israel and the Palestinians.  Neither side is completely right or wrong.  Israel's right to its own self defense is beyond question, but so is the Palestinian's right to their own homeland.  The solutions to these problems involve both sides being willing to accept realities that they find impossible to acknowledge openly; the Palestinians and other Arab states would have to recognize Israel's existence and its rights as a sovereign country, but Israel would also have to accept the legitimacy of Arab claims to lands it insists are its own territory, and accept the right of its Arab neighbors to enforce their own sovereignty over their own borders.  Ego, pride, and prejudice are the greatest obstacles in this matter, not boundaries or security.

This impostor is a joke . Commander in chief? He is notyhing but  a windbag and an agitator and a racist .

America elected a fool......the best that can be hoped for is Air Force 1 to splash in the Atlantic.......and, Israel, you deserve what you get if you put ANY trust in that counterfeit SOB who is POUS.

ObamaPhone has Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on speed dial.ObamaPhone blocks calls from Benjamin Netanyahu.

Really? Two trips in four years? Methinks a president of a different party would be criticized for being "out of touch" with what our troops are facing. OTOH, there probably aren't many golf courses over there....

did he pack his koran and kneel rug?

stay there barry, you are worthless here

Obama is the one that has created this mess.  He is totally responsible regardless of the impression that his cheerleaders in the news media are trying to create with garbage like this story.

This president is an anti Semite and Muslim lover his father was a Muslim when it pakistanhe was a Muslim once a Muslim always a Muslim . Why do you think the Muslim majorstill hasn't been court Marshall and executed yet. Everything he does is pro Muslimgiving advanced armor and planes to Egypt and none to Israel.The Kenyan will go nose to nose with the "Arab Spring" that he celebrated.Lovely. Libya, Egypt, Syria all in fiscal ruin and civil unrest. He sponsored this in cahoots with his Muslim Bro Hood  Boys.  I hope the Moron gets an eyefull and picks one of those countries without extradition treaties soon as his forwarding address.

Keep the TRAITOR.

did you hear israel had to set up new missle prtection from syria for his visit.yeah the same "syrians" hes giving all our money tolmao

Mr. President, where are the jobs you promised?

Don't remake them let them be,,, stop spending money for a lost cause.

I'm sure he went kicking and screaming.  It's not a good place for him, nor is North Korea etc etc etc etc.  This is what an elected President job is, not handing out food stamps to 51 million Americans.  Amazing this group is was re-elected.

Millions to Israel. Billions to Pakistan, Afghanistan, and Egypt. But Barack Obama likes Israel?

The whole world laughs at this clown. The word 'leader' is sooo stretched when I think of what a lousy, lousy, lousy job this man has done for us, on EVERY front!... The word 'traitor'  and 'sellout'  are much more apt ...

Maria news flash you are helping nobody

Now numb nut is canceling EASTER EGG HUNT and bolting for Isreal.  This evil president should be wearing a hoody.He doesn't have a clue. He just went to kiss Muslim behinds.

Obombya is in town...yaaaay!

democrat = r:e:t:a:r:d

I have a question for you all.  When the constitution was adopted in 1788, who had the power to regulate firearms?

he is no longer beholden to the whims of voters? The POTUS job is to represent the American people

Since the media will NEVER hold him accountable for anything, there is no peril.

Low expectations are the hallmark of ohbahaha... a joke when he started a complete idiot on his way out...

Why is everything so damn drama filled with this d[ic]k..... The media ALWAYS sets the bar so low for this toole of a president!Anybody else notice that this d[ic]k has made foreign and domestic issues wdorse than when he came in???BUT NONE OF IT IS HIS FAULT! IF YOU DON'T BELIEVE THAT JUST LISTEN TO THE MEDIA!Funny how when the media puts out lies in other countries, our media calls it propaganda..... But, when it happens here it's the truth......

This site is monitored. It won't allow news about Obama to be posted. It might make him look bad. Or evil, is a better word. I read on another site that he's going there to have a treaty signed for a 2 state solution. Just like in revelation.

The Assyrian Empire was known to have conquered eastern Africa all the way down to KenyaMr President, AMERICA has NO RESPECT FOR YOU , and ISRAEL has EVEN LESS RESPECT FOR YOU !

With any luck someone with a brain will revoke president Obama and vice president bidens visas while they are out of the country.

" Gone are the authoritarian regimes and leaders..."You gotta be pullin my doodle!

"Need I say more ? , I'm the best BULLSHI77er on the PLANET !!!!.

What is the name of the President of the United States?  Only in America.

that's a fact, Harry......

His own doing. As Colin Powell said " you break it, you own it." Now the Muslim Brotherhood and Al Qaeda have command of most of the ME and North Africa, except for Iran, great foreign policy, Carter is envious.

For all the blame Bush gets for starting an illegal war in Iraq, he should be credited, not Obama, for altering the landscape in the Middle East.  Losing dictators in Tunisia, Egypt, Libya and Yemen, and possibly Assad benefits everyone.  Bush should be credited with these positive gains.  Granted, Bush only did it because his masters Cheney and Israel told him too.If Bush and the US wanted to help the US on the cheap, they could just stop supporting Israel and let that country fall, then EVERYONE in the Middle East (minus the Zionists), actually, in the world would be better off.

Nothing new, just greater risk of someone actually laughing at him to his face!

Th emoney obozo is spending on this trip could be better used at home, Air Force 1 costs $188,000.00 per hour to useTh emoney obozo is spending on this trip could be better used at home, Air Force 1 costs $188,000.00 per hour to use

The approval rating do not appear to high in the u.s.a. As well...

Definitely looks like obuma, half white half dark chocolate.

Prior to 2009, this part of the world knew where they stood with the US. Now dysfunction here, dysfunction there.

Instead of concerning himself with his legacy how about he do something positive for the country?

He should be called the prevaricator in chief.

Obama a fake and fraud, and all the idiot liberals fall on their faces to kiss his communists toes.

He looks as if he is in deep thought. Wondering what lies he can get them to believe

………’.As U.S. commander in chief, President Barack Obama’………..That phrase just doesn’t sit well with me.

The only tings that the Lyin King, Obama Bin Laden, recognizes are spending, taxes and vacations. Everything else is a complete mystery to him.I used to eat perills as a kid. They were yummy. Remember those candies?

What 'peril'? Was his favorite golf course bombed or filled with landmines?

Hopefull the perils will consume him...

let him stay with his muslim friends.

Could Obozo ever do the Honorable thing for America, RESIGN? He's just horrible for America.

food taster,... really?!?!? what a f(U)(C)king coward!!!!

Tell Israel we will take care of them and be there for them like we took care of Benghazi..

I wonder if the White House calls all the women Obama has been sexually involved with in his life to tell them to keep quite about his previous "Barry Soetoro" phalanx prowess...

lmao he's clueless !!!

Will Obama take his food tester with him and wear a bullet proof vest?oboma WORST PRES. EVER,GOD HELP US.

Lets hope he stays over there. He can't balance a budget here.

the imperial jackass taking our hard earned money to give to some poor islamic country so they can keep killing each other and more americans and christians and the Jewish people, wnt a nice person he is while americans and our senior citizens and vets are in need

It is a world his incompitance has made!!

Why would I read the article, the Comment section has more information.... You can't tell one obama article from the others now.. same ole #$%$ just another day!

One of the things I've noticed about the Slobbering Obumer Media? They have no problem calling Obumer Commander and Chief. But they will be the first to critize the Military and back removing money from the Defense Department. I'll bet...... If one looks up the history. Obumer has been called Commander and Chief more times then the Slobbering Media called Bush Jr. Commander and Chief.

Iran is still at it.  N Korea is stronger now than when O'Bama took office.  O'Bama it's all your fault.  Come back George, please come back.

Maybe he'll get KILLED overseas and END STUPIDITY?! Sorry, then Joe Biden would take the STUPIDITY reins and MORE DISASTERS would Follow.

Why is OBozo sticking his ugly nose In Israel's business?   Hope they tell our EgoManiac Dicator to go to Hell.  He has the Diplomatic Skills of a tree stump.  Actually, he has NO skills of any kind.

Failure in Chief at it again, now he wants the rest of the world to enjoy the same failure that we Americans enjoy under his reign.Obama is a greasy rag; the more you apply it to something, the better mess it makes.

Israel is our most loyal friend and ally in the area. Yet as President Obama has never visited them. I think we all know why.

a "remade mideast poses perils", well obama made it this way

obama better hope his teleprompter arrives in one piece!!!

Gosh, I hate seeing this guy in front of a sign that says....AMERICA

The wolf in sheep's clothing is off again on one of his tours.

The only people that hate Obami more than the Jews are the Americans.

Perils??   Oh please God, PLEASE!!

All that will come from this visit is more hatred of America.

Let America PRAY that they keep this evil monster over there. He is one of them so he needs to become a dictator over there instead of in America. May he stir up as much trouble over there as he has over here. Then see what happens.Kpr, Obama attacks his enemies and then thinks he can work with them afterwards? He made Israel his enemy when he told them to give up their borders they won in war. If they do this, they leave themselves vulnerable to attacks by their enemies. Obama knew this, but he doesn't care about Israel. He wants to help further the muslim cause just like he said he would.

he should have no problem recognizing the place...him and his muslim brotherhood are the one's bringing all the changes.

Matters little.  He doesn't know his #$%$ from a hole in the ground anyway.  That includes both foreign and domestic affairs.

Obama will have to be on his best behavior as many of the mid eastern countries consider a man messing around with another man a capitol offense,

That's what happens when you talk out of both sides of your mouth.Those people aren't stupid and your no wiz kid except in your own mind.

What difference does it make, he is just going to lie to them like he lies to us.

Make sure you steal a little money from israel, so we can send it to the muslim brotherhood in Egypt......cause that's a great idea...ya know, funding our enemies and all,,,,

He may be confronting a political &amp; strategic landscape that is unfamiliar which is exactly how anyone looking at this country must feel because it surely doesnt look or appear like what the United States "USED TO BE"!!!!!!!!!

Just taking a little trip to go and visit his buddies in the Middle East!

Hopefully someone over there will "take care of business" for us We don't have any real men left over here. (Except Mr. Smith and Mr. Wesson)Here we go.  The Anti Christ is headed to the temple in Jeruselum on March 22, 2013.  Nightmare for all of us.  This is the date the Bible gives for the begining of the Abomination of Desolation.  322 is the secret number of the Masonic group "Skull and Bones".  NWO.  RFID chips date release also.  Maybe that is the Abomination of Desolation?

Hey Obama...take loud mouth Sharpton with you. Maybe you'll both get a bullet...can only hope

Remade Mideast poses new perils for Corrupt Illegal Muslim Dictator Obama on trip

Obama is the peril!!!

he cant or wont help America. but he will pump more money to foreigners,what a way to lose our country .we need all new politicians the ones we have have no clue

And the Idiot in Chief is off on yet another pointless trip at our expense.

Wanna be there is no mention made by Obama of what a great accomplishment the Arab Spring was while in talks with Netanyahu.  I hope Bibi rips him a new one for our hand in that mess especially with it now spilling over into Lebanon.  Yeah Barry you and Hillary ought to be proud of the mess they helped create!How long will it be before the now reported chemical weapons get into the ands of Hezbollah and fired at Israel?

keep him!

waste of time and taxpayer money...the only upside would be if some terrorist #$%$ shoots the lying basturd...then we can have a real war...

Ovomit is a cluelesss loser.Ovomit is a cluelesss loser.

" obama: a #$%$ poor excuse , for a pres of the U.S.A.

Maybe a Palastinian or an Isreali will help us all.

This idiot is going to break this country.  There he goes off to the Middle East and spending afew more millions.  Did he take the she-man with him? I hope they keep him there, but return Air Force One to us in one piece.

The middle east that was a cesspool when Obama took office is a cesspool today. No change since Reagan, but some how this is a political peril for Obama.

Hey Obama: You made your bed, NOW LIE IN IT!

Why is America helping the muslim brotherhood when their leader has spoken out against Isreal?looks like obozo is arming the muslim brotherhood against Isreal.

The Middle East will always be a problem.  However, Obama has only made things worse.  Obama hasn't a clue on what to do.

Please STAY!!!!

Let's hope he doesn't start bowing, kissing butt, and apologize to every Tom, #$%$, and Abdul over there this time. Unless it will help him gain citizenship to one of those #$%$ holes and he decides to stay.Let's hope he doesn't start bowing, kissing butt, and apologize to every Tom, #$%$, and Abdul over there this time. Unless it will help him gain citizenship to one of those #$%$ holes and he decides to stay.

As U.S. commander in chief, President Barack Obama, where were you when Benghazi was under attack? 4  Americans dead under your watch. Anyone else would have been in prison by now. You and your teleprompter help set up what you are facing on this trip. Good Luck.

Obama, as much as we the people don't want you there, you need to stay in the House more.  No more trips, fancy dinners, celebrity parties.  I would say do your job but that's not gonna happen.

Obama out of the White House again. I guess he just can't stand his wife. Or someone used the 4 letter word he can't deal with. WORK

More millions of wasted taxpayer dollars!  How disgusting!

I think Israel will recognize him as the  Great Messenger of the Evil One.

Our communist in chief on a mission to screw Americans again, yahoo propaganda at its best.

Yah, he's going to a place that hates America more since he took office, that's what you call leading by the golf course, and caught in a sand trap.

I thought He was just there short of  a month ago and this time going again! Where are they getting he was there last in 2009! This guy rides around in Air Force One saying he is going there, but where was it he went before this next time? To his  Muslim friends and Bro in Egypt?

How is that Arab Spring workin out for you ?what an ABSOLUTE LIE! OVOMIT PUT THE MUDSLIME BROTHERHOOD IN POWER IN THESE NATIONS, INTERFERING WITHOUT CONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL. too bad they still dont have any respect for the wimp in chief. ITS HIS CONSEQUENCE, LET HIM SUFFER IT!!!!!

The Israeli people ought to take this opportunity to let the Obummer know what they really think of him !!!

just another obama photo-op, attempting to dis-spell the notion that he doesn't like Jews.

He is no longer beholden to the whims of the voters-that just about says it all!

Its all bush fault right idiot

Maybe they will keep him, and save our country. :D

The "new perils" President Victim must "confront" are largely of his own making.  He all but supported the Muslim Brotherhood in overthrowing a US-friendly Egyptian government, snubbed Israel time and again, winked at the violent demise of Qaddafi (who had posed no threat to the US for decades) and sat by watching as Iran ramped up its nuke program.

Obama was asleep in the white house and awoke to see Washington's ghost.  He asked, "George, how can I make this country better?" Washington said, "Be honest with the people like I was."Obama went back to sleep and awoke again this time to Thomas Jefferson and asked, "Tom, how can I make this country better?"  Jefferson said, "Love the constitution like I did."Again Obama fell asleep and awoke this time to Lincoln and asked, "Abe, how can I make this country better?" Lincoln replied, "Go see a play."

Bill Maher the guru of the liberals did a 360 on taxes ,Iraq war and big gulp soda..Hes jumping ship before Obama sinks the Dem/Lib. party ship

"low expectations " = the barack hussein obama Track RecordThe president makes so many peace trips.yet here at home their is anger anixiety over a hi unemployment rate even with the trickery of the numbers,we are hurting.i always believe you can not help other when you do not have your own house in order.pull our troops out of all countries who hate us and stop sending money and arms.they will only be used against us.like fast and furious..and paxistan ,syaia and afganastan.we have many poor in this country who do not want or need food stamps but wlecome jobs.that never come.

I heard he's going to the Mideast to give away Obama phones.

Obama's incompetence poses new peril.

The food stamp president traveling the world.

Mr. President, its OK now to talk about Fast &amp; Furious!

What Obama faces is what he has made in the Middle East by his policies

The political and strategic landscape of the Middle East ought to look unrecognizable to Mr. Obama. He ignored the problems in Israel, Egypt, Libya and Syria for his first four-year term so while he sat on his hands three Arab countries have been though serious turmoil without U.S. help.

The AP says, "Jewish people's millennia-old connection to the land that is now Israel". It has been Israel since before the time of King David, roughly 3,000 years ago!

I wonder if this change of heart had to do with the new Pope. Obama needs attention he is a celeb

If he inspires goodwill among people in the mid-east, like he inspired it here, we'll have World War III in no time.Just keep feeding them weapons and cash, like we always do.....

wonder whom he will whisper sweet nothings to do this trip, being he is so transparent.

Apologize for rotten America tour, part two.

barry is way over his head in this matter!!!

Just remember, Obama.  The Government is in Sequestration now - the forced cutting of spending across the board, something YOUR OFFICE authored.  So there's only enough money to fly you TO the Middle East, NOT back.  Enjoy your new home.  Oh, that's right.  You're FROM THERE.

With a little luck one of those countries will elect him president and he will reseign and stay! OH, but do not let him do that because we have a blooming idiot behind him.

We used to stand for something, now we stand for nothing. Even when we were wrong we were united, now even if we're right we're divided. This President isn't all to blame, alot of the blame is ours, but it's his legacy that will forever remind us that when the world needed our leadership the most we sat on the sidelines, we watched, we failed. Now our kids get the torch that nobody can see, and I pray that they are better than we were and that they find something we can stand for again.

I bet the Rabble Rouser in Chief doesn't visit a 'Brotherhood' controlled Country.Even though he's the one that installed them!

"The debate of my Affordable Care Act will be aired on CSPAN five days before the Congressional vote is taken".      Dec 14th 2009 through November 20 2010 it never happened-

Middle East leaders look at the despot from the Americas and wonder why they should respect him when thinking Americans, who care about their own kid's financial future, have no respect for him.Our illustrious Usurper in Chief in the White House will arrive in Israel for “negotiations” with the prime minister with a list of demands and detailed list of objectives that must signal the formation of a two state solution. Will Bibi Netanyahu fall for his demands? We will see...it is mentioned that Obama will ask for a “treaty.” Say what? That’s what was said. Like a treaty mentioned in Revelation? Obama is going to demand a return to the Oslo accords and a two state solution. Stay tuned, as we will see.

March 5th 2008-"Five trillion dollars is what Bush has done , and that is just plain UNAMERICAN"

Remade? It's still a hell hole and always will be.

Who's he going to apologize to on this trip?

If something positive becomes of this trip 0bama will use the big I did this, if it turns to #### it will be Bush's fault

Sounds normal: no new plans, just another vacation for Obama.

Well, BHO's confusing performance this far in his presidency bodes no great promise for a legacy that identifies him as anything other than... the wrong man, in the wrong place at the wrong time, introducing ruination of the USA. And then, out of nowhere, Ben Carson!

maybe that oval office nitwit should have gone for another round of golf with his body tiger. WOULD DO A LOT LESS DAMAGE TO THE COUNTRY

Obama helped remake the Middle East into his likeness... autocratic and Islamist.

I hope his steely stare works as well on that part of the world as it did on his own countrymen.yahoo is a puppet of the federal goverment

Whats he going there for anyway. No one wants him there, not even his buddies the muslims.  Guess He and moochelle want a vacation from the riggors of not working at home!

Many people are serious when they say Obama is the Antichrist. I’m not there, yet. He is anti-God, anti-Bible and a reported closet homosexual. On top of that he was raised Muslim and favors the nation of Islam. Is his game to deceive the masses by saying that he is, a Christian. That is one of Islam’s goals to lie to the infidel until ready to strike him down. This all adds to support their position, but I stand watchful and saddened to have such a man in our White House, but the possibility has always existed in my mind that is the reason the USA is not mentioned by name in Scripture.

He is going to do background checks for all the Muslims needing weapons.

new perils for obama?????his idiocy caused most of this!will the media EVER stop sucking up to this fraud?

I wish they would just keep him...  He's part of the Muslim Brotherhood anyway...

Just another photo op for the Pretender in Chief.

Clueless one making a trip to see the carnage his foreign policy created.

Air Force One needs to be sequested.

All of the destruction and chaos he will find in the Middle East has HIS fingerprints all over it so it should be easy to recognize.  He should just stay there with his puppetmaster Netanyahu.If we continue to fight about left and right, (not only are we tools) we never get to right and wrong.

mr president you should have been more careful of what you wished for.

Is anyone actually watching what this little weasel does and says when he is with our sworn enemies????besides his puppets ????

3 years under him and its all went to chyt.................kinda like our country.

smoke and mirrors.....smoke and mirrors........Pretty sure he has as many enemies there as he does here, and they all know there that he's just blowing smoke up their  (a)sses......This is nothing but a "How you like me now" visit.

Obama -The pied Piper  of loser misfits ,,,, I hope a rocket lands on his nappy head !

The trip should be great for him, it is all partly due to to him.

O'bumbler will return with even less than he had before the trip.

and they say...SHOW ME THE MONEY....while Obama takes it from Americans to give it to the Middle East.

I'v tried to be nice ? But so far Obama has only Failed at every thing ! a fact .I'm not a raciest , just realist ? I would love to see some thing about the Nation , that's good.I'm kinda fed up with story about Gloriest Leader Traveling ??? LOLShouldn’t we just be focusing on who is NCAA Tournament picks are?

I grew up in a black section of town (25yrs) and I can tell you Obozo has no love for America,hes just dancing around as long as possible to stay in power and enjoy the benefits

We better have Israel's back for those who dont will reap the wrath of God very soon...the Bible...

Obama will never get peace in the middle east he does not like Israel and they do not like him

Obama is thinking-"I gotta look serious...I gotta act like I care....God I love photo ops.."

maybe the Israelis can talk obama into Letting the Benghazi Survivors Testify about the 4 americans MURDERED because obama / clinton had an anti american AGENDA ?

You were proud parents after your daughter got the job as bank teller. But your daughter was one of four killed during a robbery. Other bank employees, who witnessed the shooting, survived. But you are shocked after learning the bank president told them to keep their traps shut. Furious, you go to the bank. As usual the president is playing golf. So you storm the office of the bank VP. He responds: ”What difference does it make?” Your last resort is the local media. They couldn’t care less. How would you feel? The same as the families of Chris Stevens, Sean Smith, Glen Doherty &amp; Tyrone Woods. It’s been SIX MONTHS since the Benghazi attack. There are over two dozen survivors. Pardon my French, but where the hell are they? Sen. Lindsey Graham on Fox News: “They can’t come forth, they’ve been told to be quiet.” Okay, so where the hell is the media? Silly me, a Republican isn’t president. Time for our Congressmen &amp; Senators to know we want answers! Four families, as well as all Americans, deserve the truth.

What exactly are President Obama's priorities?  The US, Economy, Pakistan, Foriegn Aid, what?

No Easter Egg Roll because Obama spent it with celebrities and on golf trips traveling around on our dime. Now he won't let us into the White House. Sounds more like a dictator than any President of The United States.

Obama can explain to them why he gives $1.3B/yr in miltary aid and advanced weapons to the muslim brotherhood.Gone are the authoritarian regimes and In are the Muslim Brotherhood ,Obama's favorite rulers .

Foreign policy recklessness is just the beginning with this idiot.

tell it like it is or shut up, this is his first trip ever to Isreal.  Ever been there before, been to all the countries around it but not to Iseral, never.

Like this Dictator would know.peril or no peril?He has no clue,The Muslim Brotherhood rules the WH,look at the countries they have ruined.

Barry Hussein = Epic Fail

This is nothing more then a photo shoot. Promises he will never keep.

there are different standards for black presidents.......just like in the job market, and every other pursuit in life....and actually, Obama is EXCEEDING his...

stop wasting our TAXPAYERS money on your useless travelling..............CALL HIM ON THE PHONE...thats what the phones are for

"The goodwill Obama hopes to inspire is expected to be accompanied by gentle encouragement of Israelis and their leaders to be more sensitive the new realities of the region and not take actions that provoke or irritate the very people with whom they desire better ties."Remember this is the kind of nonsense that got Obama the Nobel Prize. He didn't even deserve the prize out of a CrackerJacks Box.

Maybe they will keep him!!!King Nebuchadnezzar has arrived!

The middle east of his making don't you mean? The most violent understand that they couldn't have done what they have done without his lies.

Guess what it's Mr Arab Spring's own fault! obama touted how great the arab spring was going to be and how it was going to make the middle east a better place..LOL well obama how do you like it NOW!!!!

twenty years of listening to reverend wright's antiamerican and antisemitic rants must have had an effect on obama. don't recall him uttering one word of protest.

Obama's policy on Bengazi-Failure !

The truth, from the bbc........uhhuh, that's believable

Funny, isn't it. The economy is still phuuuuucked, (thanks to him) no jobs, no budget, gun legislation, and the coward runs off to his muSLIME brethren.

In that pic hes on the 18th hole, its a par 5 and hes contemplating whether to lay up or go for the green...

Guess who’s coming to dinner?

I thought Obama was busy playing Satan in the Bible movie.Why don't Obama stay on permanent vacation its what he does best, that and steal all he can from Americans.

'On his second trip to the Middle East as U.S. commander in chief, President Barack Obama this week will confront a political and strategic landscape nearly unrecognizable from the one he encountered on his first trip to the region shortly after assuming office in 2009.'Which underscore what a lousy job he has done while in office!  No leadership in the white house, just empty suits!

little barry soetoro reminds me so much of the little colored boy with big ears who used to pester the sh(I)t out of everybody in elementary school by constantly saying, "gib' me a dolla',....",...

Last time Obama went to the Middle East he was apologizing for America and capitalism...the same capitalism that is paying for the 6.5 Trillion dollars he has added to the National Debit!

$1.4 Billion spent on this POC imposer and his milking family, friends and staff last year. The Brits royal sponges only cost them just over $500 Million. Maybe we could work a trade.

How many billions will this trip cost the US tax payers??And, aside from that, does Odumbo know he doesn't get frequent flyer miles for every trip he and/or Moochelle take on Air Force One??

Was the Benghazi Attack a botched kidnapping to trade Ambassador Stevens for the Blind Sheik, Omar Abdel-Rahman — the spiritual adviser to the 1993 World Trade Center  bombers?  Did Barack Obama make arraingements with the Muslim Brotherhood to kidnap the Ambassador in exchange for the Blind Sheik?  And why did US Officials deny three requests for reinforcements during the Benghazi Attack, and operators were ordered to stand down?  And why was a video blamed for everything?

Maybe Odumbo should just stay in DC so he doesn't really screw things up!! - - The idiot!!!

Poor maria so eager to show off her ignorance .She must be proud of the fact she is ignorant

Would like to have results of investigations on Benghazi and Fast &amp; Furious.  Why are the Benghazi survisors being hidden?Everywhere this guy goes, he creates chaos. The Mideast is more volatile than it's ever been because of his incompetence.

This clown CRAVES approval and so with his numbers falling at home, he goes looking for it abroad. Pathetic. Actions speak louder than words Mr. President.

Wouldn't it be great to have NO ONE SHOW UP TO GREET THIS POS !!! might deflate his ego !!

"...he is no longer beholden to the whims of voters."  Yeah, like he ever WAS.

Hey, not to worry, obama will be able to straighten everything out just by his magnifisence, if you don't believe it, just ask him.

Taking his comedy tour on the road. All he needs is biden to join him.

No new plan. No big boost. No new strategy. No new outreach.Then why is he over there wasting precious tax dollars?It's not like they're famous for their golf courses.

No longer beholding to the whims of the voters, sounds about right. The other countries got rid of their dictators, now its our turn.

What? .. the cheerleader for the "Arab Spring" is now surprised at how destabilized the region has become?

Buffone!  The clown in Italian.He should just stay over there

Two alligators were sitting around talking, and the smaller alligator turned to the bigger one &amp; said, 'I can't understand how you can be so much bigger than me. We're the same age; we were the same size as kids. I just don't get it.''Well,' said the big gator, 'what have you been eating?''Democrats, same as you,' replied the small gator.'Hmm. Well, where do you catch them?''Down the other side of the lake near the parking lot at the WalMart in Charlotte'Same here. Hmm. How do you catch them?''Well, I crawl up under one of their cars &amp; wait for one to unlock the car door. Then I jump out, grab them by the leg, shake the (s)hit out of them and eat 'em! ''Ah!' says the big alligator, 'I think I see your problem.. you're not getting any real nourishment. See, by the time you finish shaking the (s)hit out of a Democrat, there's nothing left but an (A)sshole..

obama and Hillary encouraged the islamist revolution.  Now they have to live with it.  Anyone with the least bit of intelligence could have forsaw what would happen in a power vacuum in the middle east.  Either obama and hillary wanted to have islamist radicals in power or they were just extremely ignorant.

The President needs to resolve the problems right here and stay out of other countries business.

looks like the devil is going back to the holy land.i wonder if he packed his hoodie.

He wont have his tela prompter-were in  big trouble

Joe Biden can run the country. Obama can stay in the middleeast with hisbuddies.....excluding Israel. Please Joe........take over and save the nation.

Gee, all his old friends in the middle east are gone. Maybe they will make him the new president of Syria. Then he can just stay over there. Only bad thing would be..Then we would have a real jokester take over as President here.

Once again our fearless leader is "jeting off" to save the world.....we are so luckyto have such a great statesman in the oval office. Who voted for this guy???????2014,2016.

hey when Obozo leaves we'll turn off the lights and when he returns he'll think no one homes and he'll go awayWe can only hope and pray, for the next 4 years.

Propangada outlet for the Emperor and his stooges.

" Having run his last race as a political candidate, he is no longer beholden to the whims of voters. "  The writer describes him perfectly,,, That's exactly what he thinks of us

PLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESE    DONT COME BACK    !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Should have carried Dennis Rodman.....couldn't be any worse than Obama.

Ohh oh , what did we did wrong now! Our President is going on his  apology tour again. Shake hands with all his Muslim friends .

Hang onto him for a while, it will save millions in golf!

The same chickenchit posters posting the same chickenchit as usual.

fraud-in-chief is more like it.. thanks democrats and lazy people

Obama is finally going to have a first-hand look at the mess he's made.It's amazing how obama always has business out of the country when something questionable pops up. Such as hillary's hacked email's about Benghazi.

Obama has no new plans for producing a budget and world affairs as well as improving the economy. He will just go through the motions for the next 4 years of doing NOTHING.

how perilous

Obama's overt, odious stance on Israel's position in the middle east and world order in general, has given Americans whose values are entrenched in Israels right to exist in peace pause as to whether Obama has any right to lead ANY nation, let alone America!

There is nothing American about that ovomit turd.

Great!!!   Take our guns away from us-------and give them to the Muslim Brotherhood.....

hopefully.................

The Obamanation.  Ruining the world one country at a time.

Low expectations for trip. Why not use taxpayers money and pick up the phone. Now is the chance for Netanyahu to snub obama just as he was. Again another taxpayer junket and photo op......

This is nothing but a long distance photo op for his future library.I wonder what the horse's asz thinks he can accomplish over there.  As near as I can tell nobody cares what he thinks and nobody fears him accept our friends and allies.  He is just putting on another silly show and wasting millions more American tax dollars.

Geesh this article makes it sound like Utopia over there when in all actuality it is a hot bed of terrorist and upheaval....thanks to that Arab Spring movement headed by Obama...Guess this region is getting their Hope and Change via Obama...

Must have put the title with the wrong article.  I saw no discussion of any perils to Obama.  He is safer among his Brotherhood than he is in this country.

obama going to Israel is like saying pelosi  will run thru hell with gasoline shorts on......

Don't Come Back!

Gone?!? Then why are we still there?

I hope that Mr. Soetoro is going there to do some listening and not a lot of talking.

ISRAEL ... Remember one very important thing ... THE SOB LIES ABOUT EVERYTHING.

GBush Sr defeated the world's 4th strongest military in 100 hours, and achieved surrender treaty.  Hussein violated that treaty often. GBush Jr defeated Hussein again, captured him alive and successfully fended off insurgency.  Iraq built a democratic government.  Obama's ONLY task was to create a peace treaty.  Today, there is more death in Iraq than ever during either Bush.

Obama is going to Israel to lie to them about him having their back then head to the muslim nations to bow and give them more American tax dollars and weapons we have borrowed from china to blow Israel off the map and kill our American soldiers.Makes you wonder what our Chicken Little President is going to say to throw us under the bus.  With his never wrong mind set he may not be able to bully the world press...

Now that I have a better look at his photo, he does resemble the Devil.

"Unrecognizable since his first visit"...I don't know how that could be, the area hasn't changed much in 2000 years, just different people killing each other because they don't believe the same...same stuff, different terrorists.

so obama is doing what he does every day, that is to blow smoke up everybody's #$%$ and be self serving.

So how is that middle east working for you? Remember the one you said that you would hold out your hand too.

Obama's ineptitude created this mess and he now owns it. I wonder how many American boys are going to die in the future due to this failed president?

Did you ever notice how Obama always stops in Chicago to pick up friends before he goes somewhere? Before he went golfing with Tiger, he stopped in Chicago and picked up friends. Before Israel, he stopped in Chicago to pick up friends. There isn't any money for children to see the White House, but there's plenty for Obama to pick up friends to enjoy travel on Air Force One and accommodations paid for by the tax dollars!

Keep walking.. and STAY OUT

Obummer=failed internationally and failed domesticallyfar worse the bush jr

ok the US is complaining about no money so why does Obama go to Israel instead of  conferencing with technology and Biden has to go see the Pope. OMG how much money  did that just cost, #$%$.Not content with destroying America, obummer is out to destroy the whole planet!!

@ Gary...Awesome post !

Do you remember when Barry said; "Retreat to the '67 Borders?'  I hope they treat him like poo when he gets to the Middle East.....

reluctantly fulfilling his obligation to the goldman sachs tower.

I'm sure he will find a way to send millions more to our enemies while slapping Israel in the face.

Now give him another NOBEL PEACE prize please.

"a moribund Israeli-Palestinian peace process".  Yup, it is like Rip Van Winkle.  100 years from now is will be the same discussion.  Totally borning topic.  It is like two old ladies arguing with each other.

Why don't we just focus on America before we get involved in other countries' affairs.

From a Political point, this trip was a waste. Neither Netanyahu nor Abbas  care for much of The Presidents "Goodwill"

Two problems I have with this, first...he is traveling again on tax payers expense and he is standing in front of the word "america"....in which he doesnt represent!There he goes off on my jet again.  Stay home and use the phone. Give me a call.  I'll be happy to keep you up to date on where to get some common cent's.

Anthing that Owebama attempts has a low expectation except the destruction of the USA

"Thus, U.S. officials have set expectations low for the trip." I'm pretty sure expectations about EVERYTHING obama touches are low!  Well unless you are Chris Matthews and get a tingle up your leg just looking at our dictator!

Hope the next president is an American Partiot

I have been listening to obama now for more than 5 years. I have now come to the conclusion that Mr. obama does not know what the Hell is going on at any one time. This P.O.S. is totally out to lunch.

why is he going?  it is symbolic for himself to act like he cares and can do something.  neither is true.  and how much will this trip COST THE US PAXPAYERS??

oBozo the clown out doing the country's business.  Better yet, send oBiden in his place,...everyone knows he is a first class clown!   Even better,...send them as a duo,....a stand-up comedy act!  BUY GOLD!

obama's presidency is a well scripted soap opera out of Hollywood

He went so the muslim brotherhood thank him for the m-1 tanks.

Strange that any news article would comment about Obama's "legacy". Thus far, it has been one of dismal failure domestically as well as foreign, broken campaign promises, Fed spending spiraling out of control, no energy security plan, no transparency, a DOJ gone astray, purposely dividing America, no across the aisle attempts and more big government.All this from the first Affirmative Action POTUS in this country's history.FOOD TASTER?!?!?!

Obama is like the rest of the politicians in Washington.Make a big scene and try to be popular but do nothing.

The world is laughing at America for electing a community agitator for president....

Why doesn't someone set up a site that will compete with Yahoo... yet not make us sick with all of these pro-Obama stories and give us HONEST and thorough news coverage???  I get sick and tired of Yahoo's circle-jerk attitude for their lord and saviour Obozo....

Obama debt is now $16.696 trillion

Does anyone really think that any leader over there cares what he has to say?Obama is certainly not admired for his experience and ability by these leaders who have both. They have nothing to learn from him-------he has neither skill nor wisdom to offer.

In the photo, Obama's thinking. "I think I just blew a juicy one..."

I hope he has his back in shape so he can bow low to the leaders in the Middle East, especially the leader of Libya!

I have never seen such a bunch of dumb posts in all my life. Us old folks have never talked this bad about a President in all our lives. All you are saying is you never had any up bringing. I remember telling my wife when they ended the draft we would wind up with a bunch of spoiled brats.

It's really hard to choose the Right Whine.bo's bo won't work

He has nothing to offer but apoligies and more borrowed money.

AP, whatever Owebama and Billary Rotten Clinton has created in their clueless, failed and incompetent previous 4 year regime is now bearing it's fruit or poison that now dominates the Israel / Middle East conflict! Zionist, genocidal and bloodlust revenge seeking Netanyahu's so-called leadership has been pouring gasoline on the fires of any chance at peace in the region! No surprise to any educated observer of what's been going on the past 10 YEARS in Israel! The Knesset is full of extremists that would like nothing better than to kill all the non-jew Palestinians in the region, in or outside of Israel's borders! That 's the REALITY of the facts on the ground that Owebysmal-nation has to try and correct - fat chance at that!

why is obama wasting money to go to middle east and give a speech. the animals over there will just laugh at him , they know he is a coward and talks a lot. Bush meant business when he was president

Obama will probably appear with 30 5 yr old palestinian kids with ak47,S

Focused on domestic issues???? You mean like his golf game?

Could he fool the ISRAELI as he was able with millions of AMERICAN? WE WILL KNOW.

Who Gives A (S)hit    I'm counting the days till obama is out of office

Obama bin moron is totaly safe His Islamic brothers will protect him he has been responsible for the new Islamic terroists states in the middle east and is working on the next one He is just over there to give away more American jobs and money to countries that hate the US what a idiot

Can we get those Obama tile photos put into urinals from now on?That way Americans feel close and personal with him.Another #$%$ -kissing" trip on the taxpayers dime (millions rather).  What a "no-load".  You people that voted for him should really be ASHAMED!

Gone are the authoritarian regimes - are you kidding us. You have just replaced one dictator for another - so yes you just changed the faces but underneath the same #$%$ being served to its citizens. I ought to know as I travel out there for business frequently.

Wow look at him go....

Richard:  If he stayed in the White House, how would he be able to easily bow to and kiss the feet and other anatomical parts of his beloved Muslim Brotherhood friends?

Expectations of obama are low from all the experts, so why send him? is he running up his frequent flier miles?

President Obama, what do you want to lie to the Israelis ? They are aware, of your military support to Egypt, which is governed by the muslim brotherhood ( muslim terrorist organization ). You give a guy like Morsi 200 tanks and 20 fighter jets, who said the Jews are descendents of apes and pigs ? President Barack Hussein Obama you better stay home you are an embarassement for the USA !!!

The White House forgot to tell the Americans that Obama is taken 500 million cash with him

Is obama bringing another 250 Mil for the muslim brotherhood?

With some luck are leader will step on a land mine there and they can bury whats left of him in the sand for the camels to urinate on, we can dream.

Hey more countries for King Obama to screw upDoes the Media actually thnk anyone is stupid enough to believe anything they whip up?

I hope Netanyahu treats Obama like he treated Netanyahu when Netanyahu came here. He won't though. There is a thing called class. Netanyahu has it. Obama does not.

Thanks to Bush the authoritarian regimes and leaders in Tunisia, Egypt, Libya and Yemen, and the once seemingly indestructible Assad regime in Syria are gone. Many successes Obama has enjoyed while President were the result of the Bush administration.

"Having run his last race as a political candidate, he is no longer beholden to the whims of voters."God help us all!!!!

And now what about those "chemical weapons" in Syria?

if the white house and all the house of representatives and senate were kill , like a  missile hit and kill all of them. obama would be in control I for get but it like 7-10 year, that would be a mess

Jobs? I have heard of them though I have not actually seen one.

Is he going to play golf?

haz duty...might be land mines on the golf course...jobs program=walk ahead of this hack...

It would be nice if he stayed there.He should have a quick trip.  Israel has two golf courses, one a nine holer.

So now he gets to see up close the mess he has created.

This landscape is unrecognizable to him compared to 2009, because he's too much of a celebrity, and hasn't been doing his job. The disconnected novice trying to be diplomatic....what a joke.

Ovomit giving millions of dollars to people who are killing our soldiers and want to kill us, way to go you #$%$

He has that "the lemmings are beginning to riot" look in his eye.

Leaving his non Christian nation to visit other non Christian nations , have fun stay as long as you like .

Stop repeat offenders. Impeach Obama!

Obama has created the Crisis in the Mid East and Pan Arabia, by appointing 3 Radical Muslim Theocrats to power in Libya, Tunisia and Egypt and has given them  unknown, untold billions in cash and armaments.  He is surrounding Israel with its worst enemies that want to attack it, but are too cowardly. Not to mention all of his favoritism toward the 'palestinians'. Now his lapdog PR Media wants us to be concerned about what happens to him? I  don't  think  so.

Maybe rub little heads and chant...OOOObama OOOObama

Anybody else think Jack and Topnotch need to get a room?  lmao.....Why is Obama like a crooked TV preacher?He talks a lot, delivers little and wants all your money.

"expectations low"...if his foreign policies are so great why the low expectations?  The only part of the world that is fooled by him, is the part that gives him his paychecks.

Catholicism is a continuation of Jewish traditions. Jesus was a Jew remember!

"I feel my husband and I did what we were expected to do, and what our moral obligation was as Jews, what our moral obligation was as human beings, and I have no regrets about that."--Anne Pollard, on behalf of herself and husband and soon to be convicted Israeli spy, Jonathan Pollard, 60 Minutes Interview, 1986.Jonathan Pollard, pled guilty to one count of [espionage] conspiracy to deliver national defense information to the State of Israel. Sentenced to life in prison he is first eligible for a parole release date in November 2015."And I can't say that I would never not help him again. However, I would look for different routes or different ways." -- Anne Pollard, Sentencing Hearing, U.S. v. Jonathan Jay Pollard, June 4, 1986.Anne Pollard was paroled in April 1990 after serving 40 months of a five-year jail term. Her desire to aid her husband kept her going through her ordeal, Anne said."I was determined I was going to stay strong. I had a husband in prison and it was up to me to get him out. I felt as his wife I would be his greatest advocate."However, Jonathan Pollard had a different idea. He served his wife with divorce papers.In May 1994, Jonathan Pollard married Esther Zeitz from behind prison bars at FCI-Butler, North Carolina.

Obama shouldn't visit Israel.

Obama cares only about Muslim countries. He will steal much money as possible from American taxpayers and give it to terrorist Muslim nations and groups.

@shoron-please seek help and stay away from guns and sharps!if you have any friends  i hope they help you!

It makes me sick to see that turdblossom with America above his head.

"Gone are the authoritarian regimes and leaders in Tunisia, Egypt, Libya and Yemen, and the once seemingly indestructible Assad regime in Syria is tottering on the brink of collapse."  Hey what about the brutal dictators in the Gulf like Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Qatar, United Arab Emeriate, Yemen, Oman?

The perils of Obama after assuming office? He never stopped campaigning! The perils are those of Americans without real leadership."So while I will never minimize the costs involved in military action, I am convinced that a failure to act in Libya would have carried a far greater price for America."-Barack Obama

guts the GI Bill.......what a guy......

"B.O.will confront a political and strategic landscape nearly unrecognizable from the one he encountered on his first trip..."Why should we care???  He's the one that "remade" it!   Really, he and lame hillary just stirred thing up, with the so-called "arab spring" nonsense they instigated and encouraged.

Make sure you don't shake hands with a suicide vest Mr. President....LOL

Blah, blah. Blah blah, blah!!! He is going to meet with his muslin brotherhood to show them how he is desrtoying america.

Why do I keep reading about an Israeli-Palestinian "PEACE process" ??How can there be a peace process when one side keeps taking more and more land and homes from the other side.What are they talking about peace process. Anybody?

Obama still wets the bed.

Perils.....we can only pray

I pitty the FOOLS

But, hey....keep your fingers crossedFat Kim of north Korea and Obama have same story line ? really strange is all ?

It's only a matter time Syria collapses

it's embarrasing to have people in other countries see what a thing we have as president who talks but does nothing to solve problems in the US or around the world; maybe they will keep him and we will have one less problem to deal with.  Could send congress and supreme courtalso; package deal.

the Israeli's welcoming obama , who clearly doesn't like them, and makes no secret of it.  what's wrong with those people?

The so-called "Remade" Mid-East is an example of the failure of two presidents.For those of you trying to get along, let's take a moment to hate on both Bush and Obama. We can do that as one nation, lol.

Is OBAMA going to tours the countries that has become ISLAMIST during his tenure?Saluting them for a job well done? Is he giving them encouragement, especially therebels ISLAMIST in SYRIA AND AHFGTANISTAN?

Seriously?  I like how it isn't mentioned that he caused the fires he is heroicly "trying" to put out were caused by his foriegn policy.  My favorite part is the touting of the authoritarian regime falls.  I'm sure the failure to mention that those regimes were allies of or working with the US and replaced by radical Islamists and/or chaos was inadvertant.  The implication that he has anything to do with Assad's pending fall in Syria is pretty good too.

STEP RIGHT UP FOLKS!!! the Obamarama big top flunky circus show will be in your town shortly featuring everything you look for in a circus………Freaks (the Obama cabinet made up of tax cheats and communists), the gay rainbow entourage wearing their leather and chains,caged animals (regulations that restrict freedom),the parasite parade (welfare and section 8 trash,the chronically lazy and deadbeats) and finally clowns (Barak and Michelle)with special guests  Joe Biden holding the elephant’s tail and the amazing elastic stretch faced Nancy Pelosi! Eat merrily there….fried dough,hamburgers,hot dogs,french fries cooked in beef tallo like Michelle and her swimsuit model figure likes but telling us to eat smart,bon appitit! The deluxe Obamarama roller coaster is not in operation at the present time(our economy) since most coasters go up and down but his goes down and down more! The labor for constructing the tents and rides will be done by a loyal following…illegal aliens and they will show everyone how to bend a taco!  Muslims as usual will portray themselves as something they are not and promise not to bomb anything at the circus and will be handing out leaflets about how good sharia law is!

It'd be great to see Iran use their nuke while he's there -  they'd do this country a huge favor!

Air Force One Pilot: "Okay, Mr. President, we're about to land in Israel."  President:  "Where?"Has Obama lost his mind?...everyone knows that Mohammad is not in Israel.

New perils?  He will just bow down to whomever, and give them tons of U.S. taxpayer $$$$.

WOW....what a great leader Obungho is !!!

Obamas main goal... destroy America.

Last statistic showed 67% of Israelis dislike or hate Obama, and 78% of Arabs do not trust him. Why he's travelling to the region without any plan for future peace between Arabs and Israelis? What he will tell them? I stopped by just to say hello...

WE NEED JOBS A HOLE!!!!!!!!

Obama trying to build a legacy on foreign policy? If I know anything its that Obama's legacy has already been written. It will be based on what the media says it is. And it will be very favorable believe me. It matters not what he does in this next term, how the U.S. or world economy shapes up, the media already has a narrative prepared that shows our dear beloved President had no control over it and how it would have been worse if not for his policies.

I'm partially hoping that he'll suddenly erupt in flames or get struck by lightning when his feet touch the ground in Israel.

He decides to spend billions in tis region and many American lives-but visits 2X in 5 years=bozo.

Yeah obummer and cut defense spending since intl threats are so predictable you failed leaderI guess you olive branch THEORY is a disaster...naivete at best..GUESS  he need to see first hand how he has assisted in messing up the other parts of the world, he is taking more weapons to his Muslim friends.

HERE IS THE PIECE OF (S)HIT'S REAL AGENDA:1.) Establish communism2.) Shred constitution3.) Enslave American people

u know what the Israeals should tell Odumba: go F &amp; U &amp; C &amp; K urself.

The Liar-in-Chief will try to smooth talk the Israeli's while giving billionsof weapons our enemy the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt.WORST PRES. IN US HISTORY!!!

This looks like a job for................SuperOwe-bama!

Obama is the peril.

When you operate from a position of weakness, you will be challenged. Sounds like the chemical weapons that Saddam Hussein had, might have moved to Syria and now they are being used. The world knew Hussein had the weapons, just didnt know where they went.

The Pretender n Chief needs to swing by Benghazi just see what Bush did.

He's just checking up on all the things he mucked up and neglected so he can improve on his lack of leadership.

Hard to belive that Obama has been so rotten as a President that now there are people wishing for Biden to take over.Only thing please do not promise to help any more brotherhood factions attain power or very soon rhey will have us surrounded. Thank You Very Much!

The landscape changed because of him. Obama is the one destablizing the middle east. But Iran? Oh no, we can't support the opressed there. Obama had Iran's "authoritarian regime" backs. Think about that. Our own Dear Leader.

We now have a bunch of Muslims more united in their hate for the U.S. We now have a kook running N. Korea With the big bombs. Russia, hates us more. We are broke and soon to be bankrupt. Iran with nukes. More laws, than the law can understand. Thats what Obama has done for us !

Maybe he will meet a suicide bomber up close and personal?

Meanwhile the liberal teachers continue to have sex w / your children &amp;  can't get fired !

Why should Israel believe him when America doesn't. He's just a puppet for the rich Dumocrates.

i guess it is different. they know he is a weenie and they can get him to buy them off to save his butt.  they are middle easterners, used to conflict, sand people (street people to us), know a liar and traitor when they see one and know how to play them for their own gain. they can read through obama's threat like water through a pipe.  hey, egypt got 25million while the rest of us americans suffer. what will another nation get to buy them off?

Fly Obama to Iran to inspect their nuclear test at ground zero.

Gary you sound like a young whippersnapper. I have lived under 13 Presidents and all of the media have only mentioned the Presidents name. Nixon said this. Roosevelt said that. Clinton mentioned this. Why do you hate it when the media mention Obama ?

Nwo puppet el #$%$  and 322  nazi nwo right inur faceWill he be bringing truckloads of cash to give away like John Kerry?  It's only taxpayer dollars right?

Just have to wonder if Obama will be coming back???

for the last 4 plus years we have had no pres. at all only a chicago thug

he made his bed ,now let's see how well he sleeps in it ?

john kerry is clobberiing irans nuclaer program as we speak.is that why the obama administration has done about iran in 4 yrs? they wanted kerry to take the fame for bombing inocent iranian women and children in the dead of night drone power?. is he being groomed for 2016 regardless of his tax evasions?

I hope he had a one way ticket and he doesn't come back.

"His sights appear set on building a legacy", and that "legacy" is a rain of financial chaos and terror that will never be undone.  The destruction of a great nation is his only goal.

dont have to worry about voters, but he does have to worry about impeachment

I'll be almost willing to bet that Obama is going to tell Israel that Palestine is going to become a state and then He is going to fly back to have a round of Golf with Tiger!

A well aimed hamas rocket attack comes to mind. PLEASE HAMAS!Do not expect the United States, under Obama, to take any aggressive action against Iran. Instead expect Obama to be against any Israeli initiative. Obama will preach the importance of negotiations up until the production of the first Iranian nuclear weapon and then state that the world must learn to live with this new reality.

Maybe he should go to Iran where he'll have a better welcome with his evil twin!?!?!?

OBAMA'S ARAB SPRING MIDEASTis the problem he created

Remade Middle East poses perils for Obama?  Hell, he's mainly responsible; what about the perils to the rest of the world including American citizens?

how do you REMADE Middle EastHere is howJust put the alphabets of Middle  East in a pan, shake the panaste, iddleme or emddeli taste etc.

Dealing with changing political realities is why you get the big bucks. What dfd you think being President would entail, golfing and travel to exotic places???

I'm sure he will make us proud.Bow to another King.Promise more US Tax Dollars to anyone that asks.Sell more military equiment to The Muslim Brotherhood.And apologize for Americans being Americans.All hail Allah and King Obama!!

Please, someone blow him up.

Let's hope the gazans keep their toys locked up.

Obama talks a lot, to Republicans, Israel, etc. but he never does anything.  Just gives speeches.  It is starting to wear thin.  He needs to just sit at his desk and work things out and quit talking about it.  As Nike would say "Just Do It".  stop talkingDear sweet baby jesus.........someone is coming to your birthplace who doesn't belong there.....could we get a little help here?

I tried to find a channel on TV to watch the news OH WELL ,I got on line and tried to find the news OH WELL ,then I found this OH WELL ,is there anywhere to find real news ? I would like to find out about my country or what used to be my country ,what should I do ? What happened to the media ?where are the reporters ? What the hell happened ?is this it ?

Where's the hoody?

As long as Nutandyahoo is in charge, nothing will change. No president would dare criticize bibi, he'd eat them alive. Why should he change when congress gives him a standing ovation immeadiately after he insults our president?

First " he does not qualify to be the president, why would he be the commander, he has made a mess in the middle East.

Satan is on AF1 flying to Israel.

The modern GOP doesn’t deal with Obama the man, they’ve created an imaginary Obama in their mind who is a radical socialist Muslim Kenyan who used Acorn to usurp the White House and is conspiring with the UN to take away their guns so that the Muslim brotherhood can usher in Sharia law, and that’s all not true. It’s folk politics, like folk medicine. It’s a wives tale, created by frightened provincial people who are struggling to survive in a larger world that they don’t fully understand. But the GOP has adopted it because telling people what they want to hear is a good way to get votes. So Eastwood's performance is a perfect metaphor for the modern Republican Party. A confused old white man having an argument with a figment of his imagination.

Obama's interference with the mid east has alot to do with the makeup and look of it today. Obama helped bring down Mubarak who was at peace with Israel for 3 decades, and now? Muslim Brotherhood is a terrorist organization that took over Israel with the help of our tax dollars that enabled the muslim radical islam takeover. No more secular government. Now they are ruled by Shariah Law, and now there is persecution of Christians and Jews there. A Christian family is in jail for converting from Islam to Christianity. Obama is evil.

Obama is the Stinkin Fart nobody will claim."Naw,I didn't vote for him".Bull Chit you didn't.

Anti-christ=obama. Look at the things he did and is doing from no paper trail from birth to today he's all evilParasite Obama is the biggest problem, the biggest fraud and the worst unqualified affirmative action elected mistake in American history. This compulsive liar has no business or military experience and has radically increased welfare, food stamps and govt. assistance for votes. SCREW U HUSSEIN!

Other than tell more lies in another speech, what is he really going to do besides #$%$off our allies even more and kiss the #$%$ of the muslim brotherhood.

Obama is not a friend of Isreal and they know it......which doesn't help the U.S....just like everything else Obama does in the U.S...... doesn't help the U.S.!!!    I guess what I'm trying to say is Obama is just not much help!!!

Not to worry..If anything happens to Obama, we've got shotgun Joe Biden ready to step up an become President....That ought to make eveyone feel better....

America has some aging and outmoded defense assets.  It would be well worth the effort totransfer some of these assets to Israel as the IDF can work wonders in redesigning and refurbishing outdated military assets.  Surely two frigate type ships and thirty M1 Abram MBTscould boost Israel's defenses.

there is NEVER  gonna be peace there.sorry,its in the script,&amp; I mean NEVER.i know we cant stop trying,but lets face it they all hate the jewish folks.i love them,they are good for a country. a very productive people.yeah not a very popular thing to say,but its the truth

Since Obama caused this mess he needs to see the results of his policies first hand,though I doubt very seriously if it will have any effect on him at all. He is such a hard headed, thick skulled individual he actually believes his polices are working. Obama and Biden are the original dumb and dumber.

He snubbed Netanyahu before his reelection.....His administration made fun of the iran threat to Israel.....Didn't bother with them his first middle east visit why now......Israel does not play games.....they know the peril they live in daily....they do not need obuma's permission for anything......

Yea, keep giving both sides BIG money and weapons. Now THAT'S leadership. If you take him at his word...he'll do just the opposite of what he says, then blame the republican congress. We don't need any more wars.

Google:  Barrack Hussein Obama's name origin........only if you are ready to accept what you find.Sounds like the same old middle east to me...only the reality is one that even AP can no longer deny.

Maybe he'll go stay at the Ambassador's compound  in Benghazi . . . Oh, no, wait, that's right, it was firebombed . . .

I thought we were out of money?  No more White House tours.  Could Obama not had this meeting via SKYPE or a teleconference?

(CNN) -- Syrian rebels claim that hundreds of their fighters are being given sophisticated-weapons training organized and authorized by the United States at a camp in Jordan.A senior rebel spokesman, who did not want to be named discussing a sensitive matter, would not comment on the nature of the personnel conducting the training, such as whether the personnel were military troops or contractors. But he said that 300 fighters had already completed the course and crossed the border into Syria on Thursday.The training was said to include the use of anti-tank and anti-aircraft weaponry, the latter aimed at the particularly vital part of the regime's military might, which has thus far kept rebels often in check.More rebel fighters are currently undergoing training, the spokesman said.France: We must arm Syrian rebels nowAsked about the rebel spokesman's claims, White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said the United States doesn't "provide lethal aid to the Syrian opposition.""But we do provide assistance that has continually ramped up ... and we're constantly reviewing our assistance programs to the Syrian people through humanitarian aid and to the Syrian opposition," Carney told CNN on Friday afternoon.The personal stories of Syrian refugeesSyrian rebels' efforts to topple President Bashar al-Assad have claimed more than 60,000 lives since the fighting began in March 2011.At least 144 more deaths were reported Friday by the Local Coordination Committees of Syria, a network of opposition activists. That figure includes 13 women, 12 children and 22 people who were tortured, according to the group. Some 59 of those fatalities were in and around Damascus, with another 28 in Daraa province.Another 940,000 people have fled the country and more than 10% of Syria's 20 million residents have been forced to move elsewhere inside the country, the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees has said.The conflict began with demands for political reform after the Arab Spring movement that swept the Middle East and Africa, but devolved into civil war when the al-Assad regime cracked down on demonstrators."We are doing everything we can with our international partners to help bring about a post-Assad Syria," said Carney, the White House spokesman. "Assad has the blood of his own people on his hands. He in no way can be a part of Syria's future. The Syrian people have spoken on that issue."Western powers set to increase aid for Syrian rebels

Also on Obamas Agenda - A Very Strong Arab League and a Destabilized Middle East.

The only thing Israel needs to remember is our BSer in chief is sending arms and money to his muslim brothers in the hood. Why has he stopped fighting terrorist and started funding them?

We desperately need a Truth In Journalism Law. Our constitution guarantees a free press but not a truthful press. A Truth In Journalism Law would assure the news reported is the truth, not false or misleading. Our news outlets are increasingly being controlled by large corporations with agendas that are often at odds with the public's interest. With control of the media these corporations can easily steer public opinion by reporting misleading or completely false stories.

He screwed up the Mid east so he has to deal with it.

Does anyone really think that any leader over there cares what he has to say?Obama is certainly not admired for his experience and ability by these leaders who have both.  They have nothing to learn from him-------he has neither skill nor wisdom to offer.

you made your bed Muslim now...........thought you were the great uniter in chief? remember how you were just certain that everyone would dig you so much that the world would be one big kumbaya fest? such an egotistical and pompous idiot.Obama has created a mess all over the globe. The world is less stable than ever. There is war breaking out anew everywhere, with the US backing the wrong sides. Our relationship with Russia is worse than it's been since the cold war. At least Bush and Pootti Poot were friends. Now Russian thinks Obama is a fool and the American people are pushovers. Obama's solution to Muslim terrorists is to put them in charge in the Mental East, as well as in key positions in our own government, not to mention turning NASA into some half-fast Muslim outreach.

By God, Obama does look like Satan!!!  They all over the place, no wonder this country is going to hell.

Can this fool find any other ways to waste tax dollars??? Is Michele going?? and the kids???Impeach this looooser, now.

Hopefully a sniper

oh dang, i just can't think of this socialist pig as our commander in chief.  this creep can't think, can't lead, but he can sure blame alot.

Sure he's a gun hating,lying elitist hypocrite,but the big eared dude is charming.I'm convinced if he really sets his mind to it he can actually persuade the Palistinians and Israelis to quit fighting........for a while.

We must never stop looking for the path to peace.

What if there were a massive world war where in there was an attempt to exterminate native americans by, lets say, Mexico. The war ends and the European union, now the most powerful military force in the world, decides it would be just to set up a nation for native americans on the north east coast of the united states. After all, it was historically the location of their nation to begin with.The United States protests that the native americans are constantly taking more land mistreating U.S. citizens,and pushing them from their homes. For a number of years the U.S. fights to get the northeastern states back by means witch are labeled terrorist by the native americans and the E.U.The president of the E.U. through covert means, incites civil war in the remaining states in an effort to remove their leaders and replace them with puppets who will conform to the new order. Subsequently the E.U. gains control over the new native American state as their benefactor, as well as creating a means to exploit the natural resources of the U.S.The president of the E.U. then appoints himself to bring peace to north America.

Anyone notice this article while talking about israel's foes - it does not mention egypt or the brotherhood that has sworn for decades and even century's that they want to jill all jews?This shows that the media is pandering to obama and even giving excusses for obama's failure in the region.Make no mistakes about it ISRAEL WILL NOT PANDER TO OBAMA NOR WILL THEY TRUST HIM - THEY DO WANT AMERICAS SUPPORT - BUT THEY WILL NOT SET BACK AND WAIT FOR OBAMAS FRIENDS TO DESTROY THEM.

one thing is for sure all Nations well go to war with Israel.  It is written in the Bible and the time is a hand. Getting close to the door.Please GO and Dear God (or Allah in your case) - don't bother coming back.

Yeah Jack,,,,cause the bbc is where all the credible news comes from in the usa

What ever Obama's political hands touch, shortly after it goes down the drain. He really needs to work on jobs and budget reforms.

"...unprecedented low approval ratings for Obama in Israel."... and also here in amerika too

Soooo has anyone figured how much this "low expectation" trip is costing us?  Sure wish they use a tiny fraction of that money to help the legal citizens of this country who are hungry, cold, homeless, out of work, etc.!!  I wonder just how many businesses the money for this trip would create, how many jobs for our unemployed?

Expect more groveling and bowing to his masters. And passing out billions of soon to be worthless dollars. America is more hated in the world than ever. Thanks Dems, you picked a real winner in Obama..

ROLL ON ARAB SPRINGLet freedom reign.

Those in power in the muslim countries know where Barack Obama's heart is--with them. If things don't go as planned for Obama and America finally wakes up to get their hands around his neck, Iran or Pakistan will swiftly rescue him.

"The boy will be using the side door!"The Fool &amp; his Monkey are both out of the USA, who's on first?

EVERYTHING on earth is waiting for Obama to come along and mend it, apparently. Lol I freaking hate articles like this. Obama hasn't done anything except raise taxes. Stop with the brainwashing propaganda machine. Stop with the cult of personality.gentle encouragement of Israelis and their leaders to be more sensitive the new realities of the region and not take actions that provoke or irritate the very people with whom they desire better ties. Either the emperor does not get it or just wants Israel gone too. The ARABS mr emperor are trying to eradicate Israel. M.O.R.O.N.

Obama the great divider jets off again while the country is going to reach another financial crisis. Anyone see a pattern?

Bet he finds a way to screw it up.

The Foreign Affairs Community Organizer-In-Chief.

lets see go to mideast or answer  up to Bengazeethang ? hey bro's lets get on the jet !

Yet ANOTHER trip. Is he taking his friends &amp; relatives again. How many millions is this one costing us LEGAL tax payers? Nothing will get accomplished he just wants another vacation.May a camel hump him on his greying head!

Israel is a maximum security, gated community, all paid for by the American taxpayer.

Did CNN write this story......give it to the AP......then the AP gave it to Yahoo????

I bet the sandmen make an attempt on the commie when is there. Then he will be stuck with commie joe

Hmmm . . . wonder if he'll run across his look-alike, History Channel twin while he's out there . . . maybe when he looks in a mirror . . .the only thing Ive ever seen that Obama is good at is spending money Im sure this trip will cost alot now and after he makes them some stupid promises. Who cares about gay marriage weve taken it in the #$%$ since he got elected.

obama shouldnt be supporting the palintines in any way. He needs to let everyone know that America stands with Isreal period.

Yep, Barry, the Benghazi Bungler, has so screwed up the Middle East, it's totally unrecognizeable...The PERIL is Obonzo.....The clueless prick and food stamp king!!!  Pray for this once great country he has dismantled.......

this uncle tom isn't qualified to sell vegetables on the side of the highway. any one who thinks he has something to offer the mid east "peace process" needs to back away from the kool aid tub, sober up, and get a da(N)(M) job. the only reason this circus monkey is going to the middle east is to raise more campaign money from his muzzie brutha hud buddies,.... the only question which needs to be asked is , ... who will crank the handle on the organ to grind out the kalliope tunes while he makes the rounds with his little doorman's cap in hand to collect money,.......

Dennis Rodman could accomplish more.

If you see him on the temple mount, run for the hills...

I'm still in shock as to how he got elected once, much less twice.  The bar for becoming President needs to be raised out of the dust.  There are tons of Americans with stellar qualities to lead this country in a truely forward direction.  The process for choosing who gets to run needs to change.  Who can accumulate the largest war chest by selling out to special interests is killing us.

Exactly the opposite,"U.S. officials hope Obama's visit to Jordan will boost King Abdullah II's standing both at home among a restive population and in the region where, since the Muslim Brotherhood won elections in Egypt, his nation is the more solid of Israel's two Arab friends."Obama has destabilized a region, whose differences were at least kept somewhat peaceful., under previous regiems.  The Mideast will be glad when Obama returns to the US and the Middle East can work out their differnences, or not:  a major threat to the world.  The US is impotent.  The rest of the world had better be making plans of their own.

Please keep him in your country..No longer wanted here.

Obama's goal for America---MADE IN CHINA !commander in chief . . . what a shame, what has America sunk to, how embarrassing, his hatred for our military and our brave service men . . . you idiots out there are pitiful.

It's not a good idea to turn your nation into an enormous church, synagogue or mosque...or an enormous oil selling corporation etc.......devoid of democratic governing principles.

Out of the 151,700 Christians estimated to be citizens of/living in Israel....122,000 of them are PALESTINIAN Christians...with a few thousand more Palestinian Christians in the West Bank and Gaza. (figures from Palestinian/Arab Christians-Wikipedia).

Hope and Change not working well for any of them either.

Soooo where is all that PAIN from the Sequester?

For being the most inexperienced President ever he was sure quick to make drastic changes to support for Egypt.

Time is running out for any viable two state solution. Do the Israelis really want to rule a country where they are the small minority?

It is interesting to note that the article makes no mention of the constant stability of Israel in this sea of turbulence known as the Middle East.  Israel just formed a new government after peaceful elections.  Israeli democracy is strong.  Arabs are members of the Parliament (Kenesset).  Next door in Syria, Lebanon, Jordan, Egypt, Libya, Tunisia, Iran, Pakistan, Iraq, Afghanistan etc etc life is very different.

During a visit to the Pentagon in 2001 after the 9/11 false flag mass murder that was carried out by traitors from the US military-industrial complex in collaboration with Mossad, Gen. Wesley Clark heard the following from one of his ex-colleagues there: “This is a memo (from Rumsfeld) that describes how we’re going to take out 7 countries in 5 years, starting with Iraq, and then Syria, Lebanon, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, and finishing off with Iran”. Many members of the dumbed-down American public apparently still can’t see the writing on the wall.

IT'S ALL OVER HUSSEIN...STAY OVER THERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!American diplomacy has been backing Israel for years and in the meantime screwing others in the region.  Wait until Jordan is overtaken by terrorists and radicals too, Israel will be sorrounded by unfriendly regimes (Egypt, Syria, and Jordan), and the opportunities to make peace with the Palestinians will be long gone.  Our unwavering support for a land grab, continue oppression and discrimination in the West Bank has NOT brought anything positive.

the uncertainity - things are pretty certain, the old governments didn't like us. The new ones want Israel and the US completely destroyed.

#$%$ Isreal, where's the nearest golf course?

CPAC Set to Host White Nationalist Leader

End all foreign aid, get our troops out of the middle east, and establish diplomatic relationships with the countries that we currently threaten and scrapegoat.Watch. If you do all of the above, things will change for the better.

Hitler can only bring peace in middle east and the world at large by finishing the endeavor of his in fulfilling the cremation of zionist parasites into extinction.

Thanks to Obama, the so-called "Arab Spring" will manifest as our Jihadist winter. He's done nothing but "f" it up.

maybe some body will kidnap him or bump him off

Does he really think that one trip to Israel is going to cover up what he has done to them in the past four years......As of Nov. only 12% of Israeli's trusted  him.....I am sure that number has dropped by now.......

With any luck they will keep him! Then instead of Osama Bin Laden, they can have Osama Bin Bama as their leader!Sure hope Obammy stays safe over there....Maybe a quick 18 holes in a minefield....

My impressions of Obama's visit is that he is not welcome here, in Israel - not by the Israelis (of whom I am one), and neither by the Palestinian Arabs. Israelis are sensible and sane. They will not seek to harm a visiting head of State, even if they disagree with his political views. However, the Arabs are not so sensible, and there is always an element of danger involved when a head of State who is hated by the Arabs visits them on their turf. I think that it would have been better for Obama to stay in Washington, D.C., and to tend to the affairs of his own country.

We have spent a Trillion dollars and more over there and this CLUELESS IDIOT is still A CLUELESS IDIOT..

This is the problem with the United States, too many of them in the country.  This would still be a wealthy country if it were not for them.

I think it would be nice if all his supporters after he gets done screwing the country up, buy him air force one, then he can park it in his library. Obama and Joe B can sit there and laugh how they pulled the wool over peoples eyes in this country. When he is on his plane he thinks he's the most powerful thing in the world.

"President Barack Obama this week will confront a political and strategic landscape nearly unrecognizable from the one he encountered on his first trip to the region shortly after assuming office in 2009". Maybe if he visited more than every four years he could keep up with the changes.

I don't know why presidents need to go overseas all of the time, especially the Middle East.

More AP horsepucky about how tough the Pretender in Chief has it.    How about printing Obama's pre-trip litany of New and Improved Apologies for the Muslim Brotherhood, plus warnings to the Israelis about how they'd better give up land, OR ELSE!

"He is no longer beholden to the whims of voters."  ????!!!!!   REALLY???!He SHOULD be representing the ideals of his constituents (ALL of us) and NOT capitulating to the "whims" of ANYONE!!   Only very WEAK "leaders" do that!!!

Four days after House Intelligence Committee Chairman (and former FBI  agent) Mike Rogers reiterated in the Washington Post that the US “red line” for military intervention in Syria would be that government’s use of chemical weapons, the US-allied opposition fighters have possibly used some sort of chemical device in Aleppo, killing at least 26, including 16 Syrian Army soldiers.The Russian foreign ministry has issued a statement:“Information coming from Damascus indicates that the use of chemical weapons by the armed opposition was recorded in the Aleppo province early on March 19. We are extremely, seriously concerned by the fact that weapons of mass destruction have gotten into militants’ hands, which is worsening the situation in the SAR even more and brings confrontation in this country to a new level.”Three thoughts:1) If confirmed, the timing of this use of chemical weapons is quite curious. Four days after Rogers’ article and on the eve of President Obama’s trip to Israel, where the press informs us that Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu will “press” Obama to attack Syria.2) Does the “red line” count if it is the US allies using the weapons? In other words, does the US attack the Syrian government anyway now that the line has been crossed even though government troops and innocent civilians are the victims of the attack? That would make most sense in the logic of US interventionist foreign policy: “if the government uses chemical weapons we have to intervene, if the rebels use chemical weapons we have to intervene.”3) How much help did the armed opposition have in getting these weapons, and from whom?He will really get a lot of people very very angry with some of the things he is going to do on this trip.

One  place  to  go  israel  they  have  the  answers  for  the  physco  middle  east   listen  mr  pres   mr  netanyahu   is  a  very  very  intelligent  man  let  his  massad  boys   take  care  of  business  now  that  is  a  winning  strategy    stop  listening  to  these  no  mind  advisors  of  yours  they  are  way  out  of   touch   just  do  it.................

Time for the US to get out of the Middle East by first ending all aid to Egypt and Israel and then letting all the local participants to settle their own differences without Our involvement or interference. God Bless the US. America First now and forever.

Abomination you dont see it? lol

i'd like to see a little hands on between those two.... pm netanyahu would snap him like a twig!!!!

Benjamin Netanyahu lied his butt off about their great relationship with Obama before the election. So now he's worried Obama won't be there for his Country. Really didn't work out so great for the Israeli Prime Minister did it? Trust Obama are you nuts? The destruction of Israeli would settle the Palestinian problem for Obama and he could blame it on George Bush's foreign policy.

just what they want mr brotherhood himself coming to visit

Obama is going over to the middle east again? I hope they show him the hospitality that was shown to our men in Benghazi.

Anything beyond golf and expensive vacations poses new perils for Obama.

Sure they will welcome their muslim brother with open arms....The difference in America is unrecognizable to when he first came into office as well.

I didn't know it was time for the annual pilgrimage to Mecca

How much is this waste of time going to cost us?

Time to vote for an independent President, because the Demo/Republicans has fail us big time. We need to wake up kick them out of power for the election to come, I swear, I will start working for an indepent leader to be elected in 2016, nothing is impossible

Baa Baa What am I supposed to Say and Do Now??? Oh Yeah, poor Obamaaaaa . He can never catch a break

I'm curious... Do they have to buy the American flags they're gonna burn or do they just hand them out?

Fortunately the Mideast is so messed up that Obama can't do much more damage, but we all know he will try.

Oh, so Obama is a victim, poor him?What about the citizenry here? Sheesh!

At least he isn't in New York!

Hopefully he will stop off to visit his relatives in Indonesia and STAY!!!!!!!! AND money well spent to send Glutzie and kids to join him.10/1 he doesn't make it back.

He knows more about basketball brackets then the problems of the middle east!!!! He still believes he is the best answer for the worlds problems, truth is he is the biggest f---up that ever held the office of president!!!!

lie, spend,print money,take vacation-again,shoot skeet(all the time),send money and jobs to China,send jets and tanks to my Muslim bro's in Egypt,screw our troops,lie more,spend more,tax more,,,,,,

what , they dont love him?they arent alone.so sad

Obama will f--- it up worse than bill did when he left office.

He will go and talk, run his mouth, it's just what he does.Note to Israelis, get it in writing, he doesn't mean to lie it's just what he does.

Back to the stomping grounds that got you that Nobel Peace Prize.... well earned Mr. Moron!!

from all observations, obozo does't have a clue about foreign policy.  he is more about photo ops, griniing that silly grin, waving, and scampering back to the golf course with tiger.  that is a good place to keep him...and us, out of danger due to his constant foot in mouth policies.

Thank you Israel and the Jewish community for giving this anti American and anti Israel communist all the support and credibility he needs and does not deserve! Now go and give him yet another award for his hard work on all our behalf, he will hang it just below his liberal peace prize!

No good will ever come from a radical marxist president.Evil, destructive obama doesn't have a clue how to solve a problem; however, he sure knows how to spend, spend, spend and bankrupt America as fast as he can!  Other countries must see us as dodos when he won't even SUBMIT a balanced budget!!!

NObama and Foreign Policy, what a contradiction. He better not mention Women's Rights or Gays as he tours the Arm Pit of the World. No worries we have Money!

He will just give them lip service and lies.  I've never seen a man who can talk for hours on end and not say anything that is of importance.

So this all about obama? Never mind the millions he will spend withno clear purpose. And the wh tour is still cancelled becausewe don't have the money?

Barry's mid-east policies has been a complete failure and has made America a joke to our enemies.  "Leading from hehind"

I hope Russian turns the gas off for Germany. NEVER NEVER NEVER has a govt confiscated saved money  from peasants and ordinary citizens in order to satisfy someone elses debt. I said it before and I will say it again. The Euro is doomed . End the experiment before the whole world falls apart . You can't grow by cutting spending. Most people don't realize those "bailouts" in Europe are not forgiveness. They are loans on top of loans. It is me paying out off one credit card with another while I was just  forced to take a job with less hours and less wages.

A lot of hate on here from the party that sponsored 9/11.

PresidentOf                    POSSocialism

I think they should just bomb the middle east like they did with japan so they can stop all this ridiculous religious fighting once &amp; for all

Let's just hope oblamer does not make it back. He's done enough damage to America.True leaders don't "charm" or "court" anyone....they earn respect by being respectful......something he knows nothing about.

Many probably hope he gets the JFK treatment while there. You know...lots of love and respect for all the good he has done for the USA and its citizens.

Why not use the picture of Satan Obama for the article? Seems more fitting.

Are all of obuma's supporters as illiterate and uniformed as they seem?

Perils in the Mideast? But Obama bowed! They have to love us now! He kisses their butts, so they gotta love us!

Are any of you republicans happy? Do you ever smile? Have fun? Or do you just sit around all day and pout and whine about Obama? Seek help.

Attention people in the middle east! When our swirl gets there (((( KEEP HIM )))

Dee, your comment is underserving of a response. Any reasonable logic is totally lost on you!

No more muslim presidents!

Obuma will probably take a letter from a third grader that reads:  "Please Mr. Netanyahu, let all of those mulsim countries blow you completely off the map.....Let Iran use their nuclear warheads on you"....Thank you, john smithThe return of the GOP!  Can't wait.

Me , Me, Me Who is Me=Obama. These trips are a total waste of tax dollars. What benefit to the Ameriscan people comes of them?  These stories are absolutely stupid! Who writes this trash?

"he is no longer beholden to the whims of voters"Spoken like a true Propaganda Ministry for a DICTATOR.

He doesn't speak for us Americans, don't listen to anything he says!

Hey Barry, don't forget your KY gel and knee pads!

Obama faces Tea fundamentalists in this country and Muslim fundamentalists overseas.  Fundamentalism is destroying the world.

anybody miss bush yet, and i am not talking to the lesbians out there.the middle east is worst than ever ,so much for obozo healing the world.

Do you see this face???  i mean business!  israel, you have had it!

I'm wondering if there is going to be a "failed assassination attempt" on President Obama and they will somehow implicate Israel.Of course, that's a crazy idea...the progressive libs would NEVER try anything like that...yeah, right.

Again the press shows they are a bunch of ObamaphilesHe does look like Satan, acts like Satan.........by george he is Satan...................hope the tool stays with his Muslim Brothers..........I wonder, has Air Force 1 ever crashed?

Domestic issues - I'm still waiting for him to submit his 1014 Federal budget, cutback on spending, resolve the job situation (which the true unemployment figure is close to 25 percent), just to name a few carry overs from his first term as president.  Should I even go to the deaths of the four Americans who died due to his lack of action because campaign took precedence and he could not be bothered or his attempt to blame very one under the sun for their deaths (read cover up)?  Yep now everyone knows why he did not publish what his agenda would be if reelected during his campaign as he has finally showed the world what a true liberal leftist Democrat that he has always been - if he had he would be out in the cold - yep the king of magicians pulled off another one over his blind and deaf drones who reelected him withour researching his true character, of which there were many examples!,

Israelis have no use for anyone other than their own. They pretend to like people they can use for their own benefit.

Watch your back when in Israel - all I gotta say.  There's nothing more venomous than settler hate - and the settlers are never held accountable by the government.

Lowered Expectations, (sing to the tune of old SNL skit)

Great, that's what those people need, a " symbolic, hand-holding trip ". But, what else can the Obama admin. offer?  Community organizing?  Massive deficit spending?  Class-warfare? Perhaps he and Sen. Feinstein can promote their assault-weapons ban in that part of the world.

AGAIN, Jobama is in OVER HIS HEAD!! Foreign policy does not work the same way as getting communities to get out and vote! Community organizing is NOT a pre-requisit to sucessful foreign policy... AND I add that this is the middle east Jobama made, by funding and supporting the destabalizing of the region, by supporting the so called "freedom fighters"!!  Al-Queda code word!! His MUSLIM face shows in the region, and tho those that dont wear the LIBERAL glasses!

I wonder what stupid idea this moron has this time.

Let us provide the same security for obummer that was given to our diplomats in benghazi!!!!!!!!!!!!

peaceEmpires damages title of entitlement,,,,BROKE real estate Licenses degree of decree was limited unto Jurisdiction Zone,,,,1948 Empire swiped HOLY Land Garden of Olive off Mapswe can all thank YAHOO for helping obama fool the American people

We ,our country needs a new , qualified LEADER !!!!

Did Odumba send his usual apology letters first ?

So he now has to bow down to an entirely new crowd a fanatic American haters.

not just obummer, but all the politicians have let us down.

I wonder if he is going to take on the National Rocket Association. That Muslim-Rocket Lobby is pretty powerful.

Obama needs to stay in the White House; Israel needs to make Obama "persona non grata" on sacred Israeli soil. We, the citizens of the United States of America need to ground the fleet at Andrews AFB - THE MOST EXPENSIVE CORPORATE JETS IN THE WORLD - and we need to park Air Force One in the hangar and lock the doors.

Obama is simply unwilling or unable to lead.  What an amazing opportunity to at least attempt a new direction in civil dialogue.  Bill Clinton was close to brokering a deal...

This is what happens when you lead from behind, failed foreign policies!

Die commies Die ! B52s to you !Its NOT getting any better, It WONT get better, it WILL get only worse. with evil at the helm the prophecy will be fulfilled

ther goes another 50 million plus what ever he donates to allthe muslem countrys.

Hey, AMERICA, how does it feel to be led by a Dictator/President who hasn't a clue on what he's doing Internationally or Domestically?  Plus, by the way, do you think that the corruption and cover-up stories that the LEFT supports is good for AMERICA?  Also, how's your wallet doing with all of Obama's spending and tax increases on entitlements we simply can't afford?  And I understand that he's researching on how to continue as our Incompetent in Chief for a 3rd term as our so called "leader".  Please AMERICA, we're smarter that allowing that....  I HOPE!!!!!   NO WAY!!!!!

Good thing the lefters have those "two wars" to use as a defense for obuma, because there isn't any other weapons in their defend obuma campaign.

Perhaps if BHO falls 'under fire' on this trip to the middle east, perhaps Benghazi guards will try and save BHO's life by running away - or joining the beating! Good enough for goose, good enough for gander (that would be you, BHO - liar in chief).

He snubbed Netanyahu before his reelection.....His administration made fun of the iran threat to Israel.....Didn't bother with them his first middle east visit why now......Israel does not play games.....they know the peril they live in daily....they do not need obuma's permission for anything.....

Gone are the authoritarian regimes and leaders in Tunisia, Egypt, Libya and Yemen,"I guess current events elude this writer.

Liberals love Al Sharpton....he is their hero.

Hatred for the Khazar Judaists and their occupation of the USA and Palestine is growing at an accelerated pace.

Search for date duration calculator.Put in for start date Oct 9 2009 (date Obama won Nobel Peace Prize)Put in for end date Mar 22 2013 (Occult date 322 and during Obama's trip to Israel)Do not click Include end date in calculationSee what number you get and how it relates to end times prophecy.The israelis are happy with the status quo. they get to do what they want, when they want. They've effectively painted their political enemies as anti-semites and the palestinians as terrorists. The American people have no problem with the ghettos of the west bank and gaza, no problem throwing out their belief in liberty and freedom for israel.

"Laser-like focus on jobs..."

Obuma preaching to America that he was going to Unite The World with his pansy middle east policies has proven time and time again whose side he is on and it is not America or Israel.....We see you for what you are Mr. Obuma!

GOP.....Don't be petulant whiners when you lose. Maybe take a step back, consider where you went wrong. Instead of - (and I can't believe how insulting it is that you went here instead )- complaining that you lost because too many of the wrong sort of people voted. It's hard to think of a more undemocratic statement than that. Even the whole Rapefest2012 wasn't quite as staggeringly awful as blaming women and minorities for voting in the first place.

A president is Commander in Chief only during war time.  I do not recall that congress has declared a war.  Maybe if he stops acting lide a Secretary of State and starts acting more like a President. he will be a lot safer than traveling into danger zones.

A risky trip that could have long lasting consequences should he be killed and all for what. No one will change the hatred for Israel by the middle east countries. I know all you Obama haters would rejoice, but the death of any American president by another country would have huge risk. He should stay home on this one.

I have an idea that if the Nobel commitee could recall that peace prize, they would do so in a heartbeat.

obama is shameless, remember he used to insult Israelis Prime Minister Natanyahu.  He denied to meet him, and Mr. Natanyahu had to use the back door at the White House, because obama was going to have dinner with his mate.  Then, he and Putin did not realize the microphone was on, they both jabbing that they can't stand Mr. Natanyahu, obama even said: "At least, Putin not need to deal with Natanyahu like he had to.  And he will be more flexible after his re-election."He did not visit Israel on his first term but went to Cairo to make the speech to please the Muslim.  Then he stabbed the Egypt's President by requesting him to resign and he supported the Muslim Brotherhood to become new president.  Again, he 'lead from behind' to support the Muslim Brotherhood in Libya to have Gaddhafi killed in which the Muslim so appreciated it - they killed our ambassader and 4 others in Benghazi.  The evil acts of obama which caused the Arab Spring and the non-stop riots violences in the middle east since and still going.He even made a stupid comments "Israel should go back to the 1967 land line" to achieve peace with Palestinians, ugh!"  Mr. Natanyahu just too polite to refuse his visit to Israel.  After he leaves, Israel have to fumigate the area where he stayed, yuck!

@Carl Brown, Iraq had WMDs. And, Bush knew that they no longer did.

Hmmm...let's see, trouble in the middle east. Let's cancel this trip.  Michelle, pack the bags, we're headed to Hawaii.wow, poor Mr. Obama....amazing what passes for journalism today....

The article states " The U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem said Kerry was set to arrive Tuesday ".....Maybe Kerry announced the new Embassy location

Maybe we'll luck out and Obama's motorcade will hit a road-side IED and he'll get smoked.

Maybe if he can find some children to surroung himself with, he can get something accomplished.

Only morons support their political parties regardless of the damage that is being done by that political party......And supporting this loser pres. just because he is the "democrat" is disgraceful.

You cant run your own country and now you want to be a foreign diplomat ? You should not be stepping off US soil until you take care of my country first . Did you bring your clubs ? Im sure there are plenty of nice gulf courses there !

What a farce! Obama being a muslim has israel"s interest last on his list.supportive of islamic regime's and posturing himself for un leader after the next 4 hellish years the united states are going to go through. Think it's bad now, watch the pile of rubble left of this country in 2016. And basically the article tells us this taxpayers funded trip is worthless to begin with and of no intent to accomplish anything.

If our President would just keep us out of another useless 10 year war in the Middle East that would be a major political  success.

Sorry. I didn't read the article. I just want to warn Barry. I have just heard they are planning the world premier of a new You Tube video. Just watch your six Barry. Believe me no body else will.

Another trip for this piece of #$%$ again. Do us a big favor and fuel the plane only one fourth so America can be FREE!!!!!I hope Israel kill's her enemies instead of using rubber bullets. Their restraint has been more than any country should have to bear.Kill them and they can do no more harm no. Hard to indoctrinate those who are never born.

Egypts military leaders met with Israel before Obama. They said Obama is screwing the pooch feeding the Muslim Brotherhood. (doesn't the leader of the muslim Sisterhood work for Hillary) The Military has had it with them and now they tell Israel about Hamas organizaations and movements. This dispite Obama's innerworkings with Morsi. There is no God but Allah eh Prez, just like your ring says. Had it before college, read his book.

Who know the application to ban name "Obama" from my news on Yahoo. When I read something about him my blood pressure rise, but sex drive go down. Help please.

We The People have a fraud and usurper sitting in the White House going by the name of barack hussein obama using a stolen social security number , forged birth certificate and forged selective service registration card to prove he is a legal sitting US President .We The People demand the US Congress honor their oath to the US Constitution and remove this fraud and usurper barack hussein obama from office under Article 2 Section 1 Clause 5 of the US Constitution .

the palestinian peace process has been moribund since about 1993 with the oslo accords. An israeli terrorist/settler killed Rabin for signing it.

The real question is: Why do democrats love muslim dictators and hate Christian American patriots?

I will give you all 10 bucks each IF I see a pic of good ol' boy Barack standing at the Wailing Wall..................

I hope they keep him.

Until isra hell start respecting it's neighbors, isra hell do not deserves respect from others

Everyone should think about the country and quit giving everything away , like paying for the oboma families intertainment , while our people starve. They give money that is borrowed from china to foreign countries so they can live to fight THE U.S.A.  ANOTHER DAY!Wanna bet Obama sneaks in a secret trip to Mecca?

it's sad that amerika has degenerated to this moronic "news".  Yahoo "journalists"?? should work as Wal-Mart greeters.  The "liar-in-chief" has set the tone for a nation to decline to degeneracy by promoting sodomy, infanticide, and beastial_ty.

President Barack Hussein Obama will do just fine, the people of the East know he's  not part of the Repub's world order scheme and he's willing to work for world justice and peace not world division.

I'd like to see Obama's welcoming party, If they will show it.

his worthless #$%$ look good in the hoodie didnt he.the man from hell.

more and more LIES.

pls do not credit your American ambition of controlling whole world as International action, China ,Russia, southern America, Africa , middle Aisa etc are not in your International team

/11 was a false flag operation carried out by traitors from the military-industrial complex in collaboration with Mossad and the sooner the real criminals are brought to justice, the sooner the endless, phony war on terror can be ended. At the end of the Cold War, the military-industrial complex that Eisenhower warned us about was in a dilemma. There was no more justification for America’s already bloated and ever-increasing arms expenditures without a realistic threat. Enter the "Project for the New American Century". This plan included a remaking of the Middle East that would make it more favorable to Israel and the oil companies and counter the geostrategic influence of upcoming rivals China and Russia. The cornerstone of this entire project of empire building and plunder was to be the phony "War on Terror", against a constantly-evolving, phantom enemy that could never be defeated. It was decided that the price of initiating the phony war and furthering the goals of the megalomaniacal criminals that launched it, was to be 3,000 murdered and countless thousands of others who would develop horrible illnesses from breathing toxic dust and smoke after being fooled into participating in the illegal destruction of evidence.

I thought that after Barry Soetoro embraced the muslim brotherhood they would like the USA darn it guess he could try and give them a copy of his speeches after all who could turn away from such sorring retoric (forgive my spelling)

But The Fruit Of THE HOLY SPIRIT IS Love, Joy, Peace, Longsuffering, Gentleness, Goodness, Faith, Meekness, Temperance: against such there is no law. JESUS Is Surely Returning : )Danny Boy, TRUTH HURTS that bad? AWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Just wait until you hear tea baggers whine when Israel awards Obama a medal, the first sitting US President to EVER get the Israeli Presidential Medal of Distinction.

The short message:  The US Treasury is wide open to Israel, come and fill your pockets.

Obuma has turned me..........Republican!

Gun control, middle east, illegal aliens, health care .. what about jobless Americans?

He runs the entire country into a soon coming depression, attacks our Constitution and throws money out the window. He's the worst president in history. Bush is 2nd.

Muslim extremists, Zionist Jews and Christian fundamentalists - A pox on ALL your houses.You're ALL religious crazies (redundant?) who'll condemn all of us to nuclear fire because of your lunatic beliefs that you don't even really follow, much less believe in.

I know how much you FauxFarks hate facts, but there aren't versions of the truth. Its simply true that obama has raised spending the least of any president since Eisenhower. Dont take my word for it look it up theres tons of verifiable data out there if only because republicans have been claiming the exact opposite for years.Read it and weep republitards.......annualized growth of federal spending in %.Reagan '82-85------------------8.7Reagan '86-89----------4.9Bush I '90-93-----------5.4Clinton '94-97------3.2Clinton '98-01--------3.9Bush II '02-05---------------7.3Bush II '06-09----------------8.1Obama'09-13----1.4

WHY do FDA agents go INTO MEXICO ,..... and give out foodstamps ti 1.4 MILLION MEXICAN nationals?

As Obama has amptly proven to those who voted him into office, he is no more than a series of pseudo-sincere poses and high-minded rhetoric void of actionable substance...he's a puppet for the Jewish lobbies who literally occupy Washington...anyone who bothers to peer into the cabinet appointees in the last four administrations--from Clinton up to Obama will discover a wealth of influential Jews from the banking and investment sectors...Wall Street...etc. Jews approximate less than 1% of the population yet they virtually run Washington in low-profile roles.  Now the Jewish lobbies desire an American proxy-strike on Iran, and history shows us that they invariably get what they want...I just want to see how they spin this in the Jewish-dominated media: when American kids start bleeding and dying for Israel how will American react?????Take away all foreign aid to the muslims!  They proved on 9/11 what they think of us.

Disagree that there is anything new or different.These Jews and Arabs have been fighting and hating for 1000's of years, and will do so for 1000's more.We are wasting our time--and money--having any involvement. They will continue to fight and hate. It is a hopeless situation--luckily, 1/2 way around the world--and we should butt out. None of our business. Anyone remember Vietnam?

The "glow" arround the annointed one is fading fast.

Don't think Israel will listen to any advice from this muslim......They know who he wants to protect....they are not blinded by the obuma dust

Please, will you all stop heckling our President. He's doing the best he can and if you don't stop he'll do more.

we need a republic not an empire,  Israel can fend for itself, it doenst need us

every thing this boil sucker touches turns to #$%$. love the picture with the hoodie.to the tee

Maybe they'll keep him if we're lucky

Obama will accomplish nothing except to act like a jack@ss.  Arab muslims have no respect for him and he can compel then to do NOTHING.

This trip is just a waste of time and tax payer money.  Barack may as well stay home and play more golf.Muslim Brotherhood is the most radical....you know what that means......of all Muslim sect......this is who he is giving our hard earned tax dollars to? Wonder Why?  People need to quit letting msnbc to their thinking for them.

So, they don't expect him to make any progress...then why is he going at ALL? Park AF1 and send a smaller fish, smaller plane!

This piece of #$%$ nations leader will be there to take photos, tour the old city, kiss a muslim ring an scout for a golf place when he's finally done screwing up the American way of life.

I can't post the pic of the poem mentioned here, but do a search for this issue and you will see.Like any plan he has made or used has worked. He is a closet socialist and this is what he is trying to do with the USA. He is what I'd call a traitor terrorist waiting to pounce upon the citizens of the US. Those who back him are no better than he is. I don't know the author of this poem … received it today.  Very thought provoking and poignant.  I do recall, however, the President referring to the Benghazi incident as "a bump in the road."  Today I heard an ex-Navy Seal being interviewed on Fox News regarding a book he has written about how to handle crisis situations in our lives.  At the end of the interview he asked if he could make a comment on Benghazi and of course the anchor said yes.  He then thanked Fox News for keeping the Benghazi story in the news, since other news organizations are not.  He said the Seals who died deserve the public knowing the truth about the whole affair.The poem was written by a MARINE CORPS Officer (ANON).This email needs to be circulated as much as we can possibly keep it going.  I think this is the feeling of the general population and it should be pursued until something is done with the incompetent people involved who literally sat there in the White House and watched the SEALs’ execution on live streaming video and did absolutely nothing!Socialism is a philosophy of failure, the creed of ignorance, and gospel of envy, its inherent virtue is the equal sharing of misery...Winston ChurchillAll Obama has done is get people killed, the nation in debt they will not recover from, and get the US to become a second class nation rather that the 1st class it was. Spend, Spend Spend is all that family knows. Them and Pelosi.

It will be hilarious watching tea bagger heads explode when Bibi and the Israelis comes out groveling.  Bibi put his money on Mitt Romney and lost and now he is hanging on to power by a thread.  Bibi's "coalition" he just put together probably won't last a year.

Talking to Nut-n'Yahoo is a waste of time. He does not listen. all he does is issue demands and ultimatums.

It's Bush's fault!

apologize, apologize, What happened to America as the Strongest country on earth. We are balless with this guy.

Obama is the HBIC (head B!tch in charge) in America. Get over please!

"Remade Mideast poses new perils for Obama on trip"  hahahahaha!  Kim Jung Obama - communist muslim in chief - handed the mid east over to the muslim brotherhood and now the rabid muslim horde is running amok.  Oh!  I know, let's send the muslim brotherhood a few F16's to help with their plan to wipe Israel off the map.  But wait, there's more!  How about a few billion of our children and grand children's taxpayer dollars and a few tons of munitions to go with it!We love our dear leader, don't we?Reagan/Bush 1/Bush 2 all increased the national debt and never passed a balanced budget but you say Obama is the one with the bad financial record....then you totally ignore the fact that your Village Idiot put two unfunded wars on Obamas credit card, add to that the bailouts to save the big 3 and the calapse of the banking industy.....run along now while the rational adults finish cleaning up your mess.........

Mideast landscape is the result of the Arab Spring, Obama supported.

Let's work on Iraq's stability.

danny Boy. I accept facts.Even if they go against what I want things to be. I don't deny those that I do not agree with. Try it, sometime.

Obama's trip will make difference, the Zionists will hold the world to ransom with the support of US and NATO. Downfall of US and Europe will bring the downfall of the Zionists.

When Congress can't get anything done, Obama is a do-nothing President.When he tries to hold Congress accountable, he's a big mean ole bully.When Obama is saying nothing in public, he's not "out there leading. A President should lead."When Obama gets out there and puts proposals on the table, "He's politicizing the issue."The GOP (and the troll shills who will show up here to defend them) can go farkthemselves.

uh michelle, we need to take a trip to the mideast before i start the apocalypse. just gonna stir up a little more stupid s#!t honey. ya know what they say, an antichrist's work is never done. Leave the kids home okay?

"Sweating bullets" ..Society's attacking me..my hair is getting thin.

The president enters the middle east as an AMERICAN LEADER WHO WAS CHOSEN BY THE VAST MAJORITY OF THE PEOPLE!!! Mr. Obama represents America in the highest regard and as difficult as it might be for some people to accept, IT STANDS!

Obama has not visited Israel.  He went to other countries in that region while he was a presidential candidate in 2008.  He has never set foot on the Israeli soil.  EVER.May he have Engine Problems, MAJOR Problems...Amen

obama just wants to hear those famous words..............allah oblamabar!

Fundamentalist Christians -- Package trip (one-way) to the Holy Land: Watch the Israeli-Iranian battle up close and personal; bring your own weapons to fight for Israel; be the first to shake hands with Jesus upon His return. Dial 1-800-ZIO-NAZI. Cheap price, but we will not be Jewed down.

Screw the Zionazis!  Why do we waste our treasure and the blood of our youth on these land-thieving weasels?

Doug. We have allowed our country to be dumbed down since Ike was in office, the $#@% we are seeing develop is the direct result of that dumbing down. Democrazies have put us in the corner for the best part of the last 50 years. I will always be like the elephant that represents the Republican party, I will never forget! God bless America and keep her safe. We will need all the help we can get from this point on  as I am sure the history books will show.

peaceUSA stands FIRM in Theory and Doubts TRUTHFUL PROOFUL

peaceSavage WAR vs CIVIL PEACE

peaceEmpires BAR LAW association LOST its degree of decree of CIVIL FOUNDATION

peace1999 video of junior Bush and senior Bush VS Charles Manson was no OIL CARTEL nor son of OIL CARTEL,,,,yet instructed homocide agendas

peaceSon of a MAYOR of Aruba as a criminal suspect given 50,000. dollars to write a NOVEL BOOK in telling too many lies during questioningpeaceDemocracy made THUGGERY LAWFUL for some people and unlawful for some people

peaceDemocracy divided House of Law professing some Henious  criminals are non apprendables

peaceBC BIBLE still hath WARNING SIGN saying DO NOT ENTER Eden Apple Garden Gate of Knowledge of Forbidden TREE of Knowledge

peaceRoman proclaims to be OUTSIDE KINGDOME of GOD as NON Roman professes to be INSIDE Kingdome of God

peaceCaptured land same as abducted LAND

peaceDemocracy DIVIDED House of Law into civil and savage transactioneers both approved by Empires rules

peaceCow wage DAYS was prior to JEWISH calendar DATE TREE,,,,wedgy birth record into BC BIBLE

peaceTable of Money accountings from Foundation of orgins Olive knows what Apple has no knowledge of foundation of Money Table

peaceNoah PBUH the ONLY HOLOCAUST that ever occurred upon MOTHER EARTHS GEARTH yet Roman culture argues at HITLER claiming second Holocaust

peaceRoman Eden Apple Garden VERISON forbidded  vs OLIVE Garden verison non forbidden foundation of MANKINDpeaceKing David forwarned HOUSE of LAW affairs divided people ,,,,,,ALL people were to be under LAW of CIVIL accountings,,,,,,,Democracy teaches savagery transactions and Boasts publicly

peaceDIVIDED the HOUSE of LAW into NON prosecuteables and PROSECUTEABLES

peacePriviledged criminals and NON priviledged criminals as DIVIDED LAW

k.....keep spewing these LIES!

Owe-bozo shoul grow his hair longer.  I want to compare him to my Chia Pet.

How ironic would it be if Egypt attacked Israel while obama's there, with the munitionsthat obama gave them. Poetic justice?

Barack Obama &amp; his choices = Epic Fail

Real J e w s (not European mixed blood) and A r a b s (M u s l i m s &amp; C h r i s t i a n s) are cousins (half brothers) from way back (children of Abraham &amp; ancestors). This is a domestic family dispute between cousins for the land and yet the whole world is gotten involved into this mess and mesh. Throughout J e w i s h history, the J e w s downfall always happens when they become arrogant, lose their ethics and humanitarian behavior towards their adversaries, esp. when they are superior in power. They then want complete control and total ownership of whatever they can get by hook or by #$%$. It is about time they should become humble and not consider themselves superior and the only chosen ones by divinity. Learn to live like good neighbors especially with your cousins (A r a b M u s l i m s &amp; C h r i s t i a n s) and let peace come to the rest of the world. Please read the book, "Observations, Perceptions &amp; Questions".

Obama and Biden are both out of country? Seems I remember a big hoopla when Bush and Cheney were both out at same time..no mention today...somebody lock the doors..

It begins in the summer of 1968. Nixon feared a breakthrough at the Paris Peace talks designed to find a negotiated settlement to the Vietnam war, and he knew this would derail his campaign.He therefore set up a clandestine back-channel involving Anna Chennault, a senior campaign adviser.At a July meeting in Nixon's New York apartment, the South Vietnamese ambassador was told Chennault represented Nixon and spoke for the campaign. If any message needed to be passed to the South Vietnamese president, Nguyen Van Thieu, it would come via Chennault.In late October 1968 there were major concessions from Hanoi which promised to allow meaningful talks to get underway in Paris - concessions that would justify Johnson calling for a complete bombing halt of North Vietnam. This was exactly what Nixon feared.The Paris peace talks may have ended years earlier, if it had not been for Nixon's subterfugeChennault was despatched to the South Vietnamese embassy with a clear message: the South Vietnamese government should withdraw from the talks, refuse to deal with Johnson, and if Nixon was elected, they would get a much better deal.Thank God..the democraps will never will a third term..they can thank Obama!

Tell them we are not going to bumb Iran for them and come on back home

On the afternoon of 8 June 1967, while in international waters off the northern coast of the Sinai Peninsula, the USS Liberty was attacked and damaged by the Israel Defense Forces; 34 American crewmen were killed and 173 wounded.Although severely damaged with a 39-foot-wide (12 m) by 24-foot-high (7.3 m) hole amidships and a twisted keel, Liberty’s crew kept her afloat, and she was able to leave the area under her own power.

The United States of America should cease to be Israel's handmaiden.President George Washington warned us of this very situation in his Farewell Speech, 1796:"Against the insidious wiles of foreign influence (I conjure you to believe me, fellow-citizens) the jealousy of a free people ought to be constantly awake, since history and experience prove that foreign influence is one of the most baneful foes of republican government. But that jealousy to be useful must be impartial; else it becomes the instrument of the very influence to be avoided, instead of a defense against it. Excessive partiality for one foreign nation and excessive dislike of another cause those whom they actuate to see danger only on one side, and serve to veil and even second the arts of influence on the other. Real patriots who may resist the intrigues of the favorite are liable to become suspected and odious, while its tools and dupes usurp the applause and confidence of the people, to surrender their interests.""The great rule of conduct for us in regard to foreign nations is in extending our commercial relations, to have with them as little political connection as possible. So far as we have already formed engagements, let them be fulfilled with perfect good faith. Here let us stop."

and the racist haters have appeared right on time! LOL

The President is entering a situation that has been 70 years in the making.  ll-conceived policies of Great Britain and the USA created the middle east crisis we are living with. American media is so biased in it's reporting that it is a big disappointment to the world. A world that long ago thought of America as the symbol of justice. Now the president will go to Israel and assure Israel that what they are doing is okay with the USA, that occupation &amp; settlements are just fine and that the taxpayer money will continue without strings attached.

I wonder if Obama will have to come into the knesset from the side entrance?

Right-wingers should be cheering for Obama, he has done everything Bush would have done in the Middle East. It's liberals who should be disappointed with Obama.

he promotted a radical middle east he got it, and now it is a bigger mess then when he found it

OK Obama we know that you are not a Christian, this is a for sure thing, but really we do not know why you hate Christians that much. This can only be explained by the notion that you are really truly a Muslim. This news made Obama the Muslim in Chief's day! He is probably celebrating this event with his good for nothing John Kerry who wanted to preach democracy in the Middle east, and what they did is to instate the AlQaeda terrorists in Lybia, the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt and trying to push Alqaeda terrorists in Syria. Someone tells me HOW OBAMA THE CLOWN CLAIMS TO BE A CHRISTIAN??????????????When I reached "an Iran that seemingly inches closer to nuclear weapons capability despite intensified international sanctions," I stopped reading. Go lick your masters' zi0-scr0tums, MATTHEW LEE

Sadly no one expects much from this man.  Only more taxes and more vacations from him.He tries to tell another leader how to run their country when this one is going done the drain.

Does he really think that they are that gullible.......Can't buy their support Obuma.....

From the comments I see the Republicans wont EVER figure out what they did WRONG.

does Israel have ihops? I know the muslim joints do.

While Ariel Sharone was the prime minister of Israel, he realized at the end that for the long lasting peace of the region and prosperity and better relationship with its neighbors, it was necessary to return the forcibly annexed land to its Palestinian owners. So, he started forcibly taking the Israeli settlers out of these occupied territories. But, it was not accomplished as the right wing conspiracy put him into a deadly coma state that he is still in. The only other decent prime minister was Yitzahk Rabin who was killed by an Israeli extremist for creating a settlement treaty with the Palestinians. Throughout M u s l i m history, the persecuted Jews from Europe and other places have been given sanctuaries in Morocco, Turkey and other Arab countries. The Zionists in Israel have started the same kind of ethnic cleansing as done to them and learned from the Spanish Inquisition and German #$%$. Please read the book, "Observations, Perceptions &amp; Questions".

From the BBC:Declassified tapes of President Lyndon Johnson's telephone calls provide a fresh insight into his world. Among the revelations - he planned a dramatic entry into the 1968 Democratic Convention to re-join the presidential race. And he caught Richard Nixon sabotaging the Vietnam peace talks... but said nothing.

TO EVERYONE WHO OPPOSES GAY MARRIAGE or believes that your bible gives you the moral authority to dictate the rights of others. Your children will look back on you like we look at those who told Blacks and Women that they didn't have the same rights as WHITE MEN. You are on the wrong side of history and your bullshiat will die with you.....

Traveling and Eating is what he is becoming famous for.

If he is just going over to hold hands, than why go and waste our tax dollars?bronco bama is still the greatest and most transcendent, not to mention intelligent, president in our nation's history. the others know this and that's why they're trying to subvert his reign over them and theirs. four more years, folks. then i'll stop participating in politics as well.

These Jews are too much trouble.

Instead of arguing with me while denying the truth. maybe conservatives should just buy the book,"Hubris: The Inside Story of Spin, Scandal, and the Selling of the Iraq War [Paperback] " they don't have the guts.

little O is a big peril

Seems that either conservatives don't like the fact that Bush lied so he could go to war. and, Nixon ruined the peace talks, just so he could win the election. So,, more people died that shouldn't have. Or, conservatives don't like the truth about their party.

Now that this years Cpac convention is over and all the Teatards are full of red meat they can crawl into their cages and wait to be shipped to the next Circus!

Conservatives really can't take the truth about themselves. There are tapes of the people involved saying how Nixon planned to extend the Vietnam war. Just so he can get elected. And, Conservatives deny it. LMAO!

Poor Maria so eager to help the oppressed Palestinians...

Romney would have won if it wasn't for the corrupt obumabots!

The funny thing about the GOP is that they love wars. Right before the election, LBJ said that peace was at hand in North Vietnam. But, Nixon had someone speak to South Vietnam about not accepting the terms.Just so he could win the election. The BBC has many of these phone talks on tape. Bush, to get people to accept his having war with Iraq, Had his cronies think of someway to get people to go along. So, they thought up WMDs.To bad odummer's plane and bydumb's plane could not cross paths in flight...preferably head on.  God save the crews.

Must be nice to live in the fairy tale world obuma has created for his followers.....But some have to live in the real world.

Israel is surrouned by countries that want to completely and utterly destroy them........We have to remain allies with them

The 'Dark Lord' is returning to his land of origin................

So sick of this Israel-Palestine issue....wake me up when it's over.

We better have Israel's back for those who dont will reap the wrath of God very soon...the Bible...

'... and will continue to be an honest broker ...' - Only the US has the gall to try to spin this as doable, that the US can be Israel's ally, surrogate and lapdog, and still be impartial in its dealings with Israel's adversaries. lol

well they keep him please we dont need him back in this country keep him over there with his on people we or not hes people

He is only "Commander in Chief" after the senate has voted to go to war. Which they haven't done since 1942

our involvement is a big reason why that area is so messed upNon-Americans are NOT impressed with Obama's "rock star status", they focus on real issues, something Obama has no clue about.

Didn't he bypass Israel on his first trip to the middle east......The jewish people do not trust him and with good cause, just like Americans no longer trust him.......It has just taken some longer than others to see him for what he is.

Obama must be focused on one thing. Free Palestine from Israel occupation lasted for 65 years. Enough is enough damn Israel.

He needs to stop giving millions of dollars to our enemies and Israel's enemies.

The existence and further development of Israeli settlements in the disputed territories of the West Bank, East Jerusalem, and the Golan Heights are a provocation, and Israel knows it.

And Conservatives whine and cry like babies.  You have four more years of Obama and then 8 years of Hillary crybabies.

I hope something happens on his trip and he doesnt comeback!

There is no length of party prosperity that the GOP can't rewrite out of their history. These are the people that disacknowledge eight years of Bush.....like it never happened.....

Isreal and the middle east countries are well aware that this president is an empty suit and has no shame in speaking out both sides of his mouth in the same breath.  His focus is whatever makes his image better.  This is a show trip.  The actions of our government now is do anything, talk about anything other than address and take meaningful action on our economic demise.  He hopes to be able to go across the oceans to blow happy smoke up their butts all along hoping he can accomplish the same thing here at home.

Isnt this the wonderful arab spring he and the media kept gushing and oohhing and aaawwwing about?Obama-what a disappointment you are. Actions speak louder than words-your actions have shown nothing more than to  move to a one world government-take away the second amendment and leave the us citizens at your total control. Get out of office. I guess you do not remember when the dark skinned were nothing but slaves to the white man and now you want to make us slaves to you- a true hypocrite............................................................................................

obama is a waiter not a leader

Maybe he will get on his knees this time.

If the US can cause the death of hundreds of thousands of Iraqi's based on lies willingly accepted by the american people, do you think they care about palestinian woman and children. US population is thoroughly conditioned and brainwashed by zionist media propaganda. Sad but true.

Please some one over in Israel take him out, for the love of GOD.

remember when, after 13 years of the Israeli Supreme Court telling the Israeli government that a particular group of settlers had stolen land from a palestinian, the Israeli parliment tried to change the laws of Israel to make the settlement legal, then when they couldn't do that, they gave the Jewish theives new homes?

All of the 57 states hope that Owe-blamo's food tester cannot make the trip!

Seems to me that only those who want to attack who the article is about, post comments. Look on any article about the GOP, and NO ONE has anything good to say.

Anyone thinks that the underage troll, Danny Boy hates facts?

The person that actually gets a real treaty with Palestine and Israel that will make two states and two temples on the temple mount is the anti-christ.  And fwi, the teaching of the church being caught up 7 years early, although popular, is wrong.Obuma's supporters are just like him.......personally attack anyone that has the nerve to express an opinion that does not see him in as the great messiah.

Yeah maybe he will find he's roots a stay there. That would be nice!

Obamas speech to the students should start by saying the TIMES OF LIES AND DECEPTION BY THE ISRAELI GOVERNMENT IS OVER................................

Hey Obozo, you get what you create, and the Israeli's are tired of you telling them how to keep their country safe and secure.  Now, get back in your Hobbit hole!

Why to focus on Iran?? Didn't invade it's neighbors for the last 500 years. Never was against United Nations. Never stole money or land from any non-Muslims living in Iran. NOT like Israel:Land and money theft. Occupied Palestine since 1948 till today. jailed over 850000 Palestinians. Killed more than 65000 civilians. Demolished more than 100000 homes or villages in Palestine. Never listened to United Nations except when united nations recognized Israel as a state in november 1947.

The Israelis are awarding Obama the Israeli Presidential Medal of Distinction, he will be the first sitting American President to receive it.  Eat your heart out, tea baggers.

I bet Israel will finally push him to a bloody war on Iran... This war , probably changes the face of the world , US economy will collapse and US position will be downgraded. The Graham act in Senate and other AIPAC recent steps already paved the way..

Lookin" for cheap oil?  Not!  So whats the point of this trip. Oh, thats right nothing except a family gathering.

Remade for whom?

Remade Mideast.................think about the headline opener.  Who 'remade' the mideast or is in the process of destroying it and calling it remade?everything change but that evil cancerous hate of judaism will remain the same ,..

All the idiotic comments from right-wingers explain why McCain and Mitt lost and why the GOP will never retake the White House. Conservatives are idiots obsessed with hating anyone who isn't a Republican and don't actually care about the issues. In foreign policy, Obama is further to the right than Bush.

Obama was the guy that thought the Arab spring was a great idea.  Now he is worried; why?  Him and Hillerbilly wanted this.

Thank you President Obama for bringing our troops home, for killing OBL, and for standing up for the middle class and poor. PS. don't let the Republicans and Teabillys get us in another war.

The biggest peril is Israel

I hope he has a safe flight and chokes on a peanut.....

Obama has continued Bush's policies in the Middle East, so for conservatives to criticize his foreign policy is idiotic. He has done exactly what Bush has done, so liberals should be angry and right-wingers should be cheering for Obama.

Hope they all follow his rules on drone attacks against him

Some muslim turd rpg the bazturd commie.........call it luv taps

Do we know if these strange people living into there 90's use fluoride and inject there livestock with poison's?I hope obama and israel is planning to invade Iran. The Veterans needs JOB !!!!!

Obama's trip will be devoted for Israel security  is the first, otherwise he should leave the WH to...

They should tie his a22 to the pillar at Mecca and the muslimes can all REALLY stone the devil during Hajj.

Fredl: i would be willing to pay a monthly fee for a conservative portal

If you have agenda to sell weapons and grab oil fields. You have no intention for peace. You may stay home and save tax payers money.

I guess osama will deliver the billions of dollars to them himself instead of having someone else giving it to them.  Fax these towel heads instead and save on all that travel cost.

how about obama poses threat to middle east?

Its his first trip as commander in chief. He did not go during his first term, only as a candidate.

With the middle East a complete stranger to Obama he has a lot of catching up to do...like 4 years worth...

He can't get away with lying to them like he does us...Most of r media is control by the zionists....so stop crying for god sake, next time when u go to the poll think twice to whom to vote.starting from low to upper,city hall,senate,.congress,house of rep.to the president.thats if u  are  a real american....

It’s scary how stupid some of these post are.

This is only his first tripp to Israel . Bout time but he made time to show his tucked tail for the rest of the middle east .

It's Bushki's fault...

obama is a loser now the whole world knowes he is just a lier no need for congress just the 2/3 vote of the we the people of the what is left of the united states to give him his walking papers this has become a damned joke

How else can obama fail the jewews and the arabs?40 years of careful peace making thrown out as this islam firster destroys pecaae to install the neo nazei muslim brotherhood!

"Having run his last race as a political candidate, he is no longer beholden to the whims of voters."   hahahahaha libs hahahahaha  he's coming for your rights and money too

It didn’t take long for the rest of the conservative blogosphere to pick up on McCarthy’s argument that the President was giving money to the Muslim Brotherhood, as a quick Google search reveals.There’s just one problem with the meme. It isn’t true.

Hubris: The Inside Story of Spin, Scandal, and the Selling of the Iraq War [Paperback]

Who will listen to that baboon?Barack Obama &amp; his choices = Epic Fail

the author says "palestine seeking recognition as a state at the UN"....but Palestine does not SEEK, Palestine IS now a State voted+approved in a huge majority at the United Nations in fall 2012.Is the author that much pro-Israel to write such a mistake ?Or is this article pure propaganda and not a news article...?

I guess President Obama is trying to get a peace settlement between United States and the Bomb...  Mid East

Looks like USA is more in need of "Democracy"...

No-body wins wars anymore...  We don't need another war.

I am so happy he can visit his home or country.

There goes El Diablo....muslim devil boy

tell the sunnis that Obama is a #$%$, and vice versa; then they'll really express thier religion of peace

I think you meant "COWARD in CHIEF", IF he wants war in Syria so badly... he better start TRAINING now, because the VAST MAJORITY of OUR SERVICEMEN &amp; WOMEN, despise him, with a PASSION, and would NOT follow him to a BARBEQUE,.... Why doesn't he just #$%$..?

I disagree with N A no money was paid the tanks and fighter jets were given.Obama visit to peace in the middle east is a wish that will never come true.[love America].

The Muslims believes the western civilization are Infidels their men must be killed and their women must be raped and for each Muslim sacrifice his blood for this cause is a mortar.* The Qumran promised the Mortars they will enter heavens where 12 virgins awaiting them.

Predator1, did u know that ur mom and dad were brother and sister? So in actuality that would also make them aunt and uncle! Both mommy and aunty should've swallowed!

Why does Obama need to pander to israel if he's into his second term?

the domestic issues that now drive the agenda in Washington ? Are they talking about the Deficit ? Fiscal Cliff ? Balanced Budget ? Illegal Immigration or Gun control ? We all know that Gun Control is not about Guns, It's strictly about CONTROL.ANY politician that fails to uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States of America should have their citizenship revoked , and be labeled as an enemy of the USA.

Muslims are barbaric heathens.....they want to kill and destroy anyone that does not worship their GOD....Israel has the right, whether obuma believes it or not to defend itself.....one country against so many evil ones.

Americans in general have no taste or willing to help the Nazi Israel. It is the American Congress which is filled with Neocans Zionists or Israel supporters. What a shame to allow those thugs to destroy you America.

Yeah ask him how his Romney endorsement working out for him. Let him beg for money like they always do.

Think of all the hot air he will be blowing for nothing......when he could stay here and blow the same hot air and it would not cost us a thing.

Romney 2016 LmaoThe Israeli's require more than coolness, swag, and a slick tongue from their leader...

"  Thus, U.S. officials have set expectations low for the trip. No new plan to bring Israel and the Palestinians back to the negotiating table  "What total absolute BS!!!!  There never was a 'negotiating table"...why not just drop the worn-out pretentions that the Israeli filth are interested in peace?  What they want is more land and more money---they get one from the Palestinians and the other from U.S. taxpayers. Obama has been summoned to Israel to hammer out the panned U.S. proxy-strike on Iran that Netanyahu demands...seems the Jews are a bit squeamish about confronting a military that will shoot back at them, the IDF excels at shooting unarmed Arab children and preganant Mothers, but the Iranian Royal Guard will shoot back, so Obama is being told to enlist American kids to fight, bleed and die for Israel's inalienable right to continue terrorizing the native Palestinians...

Netanyahu is nothing but a great liar.

Romney 2012 Lmfao Losers on here are mad.

The so called"peace process"has never been more than a smokesceen for the theft of palestinian land,erasing of all trace of culture and history and killing or expulsion of palestinians with the odd Nobel prize for USraelhelli leaders as sop to their inflated egos and bankrupt morality.

Fox News it's just unfair he won.

His only objective this time is to deepen our debt by taking Air Force One on a fruitless journey to the Holy Land he cares nothing of.

Scorch----do you get your info from a bottle a needle or a natural birth defect ?

Fox puppets all hate all the time. Cpac got you Fox people all hyped up. Was it palin's brilliant speech or Trump's lol.

Legacy comes to people who tackle hot topics and do extraordinary efforts to resolve them. Not to those who give up before the end to avoid extra work and fatigue...It surely does not come from assuring everyone that everything is fine in the middle of a fire. Hope the article is wrong about him just sitting out his last term - another merit of democracy in a society without conscience.Good

Any day that p.o.s leaves the country, is a damn good day!

When is this #$%$ going to stay in the white house and do something about job creation and the price of food and oil as well gas .......Dumbo in charge loves to fly around on our green back      Impeachment is a better choice

Ok can we drop all the war and guns and look at the bigger pict. we have to get the evil out of or country and school and homes and government. we the people we own the government not them we as in every hard working and no working person in the USA . in a year we well be told what we can do and have check points and the wrong government controlling us with food gas electric money and or life. we dont need to be control in or own country grow some balls and we can stop this.and if like to do what his dad did go to ur dad country and do it there not here.or military is being #$%$ on by or on government. they get no more college nothing butt a #$%$ #$%$ty #$%$ pay and a bunch of #$%$ty #$%$ metals that cant feed ur family cops get less then a person on food stamps #$%$ that firemen they get nothing for there war on fires and other stuff .JUST LOOK AT THE BIGGER BIGGER PICT MY OIL MY COAL AND MY RICE WE WELL SELL IT TO WHO WE LIKE U THE GOVERNMENT.so white and black people how do u think the native american felt when we stole there land and killed there family's.yep yep yep look at the bull#$%$ marry who the #$%$ u like to and move on its a free choice u will pay for ur on sin butt don't try and stuff it or face let those #$%$s get married if the like.let those other country stay in there on country they need us we don't need there bull #$%$. we can build and make and pay.we can grow or on food drill or on oil. don't like or country u can #$%$ off and don't come here and #$%$ with us . we don't like ur god we have two as there is.if its ur god keep him in ur on country

All obama has to think about for the rest of his term is how many vacations he and his spend, spend, spend wife will take on the taxpayers dime. Israel's biggest threat is coming to town. Hope they defend themselves.

He is going to "court" Israeli's, sorry Mr. Pres. they are too intelligient to fall for your nonsense.

this trip will cost 50 million dollars adding to the 20 tril already owed by the usa.

All we need is a 308. Problem solved and we can start fixing the economy

Hopefully every country Yobama, visits will have snipers guarding him. Hope, hope, hope. Remember they're our friends, right?

Remember when Biden laughed like woody the woodpecker when Paul Ryan talked about Iran's nuclear capabilities....saying, they are nowhere close to nuclear warheads, well whose laughing now?    Noone!You can hardly see Obama's bomb vest, he probably got a 'one size bigger' suit jacket.He will not be able to control his hatred of the Israelis, on this trip.He knows it, that's the reason he refused to go, until now.It's gonna be a sight to see, the islamic ji hadist losing it, in Israel.

Wake up Obama! look who your paying Billions to! and what do they give us in return? NOTHING BUT DEBT! You should be paying Billions to Your Own Country- For God Sakes, my 5th graders US history books ENDS WITH BUSH SENIOR!

You da man Mr. President, Your doing a great job.

Obama is wasting our money.  The arabs and muslims are more out of control than ever.  He has no influence over them even though he loves them.  They killed out ambassador, and no one is stepping up to apologize to the US.  The pals WERE GIVEN land, and used that to launch rockets.  The Knesset HAS arab muslim and palestinian members in political power in Israel, yet the demons continue to show they are missing links from cavemen, oooops, cavemen had some skills in quality of life.  No offense meant to cavemen.

While he`s over there ,put on the front battle line. Worked for david.

Why send our boy,commander -in-chief when they could have sent our comander-in-chief- foot-in-mouth VP.We need Obomi at home to golf with the Tiger.Jim

If you're a Judeo-Christian, you better care about what happens in Israel.

no one will forgive you about what you did to Egypt by supporting terrorist to take power and killing egyptian..you are deceiving your people about egypt, syria...

Free Palestine unconditionally. Allow Palestinians to live normally like any other nation on earth.

Apology Tour 2.0? 0bama's a big one to talk about being sensitive and un provokingRemember when Reagan was attacked and in the hospital, the vice prez was out of country?  Alex Haigue claimed he was the next in line to be prez. Think about it.

With a few adjectives and nouns this whole article could read like a very positive report on the state of the world. "Gone are the authoritarian regimes and leaders in Tunisia, Egypt, Libya and Yemen, and the once seemingly indestructible Assad regime in Syria is tottering on the brink of collapse." Perhaps Obama did deserve the Nobel Peace Prize after all.....

Hang in there Mr. President. You're doing a fine job. Even though you get nothing but #$%$ from the other party. Who flat out refuse to help this country get better.

At least Obama is smart enough he doesn't need a Condi Rice whispering factoids in his ears like the Shrub.  He knows BB is not interested in peace and he knows the Arab spring has sprung up as many losers as winners.

To Lab Rat, .. that is a TERRIBLE way to treat your #$%$ splatters!

Some monarchies are friends to the US while other are bitter enemies. Do we have a democratic monarchy? Sounds controversial isn't it?

With many of the negative anti-Obama comments on this article its a deliberate positioning of "Obama in a damn if you do damn if you don't" situation.If he gives Israel the nod to do a preemptive strike on Iran to shore up Jewish relations with his administration; a move that could definitely put the U.S back into another ground war or worse is not going to change the opinions of him by nay-sayers on this page.I've lived 67 years to know that if people hate you as a person for whatever the reason be it for what or who you are or are not; you cannot buy their favor no matter what you do or don't do. They will continue to hate you simply because you exist being in the position your in.I've always thought that it was a grave mistake for Obama to go after Bin-Laden because America would not appreciate him anymore for doing it than they would if he were able to secure a job for every person wanting to work or a debt free new home for every person that lost one and wanted a new one or even a debt free surplus U.S economy!Like one famous historian wrote: "Hate like love is unconditional, it will never yield to the success or generosity of its objects only to the change of heart of its beholder mirroring ...themselves!"

I love to come here and see right-wingers crying and throwing tantrums because Obama is president. Now they know what it felt like to be a liberal during the Bush Administration. It's good to see you idiot right-wingers suffer and know there is nothing you can do.

republican party is made of people that are proud of the separatist confederate flag loving old men. the result of letting them vote is what we have today. my vote is to not allow southern conquered lands to vote for anything in the United States of America.

Israel has attacked each of these nations. Now why is there a problem?Obama has nothing to fear while wasting our money in the Mid East. That's his stomping grounds , where he was reared and where his sympathies lie with his old pals the Mulahs.  Where he should be afraid is right here at home where he destroys American lives every day and where the GOP does nothing to stop him.

The common theme for any Yahoo article with either a photo or headline of Barack Obama produces incredible amounts of vitriol.  This article is no exception.  The curious thing is beyond simple minded bile there are no posts with any intelligent objections to Barack Obama's policies or actions.  You find the odd Benghazi claim pop up, but beyond that there isn't any substance.  What would you have the president do about American interests in the area?  Does he leave Israel to fend for itself?  Does he bring every American home and give up military bases in the area?  Does he walk away from Iran?  If he continues to aid Israel and encourage the regimes around it to work for a two state solution will you continue to complain?  If he builds relationships with Arab regimes to assist in containing Iran will you vilify him as a Muslim?  Seems to me the reality of our dependence on the region is of little importance to most comments.  This is just an excuse for bashing Obama from a group who hasn't a clue and doesn't even suspect.  The good news is there aren't a lot of reflexively stupid people in America.  The bad news is there are enough to elect Louie Gohmert and Paul Broun or people like them.  Keep up the blather Yahoos.

Don't expect the U.S. to support the Palestinian causes,  they are being totally being bought by the Israelis Lobby in Washington D.C.  Israel is the God-father of the American.  Isreal will keep on building more Jewish settlements on Occupied Land until no more land will be available for the Palestinian Statehood.  These are the fact of life.  Isrealis Army will take on any armies in the Middle-East,  off course with American secret help and military support.

hope he gets some jew poon tang

what are we promising the jews some funding to rebuild the western wall

Really tough for Israel.....the ONly democracy in the area.....surrounded by a bunch of haters.......  Good luck Mr president on your trip.....come back home safe !

DIP#$%$-

Americans voted for Obama because he's one of the greatest president's we ever have. Now all the idiots who hate him for his great leadership can do is whine on the internet, where no one who matters will listen to their idiotic comments.

When some American people do not respect a (Democrat or Republican) President of the United States, other countries do not have any respect for the American People (Democrats or Republicans).So much for other countries having respect for the "greatest country" in a civilized world, when some Americans choose not to get along with their own President and other Americans!

Israel is a 64+ year old infant still sucking on the teat of the American taxpayer.When is Israel going to grow up and pay its own way?What a joke Yahoo. You make me sick!!!!!!!How about America???????

Didn't know Romney was planning on running in 2016.

What a waste.

DAY #117 in the UNITED NATIONS blue neck tie/noose...!

what peril you talking about? the middle east is a total #$%$ hole.

George 111 would find it ironic to see his breakaway colony now the sole supporter of one of the last colonial settlements.

Obama is the President of the United States.  There is nothing that you can do to change that.(Your comments and opinions did not and will not make a difference.  President Obama was re-elected.  He probably got re-elected because of your disrespect for him).Even the Asian (74%) voted for Obama.  Therefore, you cannot say "that free stuff" and the "stupid" voted for him,... because most Asians are highly educated, do not live in poverty, and believe in respect, especially towards their elders.Unlike most Americans, if you do not agree with them they call you names and insult you.So, what is the point in continuing your obsession over President Obama.

A bunch of sore losers. We got four more years so pace yourself. don't want you to spew out all your hate in fifth year lol.

lets just start mining them rich deposits of minerals and metals already!

Is Obama really Satan... or is he our Savior...I'm so confused...Yahoo please tell me what to think!Gone are the authoritarian regimes, what about the Saudi, the Bahrain and Qator goverments? Ooops they are our lapdogs.

obama worried about low approval rating of Israel people !that says it all.every president has to kiss their #$%$.sb

Lets see what the racist zionazi's try and sell obama! after all they are taugh from the most racists book ever written to man their T A L M U D!!!!!!!!!!!

Osama,oh oops i meant obama,is going home!!!!(be really nice if he would stay there!!!

What we will do with the Zionazis terrorists ??What we will do with the Killers of the palestinian children??What we will do with the thiefs of the Palestinian land??When we will be an DEMOCRATIC NATION and NOT the BICH OF THE ZIONAZIS??When we will be an democratic  nation and not an ZIONAZI COLONY??

Hope Obama get wise of the Israel GAME of finding excuses and diversions . Anything to AVOID giving the Palestinians a HOMELAND.He is dealing with the JEWs, if he gives an inch ,they will eat him up.

During the dark days of the illegal Bush dictatorship, it seemed like democracy and prosperity were dead in America. Thank God Bush was removed from power and Obama is now fixing the disastrous mistakes Bush made. God bless America, God bless Obama.

Obama is hated so much in Israel that they beat up illegal African Muslim immigrants because they remind Israelis of Obama. Attacks have increased since Obama won reelection.

lets hope he never returns

It is not uncle Tom , it is uncle AIPACFunny how things works out.Netanyhu did his damnest to corrupt our presidentalelection, and unseat Obama.Now he's in a very weak position within his own Gov't..When you go to dig a whole for somone dig two, one for your self.

Rubio and Palin 2016. Slam dunk she can see Russia from here front porch . Sit her out there to keep watch .LOL

Wow, the MSM tells of Obama`s wave of destruction in the first paragraph.

Obama taught the terrorist Muslim Brotherhood that the way to power was thru peaceful democratic elections. They know that decades of terrorism never got them there but democracy did. Terrorism got them prison, torture &amp; death. Democracy and they're in power. That's is how you diffuse terrorism.

What the hell is the writer talking about? This is going just as Obama planned and its working great! Obama triggered all of these revolutions for democracy in the fundamentalist Muslim world with his Cairo speech. No American lives lost in any of those wars. Obama is a phking genius.

All of the Middle-east leaders shake in their boots when Obama's around. They are very wary and respectful of him. You don't see him calling Netenyahu my friend or kissing a Saudi prince. Obama is a formidable statesman and ferocious warrior as well.

All of you jokers knocking our beloved president, please; first try doing so using proper grammar and while you are at it learn how to spell.  And by the way, if you dislike him so much why on Earth are you always writing and talking about him; don't you have something else to do?

fwap! fwap! fwap! goes the TEA BAG!'om! nom! nom!', retardlican!

There are just too many of you hateful people to respond to. Our President has improved our situation. We are no longer losing 700,000-800,000k jobs a month. Housing values are improving, unemployment is improving and manufacturing output is up. Yes, we have a deficit; back in 1999, we had none. Cowboy started two unpaid wars and cut taxes at the same time. What kind of idiot does that?This President is taking out our enemies at a rapid pace. Cowboy said that taking out Bin Laden, was not a priority. Cheney said that deficits do not matter. (That is unless you are not in power).

Only a blind fool or a sadist/amoral person would support the Zionists Regime...“If you have no ‘humanity’ in youThen what good are you?The mindless ‘Sheeple’The ignorant peopleHatred without proper reasonIs surly a slap at freedom?They have no knowledge of theHoly QuranYet want to bash the Noble Prophet (pbuh) and IslamThey hate Muslims mindlessly without knowing the true storyThey even forget victims of USS Liberty and Rachel CorrieThey kill the weak people of the Middle East and the Far EastWithout finding out the ‘Truth’ those mindless Beasts!!!The ‘Truth’ is far from that which is portrayed on the mediaYou can’t even find it in encyclopedia!You need to read the Quran or converse with Muslims to solve the MysteryYour Media has been hijacked, even your Books and HistoryDear God, will they ever understand us?They think Muslims hate them, even though they are the ones who are killing usLittle do they know, little do they understandI wish they were wise enough to comprehendMuslims hate the warmongers, the invaders, the land thievesIf you don't have enough knowledge about us then research please!”

Netanyahu - IdiNyahu ..... F*** israel ..Holy place belongs to PALESTINE.... F*** us*rulers

hope they make him their bich by wearing one of those yamkas on his dome and bowing down at the wailing wall lol

God bless and keep our President, his crew, and staff, safe on their trip to war-torn Middle East.

We have nuclear weapon to BOMB US soon

Nothing stays the same.  We shall see if Obama rises to the occasion and makes the best of the situation without money attached to it.

As a palestianian not to be angry or bias but i really wont be content in the middle east without my country back. Don't get me wrong i dont hate jews in fact i have jewish friends the only jews i hate are ZIONIST JEWS!

There was a Nation before every Nation on the planet earth... but no Nation has the right to commit genocide or militarily takeover someone else’s land...boo boo Israel ~ The TERRORIST State

The President's hair is getting grayer perhaps we as a nation should be nicer to him when he gets back from his trip.

Where was all the man rifle hugging Republican election night. Crying watching Fox. It's not 51% of the people is dumb it you. Cpac had Palin lmao she said she could see Russia from here porch lol. Who's dumb again that vote really proves who's dumb.Five bucks says this time he licks some serious Jewish butts..... They all do for some reason that it defies reason..... lickaway!!!

Theresa, he'll probably be apologizing 4 America having sent knuckle head mark rubio over there a month ago as some sort of presidential hopeful! Lol

America can and will protect Israel against all its enemies except one: itself. We can never protect Israel against its seemingly insatiable appetite to consume every inch of land from the Mediterranean to the Euphrates River. How sad is that...they are doomed to their own hubris.

“America should be ashamed of itself for not rescuing the innocent PalestiniansInstead openly supporting the cursed Israelis and their TerrorismChristians are blind to the atrocities of IsraelAre God's 'chosen people' required to do genocide???Help the innocents please! Help the victims!Help the needy in any circumstance!Their lives are as important as sacred as yours!They are not created just to die in these useless wars!!!”

he better dnt bother, he shuld not bother putting his two leg inside hot water dat he wn't able 2 handle.

Call him what you want as long as it starts with President . Obama 2016 lol

q. what's white and gray and rolls around the mcdonald's parking lot all day?a. a TEA BAG and a pigeon fighting over a french fry (freedom fry).

"Why does USA support Israel?....AIPAC Zionist Israels lobby...I hear what they can't bribe they blackmail + plus there are Dual "citizens" in Congress &amp; Senate. The USA is a ZOG (Zionist occupied Government)"

really sick of racists and other complete idiots parroting fox "news"   without having a clue of what the world is really like... go visit Israel, learn a language, read news papers..support you chosen leader... stop calling names....  if you idiots are  anything like average americans...i give that country  8 months before it will fall down...  luckely... I know a bunch of smart americans, who do support their country, and do care about their fellow human beings...(let's have a new law... any body who failed at geography, history, and doesn't speak more than two languages, is not aloud to vote, go on the internet, buy guns or cars or use cars or guns, these lazy idiots are a danger to all of us..)

Don't worry fellow Republican our future looks bright. Palin, Trump, and Rubio Aww slam dunk. Fox predict another landslide victory .LMFAOpresident Obama, actually is the president of the USA, so why is everybody so surprized he tries to do good things for his own people in the first place?   Peace in the middle east is good for business, and good for the USA, a strong and stable Israel is good for peace in the middle east, so naturally the USA supports Israel, for instance by paying for Irondome...   the enemy of Israel is not the president, it is the extremists like the teaparty, these idiots haven't got a clue about how the world works... and are not in touch with reality.

who cares about that region. Jews hate Obama. They think they have the right to tell us what to do. They always want our soldiers to fight their wars and they want our money too.Screw them all

Hillary Clinton 2016  .Twelve years to fix the mess these #$%$ republicans put us in . Ending Wars and putting that money back into our country. He's doing his a great job. While you disrupt vote against your own policies you wrote. Smart people figure out how to work  problems out. stupid people spit hate and have no  solutions.

Obama

Republat  u  r  d  s   would like to have someone stupid in the whitehouse -------------------   like palin  or perry

Are the republat  u  r  d  s   saying they pefer someone stupid like bush    for their leader ?

2 all u passionate Palestinian supporters, they live on reservations, u know just like the Native Americans in this country! Should be a very productive meeting wouldn't u think?

All anger all hate. Where was you Nov. 6 ? Sitting around listening to Fox tell you how Romney gonna win . For four years we heard all the we hate the president. Well you can move to Canada or Mexico. Get over it maybe the country is smart and your the moron.

Obama should continue his good work, neglecting saboteurs and ill-wishers.

So will any of you give the President credit for the Palestinian's thinking were full on backing Israel ?Look at the fox news clones he's a muslim. Yeah the one who went to Rev. Wright church for twelve years. Yeah muslims do that. You Support Idiots like Mccaine, Palin, and Romney . Losse then say the country is stupid no it's you.

some pesismistic people down below me...guess alot of repblicans are on yahoo??hmmm..we are on the best economic forecast in the since 2008, no new wars, toppled cunch of dictators, and off'd bunch of Al Qaeda leaders, including the one that mattered the most. oh, also brought home troops.  hmmm...i really don't see what people are complaining about.  Maybe cuz we are not as "Yes to everything Israel" as those Bush years? maybe, just maybe.

Is this a republican forum?

Why is pro-Obama  consistently hidden from view on these posts, could it be the work of a republican at Yahoo I intend to find out.

I really gotta wonder if some of u dummies sit around ur kitchen tables and talk this dumb #$%$ with ur families, because if u do it's no wonder y our kids rank 28th in math world wide and 71% of Americans don't know world geography! This is y they tell u not 2 imbreed with the family! Distorts the brains way of functioning!

Well I'm pretty sure as Obama gives his speech there won't be some cat in the crowd winging shoes at his head like that well respected American president we had awhile back, u know the guy that said, "brownie ur doing a hell of a job"! Don't u just miss those days? Comedy was never better then!

why read any article thats titled Obama if you don't like him....Do you get off on your negative adrenaline? You ought to be happy your president can't be bullied into another senseless war with failed intelligence .  The PM want another republican because they are war happy and not afraid  to send thousands of our soldiers to die for no good reasoning. you can be friends and  also disagree.

I be happy so see Obama in the third term if possible.! maybe forever.

Look at all the stupid Fox people on here. Fox said he was a racist because he went to Rev. wright church for twelve years. Two weeks later he's a muslim. They  can't get it right like Romney landslide win lol. Keep whining we heard it the first four years. As long as he's president suck it we love him.