Ah Ha ! Just another Solyndra.

Funny that every where Al Gore goes, he leaves scorched earth behind him smoldering in ruins, while he walks away with a smile on his face, richer than ever.Wish I had his lack of scruples.

Meanwhile, the U.S. is setting records for natural gas production, so much so the price has dropped significantly.

Don't worry Al will make millions on the deal.

Money laundering.

All of the subsidies, all of the money lent these people, all of high prices people paid for these things and still they can't pay their bills if we don't give the money to do it. What do they think they are, the government?

Smiling Al Gore ought to put some of his money where his mouth is and lend them a few hundred million for the good of the environment.  He's got about $500 million to spare at the moment from selling his broadcast licenses to Al Jazeera last month.

...and YET ANOTHER FAILED green energy project that will cost millions, if not billions...

But Al said it would save the planet.

Al Bore--why do these losers not go away......Great picture with Suntech Banner, Al Gore, and a bunch of applauding (soon to be unemployed) workers in front of ANOTHER EPIC "GREEN ENERGY" FAILURE.Yet King Idiot Obama says we need to dump more cash into these pipe dream failures, so they can hemorrhage it into oblivion (aka: Obama election, and union funding) while we blindly just keep swallowing what he's shoveling.

I wonder how much of that debt the Obama administration has guaranteed. With ol' slick Al involved, you have to believe he sold a bill of goods to Obama and the Energy Department.

Don't worry, Obama will bail them out again with the added money he will get from the increased taxes.

Affordable Green Energy is so far off into the future that no one wants to even think about spending money to alter their current homes. It just isn't feasible. Obama has tried way to hard to make himself look like a forward thinker and the money he has lost throwing at company's like this just show how wasteful he has been. Typical government thinking; Throw money at causes.

And Obama still plans to fund alternative energy and cars that don't use gas! He never learns. Ofcourse he does spend others money not his own. His own and ours he spends on lavish trips and vacations.

Another wacko green failure.......no matter the cost or losses.....it's the thought that counts.  Next will be the usual, "obama had nothing to do with this and didn't even know there was a problem.  It's those damn conservatives again.....".

A tree huggers idea of economic prosperity.....make everyone else pay for their bad ideas and bankrupt companies.

If the man that founded the company is a billionaire,why is it his company cant come up with half a billion to pay off their bond? #$%$ is what he is.

Another Environmental Collapse.  The only way these technologies can exist is when they feed off the taxpayer's tit!!!  And what is worse....they never tell you how much hazardous waste is produced by making these panels.  In California alone it was over a $100 million in hazardous waste....most of which is shipped to other states!!!!

Sunny DaySweepin' the clouds awayOn my way to where the air is sweetCan you tell me how to get,How to get to Boondoggle StreetI'm shocked! Who would have thunk a solar co. going bust?

So what's this going to cost the taxpayer?

Just when you thought there was not another black hole to throw our money into...

Since this is a CHINESE company, and the WORLD LEADER in solar, it just puts another exclamation point on the folly of Obama's pouring money down the Solyndra sinkhole!

Wait-China actually had a manufacturing facility in the USA!!??

Al Gore's smiling face in front of yet another failed taxpayer funded green energy debacle. He's smiling becasue he's already taken his skim off the top. What an ignorant, corrupt, fatprick.

Al can't wait to sell you 'carbon credits'. A made up solution to a made up problem that will have him laughing all the way to the bank. And the huggers can't wait for it to happen.

Al Gore is smiling like a butcher’s dog.  It’s his “I just made another $10 million on some green scam.” smile.

But our Fearless Leader insists on "investing" tax dollars in green technology?

When are these people going to learn, solar energy is not practical...Coal, natural gas and oil is were it's at...Al Gore the billionaire king of the phony green industries! Just wait until you have to use his patented carbon footprint software,he'll be a trillionare!

Want to know what's funny about Solar Power. Most people hated it back in the early 80s and they still hate it 30 years later.

Good to know the US is not the only victim of the Solar scammers. If the people don't want a product, no amount of central planning will make it happen.

Solar NO WORKEE!!!!!!!

Al Gore, left wing lunatic liberal nut case and staunch supporter of democratic policies, right there at dear, old Suntech.  What you cannot see is the check in his pocket for $ millions in campaign contributions for obozo.  Just like when he sold nights at the White House to the communist Chinese for campaign contributions during his days as VP in the Clinton administration, this guy shows why the democrats are the party of corruption, contributions for political favors and lying.  Go get 'em, Al and obozo.

Al Gore, the poster boy for progressive liberal failure.

Once again it is proven that government picking winners and loosers is flushing money.  If it makes sense business will make it happen.

When your own government and politicians support communist regimes in spite of decades of the human rights abuses.......you should be afraid.

Do you ever wonder if these types of companies are another version of the PONZI scheme?

I'll bet the government will put a few into labor camps for the rest of their life if they last that long. They won't be out on the golf course with the ruler for a long time.how much will this cost the US tax payers?

This is just plain funny!

"a business partner faked $680 million in collateral for a loan Suntech had guaranteed."Do any of the wackadoodle liberals possess business ethics?

Stop Global Whining.

Having studied the cost of installed solar panels for my home and a large shipping mall . . . then looking a the experience in the country with the largest solar panel installations,. . . Energy costs must rise to about 4 times what we currently pay in the US to make solar panels competitive.   Thus Obama's statement , "that under his plan, energy costs will necessarily skyrocket" .  Watch for the establishment of FIT's as the first warning sign.. . . Keep in mind that Polysilicon is degraded over time by the very sunlight needed to power them, and must be replaced periodically.

So will Obama offer them a "to big to fail offer".....green may be the great view of the future and a necessary change for the planet, but until it is energy that is easily renewable, reliable and simple it will never replace oil and gas.

And just the other day the POTUS was hailing new non carbon energy sources...Hm....

Just like Solyndra. I get a kick out of the Libs who act like poor little Obama was dissed by the less-powerful GOP. LOL, the Liberals have supported a guy who has promised so much, yet, has delivered so little. They keep bragging, "We Won, We Won"!! but fail to realize one simple aspect of winning anything in life (especially twice): At some point, the "winners" need to stop acting like "losers" and start making their ideas happen. Otherwise, just blaming everyone else for our Country's problems is going to start sounding ridiculous to even the LOWEST Information voter. In 2008, Obama promised that his stimulus bill, if passed, would:1.) Cut the deficit in half with 4 years2.) Create thousands upon thousands of "Shovel-Ready Jobs" (Shovel-not-so ready I guess)3.) Help the transfer to "Green" technologies by giving billions in tax incetives to solar-panel producing companies.The bill passed and none of his promises ever came to fruition. How is that the GOP's fault? I'm looking for answers not just a "thumbs down". Remember, the bill passed so bringing up any of your filibuster nonsense will not suffice. The Libs are scraping the bottom of the barrel for all signs of "hope" and a little "Change".

Another failed Solar Panel Company. I am surprised obama didn't try to bail them out with American Tax Dollars.

From the photo it appears that he average Chinaman   isn't any smarter than the average American.With Al's picture in front, maybe he will take his Islamic TV money, from the sale of his TV network to them, an bail out the Chinese solar firm.

Is that the king of fraud in the picture, by golly it looks just like algore.

welcome to the green world of backruptsy..when its a scam it will never go through..This will be its destiny...God works in mysterious ways..

This is great for consumers of these solar devices.  Low prices stimulates demand for them.  Of course, solar cannot compete with cheap natural gas prices.  Way to go free market!

Obama and his cronies still trying to jam a square peg in a round hole with tax payer money.You can bet the executives got a bonus just before the company chit the bed. What's another couple of 100 million more added to the 16.6 Trillion in National debt and 9.5 Trillion in State &amp; Federal unfunded pension liabilities? Entitlement Nation does have its benefits.

Al's definitely been a lot happier since he captured ManBearPig.

Do any of the wackadoodle liberals know how to be fiscally responsible?Do any of them have anthing close to efficient management skills?

There is no market for 1970s science fair projects. That and phony climatic science!

Say good by to your hard earned tax dollars and say it with a Al Gore smile :-)

All of these energy efficient enterprises are most efficient at burning cash.How much did WE have invested and lose on the deal?

Does anyone still believe in Obama's Green Jobs anymore?

Yep, those folks working on green energy keep finding out it's not so easy.

Well, there's old pathetic Al doing what he does best ---NOTHING!!! Funny, even the Chinese must understand that "solar" is not the answer to the problems. Hmmmmmmmm!!! P.S. How much money did the US invest in this fiasco?????

Poor guy.  He's down to his last $500 million.

Here is what I think is going on. I'm no expert so this simply my opinion.  Suntech and other Chinese manufacturers of solar panels made the panels so cheap with low cost Chinese labor that they priced most of the US firms out of business.  But what also appears to have happened is that they have probably further undercut the competition with pricing that they could not even pay their own bills, thereby putting themselves out of business.  So can we then conclude that the Chinese have put an entire industry out of business?  I doubt that but assume there is much more to this picture than meets the eye.

Obama and the dems lies are all coming home to roost.

The only way green energy can make it is if the price of electricity and natural gas skyrocket.  As hard as Obama has tried to do this he appears to have failed thus far but don't worry, this is just a setback and eventually the liberals will win on: 1. green energy,  2. minimum wage, 3. gay marriage, 4. total gun ban, 5.increasing taxes again and again.

What an appropriate photo....two losers.

despite our dear leader's best efforts, to finance his friends and contributors,  solar energy is not yet economically viable. maybe, some day it will be. until then, our dependence on fossil fuels will continue. meanwhile, al w$hore will continue to enrich himself with the snake oil he sells.yeah green energy is such a money maker, except for shareholders and taxpayers

Is someone, maybe, getting the message that we are not ready for large scale solar energy yet??

Who is that sweetheart and why is he smiling?

"China's Suntech Power Holdings (STP) is no newcomer to the U.S. Last May, President Barack Obama toured the U.S.'s largest solar panel installation at Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada. There, row upon row of shiny black Suntech panels account for about a third of the 14-megawatt solar farm. Suntech landed that project the same way it has raced to the top of the fast-growing global solar market: by focusing on price and scale. Now the world's largest supplier of solar panels is boosting its stake in the U.S. market. On Nov. 16 in Beijing, the company announced its first American manufacturing plant. The facility, to be located in the Phoenix area, will begin production by next October. "The U.S. market is on the cusp of greatness," says Steven Chan, Americas president and chief strategy officer for Suntech. With the announcement, Suntech becomes the first major Chinese cleantech player to bring factory jobs to the U.S. The announcement comes amid President Barack Obama's visit to China focusing on collaboration in green technologies." - Businessweek Nov. 2009"Last week, Suntech announced the closure of its U.S. factory in Goodyear, Arizona, and the elimination of 43 jobs." - AP March 2013Just another of Obama's Green Energy Companies getting ready to bite the dust!!

Maybe Vice President Al Gore will step up to the plate and put his money where his mouth is. My guess is no way, he is only good at putting tax payers money where his mouth his.

I have to shake my head when the US government says China is unfairly subsidizing its solar industry.  Okay for the US but not China?

Even at current prices the solar panels cannot pay for themselves in less than twenty years about the time they would be junk.  the Feds are stealing taxes from the taxpayers and giving them to the users and makers of solar panels so they benefit while you get the shaft.

I see a picture of pigshit in a suit

So US solar companies said they couldn't competer because China undercut them through trade policies, cheaper labor, govt subsidies, etc. But now we find even the chinese cos. can't make solar work with those advantages.

Why is slick Al (W)(H)(O)(R)(E)  SMILINGAnything Gore and obozo touch seemso go under.

Time to impeach this POS in the white house !!!!!!!!!Take him and POS al gore and bury them!!!!!!!!When are you going to wake up america??????

A liberal scam, who would have figured?!

Give Obama a call . He enjoys wasting money on losers.

I see your problem!  It's that big goofball in the suit!

China gets another black eye.  Unfortunately in California the solar panel companies face a different problem.  Making panels requires a large quantity of rare metals (toxic) and water. According to strict Cali EPA rules the waste products and water can not be processed in CA. They are truck to recycling centers in other states.Fortunately China doesn't worry as much in processing its waste. Soon to be second black eye on solar panel industry.

Gore, what a dumb #$%$ss scammer.

Why did they use Al Gore's picture when Obama was the latest Democrat eco-radical who was pushing Suntech in America??

What a piece of garbage this guy is!

Carter wasted money on this #$%$ back in the 70s.Another renewable company bites the dust. This is another company that our Energy Dept. gave loans to and Arizona gave tax breaks. With the amount of money we have given between the solar industry and the battery supplyers for electric cars we could just about pay off our debt. Thank you Barry and Al.

Lying Liberals...some things never change.

.....a business partner faked $680 million in collateral for a loan Suntech had guaranteed.  Great job, not naming that company, and who had control of it.  I smell A Gore.

Al Gore make Bernie Madolf look like a quire boy.

Guess the Obama handout didn't make it in time. Damn

Okay obozo, here's the plan! Borrow another billion from china and finance the (china owned and managed) Suntech with a 500 million dollar, phoney bailout that will never be paid back to the American taxpayer.

How appropriate, a prominent democrat featured with another failed business. If you like this, you'll  just love what your healthcare system looks like in 5 years.

Wonder how much $$$ the U.S. has invested in this project thru international investing groups.

and you liberals keep eating the BS they feed you... morons

Go green and go broke that just how it has been no matter what country you are in. If the Chinese can't even make a profit with their low labor cost then I don't see how a U.S. solar manufacturing company can make it either.most of the green energy is snake oil -- we should instead be focused on making things (cars especially) energy efficient (there is a long way to go!)

You know it's bad when a Chinese government backed firm that basically took the solar panel market from American innovators with illegal state subsidies can't make it.We need to ensure proper competition between our companies and companies backed by their government through tariffs like those imposed on this company's product.....if we don't there will never be anyway companies in the USA can compete!

Al invented the internet and is a legend in his own mind. the lemmings sure loved his hoax of a movie. the long list of smart Dem VP's continues with Joe.Tard

At least they weren't throwing our tax dollars at ethanol subsidies that in turn make our food and gas more expensive through lower milage.  Gotta love those campain contributors.

Al Gore looks like he was embalmed.

Give Obama a call, he'll pour billions of US Taxpayer dollars into and borrow it from China when he does. Won't that make the Chinese feel stupid for not investing in a "green" tech company right there in their own backyard!

BTW, you forgot to mention the cost of waste generated by solar cell manufacturing - yet another bill taxpayers will be saddled with

Al Gore's picture in front of the Company tells it all.

Green is turning brown

Obama doesn't need any campaign contributions so that cuts out the US helping.Sounds like not many people want solar panels. Even if they're cheap.

Take heed OBAMA!!!!

If solar is so damn great, why can't anyone seem to make money?

If Al has anything to do with the money end of this deal, he better be careful if the chinese lose a lot of cash. He may end up dead.

Algore is smiling, he didn't lose anything.  He made 30 billion off of the Taxpayers with his Carbon Credits scheme.

Another boondoggle by the Democrats down the tubes.

The American people have lots of tax money Obama should bail them out with our money

The solar panels cause global warming.

Two FAILURES in ONE PICTURE, PRICELESS.

The future of energy is in natural gas, which can operate motor vehicles cheaply and efficiently. Plus, we have a glut of natural gas, which burns very cleanly and doesn't put much carbon into the atmosphere, compared to most fuels. Only nuclear produces NO atmospheric hydrocarbons, but US environmentalists will never permit it.Since we can produce all of the nat gas we will ever need, there is no particular reason for us to import oil, once we make the vehicle shift to nat gas. Plus, we have plenty of oil, ourselves.I hear Solyndra has a lot of our money, thanks to Owebama.  Maybe they can get some of that.

And "another one bites the dust".  Those liberal Dumbocrats just love throwing taxpayer money at the green companies.

'Green energy' is a scam

The entire green energy industry is a scam - it cannot exist unless its subsidized, or uses planned bankruptcies to defraud investors and taxpayers.

Someone please put him out of misery.

SHOCKING!  The nasty secret to solar is the installation costs.

Aren't we all tired of this energy scam ?  Stop lying about global warming which was invented in order to justify paying more for energy when we really don't have to.  There is more natural gas and coal to last 10 more generations - at least !!!  Stop the madness and capitalize on what we have now i.e. coal, natural gas and oil.  Let's get energy prices down where they belong and bring back the factories !!!  Producers prosper _ Users are losers. So, build a factory and hire some people and be happy.

Thank God we can depend on bo to pick our winners........NOT!

It's hard to be successful when you produce something that is inefficient and few people want.  Sounds like a company Obama would invest in.

to corupt for me!Is this one of the solar companies that Obama sent to China?

Don't think Barry isn't looking for another taxpayer investment opportunity....he'll stick it to us in a moment and you know it.

Al Gore is smiling, cause he made his millions on this #$%$, then walks away.  Piece of #$%$pola he is.

Another Al Gore Solar Panel Company goes Bellyup!!!Forget Solar, Reprocess Nuclear Fuel Rods to cut the cost in half and Go Nuclear!!!

There is Al Gore again. Everyone knows that if Suntech was any good, Obama would have given them millions of US taxpayer dollars. Or was that the other way around.

And HOW MUCH US taxpayer dollars found it's way into this debacle?

Man made global warming is a man made money maker. Nothing but liberal lies

Another one of Barry's successes.

Don't tell Obammy - he will give them the $541 mil if they will fund his golf vacations with Tiger!!!!

so much for the suntech 20 yr warranty .If solar energy is to become a viable energy source, it's going to take private enterprise to research and perfect it and make it more marketable. It has got to be made more cost-effective. The governments should keep their hands and ideas and laws out of it.

It's called fraud Al

What's wrong with solar energy?Well; It's dark about 12 hours a day, cloudy about half the days in a year, costs a lot, lasts a few short years, hail gives the panels hell, we don't need it! And - - -WE GOT PLENTY OF "OIL" FOR A 150 YEARS!STUPID TREE HUGGERS!!!!!

SOLAR SUCKS!!!!!

HA,HA ,HA ,I love it!

Meanwhile - the Obama administration has yet to approve the Keystone Pipeline and is doing everything in their power to shut down the fracking industry.Obama and his adinistratio are THE WORST - in the history of this country.THE "EFFING" WORST.Nice legacy ObamaHow's that Commie Library of his coming along ?

Good old - AL-FRAUD GORE - right out in front - spewing out his lies about green energy and being corrupt as usual.Yah - he's looking out for the best interest of the country and the citizens - right ?Your'e typical lying corrupt dem.What a guy.It's a dam good thing he wasn't elected President.

But just prior to the election - Obama and his corrupt cronies were saying that China's solar energy industry and companies were in great financial condition and the USA was falling too far behind - and therefore the USA needed to focus more on solar energy - which resulted in  their justification for pumping BILLIONS of dollars into solar energy companies.SURPRISE !More LIES and FRAUD from Obama and the democrats.THEY CANNOT BE TRUSTED -

READ:  "Chinese producers also have been hit with U.S. anti-dumping tariffs imposed to offset what Washington says are improper subsidies from Beijing. European solar producers also have filed anti-dumping complaints, with the European Union asking for higher tariffs on Chinese imports."  This is the important part that didn't make headlines in the US.  In terms of solar panel production it is the major news item of the last several years.

Don't worry Chinese people, Obama will bail you out with other people's money!Ah yes, renewables function perfectly as long as they have plenty of taxpayer cash for fuel.

if there is a glut of solar panels, why haven't the price to consumer drop ?

Another obama money laudering scheme

now is the time for buffett to sneak in and buy the company for a song. if he can do that here he can do that there. he will have to have a Chinese surrogate take actual ownership  since they have rules that we don't.

Solar Panels only exist because of government props them up. They steal money from the productive side of the economy to prop up the unproductive. When the free market finds a need for it, it will sell. Until then its a dead technology.

Al Gore care$$$.   Care$$$$ about $$$$$.

More dead green energy.

Al Gore don't the meaning of deceny, or being an American, he isn't an American, he is a liar he is Bernie Madoff all over again.

Regular guy announces default, gets sued and everything taken from him and thrown in the street.

If they would bring the price for solar panels down to reason , people would be much more likely to switch to them .Typical of what happens to green #rap.

It's Al!!!! Hey Al, loan me a couple million 'til payday.

Al Gore, this man is a first class fake....and I'll bet he laughs all the way to the bank while  the destruction he causes is paid for by others.  UGH

Like all of us - it looks like they bought in to Obama's BS.

But wait, Occutards keep tellling me that solar energy is the wave of the future.  Idiots..

I'll bet Al got a good deal on his home solar....wish I could afford it. He is certainly the ultimate hypocrite. Has to make even a Democrat wander if he could have done any better than Bush.

Al  gore made his mega profit in carbon credits , he does not.give a rat,s behind about solar panels .

Green is a good idea in theory but $$$$$ wise it always seems a failure.

Algore gets involved with companies and its the kiss of death but he makes millions. He's kind of like his ole buddy slick Willie who has made millions just walking around lying.

According to Obama, Solar and renewable energy is the future! SCI-FI Future, maybe.Why are these democrats not in jail awaiting trial?  Could anything have been more predictable or a scam?

solar energy will one day be documented as the largest financial ponzi scheme ever perpetrated. Next to global warming. ....one con job enabling yet another.

"A sharp drop in solar panel prices over the last several years has erased the profits of solar panel makers around the world" You mean to tell me that they were GOUGEING us because it is a "Green " product ???  WOW !  OMG !!! What next? Al Gore will announce that the company has 7 a gazillion dollar loan from the US Government and can't pay that either !

Just another #$%$ company raping the American taxpayer and an almost President standing right with them, typical.  Gore is nothing more then a money hore.

If solar panels are so cheap, how come they cost so much over here?

Good to know that at least they went broke underselling and bankrupting the american solar panel companies.

china defaults on $541 million in debt while the u.s. treasury will soon start slow pay on $1.5 trillion the chinese fed us hoping to sell those solar panels. american free enterprise, you have to love it.

i suppose you all want to blame obama for this

Even Germany, the country that wants to be know as the "Greenest" country in the world is canceling their Solar, Wind energy/climate programs because of the outrageous cost.

To bad the deals were not in the sunshine, so its dark days ahead!Oh oh . better dust for Pelosi's fingerprints .

Wait, weren't we told at the time of the Solyndra and other US-based solar company failures that it was because of cheap Chinese factories that the US factories could not compete? Now who are they going to blame?

What, another solar panel producer going out of business ?  Tell me it ain't so ! The only good news out of this is that it was a company in China and Obama couldn't waste U.S. taxpayer "investments" in it.

These are phony companies (shell games) to suck out money from investors or government loans.  Wake up people! So much for green energy.

Drill, baby Drill !

Obama said the American WORKING People need to invest MORE$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ into Solar.

Perhaps Bloomberg could make solar panels mandatory on New York buildings.

Now whats going to happen to those thousands of JOBS oh 43 American jobs??

Yep, obama will bail them out. No,no. Look at Solyndra...Go figure.

Ya no kidding you idiots.  It's not practical.  If it was there would millions of Entrepreneurs lining up to help with this.  But our illustrious govment will continue to dump Gazillions of dollars into this.Al Gore is to global warming what Jessie Jackson is to racial harmony

Another Gore/Obama  and the Tree Huggers plan to scam more money from taxpayers, for the failed Solar Projects.

The democrats progressive dirtbags best man, Al commie Gore.

Al Gore is the worst #$%$ that ever served in our goverment, even worse than Obama, #$%$ is his name and fraud is his game.

When are all the ignorant left wing greenies going to realize they don't know #$%$ they are doing?  Damn these people are dangerous.

How much of the $541M did the big Al Gorp get?

Yet another example of "Bend over economics".

I wonder how much "more for Gore" Al and slick Willie made on this deal. These 2 crooks got their hands in so many pockets when they were in office its a wonder he had time for all the sex. The two of them were and still are a disgrace to ths Country

In one breath don't worry be happy!. Their hasn't been a single solar panel company that made money. Obama's pick's aren't working out. Again how many billion's will the USA lose.

China sells the pannels for 1/3 the price, funny how that worksThe biggest problem with solar is no one wants to make it affordable.  Esp. to the one's who need it the most.

Al Gore is a fraud.

It will be interesting to see if people running companies in China that engage in fraud and other crimes, like providing false collateral for huge loans, actually serve time in prison.  Thus far here, very few are behind bars.  They are given hand slap fines here.

What did they do outsource the labor to the US?

I guess China's plan to dominate the Solar Power market. Worked too well. I like to think that US foresight in applying tariffs to their product was a good idea after all. I hope you weren't silly enough to buy shares in this failure.

Why don't they just ask Obama for some money?

Green energy, the " Bengazi " of the US economy !

Alternative Energy is a great thing, and it's time will come.  But we are not there yet, and should produce more "carbon" fuels until we get there.  This all or nothing attitude has to stop, it is only hindering everyone.

Good old Al

Al Gore invented the solar panel,after the internetThey are embezzled the money the gov. already gave them . NO MORE from the taxpayers.

Old chinese proverb: He who ride tiger go where tiger going.

How's the free global market working for you? Seems everything the u.s. takes command of 'economically', just seems to melt into some kind of money scheme that is blatantly crooked and even criminally underneath the facade of economic terrorism. So it should go that crime is america's most prolific export.

If we did things the way the Chinese government does they might end up owing us money for loaning us money.  So when do we start?

You see what happens on Solar Power, Yet your president wants to invest several million more in solar, stick with oil and gas we have plenty of that.  Haven't seen or heard of any oil company defaulted to the tune of millions.

Any business that people want or need will not need a subsidy from government.Government should never subsidize private companies.

"China's solar producers have been battered by a glut of supply in the market brought on by their own government's efforts to promote the industry."Libbys, see what happens when you stick your nose where it don't belong.

Ha Ha HA HA Ha, their business partner lied and faked their books. Now the chinese#$%$ are getting the same lies and deception  they have been giving to the west

If you see numb-nuts Gore at the beginning of an article about solar energy companies, it just ain't gonna be good news!

Al Gore walks away rich again and you stoopie liberals will find a way to blame a Bush or a shrub or some other inordinate object and STILL refuse to see your beloved Democrats are corrupt as your hated Republican, much more in fact. Stalin was correct, you are "useful idiots".....Maybe owebama will just give them our money with no payment expected. Wait a minute, there's no union votes involved so that won't wok.

Solar energy his nothing but a scam which the leftist concocted to pilfer money from the tax payers indirectly into there pockets.  Solar is inefficient and a unreliable energy source right now and will be for many years to come, don't let these Fascist criminal SOB's tell you any different.

whenever you see big al smiling, hold on to your pants, hes fixing to take them away..

We need electric cars that run on solar power.

Al Gore ! ! !How apropriate it is to show the mentally ill "Man-Bear-PIG" on this type of story !"Mill-yuns and Mill-yuns of Dee-Gree-Ease"

Everyone is missing the point of renewable energy. It is not a business on which to make billions. It is a necessity vital to our survival. Stop thinking profits. Think survival. No one needs to be worth 2.9 billion dollars if there won't be a planet Earth where to enjoy the perks of having such a sum of money at your disposal.

They Charged TOO MUCH! I priced them...

Ah, the renewable energy scam.  Gotta love it.

Will keep the lights on, but don't plug in that blow dryer or use that microwave. Worthless

Obama gave them the money in high interest loan payments to fund this green ventureSuntech was set to FAIL!

How much you wanna bet that Obama will make every American buy and install solar panels or we get hit with a "solar" tax.

Solar Energy is a great Pipe Dream,but it is not the Answer to the worlds energy needs! These Fools need to put the pipe down&amp;step away from the Twilight Zone!

#$%$ is that thing standing in the forefront?

Funny every time a Big Liberal makes an investment They get filthy rich, the company, or some other group of ordinary people get screwed.  Al Gore, Soros, ect Just say

Imagine if Gore was president?

I hope big Al makes more money from this. He needs it to help his pals at Al Jazeera.

Al's net worth went up by $500 million shortly after he left office and started  touting all these "green" companies.  That may be the $500 million their short...just saying.

Solar hot water failed, in the 80's, now solar electric is taking the same path. The government will never learn. If it's such a great product, it doesn't need government subsidies.

Look at this smiling #$%$. INCONVIENT TRUTH ? ha ha ha liberal BSI wonder if this story headlined on Aljezera, ah, I meant the Current network?

The difference between Obama and  Shi Zhengrong,  Zhengrong was loosing his money, Obama was loosing American tax payers money.

"Green Energy" is a hippie pie-dream from the 60's.It never worked then and it does not work now.

Do solar panels burn? Maybe they could use them at a coal fired electric generating plant.

Such a liar .Maybe he is headed to see if Obama will bail them out like he did GM

If the chinese, paying a bowl of rice a day to workers can't make stupid dysfunctional hippie technology work, it is a TOTAL failure, which it is. Without massive free gove money, none of the "green" #$%$ works. Keep drilling for oil and gas, and build nukes, if you idiots don't want to pay three grand a month for electric.

Al Gore figured out that he couldn't screw people in this country anymore so now we are seeing the fruits of his labors, first Al Jazeerah and now the communist Chinese. The trouble is it's the American taxpayer being screwed with corrupt bailout scams, so it's a win, win, win for dear old Al.

Another Omama green energy wet dream, while our money goes down the crapper.

Obama Bailout coming

How much did we give them in the bail out?call solydra, im sure they know someone in the white house to cough up some more of MY MONEY

ya' go to Solyndra and scroll down to shutdown &amp; investigation and you ALL can read what O'Bummer and the dept. of Energy did with another 535 million in taxpayers money!!!!!!!!!!

More failed Chinese market manipulations.

Aljazera Gore will get his cut.  Another farce and and money scam like Solyandra.

Wondering how much of my tax dollars were wasted on this company by King Obama??

I WANT TO TAKE HIM POLAR BEAR HUNTING !

Need to put gore and obammy in a pea pod together and deport them both.....

What?  Obamahu Akbar! hasn't wasted 500 billion dollars of our kids and grand kids money on this idiot company ....  Yet?

Maybe Al Gore can lend them the $500,000,000. he got from the sale of Current TV to Al Jazeera?

all they need is a product that can be understood by the slowest of people.all the high tech  just scares the dumb.so something like we have a thing that will run your a/c during peak hours.and we will install it, as part of the product.And I wonder why all these solar panel makers kept on flooding the market with their products after demand for them have tapered off. Sounds like government subsidized renewable energy nonsense at work.

al gore sleeps with men many men

This boy might have to be charged with money laundering, just a thought.

Al Gore...says it all

Obama's clean energy not yet ready for prime time. Gore and Obama should be jailed

If Al Gore is associated with it, the only money being made is going into HIS pockets.  He is one of the biggest crooks I can remember.

And they want to "invest" more of out tax dollars on this???

when you constantly do something over and over again, and it fails everytime, And you expect a different outcome,I think we all know what this is  "Insanity"

How long before the Dems get America into the same toilet that Detroit's in?

If it is a Chinese company, why are or did we fund it in the first place ????Chinese make the product extremely cheap compared to American companies and they are going bust, yet obama is still investing in American companies. Have to pay back your friends with taxpayer monies I guess.

obuma and gore are blowing enough smoke to run the COUNTRY for a hundred years.

Al has it covered! He is still making money so it is all ok!

Just proves that Solar energy is not profitable even when it is 75% cheaper and easier to make solar panels now than it was 10 years ago. Green energy is a bubble and we are watching it burst. 2 companies and already over a billion dollars down the tubes and there are dozens of companies just like solyndra waiting to die.

please dont tell me ovomit put american money into this losing venture too.... another solyndra where the only people who lose are us, the taxpayers.

Anotherone Bites the Dust!!! Now lets find somthing else to throw the TAX PAYERS money at$$$$$

Al Gore is a total #$%$ on any issue he talks about !!!!!!

Our Govt continues to invest millions of our tax dollars into "green" energy research, time to focus on our nations primary needs and let the free enterprise engine due most of the r&amp;d.

The sun seems to be setting on the solar energy business.

OK taxpayers, bend over and sprad em  AGAIN!They keeping Obama's name out of the report. I wonder how much Tax-Payer money ,was to subsidise this GREEN ENERGY?

Because solar energy is still unreliable and expensive to maintain.

Did Obama administration invested our taxpayers money there too? Somebody must start investigation and panish someone for law violation.

Al Gore is once again a day late and a dollar short!

Ah, poor Chinese junk dumpers. I feel so bad that their government subsidized companies are folding due to their own practices.

want to throw away those unused $$$?...tired of them taking up all that room in your safe?....tired of counting it all????  Invest in "SOLARMATIC" and just watch those dollars disappear!!!  It slices, it dices, it grates, it chops, it juliens fries and boy does it make your investments disappear...SOLARMATIC only $10 Billion per, "this offer void where prohibited by law"...

Solar panels are some of the most dirty pollution causing things on the planet. Look up rare earth mining.

Another failed green energy scam,  Al Gore at his best

Looks like its getting too cloudy to heat the water Molly! Better start up the old gas generator!

This isnt a surpeise is it?LMAOWhy do they need money with all that free energy from the sun anyway?

IT's OK, until oil became BIG OIL competition hurt profits and made fuel cheap...But when there's fewer solar companies and competition reduced...The BIG OIL can buy the last couple of companies and shut them down!!!And for all the cry babies complaining about BIG OIL...Get a horse and buggy and skip the pain at the pump!!! LOL

Gore has a face you just want to slap the hell out of. His recommendations have resulted in who knows how many millions of lost dollars. A damn fraud is what he is.

Most of that money went in somebodies pocket.Some body got rich &amp; somebody lost everything.  Well planned Scam...

Does anybody know if this is another company that received gov't money from obama??  It sounds an awful lot like a repeating scenario......

Fossil Fuel is where it's At, Drill Drill Drill, Get this Country running on all cylinders,

Lets give Obama another trillion in alternative energy money.  As Bush would tell you "You're doing a fine job Obama"

Big uphill battle in Solar,Natural gas does not want it,Big Oil does not want it,Propane does not want it,Big electric a maybe. Anything that cuts into Big Corporate % of pie slices brings in its lobbyist to do battle. They don't like other fingers in their cookie jar. For China though,its failure is not of my concern. American jobs are.

Wonder how much money gore hore had invested in this company?   I wish it would break his sorry #$%$

Sounds like another Solyndra to me!  Everything Al Gores touches turns him more cash and grinds this country into a deeper hole.  I hope he can sleep at night.Don't worry, Obama will "bail you out" with US Tax Payers money..... at our expense.  He will not even ask Congress for any approval.... Obama will just sign an Executive Order circumventing everyone.......

Well, Suntech, belly-up to the all-you-can-eat solar-bailout bar in Washington D.C.  There isn't a floundering solar company they don't like.  You're in luck!

Al Gore is a PIG

it is world government; the news reporters are all upset tonight because they are going to tax savings accounts in the EU; what is the difference between the government taking 10% of your savings or just making your savings have less buying power (qe1, qe2, ae3).  It is just a big scam to make sure we are all kept in line by the powers that be.. same as thegreen b.s.   .... we are all just the tools of the rich

Al Gore invented solar panels...after he invented the internet  :D

Wander how much money Al Gore made on this SCAM.

The sun does not shine and the wind does not blow just because I turn on a light switch, nevertheless, I want the light to go on.

good work Al maybe you can bankrupt all of Chine.

Quick Owebama get the Nation's chackbook out, I see another oppertunity to waste millions of tax payer's dollars!!!!!

AlGORE put a hex on them.I think I see Al Gore winking in the background.

Gore/Obama are idiot money-grabbers and complete frauds!

Hey, don't worry, just ask the government to bail them out. No big deal, I mean there swimming in money right. After all, Obama and his court just love throwing money away.

How befitting to have the GURU of the progressive LEFTon the lead picture with his usual, phony, sourish smile.Shysters &amp; Cronies everywhere you look in this country;fully protected by the laws andfervently defended by their serfs !!!

Doesn't Al remind you of a hyena?

Al also siad to all you sucker when he bend over give him a kiss. The man is crazy but because of who he is, a vice-president, and under obama he can comit any crime and steal all the money he want, nobody will do any thing.

Just goes to show you, that the market is working as it should.  Too much supply for the demand and the suppliers will suffer the consequences of over-supply.  Take away the artificial stimulus provided by the government (your money of course) and the demand will shrink.  When or if the market demand increases, things will improve for manufacturers.  Just don't use my money to help pay for other's solar products (or anything else for that matter).

So Al Gore did it again, he screwed Suntech, or is he bankrolling them? Everytime Al is involved someone gets screwed, never Al, now it is THE COMMUNIST GOVERNMENT OF CHINA --- WHAT? Or will the American taxpayer foot the bill and get screwed? Maybe Al can get himself indicted for fraud, theft, robbing the American taxpayer. Maybe Al Jazeera can loan Al $541,000,000 to bankroll Suntech. Maybe we can finally get Al thrown in federal prison where he belongs.

Since Reagen, the favored nations trade status has undermined plenty of US jobs putting plenty of middle income families on the endfangered specis list. Usually, there's a gratifying spike in prices for the lone survivor, but too many sellers and too few buyers with CASH aka the US subsidies means KA BOOM

Panel prices are near a bottom- sounds like a good time to put solar panels on the roof.  Hurricane Sandy really got me thinking about this because a bunch of people had generators but then when the gas stations lost power they couldn't pump gas or handle payments.  Even with a system just good enough to power a fridge, some lights, a radio, charge a cell phone and provide enough juice for the oil furnace to start up, that would alleviate the worst of the suffering in a disaster.I think we need a BIG sign...SCRAP THE GREEN, before it scraps our GREEN!!!And Al, go some place!!!

Run for your life! Global warming. Al "manbearpig" Gore.

" ...and another one.... and another one... and another one bites the dust!" Wake up people! Wind and solar are not feasable energy sources with the current scientific knowledge and skills!

Maybe Alfred Gore will invest his Own Money ( Not ours) in proping up this company with the millions he earned selling his Network to Al Jazerra ( Oil Country)..

Eight years ago I built a sustainable commercial building. It got gold leed awards and we all had high hopes Solar and Wind would pay for the extreme high costs of construction. IT DID NOT. The rate fo failure of the solar and wind parts continues to move the payback period by decades. It will never pay for its self let alone pay any dividends.

Just another solar company bites the dust, wonder how many millions of dollars of tax payer money was secretely invested in this another failed Oblammer experiment.

US PRIVATE natural gas companies without grants or government bail outs are setting records in supply and thus lowering gas costs. Liberals this is called free market capitalism! Now go up on your roof that HUD provided with Tax payers money and wash your solar panels that the tax payers subsidised and pray to your government that they last long enough to at least break even after all the subsidies. These things are a joke, a touchy feel good idea that is not the answer to our power needs.

Can you imagine if that election had gone the other way old al would be standing in front of the capital in the picture above and you would just replace suntech with USA in the heading.

Green energy?....only the Jolly Green Giant passing gas. If the green was viable the market would be chasing it...but Al's clued in....swindle the government

Al Gores bull on Global warming has not worked as well as he hoped!The affordable green energy is not in our reach for now. Not only is expensive but the hazardous waste for producing the solar panels is a huge problem...and we dont hear much about it. If oil and gas is not a green energy, solar energy with the technology we have today definetely is not at all.

WELL,  WHERE IS HUSSEIN OBAMA WHEN YOU NEED HIM?

OBAMA MONEY coming soon!!  WAIT?  THAT'S OUR MONEY

The only person making money on the green agenda is Al Gore. Now he even has 500 million in Al Jezeera's money in his pocket from selling his green tv network. It couldn't make a profit spewing the liberal /green aganda, so he sells it to a compeny spewing the Islamic agenda.He's laughing all the way to the bank.

That's why they call it Green  Energy , every one makes money off it but the tax payers...$$$

Electric cars take twice as much energy to produce than conventional cars. Hows that saving the enviroment?

First Al sells his television station to AlJazeer now he lets one of his companies default yo bond holders! When will the U.S. Public realise that he and Clinton SOLD out to foreign intrest and are shamming us?

I'm surprised we didn't have hundreds of millions of stimulus money in it.

WHAT THE HECK IS HE SMILING ABOUT?

And obama wants solar and electric cars. that should keep you within 40 miles of your houseGreat picture Yahoo! Al Jazeera Gore smiling after shorting their stock

Al needs another brilliant invention, like the Internet.

You can only sell a product no body really wants for so long. As soon as the federal money runs dry, you are screwed. Here is a question for all you Socialist, liberals. How many wind mills and solar pannels would it take to power California? How many to power New York? How many to power the entire country? Is there enough room in the country to build that many solar pannels and wind mills?

So even with CHEAP Chinese labor Solar panels are NOT PROFITTABLE.  When do you throw in the towel and look more towards wind?

Figures...

This is in China, people! ...Anyway.. Even the Chinese solar panels are expensive, so installing them would pay for itself by the time they need to be replaced.

Another failed so called green energy outfit and Obama wants to invest more money in it. Gore seem to be the only one making any money from it.

How mush stock dose obama and gore,family have in them.

Ok, all you tree hugger do gooders. This is your chance to put your money where your mouth is. Send them your checks to bail another one of these money making for someone, not ready for prime time ventures. I’m sure Al Gore used 50 thousand dollars worth of fuel for his plane to get his picture taken….. Another one of those cart before the horse deal that will work, but  not figured out yet .

thats ok... Obama is about to sink more billions into these failed technologies....This is sad on so many levels but I will just bet Al will make a lot of money some how on this deal what makes things even worse I am certain WE THE PEOPLE have a lost a lot and nobody seems to care at all about that.

Forget green energy for now. Should only be research funding in reasonable amounts until the technology is affordable and practical. We are WASTING billions of dollars on a boondoggle because Obama's high dollar democrat friends and contributors have sunk money into green energy and need him to bail them out.

Gore's lips are moving - must be lying.

Chinese version of Solyndra

One Question Did Obama Invest in this?  He is good at Picking Loosers

Go figure, something that Al Gore is involved in defaults.  Especially his all powerful "Green Energy".  Now the POTUS is going to throw more money at the issue.  Why don't we just abmit that this is actually a fleecing of the U.S. taxpayers?

If the oil companies took over solar, wind, and all of the other alternative energy efforts, they'd all prosper.

Al Gorezeera....Al Queda's answer to a global financial MELTDOWN!!

..Boy, this Gore fellow really surprised me...........every time I smell a rat he is around…….

ANOTHER ONE BITES THE DUST.The technology isn't there yet so if they want to do something positive, they should put the cart back behind the horse where it belongs and stop wasting and laundering money.

I bet you Obama the businessman will barrow the money from China to payback the 541-million to the bond holders and just throw it on our deficit! Remember folks, Obama and his liberal administration thinks it knows how to spend your money better than you do!

Not to worry, the liberals will find a way to blame Bush for this too and ignore the reality that Al Gore and Obama and their well connected friends are raking in huge sums of $$$ cash while pretending to "care' about climate change. What a ruse....Carbon credits? Carbon Credit Exchange Market like a stock market???? Get real, it is all about the $money$ and they KNOW you fallible liberals will pay and feel all tingly inside at the same time.....these people have you figured out and are separating you from your wealth  and even having you LIKE IT....gotta give the Democrat politicians credit, they have a a real cool scam going and they will continue to get away with it.....how do I know that? Just look at the response this post will get and you can make up your own mind on that one...whoooo! I think I will apply for a grant to build a power generating plant using army ants on a treadmill.....possibly will not work you say???? no problem, after the grant is spent and I take my cut for "trying" and buy my new house, car and solid early retirement fund I will declare the project did not make it (Solyndra). No big deal you see, as I was trying to "save the planet" so my accumulated wealth during the process is not considered as bad to the liberal establishment and therefore i am free to enjoy!........go GREEN FOLKS!

hillary is now for gay marriage, next it will be immagration, lets make them all legal, and that will be 12 million more votes for us. i want to be president so bad i can taste it.

More tax payer money out the window.

Fake, fraud, land of oz. MMGW and all that goes with it costing Billions and billions..................for stupidity.

541 million dollars and until now they didn't have a clue to look for investors, well Al Gore just sold his television compay to Al Jezeera maybe he might oh wait, he knows what the score is so doubt he'll invest or Soros or Buffett, etc. and to think the poor plant is in China

Solar panels are an eye sore, but ethanol from Algae? That's the good stuff.

Stimulus money hard at work here.  I know it probably came as a real shocker to the Obama administration that a solar panel company couldn't succeed (do any of you actually have a single solar panel in your house that isn't attached to a calculator?), but there ya go.

See how the Chnese Goverment and system treat an industry that is to big to fail ? They let them fail like they should, Hey American Bankers there is a lesson here to be learned.Is that smiling Al Gore after picking up his consulting check and anxiously wanting to get to the bank to see if it clears and than to the airport to get out of town to American and announce his mission to Green The World ????? What a farce he is !!!!

the idiot factory just keeps on turning them out.

mr president you studied marxism, and lying and now it's time to take an economic course or two.

atypical liberal democrat pig showing their support for "green" energy &amp; spending

The Mob must be doing laundry or is it the Governments time (To Big To Fail)

Wondering how much got out of it.

The technology is not viable and dependable enough to be cost effective for any kind of change over, especially when asking middle class struggling through with the current recession/depression. Obama's are deep with tax dollars to be p@##$% away, can anyone say Solendra!!!!!

Is this one of Obama's wonderful investments with our money?

Igore should be able to bail them out with his money.He is worth billions with a capital B. The alternative energy soultions are not ready for prime time. Regular people can not afford it. To do solar and make it pay off you need to coat your house in panels and have the additional electrical equipment like converters, transformers, switching gear etc to make it work. Tons of money, to much for the normal guy. Geothermal and wind is the same way.

Every single time a Democrat comes up with an idea or backs some sort of climate-based idea/product they fall flat on their face and go bankrupt. Before the company goes belly up though, the Democrat, according to their usual tradition, loots anything of value and runs off into the night with their bag of booty and loot. Obama did it and still does it. Now Al Gore, again, does it. You can't spell Democrat without using the word RAT..."The company is "exploring strategic alternatives.."  Try Fracking! It's a boom in the US.Guess Solar just isn't hasn't  advanced far enough for main stream use yet.  I guess just because you wish it, and government whizzes away money on it, doesn't always mean it will happen.

can someone please read this very slowly to mr ohbombahh  maybe they can expail he needs to stop pushing tax money into green energy-- nobody wants it and it's a total bust

The solar industry which is one of our life savers is being crushed because the oil industry and the coal and atomic boys want it to fail! Solar installations should be subsidized by world governments and the units should be sprouting like weeds every where there is sun! Electric cars could be charged and numerous other applications with no pollution and no utility bills, the sun is free!

I suppose it's comforting in a way to see stuff like this happening in China.

Home solar systems have a 40 year payback and a 30 year lifespan.

Hmmm, as technology becomes more available, history has shown us that the price of electronics or anything else goes down.  Not exactly a novel concept.  So why in the world would it catch these yahoos off guard when the price dropped?  And as usual, just another example of "fake" wealth.  This guy became a billionaire because some group of talking heads gave him a good rating and people in the market started buying stock in the company without a single, tangible product.  Now that it failed, again, people are amazed that there is nothing to show for it.  Maybe someday....maybe....these Wonder Businesses will actually have to produce something other than a concept or an idea.

Fortunately, anyone wise enough to consider solar energy is smart enough to do the math and see that the financial break even point of buying and installing and maintaining these panels is just about equal to product's life expectancy.  Plus, the Chinese quality and human rights issues just add to the uncertainty.

And another one bites the dust.

You mean to tell me the green energy isn't a good deal? Wow

Looks like Al Gore in the Front of the company, That alone would doom a company to bankrupcyThis should be an object lesson to everybody.  Even the CHINESE govt, with all its funding and subsidies cannot make solar viable market

and this guy laughs about it! what a waste! gore the bore has done it again! he will get his dues soon.

obama will bail em out

They sell the panels at a 1/4 the price it costs to make them, all to drive the rest of the world's panel makers out of business.  Then they'll own it all.

And there is Al Gore, going home with a suitcase full of money...ROFL...

More Green Energy for the world! Spain stopped the "Green Energy" projects, they could not pay for them and we think that we can make better?

In and out during the heat of passion and away with millions before broken heart sets in?

ball licking al-gore cant stand that idiot

oblamer will waste more tax payer money on this dream

Another one bits the dust. So how much did we loose this time?I've had solar installed since 2004. Not a single regret. Went from almost $400/month to $5/month (billed annually). If even 3 out of 10 homes had this feature, enough to supply just their needs, think of the possibilities. I like not having to worry about leaving a light on or how many loads of laundry I do a week.

Even the Chinese can't pump enough money into this technology to make it viable.Whats worse, is we borrow the money from China to pursue this failed endeavor here and pay it back with our tax dollars.

Didn't Al invent solar panels?

With everyone involved [except CEOs with democratic party ties a la Solyndra] losing money, do you ever wonder why Obama wants America so heavily invested in this? Maybe when he was quoted as speaking of his "hatred" for America, we should have gotten a clue!

I keep hearing the Queen song, "Another one bites the dust"

Ask Obama how he is doing on Green energy with billions being spent so far, and he is going to spend some more. Hey, i thought with all that money being spent, we would at least see our president riding in a green energy car or a plane.

That Al Gore,, what a great guy

Move the factory to Abu Dhabi.

Solar at this point in time is simply not affordable to the common working family...it works...its just not cost effective.

$2.9 billion to only $500 million!It is enough to bring tears to your eyes.When government stooges try to run businesses, this is what you get.  They have noidea of cost, profit, loss, overstock,, etc.,,, Running deficits with endless borrowingis their thing.

Why doesn't Suntech ask their cheerleader Al Gore for the financing?

all this "Green" #$%$ is just another scam by the left to make money with govenment subs then they leftys cash out and leave the taxpayers high and dry. Demo#$%$s are trash and sk  um of the earth almost as bad as muslims maybe as bad

----Yet Obama still promotes green energy wasting billions of our money and not a dime of his-

wonder how much money obama gave them

FRAUD

Connect the dots and you will most likely find Obama too

One more example of politics trumping science and business.  In this case, the loser is the taxpayer.  The winner - Democratic politicians and their pols who stash their pockets with tax-payer money.  Al and his buddies should pay it back.

Al made out like a bandit with subsidy money so it's ok. Remember its "for the earth"

Solyndra part deuxI don't recall hearing about any oil companies not paying their bills?

And he wants us to be mad at just the bankers

Cheap labor, large government backing and subsidized material and solar still isn't able to be economically profitable? Who would have guessed that!  Hey Barry, you listening???

Obama send them a couple hundred million...it’s your favorite energy source... like Solyndra... or maybe they didn’t contribute to your campaign like Solyndra did!!!!

there is the problem.  al gore is involved.

OMG, I hope Obama and the Department of Energy doesn't hear about this or there goes a few billion more.

No way!

Clinton/Gore;Bush/Cheyney;Obama/Biden - and then we wonder why this country is so screwed up?  That is a real trifecta, isn't it?

I kind of wonder, is China as stupid as Obama??  Are they going to give Al the money??  Is Al going to return it to the US for the Solindra BS?? or is he going to keep it??  Questions, Questions, questions.

Al Gore is the white boy in this deal just like he was in the deal with Al-zeera!!.  Funny how a rich white dude continues to make money with all the foreigners and he does not get called on the carpet for anything. Mainstream media looks the other way on this #$%$!!  He is the biggest hypocrite I have ever seen.  Divorces his wife and makes millions at the hands of the American people who are suffering.Liberal causes = FAILURE

algore needs to practice what he preaches and stop personally wasting energy with his house.....snake.....

Just another solar rat trap!

What the hell does China's government being communist have to do with this company?  Seriously?  Every time someone mentions China they mention communist, too

Al, quick like a bunny, gin up some new earth threat that you can sell to obooba.  I like killer astrodes myself, nothing to be done, but people will buy it if you call it real estate.  Call me.  BR549

Doncha just love to turn on the `puter and see al gore`s wide face on the screen.   i think i`d rather look at a buzzard puking!!!

its all an al go created scam!

Nothing new, inthe olden days the inventer went broke, the invester got rich, to day the investor runs the company in the ground and runs with the money.

"it is currently a difficult time for our company and our industry".....Cry me a river.

first of all the money you would invest in solar panels ain't worth it due to the life span of the equipment five years in not long enough for 50 thousand dollars. oil and coal is still the best option. And less not talk about the cost of going green building house.i'll take a dollars worth.

When even a story like this comes up (defaults on bonds ) and the writers are so careful not to say who were the bond holder is all ways makes me think its the USA tax payer .  That Al , he sure is a special kind of american ! The kind that needs to be put in a shallow grave !

None of my tax dollars are to be used to bail out these "green energy" idiots!

is that algore in the picture? instead of the "midas" touch ; or "green" thumb; everythimg algore touches goes to poop. the "feces" touch?

And how many billions does Pres O want to invest in more green energy projects?  Also does that great American Al Gore need another company to sell to foreigners?

I hope Al Gore had a lot of his money here !!!!

Like a house of cards, it's all beginning to fall away...

Shi's fortune dropped from $2.9B to $500M. Poor guy!!!

Solar energy could power everything cheaply and efficiently.  Which is why the power that be don't want it around.

A "Man-Bear-PIG" leading some "Fish-Head-and-Rice-Eaters" down the "Prim-Rose-Path" !Priceless......Let Big AL bail them out.

Obama to the rescue.

Only 500 million?  Gosh, sad.

I wonder if the Chinese hacked into Solyndras data base ;)

Sounds like its time for Obama to get out the checkbook.

Fat fake thief as usual, just like all cheap commies....

The Chinese should prioritize to clean up their immediate environmental problems. I understand that solar energy may be a way to make a buck, but making a buck also comes with both fiscal AND environmental responsibility. Their cr*p will be coming our way soon, and not spending money to take care of the problem like everyone else does increases profits, but I'll take potable water and breathable air over a buck any day.

Solar energy will slowly weaned us from depending so much on fuel oil  and to make solar energy viable we must have  lower costing solar panels.  If the tariffs  on solar panel  worldwide  are  remove  , solar panel production would again be viable and our overdependence on fuel oil would be greatly minimized. If not, thenm the opposite may happen.  Of course we do not want to loss the opportunity now .

Anyone figure out why all of these solar places are failing, aside from the fact the solar doesn't really work well?  Too expensive and too inefficient.  You need a barn roof just to produce a portion of what a house needs in electricity.

wow! every thing al gore touches turns to 2h!t!! it has to be a democratic thing because every word out of joe bedins mouth is 2h!t!he is a two face idiot..................

But how will I power my solar car?

Hey Oblameo, here's another one you can bail out.  That is if you had any money.

Will somebody show this to Obumer and the democrats.They want another stimulus package for this kind of #$%$ that hasn't produced any jobs but has made his cronies rich! What a bunch of BS.

Onemunfirst learn to cook before using cookbooks.

i guess we taxpayers will have to bail it out.

First Solyndra, now SunTech, next T Boone Pickens Windmills.  Guess Al Gore is smiling cause he bailed on Current TV and got big bucks from "al jazeera".

Forget clean energy man. Lets burn fossil fuels. GAD will protect us.- Hesus

Here is a thought, let al go support them with the money he has. Or is he against solar???

Please don't tell me the Pres.is going to give them money to save Suntech ! ,While I would like solar panels on my home and an electric car - thus far neither are partical from an economic standpoint.  Yes, they both work well - but until they are cost effective they will not generate enough revenue to earn profits.  At least wind turbines are working well and earning money...

Al is just another greedy conglomerate figure, his purse as fat as his own physique. Hard to accept that he was once this country's vice president.

Is this the company Obama put money in to from US as well?????

HEY AL......Want to make some REAL money.....Two words...KEYSTONE PILELINE......

and the teabaggers hate anything thats not fossil fuel eating.

Sounds like something Obama would have the U.S invest in.

Another big fraud perpetrated by Al Gore and his fellow globalist/bankster/plunderers just like global warming.

Al Gore should write another book, titled "A Very Convenient Lie."

Never ever should liberals have access to the credit cards, checkbook or cash.

Never meant a liberal that can start a business with no outside finanical help, and succeed. And i`ve never seen a liberal in goverment that can add and subtract and balance a budget for that matter.The definition of a liberal goverment leader, a person that doesn`t care about the consequences of defying fourth grade math.It is weakminded to take this default as some kind of "proof" for a pre-science believe system that "HATES" anything not oil and LOVES to believe solar energy will fail.  LOL.  Look up Suntech at wiki and read about how enormously successful this company and industry have been and continues to be.  See especially at that site under "Investments", the references listed below related to this default.  This default is about dodgy financial dealings and possibly a deliberate weakening of a company that has too much of a share, one-third, of the global solar industry.  This kind of dodgy finances happens in the deep end of SUCCESS when dough is rolling in, not in cases of a company or industry not cutting the mustard.  And, speaking about cutting the mustard, how on Earth are prescience folks going to know how to invest if they still believe alternative energy is merely a "liberal lie"? lmao.

Are you telling me that solar energy isn't practical? What on earth are we going to do?

Another failed green industry billions lost; jobs wiped out; time for Obama to double down on Green Energy again.

I'll let them borrow from me... oh wait, that extra cash I had was just taken by the feds.

Was this not one of the solar panel companies that was part of Obama's green agenda and lost hundreds of millions of US tax dollars. Why was this not mentioned in the article?

This is Obama's and Lib's answer to going green!Looks like he created 43 jobs,lost 43 jobs plus 541 million of our money to who?Big Al?Give me a break,how stupid are we for  having these idiot's spend and handle our money?They need to have to pay back every dime,that they loose!Take it out of their salaries and benefits.BS!Are you tried of this #$%$,yet?

Why did the editors pick a picture with Al Gore visiting the plant?   How is that relative to the story?

Let's hope Al Gore had all his terrorist money in thier stock!

Those that lie, cheat and steal ... and get away with it. WIN !!! Just my opinion.

What is the CEO salary????So I called my mortgage company when I got behind and said I want to restructure my loan.........we all know how that ended.

--hope gore lost his current tv money in this investment

The problem is not SOLAR the problem is an over-stimulated Chinese production and stiff competition from Korea, causing an industry collapse. Germany is eliminating nuclear energy plants and has implemented giant solar-produced energy plants that now account for 1/2 of all energy.

ONE MORE CON JOB

Obama is a M*0*R*0*/V*, IF He really wanted to use the resources of the Federal Government to support Green Energy, then he would have proposed a 95% Tax Credit for installing solar or wind energy on a persons home...!!! Instead of that, he used the Taxpayer money, in the form of loan guarantees (i.e. kickbacks) to his supporters, FAIL...!!! His problem is, a Tax Credit benefits the Taxpayer and the environment, and he has problems with helping ANY Taxpayer...!!!

AG makes lots of money.

Wonder where all the GOP shills who were #$%$ about Solyndra are hiding NOW? Probably under the nearest slimy rock. Suntech is the reason Solyndra went belly up. Solyndra cost us $450 million, now this loser outfit has cost China $541 million. Maybe we couldn't perfect and successfully market the technology, but neither could the Chinese.Know how many tries it took Edison to fabricate a functional light bulb (that DIDN'T burn out in 2 seconds)? Oh...only about 10,000. Successful innovation is about 15% inspiration and about 85% PERSPIRATION.PS: Hey Mitt, you lost ANYWAY. The People of Freeport, IL say you can S*CK IT!

How much is this going to REALLY cost me?

If Obama wants to lead by example, he should make Air Force One completely electric or solar powered and take several trips this week. Would like to see how that pans out.

Oh look, it's Al Gorezeera.But Obama said solar is our future, and we all know Obama knows everything right?

there is still time to sustain the earth and have group sodomy.love choice .fix it later.

Didn't Al just get a big payday. If he is so sold on alternative energy, why doesn't he bail them. I'm quite sure he invented Solar power too.......

You just watch how this story vanish after the liberal media spin. Anybody who object is skewed by liberals with the raccoon like stare of the Horatio remark "these are but wild and whirling words".

Looking through the comments I have to wonder if anyone read the article or even the headline.  I know a lot of you are looking for any reason to blame Obama or Gore.  But the article is about China.  Also, the Suntech declared bankruptcy because the market is crowded with too many competitors.  Am I missing something?

Abound,Solyndra,A123,Light Square,Evergreen, Now Suntech! There are more that I can't remember, about 12 in all ! A typical home needs 45 panels to get completely off the Grid, plus another $2500 for the Inverter,labor, etc. My home has 25 panel 5KW system $32,000

Will teathuggers realize that Solyndra didn't fail because of government loans?Any company will fail if the price gets too low.

No problem get Obama to give them the funds - then the US tax payers can eat some more of Obama great give aways.

Seems like Gore is the only one making huge money in the green sector. Money hand over fist at that. Funny how that works and not really hard to figure out if you think about it.

Boo hoo. P) u ^ c_ k China.Dont worry, Al Gore will reinvent the new solar industry!

a business partner faked $680 million in collateral????? How in the hell can you pull that scam off.?

So - is China taking notes from the U.S. or is the U.S. taking notes from Chine?  That is - government involved in business and strong arming.  A sure fire way to collapse an industry is the government invests and takes over.  Of course, we have lots of great examples of late of alternative energy government ventures falling flat - using tax payer dollards that are lost.  But then our 'The One' leader is not in favor of U.S. free trade to grow our economy.  He is all for following the blue print of failed economies all in the name of 'big government knows best'.  Not!

One word:  SILVER!

The ceo most likely got a multimillion salary for making a multitude of bad judgements but thats ok they are immune from responsibility. The investors and creditors were meant to lose while he walked away. When will this country learn that ceo'o are basicly thiefs with a large salary.

That's what happen when you max a market with cheap labor or robot built goods!

Why they need to further humiliate that dumb head Al Gore? Hasn't he been kicked around enough?  I recall the beatings he took for telling everyone that he invented the Internet!  HA HA!!!   The only two guys in the nation who believed him were Sergi and Larry of Google, who gave Al Gore money, because they felt sorry for him having never received a penny of internet profits.  (Look it up, if you no believe!)  Then poor dumb Al Gore makes the looser TV cable network which very few watched!  Then, Al Gore takes another boatload of grief for selling his TV empire for 500 million (Cost him close to one billion!)  The media should just leave that poor dumb pile of spit alone. Sure, he #$%$ the country and eats line Michael Moore, and gropes motel maids, but leave him alone already.

I didn't know there was industry DEMAND to begin with? Ahh, government economics 101?

I see the solar nay sayers are out in force.. you fools would rather continue polluting the planet  than get on board the Green Technologies future.. profits are affected when costs decrease.. thats a good thing for the consumer..average cost of a panel is under $250.. they have a 25 year warranty..yet you fools think its a failure.. the only failure is you and your fossil fuels addiction...I wish you "anti green" types would get some education on how economies and commodities work...I am amazed I have not seen any of you fools say its Obama's fault...You blame Al Gore..because you are jealous of his wealth and success.. you are such hypocrites...in your small minds it is only acceptable for GOP types to Profit...Know how many GOP supporters it takes to get an IQ of 10?there will never be enough GOP supporters to get an IQ that High....yet  you fools think keystone is a good idea.. never considering the costs to get oil out of rock..and the fact that unless we keep the sweet crude for America it will not affect our price at the pump.. the crude will go on the GLOBAL MARKET..and we will bid for it just like now..."Commodities trading.." Hey why don't you republican supporting fools go learn about it so you stop looking so freaking stupid..

Even the Chinese can't make it profitable. Another example of where Obama's failed policies are headed.c'mon democrats keep trying to force the world into your visions of grandeur and being green like kermit, fools

Wow. And people were putting down American solar manufacturers who were complaining about how low-cost the Chinese products were. Guess the Chinese weren't charging enough after all.

I am not against green energy but if it was profitable private enterprise would be doing it.  Having to subsize this form of energy is proving to be unsustainable right now. Oil is still the way to go at the present time.  Big government is not the  answer.  Letting private enterprise do its thing is.

GREEDY SOB's ! ! ! If the cost of installing solar electric was not sooooo expensive, they would have a lot more business. I WANT SOLAR, but right now there is NO ROI ! ! !

How long before you liberal dumbazzez realize solar will never make it.It's been around for more than 20 years and I have not seen 1 more solar panel than I did 20 years ago.I see that idiot Al Gore leaving this company......If you are a energy complany and you have had Al Gore as a visitor,you might as well put out the for sale signs and file for bankruptcy

They need solar even more than we do. We need China to solve it's pollution problems for the sake of the world environment.

No surprise here.

Solar power. Didn't work for the Mayans, won't work for us.

Please invest in my new Moonlight Panel Business named "MoonTech". I only need a Half Billion $$ &amp; with the long Winter Darkness &amp; Moonlight up here in Alaska it's gonna be a HUGE Power Supplier! First Come First.......

surprised....? really....?Al's goal was publicity and the prostitutes don't cry foul like when they get ripped off in Oregon... He's a was of breath and has a huge carbon print...! Obama loves him!All for alternative energy but why won't they harness the wave power of our rivers and coastlines. It's consistent, daily, dependable and cheap.

i have solar clothers dryer plans im selling for $20.00 dollars each, guranteed to work

Al Gore, AKA grown up Eddie Munster.

gore should bail them out with his own personal money-if shi has 500 million of his own moneythan he could use that also.

Does anyone know if Al has found that "Man.Bear.Pig" monster thingy yet???

i heard that obama likes solar panels......hmmmmm maybe a loan is in order

They government-subsidized their solar panel makers with the clear intent to put other nations' solar panel makers out of business. Just so they could control the market.And lied that they didn't subsidize those companies.Well. Well. Well.Oft said, worth saying again. What goes around, comes around.Oft said, too:  Cheaters never prosper.

There he is, the global warning liar!

Poor Shi, he's only worth a half billion $.  What a shame.

Obama be sending them some more money to make him a solar panel for the house weres hes stays , just tax them rich folks and let them pays for itSolar energy is just going to have to be a DIY project.

Big al and the red chinese two defaulters if ever there were ones

why did they have to show that dumb and ugly as sin buttface gore?

Gore has money to loan them .....

Al Gore leaves a trench in the EARTH every time he touches something! Not very ECO friendly I think?

Dear Yahoo. Don't think it would be a good idea to screen robots out of your message boards? Do these post look real to you? Add a layer of ID. We don't need special interests posing as actual people on these boards.

Oh I'm sure obamma will run over there and pay all the bills with our taxpayers money. Couldn't miss a chance to get his mug in the news as the great wonder boy.

But if we don't find it manbearpig will get us all!

Haven't they figured out its not a viable source yet? How much of other people's money will they waste before they figure it out I wonder

Debit Insane Hussein!I don't understand.  Isn't this part of the plan to save the planet?  Come on people, barrow some money from the fed and put up some panels.  It's the right thing to do to support the new world order.

Stop screwing around ,  start pumping the damn oil .

the collapse of solar panel prices  is a positive for consumers  I installed a PV system on my home  and am very happy with it production.  I probably would not have done it had the component prices be 3-4  times the cost of what I  paid  in November. Believe me  it is worth a look

they are sniffing at al like he's a dog in heat.

All of the money spent manufacturing green products could have been spent on materials research. This would have advanced solar technology. This is not about advancing solar technology. By the way where are all the Obama zombies on here. I don't see any.

Al the only global warming is Al Gores wallet and his massage visits!

The price of natural gas is low in America compared to the rest of the world. This can be said for oil and gas in the next 10 years. This will bring companies back to the US. America, Canada and Mexico are going to trounce the Saudis.

Oh, no ... poor Obama, Biden and Gore will shed tears once again.  Here's their solution: let's pump about a billion dollars of taxpayer money into an American company to replace the Chinese failure.  Yeah, that's the ticket!!!

And yet our federal gov't keeps giving similar failing eco-companies $billions of our tax payer dollars with no end in sight.  Somebody please make it stop...

Yah - who needs solar energy anyway when we've got plenty of coal - and plutonium!solar doesnt WORK you #$%$ idiots

Another SUN goes down.  What's it going to take to convince the idiots that if the sun don't shine, you go broke.  Next I suppose they'll be trying sun power to run our gasoline vehicles.

Carbon foot print what a load of POO!!!!

For a $8,000 to $12,000 investment the average home in American can be powered by the Sun for the next 40 years. If your a republican it would only be about $3,000 for your trailer most of that being the inverter price. Why more people don't take advantage of this is beyond me...

Why do I get the feeling that I didn't even have to open this article to know that the fossil fuel industry's "Sockpuppets" would be all over the comments section?

China will just get the money from the USA.  After all we have certainly borrowed enough from China.

Another of Obama's ideas going bankrupt. Be t he asks for the money so they don't go under eventho it is in a communist country

From the looks of the picture, the people working there are applauding because the pompous idiot is leaving.

Raise your cursor if you are surprised!  It seems what solar companies are best at is going bankrupt, but it doesn't matter.  Obama insists on pouring money into them in spite of all the money we have wasted so far.  I don't mind seeing private citizens take the chance and lose the money, but are country is heading toward bankruptcy and can't afford to do so.

Just one more reason to not trust old AL.so big deal, now go back to the gov and could probly get a few more billions just say its for green energy. these people laugh all the way to the bank.

GORE SMILES all the way to the BANK!!!!  Any one else would be in jail!!

this fat pig is a traitor, he should be the first drone strike

It reminds of the scientists that froze to death researching global warming.....how ironic.

rararara.... Rot's a Ruck wiff doze Sorar Pranrals!

If the Chinese couldn't make it profitable paying wages of $5 a day, what makes us think it's a good idea?

Maybe Obama should bail them out - pretty good track history with solar manufacturing investments.  Oh wait,

He got his hands in everything, most bad.  Ican see him as the next villain in a James Bond movie.

Yet another failed foray into the green energy market, and for all the right reasons. Market manipulation, [ looks like China took a lesson from those " evil " Wall Streeters ] and phony investor financing have led to ruin. Solar energy has a place in our world, and is becoming economically feasible. Let the technology create a viable market, people will be receptive. This is what happens when ideology drives the marketplace.

BEND OVER WE'RE ABOUT TO GET IT AGAIN, LETS' HERE FOR GREEN ENERGY..There is so much here I dont know where to start... one thing though; look at him... can you imagine!!! Almost our president, a truly terrifying thought... Al Jazeerah Gore.

Good old Al, inventor of the internet, second only to his pal Oblunder in being the savior of us all. At one time his family farm in TN had a large private landfill polluting the area. Wonder what ever became of it. We will never know.

Let's let Obama make some more solar investments. Or, alternatively, let's go out in our back yards and have a bonfire with our money.

Government DOES NOT BELONG In The Private Sector  --  They Have no clue as to how to make monies  --  Only Spend it

there goes the Stimulus right down the toilet, i hope obama didn't have his kickback in Cyprus

I wonder how much of American money was lost to china and al snore and all of the other liberals ?

Junior will advise then just before the go completely under!

Oh $500 million is still well off even in the US.

Shocker!!!!!  When will people wake up and smell the riches?  These idiots are making millions off of our tax dollars!  The biggest one Wind Mills! What a joke.

Al di dmake his money on the deal and left the share holders out in left field.  this is exactly what they will do with the Carbon Credit Smoke screen.  Hint anything Al Gore gets his hands on run and run quickly!!!!!Id be willing to provide Al more grren energy.....just enough to power the special chair i built for him

Modules have dropped 57 % in price over the last few years?  Show me the modules!

Ordinary people are supposed to conserve energy - not the "ANOINTED ONES!"

Hmmm. Even the low balling Chinese can't make a buck on solar energy. Mean while Al Gore keeps preaching the green energy is the future.At this rate of economic failures we will be standing around old oil drums burning obsolete technology for fuel.

Affordable green energy is still lightyears away.

Sounds like the owners are sucking the money dry from the company and have left nothing to operate on? Dropping of market shares may be one thing. Buy them now at 68 cents and wait for them to go back up after Al Gorezerra buys the company and pumps in some fresh cashola.

Oh wait, the Liar-in-Chief will get some more money from China for you.

WOW WHAT A SCEAM

JAILBIRD !

Money laundering is right. The rich get richer and nobody goes to jail. All in the name of "Business".Haaa and you thought your mortgage had a wicked balloon payment!

Is this another taxpayer bailout waiting to happen? Most likely "yes" from the Obama Camp.

I live near Nashville Tn. Hemlock Corp (Dow Chemical) just constructed a 1.2 Billion Dollar Solar facility in Clarksville,Tn. One phase was comleted recently and all people hired were terminated! Now the report is that they do NOT know what year the facility will open. Dumboma has us pointing in the right direction alright!

Take That Green / Solar /Global Warming  Tree Huggers. Looking in Your Direction Al!

What a corrupt world we live in and they continue to allow it on a daily basis. Unbelievable.

Surprise, surprise! ANOTHER Green Energy fiasco! But Obama wants to SPEND EVEN MORE on this stuff! When will he learn that this isn't going to work? What a loser AND we're stuck with the BILL!

Another green company going bust.  This tiime in China.  Mr. President it should be a lesson.I am asking myself how many have been successful?    Al is good about talking about green energy,  how many dollars has he investing in one?  he  rather sell his company to AL Jazeera who speaks against America.  Show the true color of our  Ex Vice President.  When I think that man could have been our President  It  Should give a wake up call to the American People.

When I see that lyin Al's face, you know something is not right.

I smell a bailout.

What? You mean the Federal Goverment didn't back this company? But it is the coming wave of new energy.What drop in prices none around here

Remember Solyndra? Government-business partnerships are not good. Get government out.

We are seeing a free market solution or dissolution of a capital based company in China, where in the US, selected companies get last-gasp bailouts before failure and noboy does anything about it.

Real shocker there.

Again another company that needs more money.Wasn't president Obama the savior of solar energy,like solyndra? No I must be thinking of a different african-american president in the U.S.

SOB_ the Chinese are just going to have to find some cheaper slave labor. And low-cost Suntech photovoltaics were the reason Solyndra went under. Dang_don't let Barry or Algore visit your facilities or "you didn't build that" for very long.

The new "shock and awe" No worries the few mean't to take home the left over 100''s of millions will still go home happy. I'm sure like me, you'll sleep better too.

Well, well...another one of Obama's prized " alternative energy " companies is going belly-up.SHOCKING.You can bet he'll flush even more tax money down the toilet and bail them out.There's never been a more incompetent and energy ignorant President in modern history and it's costing this country dearly, not only in wasted tax money on propping up these green companies, but in the over all cost of energy to individuals. The price of gasoline, fuel oil and even coal powered electricity has never been as high as it is now thanks to Obama's blundering.

And there is the 'global warming guru/cheerleader" al gore smiling all the way to the bank on the backs of American taxpayers via the failed green-energy policies/investments of obama

Time to Tar and feather and bake in front of a Solar Panel!This is what happens when governments try to control by artificially propping up or undermining an industry, business or activity through subsidizing or taxing (socialism). Solar energy may happen, but it needs to happen at its own pace through supply and demand (capitalism). Now taxpayers will ultimately be forced to pay for yet another folly by governments that want to control every aspect of peoples' lives. The master/slave relationship has never worked and will never work.

Good enough...why should it just be the US taxpayers who get screwed by solar companies going belly-up? lol

Who says idiots can,t get elected? Also,when do we or Cogress start procedures for impeachment? Is,nt knowingly spending money that is not yours an impeachable offense!Jim

The cause of loses in the solar industry are starting to show.  Just like the chinese steel industry they were producing product and material through loans but not making enough to pay back the loans.  This is called market dumping in an attempt to put the competition out of business but instead has almost brought the chinese industries to their knees with no real way of making profit.  The problem is the damage has already been done world wide by this illegal action.

Not to worry. I'm sure Ostupid will give them money.

so, have Fossil based industrial infrastructure, and trying to build efficient energy projects..while double spending... but want a warm and fuzzy feeling of Green and renewable??? LOL...trolls!

No problem!!!!  Obama will save you and give you a few hundred million more to do as you please with. Just make sure that you kick back 10-20 million to the Obamas.

The Insanity of Green: People need lower-cost green energy and ways to produce it. Manufacturers need the highest possible price and a willing world to buy the technology at the highest prices, to make profits. People can not afford the high prices, so they drive prices down. Manufacturers can't make any money, and go bankrupt. People get less choice and eventually nothing. That's the Insanity of Green

Well, since China essentially owns the U.S., they can afford to bail out one of their own.

Your first problem was associating with Al Gore.  You now the rest of the story.Doesn't China have government subsidies to help this company?

Does Obama and his savvy investors have any US taxpayer funds in this ??

Al Gore must have a huge bank account these days considering all the scams he's involved in. Bet he keeps it out of reach of the IRS in overseas accounts. If you will notice, he takes a private plane everywhere, rides in a large SUV's and has multiple houses. What a hypocrite.

Hey, look! It's the Great Hypocrite himself, Mr. Al Gore!

Algore is smiling in this picture because he knows he will be taken care of. Gee	, I thought that sunshine was free.

Where is Al when you need him ?????

This is just a minor setback. Obama has plenty more tax payer dollars to funnel over to Suntech. And Al Gore can keep on smiling and hustling. Life is good for liberals  and democrats. Enjoy.

Ok, I'm sure they can find a way to blame Bush.

Hope and Change

Many airheads are missing the point of this news.  It has zero to do with the USA and its politics.  China has been dumping cheap solar panels on the world market for years in an attempt to eliminate other competitors from other nations.  In a beautiful bit of unintended consequence it is instead eliminating itself.I think I'll start a business based on a product that can't compete, is over priced and can only survive if I get handouts from the government.   The new American dream.

Al is a plutocrat, who is at the forefront of Agenda 21.  To rebuild the world to the vision of Agenda 21, the world has to first be destroyed.  That is the end game that Al is working for.  Don't you ever forget that!

But Barry Said the Green Jobs would come....

Automobile were once thought of silly and useless by the same type of brainless people who are posting on here.  So get out of your car and RIDE A HORSE.

Yahoo: dotn turn into Fox News please !

Another failed libtard fantasy.

And OBAMA will be subsidizing green energy from money confiscated from the oilindustries. SORT OF REDISTRIBUTION OF WEALTH.

Wow, first Al Gore invented the Internet and now solar energy panels. He must be some sort of genius. Too bad we don't have him leading us rather than Barack.LOL.

the truth: its not economicly feasable,or profitable or affordable ....sorry

Here is Americas chance to move ahead in the solor maunfacturing world..Now, if the government would have contraced with Solera to buy $500 bilion in solar panels for government buildings rather that give the business $500 billion dollars we would have a pay back in just a few years plus Americans would have been working..I hate to see this in print, bummer will want to give them millions of "our" money.

Solar companies fail because solar power has yet to -and may never be efficiently harnessed. It's an abject failure as a technology. It is the Edsel of energy.Along with wind, that is. (There's a reason sailboats have a motor, you know.)

So if "moneybags" Al Gore really believes in solar power, he should take the company over and see if he could make it viable. Figure the odds huh?

Al Gore, the master of douchebaggery, I wanna be line right behind him in line when he meets St. Peter. I could be a mass murderer and my ticket would be punched into heaven.

Being the founder of the largest producer of something no one wants still makes you a billionaire.Money from governments looking for media points is still the best get rich quick scheme on the planet.

Couldn't happen to better people, Al Gore and China.

The real problem is that the oil merchants blocked the green energy; they commanded the governments in Europe and US to block the cheap cells from China because they have no participation in that business and they are not interested in green other than the one in the money bills.

I've said it before and I will say it again, for the most part, any appreciable amount of energy from wind, solar and biofuels are not much more than pipe dreams!  Get used to it, algore and obummer!

What do you call Al G., after a terrorist attack????!!!! AL GOR...R..R,,E...E....Y,  LOL...

...Never mind the politics ya low I.Q. dweebs..Solar Panels for homes are a great idea &amp; will come to pass as soon as costs are in line with income of the average public.if hot air was a green energy we would be in great shape with this president an his little sheep

Well,,,,Sorry to be late to the party..Anyway, all this flappin" of all these jowls..puts me in a retrospective mood.  I seem to remember grainy old black &amp; white film (in my late 60's) reports of American efforts to launch  un-manned space vehicles during the earliest part of the 1950's...They're was an awful lot failures off the launch pad, but America hung tight..Eventually, success became pretty much the norm, and America sent "Astronauts" around the earth and finally to the moon.As a kid in Ohio, I certainly cannot recall anyone standing up and cheering the failure of the US Space &amp; Exploration program ??...Now, everyone has an axe to grind, a wish for failure, a finger to poke in someone's eye for the sake of retribution to even the score...whatever that score  might be...We all want our comeuppance..something that makes our own squandered little life something we can stick in the eye of whomever we have a grudge with...And America now just limps along..screaming for jobs that go unfilled, because there are too few  persons to fill the technical requirements of many jobs...we are busy wishing these jobs hate and failure...

Republicans always run fast when something like this happens and then place blame on others but never on the true backers of this..

I see this is the Al Gore hater's club. I wonder, do any of you ever think about issues instead of personalities you do and don't like? I remember you from high school, you were a bore then, too. Doesn't it stike you as strange that these industries are being shot down at the outset? You don't smell anything do you? Thought not.

Hey!   Its for the children

Maybe not in my life time but I think solar energy will eventually power our transportation needs .I think it is already fesable but every time someone come up with the idea , the big oil companies buy the idea for huge sums of money so they can continue to get richer on oil..

Same fools cheer when companys fail because of to much compitition.And you dont here a word out of theses goons.when we givg banks 700 billion  you dont here a word.Republicans gave trillions to big Pharma. 3 trillion on a unjust war#$%$ OFF&gt; FOOLS

The oil companies and their paid shills in Washington are behind the solar industry's problems.  Millions in subsidies and tax breaks for big oil (welfare is okay for corporations, expecially if they pad your pocket!), minimal support and investment in alternative energy.  Meanwhile large swaths of the country are destroyed by epic storms about every 2-3 months, as a result of global warming, leaving the taxpayers and middle class with more bills to pay for reconstruction.  Too many are too ignorant to see this.  They are stealing from us all. Human life will be hell on earth in another hundred years - hope none of you boobs have grandkids you care about!

We better watch out. Next thing we read on Yahoo's front page is that Obama lends 3 million dollars to China because they have defaulted on a loan and they are soliciting funds from other countries.

If Al Gore knew God, he would know that all the money he makes is only going to make it easier for him to 'go to hell' but he'll never get into Heaven.  Can't buy our way into Heaven.maybe Obama will underwrite a loan to them

hold on ,  oboma will fire up the printing presses for some oboma bucks. B&gt;F&gt;

one little article with algores picture on it buried behind lindsy lohans 23rd rehab. what a joke this guy is except america pays for him

Mr Black cloud strikes again!

U r all, sincere and misguided. Millionaires and billionaires are playing us for fools. Half of you preach about research done by oil companies and the others preach facts from old hippies. Ask yourself, how small has ur computer and cell phone become in the last ten years? Accept the fact that unless we expect better technologies in all transportation and living environments. we r just here to make lazy rich people richer, they control our educational systems and limit the forward thinking of us and our kids, to proctect their profits.  I would like a car that flys a foot or less off the ground and runs on a fuel cell (that wont explode and take out 4 city blocks), before i die.     I'm an American, we can accomplish anything together!!!!!!!    U disagree??  #$%$ and have a nice day.

This is beautiful. Lefty ideals at work in the real world. CRASH!! Hmmm, anybody see that coming??

Maybe Al and Obama can loan them some of their own money instead of our tax dollars. Oh GOD , what did I just say !  Wees needs dat money fo welfare and food stamps fo da peeps dat voted democrat !

USA giving too much free money to israel harming its own middle class

Maybe we could ask for some of the 1.3 Trillion Taxpayer Dollars that were given to theUpper 1% of the Super Wealthy in 2002.  The Taxpayers only paid in 1.1 Trillion.  But,the owners of The Party  needed a few billion.  Thanks American Tax Payers !

Read the article. It's called competition, morons. The Solar industry is Booming!They flooded the market with cheap solar panels to destroy the US market and Obama got the blame from the stupid’s.  What goes around comes around.....

"The price of cells fell by 68 percent and that of modules by 57 percent."Bit of good news for the consumers.  Looking at the posts below...wow, what a bunch of dumbazzes.  This company is not US and has nothing to do with Obama.  Natural gas comps are going belly up due to the glut of nat gas.  Supply and demand people, supply and demand.

The reason this happened is the the cost of solar panels have come down dramatically. There are still tons of solar panel manufactures out there. Did every computer company survive the computer revolution? Renewable energy is booming. Look at the jobs being created in wind.

No one should blame big Al G, blame GWB.

Everyone knew the "green" energy canard was just that especially when it freely admitted it could not exist without HUGE government give-aways. Only the "Green-Doom-Sayers" made money and then they skeedaddled with the cashAlgore is one of the top 0.001 percent moneywise but the Liberal-Progressives still worship his-highness because hypocrisy is SOOO much easier than good judgement.They can imagine six impossible things before breakfast every day.And The Suckers Never Catch Wise.FORWARD!... over the cliff ...

Here is the good news that slobbering conservatives have not noticed: "Prices of polysilicon wafers used to make solar cells plunged by 73 percent from 2010 to last year. The price of cells fell by 68 percent and that of modules by 57 percent." Companies fail, but products get better and cheaper.

Shucks, I had my solar panels installed and they are working fantastically.  I even get checks FROM the utility company.  Enough so I can take comfortable vacations, fly business class, and enjoy 4 star hotels in Europe.  It has been a year now and I have never used one watt of power from my utility - not one.  My battery back ups are a dream.  I have even been swimming year round in my heated pool.  Thanks sun!  And thank you Ameican citizens for the very nice tax credits I received, and thanks to the state and the utility for helping me also.  It took 42% of the cost off my back.  I guess I am officially a taker now!!

Until we develop smaller, cheaper and longer lasting batteries, solar power will never be the solution to our power issues. We knew this fact way back in the 1970s.

Solar is NOT the wave of the future in spite of what BO and the liberals tell us.  Electric cars are also a joke.  Too expensive and no way to charge them up over long distances.

I see good old Al Gore is right in the center----can't keep a phony away!Every "green" company Obama has claimed was the future, has fallen. That should tell you something.Abound SolarBeacon PowerEner1Energy Conversion DevicesEvergreen Solar, IncMountain Plaza, Inc.Olsen’s Crop Service and Olsens Mills Acquisition CoRange FuelsRaser TechnologiesSolyndraSpectrawattThompson River Power LLCA123 Systems

Ah ha!  So now we know why Obama is pushing for another $2 Billion to give away.

If you want your business to fail, just ask a Liberal politician to endorse it.

The crop of current democrats will be remembered as the biggest money laundering racket in human history.

Al Gorione'  the Godfather of bull dung !

Let's hate him. He is rich and Dear Leader says we have to hate all rich people. Normally, I don't pay any attention to Dear Leader, but I will gladly subscribe to the "I HATE THE AL JAZEERA SUPPORTER, AL GORE'.

Al Gore looks like a complete idiot. That is why he is such a darling of democrats and liberals, he makes them feel comfortable and at home.

The finanical unhealthiness of Suntech should be very attractive to Obama.  Obama probably has the check book ready to donate, I mean invest in this green company.

He was not really a billionaire because he never had a successful product.  He had the speculation that he might be a billionaire given the unbridled enthusiasm for his product that eventually flopped.  I am a billionaire too, keep watching the news for me.

the left continues to be a failure no matter what hollyweird thinksWhile Suntech claims they have received no improper government support while being accused of dumping their inventory at below cost pricing they have a debt they can't pay.  Anyone know 2+2=4 and in this case they mass a large amount of debt while being a top producer and not be able to make a profit or even pay part of that debt.  You do the math.

When will we say it's enough and take our country back?

another of obozo's failed green schemes.  this time master slob gore got another photo op and misleading dialogue.  solar panels don't work, period.  yet fat al rakes in the bucks.  obozo looks stupid again.  that's easy!

More thievery of US currency &amp; taxpayer $$$ funneled to the leftists no doubt  !

How scared do you think the oil/gas industry would be if someone bought up a few hundred square miles in a cheap sunny region and all of the panels these Chinese cut-throats could produce and started producing HYDROGEN?Do you want to bet that there would be a new law stating that all hydrogen has to be produced from $4/bottle Ultrafina?

Prices in solar panels are dropping like a rock due to government subsides around the world.

drop the price of solar panels where everyone can afford them then you will sell a ton of them,but when it makes more sense to pay my electric bill verse spend on these and take 10 years to recoup  forget that!!

Well.....here we go again. Gore sure can pick'em can't he?

bwahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa...sunshine go away today. how much does it cost i'll buy it, bwahahahahaha

I'd still never want to trade places with Gore. Money will never trump integrity.A picture of another liberal standing in front of another bankrupt green energy company. You can put this picture right next to the picture of Obama standing outside Solyndra. Producing a sub-par product at a higher cost isn't a good business plan regardless of what liberals say...

Al Gore...always the huckster.

Another Democrat role model for a successful company.It is looking like Democrats ought to stay away from Business ventures. They keep making bad choices.

Take away the government subsidies, and the 'green' energy market goes...SPLAT!

If Ya can't make'em cheap enough with Chinese labor, Your F'D!

Al who?

A solar company in financial trouble?  Wow that's something new.  I don't understand how this could happen.  Obama told all of us this was the answer???

Somebody got filthy rich.

And to what purpose are we to attribute this meaningless drivel being constituted as newsworthy?   I say, Chap!!

Manbearpig sighting.Just ask Obama for out tax mone to help your failing business to stay open. Even though we all know you will just crash again.

Big al puts thr green in green energy,or is that he takes the green out

Almost $500 billion in tax subsidies for profitable oil and gas since 1918 ($4.86 billion/year for nearly 100 years), coal gets $3 - 5 billion/year, nuclear averaged $3.5 billion/year (1947 - 1999), renewables averaged $370 million/year between 1994 and 2009.  Hardly a level playing field.

Dropping one by one, companies driven by liberal ideology, instead of market driven forces. Producing a sub-par product at a higher cost isn't a good business plan, regardless of how many times a liberal says it is...LOL!

but....but....but..... solar power is the only intelligent alternative.   I mean, everyone ought to spend $30,000 to $40,000 to put solar panels on their home....right ?  It's sooooooooo affordable.... and we can run our cars on solar power, right ?

liberals just don't get the fact that their leaders and hero's are thieves extraordinaire you all whined about bush, but this regime makes them( bush regime) look like measly pick pockets..

Obama and his cohorts will bail them out I suppose.

Good news, hopefully the rest of Chinese companies will follow.

Where is the #$%$ head obumma with the bail out?