I like bananas!

With the Fed printing 40 billion dollars a month, they're just pumping that money into the economy is only going to cause hyper-inflation down the road. As soon as other countries realize it, we're screwed.

It looks like the travel industry is coming back first

The stock market is being falsely propped up like JP Morgan propped it up before the depression. If you folks want a little advice get out now. Put your assets into a solid asset portfolio because the government cannot touch your cash.

Withthe exception of the Nat Gas industry, the bubble will burst soon.

Global Clean Energy - GCEI....... turns trash into energym whats left can be recycled

There are hundreds of countries....millions of products.

These companies all laid workers off - then announce a stock rise.

It's now obvious that a parallel but opposite universe exists.  Just happens that we ended up in the dark and formidable universe.

Energy and Ketchup. ALL this means to me is that folks can not afford to leave the house and eat alot of cheap hot Dogs.A week ago some were on the 10 biggest percentage loosers on New York Stock Exchange

Airline stocks will be hi tomorrow but half the pilots will loose their job by tonite.

You can thank the fed for pulling a Libor right here in the U.S. for the increase in stock prices.

Take that you wall street fat cats.  That will teach you to mess with Barach H. Obama.  Now for you big oil companies, you're next.

No No No this cant be.. It doesn't fit in the conservative narrative. Obama must fail dammit. Lets try the sequester... maybe that will work.This message is paid for by the conservative party.

Obama is the MAN! Just admit it people, he is a pimp, rock star!

Thanks to BAILOUT Ben Bernanke and GREED. What goes up must come DOWN!!

WHERE'S GREG??!!

Thanks to BAILOUT Ben Bernanke and people STUPID Enough to Invest in FRAUD and CORRUPTION.

NYSE stocks posting largest percentage increases? So who got screwed so they could get that?I have no trust on financial markets, Too many crooks in financial market. I and my wife have lost our hard earning income in IRA investments..

HLF: watching Ackermann use his name to take a few billion out of owners wallets...and after 6++ years of getting fleeced hammered DECIMATED by the shorts, nice to see the shorts like Ackermann getting a "LITTLE" short squeeze...back.

ya know why? 'Cause CEO's are cutting expenses to the bone to max shareholder value. THAT MEANS YOU'LL BE OUT OF WORK SOON. Why? Thank Obama-hussain.

I thought the economy was in the crapper? teabaggers whine about it all the time. "can't raise these domestic terrorists on wall st's taxes by 4%, they are the"job creators" after all. and it's only been 12 years since the bush tax cuts were going to "create jobs". Still waiting.the only thing the bush tax cuts did was tranfer more of Americas wealth to the 1% and drive us into the bush recession.

Americans KNOW a BIG CRASH is Coming and yet they KEEP Pouring TRILLIONS in the STOCK MARKET??!!! Americans must live in OPPOSITE LAND?!!

Not to worry. BAILOUT Ben Bernanke is sure to BAILOUT EVERY COMPANY with BILLIONS!!

Corporate bailout money and billion dollar bonus checks with no taxes owed are on the way...

propping up the market again to build confidence  B$ they take it down HARD

Just got my first paycheck of 2013 and Wow I just got f*u*c*k*e*d by the government....Mayonnaise sandwich from now on da*mm*it...

Well gosh glad to hear these companies are posting higher....... meanwhile....Since election day .......At LEAST 105193 people were given notice that they had been laid off by assorted major companies including health care facilities here in the US. Along with that 30% of management level positions are being cut by Boeing, 25% from Lockheed, American Superconductor AMSC - 25% of Workforce, this does not include small businesses...... 48 companies have filed for bankruptcy and 427 businesses have closed their doors or have decided to close in the near future..There have been 6,125 Proposed Regulations and Notifications Posted by the federal government in Last 90 Days--Average 68 per Day.. stayed tune there is more to come. And you all think that only the wealthy are going to be punished after this election? I hope you enjoy the ride and just so you know, if you don't like it there is no refund..... Elections do have consequences...Before anyone on the left wants to take the time to call me a liar just type in daily job cuts and you can (if you are able which I am sure you all are) count them up yourselves. Please note: do not add the international job cuts in or it will look much much worse... go to our government fed regulations site and count them up....We should stop corporate welfare and rich tax evations.Over paid CEO's and parachutes retirements should end.Free up that real cash to create more jobs and lending capitol.The rich ain't hiring anyway.

welfare payments should be given out like the Hunger Games. Let em fight each other for the money

and the year isn't over yet..... wait for it......

In addition to Herbalife, another scam everyone should be aware of is the Amway Tool Scam. Google "Stop The Amway Tool Scam Wordpress" for more information, and forward this to every non-Distributor/IBO you know, so they don't get scammed.

alright so which is it ? this article states an increase and then right below it is one that states a decrease in the market . makes one wonder if anybody truely knows what they are doing or is that the plan  keep the public in the dark as to what being done behind our backs

Makes a jackass out MITT VOTERS. ME

Should just stop paying do nothing senate, Nevada u deserve h reid

very soon every one is going to find out just how fake the market is,GM stock was 39 2 years ago is 25.40 today.apple was 700 in aug today is 540.ford was over 18$ at the end of 2001today it a 11.41.the list goes on and on every major company stock has dropped.there is some thing very wrong with this picture.the numbers dont add up.

Insider trading.

Thank you, President Obama!CLF may very well become a take-over deal at $80+. Thanks!

Invest and face the risk of losing great if not all! At this condition of our economy which is leading towards Socialism and not Free economic enterprise! Nay I'll stay away from it exercise good and wise thinking.

BEWARE and take extra precaution in investing into the stock market while OBUZO is in command of the country as his leaning is toward anti-business and economic growth of the country's economy. OBOZO has socialistic views and inclination. His priorities are higher tax collections to finance his governmental expenditures and supports social giving that makes this country lazy and unproductive because of government DOLES. This practice makes the whole country a consumer rather than being producer country. I parked my investments in liquid form like cash for fear of uncertainty and poor country economic performance and near occurrence of financial collapse since we as a  nation is heading toward economic financial cliff. I rather have my money secured position than risking massive market fall and loss it all. Invest when the jobs that were lost make a come back come back, then people will start buying goods for they have in come to spend, but not these days when we are heading to be hit with higher taxes and the people will have less money to spend for their needs.

75% in cash now.... the drop is coming.... 4% or 10%... 500 points or 1500 points.... until obozo is outta there, i'm being extra cautious

Stay away from BTU heard they pawned pension cost off on a company called Patriot Coal and then they filed BK now the rumor is that the judge is going to go against BTU for all the pension cost they did same thing years ago with Kendall mines and looks like the legacy cost are finally catching up with em.

Just sold Dolby Labs for a cool 38% gain.  I also recently sold Schwab for a cool 19.8% gain.  Currect portfolio: Teva Pharms, Gastro Exploration Limited (small position, more speculative than investment quality), SPY, and Hewlett Packard.  Thank you.

I think the reason HK increased is because investors are learning that founder Mr.Wilson has successfully created and sold for handsome profit 2 other energy exploration companies.  HK is a winner by any measure

I'm long on SFU and short on HLG but hedging my bets against RTY with a long and a short-sell position. also playing the Europe markets to pick up some choice divvies but laying low on the GRS pay-out hopes, waiting for more word...PANIC OH MY GOD I lost a dollar better take it all out...my wife left me for a dog. thanks, TYPICAL DAY-TRADER #$%$ ARTIST!!!

Going up for some reason...takeover??

USG is overpriced with a 26% run-up in the past 5 days.  They never got the price increases they were looking for, although, they did get a small one.  The construction market is still horrible with hard road ahead.  USG hasn't been profitable for years now, and nothing will change for awhile to come.I'm buying Puts today. This rally will reverse once it pulls back far enough to trigger all the TS orders out there.All you day traders can lick my hairy #$%$

TO THE PERSON CALLING ME A RETARD, YOU MAY KISS IT WHERE THE SUN DOES NOT SHINE

RACKASPACE (RAX_ trading at 115X it's earnings?  Isn't that unhealthy????????  I dont get how this stock is performing....makes no sense

FRO hahaahaha..#$%$ stock...

Ponzi scam alert!  FRO up 8% today?  lol!!!!!

invn it is up because  it went down yesterday 1.58  for no reason the co reported much  much better then expected earning  that should be  $ 20 stock acording to fundamenyals the co is very profitable  and has no debt

news on mmr slipping out? mmmmmmmmmm