kroger laid noone off and kept prices down thats why they win!!!!!

they thought about us,their employes, and not themselfs

Have no fear we are in for a change with the new leader.He will turn this mess around. Hell he is no Romney never mind. But he could sell some of our stores off for a profit.

I am long in this stock because of all the press against it but yet it has very good cash flow, it is a $36 billion revenue company with brick and mortar assets, it sells groceries (not electronics that can be purchased online), the Save-A-Lot division is a hidden gem growing quickly and offering great products at competitive pricing, they are serious about improving the stock price for the investor, and Wal-Mart is not the competitor everyone says it is due to the deterioration in its properties and management. Also, it is in line to be at about 84% debt ratio in 2 years down from 98% now. Prior to the debt leveling off, it will be too late to get in due to increased price per share. Further, there are no signs of default anytime soon on their loans and SVU is paying down debt quickly.Don’t be fooled by the tricky press you see.When looking at volume, it seems to me that smart money is buying into SVU now. Some articles create panic so weak willed people panic and sell. As the market drops, smart money pours in waiting for the upswing in a few weeks or even sooner.It is now selling at an unwarranted panic price which is easily driven by bad press. When the timid elements go away, the stock will rebound very soon. The smart money will continue to work down the price, but not for long.Lastly, when a buyer makes an offer for an acquisition, the high price swing is foreseeable due to book value of about $7 /share with only 213 million shares out. A well leveraged company can make such an offer to SVU because SVU still generates large cash flows and has growth opportunity in the Save-a-Lot division. Some other company may be able to right size through acquisition. Also, at that purchase price or higher, the remaining stock holders will take the offer when voted on. I encourage you to look for yourself at the financial situation (including the future abilities and potential of SVU) and make a smart decision not driven by fear and/or manipulation of others.

SVU is doomed, by by Albertsons.

the way albertsons shelves look and always out of stock of many products,its destine to fail and the prices i cant afford to shop there after getting less than 17 hrs some weeks after being there 14yrs,im forced to shop wal*mart, thanks albertsons.

Why did KR, sell off today????