Long live to his Holiness BARTHOLOMEW , Ecumenical Patriarch and bishop of Constantinopolis(named by the turks Istanbul) as well as his Holiness FRANCIS, bishop of Rome and Pope of the Catholics christians brothers.

PS-I asked a Coptic friend of mine, and he said that at the minimum a bishop from their church will attend.

I'm a Protestant, but even I see this as a big deal.  Heck, even if you're atheist, you must admit it is hugely historical for this meeting to be taking place.

That is fantastic! I love seeing people of differing beliefs showing their respects to each other. Especially two groups who have had a schism between them. Not that the two groups will become one, but good relations is a wonderful thing!

I can't believe how many people are anti-Christian. They don't believe in freedom or religion or anything else that is good and peaceful. Wow! I truly feel sorry for them and will pray for them because they will definitely need it at their last hour.

being of E. Orthodox faith this news is not new but still welcomed .. i pray for this new Pope and hope that he stands by his words of helping the poor and pointing out the faults of Governments !!for those who love to put blame on religion it is not religion but Gov'ts that cause war ..

God Bless Pope Francis.

Our Saviour JESUS CHRIST will protect all Christians, whatever of denomination.My hope is the FATHER, my refuge is the SON, my protection is the HOLY SPIRIT, HOLY TRINITY Glory to you.Amen.

I actually asked someone last night about that.  I remember that when Pope John Paul passed on, the Orthodox church was present for it.  I remember them doing some sort of ritual and prayer over the body.

For Christians this is a good thing. The Investiture is seen as opportunity by political figures to increase cooperation with agendas, but this is good for the church spiritually. If prophesy is to be recognized, this is the finale opportunity for the coming together between Roman Catholics and the Orthodox

The Christian Church was split into Catholics and Orthodox because the Roman Empire had two capitals - one in Rome and one in Constantinople and they were fighting for power. That's ancient history now, there are no more emperors and no empires. It's time to forget those old conflicts now and reunite the Church of Christ.The first sentence ought to read "Bartholomew I, a [not "the"] spiritual  leader of the world's Orthodox Christians, ....".   There is no single authority, except Jesus Christ, for the Orthodox Church.

As an Orthodox Christian, I appreciate that the new pope is conservative in his values and that he is familiar with Eastern Christianity. However, I am disappointed that the article limits the differences between our two faiths as "married clergy and the centralized power of the Vatican". The reality is that Roman Catholicism has a different understanding of 1) who God is, as demonstrated by the fact that they changed the Nicene Creed, which the Orthodox still use in its original form, and 2) a different understanding of what man's relation to God is meant to be. The early Church Fathers taught that "God became human that we might become divine." Western Christianity has lost this concept of deification. This goes far deeper than questions of married clergy or other temporal matters.

The Holy Spirit at work!  Amen Lord!!

Why don't they just call the "Istanbul-based Orthodox Church" what it has been known for since the 300's? "The Patriarchate of Constantinople".Why? Because The Turks get HIGHLY offended when you call the city "Constantinople", as it is a part of it's non-muslim past. Nearly 2,000 years as being known as Constantinople, let's just change it!

End the schism, and Unite the church of the Orthodox and the Catholic!!   this is could be Jesus's prayer for unity being fulfilled in our eyes!

This would be a historic occasion for the two churches to reconcile their differences and agree to act as a new entity including all of God's children as before 1054! The opportunity and positive results would strengthen both churches and their members in wealth and population of the faithful!

A good thing.

"...the first time a patriarch from the Istanbul-based church has attended a papal investiture since the two branches of Christianity split nearly 1,000 years ago."It wasn't Istanbul 1,000 years ago. It was Constantinople. And I can't recall a single instance of a Patriarch of Constantinople attending a papal coronation *before* the split either.And of course, there's the usual "spiritual leader of the world's Orthodox Christians" twaddle. Patriarch Bartholomew is the senior bishop of the world's self-governed Orthodox Churches, but no one outside his tiny, almost non-existent see plus the territories outside Constantinople he's managed to open up for himself, including the Greek Archdiocese in the US, regards him as a spiritual leader in any meaningful sense.

Catholicism and Orthodoxy are the two lungs of the one, holy, catholic, apostolic church founded by Jesus Christ himself.

For the sake of all humanity, Christians need to learn to respect one another and work together.  United we stand, divided we may fall.Listen you Pope bashers;I am praying for you.You can't stop me.-  -HA  HA !!

What a great gesture !!God is watching for Pope Francis

The government of Turkey calls Bartholomew a priest.............. such an insult..He is the spiritual Leader of World's Orthodox church.. and He shluld be calledat least by Turks........... Ecumenical Patriarch........... not a priest....

The left wing media will soon turn against Francis when they figure out that he will not let self processed homosexuals and women become priest.

As an agnostic, I am very happy that these two branches of Christianity are talking to each other and working out their differences. We need more of that in this world.

Pope Francis is the one who can do it - reunite the two split churches - Catholic and Orthodox - because they are the true church that Christ founded. All other churches were founded by sinful humans.

A profoundly historic moment. Amen, Amen brother Bodo! Long live his Holiness Bartholomew as well as Papa Francesco!

I believe in God the Father Almighty, maker of heaven and earth; And in Jesus Christ his only Son our Lord: who was conceived by the Holy Spirit, born of the Virgin Mary, suffered under Pontius Pilate, was crucified, dead, and buried; the third day he rose from the dead; he ascended into heaven, and sitteth at the right hand of God the Father Almighty; from thence he shall come to judge the living and the dead. I believe in the Holy Spirit, the holy catholic* church, the communion of saints, the forgiveness of sins, the resurrection of the body, and the life everlasting. Amen.

Study the life of Saint Francis of Assisi.It is an inspiring story.

For you papel bashers;It is lent &amp; we forgive you !!I see only comments of neoprotestants lost here, that way they interpret the HOLLY BIBLE, and atheists.In your ignorance and stupidity, you are worse than Muslims terrorists.

There something so special about Pope Francis, may his reign be a long one.  I know several people who have returned to church since this man has become Pope.  He is bringing people back to church.  He is giving people hope and he is making people "think" and striving for peace.  God bless this man.

The most important thing is they both believe in Christ.

First the Unification of the Two churches then we take back Istanbul. Rename it Constantinopolis and finally restore the Hagia Sophia to its full glory, after is descration by Muslims.

the Holy Spirit is supposed to guide the selection of each Pope, in this case, the presence was manifest.

Great news!. The message of Christ is rock solid, but unfortunately humans ruin it. this is a giant step in the right direction...

So 1,000 years later, the two churches have agreed to disagree over the primacy of the pope.  Well done.

John Paul gave Bartholomew gave some relics back to the Greek Orthodox Church When the Catholics left the Orthodox (translated from Greek "correct") Church to form The Catholic  (Catholic translated from Greek "Uinversal") Church The Bible was written in Greek not in Latin some things are always lost in traslastions It would be wonderful to see the Catholics return to the "Correct" faith John Paul knew this That why he started giving The Relics back to the Orthodox

This is wonderful.

Pope Francis is the people's Pope.It would've been so great if we could eliminate all the rats(akak turks) from our holy city Constantinople!

The Russian Orthodox Church's Patriarch Kirill (ex KGB authorized??? ) - is staying home in Moscow and sending his envoy instead...

I wish the writers at Yahoo really took the time to understand what the real issues were behind the Great Schism. Sure, lone Papal authority was one of them - the Pope was considered the "First Among Equals", but NOT the lone spiritual authority. Decisions in the Church were made by all the bishops, not just one. The most important reason for the split was the Filioque heresy, which worked its way into the Nicene Creed in the West. Of course, there were later "inventions" in the West as well, such as Papal infallibility, and the immaculate conception of the Holy Theotokos (Virgin Mary). I can't see any union between East and West until and unless the Pope reinstates the original Nicene Creed first. That is an absolute must!

Being Russian and a titled prelate I have to say that my only quarrel with the Russian Orthodox Church is the presence of KGB agents in all the higher ranks of that Church.

I am Protestant and have a lot of areas where I disagree with Catholics but I think today, these differences can be overcome and Christians can be united much the same way that Protestants are united in the faith though sharing different views on certain issues.  I believe that in the next few years something akin to a new awakening will emerge.

Jesus is the foundation of Christianity, whatever kind, denomination, style, form, etc.

In my last conversation with an Orthodox priest he told me the Orthodox church was the ONLY church since the time of Christ.  The Roman Catholic priests told me exactly the same thing about their church.

There is not such thing as "...the spiritual leader of the world's Orthodox Christians." The Orthodox Church does NOT have a world leader.

For the political devilsthat have set faith against faith,the hottest rings of hell await.       Bless you Holy Father Francis!

The Orthodox Church doesn't have a head, this Bartholomew I is Patriarch over a defunct seat of the eastern church,Russian,Romanian,Greek,Serbian etc Patriarchs will not obey anything this guy says, they to "rule" their own lands.The most important Patriarch is the one that heads the largest church, meaning the Russian one, the 2nd is the Romanian Patriarch which in turn doesn't follow either Bartholomew I or Patriarch Kiril of Russia ... the Pope not in the slightest.Reconciliation,ha...it will take forever and most likely will not happen.People like the Troll hate God!  His god is government and government hates competition.6,217,133,620 people of faith in the world are wrong, but the Troll is right.  LMAO!

Come on people this is NOT the second coming!!

the concept of time in the Church is not on a human scale. I am glad to be around to see the beginnings of the healing of the Great Schism.

because of the koran (I blame the koran), there will never be real peace between the muslims and the jews (maybe even between the muslims and christians)..

The goal of any church is to bring lost souls to Jesus. Eternity is more important than millions of followers.

Someone didn't do their research very well.  Bartholomew IS NOT the leader of the world's Orthodox Christians.  The Orthodox DO NOT have a single leader.  Bartholomew cannot speak for the entire Orthodox Church.  Each Patriarch is independent of all others.  In Orthodox theology the Patriarchs are all equal, no one person has more authority than anyone else.  The Roman Patriarch, whom we now call the Pope, tried to change this and make himself leader of all Chrisitans both Western and Eastern.  That is why there was a scism in the first place.  Bartholomew's position as Patriarch of Istanbul (Constantinople) is honorary and not one of power like the Popes.  It all goes back to the split of the Roman Empire into a Western and Eastern Empire; and the move from Rome as the center of political power to Constantinople being the center of Roman power.  Bartholomew can have an influence in Orthodox circles but he IS NOT their leader.  What poor jouralism!

Pope Francis calls for love, mercy, forgiveness, understanding and tolerance of all faiths -- Asking those gathered at the Vatican to pray for him in silence, in their own chosen way; and offering a group of the public and news reporters from around the world a "blessing" given to them by silent prayer from Pope Francis in recognition that not everyone in the gathering is of the Catholic faith. This is a BIG improvement over the arrogant "my God - and my Jesus are better than your God and faith" that is par for how most Catholics operate. It is what churches of many faiths are doing that is turning many away from GOD because they see it causes wars and people of one faith to fight with people of another faith. So in the name of GOD -- the one and only above us, within us and among us -- pray for unity &amp; peace among all people. It begins and ends with LOVE.

I am Orthodox and I have a lot of Catholic friends who wish their priest's could get married too. Orthodox priests must get married before they become priests. They cannot get married afterwards, even if they divorce. I think that if it were the same for the Catholics, they wouldn't have so many problems. That is one of the biggest differences they have between them.

longlive pope FRANCIS, may the Lord God Bless you in your Holy work i declare the holy spirit to be your protector we as Catholics we love and pray for you our Father in Christ , AMEN

It' time for a healing between  ALL CATHOLIC  AND CHRISTIAN FAITHS!Jesus has been ''dismembered'' and left bleeding on the cross  for far too long!He cannot and WILL NOT  RETURN until they ALL reconcile their differences!Everybody need to join forces and dodge Islam .

I suspect Francis' experience as "the Argentine church's commission on Eastern Rite Christians" had something to do with his election.  Catholics are champing at the bit to be reunited with the east.  I spent a couple years exploring Orthodoxy, though, and I'm sad to say that many people within Orthodoxy absolutely do not feel the same.

With a world full of so much suffering and evil, unity between the Roman and Orthodox churches may lead to more understanding between all faiths.  So much diversion takes away from the purpose of following Christ.

Why not call it inauguration, after all, he's the Catholic's new president.....

This is a great development between the two Churches!  But you can bet the Liberal media, and athiests will find something terrible/negative about this!

Are Orthodox and Catholic Christians going to set a precedence for unification of all Christ children? Does this correlate with any "end time" theories out there? I'm not being fishious, justhonestly asking...

They could probably end the rift of 1054 AD if the Roman Catholic church was willing to give up the primacy of the pope and let him be considered equal among all bishops.Not going to happen.

Pope Benedict XVI gave a very memorable Christmas mass, one urging world unity by the people in an effort to have world peace and an end to what amounts to global wars, fought by the world's big super-powers in smaller foreign countries. I hope Pope Francis, with his heart and passion for helping and serving the people, will be able to ignite a global peace movement. The people all over the world want to be able to live in peace to enjoy their families and friends -- It is only governments and the industrialized military complex that wants war: for power and profits.

THE"LORD"AT WORK   !!!!!!

There is a good chance that at some point, the Orthodox Churches tracing to the Apostolic era will be united with the Roman Catholic Church like many other Eastern Rite Catholic Churches already are.  Let's pray for that.Hopefully, this will be a new beginning in the name of Christ.

And the love of God will unite all the world.Thank you Jesus for Pope Franci's.

l'chaim

Maybe he wants to ask for refugee status?

Outstanding news!  Pope Francis' predecessor Pope Benedict XVI set a lot of this rapprochement with the Orthodox into motion and I'm happy to see his effort bearing fruit.

The catholic "church" is a man centered, false religious system that is directly responsible for the worst atrocities this world has ever seen. It is responsible for the murder and torture of 50 million people to date just for not being or refusing to become catholic. (just google "Croatian holocaust" or "St. Bartholomews Day Massacre" or "Spanish Inquisition" or "rat lines") The vatican was in cahoots with Hitler and Mussolini and still is with the mob. The majority of catholicisms doctrines and practices are unbiblical and are based in paganism. It has perverted the true Gospel of Christ into a false gospel of works and sacraments. It is evil to the core and it insidiously does all this in the name of Christ. It is the political prostitute of Revelation 17 &amp; 18. Catholicism is NOT Christianity

If the "pope" is supposedly the vicar of Christ or the earthly representation of Christ then there should be some similarities. While on earth Jesus dressed like a common man and had nowhere to lay his head. The pope is always in regal apparel and commands the wealthiest institution on the planet. Jesus tirelessly served the multitudes, the pope is waited on hand and foot. Jesus deferred all worship to the Father even though He was God in the flesh, the pope gladly accepts the worship of millions even though he is a sinful man. Jesus said that only God is holy and to call no man father, the pope gladly accepts the title of "holy father". Nowhere in the Bible is the "papacy" found, catholicism twists the scripture in Matthew in an attempt to justify it but there is nothing in the Bible supporting a "papacy".

The Catholic church makes Hitler look like Mr. Rogers, they have killed Millions of people. Run as fast as you can away from a guy in a dress who says he's on a mission from God. Sounds like the gay Blues Bros episode to me. I am a Christina and we worship Christ God in the flesh not a silly man in Rome.

You do not like Orthodoxy and Catholicism, the only Apostolic CHURCHES, we CHRISTIANS know well this;go and comment on all your idols and shamans, wolves in sheep's clothing!!!

Good sign.Where in the Bible can you find infant baptism, confirmation, the mass, transubstantiation, celibate priests and nuns, confession to priests, last rites, purgatory, limbo, Mary sinless, Mary perpetual virgin, Mary assumed into heaven, Mary queen of heaven, praying to Mary and "saints", praying for the dead, one true church, papal infallibility, statues, rosary, penance, and the worst, the papacy itself.I'll tell you....NOWHERE. The "church" intentionally omits the true 2nd commandment against graven images and doubles up the last one against coveting making 2 commandments out of one. This is because of the blatant idolatry of catholicism, it is intentional scriptural manipulation and an abomination to God. The "church" elevates man made traditions over the sovereign Word of God which Jesus openly condemned. The "church" has perverted the true Gospel of Christ which is salvation by Grace through faith in Christ alone into a works based theology. Catholicism is corrupt to the core and its very hierarchy is unbiblical. When you add in all the murder and torture along with rampant pedophilia what do you get? One true church? Hardly.

The Christian G_D is one of charity, mercy, love, and forgiveness; in a truly Christian Conservative Nation the wealthy would take their weapons of war and melt them down into plows and hoes. In a truly Christian Conservative nation there would be no hungry or poverty; like Saint Martin, take your swords and cut your rich cloaks in half in order to share with a countrymen who is cold and necked in the streets.  But, it seems the Christian Conservatives of this nation know only hate, greed, and disdain for the least of their brothers and sisters, they, while claiming to be pro-life, willingly support war for profit, guns filling the streets, and the fastest growing prison population in the world. More people in prison in the united states of America than all other nations of the world combined.

Now that's eccumentical.

The origin of the Catholic Church is the tragic compromise of Christianity with the pagan religions that surrounded it. Instead of proclaiming the gospel and converting the pagans, the Catholic Church “Christianized” the pagan religions, and “paganized” Christianity. By blurring the differences and erasing the distinctions, yes, the Catholic Church made itself attractive to the people of the Roman Empire. One result was the Catholic Church becoming the supreme religion in the “Roman world” for centuries. However, another result was the most dominant form of Christianity apostatizing from the true gospel of Jesus Christ and the true proclamation of God’s Word.

I think this is great  and I have respected the Pope and  his position- but what about the Protestants - the Baptists, Episcopalians, Methodists, etc.  They are Christians, as well.

Does anyone else find this whole process a little creepy?

The article repeats the common misconception that at the time of the Great Schism (1054) the Latin Church and the Eastern (Orthodox) Church represented the "two" branches of Christianity. It fails to mention 1) the Oriental Orthodox Churches of Egypt (Coptic), Syria Armenia, Ethiopia and Georgia which had split from the main body of Christianity after the Council of Chalcedon in 451 and which were among the most important Christian Churches until the Muslim conquests in the 7th cenrtury. They are still vibrant churches in spite of  having been under Islamic rule for all or most of the last 1300 years and 2) the Church of the East, sometimes known as the the Nestorian Church, which was expelled from the main body of Christiamity in 431 after the Council of Ephesus (because of a disgreement over the nature of Christ) but flourished outside the Empire in Mesoptamia and beyond into India and China. At one time,in terms of geograpical extent, this great missionary church was the largest branch of Christianity. Sadly, Muslim expansion nearly extinguished this church which today is primarily confined to parts of India and parts of Iraq where it is known as the Assyrian Church. Tragically many of the Church's members have fled Iraq since the US invasion.

Eastern &amp; Orthodox churches should convert Muslims to Christianity. Millions of Muslims are ready to become Christians once they are free from Islamic clerics and leaders oppression.

I read these comments and it saddens me completely. We all need a relationship with our Heavenly Father, but for you to put faith in a man? The laws given to us something called the 10 Commandments.....#2. Thou shall bring no false idols before me. It been happening for a long time as each of you bow down to his "holiness" NO man can bring you closer to God than you alone, bow on your knees in your closet and pray for a relationship with God not througha many in a fancy cape....Jesus never wore a fancy cape..something to think about

How about we just all agree that the Bible is the sole source of truth and doctine? Then the Church would really be united upon those things that are of prime importance...Christ and his teachings.you know what's cool about the orthodox priests?  they're allowed to be married and have children...

It would be wonderful to see all the Patriarchs and Bishops of all christain faith come together and come to terms to solve world poverty and spread the Gospel of Jesus Christ in the true meaning of the word whether they are married or not.

I am glad he is enjoying this occasion while there is still religion some places.  Now that we have overwhelming reproducible proof that there is no God, soon we will be describing these events to our kids like telling them about Woodstock.  He will have fond memories.

the Roman church needs reform so hopefully this will go a long way in accomplishing that end ...

I'm sure a good man but not the representative of God on earth. Jesus paid the way so we could go directly to Him not through a man.  Religion has its many varied and different rules...Serving Jesus has one major rule "to know Him as your Lord and Savior" We all need to gather together with like faith for fellowship but don't forget who is our leader...Jesus..

PROLOGUE"FATHER, . . . this is eternal life, that they may know you, the only true God, and Jesus Christ whom you have sent."1 "God our Savior desires all men to be saved and to come to the knowledge of the truth."2 "There is no other name under heaven given among men by which we must be saved"3 - than the name of JESUS.

It is good that thjs is happening now. I think all who believe in Christ should be united.

For what it's worth, on the issue of married clergy: The practice of not allowing priests to marry in the Roman Catholic church is not doctrinal. It's just a rule that the leaders believe is beneficial and could be changed at any time if they so chose. If the Roman Church and the various Orthodox Churches were to re-unite as one Church in full communion, they could (and I think probably would) still have their own rites which would allow for married priests, just as many Eastern-rite Catholic churches do now. Also, I think it's worth mentioning that the rules state that within the Roman rite, priests may not marry and married men may not be ordained priests. However, if you were a married priest in a different rite and you became Roman Catholic, you would then be a married priest in the Roman Catholic Church. It does happen and is quite licit.Just thought I'd share that nugget of knowledge...

Just more 'costuming'..and more genuflecting.

We need thoughtful and respectful conversation in all areas of the world.Sorry Sports Fans, but the Roman Catholic Church is the one true Church and the Bride of Christ.  We must not repeat the horrible mistakes of the second Vatican Council.

And when they say peace, peace, then sudden destruction......

Fine and dandy but what does organized religion have to do with the worship of our creator?

This is a great photograph! "Now I see through the glass darkly, then face-to-face. . ."

Viva La Popa!!!

Pope Francis is already making great strides!!!  May God bless him in all his efforts and endeavors!!!  And may science realize ever more the truth of the Scriptures...that God is Light...that our bodies are made if light...that life IS immortal...Christian miracles /healings are real and widescale...and the supernatural presence of the Lord is at work today!

Married clergy in not a difference that keeps these churches separated. Rome is in union with many eastern rite churches such as the Byzantine Rite who have married clergy. It is wonderful news that the Bishop Bartholomew is attending Pope Francis' installtion.

The Vatican is beautiful! I am looking forward to visiting again!

What our Latin brothers do not understand is that the differences between us, which so many of you see as "trivial" or "just another expression of the same doctrine" are for we Orthodox matters of MAJOR importance. The Filioque, the claim of jurisdiction by Rome over the whole Church, the doctrine of Papal Infallibility, the doctrine of Purgatory (which to us is a non-existent place), the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception, a different understanding of Original Sin - these are all things which no Orthodox will compromise on. The only real way to reunite the Roman and Orthodox Churches is for Rome to renounce her errors - and become once again Orthodox in her Faith. After all, Rome WAS Orthodox for 1,000 years...it is she who has changed, not us. We proclaim exactly the same Faith as we have for 2,000 years.

Nice that both Churches can show respect for one another. The same issueof 1054 still exist. The Catholic church's foundation is to never sway from it'soriginal views. People of any century don't even realize that their views havebeen influenced by those modern times. The Vatican believes this and opens updoors for evil !Blasphemous quotes:"The Pope is of so great dignity and so exalted that he is not a mere man, but as it were God, and the vicar of God..He is likewise the divine monarch and supreme emperor and king of kings. Hence the pope Is crowned with a triple crown, as king of heaven and of earth and of the lower regions." Ferraris EccI. Dictionary (Catholic) Article, Pope.The pope is of so great dignity and so exalted that he is not a mere man (...) he is as it were God on earth, sole sovereign of the faithful of Christ, chief of kings, having plenitude of power." -Lucius Ferraris, «Prompta Bibliotheca», 1763, Volume VI, 'Papa II', pp.25-29"We hold upon this earth the place of God Almighty."Pope Leo in an Encyclical Letter, dated June 20, 1894.For thou (the pope) art the shepherd, thou art the physician, thou art the director, thou art the husbandman finally, thou art another God on earth." Fifth Lateral Council, Session (1512), in Mansi SC, Vol. 32, col. 761. Latin.The Bull Unam Sanctam... Issued by POPE BONIFACE VIII reads as follows:"The Roman Pontiff judges all men, but is judged by no one. We declare, assert, define and pronounce: to be subject to the Roman Pontiff is to every human creature necessary for salvation that which was spoken of Christ 'thou has subdued all things under his feet' may well seem verified in me... I have the authority of the King of Kings. I am all in all and above all, so that God himself and I, the vicar of God, have but one consistory, and I am able to do all that God can do.""The pope is the supreme judge of the law of the land . . . He is the vicegerent of Christ, and is not only a priest forever, but also King of kings and Lord of lords"--La Civilta Cattolica, March 18, 1871."We hold upon this earth the place of God Almighty."Pope Leo in an Encyclical Letter, dated June 20, 1894."And God himself is obliged to abide by the judgment of his priest and either not to pardon or to pardon, according as they refuse to give absolution, provided the penitent is capable of it." -Liguori, «Duties and Dignities of the Priest», p.27"The Pope is not only the representative of Jesus Christ, he is Jesus Christ himself, hidden under the veil of flesh." Catholic National July 1895.The title "Lord God the Pope" is found within a gloss of Extravagantes of Pope John XXII, title 14, chapter 4,

He'll be welcomed with open arms!!!

you don't have to have a Pope or any church to worship GOD ! you can Pray anywhere !

People.... It is THE Christ. Christ was not Jesus last name.

Prayers for Pope Francis and for the Catholic Church.

The Patriarch said: "From the first day, (Pope Francis) has won over hearts with his modest demeanor... I felt the wish to go and I am going willingly." Without doubt I am certain that Francis I was, is and will be GOD'S first choice. I'm elated. My one disappointment is certainly not with him but with President Obama's sending the worse two representatives he could have sent, Biden and Pelosi, Obama could have left a day earlier and attended himself but Israel, AICPAC, and the American Jewish Vote and their money obviously comes first.Hail Francis I.

great! more old men in dresses that chase after little boys...

Love one another,this is what jesus said + please build true christianity in this world +

interestingandtouching

Jesus Christ built his Church on Peter for oneness. There should be no division in Christ’s Church; rather there should be dialogue to remain in unity. Let all the breakaway wings (orthodox, Protestants etc.) be reunited. May Christ himself bless his Holiness BARTHOLOMEW and Pope Francis for a step forward and for the light for others to follow.  A father is never happy when his children are fighting among themselves. Long live the Universal Church of Christ."Bartholomew I, the spiritual leader of the world's Orthodox Christians".... Clearly this article was written with out doing enough research. There is more than one "Orthodox Patriarch" There is one for for the Church of Constantinopolis, Russia, Egypt and Syria.. There was a further schism with in the Orthodox church from Eastern and Oriental Orthodox in 1450ish. Reconcilation, which would be great, needs a lot more than just Bartholomew I.

How would the marketing term apply as to 'new and improved'?.....hmmm.....maybe,Pope Francis, Now, EVEN POPIER!!.....nah. Not really.  I'll keep working on it.

Why are muslims, Buddists, etc attending?  Do they want to convert?

Read the writings of the early Christians to learn what the apostles taught. Protestants hold to a modern, rationalistic interpretation of scripture that was absent in the early Church.Google: New Advent Early Fathers to read the writings of the early Church.

suppose Money is the root of all evil, and say it is shaped like a seed, somebody comes along and offers to take it from you as a service lest you inadvertently harm yourself not knowing the real danger since what appears innocuous is really not at all what it seems to be, think about this and listen for the answer from within.

Becoming a pope called coronation or consecration....INSTALLATION IS FOR PLUMBING!

Is this the guy from those 6 flags commercials?

He will head the one world religion.

The "Catholic" Church became the first Protestant Church when the papal bull of "excommunication" was thrust on the altar of St. Sophia's in Constantinople. The "Catholic" Church needs to come around and adopt Eastern Orthodox views - ordaining married men, conception (not birth) control, rejection of the immaculate conception of Mary, papal infallibility, etc. The "Catholic" Church needs to go back to its roots, the Church of 33A.D.

A Brit was soap boxing here in a Florida Flea market Sunday that everyone should buy American made and Brit made products only. That xenophobic talk works for the English because they are on a tiny island but America in on a huge Continent and it takes the world's good to feed are unquenchable appetite of goods coming in from all over the world to pack our economy. Point being that buying Brit only works for tiny minds.What kind of party can we expect from the new Francis?Pope Leo X  had exotic tastes. Famed for his extravagant lifestyle, he was entertained by young boys leaping naked from cakes. When the new Pope entered the city in triumph for investiture, he had a young boy painted gold, from head to toe, who paraded naked through the streets.The boy died shortly afterwards, poisoned by the gold paint on his skin but the papal celebrations went on for days

There is only one God...he/she is interpreted in many ways...

The Catholic Church feeds, shelters, clothes, educates in their universities,high schools, and grade schools, helps the sick in their many hospitals more than any other organization in the WORLD.

He has begun to unite all the false religions to bring about ONE WORLD RELIGION under Rome.The religious wars will soon end as they begin to unite under the ultimate leader.The end of time is upon us.

fascinating to hear these "divorce and reconciliation" stories sprawled over 1,000 years!

how awesome is it that we get to live through the monumental developments between these two churches. how sad is it that most people won't even notice.

I wish Pope long live and the wisdom, knowledge and understanding in Jesus' name.Pastor Odimayo O. E.

INACCURACY: The Catholic and Orthodox Churches are not "estranged on ... married clergy." This is a mere usage (like eating fish on Friday), not a doctrine, as both churches agree. The author should study his subject to achieve more accuracy.

Now if only Tammy Faye Baker and Pat Robertson would attend.  Pat couldn't make it because he too busy telling people on TV that God needs money and send it to me.

1054 AD was a long time ago.  Approx. 31 generations @ 30yrs of age of 1st born.  It is significant, but how much? and when?.  Sadly, I'm not likely to know until I'm long gone from this planet. Press on with your convictions, but be open to the other options (you were given a magnificent organ (brain).  In the very end, I suspect your convictions will receive their due justice.  I hope everyone is "right", but I know this is not possible.Have a Nice Day!You are all blind!!!!! Open your eyess!!!!

I think the Catholic church needs to look very hard at the idea of allowing its clery to marry.  Priests were allowed to marry at one time, centuries ago, so it's not like they are keeping with some Christian custom that had been around since the apostles.

Has anyone noticed how much Pope Frances looks like Pius XII?

One world Government - One world Religion (I wonder where I've heard that before). The end is near...

How about that,  a Pope from the Appalachian Trail

Its all smoke and mirrors!

You Atheists need to go over to FOX NEWS, and Read an article fromJohnnie Moore,  explaining how Atheism is so fundamentally SIMPLE,and How the Atheiest Only believes in themself-----Atheists are MoreProne to Typing "GOD", than Theists are.

was communion served between the 2 sides of the aisle without the byzantines presiding...

I think maybe there is only one God---different names...stooooooopid people.

I think all believers of God (all organized religions) need to unit as we are living in a increasing and growing secular world of non-believers who want to impose their beliefs (not believing in a God) on us and prevent/suppress our right to practice our faith.Dont hold you breath.. Orthodox and Catholics have some real divisions when it comes to the virgin Mary and the infallability of the peope just to name a few. At least this shows mutual respect to one another as a different sect. We dont go out and kill others... Im just sayin'

An exerpt from the Jesuit oath:"I furthermore promise and declare that I will,when opportunity present, make and wage relentless war,secret or openly, against all heretics, Protestants and Liberals, as I am directed to do, to extirpate and exterminate them from the face of the whole earth; and that I will spare neither age, sex or condition; and that I. will hang, waste, boil, flay, strangle and bury alive these infamous heretics, rip up the stomachs and wombs of their women and crush their infants' heads against the walls, in order to annihilate forever their execrable race. That when the same cannot be done openly, I will secretly use the poisoned cup, the strangulating cord, the steel of the poniard or the leaden bullet, regardless of the honor, rank, dignity, or authority of the person or persons, whatever may be their condition in life, either public or private, as I at any time may be directed so to do by any agent of the Pope or Superior of the Brotherhood of the Holy Faith, of the Society of Jesus."

Nothing wrong with unity, but JC and the Word are paramount. Small, man-made divisions and governments just get in the way and are unnecesary, sometimes, as with the Inquisition, totally counter productive...

This pope has been doing a horrible job.  He will shortly mess up Easter.  Is there any way we can impeach him or have a recall?

Just before He was betrayed, The Lord Jesus Christ, Himself, prayed for His Church / Body of Believers - for whom He Suffered, Died and Resurrected - to be ONE , Just as the Holy Trinity Is. Praise Jesus+ Glory to Almighty God, the Father Son and the Holy Spirit+ How wonderful to see the signs.

Are they going to meat in the street at high noon, and fight it out?

The black pope was Nappier.

Oh ,I'm sure he's going to do a lot to have more followers.

What a breath of fresh air from the world as it is today.  Hopefully, it is a start.  God Bless them both and everyone attending.  May we one day find the dream that could bring us all together.

The History is crazy!Why did Catholic Christians split!Is it about time to fix past errors?Comments?That's NOT the first time Orthodox hiearchy was at  the Vatican instulation.  Pope John'shad a beautiful Eastern choir at his.

All Abrahamic religions are evil. Not enough lions for them.

As an atheist and fomer Orthodox Christian, it's refreshing to see the Orthodox church accept a pope that believes in compassion for the poor.  Now, maybe the evangelical Protestants will stop building tax exempt mega-churches and/or stop claiming that the United States is a Christian nation.  That would be a miracle of Biblical proportions, too.

the vatican is the most corrupt place on earth.

Jesus started a Church and he gave his Church leaders and authority.Jesus said that if we reject those he sent we are rejecting him.

Anyone who claims to speak to god knows they are lying.Religion is one of the great scourges of humanity.

This is all very interesting.  But, there you see, it is really a power struggle, as it always has been.  It's about who will get to claim which territory and potential souls.  This could be compared to the difference between Sunni and Shi'ite.  They stem from the same original belief, but disputed the elevation of a certain character.  For all their differences, all of these find common ground when they find a common threat.

people have to cling to their superstitions because if they don't they have to face the painful possibility that they've wasted their lives worshipping a false idol who doesn't even respond.Whether your imaginary sky superherofriend is real or not, either way its obvious he's just not that into you.Side note: it was god's will that I write this. he told me to. he also said if you give me thumbs up you get 72 virgins. you can't prove this isn't true &lt;== Biblethumperlogic

People, give up the hocus pocus. It's all primitive superstition. And it's 2013. Enough bowing and scraping to imaginary gods, Christian, Jewish, Muslim or otherwise.

There is no God, only people who need coping mechanisms.Popes, Patriacrchs, Princes and Presidents - come and go. God was before, now and will be.

God Bless the POPE! He needs our prayers he is up against the evils of all evils the GODSwho rule the nations. What blessings there would be if the church returned to its original orginwhat Jesus taught and how Jesus walked amongst the people. Humilty and forgiveness and mercy.Many wonder if he will gather the bishops and priests and pray the prayers for the conversionof Russia, our Lady asked this to be done in the sixties. will he reveil the 3rd secret soon.

This is a huge issue to think that a Pope is a patriarch...in that most americans nor people around the world belive because that establishes a core of power, abuser and victim...and the recourse to you can't do anything. Come to america we believe in matriside and patricide....especially with abuse of a parent.  He is a pope and a guide. Otherwise, he is a mortal human being with as much bad advice and good advice and he can generate...but most choose to do well and swell instead of swail and sqwuail...what that does entertain too.

How come the flock is allowed to believe its best-selling fiction series is real but when I manage to convince people I think wrestling is real:1. they look at me like I'm so stupid I could be the pope of idiots - even though that honor goes to Francis - and2. they proceed to tell me its the most obvious thing in the world that wrestling is fake. Well I'm sorry but that honor goes to a best-selling fiction series.

The Catholic church could best be compared to the Scribes and Pharisees of Christ's time. Full of long prayers and traditions of men, ravening wolves in sheep's clothing. The largest non christian organization in the world and the one that will be responsible for sending more people to hell than any other.

Down with religion.

Religion is an insult to human dignity. With or without it, you'd have good people doing good things and evil people doing bad things, but for good people to do bad things, it takes religion. We have just enough religion in this world to make us hate,but not enough  to make us love on another.

It's a miracle! Two alchemists together again! Superstition lives on!

Orthodox over Catholicism, any day of the week.But then again, it is still a Jew.Jesus wrote, "I came not to bring death, but to grant life eternal."The Jew is death, as Andromeda ( Andrew or And, being its base, is from were Jew was transposed). is set to end the world. If a meteor does not do so, beforehand. Well, or man?So, having said that, I am not sure how great the Jew is either?Andhra Pradesh?Tamil Nada?

this kind of gesture of two different sides of beliefs should be followed by other spiritual leaders and especially political leaders as well; and peace on earth will soon follow...What,Allah got no invite?

Yahoo forgot to mention in their historical timeline of the Orthodox Church and the Vatican, that on the 25th of September 2001, the John Paul II arrived at the airport of Yerevan for his visit to Armenia for the 1700 anniversary of the acceptance of Christianity. He was greeted by the President and the  Supreme Patriarch and Catholicos, Karekin II.

~~It will tarnish the event when some clerical spokesman gets up at the pulpit (as happens often enough) and reminds everyone that they must be of the Western Catholic persuasion for a sacramental reception.  Ah, west meets east, but not to "take and eat... and do this in remembrance of me."

I hope that both the Catholic and the Orthodox Churches will move towards unity and that full communion between the two will be established.

Always remember what the Bible says THE VERY ELECT WILL BE DECEIVED!! By the way I am Pentecostal and married to a minister but FIRST AND FOR MOST I AM A CHRISTIAN!!! May God Have Mercy On Us All!!!

We are seeing right before our very eyes, the rise to power of the ONE WORLD RELIGIOUS leader.Look out!!! the ONE WORLD POLITICAL leader is just behind. Wake up genuine christians get ready to leave Jesus will soon appear to take his own away.

Peter the roman..even the elect will be deceived!!!! Open your blind eyes!!! Sheeple!!! He is the false prophet!!!!!!!!!!

Politicans don't unite.

I pray that the Eastern Rite Churches will come back home to the Holy Mother Church - the Roman Catholic Church-the Universal Church of Jesus Christ.

Assefa"Bartholomew I, the spiritual leader of the world's Orthodox Christians....."  that is a misleading statment.The Orthodox Churches donot have a collective head, spritual and/or otherwise.Each church, The Greeks, The Ethiopians, The Egytians,Armenians, Syrinas , Palastinians  --have thierown Patriarc and he is the head,Borthlomy is the head of the Turkish churchOf course he is for inter-faith. He is a JESUIT!!!!!!!!! I am a fallen Catholic, who is now Unitarian. But, if I have any belief in "The Church", it is because of Jesuits, formed as an order by a mercenary soldier with a broken leg, who decided/became aware, that the true Christian message was to educate every human, regardless of race, creed, or color. Educate first to think, then to the Christian belief. But, first and foremost-To THINK! To learn.Go Francis!

Yawn.....yawn.....yawn!

I can hear it now...bless you, no bless you, no bless you, no bless you, etc..then back to separation. anyways...bless you!

good luck to the new pope

I wish that someday, all the churches in the world come together and start working for the common good, without enslaving dogmas and practices, spreading the truth rather than falsehoods, fantasies and unreality.

what a gang of royal back scratchers.they should take their wealth and translate it to helping the world in real time and real ways. All of this pomp and circumstance just seems so far removed from Jesus of Gallilee wandering about preaching the gospel and showing love in action.The world hates a prophet,because the prophets tell you the truth and demand righteousness and the mob throws  stones .These monkeys parading about in their fine robes and crowns and chanting their wizard speak in greek and latin to mesmerise the people this is what the people want a great and secret show.

They need a winner take all cage match.

It would be UBER awesome if  his Holiness BARTHOLOMEW could concelebrate the Mass with his Holiness FRANCISThe Eastern Church needs to come to the Western Church where she belongs

who gives a s&amp;%*t

They didn't get a chance to change his bed sheets and he is already starting to unify the church. Andiamo pope francis!!!  bravo!!!Ju den anti-pope speaks. Says same thing pagan atheist say !

Finally, yahoo is reporting this about the EP, It was "only" announced, lets see, early last week? Great way of staying on top of the various major news regarding other religious leaders!  P=  Lets see how long it takes these yahoose to report about other religious leaders who will be attending- I'd do it now- but yahoo isn't paying me to do the new for their site,

Argentine priests offered communion and support to the perpetrators of these crimes, even after the execution of two bishops, including Enrique Angelelli, and other priests. One priest, Father Christian von Wernich, used to be a former police chaplain later sentenced to life in prison for involvement in seven murders, 42 kidnappings and 31 cases of torture during the 'Dirty War.' At his trial, witnesses testified how the priest used his position to gain their trust before passing information to police, who tortured victims-- sometimes in von Wernich's presence-- and sometimes killed them.Senior military commanders who justified the regime's practice of dumping drugged and tortured 'Dirty War' prisoners into the ocean from airplanes, known as 'death flights,' told participants that the Catholic Church sanctioned the missions as "a Christian form of death.""We have much to be sorry for," Father Ruben Captianio admitted to the New York Times in 2007. "The attitude of the [Catholic] Church was scandalously close to the dictatorship to such an extent that I would say it was of a sinful degree."What role did Argentine Jorge Bergoglio (now Pope Francis) have in all of this?A 1995 lawsuit filed by a human rights lawyer states that Bergoglio, who led the Jesuit community by the time the military junta seized power in 1976, was involved in the kidnapping of two of his fellow Jesuit priests, Orlando Yorio and Francisco Jalics, who were tortured by navy personnel before being dumped in a field, drugged and semi-naked, five months later.

maybe the roman church is going to repent from idolworship and celebacy, and will ask to be readmitted to the orthodox church?

Is Harry Potter going to ride in on a gold plated unicorn followed by a puff of magical diamond smoke?

How much more of this #$%$ do we have to listen to?,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,

has the roman church begun to back off infallability of the pope...? stay tuned

Now we will have the extremely blind leading the extremely blind. I wonder when we will put away the childish world of invisible men, and ghosts who can rape woman leaving them pregnant and then leaving the mother and child to fend for them selves. Lets let our beliefs go and see what we are like as a free human, &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; being human. Belief/religion blocks intelligence leaving only a follower.

I believe it goes like this:  Priests are ordained. Bishops are consecrated and then installed.  Popes are crowned.

Is Harry Potter going to ride in on a gold plated unicorn followed by a puff of magical diamond smoke?michael warren, please send me the original story by suzan fraser. do not include the one with your name included with the new article.  .

repent from worshipping the queen of the heavens, and other dead saints and trinkits,     get merried,  elders have to be husbands of one wife...   and send childrapists to jail... and we might come too

How big your religion is and how respected it is in the world have no contribution to the salvation of your soul.only your personal belief in the Lord Jesus matters.

tax church

Dios bendiga al nuevo obispo y papa de la iglesia catolica romana y espero la unidad con la iglesia catolica anglicana de colombia y venezuela

Members of the military junta on trial name the now Pope as complicit in the torture and murder of 30,000 people.

Wishing you Pope Fransis the best of Lucy!

Don't go Bartholomew, it's a trap, Francis wants to swipe your people. He's planning the same thing to Baptists and Methodists. Run.Anyone watch that new series Vikings? Good show. Thor was really Thor at everyone.

the end is near and proof like this appears everydayGet your tin foil hats blame Obamaand praise Trump! yee haw!

BREAKING NEWS: Pope drinks a glass of water.Roman Catholic walked in the Church and asked priest to bury his dog...priest told him:"we don't bury animals", but the faithful answered "I'll give you 500$'...priest replied "Sorry I can't"... but the guy wouldn't budge..."I'll give you 1000$...priest again sad "This is not possible, sorry...parishioner couldn't accept no for an answer, and all exited shouted "I'll give you 5000$...please help me, I need my beloved pet buried...priest looked him, and with happy voice whispered..."Why didn't you tell me that your dog was Roman Catholic!!!

Don't you think this Pope looks like an old Peter Sellars.  Now I know there is hope for the Catholic church!

I worship the church of government and Obama is my messiah.

Religion (Bible) has killed more people than any other one thing in history and is still killing people today. Why do we as Educated Humans still follow such a Primitive system. To be a true follower of the Bible you have to truly believe that we all came from Adam and Eve. Is this not Insest? maybe thats why they left Insest out of the ten commandment's? And if Adam and Eve were white how do we Explain Blacks,Mexicans,Eskimos,Asains,ect? The Bible Aslo predicts that the Earth is only 6 to 10 thousand years old. Wich we all know not tobe ture.

Imprison all catholic priests, nuns and administrators. Pedophiles and pedophile protectors, plain and simple.

The Antichrist has risen!

Free the children from the dungeons!!!

If you believe in an "island" in the sky with a dude sitting on a throne.....sitting on a Throne? You are totally insecure.

Hang the pope...He's a criminal and a pedophile

Vatican funded all 3 ReichsF the pope and his stupid hatlast week Jews and muslims,  we are seeing prophecy being fulfilled before our eyes.The Protestants [Adventists] of the United States will be foremostin stretching their hands across the gulf. . . to clasp hands withthe Roman power;. . . this country will follow in the stepsof Rome in trampling on the rights of conscience.Last Day Events, page 144.

Ohh man, let me see the American Simonist Evangelical Pastors write books and make mega millions about it!!!!  This new Pope is the new money-making US Evangelical pro-apocalyptic writers!!!  Let the shameful human money-makers write their post-apocalyptic books.  Let them Evangelical Pastors make millions about this new Pope!!!

Muslims and Buddhists and Jains...oh my!

"And then shall that Wicked be revealed, whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with the brightness of his coming:Even him, whose coming is after the working of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders,And with all deceivableness of unrighteousness in them that perish; because they received not the love of the truth, that they might be saved.",,,,2Thesolonians 2:10

I Hope this will help 1600 years of separation, between this brother's Church..... and bring a reconciliation between brothers.

At least he wasn't one of the black ones!

The second any of these beanie wearing clowns acknowledge Islam, I'll call it done.

The newspaper La Jornada, in their web edition, points out that, in May of 2011, the new Argentine pope, Jorge Bergoglio, was summoned to testify as a witness in the case that accuses the people responsible for the systematic appropriation of minors, children of the people who disappeared during the past military dictatorship (1976-1983).During that year, Bergoglio, declared in the case the prosecutes those responsible for crimes against humanity committed in the Armed Forces Mechanical School (Escuela de Mecánica de la Armada - ESMA) and in the case of one surviving priest who accused Bergoglio of being an accomplice to ex-dictators Jorge Rafael Videla and Reynaldo Benito Bignone, and for failing to prevent his kidnapping and torture.

I don't understand all this religious institutions having lots of money and not sharing with poor people. (i mean all religions)

..."the first time a patriarch from the Istanbul-based church is attending a papal investiture since the two branches of Christianity split nearly 1,000 years ago."...all the world wonders after the beast!The lord god is longsuffering----he is knocking on  the door of your heart- are u going to let him in- the spirit is willing but the flesh is weak.....walk in the spirit---if u live hard for god ...its easy........if u live wishy washy for god, its hard..........the flesh gets in the way....walk in the spirit

Religions have caused more deaths over the Centuries than all political Wars combined. Not exactly what Jesus had in mind huh?

be not yoked with unbelievers- how plain is that- John the Baptist said HE (JESUS) MUST INCREASE, I MUST DECREASE- how plain is that,  when the magis or kings were looking for baby jesus and found Mary and the YOUNG CHILD IN THE HOUSE, they fell down and worshipped HIM........how plain is that- HE AND HE ALONE IS WORTH OF ALL HONOUR AND ALL PRAISE-        JESUS

so its not even about being catholic anymore its about who's willing to listen to you

he looks more creepy than holy man

he is no catholic poop ,he is just another jew in disguise

I see deman in his eyes

he looks like a chosen parasite