I worked as a professor for over 20 years. Every time we were faced with a budget crisis, the administration opted to pass the costs on to the students in the form of tuition hikes. Most the universities I worked at, were top heavy, way too much administration, lots of people on the payroll who were not teaching at all, just pushing paper. I believe state universities should be forced to cut 30% of their administrative staffs, everything from assistants to the vice president of student affairs, to the bloated offices of the provost, etc. The cost for a B.A. degree nowadays is absurd and is not caused by professors' salaries.

If colleges were truly concerned about the amount of student loan debt taken on by their students, then the colleges would do something to reduce the cost of attendance.

I have been to the college restaurant a couple of times while visiting Branson.  The place is top notch.  The students working there are extremely polite and the food is plentiful and very good.  I took a little drive through the campus and was impressed with how clean it is.  It's small but well maintained.  Some rather famous names, past and presnet, are associated with the college.  Everyone of the students I talked with were elated knowing they will graduate debt free while learning a good work ethic at the same time.  They will miss out on all of the wild college parties and elaborate Spring Break vacations but they gladly trade them for not being in slavery to debt.  Over all I was impressed with the institution.

College is NOT for everyone but everyone thinks they have to go to college. How many end up using college as a reason to get away from mommy and daddy and have a big party. After 4 years they are still the imbiciles they were when they came in but leave with a massive debt.

Hillsdale College hasn't been taking government money for years.  Big deal.  It also frees the college from the bondage of federal government control.

"All students work on campus, and they do not pay tuition" why would their students need loans?  If all schools did this there would be no student debt crisis.  Instead, a college education when adjusted for inflation now costs 4x's as much as it did in the 70's and is worth half as much in life time earnings.  More schools should care about their students.

the world needs carpenters,plumbers and bricklayers too

My nephew just went to college.  When he got there, they had some miscommunication with his HS over a scholarship that made him 400 short a semester.  Hed have to go through some appeal process.  But instead they pitched him a fat loan for 5 times that, and convinced him it was easier and it would give him money for living expenses (which he doesnt need, he gets dorm and food and parents gave him othe rlittle things till he finds WORK).  So now hes going into debt for no real reason, and is a lot less concerned with finding work etc.  They tried to push loans on me too, but i fought them tooth and nail.

How is it working out?

I joined the Navy and earned my G.I. Bill. Before you naysayers go into a rant that the money is free, when I joined in 1999 they still required military personnel to pay into it. I am saving for grad school right now because I see no need in taking out loans for a master's degree and pay loans until I am in my 60's. That's not for me and kids coming out of high school these days need incentive to work for what they want, college or not.Forcing the students to actually work instead of partying. That's actually a great idea. To bad more schools don't adopt this policy. Why pay for chefs, maids and gardeners when the students do it in exchange for tuition.BTW this campus is gorgeous. We went on a tour while in Branson a few years ago. And the students were happy

Watch obama take interest  and screw every thing up for the college and its students.

A college looking out for the students interests now that's a first.

great idea!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

This is yet another of those Law of Unintended Consequences.  Some years ago, our munificent government saw that if they insured more student loans and increased the existing loan amounts, this would allow many to attend college who would not otherwise be able to.  Sadly, at around the same time, they completely deregulated tuition and fees at many publicly supported universities and colleges, so tuition and fees have skyrocketed over the last twenty years or so, and people are now graduating with truly staggering student loan obligations.  This is only compounded by the fact that our economy is still in the dumpster and, regardless of how the government gerrymanders the numbers, a whopping 25 million Americans are still either unemployed or underemployed.  To say that the job market for new graduates is a little dismal is a gross understatement.  Welcome to Unintended Consequences.

If I had a teen who's in his or her last year of high school, I'd encourage him or her to consider going to a career or tech school. Then explain my own personal story about wanting to go to a tech school (fashion design) but wasn't able to, but could get a useless liberal arts degree at a regular college.

There are cheaper options than going to uni in America.  Check out universities in Europe.  My stepdaughter is going to uni in Europe with 100% of lectures in English for a reasonable $5k per year tuition. Even unis in Canada are less expensive than equivalent American unis.

coming to a neighborhood near you...soon

The type of people who go to this school are a different breed to begin with.  It won't effect the school much.  Other schools it would.

My son graduates next year. Our deal was for him to pay the first year and I would pay for the next three. I wouldn't let him borrow money and I didn't. He will graduate owing zero. and will be better off for it.Key word is private, not government.  So they may do as they wish.

I wish My grand-kids could go to that school . Working their way through would be as good for them as the academic portion of their education.

Wow, what's this, a college that cares about the students and not padding their pockets???

Oh please kids and parents have been going into debt to go to collage beforethe "great recession". The only way to curtail this debt is to have kids go to trade schools.

The "Show Me" state is now the "Show me the Money" state.

Cut funding for student loans and the inflated price will go down. Us this college as an example of how you can graduate without debt. Over priced colleges mounting a young person in debt puts a burden on them for their entire life to keep them into a cycle of debt.

So many of the younger and their parents have become so mislead and outright stupid they feel it's ok to leave with a basic degree and 30-80k in debt..How dumb is that?/real dumb!You start your life in debt all for a basic degree. This college is doing the right thing.

University is ridiculously expensive anyway BECAUSE of the loan system.  They make you take a hugely bloated curriculum you don't need for any career just so they can get your money, because you have to 'pay your dues' to get the degree.  They have a bunch of mandatory fees, lectures and events that aren't even necessary or give credit.   They spend millions on spas and #$%$ to attract more students (with loan money) and raise tuition to cover it. They have zero incentive to lower costs for the student because they just have to find the money for it through 'financial aid', which translates to subsidized loans.

If we stopped funding the education of illegals in elementart through high school and now in colleges with the Dream Act, then they could probably make college affordable

Just why we need more tax breaks for the ultra rich - NOT  !If we stopped making student loans available university presidents and administration staffs across the country would #$%$ their pants. They know that student loans are easy money and that's why the cost of education is screaming upwards. Same with medical care. Billions and billions going to medicare and medicaid means easy money for hospitals and doctors. If the gov't stopped funding medicare and medicaid costs would miraculously drop to realistic levels. No more $20,000/day hospital stays or $150 a pill tylenol!

Private colleges, and schools, have every right to set their own standard of payment. I am all for schools and colleges that do not accept any federal funding. ( and students that are not tied to federal student loans)

Kudos to them!  Finally someone who knows debt is not the way to start your life.

I think students who work their way through school make better more mature employees. I did it and two sons did it, no student debt.

Very interesting, a college that doesn't "charge tuition" but makes the students work for the college to "pay" for classes.  Can kids that can afford the tuition (from parents or saving enough through the Summer) without working during the school year attend this college?  If so, does this policy disriminate against the non-wealthy?  Assuming a kid from a wealthy family doesn't need loans but a kid from a poor family may, this policy seems to push out the kids that need more financial assistance unless they work for the college instead.  Student indentured servents comes to mind.  However, I like the idea of teaching the value of hard work.  Very interesting.

This is why I advise my daughter from taking out any student loans for a 4-year university.  I would hate to see her starting in the world and already be $30000 in debt.

Awesome school.

Same with Berea College in Berea, KY.  An incredible deal, and it teaches the dignity of labor.

Nice move by this school.  Not surprised about it being a Christian school as well ~ a work ethic has been instilled in these students by both their parents &amp; their religious affiliation.

This is such a good idea.THIS COLLEGE is awesome!!!  Sallie Mae screwed me over, thank GOD this college does not play with them!!!

One approach is community college for two years, live at home and work.  Then transfer to a state school for last two years and get degree.  Much cheaper, same degree.

Who is beating down the door to attend this place?

Nice way to exclude those poor slobs who have hopes of getting a higher education, catering to the rich.

Timbuck2,You are correct, college isn't for everyone. Those that can't afford college can always join the armed services, so they can protect the rights of the wealthy, seeing as they have no rights of their own.Wait a minute, didn't some rightwing hack just say we need more plumbers? Good thing trade school is free. Er, wait, that's not true. Ditch diggers anyone? We need those too, but the companies that need ditch diggers, will only pay them a few cents on the dollar. Great deal, I'd say.

Iowa State, when it was started over 100 years ago, didn't allow loans either.  All students were REQUIRED to work on campus.  Also, the jobs paid women as much as men.

The reason that colleges have to charge such high tuitions is to pay for their football programs and their coaches multimillion dollar salary.  They put their students in debt so they can afford to spend millions on football programs that have never and will never pay one penny in returns.  In fact, the sports programs at most colleges are the main reason that the college is broke and the kids graduate illiterate.

Sounds like a school with a good policy that is concerned with the welfare of their students financial concerns.  Wish there were more colleges like this one.

Absolute wonderful responsibility put forth by this university.   They deserve a tax credit !

I graduated in '05.  Its a great program.  15 hours a week working pays all tuition and 40 hours a week during the summer pays all room and board costs.  I got a bachelor's in education with zero debt and haven't regretted a minute.Maybe lower the cost of admission to offset the huge debt..College should be affordable to everyone..

We are sending 70% of our HS grads to college now.  It was 10% 50 years ago.  Its not like 50 years of evolution (2 generations) has improved the average American brain.  Most 4 year college degrees take kids 7 years to attain today.  We have been systematically dumbing down the curriculum to get more students into higher education and keeping students in longer.  That is good for the schools and the salaries of teachers, not so good for the students or society, which are spending more and more with no return on that investment of time and money.  The whole system K-graduate eduation needs drastic, revolutionary change.  Not even a God can prescribe what that change has to look like, like everything we do in private life, it has to evolve by trial and error under the pressure of competition.  Make the public schools pay for themselves (i.e., for-profit) and give the money currently going to run them to the prospective students on a merit basis to spend in their school of choice, and expenses will go down and quality will go up as all schools will have to compete or die trying.

I looked into it for my son.  I'd still have to pay over $5,000 per semester for him to go there, which I cannot afford.

My Pastor's kid goes to that school.

This article is very misleading. The headline vilified the school when in reality, the school is letting the students pay tuition by working.

centers of learning should be just that, not palaces.

Here is what is really pathetic about the state of affairs in this nation.  In the city I reside in there was a job opening for someone to work at an auto parts counter.  Now get this.  The applicants had to have a minimum 2 year B.S. degree.  The job paid about $12 an hour.Now then why should anyone attend college and rack up tens of thousands of dollars in student loans for a $12 an hour job?Do you know how much a UPS parcel driver earns?... try for a minimum $21 per hour and they get paid premium pay (what you folks know as time and a half".  The only reason FedEx employed drivers make the same as UPS is because FedEx promises to match the Teamsters Union contracts that UPS employees get so long as the FedEx employees do not vote "Union Yes".Oh and back in 1990 I came down to North Carolina s a consultant to help a company start a direct mail order division.  I was 34 years old.  The owner of the firm wanted me to work for his company and asked how much my salary requirement was.  I took out the D.M. (Direct Marketing) Salary Guide and when the business owner saw $52,000 he said: "That's a lot of money for down here".  I replied: "Neither my age nor where your firm is located have anything to do with what I get paid.  This guide goes by number of years of experience and does state you should ask for 10% more if you reside in Alaska, California or Hawaii."I was also an Assembler language and GROUP1 software language programmer.  I did not go to college.  I did attend the Grumman Data Systems Institute for six months in 1980.There are very good paying jobs in the industrial sector and you can get the training and degrees needed from your local community college.  Some community college programs even have manufacturers who assist in hiring students after they graduate.  So when you consider that the salary you will get for your four year degree will not allow you to pay off your college costs I'd say look at more affordable education and career choices.

If you're taking out loans to go to a school like College of the Ozarks, then perhaps you should reevaluate your decision making capabilities.

I was thinking about heading back to school, got accepted but once I saw the $34,000 a year  bill changed my mind.

Before all you everyone is equal socialist jump, read carefully "private university"!Free hint of the day: read the article before making moronic comments... :)

The problem is once the government got involved in the loan business, the cost of college went up. It is the same effect insurance has had on medical care. The market can only handle what the consumer can handle. When you have loans and such, it creates artificial sources of wealth for people that normally could not generate such wealth. Now I understand the concern that poor young people might not be able to attend college due to the costs in any situation, that is where a program that would allow students to work there way through universities they want to attend needs to be explored. I was able to work and pay for public college in the 80s because the costs were seemingly high then but work was plentiful for people my age and costs compared to today were far less. It is not an easy time to be a young person for sure.

Her comes the ugly side of years of greed.

The 'Harvard' of the midwest.

I don't get it,  it sounds like the college already doesn't have students take out loans.

I know this is the college we have been planning on for our grandson.

So they didn't have a problem but they decided to fix it anyway.Exactly how much does it cost to go to a school that doesn't charge tuition, in the Ozarks?

"We are basically just trying to look out for the students' interests," Davis said. "Kids nowadays are not very sophisticated with money. Debt is a big problem all over the country."Show me "kids" that are sophisticated with money. At some point in every "kids" life they are stupid handling money. We have all been there. I think this statement is really an insult to parenting.I don't know how we, in this country, became so full of debt issues, but I do know the days of "I want it now" ended with the crash and it ended because financial institutions that found us all "plastic" worthy brought the curtain down on us being credit worthy, even those of us that really were credit worthy. We now possess "plastic" from financial loan sharks we basically just want to pay off and get rid of and they've made it hard to add extra on a balance because of there loan sharking interest rates. Our "kids" never went without because of "plastic", we sent them off to college with a piece of "plastic" for school needs/emergencies. It was the American way of life. AND, the American way of life was to have our kids get a college education and the student loans were always available. I agree with the person here that said that these schools need to lower the cost of a college education, they need to find a way. I have always believed that the cost, pork barrel, of college was unjustified. I think what this school is doing has very good points, but I don't think it is there business how people get the money to go to there school if money is necessary to go there. I don't know what the answer is to allow our college age young adults get college educated concerning the cost, but I do know that our young adults that want to get college educated do use every financial resource out there including loans. The debt is never going to stop for them.

The reason school tuition has gone so high is because off easy money that is loaned. If so much money wasn't available the tuition would go way down.

Great idea!  Kids don't know what they're getting into with this level of debt and often default (leaving their parents holding the bag, to the detriment of their own retirements).  Kids can work their way through college and attend community college for the first few years to get less pricey credits, then transfer to a 4 year if they want to.  Focus should be on majoring in something for which there's a demand and that will earn you a decent living.  Underwater Basketweaving doesn't cut it.Wow! You mean there is a school out there that makes a young person take responsibility for their decisions and accomplish what they want to accomplish through hard work instead of living above their means? Go figure! Who would have thought that all it takes is work to stay out of debt? LOL.....this school has the right idea! Colleges are the biggest money drainers around. My hat goes OFF to a school that cares enough about their students to stop them from drowning in debt! I love it, love it, love it!

My parents have doctorates and they graduated with zero loans.Then the banks got into the student loan business.

Well done. bravo, finally some sense.

This a liberal arts school too?  What sort of jobs do these "graduates" get when they leave?

So if they do this, they don't have to abide by Title IX right?

Too many folks really do not read to the point of understanding before commenting.

education loans should have more realistic interest rates. 8% rates for graduate loans? absolutely ridiculous when you can get a mortage for less than 4%!

Education has become big business in America and it attracts the good and the bad. We need to take the profit element out of higher education instead of feeding the unscrupulous.

This is a school that will train ministers, choir leaders and home schooling experts.  Thoseare not big moneymakers and students will be hard pressed to pay loans back.  They mightbe doing them a favor.

Lots of comments about evil Christian schools, this story is about a school worrying about it's students after they graduate.  They aren't forcing students into anything, I wish my grandson's school helped by letting him work on campus.I worked 40 hours a week while going 4 years and graduated. I can see why a person would take a loan and have some spare time. The only negative is if you flunk out, you still owe.

Take the government out of the equation and the costs at all colleges will go down. Take the government out of all healthcare and the costs will go down. Take the government out of food - watch the cost go down. Everything the government gets their finger in makes the costs go up.

Right on College of the Ozarks, stop this incredible path of indebiting students to debt that will take them 20 yrs to pay off.  This is one of many Gov't practices that are trying to intentionally bankrupt this country so the gov't can swoop in, pay off their debt and take more and more control.

I love reading the comments.

If you can't afford our product, DON'T ask for it!  Excellent Approach!

cool get what you want the old fashioned way, work and save.  novel idea

How many of the students that are enrolled now will not be enrolled next semester?  Can they afford too loose that much income?

good for missouri colleges.

Instead of forcing them to take classes they don't need to meet some state requirement, how about making them take a personal finance class? You know, something that would actually benefit them.

I am very proud to say that I finished my bachelor's and master's at a state university debt-free by working hard (in 5.5 years and still maintaining an awesome GPA).  No, my parents didn't help financially, but they were supportive of me all the way.  Yes, I have awesome parents!  Now working on a Ph.D., and will still be debt-free!  It can be done, you just have to work hard and not party all the time.why don't kids just save their money and go to community college for the first two years? i would rather take my time and graduate college at 28 with no debt than 22 with lots of debt.

instead of going after students on default loan they should go after the schools that scammed them and made changes as they went interupting what a student had planned..therefore default since scam schools like AIT truck school can aford a lawyer from harvard and students cant.

Colleges need to be more up front with their students.  Here's the degree you will get here.  Here's how much money you will make with this degree, IF you can find a job that requires you to have a degree.  3500 applicants to make a minimum wage job cleaning dog kennels at the pound is typical.  Meanwhile, I sure could use a GOOD mechanic to fix my car--$45 an hour.

Why is it that new grads complain so much that they have $20K in SL debt but want to go out and buy a $20K car right out of school?  And the auto companies go after them big time with "new grad" incentives.

Wrong worldviews always end up producing wrong actions.

This is the epitome of schooling at the college level. I have heard They also have to attend at least 6 Sunday church services in a semester and can't have any tatoos or pierciengs on their body or they are thrown out of college. This is where only the best of the needy students can get an educations and not feel like somebody is just giving them something for free. They work extremely hardfor their education.

Doesn't matter anymore how educated you are considering that godam #$%$ reagan the dumb #$%$ ended our manufacturing with his rancid brained nazi wanna be traitorous war !Unless your major is to be a government butt fk ?

Unless you are an illegal immigrant

"not very sophisticated"...just what lenders are looking for.

I consider universities to be better than colleges.If the school doesn't charge tuition, then what makes them think they have any say in how a student handles their personal finances?  If students are taking loans they do it under their own credit history and score.  This is a Christian school attempting to exert control over every aspect of the students life.

So much for poor students potentially making a better life for themselves.  Nope, they're stuck with menial jobs the rest of their lives if more schools like this.  I could not have gone to college or law school without loans, and would not be where I am today.

I think this is a wonderful idea. Teach those kids some responsibility and the value of working. So many students take out loans and then try to skate their way through, or worse, cheat their way through. Not their dime, why should they care? Their parents are stuck with the loan debt. Make them earn their education. Nothing is free and if you want something, work for it. Good moral lesson. Give them some purpose and accountability in their lives.

Loans should be capped at around $10,000.  Once this happens, tuition will be lowered.  I worked in higher education, at state universities and for profit schools.  Every time the government raises how much students can borrow, credit hours go up...We have the thinking now that everyone is college material which in thought is very admirable, but in reality is not true.  When you make something so accessible with loans, everyone shows up to the party.  Students who don't have basic skills from low economic standing are brought in to take remedial classes for 2 or 3 terms.  How is this paid for? Loans.  After a year or two they drop out.  In many cases no better than then when they came.Our education system needs reforms...even with the youngsters.  We have a tendency of mixing the high achievers with the duds.  It benefits neither...

The first time when I walked in the college, I had not much of ideas about how the tuitions and loan work. It was very easy to get the loan!!! But I had no money sense back then, so I  took out the loan, of course. Now my interest is 5.6%.I should have known better!

Is going to college even worth it anymore? A lot of students should be ashamed for going to colleges they couldn't afford,thus coming out with $40,000+ in debt .On the other hand, I learned that people from the previous generation were declaring bankruptcy when they got out of college so they can avoid paying their loans. Plainly speaking, they screwed the system for this generation.

Minimum wage hardly pays transportation let alone the costs of a 4 year College.   iven the supply of College Graduates, technical School is likelier to get U ahead unless of course if your family is fixed well with an ivy league legacy

Bizzare.  Missouri seems to have gone around the bend.

If it's in Missouri they will take certain amounts of meth as tuition.

Create the ill, then find the cure. Get on your Marx. Get set. Stop. The cart before the horse. Close the barn door after the cow has escaped. Notice that they didn't back away from the federal trough entirely.College has always been a business.Little known private college located in Fairfield, IA, now closed a number of years ago. I'll more waste my time. Research it yourself. Parsons College. I will say this much. Back in the day when a 2-S Selective Service System Classification defered a man from the draft, Parsons, if you had the money, made sure that you stayed in school. Bottom line, having the money, not a federal grant or loan, work study, etc. Money. Green. Bread. Moolah.I always hear people preaching "live within your means." College is not for everyone. It was the great Judge Smails on Caddyshack who said "The world needs ditch diggers too."

As bad as this sounds, I respect this college for doing this, as that is one step in helping the strain on the spending.  If they would just stop the loans to illegals, it would be great.

"Some lawmakers in the U.S. Congress are starting to compare the situation with the early days of the housing crisis and are calling for government action."  This shows the lack of understanding of lawmakers.  This is nothing like the house bubble.  this money isn't tied to any real property.  the only thing that it will effect is the balances on the banks loan sheets.  And god knows they finally need to pay for stupid loan practices.  Here's a good start, NO MORE BAILOUTS!!!

we need to do that with personal loans,  save up for what ever you want.  than go buy it.  My theory is that you have 20 good reasons you need it and 10 good reasons you don't need it.  Try it it works

This is the best thing a college or university could do for its students.  Anymore, if you can't pay cash for college, you can't afford to attend.  Most people will NEVER come out financially by attending college.  Between the cost of tuition, books and expenses and the lost income from not working for 4 - 6 years....

I have a nephew that attended Ohio State then attended at Christian college.The federal government wanted him to pay on his student loans payments 6 months after leaving Ohio State stating even though he is in college the federal government doesn't recognize his attendance at the Christian college a real college.

Thanks NAFTA Billy Clinton, education! It’s are only product in the United States! Kenya dig it

College of the Ozarks you still pay room and board and books - its an awesome college my daughter attends there now and loves it - nothing wrong with working for what you want and get a great education

Debt makes you a slave.America's debt makes America a slave to Commie China.

And then you have students who are looking at college as an opportunity for sex, alcohol and partying! then they graduate with a terrible GPA or can't graduate at all and are mounted with debt. Freshman year is one of the most important years (but sadly some use it as freedom away from parents I'll do whatever I want) Take advantage of those easy freshman classes they'll average out your GPA well in the very end even though your Major GPA matters too.Lower your tuition and they would not have to take out loans

All "higher education" should be free.  "Teachers" at college/university should have to prove proficiency in their field by continuing to work in it, and staying abreast of updates.  Actually, I think we should do away with college/university systems, and revert back to trade schools that actually prepare someone for an actual job in a short time through on-the-job types of training.

If I didn't have to pay tuition, I certainly wouldn't have to take out loans either...Tuition rates are out of control, and not all of it goes to the professors! Most of my professors were making maybe $50,000 after working at the university for many years. As messed up as the higher education system can be, I can't live without it!

Colleges have become nothing but liberal brainwashing tools, run by bald, weed-smoking, ponytailed liberal professors.

Why would anyone want to get an education from these idiots?

Great school, just outside of Branson. They have a student run restaurant and diary. Best homemade ice cream ever.

Oddball school does something that normal schools couldn't afford.

I'm so glad I won't have to take out loans, my folks started saving just after I was born and between that and my freelance modeling gig jobs I should be OK – thank goodness. I would need to come out of college deeply in debt!

This is a great idea.  Big Government has made student loan borrowing too easy.  People never appreciate what is simply given to them.

But, but,but, Obama said.forgive studet loan debt

Now enslave the students that are poor to maintain the grass so the rich students can lay in it and bang their girlfriends.

To many LOW LIFES taking out loans and dropping out of school and NOT paying their debt!  Once again the #$%$ is ruining it for the REST of us HARD WORKING, DETERMINED "GOOD" citizens!

Lol, in other words, if your parents can't pay the tuition with their own money, you don't belong in that crowd.

Well, at least that saves them the expense of a financial aid department.  Best of all they don't have to worry about having funds withheld for not complying with that lbtrd federal garbage.

I guess they won't have to worry about minority students attending.

I bet this college doesn't have useless ethnic studies departments and more administrators than professors.  Kids graduate from this college prepared for life.

There is a big dose of equal opportunity, aint it????

Only the rich will be in school, this sure sounds like a really bad idea, but these schools have been getting way too expensive and no jobs available.

"Kids nowadays are not very sophisticated with money?"  The kind of kids willing to spend four years of their young adulthood at an evangelical Christian school in rural Missouri probably are not very sophisticated, period.Best story I've read in my whole life. Good job. These people should be exhaulted by our grateful nation and given the Nobel Peace Prize for thier insight. I agree so much with them that I find it impossible to believe that some else takes my position on this issue exactly like  I do. I hope the Mayor names the day after the members of this college committee.

Is that their story?!

if you Can't PAY you Can't Play

Pretty soon only very wealthy and very poor students will be able to go to college. Middle-class kids won't be able to: their parents can't afford to send them, and the cost of college is so high, and really good jobs so few, that students themselves simply won't be able to bear the cost themselves--with or without loans, and even if they work every spare moment they have to help pay for it. This has been happening for years, but it's getting worse and worse. Even with me working full time and my (now ex) husband working part time and going to law school part time, we still had to take out loans--although not every year. The "American Dream" is becoming an "American Nightmare" for the middle class.

The curriculum at CoO is severely limited except in the agricultural, physical education and music fields. Even those are limited in comparison to many better schools. I doubt it's difficult to pay your way through this school, if you wanted to matriculate there at all that is.

Cash Only!!!

And the dumb become dumber..........

This is great.  Students should have to work at college to get a real education.  Kids today are mostly lazy ( not all, most) and have no concept of work or money.

Of course they won't accept students with loans because a lot of colleges believe that college should be reserved for the elite. They don't want any peasants mucking up their lily-white, blue-blooded college.

I worked part time during my university days and full time in the summer and still didn't have enough to cover the expenses.  I had in state tuition too.  I have never understood how you could just pay your way while working.Only the Elite will come to that school.Good bye Blacks!

Berea College in KY has the same type of program - have had since the 1800's

Every college student--regardless of where they go to school--should be working part time. I worked part time all through college, then full time while I was in graduate school. I have zero education debt. I tip my hat to an institution of higher learning that is actually trying to teach something valuable and useful to its students.

It's nice the school cares about their students, but how are some of them supposed to pay for college without some amount of assistance? This seems kind of discriminatory to me.

It's not the 4-year universities that are the problem; it's the for-profit schools!

obama's failure coming home to roost

in the true spirit of neocons republicans elite , only the rich deserve education . that and many other goals of the fascist gop corporatist lobbyist lovers would like all America to be ,the rich and the poor ,, that's why their attacks against the middle class and our rights everyday are going on

The federal government should not offer student loans for evangelic Christian schools.

This is ridiculous.  They may say they are "looking out for the kids interests" but all they are really doing by adopting this policy is to ensure that only rich kids get a college education.  I gather this college is supported by the 1%.

I know the Media hates the right GOP but I must say, I heard of the College loan bubble a year ago as the next multi $Trillion dollar Recession. Let's hope both sides can make a statement and let the public in on ALL THE INFORMATION, except what the liberal Democratic Media wants the public to hear. Propaganda? Democratic Media is scaring me with only the left view and nothing about the checks and balances it used to make the news.Good for them!

Only accepting illegal, loans backed by the government.

I know you fruitcake Libs despise stories like this but.....it is amazing that Christian....Evangelical Christian colleges, have more concern, and offer more help than....the feds....Always have always will

College should be part of a life long system.  The joy of life is in the trip not in the destination.  Picking a job based on the salary is like picking your spouse by their shoe size.  Life is only truly enjoyed when you enjoy most every day and don't think each day is a burden to be endured in order to get to your final destination.  I went to college at two different Universities in two different states. I earned three degrees in 11 years with the last degree being a PH.D. in nutrition with a minor in immunology. I got a research postion with a Large University in and worked there 10 years.  I had tenure, had been promoted to Associate Professor, and had a $65K salary with another raise on the horizon.  Way day I realized I had wasted most of the last 21 years, resigned my position and returned home and started working construction. Last year I made less than $20k.  I still regret the 11 years in college. If you don't look forward to each day, finish each day up knowing that you have done your best and accomplished something, then you are not in the right place regardless of your wages or college education.

"Kids nowadays are not very sophisticated with money." Yep, that's 100% correct. It's about time people started acting sane with respect to college loans. Hats off to the college.

something doesnt add up,not ok for students to get loans, but ok for school to get funding through grants, state and federal aid, endowments, etc...???sounds like the school wants all the funding,rather have kids pay for the school themselves than use tax dollars

It's real easy to come out like this when the students tuition is already paid for the most part.What retardo's.

Funny an Oxy-moron Evangelical College! Do students have to attend class or must god interface with students with out instructors!

"an evangical Christian school"  How much could it cost to teach people how to judge other  people?

I have visited the campus and seen the students and looked at the programs for many years, It is a great program and has worked for many people.  It is a work college and yet there are always a few students that prefer to supplement their lifestyles with student loans that aren't needed just for a more lux time on campus.  The school is putting a stopper to this practice and I must say I agree.Good for them!

No problem, go to any college your little heart desires, then go to work for the federal government and We the People will repay your loan for you. The government is SO generous with our tax money.

They need to look at choice of major. Engineering majors are a much safer bet than medieval feminism, or other equally worthless majors.

The college should take the money, regardless from where it comes from.    What if I fund my grand, or great-grand kids to college, will they take my money, it is a debt.    The same kids may be buying a Home, or Car, outside of the college, it is a debt?    Debt is a way of life in the US.

that's ok i'll work my way through college... working in a strip club, private lap dances, and perhaps some prostitution... I can charge a premium too because there's no one else like me doing it.  Nope, no other fat middle aged Euro-Asian men doing that.

The bigger colleges are paying six figures to professors, sometimes 7 figures to the sports managers and administration weenies and people wonder why tuition keeps going up. It amounts to a basic Ponzi scheme to the school employees. Your reward a piece of paper and massive loan debt.............How do u think the economics professors would rate the smarts of the college degree?????

Another move by the Fat Cats to make sure only the wealthy get educated. Even China has free college education for every class of citizen if they have the grades. Of course, China is rising and we are falling.

The college for rich Republicans, now their children don't have to deal with the less desirable's.

key word: $355 million endowment fund. 1400 students, all working at the college, for college owned businesses. for that, tuition, room &amp; board should be free. i'm also going to guess their choice of majors is somewhat limited as well. great deal, if it works for you.

All the University system really is is a businessKevin: Your article does not state it clearly which College in Missouri?  I checked the College of Ozark annual tuition is $17,600.  I am not sure how many hours the students have to work and how much they get paid per hour so that they can cover the annual tuition?  It is possible  that student is not necessary to take loans if the College subsidizes 95% of the tuition or if the College has a lot of endowment built already.  If that is the case, then you can subsidize 95% of the annual tuition.  I was wondering if that is possible at all for these small colleges.  How are they going to pay the faculty and other expenses?  Perhaps, this is another promotion and marketing strategies to increase student enrollments?  Or you just forgot to calculate the number before publishing your article?   Please watch for 2013 Association of American Education Analytic, National Education Forum and Dialog in Boston.

All these last 40 years private colleges have been pushing loans on students and not provided an education specific enough to get jobs for them when they graduate. I think they are just looking for the cash rich to enhance their endowment programs.

A GOP'er's WET DREAM!!  Justin Timberlake brought "sexy back,"  while the GOP is bringing SLAVERY back.  Free labor!  A fat GOPer's wet dream!  Finally, a justifiable reason for the GOP to look for minorities.

If this works out then all colleges should do this.  Taking on debt is not the greatest thing but kids are forced to do it when they want an education and they have little to know choice other wise but to take on this debt I wish this was around when i was in college.

The truth is, if you went to college, you are not going to get lade (yes, I spelled that wrong to circumvent the gobbledygook Yahoo puts in). Why? Well, first of all, college is not a trade school. It is good for the mind, but even accountants and engineers are going unemployed. If you want to learn something that will make you filthy rich, start a business. Or weld some metal.Second of all, women don't like college graduates. Why? Because they're children. 25, 26, 27 or older sometimes. Many of them have entitlement, drinking, and free sex all the time. The women I know want a man who will shoot a burglar or be able to fix the stove when she breaks it.Third, many college graduates lack discipline. Many can beg their parents to cover for their errors. Or think pestering a professor to change a grade will work, or ask for extra credit. Ask the engineers for a mulligan when a building or bridge collapses...I'm sure that will hold up in court real well. Especially when the broke Mexican comes chasing you with a shank outside.The solution? Military service for all, paid with college loans. Trade school minimum two years for any profession, decided by an aptitude test taken with age 18. No test, lose your citizenship. You're going to turn out a generation that will appreciate what they have. Appreciate the flag, their parents, their bosses. Skills in hand. References aplenty. Knowledge to account for that. A total rebuilding of American youth from the ground up. It might be hard, but we need to toughen up all these kids who think Google is a library and an iPhone is an alarm clock.

Hahahahaha!  Can you imagine telling a potential employer that you are a graduate of the College of the Ozarks?  Third grade reading level, I'm sure.

Now they'll be in trouble Obama going to call it racism

And who pays faculty, staff, utility, tax bills - surely not some dumb kid scrubbing pots at 2am with an oral exam on creationism with special reference to Jesus and his pet dinosaurs the next day??

What a great idea!  Maybe it'll catch on at other higher learning institutions and that way only the rich can get an education which is how it should be, eh?

Meaning unless you are independently wealthy or have parents that are you can not go to this schoolOk, this schem won't work anymore since the government regulations and taxes have driven so much industry from the country. I went to a junior college in town paying the bill by working summers in the shops. I then transfered to a big well now state university for the last two years also working summers to pay the bills. Unfortunately all these shops have now ceased operation due to the high cost of competing in the world with our governments help. But we could turn things around with the FariTax and elimination of a bunch of silly government regulations. But the gravy train crowd hates that idea.

This is a good thing , christian evangelical colleges should all be closed , there are enough idiots in the world !!!

Pretty soon only the rich will be able to afford to go to college just what the elites want, school has become so expensive the amount of loans needed for middle class will indebt students often beyond what the degree is worth. Everyone of my siblings has degrees including graduate degrees, I have three degrees including a masters but I am still paying debt even though I now have a kid starting college, I cannot take anymore loans out and seeing my situation my kid refuses to take out loans, so she works awhile saves go to school a term quits, works awhile go to school etc I do not know if she ever will get through school.

Dictators telling people they cannot take advantage of what the government offers.

Just don't go to Missouri

They would have to Pay Me! to go to their School

Only rich kids need apply?

I have 3 college degrees, B.A., M.S., and an M.A.  and never  had a student loan.Of course I went to school back in the days when the fees were not astronomical and coud afford to put myiself through school with part time jobs.

"This a work college, not a debt college." Priceless

I know many people who went to college because there parents wanted them to and got a degree and dont even work in the field they got a degree in..So see if u need the degree before wasting 4 years and a #$%$ load of money only to find out you dont want to work in that field. But i also know the professional student you know the ones that have 3 degrees but never work but always get loans?It seems to me every graduate of this college would have job offers lined up. These kids didnt just play in school they worked and earned there degrees.. Good for that school all colleges should do that but then again the kids couldnt party as much.

The headline is misleading and made me think they were discriminating against low income students.  But, it seems apparent that the school wants to encourage financial responsibility and hard work and does their best to allow all students to work their way to earning their degree.  I'm impressed by their dedication to their student body.

" who insist on taking out loans."Yes, we "insist" on taking out loans, because we don't want to use the 40k we have saved up. man you people are idiots.

there's no money to be made in "looking out" for students liars! you wanna look out for students lower the cost of education on all fronts.

At least they are providing jobs for the students. I think this is great because it teaches the kids money management which is lacking today, regardless of income level. I would bet that their graduates will be more likely to live within their means in the future. Now if only we could convince the other more popular colleges to reduce tuition so kids would not have to borrow so much in the first place. Maybe they can control costs by not paying coaches and the board od directors the out of control salaries that they do.

Introducing the next Harvard.

Must be run by a group of money hungry republicans---we know what the bible says about a rich man entering the kigdom of heaven.

I always thought it to be kinda funny to see business majors in debt.

So now only the rich should be educated. What a great country as states continue to cut back on state fund colleges. If they're dumb, they're easier to control! No wonder we rank 22nd in the world in education and heading further into the Abyss!

Play lotto instead.Dont take #$%$ like liberal arts for a mojor and you might be able to pay back the loans. In other words do not be lazy choose something that is a challenge

Four members of the House subcommittee on higher education, all Republicans, have student debt to repay.

The vast majority of colleges and universities have stopped being educational institutions and have become financial enterprises.  This has been fueled in a large part by the student loan program.  Tuitions have skyrocketed since the early 1970s.  And, the number of for profit private colleges have expanded to keep pace with the student loan program.  In fact once private banks have been allow to engage in loans without the old government regulations even more schools have jumped on this gravy train.  Furthermore, students take out loans for more than just school related expenses. Some students have families they have to help take care of.  Some students have to send money home, that is why they work jobs after school.  Some students have children/families of their own that need to be housed and feed.  And, some students just like to live large.  I know people who have used student loan money to fund expensive lifestyles.  So students may not always "need" loans, they may just want them.

In other words, blacks need not apply.

Well done, College of the Ozarks. Too bad, however, that parents aren't teaching their children how to be responsible adults.

This actually isn't a bad idea...

Universities should stop trying to be resorts and focus on education.

Take a look at the administration pay, that is the reason prices go up... same books same teaching, just a greedy bunch in the Admin roles

Almost sounds as if this action might be grounds for the school to be sued.

Colleges are not necessary any longer.  Work can be done on computers except for various kinds of practice experience, internships, etc.  The overhead associated with higher education just isn't worth it.  Stay home.  It is safer."Kids nowadays are not very sophisticated with money. Debt is a big problem all over the country."How many students are under the age of 18 at this college?

So they will be closing their doors in 4 or 5 years?

This is actually a win win for everybody.......This private Evangelical Christian School is basically saying they only want wealthy people to attend.......Good....less people's brains for them to wash.....less people screwed up by religion.

First step just like doctors cant pay up front you get nothing!!!!!!!!! Only the rich will be educated sound like something from history??

The colleges always get the blame for student indebtedness, but students are at fault, too. I work at a private university, and it's expensive. We regularly advise students to consider going elsewhere when it's clear they'd need to borrow heavily or how to pay for college while minimizing the need to borrow student loans. Very often, these talks fall on deaf ears. If the parents won't listen and the kids aren't interested, what can be done?

It appears that the attempt to make higher education "affordable" has it's consequences. Not only did it guarantee tuition to skyrocket because of the "demand" created by government subsidy, but it's creating a future generation of debt slaves!

It was deemed a good value because it's FREE.  Duh.  And because it's a Christian (read: scientifically #$%$) school I'm not sure it's even a good value at that price.

News flash for all you liberal kiddies. (I say liberals becasue conservative students understand this). Get off your #$%$ and work your way through college. You punks want everything for free.

That is ridiculous. What they are really doing is filtering students that can't pay up front to try and be some elite nonsense. There are an upwards of 6 colleges in Missouri not counting the 2 year ones. They will never be Westminster no matter how hard they try to exclude, and Branson will never be Vegas.  So Lame.

College of the Ozarks wants its students to be financially dependent on it so they can exercise more control over them.The College of the Ozarks has a beautiful campus, with kids who generally already understand a work ethic. They don't come from rich parents--one of the main reasons they're there--but they leave college having a much better understanding about LIFE.

I could not imagine anyone would learn anything at this type of school anyway.  I could not imagine introduction to Astronomy for example.  It would be a course that talks about six days of god making the cosmos and then resting, The Sun revolving around Earth, and the constellations being embedded in a giant glass sphere enveloping everything..

Guess the coffers are full from robbing students over the past 20 years

I went to CofO, but transferred after 2 years. The problem with their system is that there is absolutely no money for anything but tuition. You never see a paycheck and aren't allowed to take out any loans. My family is poor (which is why I was accepted) and I could not afford things like books and clothes without having a second job off campus averaging 30 hours a week. That is 30 hours a week off campus, and 20 hours a week on campus, and well as taking 15 credit hours (minimum). I did this just to survive for 2 years and my grades suffered greatly.Also, another thing not mentioned in the article is that this does not cover room and board, you have to pay that up front, or work 40 hours a week on campus all summer long. Not a huge deal as I was willing to work, but just a consideration. I transferred to a college and took out about 8000 dollars in loans for my last two years of college, and while I am still paying them off now, I was much happier and got my grades up. CofO has some great ideas, but it's not for everyone.

It'll be interesting to see how they survive on about 100 students!

Ok the college is right, the students need to think more clearly, hey need to dump the relidious monkey school and go to a university that is well known. I'm sure this radical decision will bankrupt the college soon. Who want's to go to a bankrupt colege. Go to a real university, not uncle festers world of winnie the Pooh teachings.

College of the Ozarks..... Aint that the school where Li'l Abner went, with Hairless Joe and Lonesome Polecat?

College Nazi says, "Need a loan to get an education? NO EDUCATION FOR YOU!"

I have a scholarship that lasted for two years and paid up to 9 credit hours a semester (3 classes). However, in order to keep the scholarship I had to have 12hrs (so my parents split the cost of one class for the past 4 semesters). My scholarship is now up and I don't know what to do! It is now 795$ for ONE class. It's increased 30$ since I first started. Plus I still don't know what I want to do :/ soo lost.

I know the doubters will not even bother to read this, but College  of the Ozarks is a great school. They have educated kids who became world class doctors, lawyers, writers, artists, teachers and  just about every other profession. The school  has a wonderful history of providing free educations. In its early years it was called School of the Ozarks and they took old bus into the hills of Missouri and Arkansas and brought kids to school where they boarded and got an education. Later, they added the college and are considered one of the top small colleges in America. They have their own airport where students learn to fly.  They have a wonderful National Public Radio station which the students run. A friend of mine went to school there and worked at the radio station, as is required of every student. Today she lives in Baltimore and is a first class musician and teacher. Hard Work U - thank God for this school.Gee a work for results... ohbahaha must be shocked.... can't get his slave's this way...

Seriously!?  Do a little research, you who are saying that this school only wants kids with rich parents.  I figured it was genuinely low cost, due to the article (YES I actually read it-- how novel!) that states that summer dorm fees are a measly $25 per week.  Also, if you have looked into many of these evangelical Christian colleges, you'll know they are doing a lot in order to make school more affordable (examples are Berea in KY-- IIRC it is free with campus work program-- and Pensacola Christian College in FL-- currently doing buy 3 yrs, get 1 free deal @ 8k per yr including room/board).  Sorry for the sarcasm, but I am sick of reading non-intelligible comments from people who are grossly uninformed.  I understand there's a lot of anger out there due to escalating costs of college and shrinking job opportunities, but direct it in a more appropriate way.  Don't make baseless accusations against people who are actually doing the right things.Per CoO's website:   Each student participates in the on-campus work program for 15 hours per week and two forty-hour work weeks. Earnings from participation in the work program, plus any federal and/or state aid for which students qualify, plus a College of the Ozarks Cost of Education Scholarship combine to meet each student’s full tuition charge.Generous donors, who believe in what College of the Ozarks represents, make financial contributions, enabling the College to provide tuition (cost of education) scholarships in exchange for work on campus. If you paid cash for instructional expenses at C of O, it would cost you $17,900 per year! Don’t panic! Our students work off a portion of this charge by participating in the work program during the academic year (about $4,060 annually). If students qualify for Federal or Missouri state aid, those amounts are applied to the cost as well. The remaining balance is covered by a College of the Ozarks Scholarship for each student (a range from $5,290 to $13,840 per student)! So how much money do you pay for tuition at C of O? $0.00!

Amazing, wonderful!   Finally someone with some smarts!

Just so all Americans know that we have some Elected Officials that need to pay their student loans off. NOT JUST DEMOCRATS MORE REPUBLICANSFinancial disclosure forms for 2011 reveal that dozens of federal lawmakers owe thousands in student debt. According to CRP, the total owed among 22 Democrats and 24 Republicans adds up to between $1.8 million and $4.3 million. The exact amount is unknown because members of Congress are allowed to report debts in ranges, CRP reported.

Just what the GOP has always wanted.  Now the rich brats will have no competition for any good jobs.

As a teacher I often lecture my students on how easy it is to get yourself into debt in college! Many past students have been taken advantage of as far as I am concerned by predatory lending by many colleges and lending institutions! Allowing a freshmen in college to have 10 to 20k line of credit on a credit card is just craze, it should be illegal!I give this school in Missouri 2 thumbs up on teaching their students how to manage their money!

These colleges dont realize students dont need them!  People will simply go somewhere else instead.  Lower your stupid tuition ohh I forgot they have to pay the President 6 figures

Trillion dollar debt that payed for schooling taught by Grad students at massively discounted prices compared to full professors. In the mean time, these same professors spend all that time researching and making money for the University. It is fraud. When I sign up for a class the Prof. should be their ready to teach.

Another side effect of our beloved Capitalist system

All of the people reading this and saying you have to be wealthy to go to this school:Actually read the article, and you'll see why you're wrong.An evangelical Christian school  does  not  qualify  as a college.   that's  a prayer group in the middle of a cornfield.

I don't know what they are worried about. All loans are from the government now, andObuma will not make the 47 per cent pay it back.

What a way for these obnoxious jerks to get free labor on their farms and property . sounds like IHOP U where you pay dearly to be brainwashed daily.

yep if the students were smart theyd realize you can get a great education online too no damn dorms or BS fees..I had enough of that 10 yrs ago..now choose courses I want to take am staright A student on my terms work full time and oh, Im 50..

to much money going to birth control instead of books i imagine. my goodness!

personally I think kids right out of HS should work for at least a year (full time) before entering college.  You get a lot more life experience with a job than you do at college.  That way, when they do go to college, maybe they won't be so quick to grab up loans.  Most kids aren't ready for all the responsibility that comes with college.

how many 18 year old kids have $150,000 laying around to pay for college?  this is a great way to encourage drug dealing and prostitution for young adults.  those are the only two "professions" where one can make a lot of money without a proper education

All this college is doing is punishing the students that were not born into a affluent family.

Just think of all the universities with millions in endowments and football profits yet won't come close to offering this type program to their students.  Its time for the higher education bubble to burst.

So now bible thumping is an accredited degree program. Too bad it only pays minimum wage at best.Hmmm...College of the Ozarks...sounds like a hotbed of intellectual ferment doesn't it?

I go to college of the Ozarks and it's a wonderful opportunity for students that need help in the financial department. The Financial Office is willing to work with students to get some debts that may occur (books, and if you arrive in spring, room and board) paid off as quick as possible, or even wait until you can pay the debt off. It's really a great place.

There are many brilliant people whose parents don't have much money who deserves to go to college. If Colleges had decided to do things like this when I was in High School, we wouldn't really need affirmative action in the first place. For that only comes into play for jobs where a degree is needed or it's paying good money. The rest of the jobs anyone can get!!!The reason it wouldn't be needed is most people I grew up with wouldn't have been able to go to college under rules like this because there parents didn't have the money.As for we need people to be plumbers, housekeepers and other jobs. That's true. But if it's decided by how much money you're born into, we become like 3rd world countries. The rich stay rich and the poor stay poor. You more than likely don't stand a chance at success unless you're born to parents with money!! Is that what we want America to become??? Is the American Dream dead???

Up to the eyeballs in debt, defaulting on the loans, but still have all the modern necessities.  How much of student loans could be paid each month with the cash put up for smart phones, video games, etc.?  It's nuts what all you people feel are must-haves for your little darlin's, yet come back to the over-burdened taxpayers to pick up the slack.

Here at Student Debt Relief we are able to get your student loans out of default with in 4-6 weeks through several government programs you may qualify for, this will allow you to file your taxes this year and receive a monthly payment that can go as low as $25. This will clear up your credit report and you will then be able to qualify for additional finical aid please give me a call 1-855-429-9577

seems like a step in the right direction.  did you know there is more studen loan debt in this country than credit card debt???  There is.  And many of those students do not have a good paying job or even a job at all......the next crisis is here!!!!!!   Schools needs to be held responsible for a portion of that debt or at least in collecting it?!?!?!?

This is a private religious institution that nobody cares about. The day U of Florida says this wake me up.

A+ in the Midwest = B- in the Northeast

College - Biggest mistake of my life!

Oh my, this college actually has some common sense as they are trying to teach the students to prepare for life by living in the real world?  This is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This is stupid. No one is thinking it through. Had I not been able to take out loans, I would have NO degree.  They aren't helping these students, they are making it harder to get an education.

College of the Ozarks, an evangelical Christian school, a Republican School they mean... Segregation by wealth the GOP way, oh yes most Republicans can only dream of sending their kids there.

I was attending UCSD and due to the economy I decided to take a break from it with just about 20K (10K under my name plus 10K under my parents)  debt which I call healthy debt. I'm not drowning with the heavy payments, repayments are helping both me and my parent's credit score and plus I still live with my parents whom theyre chipping in to help me save up for my return sometime in the fall.Right now I have the best job I couldve ever had coming out of high school and I sure as hell wished I realized this when I was in hs. Fact is in hs most are under the impression that life is easy: finish hs, go to college, graduate with 3.0-4.0, get a job and profit, but there are just too many variables in the equation to take into account, and back when I was an hs senior I was a naive fool that did not know #$%$ about the world and was even unaware the US was in a recession until mid freshman year college when I took an actual economics class (my high school's economic class was a joke). Every single high schooler has this mentality that they are "special" and can take on the world by storm and hence why the majority of them think college loans are nothing to worry about, and I used to be one of those people.I figure I am going to work my butt off after college anyway saving up all this money to pay back my loans why not start now? and avoid paying all that interest.

Awesome! As someone who has a lot of student loan debt, I think this is a step in the right direction. I wish I had understood how student loan debt would impact me. I have refused to allow my children to take out loans. They are going slower but paying as they go.

Good policy. Cash-on-the-barrel-head, that's the way of the wise.

Every university I have worked for it top heavy, with loads of admin people who do little but get decent salaries. Lotta kingdom building there.

All VOTER PLEASE look up Proposed 28 th Amendment to the United States Constitution make CALLS VOTE make CALL VOTE LOOK PLEASE

Good, Americans are too stupid to make anything out of a college education.

How did you college grads afford your bmw's and mercedes out of college with all that debt??

The problem is, however, that the part time work will not cover your expenses if you are adult student, married and live out of the campus. The option is good only for kids.A lot people like to come here and always put down going to college. I always want to ask these people what are the awesome careers they have that a degree wasn't needed..Yes, college is way too expensive. I get that. However, suggesting that people should not attend college is not a better option. Now, maybe doing community college instead of a university or transferring, yes (I transferred to a university and recommend it for many). There are jobs that don't require a degree that people can make a good living doing. However, not only are there very few of these jobs, but even some them require certain tools that not every has.Also, in many cases, employers don't only just consider what degree you have, but also how you spent your time while in college. For example, did you demonstrate any leadership by getting involved on campus, were you working, doing internships to gain some experience etc? And there's really no excuse for any student to not do any of the above. I'm a full-time student, work part-time, in an officer position in my fraternity that puts me 3rd in command behind our VP, a Peer Mentor to new students, in an honor society, and did an internship. I've done all this during my senior year alone and I still maintain a high GPA. I know some majors are more demanding than others. Also, you don't have to be a pre-med, law, finance etc. student in order to succeed. However, if you're majoring in fashion, journalism etc., you better make damn sure you're doing internships and making connections. Do whatever career path YOU want. But do your homework on what it takes to reach success in the career you've chosen.That being said, I do have loans out. However, I don't have the luxury of having either one of my parents being in the position to help me pay for my tuition. Therefore, I put myself through college financially as well as pay my own way through every other aspect of my life. My grants and scholarships only cover my tuition. Therefore, books, supplies, living expenses etc. are all on me. My part-time income just isn't enough to cover all that. No, I'm not looking foward to paying back these loans. However, again, I'm trying to do everything I can before I leave college to make sure I not only land a career in what I'm studying, but also do well in it.

Everyone who thinks this is making it more difficult to pay for college: you don't pay tuition to go here. Tuition is covered by a combination of scholarships, grants, and work study. There is a fee of about 5000 a semester for room/board, but that can be covered by working during the summer. If you don't believe me, check CofO's website. That can probably explain it better than I can.

An ILLEGAL can get little or no tuition, while LEGAL CITIZENS has to take out loans.

What they actually did was say that the college is for the rich only......

This is what I call early stratification. Ironically students mostly do not have any money, it is their parent’s money. What if the parent pays for room and board from salary, and then dies while student still in college? Still no loans, even to bridge the time estate will be in probate?  Christian approach indeed. Yes, loans are evil, and ideally need to be replaced by lifetime special tax on educated people earmarked for college funding. This way society (government), graduate himself and colleges will all have incentives to create conditions for most productive employment for the graduates. Current system too much front loaded for the students and government and other lenders, but colleges just do not have a dog in the fight – they already has been paid.

I guess only wealthier people will get to go to that school. Probably for the better.

The theocrats of old would not allow the slaves(serfs)  to borrow because it might help them to escape.  That carrys over today into their opposition to all borrowing and banking, a sin in their alien world.

Could this be the first sign that we have reached the tipping point on the student loan default crisis that we all knew was coming?

Take the almighty millions of dollars each coach/sports director makes at the big universities alone &amp; student tuition will drop. Student loans aren't paying for the education but for the "sports"

That would probably be a good policy for every student to try to follow. Unfortunately, it's hard for them to know what it feels like to live with the debt they'll have in the future. A mortgage-sized debt with no house and no job? Bad start! Maybe this will help more students ponder the ramifications, even if their college does allow them to take out student loans.except for all of the #$%$ illegals, ?????????????

This further creates the divide between the rich and poor. Everyone should be able to get an education based on their talent, not their parents bank account. This school probably doesn't have any degrees worth getting.Very Christian not to accept those who cannot pay cash!

Well I hope they don't expect overly full classes or tons of applications then. Sounds like they just cut their financial throat.

Hopefully the college bubble will burst and the entire corrupt system collapses.

I thought they were talking about a REAL college.  Are they even accredited?  If so, by whom?

I didn't know they had a college!

so the "christian" school wont take anyone who cant pay cash up front....nice.

The student and parent loans wouldnt go into default as much if the government would lower the interest rate on them. My parent loans are at 8.5% - 10% .... which i gladly (but barely) pay for each month so my children can have a slight upper hand at finding a good job.  Lower the interest rates so they have lower payments and im sure the loans will be paid

this is about segregation those who have and those that never will.

How about schools stop making their campuses resorts, paying for the students alcohol and paying for porn stars to demonstrate porn? This is what you're taking loans out for.I have to take issue with the naysayers on this story. This college is ranked one of the best in the Midwest for a reason. Literally thousands of people apply yearly from around Missouri and even the nation to get into CofO, but only a couple hundred are admitted. Also, CofO graduates have an exceptionally high rate of getting their dream career afterwards. They teach strong, godly morals; hard work; and community. Also, classes are relatively small to focus on community and in-depth discussions you just can't get as much of in huge classes. I should know since I have many friends who have experienced all the things I have just mentioned, including successful careers - well that and the fact that I've just been accepted into College of the Ozarks this fall. Don't believe what I just said? Go to Google, find their website, and see for yourself. :)

FINALLY!  A responsible university!  Now if we can just get them to stop pumping out worthless degrees, we would get somewhere.  Don't kid yourself, universities which are run like corporations only think about the bottom line.

I hope they have enough jobs for all students ?

You'll need that loan to bribe the (already outsourced HR cutout) companies that hire you ... that's the way it is in China - of which we are now a wholly owned subsidiary .....

WOW!!! unfortunately all other colleges want to make BIG PROFITS!

This article should read...Missouri College soon to close doors

I guess that means only the well to do, can get an education these days. Well done US. Greed is ruining this country.

So the poor stay poor and well the others can thank Mommy and Daddy for their success. Certainly not a good solution in my book. I took a student loan. I went to a college I could afford to pay back and am very close to doing just that. I have about 1 more yr left till my education is paid for.The stupidity in this part of the article says it all..."We are basically just trying to look out for the students' interests," Davis said. "Kids nowadays are not very sophisticated with money. Debt is a big problem all over the country."Preventing our youth from bettering themselves is not how you "look out for the students' interests."

College of the Ozarks wants to decide how a student should pay for college, and the message is that students are not capable enough to make their own decisions. Big fail.

I love how he says "Kids nowadays aren't very sophisticated with money". The last time I checked Enron, Tyco, Maddoff, and the rest of the Wall Street scandals were perpetrated by people of his generation. 50% of all bankruptcy filings, according to a recent study, were made by individuals over 65. Here's a novel concept, why don't we judge individuals based on their personal attributes rather than some arbitrary stereotype.Here is an idea, instead of sending kids to school with piles and piles of debt when they have no clue what they truly want to do in life, they instead are guided either into the military, or open up more apprenticeship programs. Working on the job and figuring that out is better. you earn a wage, contribute to taxes and society and they obtain a skillful trade. after obtaining a skillful trade, saving and paying for their B.S. in cash and knowing what they want to do by then, then that eliminates debt, increases productivity and jobs, and overall betters the American citizen for life! Boom solved!!

And I for one would not hire one person from this christian school. What kind of degrees do they offer there? a BS in Jesus? What good would that do anyone?

can you say cheap publicity stunt? don't these christians read their own bible that says to do good things in secret? not announce it to the world?

Isn't that discrimination? But  I guess religious institutions can do that.

F this school...It is a GREAT start 4 a landfill....

Hey move to NY... you don't even have to be a US citizen. .you can be here e legal and no one cares. Free health care also.. They just make people who work for a living pay for it..

Now that's right Christian of them!

Not surprising that such an erosion of privacy rights comes from a religious institution.

It's like they are saying, "We'll take just the rich Christian folks, the rest of you regular folks can go to hell"

what a disgrace to the education systemHow Un American is that ?

Once again we face a crisis. Complaints of the cost of higher education have been around for 30 years AND WE HAVE DONE NOTHING ABOUT IT. Our health care system became a nightmare and we had 60 years of warning about being on the wrong path AND WE DID NOTHING ABOUT IT.  Remember Lincoln's speach, "Four score and seven years ago", well that is 87 years with well documented warnings and WE DID NOTHING ABOUT IT. We really need to sit down and talk about where we are going. I realize that is difficult, remember the tea party trying to disrupt town meetings so people could talk about probelms, somehow we must put our petty differences aside and have a real discussion about the future.

So my taxes are being paid to let kids do mediocre work on college for free. Thats nice good to see we cant keep state schools going but private schools get aid.

More Christian bigotry at its finest

maybe school should not be so #$%$ expensive? then people would pay it

Publicity stunt... what #$%$