ya-who fails to inform the public on a daily basis that Oil futures are a manipulated commodity, especially outside the US. London, Dubai, Qatar, Saudi Arabia all speculate in oil and heating oil futures. But those facts are beyond the scope of Ya-who articles.

Forget about the Gas prices at the pump because it will NEVER go down, always going UP.Instead, if have extra money, concentrate and gamble watch the trend of OIL movements..ask yourself whether it's Time to BUY some OIL shares,  ask somebody who knows the business and be careful..... who knows it might you back some money spent at t he gas pumps.....not serious , just speculations.... only IF there is extra money left after ALL the expenditures to maintain your daily life.Stop driving, take the bus or drive your walkaton car.

Bite the pillow....

Midday glance, oil companies................yep, still screwing everybody.

What's the DEAL?  Crude Price goes DOWN... Gas prices at the pump GOES UP..... Don't get it.... Now I see....... PROFIT

Albert Fall let BIG OIL drill at the US NAVAL OIL RESERVE at Teapot Dome.National interest?

If you don't understand that's the signal from Wall Street speculators to jack the price thru the roof. By Memorial Day look for close to $6.00 a gallon.

Down .00000001% this morning, up 2.5% this afternoon, down 000001% at closing.Good for us, oil was down at closing.

If the oil companies had profit margins like Microsoft and Apple you would all be walking.  It's ok for Gates and Buffet and all the Apple folks to take your money and live like royalty but not so for companies that employ millions of people all making good money and on  low profit margins.  Go figure.  Now if the microsofts and apples of the world couldn't dictate their prices then maybe they wouldn't screw us so much.  Oh, forgot, they do and you happily pay it.

Buy oil stock then. Quit your cryingExxon came out ahead.  I hope they continue to help clean Alaska up.  They made a friggin mess.

Game ChangersThe recent discoveries of massive natural-gas reserves in the U.S. may be a game changer, says Rich Kolodziej, president of Washington, D.C.-based Natural Gas Vehicles for America, or NGVAmerica, a trade association for the natural-gas vehicle industry.NGVs could help to break the U.S. free of dependence on foreign oil, Kolodziej says. They are also better for the environment. According to the Environmental Protection Agency, NGVs pave the potential to emit 25 percent less greenhouse gases than diesel-powered vehicles.Best of all, natural gas is cheaper -- $1.50 to $2 less per gasoline gallon equivalent, according to NGVAmerica.

all day glance....greedy world ruining Bass Turds

and the liberal morons will have you believe all the American oil companies are making massive amt of $$$$$. look at the list, dumdums, the only one thats making any $$$$$ off of us, is a British company. Even after this adminstration approved their drilling in the gulf, after the massive spill that they caused. a non American oil company that barry supports is making Trillions off of us. The only reasons that ND can drill their own oil, its not because of Barry, its because of Bush. ND is the only state thats growing. the only state that have the lowest unemployment rates, 2%. The only state that is not being regulated by the DEMONRATS.

We appreciate your little blurb which is actually a nod to the speculators to raise prices.

Now look at those prices, then read the article that gas prices are going up. It appears even investors are getting screwed.

What's the difference between the 1930's Mafias and the present day NYSE Speculator...A sub machine gun and a computer mouse!

Thanks, Barry.... I really thought Bush was the worst President in the last 100 years, but that was before you came along!

Oil Companies post record profits while screwing AMERICA -  keep moving, no story here.....

Can we create a Super-Pac against oil price gauging? I don't see washington helping us any time soon..If Al Capone had been a corporation on the NYSE he would have been making new highs everyday too.

GREEDY.  OILY.  SLIPPERY.

Obama can't win against oil companies, he's too stupid and useless.  Obama is dumber than Bush.

Geeze just invest in GAS (UGA) its up 20 percent this year.  quit whining all you losers. and profit .

I guess you don't realize just about everything made these days comes from some type of oil process or made from crude.  Also, that same oil company your mentioning from the UK has thousands of employees right here in North America working hard to correct the past and they havn't stopped yet...go #$%$ at something else other than the industry that seems to provide so much in the way of jobs and energy supply and catches the most BS from uninformed consumers.

Message to big oil companies.....what's the big idea, see??!!

The oil companies will be handing out free samples of K-Y jelly for the summer oil prices. The domestic terrorists strike again.

Great to see that america is great! Suck it rest of the world!!

oil copanies love obama, his energy polocies make energy(fuel) , oil co. profits go up and up and up!!!!

With every 100 shares you get and bag of dead seafood and a glass of fracked water.I've posted this before but if you think the oil companies are screwing you look at coffee. Oil is controlled by supply and demand in the entire world so even if there is a surplus here there is a shortage somewhere else and their willing to pay more so the price goes up. In the last year the wholesale price of coffee has cut in half but nobody is dropping their price.

limit amount of gas that you can purchase to bring prices down

Gold bugs...it's still not too late to trade in that gold to buy oil stocks

mid day glance..they are STILL crooks

Buy Otis Elevator stock. I hear it is going to go up.

The latest Shell disaster was probably caused by them trying to avoid paying Alaska the taxes due.

The latest Shell disaster was probably caused by them trying to avoid paying Alaska the taxes due.

How many predicted $5.00 a gallon gasoline and are now sitting on rented tankers full of oil they may have to sell at a loss?Will Congress get asked to bail them out because of their bad bets?

When oil companies make 200 billion instead of 220 billions in profit they call it a bad year.

Somehow I feel nothing for them... They make out like fat cats every year. Stock market pfff what a ShamThe problem is investors buying up gas futures making the price go up then selling them b4 they have to take delivery. If they had to take immediate delivery then they couldn't run up the price because they have no where to store all that gas!

If i thought oil companys were making too much money I would stop buying oil products. Any one else core to join in.

The Greed report

I can't find anything on Benghazi.

Maybe they should get Boehner and tea party house to pass a bill

when are they going can call for government investigation. See why gas prices are falling

Just some more companies having a tough time in the obama economy.

Keep going down.

So exactly when are they going to start probing station owners who refuse to bring the price down but a penny a day? Oil has been down for far too long to only see 10 cents relief a gallon here in Michigan. This whole time, they cry they make no money on fuel, but refuse to adjust the price whenever it goes down. Then again, they are all filthy arabs, so this doesnt surprise me.

Not here in a one horse town of Walton, Indianaepa is the main cause of high prices with all the restrictions on fuel!

Don't even bother to list Shell?

COP drops any more and the company will be able to privatize their own money with a credit card.  P to E of 5.9 for a dividend of 5%: hard to go wrong.

Load up on BP.  You will be sitting on a 40% gain in two years.  All it needs to do is rise to 50 a share and keep paying a 5% dividend - that means 37% give or take, compounded, right there.  Not bad in this environment, and imminently likely.

Load up on MRO its just a matter of time it gets bought out.

Do the numbers above have any meaning?

with the news being that the US is selling our oil on the world market. Barry better have plans to replace the oil produced in this country. Lets drill in the gulf, off the FL coast and in Anwar. As other countries are doing.

energy is a good bet, since we are looking at a 'very stable' mid-east.....(joke)

high oil prices are the free market at work! what oil co. wants lowerprices? conservatives have always said that we should have no oil "policy"