The followers of Chavez can't be blamed for acting mean and wacky as they fully expected him to arise from the dead after three days.

Gee, what a surprise!  When will this people get tired of these power hungry tyrants?  I know I am already tired of mine!

Nice little picture of Nicholas with his fist in the air.

poor little confused Joesph,, go to bed joesph and suck on your mamas tet tetas

The Chavistas will continue to run the show until the massive inflation and food shortages cause Venezuela to collapse.

Danny Glover and Sean Penn are cheering them on.

Wow. Like this is news?

Only an idiot like Maduro would say, that Chavez had something to do with the choosing of Pope Francis.   Are people blind or stupid?  This bus driver is another thief like Chavez!

The government has vilified Capriles as a "fascist" conspiring with U.S. putschists against the homeland. It hauls opposition leaders into court on criminal corruption charges. And it has impoverished Capriles' campaign by wielding tax investigators against donors. What a nice dictatorship

what election, it is fixed plain and simple.

There's that "Seig Heil" salute that indoctrinated socialist losers are so fond of, just like Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party.I would love to hear what Venezuelans really have to say about this government. By that I don't mean the poor ignorant peasants they always parade in front of the t v cameras but someone with enough education to realize that they now have a dictatorship.

If socialism is so good why is it always imposed and forced?  Why do the socialists fear opposition?  Why must it be supported by the bullet and the bayonet?

Send Penn down to oversee the election!

This is the result of a socialist government giving to the poor to keep power.  The poor cares not who is in power as long as someone is giving them something for nothing. Without oil these issues would have arisen long ago.  It is time for a revolution in this country.

How does anyone who calls themselves an American think this is OK?

You can bet obama is watching the tactics and results very closely.

Nah, Socialists making up the rules as they go along?? Say it ain't so, Joe!

And our clown in the WH will do the same thing if allowed.  He is not too far into the Dictatorship deal yet, but he would do that in a blink.

Socialism. . . because even the lazy need an ideology.

Another guerrilla-run government in a 3rd world shithole."Chavez's designated successor, Nicolas Maduro, and his ruling clique have repeatedly circumvented the constitution and exploited their monopoly on power to all but crush an opposition already crippled by years of government intimidation."Hm-m-m-m, sounds like obama's plan.

Sounds like some of the same tactics of the present US administration.

Because they are against people's will

Capriles, et. al., go Galt.

You think Yahoo likes the Socialists? There's nothing like millions of grappling people surging for a handout that does not exist. ---  EVER HEARD OF CONTRACEPTION --- "WHAT THE WORLD NEEDS NOW"     IS A RUBBER

I can understand the movement Chavez started, he wanted to help his people and provide for the poor but this is called socialism, and history has shown us that socialism does not work, look at Cuba, Soviet Union, it just doesn't work; sooner or later you will run out of money by taking from the rich and giving to the poor.

Maybe even Obama will be there to oversee the election, to make sure he knows how to do it here,

You can't teach a Jackass anything...........

The late Screwy Huey Chavez was more of a national socialist as is his fellow gusano maximo Fidel.

No wonder the left here likes these clowns.Change the rules to stay in power. Classic communist tactics.

Don't worry Jimmy Carter will say the election was fair no matter what.Unless they don't win.

Obama is taking notes for how to deal with Republicans in the 2016 election.

The Communist strangle hold on liberty is almost complete in Venezuela.  Class warfare and the giving of freebies have led them to point their at now.Remember that The obama and his commie band of libs want the same for America they just have to move more stealthly.  That's the main reason for their gun control push, CONTROL so we can't revolt and take back America from the Commie Left.

This used to be news, but since our government and political system in the U.S. are so corrupt, we can't really talk that much anymore...

The Chavistas cannot fill the food shortages the people need, the massive rate of inflation is from a total lack of confidence in the chavistas government. they have never buildt anything on their on when the people find all their money is being sent to cuba to save them is when the people will bring change and not before.

Another pendjaho cobrone in power

As Huey Long, "governor" of Louisiana, once told a critic who said what he was doing wasn't constitutional:  "The Louisiana Constitution says what I say it says!"

Well, until the people of Venezuela get tired of this #$%$, they only have themselves to blame for it.

This Maduros is a 'bus driver' who also was a 'Union organizer' that Chavez hand picked to fill his shoes when he made him Vice President, seems might be a bit of something wrong with this appointee and good luck to the opposing party as well as the people of VenezuelaWhen you spell the word Ignorant; It mean some Venezuela people,they got a snow job from the late Hugo spell ................Fools

fooLsssssssssssssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!

happening right here too - just keep popping out them babies by the tens of thousands and in 25 years BINGO

The same thing is happening here in the US by Obama and Democrats. Lying their way to total government control and attempting to disarm all citizens.

Where oh where is Dennis Rodman?

Sounds amazingly like what Obama is doing, albeit in secret.

Right now Hugo Chavez is being raped by Satan.

When you make up the rules as you go along and shut down all the opposition newspapers and other media outlets, you know you are living in a Dictatorship. I guess that's alright if the population is promised freebies which yare never received--just living on the hope that they will somehow materialize.

YEAH, look at the free and open society....

Did they put Chavez in a matchbox and bury him in the backyard?if you don't mind being poor and kept in the dark then this is your kind of government

Communism = Big government = Equal POVERTY for all.......well except the new ruling class!

Obama is so jealous.

Just like here in the US, once the Parasites start to outnumber the workers they will vote in more Socialists and Communists (that promise them more free rides -- remember, cancers take over and kill the body, eventually!

OK, stop right now. WE STAY OUT OF IT.

The only way these thugs will be removed from power is thru a revolution but with their welfare hand outs that will be next to impossible also. Venezuelans might as well get used to Maduro and his cronie thugs. They are going to be around for a long time.

Why the enthusiasm for on the part of so many Leftists like Sean Penn, Michael Moore and Oliver Stone for dictators like Castro and wanna-be dictators like Chavez and Maduro.   Is it because of all the great things they do for their poor?  Castro couldn't afford to to anything for Cuba's poor (except make more of them) without Chavez bankrolling him and Chavez (now Maduro) couldn't do anything for his poor without the United States buying and paying full price for his oil.  The hated capitalist "Empire" ultimately supports all these guys.If Cubans and Venezuelans were actually being helped out of poverty by Fidel et al, they eventually wouldn't need "El Jefe Maximo" or "El Commandante".  The same logic ultimately motivates Barack Obama.  "The poor you will always have with you" - luckily for Castro, Chavez and Obama.

Hile Hitler, that is what it looks he's doing with his fist in the air!!

When people feel they no longer have a say in the way things are run they do one of two things, both bad for a democracy:(1) They withdraw from the political process since their voice and ideas no longer matter, or(2) They actively work to overthrow the government or sabotage it's programs.The people in power may feel that they are "winning", but it is a false feeling.

What did u sheeple think would happen,and get ready,it is coming to ur nieborhood near uSo this is news when chavez instituted nothing short of total corruption by his government.  No wonder has been's penn and glover loved him so much!  why don't these idiots from hollywood shut up and get a brain.... I refuse to see any film there in, why not move to Venezuela you morons! PS: I don't what's dumber the voters of Venezuela for believing their country is in safe hands or the thought that the status quo government is the way to prosperity.

BTW... very interesting how the death of this dictator helped drop gas prices here for a few days.  The world oil markets reacted in a positive way to it BUT, according to Oblahblah, Keystone Pipeline and more drilling in many places won't affect this commodity????

Imagine that...Socialism is such a nice form of government. Maduro has circumvented the constitution? Chavez already removed the citizen's guns. Hmmm. Sounds familiar.

So the story leads with Chavez's "socialist revolution".Isn't this where liberals say that the writer Doesn't Know What Socialism Is©?

This Maduro guy like to eat too! Find the right source and the rat will succumb to the poison like the Chavez guy!

Why the hell would anyone think socialism is good?  all it does is give corrupt politicians power to stomp out the opposition in exchange for handouts.

A hammer and sickle will be added to the flag soon

Venezuelan Politics and American Politics seem to be on the same path. Own the MEDIA and destroy the people with a different view. Oh yeah, forgot gun control, which does keep the people under control.

Describes exactly what President Food Stamp and the DemoncRAPS are doing here. EXACTLY.

Another n korea!,!!Sounds like a democratic election to me. They must be following the Saul Alinsky book that Obama follows, i.e. demonize your opponent and cheat (remember Acorn?)

It is amazing isn't this what the AP did to get Obama elected?     They never ask him a tough question.   It is always what is your favorite cookie, or do you like moochells new bangs?

Maduro may win (may be) but then he won't have anyone to blame when the whole structure collapses.Is he gonna blame it on Chavez? No way.Is he gonna blame it on the pre-chavista era governments and the opposition "sabotage"? That will only work for a little while.Sooner than later a social upheaval unparalleled in Venezuelan history is about to happen.Chavistas, tremble!

I'm thinking our Hollywood Communists should go to Venezuela and make  their public relations appearances for the Communists there. Like Penn and Glover. Maybe Jane Fonda could go along for support.

These are the tyrants the American left loves.

time to break out the machetes and go for a latin spring

This is what you get when you have ignorant people allowed to vote.  They vote their country away to a flim flam man promising everything.  Sounds like the current situation in the US too.

All of you that want to pay for another war we have to fix everything before we leave. I say no to having my tax dollars go to war and make whoever has the means to pay, to do just that. If we are involved in any actions our military is to be paid well.

Typical communists/socialists...once they get into power, they turn a country into a dictatorship.

Barack Obama misses another opportunity for freedom in Latin America, Obama made a disaster out of Egypt...What are'nt any of these articles pointing to liberal failures and why each day is there an article on Venuzuela.The next Billionaire of venezuela is about to be elected, these people are as dumb as the leftist in this country.

The American people need to watch what is going on in Venezuela because that is what Obama and the progressive movement is doing here; which is being called fundamental change. Most media in this country are owned by liberals and they don't let the reporters report without bias. The owners control the content so the people will side with them because they don't get both sides of the issue.It's call SOCIALISM NOT FUNDEMENTAL CHANGE!!! I would rather have FREEDOM than government control telling me how to live and taxing me to pay for what they want!!

A people who cannot see the writing on the wall are better left to taste the bitter lesson of manipulation. The opposition should boycott all political activities the truth will reign supreme one day, moreover the current tyrannical government of Maduro cannot give what they don’t have which is the charm that Chavez used all these years, the mask of their deception and manipulation will soon be unveiled.

Looks like the Obama campaign team is in action down there too.

Too bad for the good people of Venezuela. We'd like to be friends, not enemies.

Sounds like what Obama is trying to do here...

Still want to give up your guns America?

Why do leftists always end up slaughtering so many people?

Si.  Stuffo el ballot boxo y killo la opposition.  Victoria!

Did the CIA write this piece or the Asinine Propaganda (AP)? Oh wait, no difference.This has been going on and getting worse since Chavez first came to power. The only reason Venezuela will not deteriorate to a civil war is because of the oil still being bought by the US.

Hey anyone know where all the ammo went?

When one party wins all the people over, that's when they (the people) loose their freedom.  This will be coming soon.

Chavistas - those are the people that serve up tripe?

The Chavistas are only one small step to the left of our own modern democrat party.

Maduro should have been careful about what he asked for, he will get it. All the economic problems Chavez left him and the inability to fix the economy with socialism will hurt Maduro. The poor have high expectations of Maduro. Capriles may want to consider leaving Venezuela before he is killed or jailed after the election. Capriles may be better off coming back after an assination or economic collapse!!!

These are the people that some in Hollywood and D.C. wish to emulate.  They ought to move there.

Welcome to the new NORTH KOREA MODEL in Southamerica.

THAT is the diference between DEMOCRASY and comunists,  progress is only with democrasy . WITH other tipes of governs included religions ones, at the end you only see misery

Ignoring the Constitution..... say it aint so!!!!  He's been watching BO doing the same thing here in the states.Radical Leftie Look s Like Joeseph Stalins son  they omly way these parniod loonies stay in Power is though Lies through propaganda and complete strong arming control.  AP CNN MSNBC ABC CBS should pay close attention. they seem controled for the same purpose. Charagter assinations of any Of Obamas  oppisition  on a 24/7 basis. Everything Obama wants the state run media gives them

just like American elections,,,, rigged

Maduro with the help of Cuba will do everything to keep power, remember it doesn't matter how many votes are cast, what matter is who counts them, besides there is always a political coup if things fail for them.

Venezuelans will revolt when their currentcy collapses, inflation runs rampant, and their industries that are now state-run and serve the people atrophy into oblivion.At least Americans are too smart to adopt Obama's socialistic agenda.  Marxism is a means to failure.

Kinda like Obama try do here

,,,They say money talks....and this how both Nicolas Maduro and his predecessor Hugo Chavez rule....leaving hundreds of thousands of the working class and the poor fully dependent on cash coming from the socialist rulling party..is the best guarantee to get their votes,,,,

He can take that fist and put it where the sun don't shine.

Maduro is just as ignorant as Chavez was. Venezuela is heading towards a total collapse. A real shame because it used to be one of the shinning spots in that area.

A dictatorship disguised as a democracy, nothing more and nothing less. An uneducated populace is exactly why there are so many poor leaders in this world. Americans should take note.

Intimidation, name-calling, and villanizing ideological opponents is not unique to Chavezistas.  It is part and parcel of the leftist playbook.  I am delighted that the AP is so outraged.  But where is the AP's outrage when the left in this country - led by their cult leader Obama - does exactly the same thing.Exactly the same thing.  Witness the campaigns of defamation waged against conservatives.  Sarah Palin can't just be disagreed with, she has to be defamed and mugged too - dehumanized into a witless caricature.  Look at the way Obama deals with Republican opposition.  He doesn't just say he believes them to be wrong.  No.  They're evil.  They're stomping on Grannie's Medicare.  They want to starve the poor.The left's only playbook is to defame ideological opponents, while obscuring their message with absurd appeals to class envy and limitless expansions of the welfare state.  Oppose this and you're evil.  That's the way of the left, and it's all on display with today's incarnation of the Democratic Party.  No ideas.  Just attack.  And you can't dissent.  Because then you're a hater.So there's your next story, AP.  How to be an Obamista.Socialists and Liberals use democracy to gain complete control.  They are angry, combative, clever, mean spirited, closed minded, intolerant and vile.  But at least current history tells us, they are winning.  ITs a shame.

Where is that loser Mark now? I want to see him comment on this BS Chavista tactic.

I have no bone to pick with the Venezulan people, but I feel their destiny is in their hands....the vote. If they like 20% inflation, arrests for tweeting, etc etc then so be it, they deserve what they get with Chavito!!

Gov intimidation...circumventing the consitution....This place is O's wet dream.

chavez is now being controled by black  demons

Send in a drone. Take him out

Oil talks BS walks

So now the real truth comes out.You dont mess with dictators and their flunkies.

Then they no one to blame but themselves when it all falls apart.

I consider  the US Congress  the last bastion of hope for our people. The sociaist government of Barach  Obama is about to close the door on our pursuit of freedom through Obamacare. Somehow the liberal press has demonized the three party system by steamrolling Congress into agreeing with the Senate &amp; Executive Branch. If America doesn't wake up we will follow the example of Venezuela and be destroyed by FEAR &amp; LIES.Is Nicholas trying to do a Nazi salute?

i read gunned down at first and was not surprised

Sounds a lot like the tactics of the obama administration and the DNC.

This is how the left operates. It will be no different in the USA. Man's destiny is to be enslaved.

Now we know where Obama got his play book at.

One never knows Hugo was definitely a Stallionist nut job. This guy might own a condo in Santa Monica with beach access!!!!!

This is Obamas model for permanent power for democrats. They already have reached the tipping point here. People who get things from the government don't generally vote to have them stopped.  Liberals understand this and its why they go crazy at the thought of ever reducing any government program. Its all about power.

Where's Jimmah to observe the election? Probably to busy setting up rocket launchers for Hamas. Mebbe Jesse Jackson can take some Chicago gangbangers down and get them to shoot up those voting against the Chavista bus driver.

Didn't they de-value their currency?

commie bastigeLife under left/liberal one-party rule... and Democrats wonder why TEA Partiers, gun owners, religious folk of all faiths, taxpayers and just about every who's not an illegal alien or getting a free phone for voting Democrat doesn't trust them.

Venezuela... The lost country... Stupid people because the government needs it that way... Please don't send us any of your people... We have enough freeloaders here already from the south...

I'm sure obama and the rest of the liberal idiots are taking notes.......the war gets closer.

if the world ever needs a enama this is the place to insert it

Those people just love being slaves..

They have more people UNEMPLOYED than they do working.. JUST like USA... watch what they do this will happen here in the US if we dont stand up and do something, soon..

Venezuela is destined to be a socialist #$%$ hole!

And our President Obuttplug wants to emulate Chavez and bring it home to America.

The mob mentality has always been known to drive people to make rational decisions.

Blood will run in the streets of Caracus!These are Obama's 'true dreams of my father'.

Yeah keep those's Goverment FREE sh  it comming!!!!

Watch out Caprilles!! They Gov't of Venezuela wants you out of the way. ( If you know what I mean)

We have same kind of elections in chicago

The Chavistas are modeling their political system after the communist Chinese. They have been very successful. The Venezuelans here in the USA should go back and fight for freedom.

our country needs to stop worrying about what government system runs another country, we cant demand all countries be democratic, it just makes enamies,that we cant buy from  if the people there dont want there government they will over throw it, i know its great to feel sorry for them but Stalin drove millions to raise up against the rich and wealthy  with no weapons, and over threw them, there will allways be sick poor and oppressed, should they be helped, YES&lt; can we fix all of it, NO!

The whole country's on the verge of collapse. There will be a civil war there just as soon as a rebel crowd can be formed to fight the Chavez forces. The people are too ignorant to help. They're simply sheep being lead to the slaughter. This will go on for ages.

You mean someone thought that the leftists would play fair?

A few weeks ago I wrote: "Poor Venezuelans, when a brutal despot like Chavez is gone either by death or revolution, usually the one that comes afterwards is worst. Cubans celebrated the ousting of Batista because there was a new saint in town: Fidel Castro Rus.

"Chavez's designated successor, Nicolas Maduro, and his ruling clique have repeatedly circumvented the constitution and exploited their monopoly on power to all but crush an opposition already crippled by years of government intimidation."The same thing is happening here under the Demonazi Regime of Obama.This is EXACTLY how Adolph Hitler became a brutal dictator. Hitler was elected, then took control of the media, outlawed opposition parties, used government officials to harass and jail critics.  Congratulations Venezuela-you've followed the "Adolph Hitler Guide to a Fascist State" to a "t".

Some people like to suffer, it is easier and requires less effort. Just look at our own country, it is easier to be on food stamps than it is to get a job.The winner in these cases are people who refuse to bow to pressures imposed by their own Government, and the Government wins as well by herding all the losers and capitalizing off of their limited, but pooled, resources.

Just as what is taking place under President Obama and the liberal democrats, people can be bought with social benefits paid for by other Americans.  Chavez built his political empire on this concept just as President Obama has.

Starting to look that way here with Comrad Obama runing the show. Looks like Government "Intimidation" shut down one TV station, and will continue to do so until they take over the country and make it all Communist. Power should be to the people, not in the hands of Radical Communists.

Maduro is leaning on his professional backgroun qualificaton to run the Country.....he was a Bus Driver.

There's a reason 3rd world countries are 3rd world countries.

Sounds exactly like the Democrat party. Identical, no difference.

Sounds like Obama's campaign last year... no really, it does..." improvising the rules of governing"... "have repeatedly circumvented the constitution"... (opponents) "supporters were already maligned and harassed"... "The opposition screamed. The government ignored them."

What is charisma? charisma could be produced when a leader devotes truly to the peoplei.e. does not plunder the wealth and put it in American and European banks and by castles and palaces in UK,France and Switzerland, look at Gandhi or Mandela or Chavez etc did they live in golden cages? that brings them charisma, charisma comes when there is no difference between gold and trash as far as oneself is concerned!!!

Another nut case dictator like the one that was..Reminds me of obama potential..It's about money and power, nothing more. The people of Venezuela will have no voice and they will continue to bend over. The people need to rise up and fight. Nothing will happen until they do. New government, pattern after the U.S. with 3 bodies that are equal

Venezuela is only 90% down the dark hole, Why squander all of the disaster Chaves created whe it will only take a little shove to finish off the country.

true democracy in Venezuela is near death and on life support

maduro is a dumb bus driver with no education, chavez was an educated paratroop commander. maduro is a dumb #$%$

Where does the road of Socialism lead? To Fascism of course.

After reading all this and the United States still does business with Venezuela? This should be the exact reason why the U.S. should stop doing business with this socialist state. Unfortunately, the U.S. lacks the "balls" to stop all economic trading with Venezuela. We do not need their oil, we can always purchase it from somewhere else.

Reminds me of the last election here in the US... How many times did that Philly election board woman say she voted for Obama? Six times... and 8 times in 08. Obama is no less a socialist than was Chavez. The Marxists in Hollywood love this stuff.

This country deserves the situation they are in. This is the price they pay for having elevated a thug and village idiot to the status of a "dear leader" or "fuehrer". It seems they are too stupid to understand that their "democracy" is no more, their economy in ruin, their oil wealth squandered, their crime rate the highest in the americas and the chavista thugs rule. On the positive side, comrade Fidel is still enjoying free venezuelan oil. Viva la revolucion!

In three years businesses will be broke. the people will have nothing then they will say The USA did it. must be hard to do anything when the government changes the rules daily

lol....The main problem with peasants is they cannot decide what is good for them but prefer someone else to tell them what is good for them.I lived under Chausescu in Romania, and I see that this is the beggining of a harsh dictatorship. If the comminists cannot control you through political votes they will through terror. I ve experienced it. Those living in Vest Europe or USA do not know what the socialism and than communism leads to. Unfortunatly I do know it too well.

Obama emulates these turds.

"monopoly on power to all but crush an opposition already crippled by years of government intimidation"Really? Because last election the U.S. media couldn't stop talking about how the other guy was totally going to win.  When the opposition has a chance to win, it's because Venezuelans all secretly hate Chavez. When the socialists look like they're going to win, it's because they've crushed all opposition. Cute. No wonder U.S. news is considered such a joke the world over.

Venezuela is Obama's wet dream.  If only he could do it here....

Don't get it...This is one time Obama could save us by going down and bonding with his socialist brothers...He must be busy playing golf.

So why bother.

Battered Voter Syndrome.

"Chavez's designated successor, Nicolas Maduro, and his ruling clique have repeatedly circumvented the constitution and exploited their monopoly on power to all but crush an opposition already crippled by years of government intimidation.The odds are so stacked against opposition candidate Henrique Capriles that he has compared his run to being "led to a slaughterhouse and dropped into a meat grinder."Long before Chavez succumbed to cancer, Capriles and his supporters were already maligned and harassed, legally and financially, by the government, say human rights and press freedom analysts.Now, they say, the repression is reaching new levels as the president's heirs step up attacks to compensate for their lack of Chavez's political acumen, charisma and moral authority."Or as liberals call it, "helping the poor and disadvantaged."

They had to photoshop that middle finger back down.Where have we seen that raised fist before? How's that country doing today?It is predictable and repeatable. Democracy, the Republic, Real Freedom is dead.It is the USA before 2024.

Anyone know what time the next revolution is starting?Who thinks Venezuela is going to be worse off than they were before???

So much for freedom:O(Venezuela, another North Korea in the making:O(

Hmmm... sounds a bit like what Obama and his Leftists do here in the States to those who are on the other side of the political aisle.  Except for here we call it the Chicago Machine.  Lefitists around the world are the same:  bullies who intimidate the opposition and sidestep governing constitutions and other political intitutions.  The ends justifies the means for those on the Left.

Maduro will drive the bus that is Venezuela off of the cliff!

But of course...it was reported that Hoogo died a billionaire.  Socialism is good business for those in power.  This jackass will follow in Chavez's foot-steps.  Look for the future cubanization of Venezuala.  As businesses are nationalized, productvity will collapse under the weight of government bureacracy...Then, the people will suffer the inevitable shortages, rationing and inflation...Socialism only works in the early years as the government steals the investments of the producers...

This comment is blocked by the Communists

Orwellian repression behind the loudmouthed slug. Always the threat of force behind alledgedly humanitarian politics by the Socialists.Who would wish to live this way?Let's not let it happen here!!Good luck, Venezuela!

The people who wanted Chavez to go will be sad to see Maduro arrive.  Things are going to get a lot worse for Venezuela unfortunately.

Coming soon to the US. If the libs have their way they will act exactly the same. They have no problem destroying the constitution and taking away rights of those they want destroyed and gotten even with and controlled, US, as in those that do not think exactly like them about everything.

Chavez had no respect for the rule of written law (the Constitution)...he was a junta leader. Maduro is just a bus driver.America should reduce oil purchases from Venezuela.  Why should I have to subsidize this oppressive anti-American regime with my gas purchases?  American consumers should demand to know which oil companies sell gas made from Venezuelan oil.

He learned well from Castro

If Maduro is elected, it shows the ignorance of the citizens of Venezuela.

Socialism can only end in tyranny.

We got one just like this Pos, Obama.

Did anyone really think the outcome would be any different? Everyone singing Chavez's praises on these boards after he died must be so proud. Ah, democracy in action.

typical dictators, and we have morons in the US like Sean Penn, Danny Glover and others that praise this, go figure.

The lemming descease is prevalent thru-out the world, just like it is here..People can't wait to be driven over the cliff, and go down without a wimp!..

A country of psychopathic morons reap what they sow. What a toilet. Ripe for civil war.

This is all the United States fault!!!!!.... at least thats what the left will say...maybe we should send Dennis Rodman there .. when he's not judging wet tee shirt contests..is anyone really surprised this is happening

Gee, now here is a surprise.

Here's the vote..... 1 for you, 1,2 for me.....1 for you, 1,2 for me. I win!!!

Vote?? What a joke...welcome to a dictorship Venezuala...let us know how all those "goodies" from the state are when your economy is in shambles and your dictator and his cronies are so corrupt and corrupting to your country the rot can be smelled in the air. Socialism/communism/marxism/facism, not a one of the "ism's" work but hey, what the heck if I can get it "free" right??!!...someday in a far far away galaxy maybe people will learn that there is no such thing as "free" lunch.

sicking.  this is why you can not let communist even run for election.   another example of why obama should never been allowed to run.  same dang things he is doing here

New Order = murder off all the intellectuals and keep the peasants as ignorant as usual.  It's typical dog and pony tactics used throughout history and South America is particularly well known for it.

Typical dictator, crush the opposition, control the media, a minority of people in power. I wonder if Maduro got all the secret bank account numbers from Chavez before he died. No matter Maduro will just steal more Billions of bolívars  from the citizens of Venezuela.

China does the same thing, but we have embraced their manufacturing and sent millions of jobs out of the United States in the name of capitalism. Kind of ironic isn't it.

would obama's people act any differntly?

Pls. get hold of yourself....nothing to be prouded of....it's time to change for the right side of life = God; this time be a christian,  not Satan worshipper.The United States is going to be just like this in a few years...wait and see!!

Send Comrade Jimmy Carter to make sure election is "fair".

More reasons to build the oil pipe line from Canada.

These thugs owe this to Carter and Obama, enjoy your dictatorship while you can.

Keeping the hope alive for dictatorship. Somehow I think it will end the same way as it did with Chavez. It might not be right away but it will happen and it will not be pleasent.

Things are about to get a lot worse in Venezuela.. the government can't isolate the people like Castro did in Cuba. , to much high tech commuication for that to happen now days. it is only a matter of time, and you will see all those Chavistas headed out of the country with money falling out of their pockets and the law right behind them...

Since the death of Chavez, the news media are now reporting the truth about state affairs of the country. Sad.

Americans being fed propaganda by the wealthy Europeans(whites) in Venezuela,not going to work,the peons will not lket you evil #$%$ bleed their country,your days of power are over,maybe it's time for you thugs to pack and return to Europe but you'll have to leave the stolen wealth behind.Oh justice can be a #$%$.

Venezuelan's have been down so long they don't know what up is, Chavez a champion of the poor because he put and kept them there, now his self appointed successor will carry on and the people remain blind to the tyranny.  Good luck Venezuela!

Socialists have no rules except the ends justifies the means. We will need to meet them here with the same "fire" they bring to the table. There are no rules and they are sick and should be defeated. They accept no criticism only conformity.Americans in Venezuela should be very careful, lest they be arrested on trumped-up charges and held indefinitely until relatives or the US government pays a "fee" for them to be released and deported.  Essentially "kidnap and ransom" of foreigners who might politically disagree with the Chavinista regime.

"Socialist" hellhole

Communist Cuba has its fangs deep into Venezuela, sucking freely and fully on the people's blood, their oil. And Maduro the Marionette is the servant of Cuban vampires.

Buy the loyalty of the poor, defend them against victimization, keep them on government support instead of promoting a healthy work environment and economy. Then blame the people that earn an honest living for not having sympathy and make them pay for the poor.Then blame the rich for the plight of the poor, yet not admitting to your own wealth or the sources contributing to it from behind the scenes. Get the backing of the media while you're at it. Accuse, accuse, accuse!!!!! Finally change contexts of laws and definitions of words in the laws to support your agenda or categorize them as outdated and ineffective because they were written long ago and they're not relevant any more.The 1st thing, satan, did was get, Eve, to question what God said. The 1st thing tyrants do is get you to question the foundations of beliefs in your constitutions.

I am voting for Sean Penn for Pres. and Dennis Rodman for VP.

Forgive me if I'm wrong.....but doesn't the new guy kind-of resemble Stalin?

Is anybody surprised by this? Socialism and Communism, two of the most heinous forms of evil on the planet. Nothing good ever comes out of it!

Only alternative for the opposition...ALL OUT WAR! That is how U get rid of roaches!

Thank god when socialists take over the government they are able to consolidate power and restrict the voice of dissenters by not allowing them to speak their poison on the airwaves.  And ms feinstein wants to take our guns so she can do this too.

Another Cuba...need to stop buying their oil and impose sanctions...no more freedom in this country!!Lots of stupid reichwing posts about "inflation and collapse of the economy" - Inflation under Chavez was lower than in the previous two US/CIA-backed administrations, and the growth rate was higher under Chavez too.  Meanwhile, the growth that occurred under Chavez was spread to the masses of people - and poverty was cut in half, while extreme poverty was cut by 80%.  Education, housing, and healthcare are now widely available - I understand that fascist filth don't like that - but then again, the People of Venezuela have repeatedly told the CIA-created "opposition" to FUQ OFF.

tOO BAD cHAVEZ BECAME A BILLIONAIRE IN THE PROCESS OF "HELPING" HIS PEOPLE.

they watched emperor obama and learned how to circumvent their constitution.

Showing Obama the way, media is almost fully in the grasp. Next step, get the guns registration down, then take the guns away. It will take a couple of years for the socialist democratic party to take control of the whole congress. It is coming with the peoples hands out to receive what ever they can get. I wonder if they will round up us republican and send us to reeducation camps?

i wou8ldnt give two cents to this story.its sad the way corrporations try to gain military and over throw of this country.by going against the people of venzuela,bullying and propaganda here in the states,that policy has got to end,yahoo sucks and it fails to mention the popular majority of venzuela, allways sideing with the elitest movement there..lets face chavez was democraticaly elected by the people for 3 terms.right up to his death.some maybe angry that chavez moved to cuba and iran as as partners,but what one must ask who pushed him in that direction.it would  be no diffrent here if there was a civil war here against elitest,the other side would take sopport from what ever country would feed it arms etc...

voters get what they deserve and more.

The present high inflation. food shortages, rampant cime and political prisons??  What the hel?

Are FREE AND FAIR ELECTIONS too much to ask for?(If you are a socialist, the answer to that question is "yes").

People are to gullible these days, so it won't surprise me if they end up in the same crapper.

Every drop of oil we buy from Venezuela is another drop of blood we puncture in the democracy of Venezuela. The US should make a stand and send a strong signal to the little brat/papa Chaves' boy- (Maduro) and his gang of yes-men, that we are not going to just be an observer country anymore.Maduro is much more dangerous than Chavez and ten times as illiterate.Venezuela is going down the Cambodia trail.

This is obama's plan for America

This sounds very much like what is happening to the US under the Dictator in Chief.

I knew Americans who had gone t VZ late 90's early 2000s to retire, start businesses.  They have all walked away from their property, their investments, just to get out.  Chavez was the pits but I think the new government replacement is going to be worse for the people.  The poor have been manipulated.  VZ is one of the poorest (population) and yet the govt. is rich in oil trade.  The poor seem to think Chavez was a saint, but what do they have????? They live is slums but he convinced them he was all they had, the only one looking out for them.

Venezuela is a joke.

What, socialists stomping on the constitution and going around the rules?  Say it ain't so?  Sounds a lot like America these days.

Your looking at the future USA.  Our TPOUS is a socialist idealogue that will stop at nothing to push his agenda.

In our "international legitimacy" world, all repressive measures and dictatorial behavior are cured the instant a regime say they are "standing up to America" (even if their entire economy is based on exporting to the US).

another dictator to be supported by obama administration.not really news is it

This guy is just like Obama!Venezuela get ready for a revolution and the truck driver is the lead

I hope the new Venezuelan Pope can end the tyranny of the Communists in South America, just as Pope John-Paul 2 did in Eastern Europe.

anyone surprised by this action....nope....someday folks will get tired of the wreckers of government policies....ugh  what a mess !

They that hold on to power by force will lose it by force.

right wing corporate propaganda......garbage!!!!

One oil prices decline, you will see the true savage beasts that the Chavez supporters are.  That country will be in chaos.

Interesting cheerleading report by another Chavista

Standard leftist tactics. That they do this even when they expect to win shows what cowards Socialism ultimately breeds. But then again who can doubt that they need to do this because the people are now against them? ^_~

Why are you Americans so worried about Venezuela? Worry about your ridiculous debt, multiple wars, and government authorization to end habius corpus, and execute American citizens. Venezuela is none of your f'n business!

Wait until Obama does this to us when he goes for his third term.stop buying their oil that will bring about change.

There will be no real election here the winner has already been decided. It is the same as Donald Trumph deciding who Miss America is and not the vote. Same difference just BS

This trash is coming, no it is here in America

It's all fun and games till they can no longer support the entire country.

Sounds kinda' like here.

Say Human rights  hhhhh

NICE SALUTE

Does any of this remind you af anyone, closer to home?

Just another petty dictator hiding behind the title of president. RIP Venezuelaian Democracy we hardly knew ya.

It's just another dictatorship like all communist countries are until they find out it doesn't work.Venezuela will sink into the deep end of financial ruin, shortages of all items, including food, roads and bridges are a disaster, giving away $$ that belong to the people to "friends" like Cuba, Ecuador, Argentina, Peru, etc. while the people in Venezuela suffer. Cuba rev  2.0.

I wonder if Sean Penn can read this and not be ashamed of himself?

This is BS Chaves was a horrible leader don't believe me look at the slums no he did not create them but they are still there they act like he was such a good leader and all he did was manipulate the people of Venezuela into believing that he was trying to fix the country, Hitler fix Germany in 15 years with out oil money , Chaves left Venezuela and there is still slums he could of built houses for the poor with the oil money, he could of built real state like in America but he did not because he suxed as a leader just because you talk smack about the US does not make you a good leader he was a thief.

Here we go!!!! Syria all over again.

turds

Hmm this kind of smells like something going on here.  If you cant get something you want for your political party cheat, lie, or steal to get it.  Sooner or later you can convice people that they will cease to exist if they don't shut up.  I feel sorry for the good people of Venezuela, I know that they exist.

For 20,000 years, Venezuelans, freed from the influence of the white man, ran naked through the jungles, living as one with their gods, seeing no need for clothing, and adorning themselves with gold.  For entertainment and refreshment, they would shrink each other's heads and eat the bodies.  The "Latinos" who bred in with these cannibals, are now a super vile race that combines all the worst traits of both races!

Fortunately the Venezuelan "opposition," which is the 1% elite that ate ground Venezuelans for years before Chavez, is totally backed by the American media which would be only too glad to restore their capitalist elitists to power to trample the people and return to the rape of Venezuela for the profit of the 1% that controls America.

Another bloody civil war in the making.

Power to the people! Unless or course your opinion is different, then you're in for a beat down Chavista Style.The chaburros and gringo pseudo-commies like to talk about the US elections not being "clean".And when will the Cubans IN CUBA be allowed to have FREE ELECTIONS?

Stone, Penn and Glover can not make it to Venezuela for new government, they are still mourning Chavez 's death. Hahahahahaha....

I hate having the Last name Chavez when people associate me with this a. hole.

Does the phrase "Out of the pan and into the fire." Ring a bell? Chavez was crazy, but he was also madly intelligent and knew how to handle the tremendous power he had. The people that inherited his government, are more dangerous than Cavez, because they are ignorant and drunk with power.

Scary to see a gesture like a "Heil" Nazi salute from a socialist Chavista. Is that the future of Venezuela? It would be beyond sad.

Screw Afghanistan, ............. American force's should be occupying and killing communists in the America's !Oh thats right, Amerika is already communist, its citizens just haven't figured it out yet.

More propaganda by our Main Stream Media for the sheep to feed on.  Ever wonder why there so many stories about Venezuala in our media.  Could it be that they have large oil reserves and our country has designs on that oil?  No, couldn't be.  LOL.  Wake up people and see the brain washing that goes on in our media.

It is sad to see that the fascists in Venezuela are running the whole country into the ground.  There needs to be a new government in the future that looks to the needs of the people but also creates a business climate that allows companies to produce well-paying jobs.  This way Venezuelans do not need to depend on government handouts to survive!

What you are looking at ladies and gentlemen is the United States 30 years from now. Who do you think the socialists entrenched in power stamp out first? Teachers and students. With whom most revolutions start. The very bastions of the Leftist/Socialist agenda who keep electing idiots like Obama, Maxine Waters, Nancy Pelosi, &amp; Harry Reid into office. There's a little Chavez waiting in the ranks of U.S. citizen mists, who can't wait to be president and right all the wrongs of the world. Before you bash me, I was born and lived in Venezuela for the first 10 years of my life. My dad was given an opportunity and got the hell out b/c he could see what was coming. This was 31 years ago!!! Way before Chavez. He is 65 years old now and is saying allot of the same things he said when I was 10. So the more idiots keep electing idiots and then creating more idiots to keep the cycle going this is what happens. Congrats to 52% of you who voted for the idiot.

What is it about dictators and the one arm thrust (in WWII Germany known as "Seig Heil")???The only way this Revolution is going to stop is from a revolution from within - that has been the case for 10 years and remains so.  Maybe the new leadership will burn its bridges in 3 or 4 years through incompetencies, infighting  and corruption but only time will tell.

Línea Aeropostal Venezolana (LAV),venezuela's national airline has 7 flights a week to Tehran.Under Chavez's rule,he and his group of cronies lifted any visa requirement between the 2 countries,Der Spiegel's report last week showed groups of bearded   Islamists from Al Dawa getting off the airplane in Caracas from Tehran.A convoy of them are seen heading straight to the 2 thousand seat mosque in Caracas .Need we say more.

in any country the opposition always get silenced some do it legal way some do it behind doors some resort to violence some resort to pork shops .. it's jungle out there

Our Congress would fit in well there.

Information Ministry spokesman Oscar Lloreda said he doubted there would be a comment from the government about its tactics. "I don't think there is a spokesman interested in responding to those accusations," he said. ... There is no longer anyone in the government interested in the rule of law.  It is just a matter of time before the oppressed people are forced to take action.

The Constitution Bill of Rights  does not mention " hunting"   as a reason for Feinstein  gun control.The Constitution Bill of Rights  does not mention "state run -propaganda in the tank newpapers tv &amp; media"                   instead  of 5 fundamental rights including... speech rights  /press rights  to criticize / practice religion/petition/assembly/In short... These  rights....' limited'  government.. .. ' chained 'government... denied government  functions  not provided in the Constitution.How are Feinstein and Obama doing   ...."trading on our natural /god given rights"for  political  pandering and votes.Have the takers  been able to out vote the makers?   Individual rights maintainedwill  ensure  Liberty Freedom and the Pursuit of Happiness ...unfettered by government.Trivial control of every detail of citizens life is just down the road.Gloombery NYC  has  seen the  ridiculous examples of  government.... Big Gulp  &amp; Trans fatty AcidBans.  .

bet they have an all out civil war

why yahoo give this news like if it belongs to the opposition?

Look, the "21st Century Socialism" is just like 1933 "National Socialism" in Germany, hate the U.S., hate the West, kill democracy, only change the "Seig Heil" salute from open to closed fist. So creative!!

Socialism always ends with:"All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others."Anyone who follows Chavez and his kind are Schit!!!!!!!!!!!  Fhucked up people.

nice hit peace we only started hating Venezuela after they nationalized there oil.

Bribery to the poor blinds the eyes. The wise get threatened and persecuted. The love of $.......Where are all the people that bewailed the atrocities in Africa and Western Europe now? Not a peep.Where's the human rights activist's outcry for America to "DO SOMETHNG" .

The Obamists are doing the same thing here. It seems the whole world is turning COMMIE!

BUT JEFF SPICOLI STILL supports these people... NICE going...... way to represent the POOR.....

I feel sorry for the people of Venezuela, but it is their job, to get these idiots out of office.

Socialist is the new communist?

Is it time for a Catholic spring in Venezuela, especially now since there is a Latam Pope.

Goebbels: "It is easier to lie to an idiot than to convince him he is an idiot."

If Venezuela, although comunist, wasn't exactly like Cuba, now it will be in no time. Maduro's represion is the carbon copy of Castro's system.These are the people the dems lower the flag at half mast to when they die and tell how wonderful they are, socialist swine just like the dems.

The Chavists have entrenched in the country a network/socialist/fascist organization that will be very difficult to remove. They resort to active intimidation, political persecution, murder, violence, they control the media and are extremely active using propaganda, plus they control the whole system (even who counts the votes, so?) and they have stolen many elections already... this one won't be any different... the only way to dislodge them is for the people in mass voting against them at a point that it becomes too evident they didn't win the election and then there is a very likely provability they will claim foul play and call it off and actively suppress any popular outburst through violence... but whenever there is enough active propaganda and showing support of the party is key for your well being, then that option is not very likely to ever happen... the most likely outcome is they will continue destroying Venezuela and impoverishing its nation until the people can't take it any longer and rebel in mass and destabilize the system... then the true owners of Venezuela will have to change their henchmen and offer a bit of democracy...

It is easy to win "fair" elections if you have jailed your opponents or get them kicked off a ballot. Hey didn't Illinois have some elections that the opponents for a senate seat got kicked off the ballot and the only one left on the ballot won?? Fair and free elections for all.

Send in some drones.

Am wondering if we're overthere trying  to put a U.S. stooge in place? Yea, probably.

Voting in a dictatorship.  What a farce!

Please, help the oppossition or Venezuela is going to be in chaos!

this man is loser he want to be like iran loser too

Listen to Chavez, the filth of the earth just need to take it ALL!  Once every bit of food and land is in the hand of these thieves, paradise on earth will begin!

This is what happens when 51%+ of the population is promised handouts from the government. Obama is a brother in ideology to Chavez and the hollywood elite. Just look at all of them crying over the great dictator's death! Obama will do the same intimidating, etc. over the next 4 years and he has the liberal/socialist media backing him. Just watch MSNBC or read the NYTimes. They just let out thousands of illegals from the jails and will find a way to increase their voting base by giving them and others living here illegally citizenship.Thank God i don't live in Venezuela, Cuba or one those communist/socialist countries.

Its the Hitler anti-US cult all over again. Thank heavens they don't have much army, just hate and "victimization" propaganda. Nazi salute with closed fist.

God will intervene when His people cry out to Him for help and recognize the Government's deceit.

There are Aggressive Narcissists on both sides. The question is whether you want to make corporate Aggressive Narcissism a government policy or prevent it by adopting tneir campaign tactics..

How long will this regime last? How many of their countrymen will they imprison,torture and murder before the masses wake up and revolt?

Change Maudro with Obama in a few places and this reads like a USA story.

VENEZUELAN OIL IS BLOOD OIL!!!

This Maduro guy looks eerily like Saddam Hussein, that it looks like he has been reincarnated. He also appears to want to be every bit the dictator Saddam and Chavez were.

After reading this article, I can't feel sorry for Venezuelans anymore.  It seems the'll get what they deserve and what they eagerly want. When reality hits them, don't whine, stay in the misery you have chosen.

Now we know why some of our Democratic leaders have such high praise for Chavez: they use the same playbook.Jimmy Carter said all is ok down there. The elections are legit, fair, responsible. So don't read this opposition propaganda or you are a facist pig. Jimmy has spoken !! And don't forget Sean Penn, who couldn't clean up the Late Prez's feces fast enough. All is not lost, we got a new Pope from South America, he  will make it all better.

Sounds like Obama politics

Whats up with the Nazi pose?

I hope this is not a preview of the US 2016 elections!

Want to help the people of Venezuela? Do not use Citgo stations.

ths #$%$ is  . this pig is hollywoods darling and sean penn lover.

Doesn't this sound exactly like what Stalin did after Lenin died?  Where will Maduro establish the gulags in Venezuela for his opponents?  Free and fair elections, that's an oximoron for Venezuela now!  Might as well call him a Communist, Socialist is too nice a term for the government now.

CORRECTION: Venezuela's opposition ground down by the People of Venezuela.

New world order- the rich

Venezuela will figure this out on their own, they are intelligent people who do not need it's neighbors digging into their business.Through out history evil criminals are willing to use force to gain power.  There has to be a way for peaceful people to stop these evil oligarchs.  Once they gain power they will not let go.  They will rationalize any means necessary to get and retain power for themselves.  Am I my brothers keeper?  Yes we are.  We have to devise ways that will allow the good people to be in charge and keep out the evil. We need answers.  Does anyone have any answers?

How was Chavez so bad to Venezuela compared to America's leadersVenezuela public dept per capita - US$ 3060.00/person (2010 estimate)America public dept per capita - US$ 53231.00/person (2011 estimate)Venezuela Public debt (General government gross debt as a % of GDP)for 2012 was 51.6%America Public debt (General government gross debt as a % of GDP)for 2012 was 106.6%We are broke in the US

he.needs.a.cancer.enima.just.like.the.other.hitler

Why should the money I pay for gas be used to oppress and hurt people in Venezuela?  VENEZUELAN OIL IS BLOOD OIL.  Boycott!!!

An election in a communist country? Coming soon to Amerika

When you own the media and you own the government it makes you the dictator supreme.  It is obvious that Maduro went from being a bus driver to being the new thug dictator of Venezuela!

They put limitations on donations from USA companies who want to turn Venezuela into the same political system we have here.In Venezuela, corporations are not people.

it's a travesty at what Venezuela will become if the former dictator's wishes come to pass, can't the look at how columbia or brazil or Peru govern ....it's amazing what people fall for from misguided politicians out to increase their bank account at the expense of the people..

Exactly what the US government is doing.

The propaganda calling Hugo Chavez a dictator or even a would be dictator is coming from elites not just in Venezuela but many countries around the world with sham democracies that are terrified of being exposed and facing a revolution. Most western countries, like the US, were never intended to be democratic. The word democracy does not appear in the US constitution for very good reason; As Thomas Jefferson, the slave owning third president and co-writer of the US constitution said: “A democracy is nothing more than mob rule, where fifty-one percent of the people may take away the rights of the other forty-nine.”Quick,.somebody call McCain,.sounds like we need to poke our nose in there and get those guys squared away with a nice slice of democracy.  We'll send Kerry down with the checkbook too, no problem.

What's the problem ? "If you are not with me you are a terrorist" is not the Bush doctrine ? or the Obama's variant "If you are not with me a drone will kill you" ?Anyway, who cares. Only an idiot believes all the lies spread by American Jew controlled media (Yahoo included) !

Maybe we should try talking to them instead of making instant enemies with the new leader....ya know?  give em what they want in exchange for what we want....This is an opportunity right now, the change relations  with them....they have a lot of oil, and we like oil......

The opposition is so overpowered by the Chavistas that it's exactly like David against Goliath, but in this case, Goliath most likely will crush David.

Venezuela is the living example of the limits of the so-called "Democracy" holding within her the germs of its own destruction. Obviously, the will of the "majority" is imposed here against any law or constitutional restraint to crush the dissent of a "minority" left with no rights. Same thing as in Germany, 1933, with the democratically elected Chancellor Hitler. Coming soon to your neighborhood. Sign of the times, concentration of property combined with massive influx of Third World mentality engenders a shift in the population to the critical mass of paupers needed to destroy the "Anglosaxon Republic" from within and bring over either a "Banana republic", or any sort of autocracy. With the complicity of half of the degenerated europ-ish populace.

Hey mr bajak  Where is your support for the 1st ammendment?

....then after a few years of being under this oppressive government, these very same people who helped put these commies into power are going to be screaming for America (or the world) to help them get rid of their DICKtators...

Sean Penn and Oliver Stone are no doubt down with it.

This got to be one of the most biased articles I have ever read on Yahoo. And its riddled with with lies and distortions. I guess the people upstairs are really trying to make a push so that the Venezuelan opposition wins this election.

sounds a lot like our white house.ANOTHER CUBA.......... MORE BLOOD WILL FLOW in the STREETS of CARACAS........

It sounds like Nazi Germany around March 1933, when Hitler came out with his infamous "Enabling Act."

Take it as a sign from God, continue down this path and you too will be struck down.

It is a real shame: there is so much corruption and abuse of power going on in Venezuela. I don't think the election is fixed, but it does not matter anyway. The Venezuelan government set the rules, violates the law and harass anyone who competes against it.

Cuando un pais pierde su libertad y no pelea por esta, se merece a Maduro y a un gobierno tan corrupto como el de Chavez. Si un pais no pelea por su libertad no se la merece.

Αll these things that the Chavistas are doing are happening even in western democracies. When the US was ready to invade Iraq everyone who opposed it was considered a traitor who didn't support the troops. In Hungary the goverment of mr Orban who's a political ally of mrs Merkel is doing the same thing but the EU and the US do nothing about it. So why all this fuss about Venezuela? Perhaps the Chavistas are right and the opposition is indeed bankrolled by the hypokrites of the west.

The claims of food shortages ? I have not seen any photos of people that look like they are starving.

The election is already over even before it happens! Maduro will definitely win by a landslide! If this happens, I recommend People Power! Philippine style!

So many of them happy of Chavez's death but the country will still remain the same and lead to WORSE...I don't see nothing to be proud of this! :(

The leftist Democrats in America wet themselves when they think about the kind of power that Chavez had and the only thing they really dislike about the crude Venezuelan system is that it over exposes the true criminal thug nature lying at the heart of their own political beast.Pathedic BANANA REPUBLIC with all of these petty  would-be dictators screaming  at  each other. Is it any wonder that no one takes  Venezuela  seriously?

Capriles and the other Gusanos will soon feel the wrath of the electorate.

Chavez= Jesus Christ; Chavez helped the poor and his opposition enriched themselves at the expense of the poor. Jesus is on the side of the poor and Satan is on the side of the rich.

god have mercy on the venezuelas, if this guy stays in power theres no turning back, unless the people arm them selfs on a civil war..

I'm Venezuelan living outside the country, and I choke every time someone tells me they believe Chavez was a great president. One thing is to read all the facts like this article, and another thing is to live it. Unless you visit my country, you would never know how truly horrific it is.

Mierdaduro sure looks a lot like a young Saddam, doesn't he?

where is penn?

Just rig the election already like Chavis always do......can't even run their own home, and want to run a WHOLE COUNTRY... HA HA HA HA .

Thats what Obama wants to do .....in the U..S..A! ...We must stop him &amp; save our country!

its a known fact that our media always demonizes left wing governments in south and central America always have always will unless your a 1980's central American country with neo liberals running it then we love you !When the oil can't balance the books, the people will begin to go hungry and the Criminalistas might by then be brought to book. But that might take decades.

High inflation, food shortages &amp; rampant crime &amp; fair &amp; equal poverty &amp; crumbling buildings &amp; infrastructure are enough reasons to criticize the leadership. That's socialism for you.Businesses &amp; individuals are persecuted for donating to opposition candidates where opposition politics is a "crime". Not very democratic is it ?? Typical left wing mentaity they hate opposition &amp; anyone that disagrees. It's high time the country to go in a new direction because socialism unsurprisingly is not working.

@Kenny says Valenzuela is destined to become a socialist $hi+hole and he is right. what he doesn't say is what a capitalist $hi+hole America has become already!

what an enormous joke. the sanctimonious hypocrites writing here complaining about Valenzuela's corrupt election, as opposed to whose? ours? like the elections in 2000 and 2004, in which a combination of big corporatists, their lackeys, gun nuts and crazed religious zealots stole those elections. these loony's accurate complaining about chavez, still say with straight faces what great leaders bush and cheney were!

For the free peoples of Venezuela, the only way out is to fight.

Its takes a long time to get rid of the greedy that ruled the country before President Chavez. You can bet if the CEOs, presidents, Hedge fund speculators, get control of the country again gasoline will go from $1 a gallon to $6 a gallon in no time. We should nationalize the oil industry

An Intervention may be necessary in Venezuela.  Maduro is a dead man walking.  Within two years the military will take him out.  Right between the eyes.

Like Chavez - the new Santa Claus. Something for nothing.  It works,

Another civil war is just around the corner.Find the cost of freedom burried in the ground.Mother earth will swallow you,lay your body down.C.S.N.

I don't like where this is headed.being socialist is not necessarily being an authoritarian  ........  those politicians are claiming to be socialist but in reality they are just power thirsty thugs fighting to have total control of that country

Socialist Governments have historically been proven to be a failure.

Venezuela is becoming South America's North Korea, just without a large army or nuclear weapons.

As with Chavez, Venezuela will also die as a country if it is not cured of the cancer that now afflicts it, It is sad that a country such as Venezuela is so blatantly being driven away from democracy; those poor people (supporting Chavizmo) have yet to realize how a few of their beloved leaders will do nothing but continue to plunder and steal. In the end, the country as a whole will hit bottom and by then it will be too late. The ignorance or selective blindness of some is costing those Venezuelans who really wish for a prosperous country.

Looks like Maduro should be planted in the same hole as Chavez

6-12 months from now Venezuela Economy will collapse, like what happend in Zimbabwe and South Africa...so sad for the people of this country.

So now, when a government does blatantly illegal things our press calls it "improvising."  I bet that term will make its way into the lexicon in future stories about our current President.

how are the general population down there so blind? its almost like they are part of a cult or something?

Lenin and Stalin are alive and well in Caracas.

There should be a boycott in America organized of oil companies that buy oil from Venezuela as long as the current sort of regime is in power.  Why should I, as an American consumer, subsidize this oppressive regime?  Why should my gas purchases help to pay for hurting people in Venezuela?Sounds familiar? We went through the same thing here not too long ago with King Obama and his minions intimidating the opposition and calling them every name in the book. I can't wait to start hearing his supporters screaming against the same garbage they voted for very soon.

Blowing a perfect opportunity to join the thriving nations, Venezuela is headed back into poor governance and  pointless poverty.

They are following very closely the instructions from their Cuban owners.

Maduro is not nearly as charismatic as Chavez...and if his policies don't work for the majority of Venezuelans and he drives the country into the ground he'll be gone in no time and it doesn't matter how much he harrasses and intimidates the opposition

Every drop of oil we buy from Venezuela is another drop of blood we puncture in the democracy of Venezuela. The US should make a stand and send a strong signal to the little brat/papa Chaves' boy- (Maduro) and his gang of yes-men, that we are not going to just be an observer country anymore.

Take a look at venezuela - government suppression of rights, stacking of ballot boxes, that is where obama and his supporters are taking america.

Capriles is only the latest USA puppet who would reign over the theft of Venezuelan oil and other resources if he ever got elected. It is great to seethe Bolivarian revolution is still alive and supportive of the poorest of the poor in Venezuela. Chavez is dead. Long live Chavez !

another adolph hitler spin-off...everybody knows where the #$%$ went after ww2...now they raise their ugly heads

Powerful people who abuse money, power, the media and harrass voters. That sounds like life in the U.S.A.

C'mon... isn't it clear that the people of Venezuela, like what they have...?!!!Socialist governments are built upon lies and propaganda

Corruption by the opposition leader?  What a funny irony!

Look for the White House to make some kind of statement on this major issue any day now.I expect they will condemn the opposition parties and the media.

like it was stated earlier..... set chavez in a glass box high above the 'poor' he has created... so they can watch him rot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

In the end Chavez beleived in the LORD!!

Sooo many people hate this guy but couldn't tell you why -they are the same who fell for the 'red Scare" and the "Commies under each bed" scenarios. They wear their ignorance proudly without a moment's objective analysis - and are blinded by the very ignorant flag they fly so proudly

Boycotts brought down apartheid in South Africa.  Boycotts can bring down the Chavinista regime in Venezuela!

sounds just like what obama is trying to do here in the united states

sounds like a "swell" country.     I think I'll skip this one.

If only Maduro could get cancer and die!The Castros are controlling Venezuela and impossing the same unconstitutinal laws, Maduro, Juau&lt; Cabello and all of Chavez former flunkies are now the Cubans lackeyes.

If Maduro stretches out his hand what does it remind you people of ?

Citgo go home!

He will have to prove he is loyal by going down on Hugo's cold dead body!!

Bunch of #$%$.

They only need Jimmy Carter to call it a fair election , and the chavista's can murder the opposition , just like last time.

All I wish for your country is freedom &amp; prosperity since the death of  "C" and your nation deserves more than he could have delivered so this is the time of change for you the people of Venezuela's elected officials; does democracy still live in your country, huh!!!

I'll bet they have gun control in Venezuela.

It's hilarious watching you fascists and neo-con dolts freak out whenever a socialist leader wins an election. Maduro has HUGE public support, with the overwhelming majority of Venezuelans backing him. Funny how that doesn't seem to matter to all you "democracy" advocates. You "democracy" blowhards should look up the word hypocrite.

Bien hecho!  VIVA LA REVOLUCION!  NO todos los "gringos" son derechistas ni ovejas tontas, creame.  La mitad de los EEUU (los 99%!) estan contigo.  Capitalismo esta muribundo, gracias a Dios!  (Perdoname, pero el teclado mio en este computador no "habla espanol!)If we had a party demanding a redistribution of wealth and hostile to the upper class, no doubt the vast majority of Americans would support it. Unfortunately we don't.

I haven't read all the comments but has anyone mentioned Jesse Jackson's speech? The so-called "chavistas" listen and understand their leaders.  Do the opposition followers do the same?  There is a big difference between following and knowing why you follow.

well !!!!!  I am truly amazed !!!! Finally an AP reporter is telling the truth.... It was about time AP.

The whole, "fist in the air" thing is never a good sign.

People in general  refuse to understand evils of communism unless they live through it.

should anyone be surprised what is left in the wake of any socialist . all we have here is another phony who was out gloryifing his cancer riden body and leftist belief's.

Just the Stand/Foto of this Man is scary,seeing this before.Enough said

US believe in democracy only when it fit its interests, google US interventions around the world, mostly to help stablish puppet dictators and be able to plunder natural resources.

yes let this bus driver  lead the country... to ignorance and misery..

Chavez, may his corpse rot in hell and his people become free from dictatorship!!Beware of Yankee bikers, hikers, mountain climbers, environmentalists, human right activists in your country. They are there for opportunities, looking for a puppet who will obey them.

I hate to sound negative.....But I think they're screwed by a bunch of conejo - panocha - papaya - cobarde - la concha lol  #$%$  ........America looks pretty damned good compared to Venezuela

Damn near sounds like Barry O. Go figure.

Chavez had no commitment to democracy or freedom. He was willing to play the game as long as he was not threatened, but he would have been just as heavy-handed if he had been threatened. Venezuela is just a left-wing dictatorship.

Yet the imbeciles who put Obama back in office don't see that we are heading in the same direction.

Laughable, yet impressive the power of propaganda and the effect it has over all your minds. You sheep just can't square it in your minds how such a powerful movement has taken hold of Venezuela. To all of you, it's just the oil wealth that washes over people and wins them over. But there's SO MUCH MORE to the strong devotion displayed by the protagonists of the process underway in Venezuela (60% of the population). Even the oligarchs in the opposition can't deny that those elements work, and integrate them to their agenda when before those rats couldn't give a #$%$ about the welfare of the people and now it's come back to haunt them. The article you read above is a result of a defeated and desperate class of plutocrats vanquished by a new class of revolutionaries who have changed the order of things. It's CLASS WAR. That's why when the elites are in power they repress and murder unionists and other opposition, stack the courts with THEIR cronies, control electoral commission to their rules, so on and so forth, but for THEIR interest while the rest of society languishes in third world status and the true nature of their system rears its ugly head to what Chavez inhereited and his movement attempts to fix.

You're looking at what's coming to the U.S.

GREAT NEWS!!!!.. now they can finally destroy Venezuela... and join the club of failed nations...

These peoples politics is so grounded in liberation theology that is supposed to be based on christian doctrine but they have removed the essential command of "Love thy neighbour".and replaced it with " Love thy communistic neighbour and kill anybody that disagrees with you."

John Pilger is right when he writes:“Never has a country, its people, its politics, its leader, its myths and truths been so misreported and lied about as Venezuela.”Even though Chávez is dead, his vilification by the US and UK media is alive and kicking.Quick send Karry with cash and let Obama woe them with his song and dance.

well, well, well, isn't the pot calling the kettle black.  the usa doesn't really have a fair election as what politicians here in the usa  wants the world to know. its rig here in the usa too.   i think all these so called agencies like human right and amnesty international, imf, and all these money hungry agencies should come take a look at the usa.  investigate the usa for crimes against humanity.

After April 14 the blind sheep have to stay quiet, in silence!...accepting any result and accepting whoever wins, no b::u::l::l::s::h::i::t, no trash talking, NOTHING false! ... for all the blind Chavez was the problem, now Chavez is out .... so do not be trash talkers anymore!

WOW What a load of American Propaganda.

You get the government you deserve .

Like it or not, VZ is a democracy. Big oil in and mainstream media in the US hated chavez but they sucked up his cheap oil and begged for more anyways.

more corporate media propaganda....  eat it up you slaves...  eat it up

You guys just don't get it, the opposition is well and alive, they have members in the congress, who  joined  all constitutional guaranties. They represent 20% of all constituents  "the former owners of all Venezuela 's wealth" they  refuse to cooperate with the government , the bare truth is that they don't want to mingle with the lower class of Venezuelans , what a shame!

Sean Penn &amp; the AP News...didn't seem to notice the harassment and closure of newpapers/radio  .    The anaconda of  leftist  thugocracy  ...shutting down theeconomy &amp; opposition .One thing for sure.....if you get  MSNBC/ CNN  by cable in Caracus....you will neverhear about it either.Viva ...the Revolution  against the Chavez gangsters &amp; looters.The AP  is likewise a water carrier for the Chavez regine.    To keep offices openthey have always "kept themselves inline"Don't worry about  ---     this AP writer.   AP has been in the tank for Chavez andthe thugocracy  now in place.Why...because  Chavez was down for the people....In fact his family has $2 billion reasonsto be down for the people.       It was even suggested that the glass coffin be stuff with $$$ along side Chavez.

Where were these stories when that weasel Chavez was a fresh slab of meat last week. The media just found out that Chavez was a dictator who repressed all opposition? His funeral coverage was better than the Pope's inauguration.What a saint Chavez was stealing from his people, intimidating and killing his opposition and destroying the Venezuelan constitution and economy. At least Obama can rest easy knowing Chavez won't compete for the media's love and admiration anymore -one socialist to another.When will the corporate fascists, accept that the people have spoken...?!!!

This article is so one-sided it can't be called journalism. It's clearly a pro-Capriles pamphlet.

It's funny how when whoever we think is our enemy, he is a "bad guy".......Hugo Chavez took from the rich and gave it to the poor...........just like Robin Hood.     He should have nationalized the oil industry.....

Anyone who refuses to be Yankee's slaves will not have a good life. Gaddafi, Saddam, Hugo are examples. You have to obey the Yankee.

keep on believing that bus driver, and the venezuelans will starve, chavez was a former paratroop commander with leadership skills and an educated army officer, that bus driver is a dumb #$%$

There is no such thing as centrist in Latin America were the right wing is corrupt and cruel and brutal to the poor …..They were in power close to a 100 years, and all they did was to buried Latin America in poverty and under development…..In Latin America anything that is  not extreme right wing is consider Left……Capriles is not a centrist. He is just one of the same right winged who has been in power for the last century in Venezuela….The history of Venezuela during the right wing government is written in the song “The house made of carton” written in the 1960th….”How sad it is to hear the rain in the house made of carton…Children with color of earth, with the same scars, and plague with parasites… Here comes the laborer dragging his feet due to his great suffering. Down there is the city and far away is the hope for a better day……

This is what Democracy is, the majority rules. .not the 2%. For those who are below the level of comprehending, Democracy means they can choose who they want, regardless of socialist or non socialist.

Chavez reminds me of Bush saying, "you are either with us or against us". Both are losers.

The opposition in Venezuela is financed by the US

"Venezuela's opposition ground down by Chavistas"That is good!A very biased story.

Capriles is a good man but he know he will not win. maybe that is a good thing since Hugo lovers and followers started running the country into the ground let them finish and get all the blame. All their gold is gone. taken by the Castro brother. It is funny that this country at one time was so proud of being Venezuelans. Yet today they are lead by  Cubans who tell them what to do. This country is decayed and turning to dust just like Hugo's body. And their oil is so dirty that most countries can not you it or have the refineries to clean it.

When will they learn that you can't multiply wealth by dividing the wealth of others leaving their own untouched.

#$%$ Maduro which translate to english means yellow plantain and his leftists comrades

nothing new under the son, now even is worst!!

Their oil industry is slowing grinding to a halt, then what.....

yeah sure my fellow Venezuelans... lets just have an ex bus driver with NO college education be the next president of our country just because Chavez chose him... that makes sense right?! GOD WAKE UP PEOPLE!

Sound just like Haiti. now you know why sweet micky had a red shirt at Chavez funeral.

That is the way it should be in a third world country. The so call oppositions are none but nuisance.They would willing to liquidate the country at any cost.I have seen it in Iraq,Afganistan,Haiti,Egypt,Libia you name it.Opposition is good but they should be under the radar like Chavez and Castro treat them. Maduro you are in the right tract keep it up.

hiVenezuela needs a strong leader and Maduro is proving he is up to the task....VIVA CHAVEZ !!...VIVA MADURO !!...  VIVA CASTRO !...VIVA CORRERA !..VIVA ORTEGA !...VIVA CRISTINA FERNANDEZ !... VIVA MORALES !!..VIVA NORIEGA !

go chavez!!

Another backward corrupted country, where ignorance and low level intelligence runs ramped due to lack of education.

wah wah wah we can't win in a democracy because we represent the oligarchs and the corporatists and the plebs have a majority, another AP propaganda piece what a sad bunch of losers !

How was Chavez so bad to Venezuela compared to America's leaders,Venezuela public dept per capita - US$ 3060.00/person (2010 estimate)America public dept per capita - US$ 53231.00/person (2011 estimate)Venezuela Public debt (General government gross debt as a % of GDP)for 2012 was 51.6%America Public debt (General government gross debt as a % of GDP)for 2012 was 106.6America is broken, it can not steal another country's resources as it happened in the past.

THE TRUTH! finally! slowly but surely, the truth comes out!!!

CIA sponsored tools will lose

Maduro's salute remind me of??????? oh yeah, HITLER!

"a loaned private plane that had brought Capriles back from a family visit to New York""Family Visit" indeed !Unless that 'family' included the heads of the CIA &amp; FBI, one detects a jigger in the woodpile.

It's refreshing to see a government run by the people, running roughshod over corporations and millionaires.  Can we try that here?at least they don't use drone to eliminate their own citizen in the name of freedom...!!

I am totally in schock! A news media that finally tells exactly what has been going on in Venezuela??? I am AMAZED! finally!! to have to put up with the question of IF chavez is corrupt, IF chavez has broken the constitution, IF AND IF.......why is he elected over and over again.  This article does a great job at beginning to explain the WHYS.......THANK YOU

Now, they say, the repression is reaching new levels as the president's heirs step up attacks to compensate for their lack of Chavez's political acumen, charisma and moral authority.A state TV channel had already announced via Twitter that the military was with Maduro, ignoring a constitutional mandate of political neutrality for the armed forces.Communism and depotism at it's greatest but we had no hopes of a free Venezuela anyway... Chavez had already had his grip firm in place with his 3rd illegal term and all that.So sorry for your lack of freedom but hey, in 87 years it's a new century, better luck then.

Americans. Beware of American socialist. This can happen in USA

Finally, an objective news article regarding Venezuelan politics.

I now see Chavez is  Obamas' Idol.

Capriles, los seguidores de mi comandante Chavez te dedicamos esta canción.  "y no volverán, a robar a Venezuela como en los tiempos pasados, como dice aquel adagio lo pasado pisoteado y así tendrás que quedarte por no estar de nuestro lado.

Did the State Department write this?

Wow! Can I get a Seig Heil?

viva la resistance!!!Great news, Despite his enemies poisoning Chavez, the will of the people will be upheld. The next President is and willbe NICOLAS MADURO !

Civil war beginning in 5.4.3.2.1.........

Hugo Chavez was first elected president of Venezuela in 1998. He came to power vowing to use the country’s oil wealth to improve the lives of its poorest citizens. By some accounts, he was delivering. Living standards were improving in Venezuela.One focus of the Chavez government was education. To improve computer literacy, the government gave away nearly 2 million laptops to primary school students.

Bus driver- son-inlaw- vice president-acting president-president-dictator.I know there are a few more steps in there but you get it!

Oh.. that poor downtrodden Oligarch opposition. In truth Venezuela is far better off exiling these parasites and putting much of its foreign exchange earnings into a widespread INDUSTRIALISATION strategy plus a socio-medical programme. Chavez's work is only half done: now an Industrial strong country needs to be developed with the development of new export sectors a priority.

HANDOUTS!! HANDOUTS! HANDOUTS!!!

China, puppet Owebama's debt master is in there for the killing.  Iran is there too.  Countries are mismanaged by different set of bought politicians with a different way or process for greed.  The US is no exception.  Criticizing countries like Venezuela is all hypocrisy.

dictators like liberals.. like their oppression to be around..long after they are gone..

They are using the same attack plan used to overthrow governments and they will get away with it.  A hydrogen bomb would settle that mess real quick.

Divide and conquer, take over the banks, take over the press and airways and promise the military anything they want, in the end, the poor working man gets stabbed in the back.  Time for the Ven people to stand up and revolt, the same thing we should do in the US.Leftist revolutionaries always become leftist dictators. Liberal fascism seem to be in vogue these days.

If this is the kind of 'journalism' Americans are reading, it's no wonder you're all so ignorant. This is the most biased nonsense I have ever read.Truly bizarre. Try looking elsewhere for your facts, folks, and you'll realise why everyone around the world hates you.And, by the way, Bush and co. did 9/11. Accept it, you're all suckers!

The problem with Venezuela is that the Mob depolarize the country so much that if a guy like Chaves gives a person a cheese burger that is more than what they had in the past and that made him a better a leader at least I get a cheese burger out of the oil.

Apparently Democracy in Latin America is legitimate only when US puppets are in power.

The opposition to Chavez just can't face the truth.80% of Venezuelans are Chavistas,  isn't this democracy after all? Stop crying like a little old lady   and work with the winner for the sake of your country!

Most of this report is false. Example, Supreme Court judgement was that since Chavez was a "re-elected" president and in medical treatment the oath was postponed until he were in condition to take it. So, when Chavez died, he was effectively and legally in possession of the presidency thus the vice-president, Maduro was the next in line to get in charge as per the constitution.Media is playing regular American people, preparing the public opinion for a necessary "transition" government in Venezuela, like Iran many years ago, Egipt, Lybia, Siria, Irak, etc....and Americans will continue paying the bill for all this wars.

Washington Office on Latin America? Their interpretation of events is the source of this story. They are a tool for capitalist imperialism. This article accepts their word as gospel.This is just another story that tries to depict what has happened in Venezuela as terrible. What HAS happened is that the gap between wealthy and poor has lessened. Unlike here in the US. The people support this government. The capitalist powers and their organs (Washington Office on Latin America) oppose the government, not because of its human rights policies or the lack of freedom in the press, but because this government cannot be controlled by the US or by American business interests.AP and this writer are simply tools for powerful capital players and they pose as concerned for the freedom of people of Venezuela.Unfortunately, the American people too easily believe what is fed them by the media.

This article has corporate media written all over it.  No balance whatsoever.  Viva Chavez!

Love the bias reporting here. Last I checked, all Western govt have succession plans if the current leader dies that the vice president or equivalent would take his place. Don't understand all the fuss. Plus,all I am hearing is sour grapes from the opposition. Not Chavez or his supporters' fault they can't win an election. Maybe they should learn from Romney loss in the U.S. election and not disregard minorities and those less fortunate. The under represented know they have a say in govt now and are willing to vote.  Plus, maybe they should acknowledge the crimes that the right-wing did in the 50's to early 90's against that group. Just food for thoughtFinally, Two months prior to Chavez's death, the opposition had their #$%$ handed to them by losing 20 out of 23 states with Capriles nearing losing his own state. Doesn't sound like they are going to win a Presidential Election. Oh....it probably didn't help that they recorded them celebrating Chavez death (who was very popular with the poor and Non-European cl#$%$) with parties and celebrations. Again....food for thought.

American media is historically biased against anything with Chavez's mark, thus I can't take this seriously. If I read it in the Guardian or Al-Jazeera English, I'd be more inclined to take this report seriously.viva chavez

oh, the rich rats are scurrying for cover, they just realized that money can't buy power, iguess we know where are next boat loads of refugees are coming from, too bad, maybethe sharks will get them

The four great men of America:  Miranda, Bolivar, Sucre and Chavez.  All from Venezuela.

I hate tyrants.

Zionists, warmongers and their puppets must be chitting their panties.

GD Communism like Republicans

The US has two ways to deal with other countries. 1. We do not have any business in their internal affairs as they don't have any in ours. 2. We show our imperialism by imposing our will on their politics by invading them and sending their leaders to prison.  We've done that in several banana republics and still we don't control them. As for me, we should leave them alone and if they attack the US, we can nuke them to hell.

@ BoydZ: Feinstein is as close to a Republican as a Democrat will ever be.  However, Ms Feinstein has seen what guns can do close up and in person. You know how she got to be mayor right? Perhaps you volunteered to clean up the mess when Reagan got shot by that nut? Seriously. You're not forming a militia against the state. You don't need freakin' assault weapons. But  by all means run down to the store and hoard some in your safe room. I guess that will keep them off the streets as well as anything.

That was the most ridiculous, one-sided article I have read in a long time. Mr. Bajak, you are a pitiful journalist.

Ya grind those greedy corrupt loser  fat butts down to "nothing" !!!gee ..... I though now there peoples has a new " President " he could be a better,smarter, and  with common sense and to try to change his little world for better with peace, respect with other country... The other thing is,does he need to raise his ARM up like that!!!  It he from Africa now ?

Everything will fall...and while it higher more painful the fall is

Notice that whoever runs things down there, they still sell oil to the US at market rates. They simply must or they would starve. Absolutely no need for the US to get involved.

Let us wait

Place generic, uninteresting comment about Obama and his administration's similarity to Chavez here.....Now continue to pat yourself on the back for your alleged brilliance; especially since you don't require reading source material in Spanish, or any books or articles on political culture in Latin America period...Nor can you say you know the cultural variances or where the countries are even located, but hey... You know Latin America, you traveled to Cancun for a 4 day excursion with wife and kids a few years ago and have it all figured out, as usual.  If only the world would listen to you more often.

The Constitutionality of the actions by Interim President Nicholas Maduro has been confirmed by the highest court of the land. The media largely remains in the control of private corporations -who overwhelmingly support Henrique Capriles Radonski.  The Venezuelan opposition and its media at various times branded Hugo Chavez as a monkey, nazi, racist, dictator, etc.  US former President Jimmy Carter claimed that the Venuelan elections were the fairest ones he had ever witnessed.

The biggest dictator in the world still belongs to the U  S  A. Try to eliminate anyone who is against them.

death to the dictator ..........................long live the new dictator ..................

Welcome to the future of the united states.

Dems and Rep are leading us down the same road here in the land of the "free".I realy liked Hugo Chavez, he managed to fight off the Zionists for years, but alas he couldn't win every battle.RIPHugo ChavezYou will be missed.

The AP story like most in the past are heavily slanted against Hugo and the " Chavistas".  We have been duped in the past and too many of us continue to buy in to the vitrolic propaganda that lends support to despotic but American-freindly governments.  Who are the losers of Latin and South American revolutions of the kind fostered by Hugo?  Why Big oil corporations and their ilk, who else?  Why their minority elite, who show no conscience with the misery and suffering they help promote with their greed and addiction to power - they either have to stay and live a middle class existence or migrate to the USA and join thier Cuban exiles."  Who gains? Everybody else in the country who regardless of what label the far right gives them, deserve a decent life.  If you wish to call them socialists, so be it - at least their families won't starve or live under oppressive tyranical governmentl.  This may not be the answer for us but it seems to be the anti-dote for most of our south of the border neighbors.

Socialist never raise anyone up from poverty all they do is bring the job creators down to a level where they can't create jobs anymore so the poor have to rely on the dictators even more. It's a trap and works great on societies with low education levels.  Why do you think liberals spent the last 2 decades infiltrating public High schools with 3rd grade level education to dumb down America to the lowest common denominator.  Look at Detroit, ruined by liberals and Union thugs. If you don't want the rest of America to end up like Detroit we better start home schooling our kids.

My point; why is america and american media so concerned about Venezuela while the don't talk about the petition filed by 25 states of USA for being separated from the unity???

just replace the name with Hillery and rubio.  and you have our future in the USA.

gee, this article is not biased *rolls eyes*

Any body that thinks that he CIA was behind the failed cope of 2002 is a idiot. Why is it that the CIA is the one that always gets blamed for the coup how about the MOB do you think they don’t do coups only the CIA always the CIA fault stop and think of Castrol and how he was fight in his country the MOB not the CIA.  IF the CIA was running Venezuela prior to Chaves there would not be slums everywhere. The Mob was behind the failed coup  I  Garnett it.  The mob is the true evil.

Meet the new boss, same as the old boss....Guess I'll get fooled again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again.....................

Hey, if it's working for them, great. At least they know that a bus driver is running their Country. I think most bus driver have more common sense than the idiots running our Country.

Capriles, the followers of my commander Chavez will dedicate this song to you. "you and the oligarchs will never to return to steal Venezuela as in past times, as the adage says that trampled past and so will stay in the past and  have to stay that way for not being on our side.Even though most of these allegations (which are not supported at all) in this article are probably lies, you could say the same thing about the rulers of Saudi Arabia (if not 100 times worse -- they actually do have torture prisons and virtually no human rights).  But we don't bash dictators of major OPEC countries if they do as the US tells them.  The rulers of Saudi Arabia live under a monarchy (aka dictatorship), there's no democracy, no human rights, no oil money for the poor!  But no.... don't talk trash about those dictators cause they're "our dictators".  By the way, Chavez has been elected over and over again by a large majority under elections that were internationally observed and monitored, so he's not a dictator!!!!!

Hands Off Venezuela! Chavez lives in the spirit of the continuing revolution! Revolution can come about in biphasic steps. Ridding the culture of the remaining plutocrat hopefuls comes next. Let's hope it is done thoroughly!We are on the brink or likely now entering the global economic BIG ONE. The world's capitalist house of cards is going to collapse sparing no one. We can only hope that what remains will ultimately learn from the past and constitute more humane forms of governance. It didn't have to be this bad. We can blame human greed.So it is time for America's electorate to consider alternatives to Capitalism. Given the present two party system there cannot possibly be enough change for the better. We have an oligarchy governing us, certainly not a democracy as we are brainwashed to think!

the united socialist party won the previous election by 11%. In US we would call that a mandatelooks like they will win this election alsothis is not "chavez' revolution"- it is a national election- one person one vote- no electoral college, no battleground statesjust face it- the people in venezuela (by a pretty good margin) actually support what chavez was doing

It's sad to see how much hate  can be generated within a mob when manipulated by Owners and Rulers of this country. And it's only because he dared to help the poorest of americans. He did nothing else to US.

.North America is going down the drain and its people are always criticizing foreign countries which they do not even know in what continent are located, because most of them are ignorants and have never been overseas. There is a joke that says that in the EE UU, children at birth are crying louder than ever because they know of the enormous debt they have to repay.

Venezuela.........La nueva Cuba,Corea del Norte,pais represivo, the blind leading the blind!!!!!!!!

prceident nikolas u are the future of venezuela congratulation chavez hero forever ilike because he no have to kiss no body #$%$ viva chaves putos

Just a bunch of brown skinned #$%$.I like this because it is #$%$ all the #$%$ in the world off.

To the people of the world: Please don't think that the comments here represent an accurate sample of opinions in the U.S. To be fair, they read "news" sources that make rich people look like angels and poor, working class people look like parasites. You and I know it's the other way around, but what can we do? We can make a list of very key facts that seem to escape the U.S. public, but I think these are the kind of people who don't let facts deter them from they're hatred of participatory government. Here we vote for one rich guy or another and turn around and worship Kim Kardashian's naughty bits and her ability to be rich and famous for no apparent reason 'other than her naughty bits'. We're very well trained. We even have favorite huge corporations that we proudly advertise for by wearing their logos.

this is a propaganda based article. Shame on you to be just a poppet of the U.S. government!!!!The USA is in need of freedom, and changes that will help the poor hard working to be able to have shelter, food, and healthcare.  Venezuelan oil is belong to the people of Venezuela not belong to the USA therefore the former president was doing the right, helping the Venezuelan people.  Nobody tells the USA what to do with their corructed system so the USA does not have any authority to be telling to other Countries what to do.

The language and tone of this article is so bias  to make it useless to read. One reason Venezuela continues to be in chos is it has had no practice governning itself without outside interference and destabilization since its founding. It is a NON-WHITE RESOURCES-RICH NATION that has sougth to reap the benefits of nationalizing its Oil &amp; Gas. This has angered the White US &amp; NATO nation Oil &amp; Gas Companies.The US will soon turn it into an Iraq, Iran, Syria or Lybia with CIA-engendered disease, chaos, GENOCIDE and destruction.

Another #$%$ to be the government leader... hey, you guys know how to do it, put a gun to the head of the opposition and if they don't agree with you, pull the trigger... what a bunch of corrupted jack #$%$...

crush an opposition already crippled by years of government intimidation..... aha, intimidation by giving jobs, housing , health...a life. I want to be intimidated....

Obviously Frank Bajak hasn't read the venezuelan constitution, if he had he wouldn't give such disinformation.  The leaders of Chávez's  goverment don't need to cheat to win the election.  Before Chávez poverty levels were 49%, extreme poverty 27% after Chávez poverty level 27%, extreme poverty level 7%.  Unemploymente 6.8%, increase of 4.8% in it's economy last year and over 5% the years previous.  Education and health plan for millions who didn't have any before Chávez.  These are numbers from the Unidted Nations.  They will win because of these reason.  You don't have to agree with them but you shouldn't lie to prove your point.

What a disaster!!!.  Such a beautiful country.   The last standing TV station now in the hands of the government.

Maduro - once a street thug, always a street thug

Fascist pigs, now listen up and listen well !Y'all rejoice to the fact that your mortal enemy Commander Chavez has died. Thing is , Chavez was just a man, some go early , some go late.True , Chavez went before his time , but guess what ladies, his ideals will live on forever in the hearts and minds of 200M south-americans.Fascist pigs, MAKE NO MISTAKE ABOUT IT !Just like Comandante Che Guevara before him, Hugo Chavez gonna be even more dangerous to y'all , now that he is dead.For he has overthrown the rule of the oligarchy and given a voice to the voiceless for the first time in 500 years.Comrade Chavez has armed 125,000 venezolanos workers and peasants with the Almighty Soviet ***A K M*** .Commander Chavez has opened wide the flood gates of the socialist revolution to an entire continent.Cuba, Venezuela, Bolivia, Ecuador, Nicaragua, El Salvador, Brazil, Argentina, Paraguay. And soon Colombia and Peru.Y'all be crying like littles beetchhes, fascist pigs ...

Chavistas might seem paranoid if it wasn't for the fact that the U.S. has been overthrowing elected Central American countries since the 1970's.

Sounds like the republican party in the USA in reverseThere is no illness that lasts 100 years, nor is there a boddy that can suport it. The people of Venezuela will suddenly see the error of their action, when it is to late for them. I pity them.

Maduro will end up the same as Ghaddafi did with a bullet up his #$%$.

Replace the word Chavez with  Obama in this article and it would still be accurate

As long as they keep giving up that oil who cares what they do with their politics

"The improvisation began when the Supreme Court, stacked with Chavez loyalists, said the president's new term could begin as scheduled although he wouldn't be sworn in on Jan. 10 as specified by the constitution."  Replace Chavez with Bush and you would have a story about 2000 U.S. elections.

The revolution will continue in Venezuela . Socialists will cry their heroes all right, but then they'll pick up their flags and keep going.

I hate to say it but I liked Chavez over this dbag.  That picture of him with his hand raised in a fist is hilarious.  He looks like he's in the special olympics.  Not trying to offend anyone but just saying.

Viva chavez, viva maduro, with chavez and maduro the country is secure.

None of what this article says about circumventing the constitution is true.  Luckily we have the AP to tell us what to believe.

And we were afraid Assad will hold on to power.  He comes the next Syria.  Long live Chavez and his minions of rats.Bad Hugo stole Rich Boys' toys in 99. Rich Boys called in Bully Big Brother in 02. But Bully Big Brother was outwitted by the other kids who knew justice, leaving Rich Boys and especially Bully Big Brother with Egg on Face.Rich Boys stood at edge of playground calling Bad Hugo silly names. Bully Big Brother went elsewhere for a while but kept in touch, waiting for Bad Hugo to leave...2013, Rich Boys see their chance to take over playground, Bully Big Brother sniffs the oil in the air... To be continued...

The article is full of lies: The Venezuelan government is not circumventing the constitution.  Another corporate media attack on true democracy, simply because it does not kneel down to the economic demands of the media owners.  But of course, silly Gringos will believe the falsehoods, because they are not able to grasp their media outlets are not free press, but serve the purpose of their rich owners, who despise democracy, caring only for profit and power.

The piece has no validity and ranks as one of the most outrageous, biased, non verifiable pieces of propaganda I have ever seen written as news! And that is saying something after the invasion of Iraq!Amazingly, the elections in Venezuela were observed by an international commission and are rated some of the fairest in the World! The changes in the Venezuelan constitution has wrested power away from a few wealthy elites and has made the democratic process more open and inclusive of even the poorest people. Infant mortality has declined significantly! The literacy rate has gone from one of the lowest in the region, to the highest! The healthcare system that was only accessible to the wealthiest, is now available to all! And all of this paid for by oil that is now controlled by Venezuela rather than international oil conglomerates who reaped massive profits.Another article demonstrating, yet again, that the AP is nothing more than a propaganda mouthpiece of the US Government!

shoot mr. maduro and moove on

The squalids will never and ever run venezuela's destinity.  You better go to miami to live along with the gusanos. They know what I am talking about.

Truly a government OF the people, FOR the people.The USA is just a pale imitiation.The USA is a government OF business, FOR business......and fugg the people.

That is the way to go. Hugo Chaves was one of the greatest man in history. Capriles is just a puppet of the Zionist world.

Opposition candidate Capriles is a Jew. Why would Venezuela elect a Jew????

This reminds me a bit of the recruitment of southern evangelicals by the Republicans...As long as your praise jeebuz, you can do no wrong..Trailer parkers of america unite!!

Before you get too excited about world democracy and the vote for everybody, recall that the vast majority of humans live in metropolitan urban environments and make less than $2 a day. They will make the laws for you to live by. Can you deal with that?When the wealthiest capitalist citizens own the government and control everything including the media, we call it a "socialist" government; unless it is the USA. Then we call it "democracy", which has nothing to do with economics or leadership.

For all those haters of Hugo Chavez can't convince  that  he won  the national elections three times fair and square, its absurd to think that just because you  don't like his policies, we're  to cut relations, what about China, when have they held their last national elections?

Long Life for Hugo Chavez !! no matter what the man is Dead....like Che Guevara...now Chavez is turning in a Legend !!!! wow !!!!

Viva chavez!  viva venezuela! Viva revolution bolivar!