Mr. Perez was also President of the infamous Casa de Maryland. That pro-lawbreaking group crafted a pamphlet explaining to illegal aliens how they can avoid being caught. The organization has been funded by the likes of George Soros — the moneybags of the Hate-America Left — and by pro-communist dictator Hugo Chavez of Venezuela, whose oil company reportedly bestowed $1 million on the outlaw lobby. (Think about that if you're ever tempted to pull up to a CITGO station).

This is the man who was in charge of the dept. that dropped the case against those Black Panther goons after they had been convicted of voter intimidation during the 2008 election.He has also turned away from any civil rights cases that was not black against white since being placed in his current position.

Gosh, it's like appointing a drug cartel to be in charge of gangbangers!

Another of Baracka "Benghazi" Obama's frothy mouth progressive labor lawyers - I think it is disengenuious to call this man a "consensus" builder - He is a typical divide - discredit - destroy democrat.Anyone who is against voter ID needs to step down from their govt position - and do it now.Stand Up America and shout out that We The People have had ENOUGH of this b/s!

Isn't he the one who who helped getting the New Black Panthers off the hook??.................

Another mob hoodlum for the Obama administration.

Internet too?There is no end to Thomas Perez's history of grab-grab-grab for all dictatorial powers necessary to force others to march to his orders. He reportedly is mulling over the idea of controlling the Internet and perpetrating — as York describes it — "a crackdown on Web sites on the theory that the Internet is a public accommodation."

More payback for votes!

Another Obamanite who has no regard for the Constitution or law. The liberal agenda first, last and always.

another socialist radical . . . just look at the pure hate in that man's eyes !No other president has ever presented so much image of helping labor, and so little substance.

Obama is getting all his people in place. Watch out for the elimination of the law that declares only 2 presidential terms.

This cat is trouble. Keep a watchful eye.

Great for the freeloaders since his appointment meas more free stuff

What a scary looking creature. Thought he was some actor looking to get a role on the next chain saw massacre movie.

"civil rights activist" is code word for anti white racist.

Another Un American Obama Chicago thug..Mr. Perez was also President of the infamous Casa de Maryland. That pro-lawbreaking group crafted a pamphlet explaining to illegal aliens how they can avoid being caught.

After over 4 years you expected Oblamer to do the right thing!!! NOT GOING TO HAPPEN!

"Hispanic lawyer with experience in civil rights and workplace issues", what this really says is that Perez is just another Hilda Solis, a racist whose sole agenda will be jobs for ONLY "Hispanics", and ONLY Hispanic illegal aliens, everyone else be damned.

So, a racist who supports voter fraud and hates America. SOunds like an Obama appointee to me. We need to take our country back, before illegal alien supporting people like this finish it off. Soon we will be as successful and have the integrity, security and stability of Mexico.illegals, multivoters,nonresident voters etc. should not be allowed to vote.

This guy is one bad hombre!!!!!!

America Beware Fox in the Hen House .

No one is working, so who the hell needs you.

Scraping the barrel - yhis guy looks like Hugo Chavez - Hugo jr - this guy is sooooo far left it is patheic&gt;

Looks like another community organizer.

I see Obama nominates another racist who was against the prosecution of New Black Panther Party members for voting intimidation then try to lie about it.I will never forget how Obama and Holder allowed the Panthers to walk free.

Her we to again. Another left winger.

In Nevada (Nye County), you have to be registered by a certain day before the election,  Then you have to bring in your registration card as well as your drivers license that shows your current address, I have NO problem with this, Nor should anybody else

OBAMA = The worst President in historyIn California when we vote you have to show your California ID or license to prove you are who you say you are and were you live there is nothing wrong with that,and you need a ss number to get them

Just another puppet.

One more radical racist, what else is new??  This is the kind of people Obama wants in his administration.  "Cut from the same cloth"................................if you catch my drift!

Now I know how black people must have felt in the 60's. This man has a score to settle with white america and his agenda is solely based on bigotry.

Look at his success story. From a garbage collector....to just plain garbage

Is there any credible person on Obozo's staff? And the mainstream media lap dogs continue to lick his genitals.

This man should NOT be confirmed. Congress has kowtowed to every ridiculous nomination Obama has made (John Kerry???). Time to say "enough is enough."

This is the home boy that that thinks the black panthers are a good thang.

No!!!

Every day He-Oblamer proves my point, Obama was sent, "To destroy your meserable house from within."Yet another radical bully liberal hater of America!

Another Aristocrat appointed by HIS Royal Highness who WILL ONLY represent the ILLEGALS and NOT AMERICANS.

Very dangerous man!! Obama's getting his ducks all in a row!!

It's amazing how many folks go to law school to become politicians.

Another unqualified bozo.

Political Pay Back for HIM keeping the "Fast and Furious Investigation" away from the Oval Office !!!

Obama, still a "community organizer/activist"....his community is just bigger now!

If the ACLU supports it, you know it's not good for this country.

Another Marxist Socialist hack - just what the country DOESN'T NEED to head the Labor Department!

ODUMBOS Manure pile is getting bigger in washington.  Nothing but ODUMBOCRAP #$%$Another Idiot, you can tell that his bread is only half baked by just looking at him. What do we need with a Labor secretary, when there are no job's.? This is money that could be saved by just leaving this position unfilled.

Another non-American on Obama's staff that hates all America stands for.

Comrade Obama nominates Comrade Perez  , anybody shocked ?

I'd say Thomas Perez is more of a friction builder between business and the obama administration to further the degradation of economic conditions and increase the plantation numbers.

Perez is the thug who wants open borders, doing away with voter I.D. laws, and refusing to prosecute the Black Panthers.  He is a radical leftist that should be blocked from becoming Labor Secretary.

Being a civil rights enforcer sure makes him just right for the job. This administration is the most racist group ever to be in office. Bad enough they don't give a dam about the Constitutionbut they try to change the laws to fit their agenda to run this Country into the ground.

WORST PRESIDENT EVER!!

The post now being called "The Secretary of Union Labor"?

Another steaming pile of libtrash #$%$.

the nazi party gets largerThis dude looks Communist.

obama ALWAYS surrounds himself With WALL Street Lawyers...........why ?

Another anti-Constitution communist.

This guy is more dangerous than Van Jones.

May as well approve him....obammy is going to have  his way....besides we have hit the bottom #$%$ of the barrell to fill his cabinet.....anyone with slight morals and principals don't want to be that closely connected to obammy and the history that will be written.........

"Consensus builder."  Does that mean  Perez will follow popular liberal opinion, rather thanexisting Constitutional laws ?  {Kind'a like Obama does now)

Remember the video that showed the new black panther party members with clubs intimidating voters at a 2008 polling location?  It was this left leaning, racist loon at the justice department that decided that no prosecutions would be forthcoming.  And perez's bigoted favoritism of latinos should eliminate him from ever holding any position of responsibility in this or any other administration.

All of Obamas nominess are hard core leftist communist, anti- constitutional thugs that desire the downfall of our constitutional republic. The left desires the transformation of the U.S. to a third world communist ologarchy to keep power. Time to overtrown this corrupt regime on sedition.

Is it just me or are there more Hispanics showing up under Obama this term than blacks?

Barack Obama and his hoard of radicals is someone who inflicts pain and suffering on the American people in order to permanently accumulate dictatorial power for the government he controls.Of course this article doesn't mention that the investigation against Arapio was a witch hunt, and nothing ever came of it. Arapio is doing his job of up holding our laws, where a man like Perez is busy trashing our laws, and going against States that wanted to prevent voter fraud. Can't have that, this guy is pro illegal alien, and pro La Raza thug.

All Obama's appointees are not "clean".  Wonder what skeletons this guy has in his closet?

" He is the only Hispanic so far to be named to Obama's second-term Cabinet."  The important reason that Emperor Obama anointed him.

I wonder what he's done to insure the prosecution of the Ohio fraud voters who voted many times concerning the last election!  It's real quiet on that issue!

What's Happening To This Once Great Country ???? It's Turning Into A Ghetto !

Just another socialist is high places. Obama doesn't have anything else around him.

I would like to know what their definition of "voter suppression" is!

Eric Holder, Obummer and now this. Buy a gun today; federal government is the biggest threat to national security.

He looks quite a lot like  Leon Trotsky.

This SOB is a RADICAL crack pot. Who else would expect FRAUD Obama to nominate?Trumpka and Jealous were at the announcement ....enough said!

Another appointed "Activist" with no clue and no credentials .

Figures.  Obama's Justice Dept is the most inept and corrupt organizations in DC.

Nice guy - fit for office under an Obama administration -  perfect.Perez was a Casa de Maryland president of the group’s board of directors. He crusaded for  expanding  illegal alien benefits.   BTW, Casa de Maryland is funded by George Soros.-Perez was instrumental in the refusal to prosecute Black Panther voter intimidation in the '08 election.-He's attacked South Carolina’s voter ID law when at the DOJ..-This guy also was involved big time in the lawsuit against Arizona over its immigration enforcement and launched a three-year DOJ against Sheriff Joe Arpaio.

Looks like a big POS to me, right along with obummer!

Is it me or do all liberals look weird?

Hell why not? no better than any of the others and no worse than many, 6 in one basket and a 1/2 dozen in the other.

i wonder if he could find evidence of voter fraud in Chicago.

anything the a.c.l.u is for i'm against

Our so called leader loves activist nominations!The photo is priceless!.....

birds of a feather flock together!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

WARNING   WARNING   WARNING.

This man thinks the Costitution is an annoyance.

Socialist idiot! Now imagine if Bush appointed a kkk leader after ignoring a black mans right to vote! What do you think this media and its party would do? Right!

Consensus building requires trust. He has already proven in a major way that he is untrustworthy.

When Obama says a person is fair, he really means he will be overly fair to Obama's political objectives and not necessarily as to what is best for the people of the United States.  His statement was to demean Republicans.  He wants everyone to know if anyone who opposes him, is not doing it because of honorable intentions.  In all my years 75 of them, I have never heard a President continually to make statements of prejudgement as he does.  I hope Anerica gets tired of his negativity soon.  America has always sought the positive.  I guess those who voted for him love being in the doldrums of not knowing what will come next and if he will ever have actions that coincide with his promises.George!

This man is without question THE most radical, left-wing, socialist progressive nominated by Obama to a cabinet post to date.  It speaks volumes about Obama's politics and his ultimate agenda to change America for the worse.  God have mercy on us all.

His first order of business is to declare all border states “Gringo Free Zones.”

Another half breed fool in gov.,USA has no future!!!!The liberals are very quick to tell you how important it is to vote and in the next breath they are telling you its not important or to great of burden to verify that you are eligible to exercise this critical task for democracy.

Oh great!! An inept black president naming a civil rights Mexican type as labor secretary. Might as well remove the customs checks at the borders.

another communist.

Imagine Bush's head of the Civil Rights Division not prosecuting Klanners when they engage in voter intimidation, and then imagine what would happen if Bush turned around and nominated the Grand Kleagle of the Ku Klux Klan to a cabinet position where he would be deciding on discrimination lawsuits. That is exactly what's happened here with Obama nominating Tom Perez for labor secretary.

The black beast from revelations nominates a radical hispanic to continue his radical socialist agenda from within the higher government ....This is the guy that didnt see any reason to prosecut the black panthers who were attacking and threatening voters at the polling boothes ..he is a friend of the beast and the murderer eric holder

0bama and Perez would do to White people what that little German guy with the little mustache tried to do to the Jews if they could.

Perez should have had his law license revoked, just like Baracks &amp; Michelle..This guy is working under Eric Holder and crafted a pamphlet explaining to illegal aliens how they can avoid being caughtAIDS OR ABETSTo assist another in the commission of a crime by words or conduct.The person who aids and abets participates in the commission of a crime by performing some Overt Act or by giving advice or encouragement. He or she must share the criminal intent of the person who actually commits the crime, but it is not necessary for the aider and abettor to be physically present at the scene of the crime.An aider and abettor is a party to a crime and may be criminally liable as a principal, an Accessory before the fact, or an accessory after the fact.Mr. Perez was also President of the infamous Casa de Maryland. That pro-lawbreaking group crafted a pamphlet explaining to illegal aliens how they can avoid being caught. The organization has been funded by the likes of George Soros — the moneybags of the Hate-America Left — and by pro-communist dictator Hugo Chavez of Venezuela, whose oil company reportedly bestowed $1 million on the outlaw lobby. (Think about that if you're ever tempted to pull up to a CITGO station).

Here is just another typical fruitcake appointment that is given out because nobody with common sense wants the job.

Another gay halfbreed black/mexican fruit given an office by his butt-buddy Obama

Birds of a feather flock together, he is a RACIST and so is the President!!! It's that SIMPLE!!!u wanted your free entitlement votes now live with it, dont #$%$ about it, fix it or get out.

I would have expected nothing less from Comrade Obama.Most of his cronies are either liars,racist,borderline criminals,communist/socialist or a combination these.Just look at his previous nominations and appointments like Van Jones,a self identified communist.

"... a consensus builder"??? - I think he is just a left wing radical, which to my knowledge is not a "consensus builder" in any true sense of the word - just a left wing radical. But obama can say anything he wants and his stenographers in the “press” will simply parrot the party line.

What a Joke.A man that covers for the Black Panthers.Just the man we need working for the Labor Department, a man the makes his own rules as he sees fit. Again, what a joke.

Crack down on voter suppression? You mean like they way the Black Panthers were prosecuted? Oh right....

Obama's chief  civil rights enforcer in fighting voter suppression ....... AKA... Acorn agent in charge of getting illegal aliens to the polls as many times as possible to vote for the Democrats.I guess if we can have a community organizer for president, we can have have an illegal alien advocate as Labor Secretary. In the Obozo regime, the only qualification you need to occupy a cabinet position is that you're NOT QUALIFIED !!

Sometimes I think the President choses on purpose the more liberals he can find to anger  themore conservative people.  It sounds like revenge because he does not get his way.  Childish , absolutely. MR. President is it what they taught at Harvard or May be in Reverend Wright Church.

Thomas E. Perez     Perez     Perez      That sound like he from Mexico

OMG...where did they get this child. He will do nothing good in this position

Man this guy just surrounds himself with the most radical people he can find and liberals call the tea party extreme.  These people are just down right crooks.This Perez commie is another Van Jones with a law degree.

The Europeans are seizing bank accounts, Obama and now this guy for four more years. Inane, inept and feckless Repubs in Congress wailing and moaning and doing nothing. Government seizing wealth, governments seizing freedoms and liberties at the same time espousing American values yet acting directly opposite to those values.Watch closely my friends, the end times are here and it won't happen with the sounding of trumpets and bright light. It will happen slowly, insidiously, and from the back rooms of the officials we placed there.

Another corrupt half breed monkey.

black and hispanic america corruption at its best, the white american minority is a thing of the past, let these people go to there native countries and corrupt them,

Oh, Yeah ??? Whose Civil Rights: Has he ever defended the rights of Unborn Children who are being massacred daily inside their mothers womb?Has he ever come out defending the Civil Rights of those of us who have worked our entire lives and are denied the help given to those whose jobs have been collecting Welfare Checks and Food Stamps, that are used most of the time to buy cheap wines and six packs of beer?Has he ever prononced a word condemning any of the Civil and Human Rights violators anywhere in the world?No, Those are untouchables and that subject does not apply.

He can keep electing people to all these postions and the are all clueless and  corrupt.Not one person has done their job responsibly in this administration or been effective in a positive way. Hell he might as well hire Al-Sharpton for human relations in the White House.

..... so he's filling all those positions with High Yellers!

obama ...the root of all evil....

As if ObamaCare’s thirty-five hour work week and fifty employee mandates weren’t bad enough for the unemployed, now we learn this: A provision buried inside Obamacare will force many employers to pay an extra $63 per employee next year. Analysts say most of the cost will likely be passed on to workers. You think? “It’s caught most employers, if not all employers, by surprise,” said a health expert named Steve Wojcik. “They’re very upset about it.” Over the next three years, the Obamacare fee will fund a $25 billion account for insurance companies designed to cover higher costs associated with insuring people with pre-existing conditions. The government claims the fee will go down in 2015 and 2016 but there is likely no assurances of this. Additionally your friendly union folks who voted for Obama will get to pay the same fees wherever they may work.In other news, your friendly Vet’s costs are going to go up due to similar reasons, taxation on various types of equipment for Obamacare so all of you poor folks who may have to take Fluffy to the Vet for a procedure will be paying more there as well. Vets are no happy about it... Dentists and Vets heretofore unaffected by the onslaught against physicians will soon get to join them in their disgust. As physicians quit or go to cash based practices the Obama Administration threatens to allow more nurses and PA’s to take care of many of your injuries. Get ready for the lawsuits to fly as some patients in our litigious society start to sue due to unqualified folks working on them on occasion when things go wrong… Surely, it will be the Obamanites who are first affected…What goes around comes around...

Appearently the job of the Labor Secretary is to import as many illegal immigrants as possible , to get the votes to keep Democrats employed . Self-serving government = screw the people .Yet another "play it my way" "appointee" from the Oblah-blah camp.  So far, the big O has really covered his dark behind, but Brennan is still in question.  Congress AND Senate want answers from Oblah-blah, and they will get them.

Perez... another Obama Mexi-"CAN" man....  This president will be the downfall of the United States.As soon as the 2nd term is up he will leave the country because it will be run into the ground

This is the only president in history that hurts people for political gain.

One communist appoints another communist. Did anyone really expect Odumbo to appoint  an America loving constitutionalist patriot?

Perez HATES America as much as obama does,,,look it up!!!

another communist obozo puppet like the rest of the nominations

This guy is as big a Commie as Obama.

Obama FAILS AGAIN.

I look at that picture and think... welcome to my web said the spider to the fly!

Black panthers are against gun control. LOL. Gotta love it.the dominican republic has had an infestation of drugs and children trafficking....for labor of men like ammar harris.

Just what the progressives need and voter fraud expert.

Let the Tea Blocking begin.

This is like letting the fox guard the chicken coop. His hope is to get so diversified that the minority will always win by default.

You will now have to pass a Spanish Test to work here.

Not too sure about this guy Obama, think we all had enough of this wait and see bull, the country has been waiting and not seeing much of anything except more debt.

Well he looks the part.....hispanic #$%$.....it is what I have come to expect from this administration and in the future.  GOP won't save this country noiw,.....it is too late.....America likes being lazy..not working...government controlled so they are taken care of.....I am glad I won't be here too many more years to see it!

A Hispanic ? Another #$%$ Liar ! That's A Joke !

Obama is racist against white people. And thats why he wants to appoint Perez .because he is a racist to. Just look at his background

This dude looks like he could be a Black Panther...FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF &gt; All these slithering Snakes who are trying to RUIN our once Great Country !If they are not stopped there "will" be a REVOLT" = Big-Time !IMPEACH and beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee done w/ this fake !

Add Perez to Obama's Goon #$%$ Squad  : Hillary, Pelosi, Retzko, Blago, Jesse Jr., etc.

The liberals keep using the work "fair"...what exactly does that mean? Fair to whom ?

obama looks like he is thinking "With this guy we can screw every working class family"!

Perez could be Your Next President ! Lol !

Now let's see if the Republicans are really serious about minority outreach. Let's see how they will spend that $10 million for minority outreach to oppose Mr. Perez' nomination.

Obama still trying to align the planets.

This guy is out of the mainstream, even for a Hispanic.  I hope he gets rejected.

Hey joe blows why dont you loby for BoA to represent you.

Harris was arrested last year in Las Vegas in a 2010 prostitution case using the name Ammar Asim Faruq Harris. He was charged with robbery, sexual assault, kidnapping and coercion with a weapon, and police sought charges of pandering by force and felon in possession of concealed weapon. Court records show that case was dismissed last June.did the  assistant attorney general tell his two  bosses he would help  get this dismissed ?The destruction of America is nearly complete.  I honestly think it will end before 2016.

Newsflash:  Obama nominates a liberal democrat for a minor cabinet post.  News at 11...

Only in America could the most productive people who pay 86%of all income taxes be accused of not paying their "fair share" bypeople who don't pay any income taxes at all..

Just another POS that our Chief POS puts in a position to do more harm and further divide our nation.

How come everyone that Odumbo nominates always seems to be weird or shady looking and just about all look like they havn't bathed for weeks.

as the soviet national anthem plays in the background .

I say get rid of this Bureau anyway let the states make the law for employment!

Just another brown man destroying what the white man built...

Just another sorry #$%$ taco head/african getting a job becuase of affirmative action.

civil rights - here in a country that makes war on the tree and herb that's sustained generations - home invasions nitely an arrest every minute fills their #$%$ pockets and prisonland usa, our founding fathers would'nt even recognise these misery loving jerksWell looks like he is still building his little 4th Reich juust like Hitler. And history will repeat it's self once more when the American's defeat yet another Nazi style dictator.

now,whats his job title again.

This will be good, head of Labor, used to dealing with corruption and fraud.  Welcome to the big leagues!

Before 2016 arrives people will be demanding his Impeachment. We still have 3 years 8 months 12 days to go.

Love Obama?  Those of you who work and receive a reasonable health benefits from your employers.You most likely will have to pay a hefty tax on that benefit when Obamacare fully kicks in. Let's see how much you'll love him then when more hidden taxes will also kick in on your income.  This will also goes to subsidize what Perez will need to beat the working people down.

Another  tax sucking government employee and cry baby.  Can’t make a real living.

This guy is a bad person. Period. He is a racist of the highest order.

Yes sir, this is gettin excitin. You socialist boys better be getting geared up cause there's 49 mil of us ready for the fight, and  way less than half your people know or even care what's going on.

Hope this guy is smarter then he looks.

What else would you expect from an anti-American President like Obama?  The Department of Labor should be eliminated.  If all citizens are exactly equal under the law, all laws that include reference to special rights for groups or mention ancestry should be repealed.  If someone is here illegally the only right they have is to return to their home country.Why would you nominate a civil rights lawyer to a Department of Labor position? I guess it is the same thinking of electing a President who was a Senator for about 4 years, a community organizer and a college lecturer. In other words, he has never held a real job. What a joke.

Nothing new here the unions have been in bed with Barry's version of the Just Us Department headed by Eric Holder of the Fast and Furious fame, therefore, Thomas Perez fits right in where always was!

This is Obumbo getting the hispaci vite in line for 2012 elections of the house and senate. If he wins the US will be lost forever.

So he will use is expertise in "organization" to help with our current economic crisis.  I can see it now, more stimulus monies for big unions and making it even harder for small business to complete on the national level because of all his leg-work needed to land a stimulus job.  Not to mention the push for minority or disadvantaged businesses to flood the market with more rules and regulations to land a job.  Disgrace!!!

what labor?

JObar.  That's funny as hell! Because its true. I think Switzerland sounds good right now. One way ticket.

The US is headed full speed for destruction.

Well well,,,the pressure must have been horrid,,,he got his token Latino in. Let's all have a fiesta.

I'm 94 years old and voted in every election since I was eligible, except for military service during WW2, and have never seen an administration so inept, dishonest, hypocritical and bent on bringing down  a great nation. Makes me very sad!

Great Obama choice: a lawyer who never created any jobs in his life. God help us, for the voters don't understand what they have done to this country." But he could face spirited opposition from some Republicans lawmakers who say his tenure at Justice has been guided too much by political ideology. . ."He COULD face opposition? Are you kidding me with these roadblocks in Congress, that's a given.

For gods sake my fellow Americans, look into this man past. It will terrify you.

Hey, all you posters here... obama called him a consensus builder... do you doubt he who wants to be king??

Remember , this is only a nomination.

Thomas Perez supports SHARIA LAW. Hmmm, so many Muslims have been appointed into high offices of govt.Just passed law for Protection of Women, Gay,lesbian,bi,transgender, and illegal aliens now we see the opposite with Muslim supporter of Sharia Law.Osama Bin Laden quoted,"America will be destroyed from within".

Mr. Perez was also President of the infamous Casa de Maryland. That pro-lawbreaking group crafted a pamphlet explaining to illegal aliens how they can avoid being caught. The organization has been funded by the likes of George Soros — the moneybags of the Hate-America Left — and by pro-communist dictator Hugo Chavez of Venezuela, whose oil company reportedly bestowed $1 million on the outlaw lobby. (Think about that if you're ever tempted to pull up to a CITGO station).

From one #$%$ to another-yo job is to protect my black #$%$. Git to it boy!

This guy looks as #$%$ as a three dollar bill..............

"voter suppression, discrimination and police brutality"...Is that what qualifies you to head the labor dept?  Another activist added to the cabinet.

One more idiot, selected by an idiot to join the rest of the idiots.Obama is doing a good job of destroying the USA.  All his Islamicbrothers are proud of him.  WAKE UP PEOPLE OF THE USABEFORE IT IS TO LATE..  IT CAN HAPPEN HERE.Before spending his entire career in public service, Perez earned a bachelor's degree from Brown University in 1983, a master's degree in public policy from the John F. Kennedy School of Government in 1987, and a juris doctorate from Harvard Law School in 1987.Perez was subsequently employed by the federal government between 1989 and 2001, mostly in the Civil Rights Division of the Justice Department.Along the way, Perez either prosecuted or supervised the prosecution of a number of high-profile civil-rights cases, including a hate-crime case in Texas involving a gang of white supremacists who went on a deadly, racially motivated crime spree.He also served as deputy assistant attorney general for civil rights under Attorney General Janet Reno. Among his other responsibilities, he chaired the interagency Worker Exploitation Task Force, which oversaw a variety of initiatives designed to protect vulnerable workers.In addition, Perez served for several years as special counsel to U.S. Sen. Edward Kennedy, D-Mass., and he was Kennedy's principal adviser on civil-rights, constitutional, and criminal-justice issues.For the final two years of the Clinton administration, Perez served as the director of the Office for Civil Rights of the Department of Health and Human Services; his wife also is an Attorney for the Homeless People in Maryland; why are you Republicans so afraid of individual rights; the bassis on which our constitution was founded!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

We have very little voter suppression,what we have is voter fraud. that's what we have  to get straight. If you are legal you can vote. It's easy. If you are not a citizen you have no right in a voter both. Why doesn't the government understand this---never mind, we know.

2 Wicked P.O.S. in the same photo.

Mr. Perez, by the time he's done, will make it illegal to work for #$%$ Citizen who hasn't lived in Mexico for a minimum of 10 years and isn't married to a Mexican citizen and committed at least five (5) or more criminal acts IN ADDITION TO crossing into the United States illegally.That is what the democrats and RINOs are doing de facto so might as well make it de jure!

god help usbefore its too late

Barack Obama &amp; his choices = Epic Fail

Why does obama even bother wearing that little American flag on his suit?It's like putting a candy bar wrapper around a box of rat poison.

Obama is clapping because he knows this guy will help the crooks be better crooks. His agenda will help the 47% become 67% by this time next year and help more illegal immigrants than actual Americans.

To the US Senate, for the love of God, please do not confirm this political activist.

"has used his perch as the nation's chief civil rights enforcer to crack down on voter suppression, discrimination"...Ironic choice when the past two elections were ripe with reports of it. Would have been nice if he had stepped up to the plate on behalf of our service members and the early votes that just "happened" to arrive too late to be counted.This Thug is not good for America!

Was Karl Marx not available?

Just rearranging the chairs on the Titanic....

Just look at that insane gay pile of worthless sh__

Wow.. Does it ever end..

Attention Senate Democrats:If you want to end the sequester, I have a solution for you:Cut off all welfare and medical services to illegals and it would wipe out the sequester costs overnight.After all, we all know that Illegals can't vote, right?!  ;0) ;0) (Wink, Wink)

Does'nt this dumb as marxist communist, pinko President know any decent qualified people that he can appoint?

TWO RACISTS  !!!!

OMG......another career dud. SOS with this guy...........yazzzah mr prezzz I kan do dat. Knooo abala  engleeeshh .

Please turn him down, we are already going downhill.Reads like the song, A Bad Moon Rising... Ohhhhh F....

"I think he understands the role of the Federal Government is to help ensure that the rules of the game are fair.  That sure is an oxi-moron coming from the mouths of Washington DC.More protection for the criminals and less rights for the law abiding citizens.

This guy is another example of someone who's questionable activities and background  have been woefully under reported by the mainstream press. He is touted as having "has used his perch as the nation's chief civil rights enforcer to crack down on voter suppression, discrimination " yet why did he allow 3 of the 4 Black Panthers, who were violently threatening to supress votes and as such discriminating against whites to walk? If the situation were reversed and it had been a white supremacist group trying to keep blacks away from the polls 1) It would have been over reported 2) All of them would have been given long prison sentences 3) The head of the Justice Department who allowed 3 of the 4 to walk, would have been villified by the press and no doubt fired. Double standard? Damn right, and we allow it to happen

Good old chicago corruption is alive and well on d.c.

Dictionary:  Consensus Builder;  One who who mis-states the facts in order to push the left wing agenda and convince the ill-informed/naive' to believe in something that is false....See Global Warming, Obama, and US State Dept for examples...

Im really getting tired of some people saying the older white guys supporting the Republican party are repugnant pigs. I may have a few pigs out back of my place in Goodaire SC, but I am not a pig. On one of them cable news stations this woman said Rush Limbaugh acted and looked like a pig. Even if he does look a little like a pig , she hadn't oughta said that.

Political corruption at it's worst!!!

another racist being appointed by the one in the our house ....gees.... thanks you morons that voted him back in,I hope you all get what you deserve in the coming years

Another liberal distraction to stir up controversy. Obama does this to avoid dealing with the budget.

Thomas Perez, the next Secretary of the Department of AFL/CIO, SEIU, UAW, and NEA.This guy is a major SOCIALIST  !!!! Fillibuster we go on this guy !!!!!!

This man will have all Republicans wearing an (R) on our shirts and sent to camps to reeducate us all.....

OH - GOOD!

How do you go from pulling all the strings to pulling no strings? Aka Bush is up to something, aka dirty cookie jars.

Is there an antidote for cheap unprocessed wine? Aka Bush should have left the Magna Carta to the public.

another communist nominated by a communist--bring back the cold war when choices were clear.

sounds like the same #$%$ i heard when clinton was elected pres.never heard from you folks when bush was in office. just saying.

Another bio forcing his views on Americans....get rid of him.

Hispanics don't know the first thing about work. What a joke!

Wake up america- the national socialists are on the march-we gave hitler's germany the playbook from the progressives in the 20's- it's started all over again here in my Beloved country-. Zero respect for the laws of the land and another Yes Man for BO. Scary isn't It. 'Nuff Said'Yep, that's the guy involved with the Black Panther Voter Intimidation Coverup. Google Thomas Perez Black Panthers and the story comes up. I tried to put the link here but this comment service won't allow it, claiming it's SPAM.

this guy even looks like a thief   ..........

Democrats are friendly towards ;labor. Republicans are unfriendly towards labor. Folks, does it get any simpler than this? If all was right with the world, if republicans were unable to hypnotize blue collar voters, if all was right with the world, republicans could NEVER win a fair election. Workers FAR outnumber the true republican voter base and so republicans should never even get close to winning an election. You blue collar idiots must be stark raving insane to vote republican.

What a kiss #$%$ liberal.  He is an embarr#$%$ment to the hard working latino community.  Birds of a feather flock together.  Hear the latest?  Behind our backs the liberals are in Mexico selling the idea of welfare to soon to be illigal aliens.  Basically they are saying, get over here and we will give you free stuff.  Gracias obama.

Can some Liberal Democrat please explain to me whey the globalist politicians in the American government are carrying out  false flag attacks on schools and movie theaters to justify taking away our guns. Meanwhile, they are funding rebel in Syria trying to over throw a sovereign government. Also, they have sent 200 tanks and fighter aircraft to Egypt. 991 was an inside job to justify the war on terror. This is the mechanism that the U.N. is using to establish the NWO.

Just another stone in the eye of the people. Those of you that voted for him. Are you finally starting to get the picture of the man you voted in, is a bad man who doesn't care about making this country any better. Just wants to tear it down. Just think what it will look like 3 and 1/2 years from now. But in the end Obama you will pay for your actions. God will catch up with you in the end when he's ready. So your day is coming. And you won't enjoy it. That you can count on.

Looks like a press junket for the 3rd installment of Dumb and Dumber!

Barack Obama &amp; his choices = Epic Fail

He Has not done a good job in the past? Where do these People come from?

anything like obaama he isnt worth a #$%$The Evil within

This article makes it sound like Obama is only interested in making the latinos happy. Can someone please tell him there are some of us who are not latino? Get rid of sequestration if you seriously want to put the people to work in this country. This is the biggest jobs killing prez America has ever seen.

the token Mexican for obama. does he cut the grass at black house?

I hope all u dems love the food cubes and energy boards headed your way soon! Congrats on destroying your country! Agenda 21...sponsored by the UN embraced by Bloomberg!

What's one more simplton from the Harvard Dunce Factory going to hurt.  He was already on welfare at the DOJ anyway.  With his experience or producing absolutely nothing of any value all of his life, Secretary of Labor sounds like a good fit.

If theres a way to look like a #$%$, this guy has it down pat. He looks like another dumb a_ _Obama buddy. Yah, he will fit right in. Email your reps people, make sure Washington knows this guy needs to GO!!!!!! and not into office either.

thats a nothing job !! NOW head of welfare is something job !!!

Grand nomination, Dictator Obama, advise Tommy to go lick Monica, Natalie, red necked Skinner Rowlette, Tenney, Woodard, Shannon, Keohane, Mansfield, Hernandez, Campbell, Dzau, Feezor, Porter, Silverberg, your Dream Act Prostitute of Red Necked NC and my favorite, Klintworth, Smith, Challa, Epstein, Marson all of Duke Health out loud and I hope you, my corrupt family, Benton, Wiggs-Blackwell and Barron all end up living in the woods together with corrupt Judge Stephens and Crystal Mangum, Ryan Pot Packer while Minella of the NC FBI screws all of you in your mouths with his Italian Juice of Mafia US DOJ INJUSTICE.  GRAND SELECTION, GRAND, GRAND SELECTION, AND ADVISE LAURA LEIGH DREAM ACT ROWLETTE PROSTITUTE THAT I REALLY APPLAUD YOUR CORRUPT US DOJ AND NAME FEDERAL DEPARTMENT OF LOVES TO BLACKLIST YOUR FEDERAL WHISTLEBLOWERS PEREZ.  HOPE YOU ALL END UP BEING OPERATED ON WITH HYDRAULIC FLUID AT THE NUMBER 10 COMMUNIST HOSPITAL DUKE HEALTH!

perea is as crooked as the day is long, mark my words.  this will come out in time and when it does, so many will fall, remember that.

Look at these two CLOWNS !!!!!!!!!!!!!Guess the GOP will be planning another Block party

Monkey see Monkey do.  I couldnt imagine having lunch with this guy.  He is grotesque

He's a "consensus builder." LOL! That's a good one! Well in Obama's world I suppose he is, since the only "consensus" that matters is that all the radical left-wing racial grievance Socialists agree! Score another one for the Osasmabama admin! While they're at it, they should try to bring Van Jones back too; why not?

It's really funny the way democrats, from local politicians all the way up to Obama, continue to deny that they are Socialists...especially when you see things like the website for The Democratic Socialists of America state, point black, they support Democrats and Democrats support them. Why do they continue to deny that they are Socialists? I don't understand why they don't just own it; I had more respect for them if they stopped the lying...well, maybe a little more...

Once again, the GOP throws a wrench into Obama's decision, wasting our taxpayer dollars and causing havoc. Way to go.

obama is running out of people dumber than him to apoint....

Another minority nomination? It looks like Obamy is catering to the demographics that got him elected.

Well that's an easy job there is no Labor in OBUTTMA land

That scares the hell out of you, David, Wayne, Retarmy, David, Derrell, I'd seriously hate to see what (5) people look like because I'm sure I would laugh, because your all spewing on being misinformed speaking redoric that no one is truly interested in that was irritating and annoying the hell out of you but I'm sure I'm speaking with nit wits who don't have a college degree or can say they were on the frontline of war battle, its sad our men and women who do sacrifice there life for our freedom today I would think they would have more to say on the subject instead of the lunatics that are ranting and raving today, I guess that what you get for voting for Bush Jr the Anti-Christ so you've made your bed lie in it, and like it.

obama smells like wet a..    ss. lolHere is another WASTE of a person in office. I will suck your small Muslin #$%$ Obama the prick. what a waste Washington is. time to NUKE them all up there.

Who's up next for a Cabinet member?....

THIS GUY IS AN UNBASHFUL COMMUNIST..... He's going down

Have you not figured it out, yet? The more you whites don't trust a minority person, the more the minorities WILL will put their trust in that person! You will go alone as long as long as 85% of the stance benefits you!

Having a Mexican/Hispanic name does not make you Hispanic. Or did the website post the wrong picture?

I fully commend Honorable President Obama's choice.  It is true that a lot of Hispanics who are not citizens are none the less very contributing to America-- through their low paying jobs.  Much of the profit from those low--paying jobs goes to people with fat bank accounts.  There is also a well accepted concept that illegals were welcomed here with open arms because of their traditional willing-ness to work for very low wages---and because it is well known that they are hard workers.  They work as a strong team in our farm fields.  We could learn a lot from them, and from the Honorable Thomas Perez--who has an outstanding record!  Let the lessons begin.

All of you ignorant little republiCUNTS have your girlie pantie in a wad?.......LOYou idiots don't have enough sense to win an election, Maybe you girlie men will have to marry gays.

Good!  Finally getting somebody who will put some teeth back in labor.

Sorry, boys. President Obama will go down in history as one of the Great Presidents. We intellectuals write the history books. We're not the intellectual elite for nothing. We will make sardonic footnotes explaining the so-called "teaparty." College sophomores in the next generation will chuckle at their professor's ridicule of the outbreak of populist ignorance in the 2010 elections

I guess the Republicans march on with either a filibuster or a NO.  I wonder when they will start working for the people on the United States.  I guess once they see more seats lost in 2014 they might learn a little.  When they lose in 2016 they will then learn a lot about American citizens and what they really want.The Conservative sheeple don't want or know how to make their own decisions. They're too scared, too white, and quite frankly too lazy. It's so much easier to be told what to do by the likes of Rush Limpballs, The NRA or the Fox Entertainment Channel.....even if it's going to the bathroom.-Becker Head

Call him what you want at least he is not a KKK like you all are.

i'm just a simple white guy from kansas who started work at 16, quit at 65; it is pretty pathetic and yet somehow sweet to read so many racist comment from white folks on this page--sweet only because it is good to see the facts as they really are: white racists angry because they are not so much in control anymore!  White folks sure do like to judge others.  Don't worry though.  I am no racist.  Some of my best friends are white.

Sound's like to me every one on here is in fear of a brown nation la raza