Today is 2/24/2013.....how old is this story ?

So make sure you don't buy any silver. Make sure you buy stocks like good little SHEEP so they can rape you again.

Robert 👍

What's new. Silver and silver miners are always up and down. If your'e buying silver, plan on the long haul.

the more it drops the more I buy

The price is being driven down so investment broakers can buy as much as possible as cheap as they can. Once they have the reserves they want the price will go through the roof. Another example of how the market is manipulated by those who have the money. Nothing against money, but the manipulation is criminal

Cancel your cable bill and buy 3 oz of silver every month.

More naked shorts should do the trick. More phantom paper shares. Flood the market with paper silver; so the price goes down. They need the price to go down; so the manufacturers can buy on the cheap. One day that will not work though; and off to the moon we go. When that will happen is one heck of a guess. Though the next decade for sure (if we are even around).

I'll find your stash and take it and write you a check to make it legal.(sent from iPhone on the 14th green)

Merry Christmas !! Cheap PM's courtesy of the central banks. Keep on stacking !Mining companies are starting to cut production of Silver due to less profits because of cheap price for 1 oz of silver

yes we are overspending and printing too much money, but tieing the value of the dollar directly to a fungible asset is stupid.  A fixed supply asset can not adequately support a dynamic and growing economy.  Nor can it account for both M1 and M2.    If we were on the gold standard today, with the current supply of dollars in the world market, the price of gold would be $10k per ounce...

If silver drops in price it will be due to JP Morgan Chase using the silver paper market to drive down the price, it will not be due to supply and demand fundamentals.

Make Silver a Technical substance and get it out as a monetary instrument. Then we'll see it in the hundreds of dollars instead of the pennies it's stuck in right now

This is not about daddy gold and baby silver tagging along.  It is about old man gold (stuck in a trading range) and young man silver, chomping at the bit to race dad's car.  Silver has many more fundamental drivers that will forbid a price collapse or stagnation that gold might see.  Its new and rapidly growing industrial uses relating to its unique and BEST IN CLASS propeties of conductivity, antibacterial, and growing investor demand (poor mans gold) make it a safe play for the future from many aspects.  Ignore the paper market....yeah it is manipulated.  Also, since silver is often produced a a Cu byproduct, if teh world should enter recession and copper mining declines, there will be that much less Ag supply on the market. so why worry - pick up some undervalued Ag stocks and of course the physical stuff to enjoy on your own, sit back and watch the whle appreciate.  This is not rocket science.

Hank, you are silly to think printing more money increases it's value.

Gold &amp; silver will be here long after the green Dolar.

Gold and silver are the only way we have to protect the true value of our savings. Shortly the skeptics will realize that green paper has no intrinsic value.

The fools will buy gold as for again and again with short sighted hope.  I love my green paper as I am not losing sleep over night in thinking that it is going to lose value on the following day.Wake up short sighted dreamers, gold is overvalued and forget about silver as its supply is over taking the demand.

Silver will drop yes.......do not despair. While the fools in Government's and Bernanke continues his spin they will  continue to print dollars, the general puppet public run to the pecieved safe American dollar from Europe, it will be too late when they relise the American dollar is also worthless....that is when panic hits and gold and silver will skyrocket. When Europe crashes it wont take long then for the USA to follow, all because of greed and mismanagment. Mean while the East sits back and watches quietly. All though China cant hide the fact it has bought billions and billions of physical silver and gold, now there is a sign to follow if any. Dont loose heart hang on to your physical positions.If you dont have any get some, like yesterday, for eg potential silver price $1000.00 per ounze, dont believe me thats your choice, guess we will see in the not too far future :-)Summer will be good for miners again.  U.S. bumping up against debt ceiling with more downgrades in U.S. creditworthiness coming will signal flight to safety in gold and silver.  The debt problem continues to be unresolved by Congress, with both parties in full election mode.  No one wants to take any chances so drunken sailor spending continues unabated.  Markets will tank, profits for Q2 shrink, taxmaggedon looming with no solutions in sight, employment numbers will remain poor thru summer b/c that's a poor hiring season cyclically.  No good news coming anytime soon in U.S, Europe, China or anywhere else.

Silver will be South of $22 before it starts to recover..

I have the last word for you, silver will be good.

If you want silver to skyrocket you have to stop JP Morgan from manipulating the price. And the way to do that is to take physical possession. I use silversaver.com

Silver is gold's poor cousin.

***You got to do like I've done and check out the website “0iI Trading Academy,” they’re giving out their secret code videos for free! Check out and grab the opportunity!!!

I’ve checked out the website “0iI Trading Academy” and guess what I have discovered? They are giving their videos for free! Yes, Its FREE!!

Silver gonna bust?

If you do not increase the supply of money in a rational way, then prices would skyrocket.  The supply of gold and silver is finite.  The demand for goods, while not quite infinite, is damn close to that.  Ergo, if we use gold and silver for monetization, as population increases demand for goods, while increasing would impact negatively on economy because the prices would be too high, ergo depression.