I don't have a problem with people moving away from a country in an an attempt to better the lives of their family.  However if I moved to another country I believe that I should assimilate to that countries culture and not attempt to force my culture on them.

Amen!

And you French thought the American influence in France was your biggest problem....Hah!

Multiculturalism does not work. It is the definition of diversity which is a weakening factor. People come to Western nations because the way of life is better but the want to have the best of both worlds and that isn't possible. There is no such thing as a French-American, a Chinese-American, etc. Either you are an American of French heritage or origin, or an American of Chinese origin, but being an American should come first otherwise don't come. You cannot have all the benefits of the West and keep all your ethno-cultural advantages as well. The intent of immigration is to blend and assimilate, not use your culture to try to bludgeon your new country into submission. The Muslim immigrants in France and the UK are terrifying. In London whites are leaving the city in record numbers; in France there are areas where police do not go. And I am only using America because that's where I live, the same situation exists in Germany, France, Canada and we in the US are learning nothing from what is happening in France and the UK. There was a recent article in the Telegraph newspaper in the UK about parts of London where the Muslims have over-ridden the population and have started enforcing their Sharia law by vigilante groups...frightening and coming soon to a city near you.

The problem is the third world breeding grounds are populating the advanced countries. They bring nothing to the advancement of the country, do not WANT to asimilate into the culture, and place huge burdens on public services.

The Muslims don't want to integrate, they wish to supplant.

They will never assimilate--they want everything on their terms.  We've seen in our town what's happened to public housing---no Americans live there anymore.   It's Little Islam!!! with Muslims from all over the world--living in subsized housing, getting every imaginable social service going, having their children get 3 meals a day, getting free everything.  They dictate the terms---and the stupid, totally besotted PC Americans (whom the Muslims disdain and hate) dance to their tune.See anything wrong with this picture, folks, about what's coming to your town?

France was invaded and conquered.  The French people just have not noticed.

There are areas in France and even in Paris that are so heavily Muslim hte police will not enter.

Soon non-muslims will be attacked for not obeying sharia while walking through "muslim neighborhoods". A woman in make up will be slashed or raped because she wandered into a block that is mostly muslim. It has begun to happen in London already, and will be common in Paris VERY soon.

I've been preaching about this for years here in the U.S.  If we continue to allow them into this country, it's going to get bad, really bad.  They don't assimilate, they come here and want us to follow their rules.  Again, common sense, out the window!Political correctness crashes head on with reality .....

If you immigrate to another country, you asimalate to thier customs, no if's am's or butts.

Multiculturalism is what brings down great countries. And, there is never a good reason to have multiculturalism. The whole point of being in a country is to be one with others. Assimilation is the best glue any country can have.

This is not a story of diversity; these folks don't want to integrate - they want to change the current culture to fit theirs.

How do you expect these people to fit into society when the women wear burkas to cover their faces?Its good for nobody and there is no reason to allow them in.

The original concept of immigration to the U.S. was right. Control the number of people from each country coming into the U.S.A. so that they could meld into our Society and not overpopulate any one people. We are in BIG trouble with what is happening in all Countries, because people coming into countries to make their lives better,  are NOT assimilating into Society, they are TRYING TO CHANGE EVERYONE TO THEIR WAY OF THINKING AND LIVING. This is especially true of Muslims. Open your eyes and look around people.

Muslims are a plague on the devolped world. They are to busy infighting to have time to devolop anything useful. They imigrate to other devoloped nations and demand social services. At the same time they are trying to subvert our nation,and the rest of the world.

The only real option for France is to round them up and ship them out to country of origin. Harsh but best for France.

Allow third world races to run rampant with immunity to laws, protection of the "race card", give them more rights than the rest of the people including legal citizens, and then give them "free" unlimited handouts and the end result is always the same: the death of that country, starting with it's economy. If the ancient Roman Empire wasn't enough of an example to learn from, just look at the current United States.

Muslims hate Europe but they love collecting the welfare benefits.Dont understand why Muslims immigrate to the fashion and wine and art center of the world when they do not embrace those attributes.

Oh, boo hoo, cry me a river.  Muslims don't want to integrate or assimilate. They just want the welfare and to raise hell incessantly and without being brought to task on it. They're ghetto rats in their own countries and they're ghetto rats in France. They do not want to change.

"It is they who don't want us to integrate."  Nope, sorry that's BS...it is up to YOU to learn the language and assimilate.  People need to take responsibility for their own lives.

Deport , Deport , Deport,..........Send them all back wher ethey came from. No questions asked. No questions answered.

The Islamic faith is like a cancer for anyone allowing it to grown and fester in their country. The French are fools, so is the US for our PC stance on these backward, vicious animals.

the muslim virus will soon kill the host....

they ruin EVERY  culture they touch. am i racist? motherukking right

These immigrants don't want to live in "France", they came to France to live in a better "Africa"

Does anyone actually believe you can allow a Fox in Hen-house and expect it to assimilate?  Even if you dress one up like a chicken, it will never, never, never be a chicken.  This is a truth we better learn very quickly in America or risk becoming a third-world country in 10 or less years.  I'm not saying that being a Chicken is better than being a Fox, I suggesting based on ample history that the Chicken and the Fox cannot live in harmony together.

The Muslims are taking over France. Thanks to all the liberals and liberal media. Coming to America next!Funny the photo doesn't look like France. I thought it was in a third world country in the middle east.

Britain also needs to abolish the Commonwealth and expel all the Muslims from Pakistan, Kenya and other Islamic nations that were part of the Empire. That gutter religion will be the downfall of modern Europe and will usher in a new Dark Ages with that ignorant fundamentalist superstition.

But you see it's not a "melting pot" when some groups refuse to "melt" or assimilate and want to force their beliefs, language, religion, laws and cultures down their host country's throat. The French ARE color blind. They welcomed blacks and accepted them while England and USA were using them as slaves. But when immigrants disrespect French Law and want all kinds of special considerations like posing for ID pictures wearing face veils, then they're "pushing it." And when they blow up trains and buses, they are pushing it. And when they riot and protest for rights that even the French don't have; then they are "pushing it."

France has every right to their national identity.  The French are big on assimilation, a unified culture of all things French.  They have never advocated a melting pot and have basically told all immigrants that if they want the privilege of French citizenship and all the benefits that come with it, then they must assimilate--meaning, they must learn the language, adhere to their laws, adopt their customs and cultural norms.  It doesn't matter if you're American, German, Moroccan, Algerian, etc--they require this of all foreigners that become immigrants (my husband is half French, half Moroccan).  The problem that has developed in France is a large influx of immigrants/refugees who primarily establish settlement within the confines of one neighborhood.  What happens (and what has happened) is that these neighborhoods become micro-societies that continue with their native language, culture and customs.  They do not assimilate into their host nation but instead they continue to live, communicate and function much the same way as they did in their previous country.  They want to be French citizens and yet they refuse to become French.  They try and make demands upon the French government to recognize their former national identity.  France does not operate that way--they are not the United States, whereas here in the United States we do not have a singular cultural identity, we are comprised of all ethnicity.  That's what makes the United States unique and different than most nations on this earth.  However, other nations, like France, China, Iran, England, etc--they have national, cultural and linguistic identities.  For someone, anyone, to immigrant to one of these established nations, it is required that you assimilate.  If they don't like France and want to continue living like they did in their former country, then they should move back there.  France will not tolerate any ideology that poses a threat to their nationality.

Liberalism has destroyed France and it is well on it's way in destroying the US as well.

"A full 70 percent of those questioned felt there were "too many foreigners in France." The finger was pointed, above all, at those of the Muslim faith."But that doesn't stop the politicians from pushing through their NWO/Globalization agenda. Just like in the US, the notion of a sovereign nation is long forgotten by the elitist leadership on both sides of the aisle.

muslims do not assimilate, they infest.multiculturalism does not work, and there has never been an example of it working since mankind

Sure, accuse the French of not letting them asimilate, yet refuse to learn French, wear buqas...sound familiar.  The mantra of minorities is to refues to be accountable, always blame someone else for your failings, but happily take freebies.

Id take mexicans over muslims any time

All these id(iots) want to come to Western Christian countries and then destroy them.  Notice they are not trying to go to Haiti or the Congo.  Go to European Countries and then destroy them and turn them into cesspools resembling their countries of origin.The US, France, England etc. have great (despite the annoyances) governments compared to Mexico, Iran, Iraq, North Africa etc. It's too bad if your from one of those horrid countries, but if you come to one of this finer countries don't expect to be greeted with open arms. It's because of their lack of education, and the cultural difference. It amazes me how the people from 3rd world countries get all offended when they enter into a Westernized country and aren't graciously welcomed considering if the shoe were on the other foot we Westerners would be beaten and stoned in the streets first chance they could get.

Throw them all out now before it's too late.

We have areas in America where people don't speak English.

One of my two memories of France was a time when I was driving through the country and I stopped to buy some cheese.  One package of cheese and I was very haughtily told by an employee to put my cheese in a basket.  I didn't mind doing that, but she just wasn't friendly at all.

Europe, committing Cultural suicide. Will we do the same? Take a look, we are not too far away from that bastion of socialist ineptitude  that promotes itself as cultural Marxism.. When muslims are the minority, they want to diversify. When they become the majority, they institute Sharia law and burn Christians out of home and Church. I don't blame the French for wanting to stay French and preserving their culture. We should do the same here, in America.

A fool and their country are soon departed.Well France is a socialist welfare Country. They are complete fools to think these termites (muslims) will ever join the human race.

The french are disappearing from the invasion of the Muslim hoards. There are whole towns that French is not spoken. You can not find a bottle of wine or French restaurant. The great idea of assimilation is alive in well in France. But it is the French that are being assimilated by the Muslim world. A lesson for the Americans to learn.

40% unemployment?  That must be the "European model" our President talked about, you know, the one he want to bring to America?  2008 election the European model was everywhere.

There is not enough racism in America to keep anyone from being who they want to be.  I am sick and tired of the left running us down and claiming whites are the oppressors.  Where in the world can you find the richest black people, brown people, yellow people in the greatest amount?  Why, only in America.  It was the whites who stuck up for the minorities.  Those who were racist were always in the minority or we would have never overcome what we have in the last 200 years.  It's time people start asking themselves every day "how can I be a better person and improve the lives of those around me?"  The selfishness we are born requires us to make a an effort to overcome it every single day.

##41206.03/17/13"…the daily realities of the French-style ghetto…"If facing facts became French common fareThe unions for great change had best prepareBut what they claim that ought the people seeIgnore will people who think they are freeFor changes they eye, to not really care.It would be smart for USA and european to reduce immigration numbers and try to give jobs to their own citizens first....

This 'journalist' is trying to make it look like the Muslim population is being discriminated against. Ha!  They aren't the least bit interested in assimilating. The ONLY thing they are interested in is having their own little country inside a country that puts up with their barbaric ways.

The muslims are destroying every country they can get into. They arent allowed in Japan.

The French will figure it out.  Only too late.

Islam is a virus...

Solution is simple, take away all benifits, there will be a few riots, but eventually they will start to leave. If the US had a policy of 0 benifits, even for anchor babies, and had a 2 yr limit on welfare for US citizens, our problems in those areas would dissapate. Flies only come around when theres (S) H i (t) to eat.....................

The key word here is assimilation. There is no attempt to assimilate, after all, why should they? If the Muslims were forced to assimilate they would simple stop coming, or they would  rebel. The Muslims believe it is the French citizens who must assimilate to Muslim laws and customs. One of the things that scares people the most is the women covered from head to toe with black clothing with just a little slit for there eyes to see out. Their outfits screams repression and intolerance and bring to mind a horrible scene from the middle ages. The only thing that seems to be missing is a cart passing by loaded with dead bodies from the plague outbreak.

In the end excessive diversity is almost always a curse and frequently the cause of conflict.

Why have we become so wimpy? Protect your family and your country, and have the balls to say NO!! Ask the Jews and Irish people that went through Ellis Island how hard it used to be to get in here.  Assimilate or we dont Accommodate. And WE are the ones that determine if YOU get a chance to stay, not the other way around. Its pretty simple. There are good immigrants and bad immigrants, just like good house guests and bad house guests. Im pretty nice and love to entertain guests at my home, but that doesnt mean the Manson family is welcome for chrissakes! We need to grow a spine again.

Multiculturalism does not work.  All cultures are not equal.  The swiss watch and Chartres Cathedral and the African machete and hut are not the same no matter what lies the Ideologues repeat.It has always amazed me that everything in the US is now in English and Spanish. The problem I have with this is what about all the other immigrants to this country? The Russians, Czechs, Japanese, etc. do not have the luxury of having Their native language posted everywhere, or available by phone where you "press 1 for spanish".  Is this fair to the other immigrants? No it is not.  The other immigrants either learn English or they struggle. It is that simple.  "When in Rome..."

France has allowed their country to be overridden with Muslims, and it has destroyed the country.

Europe is just beginning to wake up to the issues associated with multiculturalism.  America has always been (for the most part) a melting pot.  Europe, on the other hand is just beginning to stir that pot.  They are experiencing changes to their culture, customs etc.  In the years to come "being French or German" may have a whole new meaning.

France told the people in the colonies that they were just like French citizens.  The people in the colonies, like French Algeria, took them up on it.  This is the result.

Muslims women want to wear the Hijab (veil) while taking drivers license photos.  Muslims have rioted across France.  Muslims don't integrate, they demand the country change to muslim ways.  Muslims conquer, they do not integrate.  Even the French see this.

Can the idiots in Congress take a look at the disaster in France before making this country the United States of Latin America?

The French now like the Germans better than the Africans.

Wanting you, your country and your culture to survive a foreign onslaught does not make you a racist in spite of what the invader like's to scream.The poltical leaders of the civilized  country's, better quit worrying about the selfserving  (P.C.) rhetoric of these  immigrant invading armies, and start standing up to this garbage  if we ( 1st world country's) are going to servive. These are not an enlightened species flooding our lands.

newcomers from afar assimilate into the French culture, becoming one with it whatever their origins  == therein is the great lie, no country asks and no immigrant cares to assimilate anymore, the underlying issue. The reason they need to leave their countries is because their culture does not work. Yet, they want to bring their culture with them and countries are all to willing to let them.  Again, where they come from, their culture does not work, if it did they would not have to leave. It is like thinking moving will solve your problems, unless you are willing to change you are just bringing the problems with you

This article like many others AP is running is to meant to make white people feel guilty for the color of their skin. A pox on them and Yahoo.The root word of diveristy is DIVIDE. That fact just kills you liberals, doesn't it? And Divided we shall fall. The French are well on their way to losing their national identity to these third world barbarians; just like we are here. The only difference is that theirs comes from Africa and the Middle East, ours comes from Mexico.

Sadly, England is going the same way  !!

that so called diversity will be the death of the french republic as more and more welfare seeking africans both north and south will destroy them and as most of those immigrants are muslems you can guess what will follow

Muslims dont assimilate. They want to take what you have and force you to believe what they believe. Shut it off, freeze immigration for 10 years, let it settle down, and make them stay where they are for a while. Sorry that's not PC but the people that were here first should have more rights than the newbies coming in. There is no more room in the Inn.

What a loss to civilization, if we lose French Culture to these rodents known as Muslims.

Our greatest strength is not our diversity--it is our unity and it's vanishing fast.

Turning France into the same manure hole they came from.

What a crock!  OK, how many blacks have ever run for President of France?  How many blacks are in their national legislature?  A few years ago there were widespread riots, property destruction and car burnings by Muslims.  I don't recall that happening in the USA.  No where on Earth have blacks done better than in the United States of America.  If anyone can tell me a nation that has offered more opportunities for blacks than the USA, please educate me.

Muslims plan on taking over the world. It's no secret.

To survive, Americans must never lose the power they now enjoy to people from alien cultures. Above all, don't put yourselves to the test of fighting only when your backs are against the wall. You will probably fail.Millions around the world want your good life. But make no mistake: They care not for the high-minded ideals of Thomas Jefferson and George Washington, and your Constitution. What they want are your posessions, your power, and your status.Diversity is a socialist farce. Would you allow a family of foreign origin to permanently move into your home and continue to follow their culture and laws which stand against everything you believe in? Who refuses to follow your rules and blasphemes your God? A family that depends on you to feed and clothe them while snubing your wishes? one that refuses to learn your language but expects you to learn theirs?.....  Well not in my house.

The Muslims that have moved to western countries have worn out their welcome and need to go home. Matter of fact, the Muslims still in their home countries have worn out their welcome on the planet. The solution is coming, they either go back to he planet they came from, or perish. Go ahead with the comments, the thumbs down or the laughter, but think about it, can they really be from this planet?  I think not.

Looks like Detroit.  Coming soon to a city near you.

The thought of Muslims integrating into any modern society is just laughable. What other ethnic group/religion supports homicide bombings, honor killings (talk about an oxymoron), and beheading ppl bcuz of their religion? Thats right, NOONE. The muslim parasite through out history is a plague on the world. Muslims are committing atrocities in every corner of the planet all in the name of Allah.

"It's a model founded on the invisibility of differences," Simon said.  Sounds more like a model of Detroit.

France is lost.

I would like to see muslims wiped off the face of this earth. They have ruined every western country they enter. We have to be out of our minds to allow this infection in and if we do not come to our senses it will get much worse.

The only good muslim is a dead one. Deport them all from all western countries and block the immigration of those maggots for ever.

the downfall of europe is at hand

Diversity= you accept them, but they will NEVER accept you.That's what happens when immigrants come to your country!  They sit and wait for handouts!

I have seen all of this BS that I can take. White Europe should have learned long ago that multiculturalism (especially Islamic) is a sad joke. It will lead one day to civil war. All those #$%$ politicians who allowed in this north African Muslim population will one day see the throats slit of their grandchildren when civil war comes. My only advice to Europeans is this: Take your politicians into the squares and hang them. Next, retake your country and preserve it for your descendants by stopping immigration and deporting. For the second generation rats, make life so miserable for them that they will emigrate back to where the parents came from.

Every country should embrace and be able to protect their sovereignty.  This includes not just their borders, their ways and means of life that make that country different and unique.  Anyone who enters another country and establishes a residence, needs to do so with the intent of leaving where they came from completely behind.  You left, you give up whatever customs, laws, etc., that were from that country and now need to learn and live by the customs, laws, etc., of the country you are now in.  You must learn those laws, traditions, customs, language and such.  If you feel you cannot do that, then you need to stay where the F &amp; U % C -K you are.  Simple as that.

It has come to light that those that migrate into other countries do nothing except to expand their way of life. It can be seen all over europe and more so within the US and it will only get worse. When they allow the 11 -12 million to become citizens there will be a blight released upon now decent neighborhoods, they will become infested yes I said infested because they bring down current life styles to raise theirs so WHO loses we will become a pock marked country of barrios.

The French are paying the high price of lost national identity for their misguided "diversity" experiment.

Do people not see how every place in the Western World that African's migrate to become slums.

Around the world, Muslims seem to have trouble getting along with their neighbors.

Coming to America, already here. Open borders, no IDs , paying them to live here with free school and health care, won't arrest or deport, going to give immunity, let more and more in.

Immigration is an interesting topic. Due to more machines taking over human work, developed countries eg USA, european countries jobs going to third world countries  with cheap labor eg india, china, developed countries eg USA these days cannot provide enough jobs to its own citizen (result is high unemployment and 1 in 6 Americans are on food stamps), why should developed countries get more immigrants ???

Same thing has happened in England..The parasites are invading. Get out the bug spray.

Just because you can't use race as a statistical variable doesn’t make you colorblind. This is the epic fail of liberals all over the world, no matter how many laws you pass you can't make a cat bark.

The proliferation of Islam in France may be a brutal cure for the blindness there.

Diversity means accepting the least common denominator.  This means mediocrity becomes the norm and the rule for judging political correctness.  Is this what you want?

So I guess this article writer thinks the streets should be named Omar, Mohammed and #$%$ like that?

"Delinquency soars and the unemployment rate is estimated at some 40 percent, nearly four times the national rate. "Diversity is great!!!!

This is what happens when this muslim vermin is allowed to infiltrate your country. Just take a look at Dearborn, Michigan. And the local governments catering to this filfth.

The Muslims are like a tick that moves in on it's host. First one tick, which soon grows to thousands of ticks, all gorging themselves on the hosts blood util the host slowly dies.

If it's so bad in France, why don't they go back home?

If the Obamacrats have their way, France's problems with immigration and assimilation willbe miniscule in comparison with America's!  "Give us your tired, your poor.." was theoriginal American version.... now the immigrants are telling the U.S. "give US your government handouts, your cities (by section according to our needs) and let us conductourselves as a separate nation while you continue to subsidize our existence!   GoodbyeAmerica...we knew ye well!immigrants want all the benefits without earning it..same story everywhere.

It's bad enough that I have to listen to a computer tell me to chose whether I want to speak English or Spanish.  Now, the last time my husband was in the emergency room, there was a sign on the wall, and at the bottom, you could see that it said it also had people who spoke Spanish, French (I am in Louisiana), Vietnamese, and now Arabic.  I just wonder if these nations do the same for Americans.

Every one needs to wake up, the Muslims have already taken over Dearborn Mich.and that's not a good thing

'Colorblind France'  Well, Muslims are colorblind.  They believe they have the right to poke kids and beat and rape women of any color.  But I guess the rapes and beatings are much more satisfying when the victims are infidels.

when the next war comes, it will be every where, so be ready, you will know your enemy by sight

Take note USA, if you don't want the same thing happening to us, better get a hold on immigration and the illegals in the country.

The famous actress Bridget Bardot tried to warn her country about the Muslims. But what happened to her? They accused her of being a racist, charged her with hate speech and took her to court and she lost!! France is pathetic.

France is close to losing their country to the immigrants they've allowed in.  These groups are not interested in integrating into the French society, but are bent on taking it over when their numbers are great enough.  The Socialists system of government the French have endorsed only hastens their demise because it gives these immigrants the means on which to live while depleting the French financial system to the docile take over coming.  .

So the French still don't know the difference between ignoring a problem and solving it.

Within the decade France will be a predominantly muslim country. Shortly afterwards France will be ruled under sharia law.Muslims don't assimilate, they come to your country to make Islam the law of the land.

REVELATION HAS BEGUN

Unchecked immigration........another failed liberal Idea!!

THe hypocrite bleeding hearts are the ones who often lecture on diversity yet they live five miles from the nearest community of welfare moochers. They would also be the first to complain if a group of 20 Somalis or Pakistanis moved next door.

Everyone is prejudice (NOT RACIST) to their own kind. If you're not, youre a freak. That doesnt mean you're disrespectful and hate someone else, most dont, but of course we all pull for our own. Thats why when you watch your kid play sports, your eyes are on him/her most all the time. Ask Grandma who the cutest kid on the playground is right now, and see what she says...... (It ain't gonna be YOUR kid she picks..lol) Meaning, there really is no such thing as a "melting pot". Its really a "stewing pot" of controlled toleration. It works for the most part (at least here in America), but we are just lying to ourselves if we say it doesnt bother us to have a massive increase of foreigners infringe on out turf. Thats just what a human being does. If you disagree, then why dont you just let them all come to YOUR house, stay as long as they want, eat your food, and have all the same privileges of the house that you do? Because youre a nice person, but you ain't that nice! Immigration must be controlled and the home owner should have more rights than the visitors. That means having the balls to throw out who doesnt belong, and tell others NO. WE will INVITE you in when we have the need. What happen to common sense?

Napoleon will be the next to go. Good luck France it is not your grandfather's country anymore.

Colorblind France?  When did that happen?  The French have always been xenophobic and racist; it just depends on the "group."  Now that muslims are destroying French culture and society they have entered that "group."

looks like even the frenchies are getting tired of the crime that blacks and muslims bring to any place they go

And now we will eat the bitter fruits of "Diversity" and "Multiculturalism".  Our homelands are being destroyed by the policies of gov't. leaders that had no fear of immigration because they believed their positions of power and their money would always shield them from its' outcome.

Well, if you tried dressing like normal citizens, it may help you to integrate.Annihilation by AssimilationNobody is saying that Africa needs diversity.Nobody is saying that Asia needs diversity.They are already 100% diverse.People are only telling white children in white countries that they need diversity.White countries will be 100% diverse when there are no white people left.Diversity is a code-word for the genocide of white people.Every white country on earth is supposed to become multicultural and multiracial.Every white country is expected to end its own race and end its own culture. No one asks that of ANY non-white country.The Netherlands is as crowded as Japan, Belgium is as crowded as Taiwan, but nobody says Japan or Taiwan will solve the RACE problem by bringing in millions of third-worlders and assimilating and intermarrying with them.Everybody says the final solution to the RACE problem is for EVERY white country and ONLY white countries to bring in the third world and assimilate with them.Immigration, tolerance, and especially assimilation are being used against the white race.All this immigration and intermarriage is for EVERY white country and ONLY white countries.Anti-white is called anti-racist, but it leads to the disappearance of one race and only one race, the white race. The real aim of anti-racism is to wipe out the white race or make it a minority anywhere it exists.It is genocide.

Than God the people of France have stopped being so damned liberal and recognize that letting people in who wont adjust to where they moved doesnt work. "Where many residents dont speak French". I think that says more than anything. Then I suppose they want the French to let them block roads for their prayers to the child molester. Unreal, they come to these countries on their free will and expect that country to adjust to them instead of them adjusting to the new place. Gee, and people wonder why these muslim immigrants are despised by the people who live there?

I wonder why no one likes muslims - not even other muslims...

In the near future we'll be no better than France.

People have a tendency to want to be with people like themselves.  It's human nature.

How is this any different from America, do we have racial harmony in the US ? This is a grand experiment that is proving to be a total disaster and wait til our economy collapses completely, then the fireworks will be something we don't want to think about.

I'm sorry but I think new immigrants are a pain in the #$%$ in every country. In the U.S. people who can barely say their own name know the words EBT and Medicaid.

Disgusting picture.

Colorblind France?  That's a joke...........

when in Rome do as the Romans do or  just get the HE-l OUT AND NEVER COME BACKThere "are too many Muslims if France"?  There are too many Muslims.(that's a period)

See what you get for your liberal, progressive, socialist ideals.Culturally undermined and racially destroyed by another people that hate you.Using your own ideals against you in a historic term.

"multiculturalism." Will see France divide into 2 countries within 10 years.  Lets bring millions of people to our country and let them use there langauge, not  mix with other groups, no accept our laws, live in one area......Wait we already are doing that..............Cliff up ahead!!

The French are nasty.  The French deserve the Muslims.

If the "west" is so evil, why have millions of Muslims chosen to "vote with their feet" and emigrate there?

Colorblind France?  They are one crime away from massive race riots.  Traditional French want the Muslims deported.

Well, heck France.  Don't worry about it, after all you are only being fair.  After all, Muslim men deserve their pedophile and woman beating/raping 'rights'

I was in Paris for New Years at the Eiffel Tower. They made the Metro free that evening so the people in suburbs could get there for free. The cops brought buses, and buses of extra police. Still, it was not safe. These free riding immigrants stabbed several people, and robbed scores. A couple days latter we were at the Louvre, strolling through the beautifully carved hedge garden, we encountered the immigrant trinket mafia. A group of black men surrounded my girl friend and I, and very aggressively demanded that we buy the tin Eiffel they were selling. When I refused they started trying to intimidate my girl friend. After sending a few of the over the hedges, and explaining to them in my harsh Texas slang that they would not intimidate me, they backed off. As we made our way out, we noticed one of the same group, squatted down, taking a #$%$, in the open between the hedges of the world famous garden. There was a cop nearby, and we told him what these men had done to us, and pointed him out in the middle of his growler, but the cop said there nothing he could do. We saw a lot in Paris, but very few French People.

Muslims lik Mexicans don' assimilate.  La Raza (the Race) and Mecha has long advocated Latin supremacy over Anglos and other races.  And at one time advocated militant actions called reconquista to annex the American. South west into a new Latin American country called Repiblica Del Norte.  Well, there dream is partially coming true by the influx of millions of illegal who now reside in the US.  Muslims living in France are on the same path. Wait long enough and France as we know it will be no longer.

This is what the our politicians want to do to usMust be able to speak French and hold down a job or say bye bye to visa. There are plenty of  countries that are already majority Muslim, France does not need to be another one.

I think we had a better planet when we weren't so "global."  Borders should mean something.

The Frogs are getting what they deserve. So much for the canard of "assimilation." What if the folks going there don't want to assimmilate? You know, like here. There are places in LA where they don't even speak English anymore. Go to the Central Valley of CA. The same thing. Assimmilation is a farce. So is "diversity."

It's not diversity. It's African and Islamic immigrants who don't assimilate and instead engage in ethnic cleansing of areas they want for their own kind only

Seems France is still on a downward spiral in society.

Europe accepted all these muslim immigrants because they stopped procreating - they need new labor to sustain their economies.  The irony, however, is that these immigrants refuse to work, refuse to accept new culture and values, and end up relying on welfare of the state and rioting at the same time.   Europe needs to change to find organic growth in order to survive.

The Muslims are going to win this one. They have NO intention of assimilating with other cultures. Their goal is to eventually RULE Europe. This they will do down the road. Only Liberal FOOLS think they will give up their death cult ways.

Isn't liberalism great?

Yep, the liberals answer to everything --- build another "Project" and throw money at them :-)

Let me interpret the article in politically incorrect terms, they are over run with Muslims and the natives are scared to death.The Muslims have no desire to assimilate.  They want to be given all the advantages of the societies they invade, while continuing to treat women as chattel, butchering anyone who disagrees with their perverted religion, and spreading their diseased theology.

france is being invaded by muslims.the US is being invaded by muslims and mexicans and our government who took a oath to protect the citizens is doing nothing.ALL FOR VOTES TO STAY IN POWER.

How does France like being colonized?

The old expresion ,Birds of a feather flock together still holds true even today,Most people feel more comfortable living around their own culture and race,The liberal mindset is to destroy free choice and association!!

Don't worry, Obama will protect our rights, er I mean their rights.

Almost all these third world immigrants (and especially the illegal aliens) not only do not want to integrate, and have cultural prejudices about doing so too. They think it will make them western (civilized), and/or Christian, and don't want that foreign (to them) stigma. Who moves people into a house, or apartment, and then after they move in tell them what the rules are? No one, you give them the offer of a contract that unambiguously states what is expected of them before they even leave their own country; and if they do not live up to their end of the contract agreement, the contract will also contain the actions upon default.

The muslims, mexicans, etc. aren't migrating with any intention of learning the language or assimilating to whatever given country they are invading. It's to get whatever they can for free, having as many kids as possible, and eventually taking over without firing a shot.

Invasion and conquest, slowly, two shoes at a time, no one will hear you or see you until it is to late.

"Liberte et Egality" until Sharia takes over when the muslims become the new majority. This is a lesson. If you think that your culture and its values are worth preserving, then you do not allow outsiders to pervert it through buzz words like "diversity". Use the islamic countries' example of intolerance and death for non-muslims on them.

Muslims don't blend,they intend to take over.Shoot them where ever you see oneFrance...see how easily you gave your country to diaperheads....Now, stick your heads between your legs and kiss your country goodbye!  French fools!

My mom is French and Irish and I have visited France with her several times and had no problems (my other half is Sino-Vietnamese) simply because we both speak French and enjoy the culture and history.  The problem with assimilation in France these days seems largely due to the fact that arrivals over the past several decades seem generally to show a lack of interest in the prospect.Yes, there will be discrimination shown by the dominant culture from time to time, ranging from sublte to ferocious, just as is the case in the USA.  But a majority of citizens of France and other European countries are willing to give their new neighbors a fair go.  This benevolent attitude can diffuse quickly if the new arrivals do not seek to assimilate or return the positve gestures.  Merci.

Coming soon to the shores of America...  Geez, I can hardly wait.  (Note my sarcasm!)

This is nothing new in France ,living in Europe for a number of years its very much like that in most.

I think anyone in a nonmuslim nation who wishes to continue living as a muslim and fails to assimilate should be sent back to their country of origin. When in rome..... A good point.

Filthy Muslims!!

excerpt:  Even Muslim immigrants from France's former North African colonies, many in their third generation, and making up a large portion of residents of Les Bosquets, are far from melding with the mainstream.answer:  duh!!!! muslims don't fokkking assimilate!  what part of that fact....does everyone in the civilized world have a problem understanding?

Europe should have learned their lesson when they  kicked them out  14th and 15th century. We should learn the same lesson,

Countries and a way of life come and go.  Must be time for France to become a Muslim state, the French are the cause of their own collapse. Look at the Roman Empire and all the others that died.

Been saying it for years.........MULTICULTURALISM DOES NOT WORK.........France is just noticing this, but I have been noticing this for years in the US. Call me a racist, bigot, old school and/or anything you want, but if they come to our country of any other country, then they should assimilate to our cultures and courtesies....not saying to give up their customs or how they live, but at least have enough gratitude to respect ours and not try to change ours or ram theirs down our throat, or change ours to accommodate theirs or them...France (and usa for that matter), before you open your door, make sure who is coming in.

France, you will pay for letting in too many islams.

As long as they keep culture intact: French toast, French fries, French kiss, and French maids, I'm good.

I used to be pro Mexican till I had the pleasure of working with them and knowing their true feelings.

The fact is, much to the consternation of liberals, diversity creates more problems than it solves.  In the liberal, "Kum Bi Ya," the "world is a village" scenario, everyone can get along and live happily ever after, regardless of cultural differences.  Unfortunately, human nature works against that illusion.  France, England, the US...all "open minded" countries having liberal immigration policies.  Yeah, it is working out REAL well!

France...a cesspool of diversity.

Everyone better start screaming at the politicians, because they are not looking out for us.

Nothing that a Hellfire Missile couldn't fix.

The big problem with this picture is they move in and never adapt to their host country. They feed off the welfare system. They separate themselves from the rest of the population. Look at England. They now have "Shariah" gangs roaming their streets enforcing islamic code. They harrass gays and young people for not dressing proper. If they are drinking they are assualted. This will be next for France. They are just waiting for their numbers to increase enough.

The European countries have buried their heads in the sand about the Muslim tide in their countries, France being just one example.  Since Muslim birth rates exceed those of the white population, it's only a matter of time that nature will take its course.  The Europeans, because of their leaders' "multiculturalism" lip service, which is completely at odds with the native population's reaction to the Muslim tide, will eventually cause push to come to shove.  The Europeans have no answer because few countries there will address the situation officially.  They need to expel the Muslims and keep close rein in the interim on the Saudi-exported  mosques and Wahhabi imams, who preach radicalism and anti-Western doctrine while sitting in the West and receiving whatever benefits come with that status.  Imagine if the Europeans woke up and treated the Muslims just as their native countries treated Christians and Westerners?  Think Saudi Arabia, Egypt and the Copts, Pakistan, and you have to wonder why Europeans can't see the reality of Muslim ascendancy?  For that matter, why doesn't the US see the Muslim pattern, with its anti-Western, anti-women, fascist ideology?Colorblind France? Hah! My daughter's French friend has black ancestry, but you'd never know it to look at her. However, she says "If you were French, you would know!"

There are reports of Muslims having more than one wife and one family in Canada--both families supported on welfare.

I sent an e-mail to the UK govt. not that long ago, that when if/when I visit the UK I want to see/talk/watch the British, not all the muslims etc. that they now have.  Same goes for France etc!  And the economy suffers but crime/riots rise where "Third World" immigration happens.  But liberal/socialist governments everywhere love it for all the extra votes they get, when they give out "the goodies."

So --- I ask you France -- how is it working out for you???    And we here in America are taking the same path --

In colorblind France, rising diversity tests unityPlease!   Liberals are OBSESSED with turning white people into a minority  and eventually  wiping us out all together. That's why the West is  systematically being overrun with different races, cultures, languages, religions and ways of life that are alien to the West. Liberals can't wait for  the West's white population to be   mixed and breed  out of existence.  Multiculturalism doesn't = assimilation.  It equals colonization of the  West by the third world.

Right and this is way far right political party's that run on getting rid of all the immigrants almost win every time ...Diversity is a total failure ..you shouldn't be forced to live around people you don't want to be around ..every immigrant that came through Ellis island assimilated to American not the other way around like we do with Mexicans and other central American people

This will  happen and is happening in the USA.  The immigrants don't meld in and make the place look like trash just like the countries they come from.  If you have nothing to offer stay where you are.

The moslems don't want to assimilate, they want to dominate. It's a sad commentary that our idiotic political correctness is allowing them to get away with it.

When 2nd &amp; 3rd generations still don't primarily speak French (or English in the U.S.), that tells me they have NO true desire to assimilate and are a defacto colony of their culture.

Some twenty-five years ago a co-worker of mine in Vancouver immigrated from France. While we were working at the same place he had gone to France to visit his aged mother. He stepped into a bar in one of his old haunts from years gone by and was stabbed in the thigh while while being told "get out, this place is ours". Muslims had taken over his neighborhood. While not life threatening, the stab created nerve damage and forces a slight limp to his gait. A permanent reminder of what his homeland is like.  Welcome to the new order of business with liberally bent immigration policies.Visit Dearborn, MI to see just where we're headed if Muslims continue to dominate...Islam rules this "AMERICAN, LAND OF THE FREE" city. Not a pretty picture of our future. I

the outsiders are NOT becoming French....this article is mostly a joke...been there and seen it...the muslims will never "assimilate" into being French, but the French will become muslim...

"colorblind" France? Is that why only Black Muslim youths Burn Paris from time to time?

Third generation...still in the projects.  Which sub-group of immigrants are we talking about?  Is this the same group that, after generations, can't seem to lift themselves from the slums in America?

muslims are like roaches.

This is the muslim modern invasion tactic.

"A full 70 percent of those questioned felt there were "too many foreigners in France." The finger was pointed, above all, at those of the Muslim faith."Well, DUH!!

As can be sadly seen "color blindness" is a complete delusion. Only a few people can achieve the so called "color blindness" and this as the expense of other factors like ethnic identity , cultural form, and individual freedoms. What I try to say is you either wear a burka or not. You either force the burka wearers to accept the non-burka wearers or the other way around. If not  as France is now, deal with conflict.

France, you brought the problem to yourself. Now solve it.

Muslim go home, funny as it may seem way back in the 1950's it was "Yankee Go Home"obama is destroying America with his liberal/socialist ideology.  Wake up people, we are on a dangerous, slippery slope.

No matter how you measure it--or even if you don't--Islamn=Sharia Law eventually.

Coming soon, the United Emirates of France.

Another biased article by the liberal media blaming the French citizens for all the ill's of the Muslim immigrants.   There are no facts about the muslims and their responsibility for not assimilating in France.  It's easier to say the French want to isolate them by making transportation difficult than facing the facts.I couldn't tell from the article, does France have laws where it's residents can or can't live based on race, religion or color of skin?

THE MUSLIMS ARE A VIRUS.

then deport them all.

The great fault of liberals is that they expect people to think like them. Typical liberal thought, "everyone wants the same for their family." It would never occur to a liberal that there are people who don't think like that. It would never occur to a liberal that there are people that just want to see them and their families dead. Europe will wake up to this reality or be Muslim.

"Even Muslim immigrants from France's former North African colonies, many in their third generation, and making up a large portion of residents of Les Bosquets, are far from melding with the mainstream."==================Muslims do not want to integrate.  Their goal is take over.  They make no effort to learn the French language, yet they complain when they are shut out of society?  If they don't like their lives in France, feel free to move back to where ever you came from.  The French won't miss you.

Religion of Peace ? Jesus rode into Jerusalem on a donkey while people put palm leaves in his path.  600 years later, Mohammed the 'For Profit Prophet' rode into Jerusalem on a War Stead with dead bodies at his feet. Again I ask, ' Religion of Peace'..Founded by a common 'Highwayman' that means thief..

After 50 years only name France will remain.Here's an idea.................STOP LETTING THESE PEOPLE IN.  WHY CAN'T THE EUROPEAN COUNTRIES AND US JUST SAY "NO"?

Muslims are slime. They have zero skills so where they move they live off the govt. The Somalis are a perfect example of #$%$. They turn areas into slums with garbage laying around their lawns. Why does the govt take these turds in? Sick of it. I work and have to pay for someone who hasnt paid a penny in taxes ever? Just frickin wrong.

France cracks me up. A relatively tiny country lets muslim immigrants flood the place, thinking their culture is so pure and desirable that anyone would jump at the chance to become French and just automatically transform. Muslims. That's the funny part, a people well known for NOT changing their ways! The US has its problems in immigration, but we have known Mexicans for a long time and they do eventually assimilate and become Americans (NM resident here, I see it firsthand). And their religion, Catholic. A religion that many Americans are in the first place. Despite some of that faith's problems I'll take Catholics over muslims any day!!!!! Plus we're big enough. Looks like France is at a saturation point.

Hair color, height, eye color, athleticism, strength and weight are all part of your DNA.  But liberals everywhere will deny that IQ and violence have anything to do with DNA.

Democracy and the basic tenets of Islam are incompatible.  Within a generation the Muslim population of France and other European countries will become a controlling voter-block in determining those countries' political futures.  Islamic tenets will become national law.  Europe will return to the "dark ages", not by war, but by the ballot box.  And America, if it still exists, will confront new adversaries in the UN and elsewhere.  Such is our world today.

It's tempting to compare this to the situation with illegal Hispanic immigrants in the US, but it's not the same. A big part of the problem with Muslims and Europe is an enormous cultural divide. Most Latinos, on the other hand, come from Christian nations, speak a language related to English (as opposed to French and Arabic), and have very similar national histories to that of the US - founded as colonies of a European power and fighting for independence. (Simon Bolivar is basically George Washington of South America.) Furthermore, Latinos have ALWAYS lived in what is today the United States even before the United States existed. Most of our southwest was originally Mexico. We won it from them in the Mexican-American War. The State of New Mexico even has its own Spanish dialect. Latinos are a part of our cultural history in a way that the Muslims in Europe are not.

Pat Buchanan wrote a book about the very topics discussed in these comments it was called death of the west.He talked about western europe and the united states being over run by immigrants muslim in europe and hispanic in U.S. and how the very culture of our countries are being changed.

Why does the west let these people in? They just go on welfare or work "under the table". They have no intention of joining the human race, they read one book, the Koran, and live off the host nation. I can't blame them for wanting to get out of the catbox they were born in but why in GOds name do we take them?

"Rising diversity tests unity" EVERYWHERE and here in the U.S. it isDESTROYING our country.

These unemployed immigrants are living off the high taxes extracted from working French people.  This is exactly what obama proposes with 'immigration reform', a phony expression which masks the reality that it is rewarding illegals who have broken our laws, by making them citizens.  The French should deport these people, and the US should not cave in to the liberal demand to reward illegals with citizenship.Obama wants us to become like Europe. What he fails to realize is that up to this point European countries, for most part, were homogenized society. Now that more ethnic groups are moving in they will have the same problems we experience in the US.

Dressing does not make someone a believer of religion.They should dress like everybody and quit their muslim dressing  .Assimilation and integration are good things that so called muslims should espouse and quit building empty mosquees everywhere.The West should not use tax [payers's money  to build religious places and should put some criteria  about where and how they should be built.

France, the Netherlands, Germany and Scandinavia are all now having second thoughts about immigrants that can't/won't assimilate. Immigration policy has to be somewhat discriminating.  The countries accepting immigrants have a legitimate right to expect some benefit beside cheap labor from welcoming them. Instead they have sown the seeds of insurgency.

The Muslims took over Berlin, London and now France. Get ready for the cockroaches to come to your area next. They will suck up your free money and tell you how to live.

We see the same problem in any country, like France and the USA, where large bodies of immigrants band together.  It's why the Muslims in the ME prevent westerners from doing the same-though why any westerner would want to emigrate there is beyond me.

Stand your ground France. If not Paris will look like Rio.

we are becoming strangers in our land. our days numbered. our children atrisk, our towns will become a silent tribute to what once was. and we do nothing.

Let all of them go to France.....Use tax money to pay all the illegals passage....we would still be saving money!  Not to mention our country!

I always dreamed of visiting Paris and the french country side.No more.I have friends that traveled there and were ready to come home after a couple of days.It was a scary trip for them

France is looking more and more like the Middle East.In ten years or less, the Eiffel Tower will be a place from which to hang de eenfeedell!

give them a doll with blue eyes and blond hair,before long the head will be pulled offto celebrate sharia law as if it were human.there law is meant for every one,not just forthere own.there are different beliefs,but there's is the only one they respect.

No big secret here why French have trouble with Muslims, they want to force everyone to live by their view which is wrong, but you can't tell them that (the muslims).  There are videos popping up on the internet now of muslims taking over neighborhoods in/around London, forcing British citizens walking the streets to observe their shariah laws.

it is too late for Belgistan (Sharia Belgium) already, where 40 % of schoolchildren are now moslems, and increasingly militant.

The "immigrants" CHOSE to leave their homelands to move wherever (in this case, France). So, their dissatisfaction/anger at having to deal with the languages and customs (and, yes, the street names) of their "new" country is on THEM.Their anger should be directed inward to the stupid, selfish persons who thought they could move to a decent Country and then take over their "new" homeland and turn it into a third world ##@$%**-HOLE like the one they ran from.Are they THAT ignorant? I would say that they are. Look at the illegal Mexicans here. It seems that a large number of them want this to become Mexico North, in fact, many of whom are stridently screaming for their taking over the American Southwest (so they can turn it into yet another ##@$%**-HOLE like the one they ran from (Hmmm? Is there a 'formula' here?). Yes, there ARE Mexican RACISTS. Just have a patriotic American of Mexican descent translate La Raza (The RACE) broadcasts for you. I wouldn't be surprised to find the same in France, England Spain and other "occupied" Countries. Mr. Z, YOU are a racist, or just REALLY ignorant.

When are we going to stop shoving political correctness down the throats of 6 billion humans, and accept that Muslims are just dreadful people with a depressing outlook on life, who follow a religion that preaches destruction and hegemony?

Then why do these immigrants don't go to school to at least try to understand the language? France is good enough for those people to come to the country so that they can improve their lives, but thet do not want to learn French, just like in the U.S. where the Latinos do not want to speak English, or only pretend not to understand.

This writer is a joke.  "The vibrant melting pot of the U.S."  These people in France are almost all African or Middle Eastern muslims and do not want to be a melting pot.  They want to keep their languages, culture, and most importantly religion, and do not want to become "French".  Such ignorant, blind, liberal writing is what is killing the U.S. too.  People too blinded by their own views that a country must change for the few instead of the few changing for the country that they cannot see the real picture in front of them.  Oh but wait, there should not be any problems, the muslim people are a people of faith and religion.  They want peace and harmony.  Not!

France, a typically liberal and arrogant country has bit off more than they can chew. They raised the highest tax rates to 75%, and the wealthy are moving to Belgium as fast as they can.  Watch and see what happens here in the US. Successful  Americans are looking elsewhere, and if odumbo and his and his fools continue to raise tax's there will be no one left in the US, but freeloaders, and we will look just like France and Grease!

Coming to a town near you.A solution for the problem .... encourage Business to build any new, low-skill assembly operations on the outer side of these projects rather than in the core, central city.  No big capital investment in transport, a large, potentially inexpensive labor supply equals better, targeted education, stabilizing families, a reduction in crime, all sorts of other desirable consequences.      I solve many of the world's worst problems on a daily basis at absolutely no charge.

Soon muslims will destroy France, just like illegals are destroying America. Getting sick of hearing spanish and seeing signs in spanish. Learn English or go back to where you came from!

Run those non-French Muslims out of there.  This #$%$ is coming to America.

France exists no ore....

cuting off all grovement freebies would go a long in solving this problem.

Colorblind? Clearly this writer has never spent time there. The whites and Muslims live completely separately. They attend separate schools. It is like the deep South used to be.

Muslims......convert to Islam or die !!!!! Yeah, the religion of peace.  I wonder when the Eiffel Tower and the Arc DeTriumpe will be in danger????? I sure as hellll wouldn't want to have an apartment near those sites these days with all the Muslims that are living in Paris.  paranoid, yes, but better to be careful than sorry. . Maybe time to begin deporting those here who hate America.........

That problem now exists all over Europe. It will never be the same. Every country takes in refugess from third world. What idiocy! But thats the New World Order, soon to be coming to America!!!

If you import underachievers that have high birth rates, you'll eventually end up a nation of  underachievers... Time to celebrate diversity...?

Funny, it's less of a "melting pot" and more of a "trashcan" where individual elements remain separate, yet part of the whole. It all stinks just the same, and i don't care what anyone says, integration never equaled assimilation and cultural bias does not simply fade away once citizenship papers or birth certificates are granted, it persists in the vocabulary, the actions, the responses to others from a different culture and their response to yours! France is where the U.S. will be in 100 years, if we make it that far. Enclaves and Districts of culture, brought from the homeland and clung to like a old blanket that provides comfort, never fully being abandoned or forgotten and tainting any and all interactions.France will never admit their mistake of letting in the hoards of Muslims in..and they brought with them nothing to better France: non educated people, no financial power, only disdain for the French and hatred for any religion other than their own.

France is not colorblind, they are stupid.

They are like rats

Islam is a political agenda not a religion. It isn't compatible with a non-Muslim country.

MUSLIMS WILL DO THAT TO YOU

They will destroy the public schools,, clog the hospitals,, and eventually force their religion on others at gun point.

diversity divides - assimilation unites

Muslims are misfits in the modern world. They contribute nothing to the world, but death and destruction. They should all stay in Dar al Islam.

Bet they're not so colorblind now eh?

Coming to a town near you:O)This is a morbid, surreal reflection of America looking into the mirror. As the French have their problems with corrupted politicians and illegal immigrants, Many muslim. America herself deals with it's own issues of bad politicians, and a broken economy, and unemployment, made only worse by the growing number of illegals coming here.Wake your A $$ up America! We're going down a very dark, and dangerous path!

Will someone in the us and europe finally start talking about stopping muslim immigration?/? Why is this being allowed to happen?

"an enclosed world where many residents don't speak French. Delinquency soars and the unemployment rate is estimated at some 40 percent, nearly four times the national rate"This is what happens when you let the muzzie terrorists take over. It is also a mirror image of what the illegal alien Mexicans are doing to America.

The French never asked for this invasion of Africans... Their government, puppets of the "Globalists", let these people in... Like others in Europe, and ours with Mexicans etc... All the White Christian Countries are leveled with the 3rd world...

Like it or not, this is exactly were we’re headed. Say all you want, but we will one day be divided by the people we welcomed into our country.

So how is that oft mentioned European tolerance working for you, Frenchies? "Viva la difference" would appear to only working along gender lines. Sorry, but France is burnt TOAST............................................

Great time to be American! We're insulated from these roaches by whole oceans of water, and never mind the rouge neck factor, we pretty much all hate muslims. Plus we have guns. lots and lots of guns.

Does France remember Haiti ?  It was once one of its provinces until they were outnumbered by the slaves who they brought there and revolted .

# South Africa is the rape capital of the world... it is conservatively estimated that we have 50,000 rapes per year.# 21,500 children were raped in 2000.# 40% of rape survivors are under 18.# 1,231 children under 5 were raped in 13 months by blacks believing in AIDS myths. Many babies who are raped die.# South Africa is now an international drug-smuggling route, comparable to Colombia.# We export #$%$ grown overwhelmingly by Blacks.# 150-200 policemen are shot dead annually by violent criminals.# Our police have the highest suicide rate in the world.# Our society is 7 times more violent (per capita) than the USA# Crime is so high the government put a moratorium on the release of crime statistics for a year and fudged them ever since.# The Democratic Alliance (conservatively) estimates there are 300,000 robberies per year# South African prisons are often filled to capacity (170,000+) and then thousands are let go, sometimes without being charged.# In January 2004, it was reported that some of the prisons are 300% over capacity.# In March 2004, it was reported that the prison population was 180,000.# Mandela's "Birthday Present" to the country (yes they used those words), was to release 9,000 criminals.# Murderers have been "forgiven" by our Presidents, only to murder again.# On 3rd March 2004, on SABC TV3 News it was announced that to "Celebrate Ten Years of Democracy" they might let thousands of prisoners go free.# More prisons have been built after apartheid but even that is not enough to cope with the crime wave.# More blacks are in our prisons after apartheid than before. (They no longer fear the Police).# The ANC LOVES criminals. They gave them the vote! It was announced that over 100,000 prisoners would be registered &amp; allowed to vote# We had 10 years of peace, with no international sanctions and yet, the much-awaited boom never came along.# Our socialist economy dribbles along. GDP growth is estimated at 1.3% per annum which compares weakly with (sometimes) double digit growth rates under white rule.

Too many muslims in France...they intentionally block traffic when they pray on the streets..and press their religious rights. They should be deported back to the desert with their camel herds.An arab is not an arab without his camels, Sharia Law, or a jihadist with explosives on him/her..Hey, you Europeans:Remember when you accused us White Americans of being bigots against blacks?Well welcome to the club.

It all comes from the United Nations.  They want everyone to be multicultural.  Now we have International Laws that supercede national laws.  What the hell is that other than a world government?  It's all BS and will never work without tyrants forcing us into believing that's what has to happen.

......liberal France screw up when they let all that #$%$ into the country, we should learn from that, but we won't.

It doesn't matter what country they are in, if in a housing project, it is a ghetto.  Always a #$%$ neighborhood in every country and that is the tax burden on the workers.  If these places were not provided by the government, these projects would not available.

A system like the one in France never works...it's illusion and a time-bomb! We made that mistake here in the 70s when we thought we could lead all blacks into a project, hand them some money and 'voila', they are FREE! It was a cruel idea and  it was the idea of the Democrats, not the Republicans!

In addition to France ask Denmark, Norway, United Kingdom, Sweden, Germany and Italy how that multiculturalism is working out....

The French willfully close their eyes to their own racism and while criticizing racism in other places.

You bleeding heart liberals allow the trash in and now you suffer the consequences.

muslims seem like one of the most intolerable sorts both in their actions and words....it makes it difficult to accept anyone when their lives and compassion are so myopic

Diversity Fries?Diversity breeds contempt.  It is basic human nature to want to be with others like you and to not bond with people who are very different from you.

Sounds like France is just blind period.  They ignore what is happening and then they fall flat.

Q: What do you call a woman with a  2 inch dingle and no stones?  A: A Frenchman.

France must outlaw islam and liquidate all muslims !

The French encouraged all these non-French to come to France and now they almost lost their country.  Cry me a river.  We in the US have and to a point still are encouraging Latinos to move here, we too will lose our country.

I don't care about ethnic background, but I do care about culture.  Western Europe and the US used to have Christianity as a uniting culture.  The US has a large land mass whereby people of cultural difference can stay separated, and they do.  Large cities are where the poor live due to that's where the bus service is.  The cities grew to be large because that's where manufacturing jobs were.  For the most part those manufacturing jobs moved to China, Japan, and Indonesia.  When are the progressive liberals going to admit that people want to live amongst their own kind?  Multiculturalism doesn't work when you have people who believe they are entitled to social services without ever contributing to society.

You go to a new country and expect them to welcome you when you will not appreciate anything that is done, and refuse to learn the language...go back home from eveywhere!!

People leave a poor country because there are no jobs, no freedom and terrible living conditions. As soon as they get to their new host country they want to change it into the country they just left.

People should stay in their own countries.

We can send them the blacks,and see how colorblind they will be when the blacks start destroying France.A 'color-blind' society in a Western European country is about as likely as a Mexican breakthrough in anti-gravity.  Not gonna happen...

This one sentence sums entirely the problem -"Even Muslim immigrants from France's former North African colonies, many in their third generation, and making up a large portion of residents of Les Bosquets, are far from melding with the mainstream."Once again we see that many immigrants move to a country and they absolutely refuse to meld into the mainstream culture, but instead demand their own specific laws (Sharia, for example) and they refuse to learn the language, etc.

Fight Islamic Imperialism!

My daughter went to England , When she got back she said ,'Dad' dont go there, Its all Muslim.

Disgusting #$%$

The Muslims will eat the stupid French. The English too. Get the #$%$ out while it is still possible to do so. If it is not yet too late. Europe for Europeans. English for English. America for Americans. The middle east for #$%$.

The Quran says that it's permissible for a FATHER to have sex with his infant DAUGHTER'S THIGHS.

It's easy to be "color blind" at a distance - like when all of your "colored" citizens live an ocean away - and the French have looked down their noses at the U.S. for years over the issue of "racism". A bit different when the "colored folk" decide to move to the Motherland and rub shoulders with the "real" French people. Maybe it's time for France to climb down off its high horse and address the problem like the U.S. has been trying to do for generations.

Notice how this comment app is, itself, liberal? It underscores the word "muslim" in red to let me know I didn't show proper respect and capitalize the "m". I don't capitalize anything but the start of a sentence, "I" as in "myself", people's names, and geographic locations unless I actually respect the thing that wants capitalization. Respect has to be earned, and I don't see it happening with there with me. It's a small point, but important to me.

Here's another big problem with Muslims: They're too attached to their religion. I've yet to see a secular Muslim. Where are they? Not enough focus on education, culture, the arts, humanities etc. Too much focus on their #$%$ ideology and fake prophet.The french people will soon be reaping what their liberal ideology has sown. Now the picture starting to come into focus isn't looking so rosy. For us Americans just look to the border states at what is coming our way a transformation into socialist mexico with US liberal politicians leading the charge. Notice I use the term liberal rather than stating party line, there are liberal minded politicians on both sides of the aisle itching to give away America and jobs to people that have come here illegally. This isn't about race, it is about illegal immigration what part of that is not apparent? Why do idiots keep trying to make this a subject of racial prejudice? Our politicians? Bleeding heart liberals? The lapdog media? All to stir up division amongst AMERICANS. Whatever our skin color, we are AMERICANS, and there are proper channels to becoming an AMERICAN. Do not let our politicians reward criminals for their criminal behavior, it will only serve to encourage more criminal behavior.

Now that their backs are against the wall, the French government still doesn't seem to see any problem. Sad.

Ever wonder why the country these people immigrate to turns into the country they come from?  I don't.

You got to love yahoo.  Everything is about color and race now.  Idiots have reignited racial tensions in this country all because of Obama.

Hmmm, I seem to remember something about an old emperor or other, who played his fiddle as his city burned to the ground....

Muslim &amp; African immigrants are destroying France. When will the West wake up and fight back against this pestilence?

is a 40 percent unemployment rate the standard rate for all housing projects on the planet?

Desert attire in modern city - STUPID !They all look like characters on the cover of the Mob Rules album .

it is very sad for France, I grew up in France, my parents came from Poland, they spoke several languages including french, alhough my father could not write French, he could speak the language..When I grew up there were no graffittis nowhere, there were none in Paris none, nowhere; now, no matter where you are, in the middle of Paris, in Normandie, or any little quaint village in the Provence area, old gates and beautiful architectured houses are all painted with graffittis. I actually witness a young Arab (yes he was) spraying along one of the parisians artistic street in Paris, I wanted to say something but my sister stop me cold..it was her home so I honored her request..she was actually afraid of retaliation..it is very sad for France and for the rest of Europe. Your cultures are gone.

Same problem as this Country, with millions of illegal Mexicans.Germany's Angela Merkel: Multiculturalism has 'utterly failed'German Chancellor Angela Merkel's comments come just days after a study by a German think tank found that more than 30 percent of people believed Germany was 'overrun by foreigners.'German Chancellor Angela Merkel told a gathering of young members of her conservative Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party this weekend that the "multikulti" concept – where people of different backgrounds would live together happily – does not work in Germany.At "the beginning of the 1960s our country called the foreign workers to come to Germany and now they live in our country," said Ms. Merkel at the event in Potsdam, near Berlin. "We kidded ourselves a while. We said: 'They won't stay, [after some time] they will be gone,' but this isn't reality. And of course, the approach [to build] a multicultural [society] and to live side by side and to enjoy each other ... has failed, utterly failed."The crowd gathered in Potsdam greeted the above remark, delivered from the podium with fervor by Ms. Merkel, with a standing ovation. And her comments come just days after a study by the Friedrich Ebert Foundation think tank (which is affiliated with the center-left Social Democratic Party) found that more than 30 percent of people believed Germany was "overrun by foreigners" who had come to Germany chiefly for its social benefits.STORY: Why 13 percent of Germans would welcome a 'Führer'The study also found that 13 percent of Germans would welcome a “Führer” – a German word for leader that is explicitly associated with Adolf Hitler – to run the country “with a firm hand.” Some 60 percent of Germans would “restrict the practice of Islam,” and 17 percent think Jews have “too much influence,” according to the study."The findings signal that Europe’s largest nation, freed from cold-war strictures, is not immune from the extreme and often right-wing politics on the rise around the Continent," writes the Monitor's Europe Bureau chief, Robert Marquand. "The year 2010 is marking a clear shift toward extremist politics across Europe, analysts say. An uncertain economy, a gap between elites and ordinary Europeans, and fraying of a traditional sense of national identity has just in the past month brought more hard-line politics and speech, often aimed at Islam or immigrants – into a political mainstream where it had been absent or considered taboo."

This entire article can be summed up in the last sentence.

The dumb French just don't know that letting all those foreigners in will destroy their culture and nation.

I live in Paris, Those so called "French" are ruining this country. They make no effort in social or cultural integration. Paris suburbs are the same as Detroit suburbs i.e. ruled by gangs wielding AK's. it is still better than Marseille though..but for how long

Why don't the rich politicians go and spend a month in one of these neighborhoods so that they can taste exactly what their policies have done to France?

The great international experiment. Nobody wanted and nobody likes. Brought to you by the liberal-progressives who are trying to do the same here in the USA.  And, there is no way to ever undo what's been done. This is going to get much worse !!! Thanks a lot

Any group of imigrant large enough it will not integrate into the host country.The colonial past will hunt France,England forever. Hell, it will even hunt Germany. They imported them for labor. Water and vinegar does not mix well. Race  and language is one problem but if religion such as Islam is put into te mix the mix is deadly.

According to the story, "minority rights" don't exist in France.  Let's give that a try!

These muslims are 100 times better off than living in the chitbag muslim countries they left. And they still complain. What are they doing to make their lives any better in France except breeding like cockroaches and living off the government dole?

Muslims are harder to deal with than Mexican and South American immigrants.  Why? Most Hispanics, the upper class, are mostly White and Catholic (Christians) so they easily blend in to American society.  Muslims are a whole different culture and they will fight for their rights in groups.Breaking News - The UK police say the people in Manchester, England went on a killing spree killing all the white people in the City. They fear the death toll could be as high as 6 or 7.

Paris, the capital of Fashion ! Looks like wearing your white pajama and a blanket over your head is the  latest couture  trend!

what the he@# is with the stupid ba#@$%#@ that go to a country to live and dont learn the language-what the h@#$ do they think -they will start a country in there new country -is that their motive-by the way lets get all the mexicans speaking american or lets make them all go whare they came from

Why is it that the majority of all immigration goes towards the, what were, the Christian nations of the world? Interesting that people do not flock to India, Africa,China ,etc Then these immigrants complain and demand that we make their new country like their old country and keep their culture, language and religion  And as that happens the overwhelming degradation of those host immigrant countries is fostered and in fact the host countries  are committing " nation-cide" I do not believe this is happenstance since no enemy could do us worse  and most natives are opposed to such. I think we have an enemy that is planning the destruction of the Christian nations and it shows. As Christ had enemies so do those Christian nations have anti-Christs out for our demise

and look at what the same policies are doing to detroit!!  same-o-samo

France is soon to be governed by a Muslim majority. Get back to me with a story on how they like Sharia law and how their open borders plan is working out.

Before 2050 many european countries will be under Islamic rule. They are commiting national sucide. Will the Islamics when in control adhere to the liberal mantra Diveristy is our strength. I don't think so..

look at the numbers.....most societies have 2 to 4 children on the average......they have as many as possible.....they become of voting age......our 2 to 4 children don't stand a chance ....they'll out vote everyone......open your eyes America.....it's happening here....and rolling like a rock...

Time to purge your countries !

It's like inviting the devil into your home- what do you expect. Mon dieu...You #$%$ stupid bed sheet wearing freaks don't think White Christians are capable of savageryyou better think again. that for some reason were intimidated by your mid evil 3rd century throw back mentality?

This is where PC is leading the US. God forbid that one of us should protest the trashing the idea that the strength of the US is assmilation, not isolated pockets of people who resist it.

If the immagrants do not speak French, the French can learn to speak Arabic. After all, Obama said of the mexicans, on National TV, "Americans can learn to speak Spanish".

Christianity has been brainwashed by Zionists and their Muslim brothers.

The supporters of diversity and multicutrualism are the true racists of humanity, because they want us to all mix together and create one race which will have a mud brown appearance to it. The races should be seperate to preserve the differences of each race.

When you come to the west and dont give up your ways that diferentiate you from westerners there is going to be problems. They have the one lady saying its "they who dont want to integrate"  No, we dont want your thrid world life style in our world, worry. Why did you come to the west unless ou were looking for a different life?  Look at those women in the picture,  thats France?  Looks like nay old muslim #$%$ hole to me.   I applaud France and the steps they have taken over the last few years to please their CITIZENS and take neccesary steps to get the riff raff out of their country.

I've heard many individuals make the statement that the U.S. needs to be more like France. However, they left out the parts about, 'race and ethnicity are not counted in the government census and minority rights need not exist'.  That'd go over real well over here. (LOL)

The story of France is often viewed as the antithesis to the U.S., one in which race and ethnicity are not counted in the government census and minority rights need not exist, due to residents who share a common identity of "French." Many French shudder at the word "multiculturalism."So there are no African-French--I don't think rmoving titles will fix our entitilement problems.

diversity !!..? bologna !! the muslims will have taken the entire country over in just a few short years through population, while getting the taxpayers to foot the bills - see any resemblance to the USA?....

C'est la vieIll put the average American "racist" up against a liberal all inclusive Frenchman any day of the week when this issue is raised!Change everything about the nation, no longer enjoy aspects of your culture, be open minded and understanding to all others views as yours are trashed and treated as crimes, and if your really good and do all this we may/may just consider you a decent but still damaged portion of the society as we mold it into a perfect society!

France is "colorblind" because they are held in the grips of Terrorists that would, and have on many occasions, burn their beloved Paris to the ground IF they ever said a word.

Science defines black as the absence of color - color BLIND is more and more obvious - it is getting darker day by day -

Just because 70% of people polled feel their are too many foreigners in France does not make it discrimination ! Absolutely biased article !!!!

Immigration does not benefit anyone.  A race and their culture should remain in their homeland where it is understood.  I am not interested in being culturally diverse.  It will not benefit me and I do not appreciate a culture who "feels they are owed anything".

When rats get a foot hold anywhere they eventually infest the area and turn it into their own sewer. The only way to stop it is to make sure everyone in the area has been innoculated against the horror, or make sure you cut it all out and burn it.

Muslims are a hugh problem  world wide !!!  just another form of cancer !!

Example after example after example after example.......  when will we finally state the obvious that liberal policies and the majority bending to the minority is not the way to run a society.  These people left their own countries because it sucked.... now they bring it to other places and we accept it as diversity.  Liberalism= social death.

NEWS FLASH ~Muslims CONQUER Europe once again......Know your history.

A complacent,docile and blind Europe will be overwhelmed by a Muslim HordeA very puzzling thing is that they appear to be too stupid to realize that they are no longer living in a desert and subject to harsh arid environment , such that their clothes are F\/&lt;King STUPID for the environment !

well at least we are not the only ones being ILLEGALLY INVADEDby a 3rd world TOILET counrty

Multiculturalism is not working in the US.  It has only served as an effective means for those in power to divide and conquer and to pick one group against another.  Equal treatment for everybody under the law regardless of race, color, or creed means just that.  Plain and simple.  Everybody is treated equally under the law.

What kind of uneducated child would use the term "color blind?"

you mean the Emperor has no clothes?

duh.

Muslims are the scourge of the world. Kick them out Frenchies

These bed wetting bleeding heart French liberals are getting just what they deserve. Having allowed these foreigners in, who REFUSE to assimilate into the host society and the whole country suffers it's consequences. They contribute nothing to the economy, and become just parasites. If they has any balls, the French,  would round up all this trash and send them back to the (S)(H)(I)(T) hole, they came from!

For all of you who saw Les Miserables, this is where Cosette's fountain was ( and is still is marked as such ) in Victor Hugo's novel. Poor France!!

japan needs to be blessed by god; it is the only country that will not give away citizenship to muslims.Color blind my =butt= - the French will happily discriminate against anyopne who doesn't speak perfect Parisian French and those of any other ancestory are at best treated like house pets.  They only aloowed droves of them in the country because they wanted cheap labor to do the cooking and cleaning.  Now a great many of them live at the magins - working "off the books" for low pay and cannot qualify for the benefits due to a lack of employment history.

Invisibility of differences works only if those differences aren't exploited by the "invisible" or those hoping to gain some political advantage!  For example, if I visited a Muslim country I would be expected to cover my head out of respect.  It follows then that if a Muslim prefers to live in a western country that is founded on equal rights, that respect is shown to us by not wearing a burkha which we find offensive and demeaning to women.

Any country that let's Muslims immigrate deserves to go down, and will.

What color-blindness? What diversity? Your run-of-the-mill Frenchman HATES these foreigners with a burning passion, especially the Muslim ones, and waits for the moment that the government will evict those parasites.

good, I hope the French lose everything and have to grovel before the Germans for bread

I don't get it, these people leave their home countries to get away from hell, then they create a new hell in someone else's country.   Why don't they just stay home?

Plain and simple, the foreigners have to assimilate into society, not the other way around. This world is f'ing doomed.

Oh to have an arsenal of my very own.

I walked through Paris last summer and I thought I was in Timbuktu. If you go there expecting to see beret wearing French you might be disappointed

Islam is evil. Muslims are worse.Even second- and third-generation citizens of foreign origin are perceived as different and treated thus.  - I can only hope that a culture that requires you to bow down to an invisible man in the sky and with beaded lunatics will always be perceived as different.

Multiculturalism = Death Spiral

Friggin cockroaches. Should never let it get started France. The USA should have never let it happen aswell. The Muslime agenda is not to assimilate but to over take and turn your countries into third world sesspools like where they came from.

Just because 70% of people polled feel their are too many foreigners in France does not make it discrimination ! Absolutely biased article !!!!

In 10 years the French won't have to worry about this.  They will be forced to be Muslims or they will be murdered.

Gee whiz Libtards?? why don't we do the same thing here in the US?

They coulden't wip'em so they are joining them.  I guess all's well in Wellsville France.

Call me what you will......................I am going to reveal to you seven words that would have changed our life.With these words you will have a new understanding of issues you have contemplated at length.If these words were spoken years ago we would have entirely different influences in music and movies , and language.If these words were spoken years ago , we would have a much smaller national deficit.If these words were spoken years ago , we would have / had far less turmoil in America.If these words were spoken years ago , we would have all of our great cities prospering as well as the small towns.If these words were spoken years ago , we would have far less violence and have far less need for gun control.ReadyWe should have picked our own cotton

French hostility toward Muslim immigrants from their former colonies is ironic; French Catholics have been leaving the practice of the faith in droves for decades.  France and England are both reaping the "rewards" their colonial history.

This is a biased article, Paris is not the only city in France and they are here because they have free healthcare, and also their native country do not want them. What they want is French people becoming one of them and do not want to become french..... i left France 10 years ago and it was already late. You also have a lot of them really well integrated, those have no issues with the French culture. This article also should talk about the "roms" another immigration for profit....Poor France, I feel bad for them. Why did they start letting in all those creepy muslims that only want to leech in the first place?Muslims are like locusts in the EU and UK, consuming all, giving nothing.

Are you people blind? Muslim countries are infiltrating to win without fighting a war. They want a muslim france, England and US. Now if that is new to you just do a little studying. France run them out NOW. You are correct. You do not want an AFRICAN France. We don't have a german mayor's conference an irish NAACP. WE are one and need to be one. Why in God's name do you want to be divided like we are but then carry on and act like we are UNITED. American are Americans and should be treated equal and that works BOTH ways.

How many RACIAL stories is Yahoo carrying today? Jeez. Get off your LIBERAL bandwagon and print some NEWS.

It's very sad what is going on in France... they are totally invaded.

There is a reason finger pointing goes towards the Muslims there...they are the most rapidly growing minority and will in but a few decades be the majority in France. They harass other minorities particularly France's very old Jewish Population of which many have been beaten up, harrassed and a number killed in beatings by Muslim Thugs over the past few years. The police in France greatly fear the Muslims and when crimes are committed, which is frequently, the police generally stay out of it. The Muslims are pushing for their own laws to supercede French Law and show no desire to become part of the French Culture in any way. Meanwhile the French Government fears their growing numbers and appeases them (as is going on throughout Europe) as if ignoring the growing threat will solve it.These are not mere speculations these are facts. One need only visit France to witness it.Europe needs to wake up and the U.S. is next.

You aught to be able to shoot them on day a month without trouble from Johnny Law. Limit 63 or a big fine and yes you will need tags too!

They are taking over the countries not with war but with immigration and breeding.

France will fall to Islam for 2 reasons :1) Muslim birth rate higher than french birth rate.2) French are more prone to being homos.

America,s  future is the same

just one of a gazillion reasons why france sucksCheap immigrant labor proves costly. The French are not reproducing. The national passion for leisure and alfresco dining will not sustain a once great nation. The great cathedrals are empty of all but tourists. Meanwhile the immigrants are powerfully religious and having babies. Outcome all but certain.

Diversity is a fantasy of the liberal-left.In reality it never works.

hey...where i come from frogs are green

it will happen to EVERY country were they are allowed a foothold! it's simply an inferior belief system.

The French are the most racist and arrogant people in the world.

Here's a purely human trait that I've found to be true:  Everybody needs someone to look down on.  Sorry, but it's true.  Show me a color-blind liberal, and I'll show you a stupid liberal.

This vile third world garbage has no business in either Europe or North America.

Muslims resist assimilation into the society to which they emigrate, so to protect the existing culture and values, those societies should ban Muslims from immigrating.

But this is in Paris, France, or it is in Tunis (Tunisia)? or Bengazi (Libya? or Argel (Algerie)? That's why french president Francois Hollande wants to arm his syrian islamists! About Mali, is is diferent busines, is the uranium.

We have the same problem in the US with Mexican immigrants... Religion has nothing to do with it.We have the same problem in the US with Mexican immigrants... Religion has nothing to do with it.

"Multiculturalism" is an insidious evil. The great civilizations of the world have been destroyed by the introduction of large members of other races and ethnic groups. Homogeneous societies of western civilizations have always advanced and prospered until they included people who had no interest in their culture or laws.        ///Mac

The Muslims will be the ruin of Europe.

It's not difficult to be tolerant of immigrants when they are a small group, esp. (as in France) when they talented (I.e. Josephine Baker, etc.) but when they get large, everything changes.

Minorities destroy every country that they try to leach off.  Why don't they just stay in their own countries and try to better them instead of drag others down.

They're right where they want to be...

If they don't like it in France they can go back where they came from, and good riddance,,,,,,,,, same for the US complainers.

This is the price of ignoring reality.

In 1986 the US legislature changed the affirmative action program - not specifically to promote blacks for the slavery of their ancestors or for women for their suffrage - but it gave affirmative action benefits based upon MINORITY status for every foreign immigrant who was NOT WHITE !Restitution to blacks and women for historical facts within the US is one thing - the rest of the world can go F\/&lt;K itself !

How many muslims are allowed to attend any of the 5 grandes ecoles?  Oppsie, so much for that "progressive" image of the french.How many muslims are allowed to attend any of the 5 grandes ecoles?  Oppsie, so much for that "progressive" image of the french.

The Moars have returned

You let them in,here come the bombs.After all it is thier country now,yours no longer! YOU LET THEM IN.

boycott france ,,,,all muslum

There are areas in France the French police will not enter.  These areas are controlled by the by the Muslim leader, they have their own laws and consider themselves, separate and apart from France, except when they want something or want to expand their area.  They are quickly taking over France and in the next fifty years the French may be living under Islamic rule and law.

Failed Marxism.

In the event you actually believe France is color-blind you are clearly in the gravest danger of believing your own liberal BS.Nobody likes minorities, and when the minorities are seething and visually obvious, they are understandably disliked even more  !!

So the French have an illegal immigration problem, too.  Just wait till the Muslims finally get one of their own into the French presidency.  You know: like here in the US.

AHHHHHHH.,  Frances dirty little secret? It has always been BS for yrs, the french just used different words is all.

Is that Kubul?  Watch out B/4 they take over the most beautiful city on EarthEither you are French or you are not...a great idea, but not very enforcable.

muslims will never fully assimilate to any modern society...their one goal is to fulfill the koranic prophesy of a global caliphite

theocratic people will not fit in to democratic countries and so they should not come to France or America but go to other theocratic countries.

The more people pound on their drums that we are all the same, the evidence keeps mounting that we are not. Europeans the globe over have built societies where they no longer have self-determination and will soon be heading to minority status within their own borders, or lack thereof. I sincerely doubt there has ever been anything this suicidal in the history of mankind. An entire populous mixes themselves into oblivion, and those who resist have no choice and no where to run.

I've known of gunfighters who shoot themselves in the foot, they're so fast. Now we have France who shoots their nationality in the foot by opening their borders-and for why? Do they need the laborers? Do they need the unemployed not paying taxes-all the while drawing benefits, schooling, health care from the gov? It would seem they do. However France will now have company at the foot doctors clinic in the United States, who also has not learned to close the borders. Maybe it has something to do with the Congresspersons who do not have to sweat the small stuff with their 300,000 to 500,000 salaries FOR LIFE! ! !

Like most us they are tired of caring for the poor and lazy coming from other countries, most of us don't want you, so stay in your own country and live off your own kind...

We should have picked our friends more carefully....now they're stabbing us in the back.

Don't find a job in 3 months go back where you came from.  Same as here

"Statisticians are not allowed to count people by their origins, complicating research."If they can't even quantify the extent of the problem, they'll never solve it. Of course, that might actually be the point of the no-counting rule!

Having spent a lot of time in Europe, I hate to say it, but I agree that most Muslims do not WANT to integrate, but rather want the countries they move to to become like those places they moved from.  Some of the most beautiful places in Europe are being ruined by Muslims and it is time people admitted it and fought back in order to put a stop to it. When you have the Dutch - of all people - having issues with immigrants after decades of welcoming all kinds of people - then you know you are really in trouble.Just the facts: France is the only European country with a net population gain. This is because French muslim families have an average of 5.8 children. By 2050 France will be a Muslin nation.

Multiculturalism is very bad, Please think about what it means. I'll give a reverse example, say myself and tens of thousands of white americans move to mexico, and take over some suburb then we start demanding street signs in english, we refuse to learn spanish and force the school's to have english translators or classes that teach in english. We make the government print forms in english and driver license exam in english. Then we complain about racism because there are no whites in government and no whites on the school board and no white police officers. Multiculturalism means you move to another country and reject that countries culture and impose your culture on the new country. America is susposed to be a melting pot, but over the last few decades it is more and more becoming Multicultural and could be what destroys us from within, much like the romans.

couldn't have said it better:"The problem is the third world breeding grounds are populating the advanced countries. They bring nothing to the advancement of the country, do not WANT to assimilate into the culture, and place huge burdens on public services."The world will be turned into Sudan.

I am no fan of the French but they are getting more than their share from violent, ignorant Muslims.

"The streets in one of the Paris region's toughest housing projects, burgeoning with immigrants, bear names like Cezanne, Picasso and Utrillo, as if to stamp the French heritage onto the psyches of its residents."Maybe the streets have French names because...they are in France?  If they want to continue living as they do in the countries they come from, why don't they just stay in their own country?

I'm starting to like the French more everyday.

When are people going to realize these Muslims add nothing to the mix? They are by and large uneducated,unskilled , breeders.

The muslim slime try to instill fear into the non-muslims.  Watch out for these lowlifes as they try to spread their hate toward non-believers.  They will smile at you and when you turn around throw a bomb at you.  Don't trust these morons.  They only understand sucking off the government for every entitlement that is available to them.

Your tax dollars will go to those who don't earn and don't pay. In South Africa, organizations that used to have access to state funds such as old age homes, the arts, and veterans' services, are simply abandoned.What will happen is that Western structures in America will be either destroyed from without, or transformed from within, used to suit the goals of the new rulers. And they will reign either through terror, as in Zimbabwe today, or exert other corrupt pressures to obtain, or buy votes.

muslim terrorists are everywhere, we have one in the the White HouseWhat diversity ?  Do you mean breeding out whites until there is nothing but brown or black ?May as well explain the design as it stands - as it occurs in nature when recessive genes disappear from a demographic - KILL WHITEY .

Please check out the sites barenakedislam, or jihadwatch, u will be amazed/frightened by what u read if u are "non-muslim".

Good job France, you got your muslims, we got our mexicans.

A muslim who wants "dialogue" is a stealth jihadist who will not blow you up but will vote for the pro sharia/pro halal meat etc muslim candidate in your elections !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!He will also be pro immigration...of course......so he can get more muslims in your country to vote for the pro sharia/pro halal meat etc muslim candidate in your elections !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

ghetto slime is the same in France as it is in Detroit

Immigrants, no matter where they are from, ruin the character of the country they move to. It is universal. They wouldn't emigrate there if they were not poor and looking for an "opportunity" (read: handout).

It is a shame that place is turning to #$%$.  I loved my travels through France many years ago.  What a great place and culture.  It is gone and gone for good I guess.   Sad.

The French have always been too lazy to do anything right...Kind of like the leadership we supposedly have now...

Thats what you get France!  You lay with dogs, your gonna get fleas!

Muslims have a plan to rule France by 2020 and it looks like they're right on schedule.The only thing that will work world-wide is separating people into lands that are of their religious faith.  Christianity cannot exist with Muslims, nor with meddlesome Jews.  Everyone back to their own countries!  I'll move to France, Spain, or Ireland where my forefathers were from - as long as the foreigners leave.  I'd be glad to give the US back to the natives.

I am sixty six years old -- opted -- nine years ago to liquidate and move to Costa Rica -- now -- for not a lot of money -- I sit on my front porch 300 feet from the Pacific -- fish any day I want -- pet the dog -- drink "cheap" cold beer -- watch the Tucans and Parrots land in my Almond trees -- I go on line and read about my country -- and feel bad -- for a little while -- and then I have another beer -- I feel sorry for those of you who are chained to the United States for one reason or another -- you will die -- not knowing how to enjoy life -- most certainly not with the idiots running/ruining the United States now!!!   "Pura Vida"

Muslim's are proof that even GOD poops.

@Lena, you are correct. This is happening in every Nation that has allowed them in. Most of the so called immigrants are Illegal as well. As I've said before: They're at War with us, we just haven't realized it yet.

Its common.  Immigrants leave their cesspools for paradise.  Rather than adopt the culture which made these countries paradise, they maintain their old ways.  Soon, paradise starts to more resemble a cesspool.  We are going to undergo this with Mexican values being the norm in the US.

France should of looked at what the USA has become with all the immigration we accept from third world cheetholes....I guess it's better that these #$%$ are in France then here.  We have enough already!

colour blind but not culture blind! We have the same thing here in the US. the elites are flooding the 1st world with the populations of the 3rd world and we are seeing the results.soon there will be no 1st world, well not for us at least. the 1st world will only be found in elite tax havens where we don't live!

Diversity caused Frances problems.

If paris and london hadnt fooled with foreign lands, their country would still look first world.. This is just the beginning of the end for paris and london because london is worse with india taking over that place....

So it's pretty much like everywhere else in the developed world.  New place, same old #$%$.Perhaps The Groves should be renamed The Droves.

where U people find these get-ups to wear.  Come on, we've heard of Plain-Jane, but this is ridiculous.  A bloody xxxxing eye-sore, U know what I mean.Can we kick a few if we see them walking about like this in  Champs-Élysées?

Read The Bell Curve - it is not just skin deep.

So the immigrants moved to France to better themselves, but in Las Bosquets, many residents don't speak French. Are they there to better themselves, or just set up enclaves? I'm sure that they're sucking up all the free money they can get their hands on though. Just like tax breaks here in the states where you see your local hindi store change hands every few years so new relatives can come suck at the gov. teet. At our expense. Lovely. And meanwhile our people live in tent cities.

try some usa blacks from west africa,those moslems will look a lot better!!

The finger was pointed, above all, at those of the Muslim faith. --  That's the fuse and that's where the trouble will begin - big trouble. And when it does - it an't gonna be pretty. The storm clouds are gathering already and when it breaks it will engulf that country in ways unthinkable.

islam is like cancer needs to be wiped out

well, that's what the frenchies get for their colonial sins.

If Hitler had only focused on Muslims the world would have never stopped him.

France is finished! I gew up there and left at the age of 13 to the USA, THANK GOD (and my parents for their wisdom)!this is not burger king you cant have it your way its our way or get the hell out go back to your country if you want it your way

When the immigrants and decendents reach a mjority in France, Sharia law willrule France. Its only a matter of time.

This is true for so much of Europe, actually.  France is hardly alone in having problems with foreign cultures not assimilating.

1-800-GO-ORKIN

A country within a country with its own religious laws will not work.  Can an Arab move to France and become a Frenchman?  Neither can a Jew live in France and be a Frechman.  France needs to ask herself if she's still Catholic.  It appears the Protestants are Masonic Zionist-Christians.  A nation divided cannot stand.

Well not speaking the language of the country you are in will hardly make one succeed. Too many move to another country and expect that country to adapt to them.  It would be unfair for me to move to Japan and expect everyone in Japan to learn English or to adapt to my customs.  You have to make some efforts to join the culture you moved to.

The French deserve to lay in the bed that they made for their stupid #$%$! Now enjoy your zoo.lol

1.4 million permanent immigrants to the US every year - first come first serve - direct family and extended family (person X get residency and applies for their spouse and their spouses family in addition to their own family)!  More non-european immigrants have arrived than european immigrants from the beginning of the US.

It's only a matter of time until the United States begins looking like France and the British Isles with the exact same sort of problems that both of these countries are facing now!

Reminds me of how the Somalis are ruining the Twin Cities. They want Minnesotans to assimilate to their culture, not towards our Minnesota culture.HAAAAAAA---Frances trick of making the Statue of Liberty and donating it to America  as a diversion to send all those undesirable Third world immigrants to America instead of France seems to no longer be working !

A muslim who wants "dialogue" is a stealth jihadist who will not blow you up but will vote for the pro sharia/pro halal meat etc muslim candidate in your elections !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!He will also be pro immigration...of course......so he can get more muslims in your country to vote for the pro sharia/pro halal meat etc muslim candidate in your elections !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The real problem is that the French are xenophobic but will not admit it.  France then makes the problem worse by not forcing the immigrants to become part of the culture of France.  The last problem is that the immigrants do not have the same work ethic as the french, it is really worse then the French if you can believe that.  Give the French economic system it is a disaster waiting to happen.

The U.S. is in the early stages of such an issue. As long as you have a guy like Obama in office, this country may end up being known as the U.S.S.R.A.(United States Socialist Republic of America. That is truly a frightening, horrific thought. But the problem is black people and other liberals really don't like America. They're just like the Muslims in that regard. They hate the U.S. its freedom and way of life, but they wouldn't want to live anywhere else in the world.

Mark my words, if these people refuse to integrate, they will eventually have to be sent home. If Muslims want to live as Muslims, they should live in a Muslim country. If a French person goes to Saudi Arabia he has to live by Saudi law, or else. Same should be true of a Muslim living in any western country. You live be the law of the country you are in. Otherwise go home.

Isn't it evident why the Catholic Church fought against Muslims, Jews, and Protestants?

The only way to fix America in the long run is to eliminate the quotas on immigration from White Christian Nations.  And to dramatically lower the immigration from non-white non-Christian Nations. In this context, we should count Eastern Orthodox as Christians.

What would you think of the ritual slaughter of animals in your neighbor's backyard? How do you clean up the blood and entrails that litter your suburban streets? How do you feel about the practice of witchcraft, in which the parts of young girls and boys are needed for "medicinal" purposes? How do you react to the burning of witches?Don't laugh. All that is quite common in South Africa today.

Those in the West who forced South Africa to surrender to the ANC and its leaders did not consider Africa to be the dangerous, corrupt, and savage place it is now in Zimbabwe and South Africa. Those Western politicians now have a similar problem looming on their own doorsteps: the demand for power and treasure from the non-Western peoples inside the realm.It is already too late for South Africa, but not for America if enough people strengthen their spine and take on the race terrorists, the armies of the "politically correct" and, most dangerous of all, the craven politicians who believe "compassionate conservatism" will buy them a few more votes, a few more days of peace.

Well thats them human rights activistsm for yeah" help them , then when they start in on  slashed or raped, then its we need to do someting" throw thier a-s out, like need to do here"They are not colorblind. They can tell the difference in the light given off by all the burning cars during the riots that the lamestream media never report on. It is truly unbelievable how ignorant American’s have become.

"Colorblind"....yeah right. Anyone that says they are colorblind is a liar just as anyone who says they have no bias.

Do Moozslums celebrate Halloween every day ?

What's truly amazing about the french is their capacity to see themselves and their cuntry as great, all evidence to the contrary. They are truly like American liberals in this regard.

I did not realize that France is color-blind.

obozo is bringing millions of muslums to chicago and they hate us

The media which is controlled by the NEW WORLD ORDER never stop bashing the muslims .

Even white european countries like france are becoming more non-white. its interestting. while it should not make difference to many, some french may not like it...

In the town I reside. If we saw a bunch of #$%$ walking around like in that photo. They would be taken out within seconds......These days, can't never be safe enough.

Witness the Death Spiral of Europe. Multiculturalism abdicates successful,distinct cultures.United we stand, divided we fall. Diversity and Divided is the same thing, when we allow Multiculturalism, everybody wants their own culture, and its separates different types of people instead of Assimilating them into a host culture. France, the rest of Western Europe and the U.S. is falling because of this division, and this plague of multiculturalism.

Seems the warring brothers of Edom (Esau/Cain) and Judah (Jews) are fighting for which one will rule the world.  The choice is between Sharia and Moses which aren't really different at all.  Freedom is only attained through Christ.  Does anyone even wonder why they're in Christian nations?

In a word DETROIT good luck france

Please check out the sites barenakedislam, or jihadwatch, u will be amazed/frightened by what u read if u are "non-muslim".

Are they talking about racist France and Europe?

Stay home and work to make your own country better!

Assimilation should be a condition of citizenship, and should be forced upon any and all who wish to become citizens.

sounds like Dearborn, Michigan!

dont worry france we all know the muslims are a peace loving people . everything will be fine   just start brushing up on your arabic

diversity  for the sake of diversity is perversity"Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation; and a house dividied against itself cannot stand.  If Satan also be divided against himself, how shall his kingdom stand?  Because you say that I cast of devils through Beelzebub.  And if I by Beelzbub cast out devils, by whom do your sons cast them out?  Therefore shall they be your judges.  But if I with the finger of God cast out devils, no doubt THE KINGDOM OF GOD HAS COME UPON YOU.

after living and loving in that country 4 over 2 years . i did notice they ( FRENCH ) did not like people from a certain AFRICAN NATION on their land ! ( I AM A BLACK AMERICAN and had no problems with race or culture in that country ) if u humble yourself in any country u will go far with the people BUT AMERIAN BLACK WOMEN AND AMERICAN WHITE MEN are and where snobish to them in their own land so i stayed away from the 2 groups while in FRANCE . BUT the FRENCH ALGERIAN WOMEN are better lovers ,coller, wiser. HUMBLE, THAN AMERICAN BLACK WOMEN TOO ME AND MY BUDDIES .to bad my BLUE CROSS OF CALIF DID NOT COVER ME IN THOSE DAYS LIKE THEY DO NOW IN FRANCE .

Coming soon to Canada

stop wearing pajamas and capes.. learn to speak the language and dress like everyone else, then you will be accepted..learn to change not blame others

It is the Muslim culture that causes it's failure to retain it's own people and the people who leave are also stupid for bringing the religion that caused their misery in their own country. They were forced to leave but brought misery with them. There is no peace or eternal prosperity in a religion that preaches persecution. The Muslims= Jonah who will jinx any society in which they live.

Ain't diversity wonderful.

@Dr Ben Dova ,  T-2Your assessments regarding colonialism are nonsense .The establishment of colonies to secure trading partners is a matter of commerce - mercantilism brought wars between nations who fight against each other for that access or trading routes -Modern issues relate to the 1400+ years for the pretentious supremacy of arab cultural hegemony with the culmination of the ottoman empire demise after WWI.Wahhabism from saudi arabia has picked up the dementia of arab cultural hegemony and supremacy .

wow they're going to ruin france just like they ruined detroit.

Spring break for a 13 year old - on taxpayers dime..Malia on break in MexicoObama’s 13 year-old daughter went, with 12 friends on “spring break” to Oaxaca Mexico .  All on your dime. She took two jets,12 friends and 25 secret service men.  A thirteen year-old !!!Why haven’t you heard about it?  The Obama Administration had the Secret Service scouring the web ordering that any website mentioning this be taken down because letting the travel plans out could endanger the president’s daughter’s security.Nonsense, the “royal couple” just want to hide the way they are ripping off the U.S. taxpayer. Only a few Canadian Web-sites still have it up. This trip cost more than most Americans make in their entire lifetimesPLEASE PASS THIS ON IT NEEDS TO GO VIRAL!!!

hhmm  go figure another french Model of Immigrants coming in and failing, but Obama still insists on amnesty for Illegals in the U.S. Liberals are not blind to this fact, they want this to happen so they can have more govnt to control the people on where they live,how they are educated and what kind of income they get. Absolutely no freedom to become prosperous. Sad world we live in.Forget France, here in northern Indiana The Iraq Refugee Resettlement Program has already brought in 36 extended families to one county, all on the taxpayers dime.Did not we just spend billions and lose thousands of G.I.s making their country a better place to live?

North African Muslims go to France with no intention of working. They live off welfare, AND want their own Muslim schools, Muslim law, and Muslim courts. No contribution to society whatsoever. What a joke.

Once power is in the hands of aliens, don't expect loyalty or devotion to principle from those whose jobs are at stake. One of the most surprising and tragic components of the disaster in South Africa is how many previously anti-ANC whites simply moved to the other side.

muslims.....own paris.....fxxk the french and the muslims......

A Warning For America - From South AfricaBy Gemma Meyer (Gemma Meyer is the pseudonym of a South African journalist. She and her husband, a former conservative member of parliament, still reside in South Africa.)People used to say that South Africa was 20 years behind the rest of the Western world. Television, for example, came late to South Africa (but so did pornography and the gay rights movement).Today, however, South Africa may be the grim model of the future Western world, for events in America reveal trends chillingly similar to those that destroyed our country.America's structures are Western. Your Congress, your lobbying groups, your free speech, and the way ordinary Americans either get involved or ignore politics are peculiarly Western, not the way most of the world operates. But the fact that only about a third of Americans deem it important to vote is horrifying in light of how close you are to losing your Western character.

get rid of the housing projects and make the dissperse out .

Muslims should stay in Muslim countries. The exporting of these non western habits is bringing as much trouble and danger as western oil executives in the mideast.

Just wait until the NAFTA super highway is complete and we are the Nort American Union!

This is not france. This is brooklyn  ny

Another abject progressive socialist failure !That's France for you....never does anything right!  Filthy cities and worse toilets than I have ever seen any where ele....

many, MANY  blacks stayed in France after WW2, hence the problem. pure fact

France thought having a big empire, like Britain, was the 19th century way to go.  Now they have to play host to the third world trash.  The Germans lost their empire, what there was of it, and boy are they glad.

To be sensitive to others feelings here and to be plitically correct lets say it as it is.  The  disease is blacks, muslims and especially black muslims.  The Indians come here and work, try to assimilate make fun of themselves.  The Asians work their tails off, mind their own business are grateful.  It is the black and brown and muslim.  Even the majority of mexis work hard, until they get tied up with the blacks.  I dont want to be offense or be insensitive in anyway or hurt anyones feelings but as long as we have blacks, and muslims entering our country any old time they want we are doomed.  I do not mean American Africans either they deserve to be here.

The world should learn a valuable lesson from France's non-existant immigration policies, especially when it comes from muslim immigration.  This country is lost forever.  Muslims have turned France into a waste pit.

France is hardly colorblind.  Arabs are clearly second class citizens.

cheese-eating surrender monkeys

Allow me to rephrase...In the town I reside in. If we saw a bunch or R-A-G-H-E-A-D-S walking around like those in the photo....They would be taken out within seconds...FACT.

Read "Islam Today" by Akbar Ahmed and you will understand that Islam is a conquering culture.  Methods are not always by force at first, but by immigration.  Until the numbers are strong then they affect their control.  Conquest is their goal.  Do not think for a minute that the women are not on board, they are as radicalized as the clerics.

Jewish imposed diversity is utterly destroying France. Why is it that diversity is ONLY for white western countries?All you have to do is ask a Native American INDIAN, how welcoming immigrants worked for them.

I think the author is confused.   "have stood by a French model that's colorblind to differences, in total contrast to the U.S. notion of a vibrant melting pot."Isn't the idea of the so-called melting pot that people from different backgrounds come here and assimilate to one common identity?

Who are you going to call this time France?....it's coming.  Surely you will not consider calling those that you refer to as "the dirty Americans".I've got a French WWII Army rifle for sale, perfect condition, never fired and only dropped once!Good luck to the French.

Save our world. Exterminate Islam &amp; Sharia Law!

It is for this reason Hitler wanted a Germany made up of Germans.  He did not want to kill Jews.  He wanted the Jews out, but no one would let that happen.  Zionists made the Jews stay so that they could get their national homeland.  Zionists are have just as much blame as Hitler, but you won't see that taught anywhere except by the Orthodox Jews.  jewsnotzionists dot org

France like England reap the dark benefits of their past colonial days. Their former slave countries are coming home to roost. Lucky for Germany, they kept out of enslaving.

Death to diversity!

Kick the damned muslims out for good once and for all.  They will never assimilate with anyone, anywhere.  Get rid of them all!!

France and 7 other countries have the same immigration rules as the USA, one of those rules is, one must sware an oath to up hold the constitution and to assimilate yourself  to your new countries coulture, the only ones that defie this once they are citizens are the Islamics who dont care about french or US coulture only their own, so they can send money back to their country, most of which is welfare money. by dressing in public in a burka type dress, this is not assimilating this is total disrespect for their new country, England has started to take away citizenship and passports of those that want their own countries laws and way of life, and deport them. the US needs to get tough and do the same.Note the burka type dress is not required by their Coran, but a sign of slavery imposed by famillies and husbands.slavery was banned 200 years ago, its time to act on these unworthy so called Americans who think nothing of honor killing their daughter if she talks to a white guy,.

laissez faireThe difference between the US and this story about France is that in the US, foreigners want to stay minorities so they can suck up all free benefits.  Have the Los Angeles Mexican illegals and Latin Gangbangers tried to assimilate?  Have the Eastern European Mafia members tried to assimilate?  No, they run their own illegal operations and wreak havoc on US citizens.  The French have it right.  Those that don't want to contribute to French society need to be sequestered and returned to their origin countries.

Many foreigners come to a country expecting special treament. They have delusional visions of what life is like in other countries. Many have a bad attitude toward the people who live in that country. Stay home .

If they cannot love and accept the FRENCH culture and tradition they should be send back home.

More propaganda for multiculturalism and special preferences - the approach that has brought disaster to Detroit, a Newark, East St. Louis, and on smaller scales, to most American cities.  The left-wing sociologists have helped to destroy many cities in America.  Now they hope to do the same to France.To save America we should end the cult of multi.  Treat all CITIZENS equally.  Equal rights for all, special privileges for none.  English only ballots to vote, literacy tests, end welfare and schooling for illegals, punish crime, execute murderers, and America and Europe might revive.

Embrace the country you want to live in and what it was found on or DON'T move there.  If you already live there, then GET OUT!

Well, certainly the French model works!  Our principles here the USA are definitely on a different level.  I support the French what they have to do and you can't blame them.  If you think about it, you go to the Middle East (or any other religious governmented country) where their form of government is purely Islamic and they are alienating their minorities (and tourists/visitors) who are non-Islamic-Muslim in which they strictly require those people of non-Islamic/non-Muslims to follow the local governments Islamic law.  France, in essence, is doing the same in such a way if you think about it.  But knowing the history of Muslim minorities that live in those parts of Europe and other places around the world, Muslims have been the most vocal in complaining about liberal ways of life in the foreign places they have been welcomed to stay and how dare they!  And basically, France is giving them an eye-for-an-eye and sending a message to the other Islamic governments that France can do the same thing and see if you like it!

damn theses mussies. too much tolerance to the wrong kind of people will lead to a nasty place. we are at war with islam and these stupid countries keep on allowing them to invade. dont they understand arabs want the whole world to be mussies and nothing else. mussies are not tolerant. so why should we be to them.

In 1975 , the Muslim/Algerian President Boumedienne told the UN General Assembly: "One day millions of men will leave the southern hemisphere of this planet to burst into the northern one. But not as friends. Because they will burst in to conquer, and they will conquer by populating it with their children. Victory will come to us from the wombs of our women.

Unfortunately the average muslim does not infuse us with integrity and trust.....In my experience, they are dishonest and  untrustworthy.  They amass their monies to send back to their countries for only God knows what, but have their hand out to just take, take, take.  They change names on leases and business documents and it is difficult to keep track of your property when you have leased to them.  They will present I D of someone not in your state, or even in the country, and then when they run out on paying their due.....try sueing that nonexistent person.

Disgusting"Diversity" doesnt work. Never did. If you throw a bunch of people from different backgrounds into one pot, they'll separate into their own little corners. Look at the US. You have white neighborhoods, black neighborhoods, and hispanic neighborhoods. Why? Cuz those people dont wanna live with each other (for different reasons).

Our melting pot is on a pretty low heat these days and the we're kidding ourselves if we think our immigrants are assimilating.

This looks dis....ing.   What happens to the Western world.  it is going down the drain

Integration does not  work.  Multicultural society tend to group or cluster by culture.  Some cultures are not compatible.  All one has to look at the refusal of Islamic cultures to not allow a  Christianculture to exist.  Homosexuals and heterosexuals do not mix well. Why do good doers keep insist that a mixing pot in the US works.  There is a clustering of same cultures even in the great melting pot.The constitution and sharia law do not mix because murder is not part of the constitution but is part of sharia law.

Here are the 15 most dangerous cities (with populations over 200,000):Rank City, . . . . . . . .Percentage Black313 Dayton, OH . . . . . .43.9%314 Richmond, VA . . . . .58.0%315 Kansas City, MO . .. 32.0%316 Washington, DC . . . .61.5%317 New Orleans, LA . . . 68.1%318 Memphis, TN . . . . . 62.1%319 Compton, CA . . . . . 41.8%320 West Palm Beach, FL .33.3%321 Tampa, FL . . . . . . 26.9%322 Camden, NJ . . . . . .55.5%323 Gary, IN .. . . . . . 85.5%324 Baltimore, MD . . . . 65.3%325 St. Louis, MO . . . . 52.2%326 Atlanta, GA . . . . . 62.2%327 Detroit, MI . . . . . 83.5%

It takes them 90 minutes to get to Paris and they complain.  They should NEVER be able to get there.

Muslims believe the world must submit to them. This is headed toward genocide and the Americas will survive.

Sounds like North Omaha!  I haven't read the paper yet but know there were 3-4 shootings there over night!

The writer doesn't understand that the American idea of a melting point is diametrically opposed to the multi-cultural BS espoused by King Obama and his minions.From Wikipedia: "The melting pot is a metaphor for a heterogeneous society becoming more homogeneous, the different elements "melting together" into a harmonious whole with a common culture. It is particularly used to describe the assimilation of immigrants to the USA;[1] the melting-together metaphor was in use by the 1780s.[2][3]After 1970 the desirability of assimilation and the melting pot model was challenged by proponents of multiculturalism,[4][5] who assert that cultural differences within society are valuable and should be preserved, proposing the alternative metaphor of the mosaic, salad bowl or "American Kaleidoscope" – different cultures mix, but remain distinct.[6][7]"France allowed the immigrants in and then put them in ghettoes. Of course they won't assimilate. Break them up, make them envious of Western materialism and hopefully Islam will die a natural death when the next generation sees how #$%$ crazy it is.

Well deserving to a people that have stabbed all of there allies in the back at some point in history.Lets export Mexicans to France we have a large inventory of haters.Both France and Britain have literally trashed their respective countries by welcoming those from the dark side with open arms. And sadly, it is too late to save either of them.

Diversity, melting pot etc are all nice utopian, 21st century type expressions to accept people's differences, opinions and points of view in working towards a goal and living life.  The problem is we live in world filled where we are imperfect andd human nature drives our actions, where greed, laziness, entitlement, do as a I say not as I do, blame others, me first mentality is in all aspects of our lives.

I hope I'm alive to see France blow itself up.

The people of New York thought a few rats weren’t to bad, so let it go. Now there are about 48 to 98 million. Now, it’s a problem and can’t be stopped. See were I’m going here!

Nuke Mecca!

The french have rarely done anything that was right or good. So if they don't won't their country to turn into a country like the U.S.A. where the American culture is disappearing because of the sorry #$%$ immigrants that have come here from their sorry #$%$ countries and brought with them their sorry #$%$ culture.

There is no diversity in France. The Muslims live in their own discrete areas away from the French. If diversity means people living and interacting seamlessly, there is no diversity in the world.

As long as the Muslim population remains around 1% of any given country they will be regarded as a peace-loving minority and not as a threat to anyone. In fact, they may be featured in articles and films, stereotyped for their colorful uniqueness:United States — Muslim 1.0%Australia — Muslim 1.5%Canada — Muslim 1.9%China — Muslim 1%-2%Italy — Muslim 1.5%Norway — Muslim 1.8%At 2% and 3% they begin to proselytize from other ethnic minorities and disaffected groups with major recruiting from the jails.Denmark — Muslim 2%Germany — Muslim 3.7%United Kingdom — Muslim 2.7%Spain — Muslim 4%Thailand — Muslim 4.6%From 5% on they exercise an inordinate influence in proportion to their percentage of the population.They will push for the introduction of halal (clean by Islamic standards) food, thereby securing food preparation jobs for Muslims. They will increase pressure on supermarket chains to feature it on their shelves — along with threats for failure to comply. ( United States ).France — Muslim 8%Philippines — Muslim 5%Sweden — Muslim 5%Switzerland — Muslim 4.3%The Netherlands — Muslim 5.5%Trinidad &amp;Tobago — Muslim 5.8%At this point, they will work to get the ruling government to allow them to rule themselves under Sharia, the Islamic Law. The ultimate goal of Islam is not to convert the world but to establish Sharia law over the entire world.When Muslims reach 10% of the population, they will increase lawlessness as a means of complaint about their conditions ( Paris –car-burnings). Any non-Muslim action that offends Islam will result in uprisings and threats ( Amsterdam – Mohammed cartoons).Guyana — Muslim 10%India — Muslim 13.4%Israel — Muslim 16%Kenya — Muslim 10%Russia — Muslim 10-15%After reaching 20% expect hair-trigger rioting, jihad militia formations, sporadic killings and church and synagogue burning:Ethiopia — Muslim 32.8%At 40% you will find widespread massacres, chronic terror attacks and ongoing militia warfare:Bosnia — Muslim 40%Chad — Muslim 53.1%Lebanon — Muslim 59.7%From 60% you may expect unfettered persecution of non-believers and other religions, sporadic ethnic cleansing (genocide), use of Sharia Law as a weapon and Jizya, the tax placed on infidels:Albania — Muslim 70%Malaysia — Muslim 60.4%Qatar — Muslim 77.5%• Sudan — Muslim 70%After 80% expect State run ethnic cleansing and genocide:Bangladesh — Muslim 83%Egypt — Muslim 90%Gaza — Muslim 98.7%Indonesia — Muslim 86.1%Iran — Muslim 98%Iraq — Muslim 97%Jordan — Muslim 92%Morocco — Muslim 98.7%Pakistan — Muslim 97%Palestine — Muslim 99%Syria — Muslim 90%Tajikistan — Muslim 90%Turkey — Muslim 99.8%United Arab Emirates — Muslim 96%100% will usher in the peace of ‘Dar-es-Salaam’ — the Islamic House of Peace — there’s (supposed) to be peace because everybody is a Muslim: we know however that this isnt true is it...?Afghanistan — Muslim 100%Saudi Arabia — Muslim 100%Somalia — Muslim 100%Yemen — Muslim 99.9%Of course, that’s not the case. To satisfy their blood lust, Muslims then start killing each other for a variety of reasons...and they are coming to a neighborhood near you...so keep thinking they are not going to harm you and they "accept" you. ???

The problem exists in England also,l dont think the British people realize that their country is being taken over by immigrants .England is an island so l dont know how many more people they can accomodate

Hold your line French folks! Don't let the cancer of the World slowly, silently creep into your interior like the Democrats and the Head Criminal and his Mafia are doing in America, and 10 miles from me in Dearborn, Michigan,  Sharia is illegally happening to poor arab women and children! The ARAB children are taught in America to hate all in their lives but other Muslims. Women are hated by arab males who treat them like #$%$. Animals have more freedom in Arab homes than women. They don't have sex with animals because they all have 4 wives to throw to the floor!France.......good bye.

Liberals seek a place where all colors.creeds,religions...etc...etc are represented equall....and they has never been and never will be a single country on earth that ever will be... but liberals are too stupid, blind and ignorant to understand that

The Jews spread revolutions with the theme of "freedom and equality".  Now that that's firmly established it appears "freedom and equality" is biting us in the #$%$

They need to go home.

Someone needs to do a study and see if liberals are genetically related to the French through DNA. It would explain a lot......

The stupid French are now "reaping what they sow".Couldn't happen to a nicer country!

Islam has more of a right to france than the french.  allah has spoken!

The difference with the French and the US is that in the US when you become an American citizen from that point on you are considered an American period.  On the other hand, in France, this is not the case.  If you should get yourself a French citizenship you will be considered as French originating from such and such a country.  Even if you speak French without an accent but you are of color you are French originating from etc.  If you have an accent and you are 100% French you will always be asked your origins.  This is the color blind French, they are even more racist than any racist American and 10 times more hypocrite.  LOL.

"I come in my Father's name and you do not accept me, but one will come in his own name:  Him you will accept.""Behold I have told you before, wherefore if they shall say to you, behold he is in the desert; go not:  behold he is in the inner chamber; don't believe it.  For as the lightning comes out of the east and shines to the west so shall the coming of the Son of man be.  For wherever the carcase is, there shall the eagles be gathered together."

Just like the German Krauts and Scottish #$%$ They breed like Roaches and smell like poo.Wheels on the bus...go round and rou...--flat.  too many riders, not enough moto-vated people.Take your lazy #$%$ back to where ya came from. No wonder your home-country is poor and broke.

u sure dont hear of american christians coming to a muslim country and them making special allowances for them,,or financially supporting them in any way,, they just kil them,, #$%$ muslims,, and their religion,, should be eradicated from the earth,, where is hitler when u need him

"Multiculturalism" and "diversity" are just codes for anti-white.

Thanks churchill and thatcher... Lawrence of arabia

America and Europe have learned the hard way that they both need to stop letting this nonwhite trash into their countries. These people contribute nothing and were better off without them.

After all those wars to keep Muslims out of Europe...   lol

We have some great results here in America, Asian bark beetle, Asian, Ash Borer, Asian milfoil, Asian beetle,  Bedbugs, Asian flying roach, muslims. Muslims, and the muslim

"There is nothing more painful to me at this stage of my life than to walk down the street and hear footsteps and start thinking about robbery---then look around and see somebody white and feel relieved." ---Reverend Jesse Jackson, speaking at the PUSH convention in 1993.

They should have seen this coming (the Muslims). The way the French, for the most part, treated their Jewish citizens during WWII was horrible. They are largely not a very nice people and very anti-semitic and so why should they accept Muslims with open arms. Look what they did to their "own" poor citizens during their revolutionary times. They lack kind hearts and feelings.  Not to say that there are actually too many Muslims over running their cities, but they allowed this to happen.

The French are busy fighting Muslims in Mali, while their own country is being taken over by Muslims.  They're going to have to fight Muslims for their own freedom and survival on their own turf eventually.The bringing of the African to America planted the first seed of disunion- D. W. Griffith

Colorblind? Hardly.

Les musulmans sont comme les mauvaises herbes, ils ont besoin d'être tiré ou ils vont s'emparer de nos chantiers et éventuellement tuer sont pelouses. Hilary Clinton est une salope malodorant et obuma est un perdant.

The world is changing very fast. The US was built on immigrants not Europe, so it is going to take quite a long time for the adjustments to take place. Here in The US, a lot of immigrants do not speak English and the projects are not any better. What Baconbits is stating is unfortunately true.

They don't believe in paying taxes.  You'll see them all working flea markets here, or on the side of the road, where they do not have to report what they sell as income.   That way they qualify for housing and food stamps.

it,s not the color of the skin it,s the cut of the cloth, and right wing views, and the way that they thrust it upon other cultures, the same goes for ultra  hassad  jews , or extreme christians, anyone who becomes a bother to others is going to suffer in the end

"Slay the unbelievers wherever you find them.” Qur’an 2:191“Make war on the infidels living in your neighborhood.” Qur’an 9:123

The liberals have a plan, flood as many western white christian countries as they can with high birth rate muslim &amp; third world immigrants, and push &amp; promote anti-western "Multiculturalism" to help degrade, and breakdown Western cultures, nations, and societies

What country can we carve out for them like we did for the Jews?

The "crusades" will begin anew very very soon..Muslims have no place on this earth.  Eliminate the race.

Colorblind? My #$%$

I doubt this AP reporter has ever been to France. Native French are vicious bigots and racists.

France is a racist country ? why so many africans and arabs want to live there ? good benefits ????

Start typing about the Jewish terrorists and I'll start typing about the Muslim terrorists.  Right now I'm keeping it fair and balanced.

France , a #$%$ place if ever there were one.

The christian world must realize one thing and one alone. Muslims do not even owe allegiance to their own faith. They will kill their own kit and kin in the name of some godforsaken ideals. They have no tolerance or fidelity, but at the same time, will make a big show of thier beliefs. Look at saudi arabia, at the number of heads being chopped, hands cut off, women stoned and raped, robbed, and killed. Are the western world blind to all this #$%$? Muslims cannot ever dominate the world, and they will never integrate with any society.

Pushing diversity is always at the expense of unity. When we insist on our differences we can not come together as one. Promoting one race over another always promotes racism instead. United we stand, divided we fall.

The amount of racism on the internet is unbelievable. So many of your comments are ignorant, blind and hateful. You are a sad sad bunch if you make any comments about "nuking, killing, banning, scourging," and whatever other hateful words you want to use; really sad.

For years France's Muslim population has openly stated via their mosque leaders and Imams that they will use the French welfare system to destroy the country from within.  The fact that they openly declare it, yet France lets it continue is beyond nuts.  Read "While Europe Slept" If you really want to understand Islam's intention in Western society.The US melting pot is an illusion, we are like other western european countries, working toward being overrun with immigrants who form their own communities, have their own agendas. Just because somebody wears jeans and a tshirt or a suit and speaks English doesn't mean they are culturally integrated. On the other hand, unity is overrated. Cultures blend, change and become something else over time.  There is a mass migration of the third to the first world happening that will increase. Eventually we will all be living in the third world thanks to globalized disaster capitalism. We will blend, things will change. Our day as a dominant force in the world is coming to an end. The kind of prosperity enjoyed by some is coming to an end. Our only hope is that it is gradual enough not to be a catastrophe.

French arrogance at it's finest. Stubborn rude egotixm is ingrained in their culture. Resistant to change. Truly a shame.

Is it fair to speak of Muslims and not of Jews?

Christians have a love affair with the nation of Israel.  They're becoming Judiazed which Scripture says to NOT DO.  Judge rightly.  Christ shed His blood for the forgivness of sins of which we are ALL guilty!  There's nothing to do but thank Him and believe.  A house divided cannot stand against Jew nor Muslim.

what muslims not assimilating in any western society - dont worry these people will turn europe into another middle east - then theys will assimilate just fine

It is good to see the muslim women are maintaining their beliefs in christian dominated western country and the french govt. is also allowing this. Thanks to Olad.

As I understand from other articles about the Muslim areas in France ,are crime ridden . I guess we are lucky............

The French have been allowing people to take over their country for decades, what's one more time. I wonder who will bail them out this time?

Maybe they're onto something in this story: Could it be motivation and assimilation instead of race or color that are determining factors? (sarcasm) NEVER!

Europe and the Americas are 'colonized' now. Mercy.In the U.S. our version of the destructive middle eastern Muslim is the Mexican/Hispanic. These human garbage cross in illegally, pop out anchor babies, get medical and food stamps, and no one does anything about it.

Its the Detroit of France. The french need a FRENCH politician like Marine Le Pen not some socialist jew as its president. France for the FRENCH.

Lena says that her husband is "half Moroccan and half French" he obviously married her for a green card. What is she called I think she is called a starter wife. Once he gets his papers he is going back to Morocco and marry a Moroccan wife like she advocated for all the other Moroccans to do.

Beware of the Scribes, which love to go in long clothing, and love salutations in the marketplaces, and the chief seats in the synagogues, and the uppermost rooms at the feasts:  Which devour widows' houses, and for a pretense make long prayers: these shall receive greater damnation.

In France employers require a photograph with your job application as well as age and marital stauts

While inflaming the Neqro minority against the Whites, we will endeavour to instil in the Whites a guilt complex for exploiting the Neqroes. We will aid the Neqroes to rise to prominence in every walk of life, in the professions and in the world of sport and entertainment. With the prestige, the Neqroes will be able to intermarry with the Whites and begin a process which will deliver America to our cause.‘A Racial Program for the Twentieth Century’ communist party literature circa 1912

The USA is like a tube of toothpaste. Once all the white has been squeezed out, you'll have a piece of garbage.

The Colonialist powers of the past, are paying for their sins today.

Rid the earth of all Muslims.  They are vile nasty nonhuman.  I spit in their faces.

France is colorblind? Since when?They hate /\/iggers just like everyone else.Islam does not allow anyone to assimilate into anything not under its firm control. Immigrant Muslims and their descendants will never assimilate with the French who will eventually have to address the growing menace of the religion of peace. Vive la difference!

France is not color blind -- it never has been.

Are Jews immune from wrongdoing?  Why is it only politically correct to speak of Muslims?  Christians have aligned themselves with Jews against the Muslims when both groups believe Divine Right to rule Christians.

The French felt and feel the same way about the Jews and Americans and Canadians. They don't want anyone in their country. Americans are definitely not wanted. Jews are hated as much as the North Africans. Before people jump on the band wagon of the French remember that feeling of French patriotism applies across the board not just to North Africans.

I thought it was all good with the French as long as they didn't speak English.

Picasso was Spanish!

Treat immigrants with respect! And everybody – regardless of where they are born – should have the right to a job. Employment, free quality childcare for working women, decent affordable housing, etc. should be rights for all workers! Workers of the world unite!

@Zahidz...you sure do have a lot of hatred inside of you, are you racists? Are we not ALL supposed to get along in life? I will be praying for you that God will take away ALL your hatred

Being brown in a white world doesn't work.

Immigrants complaint: "In Les Bosquets, the most widespread complaint remains poor public transport and the isolation that keeps Les Bosquets at a distance from mainstream France. It takes nearly 90 minutes to get to Paris."Hard for anyone to assimilate when you are cut off from the mainstream society, and good examples of this situation are the Native American reservations. Poor infrastructure and a lack of resources to move to the big cities will force many immigrants to settle within a community together and this unity discourage assimilation.Side note: Assimilation never stop any racism. Several Native American tribes perfectly assimilate and still they were remove from their land in the 1800s. Japanese Americans also assimilated and never did it stop the majority i.e. Whites to view them as Japanese and not as Americans from pre-WW2 up to 1970/80s despite how a major percentage of Japanese American men volunteered to fight in the WW2 when their families were forced into prison camps. Multiculturalism was a desperate and fail counteract since assimilation truly never stop the majority (this APPLY to all race, color, and etc) to discriminate against the minorities.I always laugh at the idea of an alien race invading Earth and taking over humans. If we humans can slaughter millions or billions of our own kind for minor characteristics such as hair/skin color, image what will humans do to an another intelligent living organisms that share no DNA with us.I guess the lesson here is, France doesn't care about differences as long as minorities stay in the minority.

are they fat or have bombs?

France had a lot of colonies all around the world (including Muslim countries) and still got a lot of them...How can you say to those colonies that you belong to us, you are part of France but please stay home  you aren't welcome in the mainland ...? They got French ID like all the French from western origin...

Woe unto you lawyers, for you laid men with burdens grievous to be borne, and you yourselves touch not the burdens with one of your fingers.  Woe unto you, for you build the sepulchres of the prophets, and your fathers killed them.  Truly, you bear witness that you allow the deeds of your fathers for they indeed killed them, and you build their sepulchres.

France is fast becoming the muslim ghetto in Europe. Look at those fat muslim #$%$. They breed like rats in order to increase their population bec. they plan to take over Europe, mostly uneducated and lazy, they do not assimilate and they are only after the government social entitlements. France is declining very fast. Without Germany, the whole EU will go down the drain quickly.

Most people who immigrate to new countries today are because they too ignorant to correct the problems in their own!! Muslims and Mexicans come to mind!!

I like people who work and contribute and don't take free stuff from the government. I hate everyone no matter their religion or skin color that does not contribute and sucks the rest of us dry. They should be put in forced labor camps and if they don't produce there they should be shot.

France has the third largest population of Jews in the world.  See "The Jew, the Masons and the French Revolution"

“The Jews and the Christians are perverts; fight them.”... Qur’an 9:30“Maim and crucify the infidels if they criticize Islam” Qur’an 5:33

Once again the French surrender, they are simply being conquered by attrition. "Resistance is Futile""This paper discusses Jewish involvement in shaping United States immigration policy. In addition to a periodic interest in fostering the immigration of co-religionists as a result of anti-Semitic movements, Jews have an interest in opposing the establishment of ethnically and culturally homogeneous societies in which they reside as minorities. Jews have been at the forefront in supporting movements aimed at altering the ethnic status quo in the United States in favor of immigration of non-European peoples. These activities have involved leadership in Congress, organizing and funding anti-restrictionist groups composed of Jews and gentiles, and originating intellectual movements opposed to evolutionary and biological perspectives in the social sciences."Jews are behind similar activities in France, England, Canada, Australia, Sweden and other white countries.

"bear names like Cezanne, Picasso and Utrillo, as if to stamp the French heritage onto the psyches of its residents."Gosh, it's so "AWFUL", "OPPRESSIVE", and "PATRIARCHAL" to:a.) Remind these filthy dogs they're in Franceb.) Name streets after artists, and not after murderous terrorists and homicide-bombers, as in Muslim countriesc.) Be proud of the Home-Country's culture, which actually IS culture, and not based on Jihad and Sharia law.......

What idiot on YOOHOO wrote this headline.  Bet he/she is black."In colorblind France, rising diversity tests unity"

Come on don't be fooled! It is neither "colorblindness" nor "rising diversity."  It is systematic Islamic conquest of Europe in action. The corrupt, drunken, anti-Bible, individualistic and atheistic Libiots have mortgaged Europe to the deadly followers of the deadly religion of Islam in return for electoral votes. The increasingly de-Christianized Europe will soon become a bleeding jungle of Islam!

well, what the "H" did they expect?? we will be experiencing the same thing but not because we want others to become American but because there are those among us in America that feel Americans should change for "them"...

For all you France-hating fake patriots here is a little histroy lesson: without France the US would have lost our bid for independence in the Revolution. You'd be sipping tea you jerks. France is a great and proud country and has been an ally for over 200 years. Interesting that noone I've met who critisizes France has ever been there let along out of their nasty little county.

What we need is for one European country to go completely down the toilet because of immigration. People only reject liberalism when they see how it ends in diaster. Then we need the same thing with one U.S. state here, like New Mexico.

When I visited Paris several years ago, I was shocked to see how African it had become.  The buildings are French, but most of the people living there are not.

You know what they say!!!! Birds with the same feathers flocks together...

the tribes should not mix when you do you are trying to change what GOD has doneIf immigrants actually assimilate, it is to everyone's advantage.  It is only a disaster when they refuse to do so, clinging to hyphenated nationalities, dual-citizenship, refusing to learn the language or adopt customs and traditions of their new nation.  The Hispanic, Dutch, Polish, and Irish managed to assimilate in the USA, and did so in spite of open discrimination.  Africans were never allowed to do so, with Democrats forcing them into inner city enclaves, and given "free stuff" in exchange for their votes.The American Black remains a "voter" slave to the Democrat Party, because they would rather have the "Free Stuff" and wallow in fake self-pity over ancestrial wrongs they never suffered, than live as free Americans.  The inner city black Democrats still have not assimilated, as their manner of dress, music, language, and criminal life-style  choices amply demonstrate.I know black American who have successfully assimilated, having worked side-by-side with them, lived beside them, and raised my children where they raised theirs.  I eagerly await the time when all black Americans open their eyes to the horible generational damage done to them by trusting in the "kindness" and "good intentions" of the liberal, socialist, progressive, (whatever they call themselves this decade) Democrats.

As an expat long resident in France, I can assure you that most of the comments on this situation are right on.  A social worker friend of mine here notes that the immigrants produce as many babies as they can because France subsidizes children.  Thus helping the world drown in overpopulation. The old heart-on-sleeve views have to go.

The French didn't assimilate when they were in their colonies.

people should really stop referring to them as "muslims" and their religion as "islam".The correct terms for their religious expectations are qurayshism when within hejaz and fictional ishmaelism when outside of hejaz.

Islam is the fastest growing religion of the world... The joke is on them who mock, slander and kill...

Maybe we should elect a #$%$ for president,give them everything then the freaks still want to take your head...well #$%$ em.

"In the name of the greatest people that have ever trod this earth, I draw the line in the dust and toss the gauntlet before the feet of tyranny, and I say segregation now, segregation tomorrow, segregation forever." -- George Wallace, Jr., taking the oath of office on January 14, 1963

why does yahoo censor comments???????

Them muslim buggers!

"To have a fine, pure-minded, clean and cultured race grow, it is highly essential that it should ever have before it all that is refining and beautiful in the world, all that tends to elevate body and mind; all that inspires to cultivate art, science, literature and learning, and certainly not be brought into the atmosphere of another people who have all the worse factors of degradation and ignorance in their organization. People may think that the latter may have no detrimental influence upon the higher race, but it does nevertheless, and most powerfully so. Anything and everything in the environment of any animal is morally certain to affect that animal in one way or another. The same axiom applies with equal truth to the race or the group. With respect to the superior people, their morals and ethics are bound to suffer. A dozen rotten apples have it in their power to spoil the entire barrel, and the greater the number of the rotten ones the sooner will general decay and corruption take place. It is all nonsense to talk about the better race redeeming and eventually elevating the lower one to the plane of the former, for nature’s laws work in no such manner. In this country, the highest civilization, the cleanest and soundest white people flourish where the neqro is not, or exists in comparatively few numbers."Schufeldt, 1907"We are not responsible for the acts of our forefathers in this country, nor are we pledged to abide by, for a single instant, the results of any of the monumental blunders they made. It was an enormous mistake on the part of our ancestors, the bringing of the African neqroes to this country, but the proposition is an entirely different one that confronts us now. They are here, and instead of being slaves under our control, they are free, free to pollute our entire country. Are we still to stand with our hands down at our sides and see them do it?"-- Schufelt, 1907

King David hotel was blown up on July 22, 1946 by the terrorist Irgun by the approval of the other terrorist Jews the Haganah.  You Christian Zionists don't know your history or you're hypocrites.

Ahh, but YOU wanted the charming good looking individual that bounces up the steps and reads the speech that the back door writers have writen for him. I have a Video where HE said that HE is a Muslim. SO the government builds them places of worship, and their children play grounds. Built you a church? A large playgorund in your city? Your President that you voted in and HIS backroom boysand girls.

France is mostly white, but the CONnard fear mongers like to rile you up.

Rushton and Whitney (2002) analyzed the 1993–1996 INTERPOL Yearbooks and found that across 100 countries, the rate of murder, rape, and serious assault is four times higher in African and Caribbean countries than elsewhere in the world. In violent crimes per 100,000 people, the rate for African countries was 149; for European, 42; and for Asian, 35. These results are similar to those carried out on other data sets from INTEROL and the United Nations. They show the Black overrepresentation in violent crime to be a worldwide phenomenon.

Times up !Onl ine. Todays Catholic World.

Ducrest et al. (2008) reviewed data on over 40 wild vertebrate species showing that within each species, darker pigmented individuals averaged higher levels of aggression and sexual activity than lighter pigmented individuals, with a larger body mass, more resistance to stress, and greater physical activity when grooming. The relationship between coloring and behavioral dominance was robust across three species of mammal (African lion, soay sheep, and white-tailed deer), four species of fish (mosquito fish, guppy, green swordtail, and Arctic charr), four species of reptile (asp viper, adder, fence lizard, and spiny lizard), one amphibian species (spadefoot toad) and 36 species of bird.

It is clear from the article that even if the people would like to be more connected to french culture poverty as in lack of jobs and transportation to more schooling and work oppotunities is simply not available at this time.  most people find that over 90mins to work or college is not an option financially or otherwise.

Muslims are murderers- plain &amp; simple

The reason rising diversity tests unity in France is because it threatens the neoconservative agenda.It’s amazing how we can gauge a counties neoconservative rating by the article published in US news outlets.You foolish Christians believe God created Israel in 1948 when it was the terrorist Jews, the Haganah and Irgun who created the Zionist non-Democratic state of modern Israel who has the US citizens fighting their wars and shedding Christian blood.

If this is true, it only reinforces the fact that real differences lie not in color but in wealthy.  The whole world needs a Cultural Revolution, the poor are majority.

“It is nowadays considered a display of one´s sophistication for whites to fawn over mediocre non-white cultures. The truth is that whites are embarrassed by the extent of their accomplishments so they are taught to be modest about their own race whilst elevating the “achievements” of non-whites and pretending that their cultures are not only the equal of ours but somehow more righteous”

Country/Region	IQ (2002)Arab Emirates	83*Algeria            	84*Bahrain           	83*Libya	        84*Oman       83*Syria	        87*Tunisia	        84*Bangladesh	81*Dominica.	        84*Lebanon          	86Madagascar	79*Egypt	        83Honduras        	84*Maldives          	81*Nicaragua	84*Mariana Isls. 	81Barbados	        78Bhutan	        78*Uganda	        73Kenya	        72

the problem is that immigration is viewed by the govts of the larger so called democracies as an economic tool to flood the market with dirt cheap labor .........what is most important is profits...everything else comes after...even the country not being the country anymore....

Muzrats move to the west, take all the benefits they can then bit  ch about it

Muzrats refuse to blend into western society

just returnrd from a part of europe,where little dogs are allowed in taxis, resaurants etc....the majority of taxis is now arab who refuse to take little old ladies with their poodles, well no wonder my friend when calling a taxi has to say,no muslim please,somehow it is impossible for them to adjust to the cultures they immigrated to from their own will.....

The Muslim immigrants only want welfare benefits?  How did they get to France in the first place?  Are they leftovers of invading hordes plundering France?  No.  They are Muslims who aided France in the financial and physical rape of their countries for 200-300 years.  And when the French government's domination ended, they were given asylum in France.  Karma is a ___.  Chickens come home to roost.As far as Sharia is concerned, who are we Christians to talk.  We still site the Bible as we deny rights to women and gays.  We should understand, even though we don't condone, their holding on to THEIR moral compasses, THEIR "guns and Bibles".

“Muslims must not take the infidels as friends.” Qur’an 3:28“Terrorize and behead those who believe in scriptures other than the Qur’an.” Qur’an 8:12“Muslims must muster all weapons to terrorize the infidels.” Qur’an 8:60France let this happen to themselves while not monitoring the influx of these Muslim pigs. America will do the same if we don't attack the problem now. Muslims don't want to integrate, they want us dead so they can take charge in the name of a BS god allah.

"Only a degree removed from the animal. Kaffirs (blacks) are as a rule uncivilized; the convicts even more so. They are troublesome, very dirty and live almost like animals." - Mahatma Gandhi; March 7, 1908

The truth is the light. And it will shine. The history of French colonialism does not change because people don't want to face facts. The history of the French persecution of Jews and Arabs does not change because people don't want to face facts. It is what it is whether you like it or not.

France has brought all this on themselves and let this happen

Why don’t these Sand gorillas live in their holy land? They all seem to want to move to the land of Satan and evil. They talk so bad about the west but look where they are, and how godly awful they make these places once they land and start laying their eggs.

The more muislims a country has the bigger shi  thole it is

Muslims breed like rats

Farrakhan urges black americans to collectively purchase land…and wants to recruit gang members to protect itfeb. 25, 2013 11:26am billy hallowell

Kick the muzrat immigants out France

@LenaFrench Rule and North African ResponseThe French conquest of Algeria proved to be a prelude to the “scramble for Africa” by European powers at the end of the 19th century. To protect L’Algérie Française [French Algeria], France eventually invaded Tunisia in 1881 and Morocco in 1912, forcibly incorporating these states into the global French Empire. However, the forms that French imperialism assumed in Tunisia and Morocco differed from Algeria, which was made an administrative part of France. In contrast, Morocco and Tunisia were Protectorates, which meant that the appearance of limited sovereignty was maintained and local ruling families remained on the throne. Nevertheless, France controlled finances; public works; education; armed forces and security; and agriculture. In addition, the legal system and courts were under colonial supervision. Both countries experienced substantial in-migration by Europeans who took land and property away from the Tunisians and Moroccans. Nevertheless, the Sunni Muslim Arab majority and Jewish communities were allowed to retain religious courts with jurisdiction over matters relating to civil status or family affairs, such as marriage, divorce, and inheritance. The Berber Muslims were a different matter, since French colonial authorities directly interfered with their systems of traditional law, which often had an impact upon Berber women.Isn't this the whole reason the UK and the so-called international community created the modern state of Israel?  I thought the idea was to get the Israelis there own homeland so European Christianity could live in peace.  IMO all the Israeli's need to move there and stay out of other nation's politics whereby they verbalize multiculturalism internationally and don't practice it themselves.

The real French people are leaving France because of the sewage the liberal leadership let in. It is a shame because France once was a great nation, so much for the past.

Because the world's largest cities contain and foster most of  the problems in society with their Evil Liberal Mindset,  if they are systematically eliminated from the face of the earth by nuclear attacks from foreign militaries,  it will allow  those who survive  to rebuild normal societies again.

There was one good thing about 9/11, it has caused and is causing the U.S. to look at the Muslim populous as a whole and rightfully fear them to the point of making it extremely difficult if not impossible for the Muslim community to exist without fear of justified harassment and control outside of the insular megalopolises of NYC, Philly, LA, SF.You brought this on yourselves, you are being watched.

they are Muslim but not necessarily all of them know about the science of Islam, you only know about the Muslims but you do not know the truth about islam,,, Islam came only to people who have common sense, people who want to think, for people who are conscious of what he god created this earth, Islam is not for people who love freedom, people who are subject to the rule of god is not freedom of the devil, so do not blame islam

If I lived there I would want to cover my face too.

“’The Jews have passed seventeen centuries without mingling with the other nations. They have never engaged in anything but trade in money; they have been the plague of the agricultural provinces; not one of them has ever dignified [su ennoblir] his hands by driving a plough. Their laws leave them no time for agriculture; the Sabbath apart, they celebrate fifty-six more festivals than the Christians in each year. In Poland they possess an entire province. Well, then! While the sweat of Christian slaves waters the furrows in which the Jews’ opulence germinates they themselves, as their fields are cultivated, engage in weighing their ducats and calculating how much they can shave off the coinage without exposing themselves to legal penalties.’

I have no problem with Islam except with the way they treat women (and gays, but I have less experience with that). I think living in Europe and the states over time will help these women fight for their rights. I think changing Islam is in the hands of the women. I think if our countries want to improve the relationships with the Muslim community more needs to be done to educate, employ and empower Muslim women.

This article is one sided. The author is more on discrimination then supporting the "now what the French must do". Faith is an excuse. Look at the souls of each individuals and feel for them regardless of their color,  origin, and faith. For centuries, French always hated foreigners and visitors(Tourists). I personally had a bad experience even though "I am same color as them". I get goose bumps when I think of France.

In 10 years, france will change it's name to mohamadland!!, it will be daily suicide bombers killing the french because they want to keep their "customs" in the land that gave them sanctuary.“Punish the unbelievers with garments of fire, hooked iron rods, boiling water; melt their skin and bellies.” Qur’an22:19“The unbelievers are stupid; urge the Muslims to fight them.” Qur’an 8:65

“The truth is that the neqro of today, untrammeled and free from control, is rapidly showing atavistic tendencies. He is returning to a state of savagery, and in his frequent attacks of sexual madness, his religious emotionalism, superstition, and indolence, is himself again—a savage. This animalism, this innate character of the African, will demonstrate itself more and more as he is allowed the liberty of his sway of ancestral sexual impulses, and as long as moralists and sociologists of the ‘suppressive school’ continue to remain purblind to the neqro’s dominant physiologic and psychologic organism” (p. 423).-- Schufeldt, 1907

how short our memories are.  hands up who is a native american.  c'mon now, don't be shy.

I don't know how colorblind and tolerant you can claim to be if you don't allow Muslim girls to wear their hijabs in school?

Why do they get to HIDE underneath all that garb?????????????????

I am OK with the Sharia law as long as "Murderers and Rapist" pay for their crime under the normal circumstance.

Whites have the nerve to criticize others for not assimilating. Whites continue to go to Africa and other countries trying to push their western values on everybody else. These countries dont agree with homosexuality but whites continue to push their values on others. Stop trying to turn Africa into the west.

It is sad to read a comment by someone:"Muslims do not assimilate, they infest". Is a country  in West Africa call Mali where 90% of the population are Muslims. I suggest you visit it, and then post your comment.

Muslims should all go to a private island  where they can live in peace amongst themselves only. That way the rest of the world doesn't ever have to worry about ever insulting them in any way!  god forbid that ever happen.

racists will argue that "multi-culti" never works, but in every single case in which "the others" seem to be causing problems, the real problem has its origin in some sort of colonial attitude, which of course no one wants to admit to.France was doing the right thing in Africa by annihilating the izzies of Mali. Hopefully they will wake up about the izzies in France. The same can be said for Norway, Holland and England. At least the Swiss told them where to shove their minarets.

French people hate all Americans. Americans are slime to most Europeans. Whites may be descendants of Europeans but they don't want them coming back. It isn't only the North Africans facing discrimination in France, no American is welcome in their country either. And by the way it does not matter if you are white or not. So say what you want about the Morocccan's but you will be treated the same way if you were not born in France.

Colonizations is a #$%$, hahahahahaha

could not happen to a more deserving anti-semitic pigeon chested france. they will soon be swallowed up altogether. a fitting ending for nazi collaborators whose train stations took french Jews, french a thousand years, to the gas chambers.

No islam/muslims = Peace on earth

We are the Muslims.  You will be assimilated.  Resistance is futile.

All religious persons need to be persecuted.  We, the rational, logical people of the world need not their disgusting beliefs, morals and separatre attire that they flaunt in our face.  If you are religious, keep it to yourself, assimilate and shut the F up!  ALL religion is abhorrent, and all pratitioners are complicit in every crime of the religious; i.e. when a religious Muslim beats a women for not wearing her gown, anyone who is a theist is complicit in the stupidity that allows religion to continue to exist.

USA=1930s Nazi Germany.Muslims=The new Jews.Hard to assimilate when people want you thrown out of the country don't you think?

teabaggers are out in force this morning.  i guess senior centers don't have bingo in the morning.

The French are getting what what they deserve. They cannot stop it and lack the will to resist.The French also hate the Jews and they hate Americans. I wonder if their would be so many supporters if this article was about how hated the Jews are by the French.

The saying goes. " What goes around, comes around." It appears that French colonial rule, which was quite vast in its reach, has come home to roost and there are problems. Fore bear, France, have patience.

Facts are facts. History is history. The colonization of North Africa and the systematic vicious oppressions of the Jews and Arabs in North Africa by French colonists is fact. Yahoo commenter's nor yahoo can rewrite history. All the thumbs up or down means nothing. Ignorance is bliss. France is where it is for a reason and the French know it. 3.5 billion Muslims also know it. And so does most of the world. So all the thumbs up in support of racist ideology means nothing in comparison to the 3.5 billion thumbs up for the truth. And this is coming from a Christian.

373 racist hateful comments on Yahoo vs. 2.5 billion Muslims. Enough said. Take this comment down does not change the fact that there are 2.5 billion Muslims and that Islam is the fastest growing religion in the world and the U.S.

Te West just LOVES to scapegoat anyone who doesn't look or think like them.

These so called "non French foreigners" have dual citizenship. And why is that? It is because France invaded their countries and took over. It is called colonization. France brought this problem upon themselves and they know it. Before the French colonized these North African Arab countries the only citizens in France were the French. They had all of France to themselves. Once they decided to go where they were not wanted and migrate to someone else's land, it opened the door to those people going to France. I wonder why these North Africans speak French? It is because the French came to their countries in droves and took over. If the French who come over uninvited had just stayed to themselves that would have been another story. Instead they came over to a foreign land and made it their land. Something Europeans have a knack for doing. They come to what they label America and take over the Native American lands. They colonize Africa and take over. They traffic in human beings aka slavery and steal human beings to work land they have stolen. They drop off slaves on the islands and murder the Indians on the islands. They then have the slaves work on stolen lands. The North African people who come to France come for opportunity. The French that came to North Africa came for opportunity. They seized the opportunity to take over someone else's land. And they committed cultural genocide. And now they want to complain. In all fairness they need to compensate each North African for all the years they spent in their countries where they were not wanted. And any remaining French in North Africa and their are plenty of French people in these countries need to pack up and get out.

Muslim rats are ruining France, England, Germany, Belgium, etc

“All you gang bangers, we know you love to shoot, but you’re killing yourselves,” Farrakhan said.Rather than killing one another, Farrakhan spoke directly to gang leaders, telling them, “We want to make you a defender of the territories that your nickels, dimes and dollars and hours will buy.” He continued, explaining that gang bangers have much to teach the National of Islam about self-defense, while simultaneously condemning them for needless violence.

America should limit immigration and right wingers in this country.  It would be a much better and healthier place.

The theme of this article is highly charged and racist against the majority working class which most of these immigrants depend and will depend since enough they will never contribute to the country for several generations. I as a minority admired anything with a reference to a culture or name of a person etc.  I meant I had to research them or someone provided me a walking tour even unrequested...through my own neighborhood and provided me ample time to digest and language and references to think beyond the "cadre" or the square box...these unordinary citizens are also immigrants to France and will sooner be a source of inspiration irregardless of the intent of the author of this article...which does prove that articles and journalist are biased and racially charged against the minority group that will always require more information about their new land and immigrants that made a difference in France.  And if it hadn't been an immigrant that made the difference in France but a normal French person would that take away from their neighborhood and prestige when the name is changed to some force or power from their home community that stands for hatred of the French or other minority people. People don't immigrate for power like this article assumes and presumes.  If that is the case would these immigrants then not have immigrated with their own money or are these immigrants now holding the fort down to be an extra burden to France while their corresponding country prospers. It appears that's rather the intention of the journalist to rile up the masses and make them antifrance...  Why is the journalist so irresponsible to society and people and most importantly immigrants....  Just because you played a card doesn't mean you played your cards responsibly.  Hands over the table and stop pulling at strings...that don't work...we use the rules of logic we should really be laws of logic. Irresponsibility can buy jail time in many countries.  Yes, an invisible minority group or many can immigrate into any country and just because we look alike it doesn't mean we have to wear a berka or a get or vestiment to prove that we are insecure minorities or want power....or want to intimidate or traffic underneath all the garb...  We can dress consevative and be more liberal than the most conservative. So what really is the intention of the article.In 1962 at the urging of its people, France's military withdrew from Algeria. Q: During this time what fraction of the land in the world belonged to France? Q: What were the 3 main colonies of France in North Africa? Q: What was the name of the Algerian leader that led the fight against France? Q: Why did Algeria and other North African territories go to war with France? Q: In what year did France invade Algeria? A)1810 B)1923 C)1830 D)1845 Q:True or False: The French viewed Algeria as a more important colony to keep hold off than their other colonies. Q: True or False: The death of the Algerian leader lead to the fall of the Algerians, and the French took over that year. Q: True or False: Traditional culture aspects of North Africa residents were not touched by the French, who had no desires to change that. Albert Camus grew up in Algeria during the time when Algeria was fighting for its independence. In the book the main character Meursault, is French and even though it says he did not kill the Arab on purpose its symbolic of how the French treated the Arabs, or native people, badly for no reason.

the subhuman nature of the muslim faith is trying to take over france. if they let these vermin win, then they get what they deserve. pack them in the ovens...

The French came to my country Algeria without a passport,invading us and killing one million of Algerians  when we were only 3 millions and them over 30 millions.They stole our wealth for 130 years and during all these years millions of Algerians died,because we never stopped fighting.In the last war from 1954 to 1962,one million and half Algerians were killed.The French never tried to integrate.We helped them fight the naz^5i in the first and second wars,and we lost thousands,and then they brought Algerians to France to do the hard jobs to rebuild France from the damages of the war.But you always think you are good,because of the deep hatred in heart,you racist #$%$Go #$%$ yourself and #$%$ your integration.

Colorblind France?!?!?! Oh, you've got to be joking. Next you'll be calling them pro-zionist and supporting of gender equality.

Sucked in to the hate and anger over poor immigrants. dont you know who really is ruining your traditional lifestyles. capitalist companies who desire cheap immigrant labour and foreign wealthy elite who are the landlords collecting the rent and taxes. look at all the outsourcing

The comments published for this article are very good pointers to why these people have not been given a chance to integrate. Fifty years after Hitler racism still lives !!

Sounds a lot like a reemergence of the eighteenth century religious intolerance in Europe that prompted so many of America's ancestors to emigrate to a place where all faiths (or no faith) were to be protected equally under the Constitution.

It's the immigrant societies that have formed America where it is now . 98% of America isFormed by immigrants Whites have migrated from Europe and central Asia's The white right wing trash that bashes other they need to know that their origin is the same French problem is the same white trash mentality don't let people integrate and see where they are created hatred and isolation and they are paying the price.

Haha look at all these racists so angry over immigration hahaha!

Islam will conquer France like all the rest of the tyrants who have!!2.5 Billion Muslims enough said. Those on Forbes list of the richest people in the world: Arab Royalty. The fastest growing religion: Islam. France has hated both Jews and Muslims: Fact. The French hate Americans: Fact. The truth is the light let it shine.

Every country white people have gone ,they don't integrate, they bring their language ,customs ,and culture ,one example is the American continent. But they get angry that we the natives of this contintent (American) don't assimilate to the stupid,language and culture...of the WHITIES...