Chavez didn't live long enough to conclusively fail.  That will now be left to Maduro, who will either get killed in the next coup or forced to live out his life in exile or house arrest after the military takes over (again) to "restore order."

He may not have a gun, but his security team will have lots!!

Nicolas Maduro wouldn't dare enter the slums without his own armed security.The fact is plenty of Venezuelans feel they can't make ends meet in their socialist utopia without a career in crime. The only fix is a better and more vibrant economy which is accursed in a socialist republic.

So tomorrows headline will be about this guy getting robbed and murdered I assume.

Probably not afraid to go into the slums because they are all his amigos

of course they will ----------- until after the election they work for maduro he will need them to create the terror leftists need to control the population and terrorize capriles supporters if he is elected

Playing the Imperialist sport?? basketball?

Another Chicago, Taliban, and Mexico.

Caracas, Venezuela the murder capital of the world, and the weapons the gangs use were supplied by Chavez.

30% annual inflation under Chavez.  The only country with higher inflation and lower economic growth is Haiti.  Socialism=Faili thought capriles would lose just because the election will be fixed again but sounds like they have plans to just kill him since they already blamed the cia for his death.

Maduro will tell them to lay down their weapons, and walk among them?  So I guess we now know who their boss is.

Yeah, this bus driver will accomplish what Chavez the dictator couldn't. Pigs will fly also.

The gravy train full of ignorant chavistas is about to come crashing into the station with Maduro, the new supreme idiotic leader, at the throttle.

Maduro usa las pantaletas de Chavez..he's a coward..

Yeah right.   Those men in camo on the rooftops won't be unarmed.

Christ the redeemer ? Hmm wondering if he's playing on Capiles Judaeism? Wow born again Marxists talking Jesus..  Must have Obama's ad people

This guy is going to get himself killed by the criminals. Criminals are confused. They are really capitalists but they don't want to follow any rules. They will not want to give away what they earned. He's a fool and I wont shed a tear if something happens to him out there. It would prove my point.

Well i hope the people of that country wake up and don't elect another Hugo Chavez if they want there country to become stronger the need more freedom .

This Maduro clown isn't even that good of a bull$hitter. Only a complete idiot would fall for his weak lame con game.DICTATORS can NEVER HOLD ONTO the power they steal from people FOREVER. NO MATTER how hard they brain wash their people like Kim Jung Ll, Mao or Stalin, DEATH is some thing they can not avoid FACING.

i want obama to go into the slums of chicago and do the same thing!

How does a Socialist align himself with Jesus? And Is he going into these neighborhoods w/o armed guards? And one more thing. If he can get these armed gangs to honestly give up their arms and take up a law abiding citizens role in their society, well I want obama to serioulsly consider giving this guy Holders job.

Maduro is NOT the "sharpest knfe in the drawer"..Venezuela has the second highest crime rate IN THE WORLD..A pretty close second, if not first, is the INFLATION RATE, Those poor ignorant  people! They NEED something to believe in, but they have been misguided,terribly &amp; brutally so! A change is needed...NOW!!

this will only work if maduro gives out free bus passes

Corruption is the main problem; the police - the famous PTJ - is famous for having a price tag; you pay and they investigate and most of the time they don't find anything or anyone...!!

Did he get this from Rahm "Deadfish" Emanuel? It really worked well in Chicago so I'm sure it will work in Caracass..

Just look at Santa Ana Prison, it tells the story of how justice lost in Venezuela.

nicky, you tell 'em, ya,...  It's firearms  and drugs, it's certainly not ineffective government, look at how many personal peoperties and businesses we've stolen, i mean nationalized...

Unarmed my derrier. The military were posted outside. earlier in the day they went in and threaten the gangs to wipe them fro the face of the earth if they even winked at Maduro.A socialist saying he's going to ask the criminals to come to Christ the Redeemer? And the criminals have guns but the vast majority of the population is at their mercy? A weak justice system. I thought this article was about Venezula, not Barack Hussein Obama.In a report last week, the U.N. Development Program said that only Honduras, El Salvador, Ivory Coast and Jamaica had worse rates than Venezuela's 45.1 murders per 100,000 people. The rate in the United States was 4.2.-  Guns are banned there too.

This guy is an empty suit...........this country is going to hell in a hand basket!

Put him back to driving buses people or your country will go down further the tubes.

Maduro's comments, 'Thank you ACORN and black panthers for coming to  our rescue.'

It seems that Reuters and the major media folks are in the bag for communist Maduro, I don't even know who the guy running against him is!People really need to start demanding better than this.

Socialism diminishes human creativity and inititive!!

The only thing Hugo Chavez had going for himself was he was able to convince the masses he was improving their lives when in fact things were getting worse. Under Chavez PDVSA  did not pay its bills and sevice companies are not supporting the company. The results of this is their oil production has declined although they have huge proven reserves. He prey on the ignorance of his people to maintain his hold on themSocialism and Communism has never worked yet he has pushed this agenda on the people and htey fell for it. The sad thing is the US is doing a lot of the same things and 0bama is preying on the ignorance of the people by convincing them we need to redistribute wealth. Which is a socialistic move that will not work

why dont they like the USA

I would be willing to bet that both Chavez and Maduro were/are getting kickbacks from these gangs to continue allowing them to operate without too much harassment.

Venezuealans have been told that everyone deserves to live the same for years.  If you have more than a poor person, he thinks he has the right to take it.  You can never leave decorative items in your open yard....they'd be gone in 5 minutes.  It is a culture of dependency the govt has stoked.Note he didn't say his bodyguards would be unarmed.

Tell me it isn't so!!  Crime in Chavez's Socialist Workers Paradise?  Every good communist  knows that crime is a product of the poverty and injustices created by greedy, selfish capitalism.  Crime cannot exist in a Peoples Republic.   -- This post courtesy of  an Obama Useful Idiot.

Aw, what a BRAVE man!Sure! Maduro can go bare chested in front of the gangs and nothing will happen to him. He's the head of the mafia! But let any common folk do the same at any time and he/she won't come out of there unharmed or alive.

Don't do that Nic, those are all CIA operatives.

Socialism fails everywhere it is put in forced ! Obama wants socialism for America which will destroy the economy ..Socialism does not work it has never worked !

The Venezuelans in Miami, Houston and New York should return to their country and fight for freedom.

Yeah right go in the night time chicken!!

As it appears South America is broken, always has been and remains so! Why are they so corrupt down there? Maybe not enough white men settled there? Ooops, I said it again! Racist that I am!

If asking the gangs to lay down their arms doesn't work he could try singing Kumbaya or Give Peace a Chance. I hear that works all the time in the socialist alternate universe.

Maduro era y es la puta the chavez..un pendejo sin personalidad..Here we go! "On Sunday, Maduro accused the U.S. Department of Defense and Central Intelligence Agency of plotting to assassinate Capriles and blame it on the government to cause chaos and trigger a coup ahead of the vote."  Maduro is setting the stage to kill his rival and blame the USA.  That is how far the communist regime will go to stay in power.  The moment Capriles looks like he may win, he is a dead man and the communists will blame the USA.  Watch and see.

Cowardly people prefer an oppressive state.

"We'll go without fear, to tell these youths to stop the killing, to give up the guns, to come to Christ the Redeemer!"Let us know how that works out for you....

I can't believe he made it throught the 2002 Bush coup!

I'll be surprised it Capriles is alive on April 14th.

Maduro is full of manuro. He isn't going to do what he said. He'll have a group of bodyguards.. make a 5 minute walk through and claim everything is fine. If he really did what he said he would do, he wouldn't make it through to the other side. He's the perfect ransom target.

Political theater.  They can talk religion, "working" class, and welfare all they want.  Dictatorship is dictatorship just like rape is rape.I should also point out that the communists have always been in cahoots with street gangs around the world.  These gangs traffic drugs, sex, and weapons which the communist regimes use as a middle man so as to have plausible deniability.  The Russian organized crime syndicates worked with the communist regime like a second hand.The reason why a staunch commie like Maduro wouldn't fear walking into these neighborhoods is because they rely on him for their lifestyles.  It is similar to the Democrats in America who fund the lifestyles of their enslaved constituency in the housing projects.  You put out a notice letting them know you are coming, and then they will be out there loving on you public because you just spent someone else's tax dollars on their brand new cell phone.Gimme a break.

Ok so a few staged/paid for/hoods will surrender their guns for the TV cameras.Then they go home and RE-ARM.What will they do next, cover-up and fake/alter the real murder rates?

the only proven way to stop most criminal activity in the longer term is to provide 16 -21 year olds with education and training for real career job oppurtunities, full employment at living wages. This applys to any where in the world.

The Venezuela people need a good man as their leader not a socialist dictator ! That oil money should be use to help the people and used to create jobs ..These Venezuela leaders such as chavez and his buddies have been putting that oil money in their pockets !I feel sorry for the Venezuelen people.To have such a buffoon as acting president.It would be good for Maduro to win because Venezuela will destroy itself within a few months and Caprilles doesn't want to be president when that happens.Maduro will win on April 14 and the country will start collapsing shortly after.Then the food shortages get worse,the crime will get worse and the country will fall into chaos and / or civil war.Hopefully thats when the people will wake up and see that Maduro and Chavismo do not work.Chavez was the glue that held Chavismo together.Without Chavez, Maduros government is doomed

These socialist rulers are snorting too much coke to see reality that they are out of their minds!

"acting President Nicolas Maduro vowed to go on foot, unarmed, into the toughest slums of Caracas and ask the gangs there to lay down their guns"......funeral services for Maduro will be held immediately after the gang members blow his head off.....

I suspect he'll be wearing a bullet proof vest and have plenty of weapons at his side.

So they have the largest oil reserves in the world and still in deep poverty and a crime riddled society, Chavez did not do anything right to help Venezuela, keeping gas at les than 20 cents a gallon was the only way he kept support. He could have learned something from Saudi Arabia and some of the Middle East oil producing countries, look at their economies today. Maduro is an uneducated ex bus driver, it takes a lot more to lead a country that is in total unrest, if he wins Venezuela is doomed, a civil war not out of the question.

Sounds like the new dictastor is planning on killing his opponent and blaming it on someone else....that blame game sure is a tool of the leftists....it wouldn't work if their followers were not such tools....

People there are bigger fools then I though if they believe that bull. First thing Maduro will do is have his thugs go in and clear the streets. Next he will bring in bus loads of his paid supporters to line the streets. And then he will march down the street with the fake adoring crowds. He isn't that brave even then. You can bet there will be plenty of his thugs mixed in the crowd just in case an outsider gets in. Here's a question for you. How does a simple man of means like Chavez accumulate personal wealth of over $2 billion. Maybe his friend Sean Penn gave it to him. Everynight he would sit down counting the peoples money. One penny for the poor, one dollar for me.

The best and effective way to feed any socialist system is to cause terror and intimidate supporters of the opposite party

During fourteen years in Venezuela under chavez more than 160.000 people have been murdered. The goverment provided weapons to the criminals because they support the goverment. Just unbelievable.

Under Chavez and his Socialists-Communists, Venezuela has become one of the most violent nations in the world. What is there to argue about?I never thought I'd say this, but Chavez is looking good compared to this jerk!

FUERA LOS CUBANOS!.

Maduro You are a moron of course nothing is going to happen to you we are talking about common citizens here... Maduro #$%$ you Sociaist #$%$ of #$%$!!!!!

He can try dress like ,talk like ,but the true is he's an idiot and without the "mal nacidos cubanos"..would never accomplish anything..

Keep seeing one thumbs down on these comments ? nick  ya on here where are your comments?

He will not be alone  unarmed nor will his bodyguards ....PROPAGANDAon the skirts of the illiterate and poor...............

Maduro is asking the criminals to put down or turn in the guns...the funny part is that the Goberment  is responsable of supplyng weapons to the a movement or private army call Bolivarian Circuit...this country is a big joke , is time for a change .....

maduro proves "you can't fix stupid"...

Well, he has nothing to fear... he'd be surrounded by his buddies, the chavista criminal gangs... with the guns supplied by the chavista government...

maduro is using chavez picture to win....using the poor people to make sure they vote for this clown. so sorry Venezuela, with this men this great country will go dow as chavez was doing itThis Maduro sounds just like Obama, it's everyone elses fault but his or his governments', they'll probably be best buds someday.

Look whos "blabbing "about crimes , the greed, corrupt fat butt Jew industrial mafia who wants to take over the country!

ignore the opposition and proceed making your nation great!!!! i am very proud of south americans. if it was not for guys like chavez and evo, you would already be in the british or americans hands. Good job!!! never let your guard down. never.

Maduro you are a thief, you are from the same gang they are not going to do anything to you , more than 20.000 deads in a year in venezuela in hands of your friends.... #$%$ you revolution is a #$%$ of #$%$....

Maduro is a socialis #$%$ of #$%$!!!! He is going to win of course.... They have control over the elections who is in the (CNE) The National Electoral Center all of the are Socialist Chavistas.... There's no clean election... the same #$%$ that happens in cuba...

HA\/E Y0U E\/ER BEEN T0 CARCASS \/ENEZALA??? lT'S BEAUTlFUL!!!

I believe Chavez and Maduro. All the perfumes of Arabia can't clean America's hands in terms of Latin America and I hope the Venezuelan people continue with the socialist reforms. The opposition will just be another bunch of traitors willing to sell out the people to Western corporations.

PA' FUERA LOS CUBANOS YA!.

eres un platano maduro!!

no yahoo, Hugo Chavez most certainly DID NOT start ANY programs to bring down homicide, if there was it was a ruse to provide weapons to the gangs of the slums, so THAT is why maduro can walk in there "unarmed"Chavez is still dead, per govt report, unable to spend any of the 13 tons of gold and $2 billion he robbed from the national tresury on October 13, 2012 and shipped by Russian plane to Cuba (Cuba now runs most of Ven.), adding to the millions previously stolen, but his family is doing great, vacationing all over the world, recently in British Col, Canada, Empress Hotel, Van Island, Paris, all by private plane.  Poor Chavez, he worked like a bull for nothing, made idiots rich, including Maburro, who wants to be next Pres, to rob more.  Robbing is OK, but not when you lie to your people and THEREBY force them to live like pigs in a crime infected pig pen, tossing them beans and rice whilst robbing billions.  Too bad the people of Ven. are sooo stupid they buy into all the BS these people feed them, along with the Beans.  Its is sooo sick.

What  USA politician can do it without fear or worst yet, without dying?

Dog does not eat dog.

Chavez was a dictator, but he had some political savvy. Maduro is a buffoon. The socialist republic will not last 18 months.

well ILLITERATE...uneducated

hi

Right, in the slums without guns; they are the gangs, they control them, Chavism started there in the slums, and what for this clown of Cuba needs gun if there are hundreds protecting him there, precisely in the slums. If they need somebody dead who does it for him? The slum's people, and go unpunished. These are the people who harass and threat voters. "We'll go like this, with our chests bare" exactly like his partner Correa from Ecuador did, and these imbeciles still believe this show?

Venezuela has one of the highest murder rates in th world, and most guns including assault weapons, handguns, and hunting rifles are illegal there. According to Venezuelan law, the only guns that are legal are shotguns. And Obama and Feinstein want to get rid of all our guns here. Just goes to show, outlaw them, and only the outlaws will have them!

Venezuela if you want to know what it's like to steal bread to feed family vote for future with Maduro. Castro come on down Primo and bring us down like Cuba.

All dictators use the same tactics, we have seen some of those used in the US.Too bad they didn't give statistics on how Caracas fares against Detoilet or Southside ChiCongo!!

Maduro is a Marxist puppet so whatever this Car Driver says is irrelevant. Why can't we wipe out all The Leftist Marxists in Venezuela. Come Sean Penn and Oliver Stone come out to play.

Most Americas know nothing about VZ and the changes happening there. It is funny to see folks shooting their mouths off and looking like such fools. The cool part is, that Venezolanos don't care, what Americans have to say any longer. haha

Capriles is a western puppet...!

If Nicolas Maduro goes on foot, unarmed, into the toughest slums of Caracas to ask the gangs there to lay down their guns, sadly, he won't have to worry about getting elected, unless he can be elected post mortem.

He'll be unarmed but the 60 or so soldiers most defiantly will not be unarmed and in fact will be armed to the teeth with orders to shoot to kill anybody that steps out of line.

The comunist Maduro is the one plotting against to kill his rival and then blame The empire, justb like cubans killed Payas and the Russians killed Leon trotsky.... they are good at that...no wonder if Capriles is asasinated any time ...they got it all figured ot...its been orchestrated by  the cuban government.....just watch the news in a few days

Capriles is a corrupt clown... he's nothing more than a western stooge and he doesn't care about Venezuela. He will only steal.

What a joke, he was probably with several guards, anybody who touch him is death

If they put a right wing dictator in this time the street crime will skyrocket!Why this journalist is a such #$%$ liar. The most dengerous countries in the world are: Honduras, Guatemala, Colombia, El Salvador and Mexico.......

Chavez was not an enemy of America. He was an enemy of Washington’s hegemony over other countries, an enemy of Washington’s alliance with elite ruling cliques who steal from the people they grind down and deny sustenance. He was an enemy of Washington’s injustice, of Washington’s foreign policy based on lies and military aggression, bombs and invasions.Chavez was a friend of truth and justice, and this made him unpopular throughout the Western World where every political leader regards truth and justice as dire threats.Chavez was a world leader. Unlike US politicians, Chavez was respected throughout the non-western world. He was awarded honorary doctorates from China, Russia, Brazil, and other countries, but not from Harvard, Yale, Cambridge, and Oxford.Chavez was a miracle. He was a miracle, because he did not sell out to the United States and the Venezuelan elites. Had he sold out, Chavez would have become very rich from oil revenues, like the Saudi Royal Family, and he would have been honored by the United States in the way that Washington honors all its puppets: with visits to the White House. He could have become a dictator for life as long as he served Washington.Each of Washington’s puppets, from Asia to Europe and the Middle East, anxiously awaits the invitation that demonstrates Washington’s appreciation of his or her servitude to the global imperialist power that still occupies Japan and Germany 68 years after World War II and South Korea 60 years after the end of the Korean War and has placed troops and military bases in a large number of other “sovereign” countries.It would have been politically easy for Chavez to sell out. All he had to do was to continue populist rhetoric, promote his allies in the army, throw more benefits to the underclass than its members had ever previously experienced, and divide the rest of the oil revenues with the corrupt Venezuelan elites.

he is just checking if money still buy's the vote.

Of course you can go unarmed to those slums because you belong there

Todo esto es campana del inperio americano and yahoo

REMEMBER JEWS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! R FKNG LIARS IN D USA AND WORLDS CULTURES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! JEWS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! = EVIL PLAYS BOTH SIDES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

CAPRILIES IS A USA!!! JEW!!!!! CRONY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!