And just yesterday Yahoo had a story about how the people of Newtown supported 0bama's gun control ideas.  Go figure.

Jer,,,,,, Im outraged,,,,,there it is...

All that propaganda, Michael Moore trying to get the C.S. photos, legislators in a rush to 'not let a crisis go to waste', and the people say - #$%$, I'm getting a gun, period.'

Our government has helped sell more guns in the past 4 months than the NRA has in the past 2 decades.

Isn't it ironic that anti-gun efforts end up putting more guns and ammo on the street than if they had just kept their pie holes shut.

Maybe Obama's gun control thing was in fact a way to get the gun market surging again

How cute. Their little plan backfired.

Of course they do. It took police 20 minutes to respond to call for help from Sandy School. How long do you think it will take them to get to your house? By the time they do your wife will be raped and you and your kids killed. The government can’t protect you but the government wants to take the only thing you have to protect yourself. Criminals don’t care about laws so they will always have guns. Only idiots don’t get this.

I thought newtown hated guns according to the media..........media lies buy a gun today.

Democrat Senate leader Harry Reid scuttled Sen. Feinstein's assault weapons ban already, let's see how Obama handles this, there has to be a way to blame the Republicans.

They also fear global warming, but drive the largest autos.I have a concealed weapons permit and I would never go into a Gun Free Zone and leave my gun behind unless absolutely necessary. Gun Free Zones are where massive amounts of people get KILLED.

The truth is that you are pretty much on your own when it comes to self defense.  You can defend yourself with a gun or a can of peaches or a stick or a rock or a pair of scissors etcetera.  The second amendment says I get to choose whether or not to have a gun.  I decide...Not You!

No AR was used in newtown. I wish they would let it go. They aren't the only people that has lost a loved one.

I want to see a jump in ammo manufacturing.

ALL those people would be correct. The lying Democrats ARE out to take your guns. One step at a time.

340 Sheriffs Refuse To Enforce Unconstitutional Gun Control Laws

Feinstein suck on that!

Well when faced with the realities coming from those in power, the citizen moves to protect their rights.

Seems the media has spewn a lot of BS about throngs of Newtown citizens against guns.

The media will say anything to further the left's agenda.Average responce time for police is 23 minutes-Average speed of a bullet is 2000 feet per second-Enough said!!!!!! NRA keep up the good fight!!!!

Harry Reid and the Senate just nixed Feinsteins Assault Weapons Ban.  I knew it would be DOA.

Don't believe the polls on gun legislation. Most people believe in the bill of rights.

Obama will be taking credit for the jobs he created in the new Gun Boom

It ironic that when CITIZENS obtain gun permits the gun control addicts start calling for tighter restrictions.  People want to be able to protect themselves from someone that intends to do evil and yet the gun controlers want to make these people out to be criminals.  Its not the mentality of the buyers but the lack of mentality of the ones opposing the freedom of the citizens.

If the school at Sandy Hook had burned down because there was no sprinkler system in the building, would they be asking to ban fire? Or would they be asking why there were no sprinklers?This tragedy occurred out of negligence, it was a Gun Free Zone. Gun Free Zones Kill.

well it appears folks are finally getting the message, the government is incapable of immediate assistance in your days of danger, they are always minutes away when seconds matter, protect thyself

This "story" ends with the lie that a Bushmaster was used.The very first reports stated that the Bushmaster was in the trunk of the car. Then the Liberals saw a chance to crucify guns and changed the story so that the Bushmaster was used.Then the media finally relented once the coroners report and police reports were released, stating the Bushmaster was never used and that all victims were shot with one of the four handguns recovered inside the school, and that in fact, the Bushmaster was in the trunk of the car as first reported.

I am soooo glad I live in Texas where I do not have to apply for a gun permit!

Good for Newtown!! ARM YOUR SELF AMERICA  its you patriotic duty!!!!!!!!!smart people, want to protect their family.....rest of u dum dims, just follow the leader.

Now just wait a dog gone minute! The media keeps telling us everyone in Newton is for gun control, now they're telling us that they arming themselves at an unprecedented rate.Somebody done been lyin' AGAIN!

Just like everywhere else...  Citizens who believe in this Nation would see the crisis the same everywhere, in the East, in the West, North and South..  Patriotic citizens are arming themselves in order to protect the Constitution and the spirit with which it was written...People who are anti-gun... need to sit aside and keep their mouths shut...  Not only are they outnumbered, they are also losing their push..  And some are even realizing the fools that Oblamer, Biden and Bloomberg made of them...

The 2nd Amendment appears to be more important than most people thought it was. Did anyone notice that they didn't call the semi-auto used at Sandyhook an "Assault Weapon"? Finally we are seeing some common sense.

The BushMaster Rifle was in Adam Lanza's trunk.It was found there after he shot himself .He did not use the Bushmaster Rifle,he used 4 Handguns.The Liberals are Lying to you to push their Agenda.

Great to hear that some residents still have the sense to protect themselves. There may be hope for the northeast yet.STAND AND FIGHT!

Be a responsible weapons owner, secure your weapons, practice and stay safe.

Gun and Ammunition Salesman of the Year--Five years in a row! Bet Obama never thought it's be him ; )

With all the CNN and MSNBC coverage, I thought that everyone in Newtown wanted to ban firearms. Now why do you suppose they would make reports like that?

Connecticut.....used to be the "Constitution State"....now thanks to all the dem populated cities it is becoming a nanny State, same thing happening to Vermont, New Hampshire, Colorado....bad for a state when the liberals and the democrats start moving in, the damage is swift and irreversible ..... In Ct the largest employer in the State IS the StateHow can that be? The Dems paraded all those people from Sandy Hook out to tell us how they were sooo against guns.

My AR-15 says:  "It's because I'm black, isn't it?"

Every liberal mouthpiece that tries to make law-abiding citizens complicit in such crimes with their guilt-by-association cowardice does more to increase gun sales than any NRA campaign ever could. Keep it up, libs.

The people of CT know that one crazy kid does not mean the entire State or United States should lose their Constitutional rights. They are more concerned with attrocities like the Cheshire, Connecticut, home invasion murders on July 23, 2007, when a mother and her two daughters were raped, set on fire and murdered during a home invasion. They husband a Doctor escaped and lived. The two criminals were caught and convicted.

have people finally realized that you cannot depend on the government to protect you? I for one take responsibility for my personal safety and will do anything necessary to insure it

I thought they wanted to ban guns, sounds like they want to be ready to protect themselves &amp; their family if this ever happens again.

Sadly, the residents of Newtown saw first-hand the tragedy of violence using a gun.  Then they saw a country-wide storm of efforts to restrict, if not outright ban, gun ownership.  By law-abiding citizens that is...criminals don't care about laws.  I'm sure that many Newtown residents, while mourning the loss of innocent children, realized how vulnerable they themselves are to criminals using guns.  It is basic human nature to survive, and the desire to own the tools to help one survive.

All Across the USA, people who have never owned guns are buying them now Because they are afraid of them being banned at a later date when they might need them !

let's pray Obama stops talking ... lower deficit, lower unemployment, stop guns ... things tend to go the opposite of what he says ...

"A good percentage of people are making it clear they think their rights are going to be taken away,"Are they wrong?  Are there not bills currently in front of Congress and State Legislatures that seek to limit citizens' choices in how they might defend themselves?  Are we not seeing efforts by politicians to further restrict the rights guaranteed by the Constitution, and twisting the second amendment's intent by classifying gun ownership as strictly for hunting?People are right to believe their rights are being taken away.  They are.  Two hundred twenty two years of politicians chipping away at the second ammendment have brought us from the days where private citizens and citizens groups owned warships that rivaled anything the naval superpowers of the day could float, or field artillery as late as the mid 1800's to having politicians tell us what we should be able to own, how, when and under what circumstance we should be able to carry or use arms.  What ever happened to freedom and liberty?  People should be able to buy, own and use any arm as long as they are not violating the rights of other citizens.  People should be held responsible for their actions, rather than have society as a whole be made to suffer for the actions of a few evil men or women.The gunman, Adam Lanza, killed all of his victims at the schoolhouse with a Bushmaster semi-automatic rifleKeep tellin' that lie and it still won't be true!

Why do these reporters keeping saying he used an "Assault Rifle"?  He used 2 hand guns.

Kind of odd that they would have an increase in permits when Sandy Hook is ground zero for the gun grabbers right now. I guess even the Newtown residents don't want their 2nd amendment rights infringed on.

Huh?  I thought Newtown was busy trying to take away liberty?  What the heII is going on here?

That's because the police cannot prevent crime - they can only pursue the guilty after the crime has been committed.     Look at all the criticism NYPD got for trying to watch high crime groups.    All the liberals were up in arms claiming that practice was unfair.

I bet this kind of news drives the pillow biting anti gunners nuts.

But I thought everyone in the whole wide world supported Obama and gun control!?  At least, that's what I read on Yahoo every day...

But wait, don't these people know guns are evil?  Just ask idiots like Senator Feinstein.What the idiot elected officials don't understand is thata.  We don't trust them or the "government".b.  GUNS SAVE LIVES!c. We don't trust them!!!!!!!Did I mention Americans don't trust the government?

The Obama Loving Left Wing Media lead us all to believe that everyone in Newtown now hated guns and wanted them banned! More proof of the Lying Left Wing Media! They have an agenda! There is no honor and no truth in reporting anymore! Do not trust one word they say!

The senators and representatives in every part of this nation need to be put on notice that we will not tolerate them violating our constitutional rights  Tell them not to touch the second amendment in any way..we never want a fire, but keep a fire extingisher, handy

The only way to protect you, and yours is to get a gun. You can bet the bad guy will always have a gun.

Harry Reid just dropped Feinstein's assult weapons ban.  Apparently he did not want to be embarassed when it failed to pass.  All politics.

"I'm a little weenie who wets himself when I see a weapon (especially those evil black ones), so I need the government to make them go away..."  I HATE the anti-freedom, er -gun, fools!

Has the media been lying to us again ??

This is happening across the U.S. when States like NY NJ and CT enter an unwarranted assault on the freedoms of their citizens by shoving a series of ridiculous new gun control laws down their throats, we need a Government by the people for all the people.

Yahoo Wont Leave This Article Up Long.....,It Does Not Promote The obama AgendaTo Dis Arm America

If guns are banned I will just denounce my citizenship and they can't/won't touch me.

It usually works backwards when a government tries to take away lawful people owing arms to protect their lives and property - I see it going on everywhere - what the left is doing wrong is blaming lawful good people responsible for all the evil in the world - Stop listening to them

NRA 1 Democrats 0,  Nuff Said.In their hearts, people know that owning a gun makes them safer.

That's because people in Newtown and elsewhere know that no law in the world will prevent criminals and crazies from obtaining any kind of gun or weapon, including machine guns and hand grenades. Only a gun in the hands of a good guy will prevent a bad guy with a gun or any other weapon from killing innocent people. The Liberals' attempt to disarm the people is not dictated by their desire to protect the innocent, but by their scheme to subjugate the masses which, if disarmed, will eventually have to submit to tyranny.

Even the peopein Newtown, that suffered this great tragedy, know what Obama and company is doing is wrong.

Adam Lanza was smarter than I thought - anyone know how he killed all those people with the gun he left in the trunk instead of the ones he took with him?

So now they're looking to ban guns so that every place in the country will be as defenseless as this school was?  Sure sounds like a political solution to me.

The people have spoken...They choose NOT to be victims..

Someone should propose a law that says all democrats are to give up their guns immediately to set an example.

Didn't u run an article last week,that the townspeople agreed with all new gun laws? O right yahoo is a progressive liberal lying machine!!

Why would people in Newtown want gun permits?  Probably the same reason that Mark kelly wants his guns and his concealed carry permit right along with Gabby Giffords.

"A good percentage of people are making it clear they think their rights are going to be taken away,"Does one have to ask permission (e.g. a permit) to exercise a right? Maybe they realize their right has already been demoted to a privilege and with the current push, may be only available to the privileged.What?  I thought the people of Newton were so devistated by this tragedy they jumped on board with the idea of banning guns.  Why would gun permits go up?  You mean the majority of the press coverage was slanted to support a certain agenda.....shocking!

What is this thing they're calling a "gun permit?" According to the 2nd Amendment and the US Supreme Court, the right to keep and bear arms is a personal right. You do not need a permit to exercise a right.

Why does our government continue to ignore history? Tough gun laws have not worked in the past. The criminals don't care about no stinking law. I thought we were supposed to learn from our mistakes. Then again, we keep electing these same thugs into office. Hopefully one day the mass population will figure it out.

Historic spike in gun sales and ammo sales should indicate to the liberal loons that gun control is VERY unpopular. But typical with liberals, they could care less. Its all about their agenda to control the masses.

If So many are Against guns...Why are So many people Buying Guns??  Even the Ones that have Never owned a Gun..??

I guess the only people in NewTown that hated Guns were the people bused in by the Democrats and Media.....

Wait a minute. From the stories I've seen, EVERYBODY in Newtown favored strict new gun control.Is someone only telling part of the story?

If Newtown was so wanting stricter gun control, why then has there been a spike in gun permit applications?  Obama hs victimized teh citizens of Newtown AGAIN.

u never want your boat to sink,,but always keep a life vest handy...

he DID NOT use the bushmaster...it was found in the trunk of the car..please get it right for onceObama is the best gun salesman in the country, He has sold millions during his watch!!!!!!!!!!

After the shock of the awful murders wears off, comes the dawn. Your children don't have to be victims, you don't have to be a victim. A prepared and furious mind will win over a attacker.

"Your taxes won't go up one dime, and you will be able to keep your guns and your doctor."    These people know Koolaid.

Isn't that interesting, some people don't seem to think the government can protect them, or is responsible for their safety.  It would appear that they may think being responsible for themselves and their families might be a good idea instead of waiting on a new law to be passed.

Diane Fienstein doesn't want Law Abiding American Citizens to own guns just Democrats.  She is licensed to carry. Hey Diane, how many millions upon millions of innocent people have been butchered by tyrants all over the world throughout history because they couldn't defend themselves???????????????? Far more than the left will ever acknowledge. That is why Law Abiding Americans must never give up their Constitutional Right to protect themselves from tyrannical politicians!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Funny thing how all the polls the media takes show one thing while the actions(often requiring money spent) shows THE PEOPLE doing the opposite of what the pollsters indicated is desired.  Polls show people support gun control while the FBI reports records background checks on firearms purchases(only slowing when supplies ran out), and a jump in applications for gun permits in the town where we hear they overwhelming support gun control laws.

Well well! Just to show the Liberal press polls are full of sheet!

How on earth did this news get out? And here I was led to believe one man making the rounds testifying for gun control represented all of Newtown.

"...they think their rights are going to be taken away..."   GOOD THINKING.... The man ISbound on taking away YOUR RIGHTS.... Even in the city where the atrocity occurred, they are thinking... hmmmm.........  maybe just maybe.....

Not suprised everyone wants to get a gun before the government gets in the way.Even one of the most high profile anti-gun crusaders was recently exposed for buying one of the rifles he is trying ban, as well as a handgun, while he still had a chance to get them.

I abhor the evil that transpired in Newtown that dreadful day.. but do,nt blame the firearm,, We mock the "nutcases"  ,  cut spending on mental illness, common sense, ( simple gunlocks) is replaced by "if it looks like a gun, it must be removed"  Mostly though, I pray for the children and our nation. Yes, pray, as in Dear Lord.

People, EVERYWHERE in America, are afraid of the govt.

Interesting this story comes out "after" the latest round of more restrictive gun law proposals in Conn, not before.  No agenda there, eh Free Press?

," killed all of his victims at the schoolhouse with a Bushmaster semi-automatic rifle" show me where "assault weapon" was used in this article????

Applications for gun permits have jumped in Newtown ?  I thought that was where all the Anti-Gun laws were coming from ?  Or was the just the Anti-Gun media talking !

This is happening everywhere and i encourage people who have no interest in owning a gun to file for a permit. The 2nd Amendment is a right and it's being stripped away bit by bit.

obomo never goes anywhere without,,guards with guns...guns, guns.

Obozo : I can't take over America if every right winger has a weapon !

Nobody at Newtown was killed with a Bushmaster. JOHN CHRISTOFFERSEN I just forwarded this to a whole lot of people who are gonna probably sue you for deliberately printing false information. Took a screenshot too for when you realize what an idiot you are and try to cover it up.There is currently a one year waiting period to buy an AR~15. Today I was at my local Wal Mart and there was a line of customers waiting at the sporting goods desk. I asked what they are waiting for, ammo? They said yes. I asked do they have it. We don't know, but they are unloading a trailer in the back and we hope there is some ammo on it so we wanted to be in line just in case ammo arrived! .......Can you even Imagine?!! American Patriots are very afraid of their Dictator in Chief! And his Total Destruction of America!

Wow, according to the liberal press everyone in Newton was firmly against guns; another lie.

I have read that people posting on this story, find it ironic that anti-gun panic has actually increased the sale of guns in America. I find it Ironic that one of the most restrictive states for gun ownership and a state where teachers are forbiden by law to have a gun on school grounds has the mass killing, while the state of Utah, that allows teachers to have guns in the classroom, has NEVER had a school shooting! Very IRONIC!

I like the response from a previous poster: You keep a fire extinguisher handy even though you may have the fire dept. on speed dial; just as you keep a gun handy to keep things inline until the police arrive. Be prepared and you'll be calling for the Lab; not the Law. Keep up the fight!

No #$%$.47% of us are ready to stand up to a corrupt and over-reaching government.53% of us haven't realized they voted for their own demise.

Gee why?  The government did such a good job of protecting the Children the first time around.  I know let's make it even harder or even impossible for law abiding citizens to protect themselves, that should work.

Once again, the reality on the ground is not what the lame stream media is reporting.

Hitler and Stalin enforced gun control / confiscation.

Alot of smart people in Newton.

I wonder why.From the article: "The second-highest week for background checks came mid-January as President Barack Obama announced sweeping plans to curb gun violence.""Sweeping plans to curb gun violence" evaporated faster than those "shovel ready jobs" and "cutting the deficit in half".Obama is a idiot, a liar and a fool. The only ones more dumb than he are the clowns that voted for him.

Smart People!!!

stuiped Obama and his DAM DEMOCRAT,S WANT TO TAKE ALL OUR RIGHT,S AWAY.

Even the citizens of Newtown wants to be able to protect themselves...

So that's why Bloomy switched to banning high capacity sodas instead! Not everyone hates guns as ObummerMedia wants you to believe.

The first step in enslaving a nation is disarming it's citizens.

I'm a Racist for criticizing Obama.I'm a Terrorist because I want to protect my 2nd Amendment rights.I'm a Teabagger for supporting the Constitution.I'm a National Security Threat because I speak my mind.I'm a Birther because I dare question the documentation of the President.I'm a Trouble Maker for asking unanswered questions.I'm a Traitor for exposing the corruption of my Government.I'm a Conspiracy Theorist for presenting documented facts.I'm an Anti-American for not towing to the party line.I'm a War Monger because I support our Troops.I'm a Greedy Capitalistic because I believe I am entitled to what I earned.Guilty as Charged, and Proud of It!

But we were told newton residence wanted gun control...what's this all about

All i have to say is for the people not to stop here. Keep calling your senators and speaking  your mind. It is our country and our constitution to protect.

I thought the rifle was in his trunk and he used handguns (only because I saw with my own eyes the police retrieving the rifle from his car's trunk.)I'll bet they don't want to have their soda cups banned or illegals to be given citizenship, either.

wait. am i actually reading this on yahoo?

Progressive liberal "Gun Free School Zones" have created killing zones for perpetrators.

Obama has been the NRA's firearms salesman of the year 4 years in a row.

help/treat the mentally disturbed individuals and keep them away from guns. this is the only "law" that is needed!

When governments threaten liberties, moves to protect them proliferate.

the usa,,,is different from other countries.....we have a constitution...support &amp; defend ...right to bear arms, shall not be infringed........but my new gun permit cost 80.25....

oh liberal media, you never seem to amaze me, always good for a laugh.

all the 'polls' show favor of gun control, but all of reality shows the gun control crowd is the minority.how does that happen, 'polls' cant lie??    heh.

This article is an anomaly in space-time, don't expect to see it for very long. It's like the one from a day or two ago that dared to say a majority of Americans think illegals should be deported before applying for legal status.obumer is sending all kinds of weapons to muslim radicals, but he wants to dis-arm lawful american gun owners, thats #$%$ Sarah Palin off, me too

Very Safe Town now..

I hope many of those applications are for educators. So if anything ever happens again. They can actually protect the kids and themselves. Instead of waiting to be slaughtered.

Maybe Newtown should strengthen the laws for CRIMINALS who gain access to guns

I swear I just read a story saying how Newtown was "all-for" Obama's gun bans. I guess hard facts outway their bias "polls" we see weekly.

A "surge" in gun sales is putting it very mildly...Has anyone tried to buy a gun or ammunition lately??  It is non-existant and/or very, very costly. I would say it classifies as a good ole fashioned "run" on any and everything to do with guns... so excited to hear that the "Gun Ban" has been stripped from the package of proposals... Now to deal with the insane "universal Registration" part...

not just newtown buddy

He did not use a Bushmaster.

A majority of good people are PRO-GUNNERS in Newtown.........a fact never reported.

I'm not rushing out and buying a gun, but will if I think I may need one.  I also will get myself a big dog if needed.  Not too many people will break into a home where there is a dog of any size, especially a big one.When politicians think they can take away rights that are clearly spelled out in the Constitution and treat them as privileges due to popular opinion I would hope if you are an American you would see the need for ropes and the nearest tree.

Will the news media come out in support of the people in Newtown and their obvious desire to own weapons for self protection?

Well I guess the debate about stricter gun control laws has fallen on deaf ears, smart people know the only way to protect yourself against a crazy person with a gun is to have your own bigger one.

The complaints of neighbors over gunfire from shooting ranges could be made less by the more common use of suppressors on the firearms. But lawmakers see suppressors as evil.My state says the suppressor is illegal, therefore, I cannot purchase one. But they are allowed in other states with a payment and license from BATF.

Anything related to guns has surged significantly since our alleged representatives called for a ban on guns. It has, by far, been the best "stimulus" program obama and the democrats ever came up with.

Ammo is getting hard to get, most stores are out, prices up, Govt is stockpiling ammo, I wonder why.

Never believe a liberal when they talk about simple background checks. What they really means is they want a giant database of every gun owned by every person. It has nothing to do with checking eligibility and everything to do with tracking.

Hitler and Stalin enforced gun control and confiscation.

UH-OH, looks like things aren't going according to script : )

When a liberal society cannot and will not protect its children, and refuse to execute monsters, then parents have to resort to self-defense, and perhaps even justice.The People have spoken, the question is are the Communists in the white house listening?

Well come on dear mr prez..explain to us...WITH ALL YOUR MILITARY EXPERTISE....how this is happening????

No reason to expect these folks to behave any different that the rest of us. None of us American Citizens want our rights taken away from us. The Constitution was ratified by Conn. just like the rest of the country.

The cops showed up AFTER the teachers and children were murdered. It is good to see Americans take time to receive the proper training with firearms. Some day they might be in a position to protect their family and themselves and their property.

Looks like the liberal media is losing their battle on gun control. Good for America! Finally standing up for their rights instead of giving them up for a bigger piece of gubment cheese.

protect your own family....obomo has plenty of secret service for his,,,not u

Thank you libs for increasing armed Americans.  Are you sure you're not closet GOP?

When your agenda doesn't match the facts or the will of the people, it's time to change your agenda.

People dislike being controlled. This is still the USA. The Dictator and his regime can stuff it.

So let me get this straight, Newtown..... the town where the horrible massacre killed scores, the town who's council is pleading for stricter gun control, the town, who's tragedy sparked a major push toward severely restricting or repealing the 2nd amendment....... is selling guns at  at a level which is double the previous levels.Looks like the town that stirred the debate doesn't even truly want to curtail or limit gun sales.Hmmmmm....... wonder who is pushing for the reforms then?Outstanding. This is exactly what law abiding citizens should be doing. Excercise your constitutional rights now, before you lose them - they will take them away if they can. The more of us who excercise our rights and speak out, the less chance they have of destroying the second amendment. Drive on Patriots.

the only way to defend yourself or kids from a criminal or nut  with a gun is to have a gun yourself

Take scissors to a gun fight...... Excellent advice!

Sorry Newton, but a tragedy on your part does not constitute a confiscation of rights on my part.

I live 5 miles from Sandy Hook and the national media has inaccurately portrayed us as a community that detests guns. What a pack of liars. Most of them have never been to Newtown. This is not an anti gun community. The permit requests speak for themselves.

It's your Right . Don't be ashamed you are using it or that you need it .

And ...talk about the fact that 90 million people with over 300 million guns killed no one last year. He also doesn’t mention that over 2.5 million people used guns to save their lives last year and in most of those cases, simply pulling the gun stopped the crime

No no no - people of Newtown, please stop buying more guns.  We are making laws that will make you safer and another massacre will never happen again.  Well, this bill would not have stopped the shooter, but it will make you safer!!!  No, it won't stop criminals from obtaining guns, but it is legislature to control guns for the rest of you.  No, it won't make your schools safer, but we do have "No Gun" signs on the front!!!

Get rid of the Illegals, and the gangs that they brought from south of the border. Those that stay and want to commit crimes, let them reap their weight in lead at high velocities.

Liberals only want you to not have access to gunsAnd still there no mention of mental health law reform - again.

A sad sight to see - law-abiding citizens asking their masters if they can exercise their 2nd Amendment rights.

How Ironic is that. While the rest of the Liberals in the World are demanding gun control the people of Newton have decided to arm themselves because they feel their 2nd Amendment rights are going to be taken from them.

What do you expect when these crazy mental cases are on the loose most everywhere  planning for months or years to kill people??

From my cold dead hand. NO MORE GUN CONTROL!!!!!!!!

They can see the writing on the wall. It's just a shame it took a tragedy to get this town to wake up. Their School Board voted to allow ARMED guards to walk the halls at their schools from now on. If only they would have had more forthought years ago those kids and adults may still be alive today.

They realized that you have to defend yourself because the police can't get to you before something happens.

As it should be - the law abiding citizens exercising their rights.  God bless America.

Millions of additional guns now in the public's hands simply because some of our government officials might renege on the oath they all took. It's a trust thing!

It's kind of a reverse of the gun banners who used to post on Yahoo falsely claiming that they were hunters against guns.You were supposed to think "Wow. Even hunters are in favor of gun control now, so I am too".Now you can think "Wow. Even the people of Newtown are against new gun control laws"even where I live the people relize as long as there are democrat liberals arround there is a good chance of another mass murder  guns don't kill people voters of the democrat party do.ask fort hood, lanza, holmes , and giffordso get your permit before a foreward to hope and change progressive democrat liberal KILLS YOU  also.

Even Mark Kelly is Buying guns....Go Figure!!!

They're buying even though they think the guns are going to be banned. I love it. Do you really think that any of these people that just spent good money on a firearm are going to give them up? These laws are jokes. All they are going to do is turn good law abiding citzens into criminals for wanting to protect their homes and families! Guns in good hands make the whole community safer because the criminals aren't the only ones armed. They know th police are just there to clean up the mess after the crime. And so do the police!

You would think everybody in Conn. was like the Liberal Press!

Maybe the citizens are waking up to the fact that We The People have been "hoodwinked" one time too many, by those that are supposed to represent our interests!

The #$%$ enforced gun control too.

They keep on telling the lie..that the Sandy killer used a AR15 on the kids and what he actually used was 2 hanguns. Why should we believe ANY liberal reporter....they continue to lie.............

This is a slap to the gun grabbers when this town worries about gun confiscation..

This speaks volumes. Libbys need to listen up.

if we are smart we will buy from the individual while we can legally.no records.then probably illegally if the progressives have their way.no one wants a flat tire,,,so carry a spare, anyway..

They might as well as it was just reported that assault weapons  bans would not be in the Democratic's gun bill...

Lanza's Bushmaster was found by police in the trunk of his car. How did he shoot all the people, then put the gun in the trunk ? Word is, he shot all involved with two pistols. The media invented the 'assault rifle' connection for ratings purposes on the 5 o'clock news, and it stuck.

Meanwhile... Obama just pardoned a guy that was sentenced to 4 years in prison for gun-crimes while he pushes his anti-gun agenda.

Good for them.Protect yourself &amp; your loved ones.

The people in Newtown have finally figured out what many of the firearms owners in the rest of the country have known for years, the police can't protect you or your family and if you don't protect yourselves you are screwed. The citizens of Conn. need to let their polititions know that they don't need more unenforceable laws restricting the honest people. They need to go after the criminals and mental cases that are committing the crimes.

Did gun manufacturers contribute to Obama's campaign? He sure is a good saleman for them.

I live in Florida, after a hurricane you can watch the thugs looking into homes that have been evacuated, stealing anything and everything they can. Since cops can't be everywhere all at once, the only thing that stops the looters is a resident with proper arms. One armed resident can save an entire neighborhood from looting. An AK47 or AR15 comes in really handy at those times. Wouldn't trade mine for anything and I am never going to give them up. BTW, residents with arms, protecting property from looters IS the definition of a militia.

Zerobama and the gun control dems say that gun bans are what the nation wants - - newtown (who obama used as a guinea pig) seems to say that isn't so.  another zerobama issue, another lie.

A Tale of Two Cities:...................................................Chicago , IL............ Houston , TXPopulation..................................2.7 million................2.15 millionMedian HH income....................$38,600..................... $37,000% African-American.....................32.9%.......................24%% Hispanic...................................28.9%.......................44%% Asian..........................................5.5%.........................6%% non-Hispanic White..................31.7%.......................26%A reasonably similar matchup -until:.................................................Chicago, IL............... Houston, TXConcealed carry gun law................No.............................Yes# of gun stores.................................0.............................. 84Homicides, 2012...........................506...........................207Homicides per 100k........................8.4............................9.6Average January high temp, F........31.............................63Gun Control Advocate Conclusion: cold weather causes murder.Some of those applications might be for the new, armed security the school district hired.

Just remember: when seconds count, the police are minutes away.

And why is this?  Maybe because people realize that they need to protect themselves and their families and that the police can't do it.

Increased gun ownership is a good thing as long as the people buying the guns learn how to use them safely and actually practice shooting them to maintain their skills.  Most of the country will be safe except Chicago, New York and now Colorado, any more "bright" politicians want to restrict guns and have the gangs and bad guys take over your cities and states?

sandy hook was a rotten stinking gun grabing lie

In related news liberals in connecticut countered the increase in permit applicationss by applying for sodomite marriage licenses.

Funny how that works...

Good News, surprised that the #s are not greater.

Go figure Americans still want their 2nd Amendment Right!!! Go away Elitiest Liberals and stop trying to push your agenda!!!!

Putting a "gun free zone" sign on a building is not stopping mentally ill people from doing unspeakable things there. It is obviously considered a safe spot for them, since they are the only one that is armed.Best gun control is a steady aim.

hey yahoo this is number seven so far..seven stories bout guns, and I commented on all so far. don't know if I can keep up with you. hey folks try to keep up with me. Todays challenge: try to keep up with yahoo by commenting on all gun stories, so far i have I'm seven for seven.

Two good things about "gun control" are:1) It doesn't work2) When threats and laws ensue, more people become armed

They know what it means to be a victim,the police can't be everywhere we have to be able to protect ourselves,that doesn't make us gun crazy nuts,just smarter then the rest who think taking guns out of law abiding people hands is the right thing to do.the people of newtown don't think so.

you have to have a permit to HAVE a gun?? sounds a little infringe-y to me.

Hey LIBS....AND Newton....how ya like that SENATE strike down on the gun ban ? LMAO

The tragedy inspired democrats to push their agenda...which pushed gun owners to push back.  I just realized that in Lansing MI there is an open carry seminar Thursday in which people are going to be all carrying and this is all sparked due to this tragedy.  PS..I will be going if I can!

Obama is the best gun salesman in history..."A good percentage of people are making it clear they think their rights are going to be taken away," said Robert Berkins, records manager for Newtown police."....They are being taken away.

Self defense is not only a Constitutional Right...it is a HUMAN RIGHT!

What is this? Just yesterday Yahoo was reporting these residents wanted guns "out" of our hands!  By the way, media is just reporting that the assault weapon ban can't get out of Fiendstein's committee!Where's all the #$%$ polls now, saying most are against the US citizen owning weapons?

Is our liberal media looking stupid now, or what?

We'll be ripe for gun control when people feel no need to own guns.  So until folks no longer lock their doors at night, because crime and violence are unheard of and the mentally ill are safely tucked in assylums, the gun represents the last line of defense against the unthinkable.  I have lost count of the number of non-gunowners I know who have asked me about guns and carry permit classes -- and then taken the classes and bought the guns.  The idea that fewer people are buying more guns is hogwash, if my experience is any indication.  And those new buyers are primarily urban twenties to forties who favor semi-automatic pistols and AR-15 style rifles.  They'll never hunt, but they will go to a range a few times a year, and they take comfort that they've got a last line of defense in the unlikely event that they ever have to protect themselves.  And they're ready for the Zombie Apocalypse, which is really, really important . . .

that is because people well know that they need to protect themselves and they know what the left is trying to do.

Obozo- The best gun salesman of all time.

The purchasing of firearms is not unexpected in New Haven when the Liberals realize the police cannot protect them from violence.

Thanks to Obama and company, more guns and ammo have now been sold then ever before........nice job at gun control. ....How did that work out for you?

Apparently the people of Newtown are not as stupid as the democrats believe!

All these liberals and pundits saying how people would feel if it were their kid at newtown. Well the people of Newtown are now telling you how they feel, got it ?

Anyone remember the Chuck Norris Movie, "Code of Silence", where two thugs decide to rob a bar not knowing that is the local hangout of cops. They come in with a shotgun and pistol and are literally surrounded with pistols pointing at them from all directions. That's what it appears the world is going to become. Everyone armed and the first one out of line will get blasted from all directions. Looks as though we are returning to the wild west days where everyone carried a pistol and the law was outnumbered and outgunned. The only good thing about the justice back then was convicted criminals were hung for their crimes instead of wasting tax dollars sitting in a jail cell year after year.The Newtown targedy is a mental heath tragedy. Just like 27 out of some 30 mass shootings ,over the last 8 years, the events involved perptrators who had been diagnosed with mental heath problems and also were being treated with prescribed "psychotropic drugs".Two of the other mass shooting were committed by known Islamic Terrorists ie Major Hassan at Ft. Hood (he shot over 25 people, and the two nut -jobs driving around the Washington DC Beltway and up and down RT 95 shooting from the trunk of there car. that leave only one mass shooting out of 30 that involveld normal people. And not this...most Newtown residents including most parents understand these facts.  Sincerely a 39 year resident of Newtown and father of five.

Do as I say, not as I do.

So far, Obama and his cronies have done wonders for the firearms economy. When he was first elected, it went crazy, but since December it has been much crazier. It's ironic, to say the least. The price of many firearms has risen substantially as demand has outstripped supply. Popular ammunition and reloading components are very hard to find at reasonable prices. Many manufacturers are months behind, if not more. If they threatened to ban new cars and people starting buying them like they have guns and ammo, car lots would be empty in a week.

Same thing happening here in the People's Republic of Maryland, I just heard on the radio this morning.

The U.S. Military would never attack the American People, but they would wipe out the  terrorists that living in your house in a heartbeat. Why do we not understand this?

Or maybe their mentality is "Holy #$%$! It CAN happen here, I need a gun to defend my self and my family!"Funny how 4 months later, after all of the press about how the people of Newtown supoprt gun bans and parading around of the victims' families by Oweblamer, the same day they decide to drop the "assault weapons" portion of the bill because they know it will not pass, there is an article stating that half of Newtown is pro-gun.

Those who bend their swords to plowshares, usually end up plowing for those who did not..

yahoo is STILL spreading falsehoods.  IT WAS HANDGUNS!  The Bushmaster was in the trunk of the car.,

The ironies of life, they want to have less guns with anti-gun legislation and here goes the town purchasing more guns.So much for gun control.LOL

well how you like dem apples?the parents whose kids died from gun violence, I spit on you, you will no longer to get my sympathy because you can't think, you try to blame and punish us instead of the crazies that killed your kids.

It's not just there. Applications for permits are skyrocketing. The lines are literally out the door.

Those who wish to infringe upon our rights (granted by the Constitution) have caused a groundswell of support for those self-same rights.Thanks folks.

Wouldent it be wonderful to see the main stream media ,answer this  //////

Obama and his liberal idiots good luck trying to beat real Americans down with BS and good luck trying to my guns and millons of other you CHOOCH

This is something that the Gov, Malloy just doesn't get.  There is a certain organized segment of anti-gunners that have gotten a lot of press, especially from Newtown.  But, by far, most people in CT want their gun rights.  Last week at legislative Office Bldg in Hartford, pro-gun lobby day, over 3000 took off work and showed up to lobby legislators.  Anti-gun lobby day=150.

Imagine that, Newtown has Real American Patriots who believe in the Second Amendment!!!

The shooter at sandy hook took 2 hand guns into the school, not an AR15.  This artical is lieing to push their agenda!

I thought everyone in Newtown supported tougher gun laws and weapons bans....what the...could we be getting just half of the story????

Now you anti-gun people can stop blaming the NRA.  Even people in Newtown wish to keep their 2nd Amendment rights.  Obama is the best gun saleman ever."A good percentage of people are making it clear they think their rights are going to be taken away," said Robert Berkins, records manager for Newtown police.Our system is truly flawed if Rights can be taken away by politicians acting on emotion.  I thought we had a constitiution and Bill of Rights to prevent temporary politicans from infringing on our rights.

WE THE PEOPLE have spoken, you just have to LISTEN....III%

Oh yeah now we get it Obama bought up stocks in the major gun manufacturers pretty clever!

PEOPLE.... Want To Be Able To Protect Then Selves, It took police 20 minutes to respond to call for help from Sandy School ! ........And obama Wants To Disarm America

All that stink &amp; uprising from people that know nothing &amp; hand NOTHING to do with Newton. Now Newtown is arming up. That's eating your own words!

I guess these would be the real citizens of Newtown and not the Government actors that staged that anti-gun sham.

The left and Diane Feinstein care so much about their fellow Americans that is why she and her lefty comrades passed Obamacare without even knowing (never read it) what was in the legislation they approved!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Obama told us it would reduce the cost of health care and not add "one dime" to our defict! Not according to the GAO (Federal Government Accounting Office) - the average cost increase to the American family is $7,000 annually; Obama said it wouldn't exceed $1 trillion annually; latest cost estimates put it over $2.5 trillion with obamacare adding $6 trillion dollars to our already broken bank account deficit which is still rising!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!If these folk will go to these lengths to control Americans what does that say about what they'll do to us when they take away our ability to defend ourselves- gun control !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I know the answer and so do millions of Law Abiding American Citizens!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Obama, Biden, Feinstein, Bloomberg etc are best gun/ammo salesmen in history not only can you not find most guns for sale (all sold out) but you cannot even buy a box of simple little .22 ammo (all sold out). Box of .22 ammo that sold for less than $20 a box for 500 rounds is selling for $50-$100 on internet now due to demand and some guns have doubled in price if you can even find them

I think Janet Napolitano and Dianne Feinstein should go over to Newtown and "confiscate" those guns!

Its not a sin to protect yourself.....family......neighbors.......schools.....towns.You bet. Don't be without self defense in this world anymore. There are way to many nuts out there, and its time to protect our families. Just think,  if even one person would've had a gun at any of the massacre's that have happened, how many lives would've been protected?!

Like porn, booze and strippers if you do not like guns or feel comfortable with them you do not have to purchase them.However what right do you have to infringe on a law abiding citizens right to buy, keep and bear arms?These anti-gun people are as looney as the anti-smoking people except they have not gained any traction, yet................

This is good news.  This means more LAW ABIDING citizens are equipping themselves with the tools needed to protect themselves and their families from the CRIMINALS who wouldn't bother getting a permit.

Getting a weapon is no problem, getting a quantity of quality ammo at a fair price, that is another story.

Newtonians need to get their facts straight before they help the government to perpetrate a hoax. No pictures of crime scene, no death certificates, phony funerals for empty coffins, etc. -- I still want to figure out how the Bushmaster found in the cars trunk miraculously made its way into the school? Is it one of the new models with feet?

The Bushmaster mentioned in the article was NOT used to kill those children. More attempts by the liberal media to keep telling a lie and hope people believe it to be true.

The #$%$ began gun confiscation by saying, THERE IS A CRIME PROBLEM.Then there was a Jewish problem and it kept on from there. ( D ) party - Marxistsare NEVER to be trusted.

Never in Human History has making oneself weaker made one safer. Yet here in CT, that's exactly what the Democrat State Government is intent on doing to its citizens.

Are there any intelligent liberals left in America. Even in Newton Americans are saying You Ain't Taking Our Guns. Socialist/Democratic politicians take notice, or be replaced.

The lefties' anti-gun campaign has provided the NRA with more publicity, members, money, and power than they've EVER had, at the expense of any credibility the lefties may have had at the start! Obummer and F(rank)einstein's stock has gone WAY down! The lefties will pay for their extremism in the 2014 elections! Can't wait!Is it possible new buyers are not concerned with losing their rights but maybe concerned about losing their life to some one who has a weapon.  Self protection is the only true protection we have.

Sounds like they are acting with their brains, not their hearts.    No one will ever condone the horrible acts that transpired there, but those acts will never equal our losing a constitutional right.

No Ct., you may not have a gun.  Forget the Minutemen.  You are not even fit to carry their bags.

To keep the kids safe, as they are at home there should be more applications for gun ownership and carry.    We should all understand that, before the libs grab the guns and run.  The libs will leave an ounce of pot for every gun grabbed.

I think the tone deaf Democrats are going to pay dearly at the polls in 2014.

I have no problem with most people having guns.   But we really have to do a better job of keeping them out of the possession of criminals, mentally handicapped, and gangs in general..Another thing is people should have to be responsible for their weapons...  Leaving them under the pillow where their teen can get them is not responsible...Quite frankly, explain exactly how a weapon can be available for protection yet safely out of reach of children...When we were kids we found everything, from the condoms to what ever else, but the guns were locked in a safe (we found the key for that too).  DamLuckyto be alive

They do not fear NRA member, they fear DNC members

They do not fear Sarah Palin and the Tea Party they fear Obumer and the democrat party

Just more proof of how bias the liberal/media has been...

Wow, in the town where (we have been told by the media) everyone is against guns and for more gun control, the request for gun permits has gone UP?  What is going ON here?  Perhaps the media has LIED to America?Feinweasel and all of HER TYPE will lose.

The only thing that could have stopped sandy hook would have been an armed individual to put down the idiot with murderous intent, there was no assault weapon it was in his trunk. The principles courageous attemp to warn others and cost her her life could have possibly been avoided if she was armed. Not for sure but you have a better chance if all you have is an opinion to point at the attacker. Its a fact that women armed or unarmed are a very dangerous bunch when protecting their children, there is no such thing as a gun free zone, the crazies and the criminals don't follow the law.

So apparently the entire population of Newtown is not anti-gun as the media says they are. Hmmm

So why does the statistical evidence fly in the face of the polls taken on the gun control issues?  Oh... never mind.

The left is dumbfounded as to why a law abiding citizen would want to own a gun.

This only shows how bad the liberal left lies like a dog

Many people are now seeing the light. You and only you are responsible for your safety.Don't take your safety or your rights lightly.

So, yesterday a story about how Newtown wants gun control. Today a story about gun sales numbers going way up. Which story do you think the media is manipulating versus the media reporting facts and factual numbers?

people don't trust the government to do anything right.

Maybe this will work out, having our government look to declare war on private gun ownership.  After all, look at their other "wars," like the one on drugs and poverty.  We'll end up with more guns than we ever had before.Shocking!! I wonder why?  Can any one explain this to me?  Maybe one of you hard core gun control advocates.

whats this telling you boys??   DON"T BAN THE GUNS!!!

Good for them. They are doing it the legal way by getting a permit, which means they probably will be responsible gun owners. Responsible gun owners aren't the problem, it's the one's that don't obey laws that are the problem.

It's not just Newtown, permit apps are up everywhere, gun sales up everywhere. You go to the range nowadays and it's 40+% women and people of all political persuasions. The gun grabbing communists are rallying the country around the 2nd amendment and they're too corrupted to even realize their communist plan is backfiring in their crooked faces.

Don't ever let anyone disarm us America. Forget hunting, we need weapons to protect us from governments that purchase 1.6 BILLION hollow point rounds and thousands of assault vehicles. Take a good look at what the Cyprus government attempted to do this week. Wake up America!!!

it shows the people arent stupid and they couldnt be brainwashed by the idiotic main stream media.. woot!!

" Only a few applications get turned down for permits each year" Imagine that! This is all you need to cull out the offenders. That is, the ones who apply. The sleazy ones will not apply, and still get guns! Gun control= hitting the target in tight patterns!

These people have what our Anointed one in the WH does not...Common sense....The only way Newton type of killings will stop is when the world ends....So arm yourself and protect yourself and family the best way you know how.....

Every time there is a mass shooting event, the vultures launch. I find it absolutely fascinating. A bunch of people get murdered, and the same usual suspects show up with the same tired proposals that we’ve either tried before or logic tells us simply will not work. They strike while the iron is hot, trying to push through legislation before there can be coherent thought.

Most Felons are Democrat Spawn!!You mean the communist propoganda coming out of the White House aint workn even in Blue Baboon State number 1 ? I' m GOB SMACKED ! Hahahahahaha.....

It is such a crime when politicians push these illegal feel-good laws that are SO obviously against the wishes of their constituents.  It is treasonous behavior, plain and simple.

"HYPOCRISY". thy home is in Conneticut.

amazing all the government controlled polls and media say the american public are in favor of  gun control, NOT, americans do not trust this corrupt government any longer, the good ole U.S.A. is turning into a third world country, thank s OBlamer, God bless the NRA, common decent americans standing up to a dictator

I was for a ban on assault weapons until I watched MSNBC and Pierce Morgan now I'm against any type og gun control.The Presidents little phony tear didn't help him.

HA! Take THAT Obammy! You can put your new weapons bill where the sun don't shine!

Hey ,,, Ma'am Feinstien,,, evidently,, we all know you are a 6th grader,, but a dangerous one

What's the chances of these folks being a backdrop for Obama's speeches?  For some reason, liberals coninue to fail to understand the concern law abiding citizens have.  The government can't keep drugs out of the hands of criminals, they can't keep immigrants from overrunning the country - law abiding citizens realize that non-law abiding people are even more dangerous when they are the only ones armed.

Come on, what liberal wants to ban your guns? Besides Obama and the entire DNC

The gun manufacturers and gun stores of America would like to extend a personal thank you to all you liberals for a record year of sales. A special thank you to all the the liberal press for the free advertising significantly adding to the bottom line. From the heart, thank you!ummm. Surprise, surprise.

No surprise.......

If you don't think your right to keep and bear arms might be infringed, then think again. Mine were, and arbitrarily so. It took them three weeks to fix their problem and I never received so much as an apology--just a form letter informing me that they were mistaken.Additionally, many #$%$ patients are deprived of their gun rights in states where medical #$%$ is available. In some of these states, the right to keep and bear arms AND the right to their medicine are BOTH affirmed in the state constitution. The right to drink alcohol is NOT in the state constitution, but they don't deprive drunks of their right to keep and bear arms, unless they actually hurt someone.The bottom line folks: get your guns now. Ammo, too. They're sneaky sons of female dogs.

Barrack Hussain Obama- Bushmaster salesman of the year!

O'Banana is a moron - they change the subject or play the race card &amp; ends in tears

how odd . . thought people from newton ALL hate guns . .

Why the media blackout on this false flag operation?

Newtown should arm up. Some schools keep ARs at the ready in their admin offices... had that been the case, we would be loving these kids today. But neglegent liberals have destroyed the lives of these kids out of political correctness and belligerence.

Did the complacent sheeple just realize the dangers presented by "gun free zones" ?I am a gun owner, and will defend myself, my family, property, community, state and country against criminals, including corrupt career politicians and all they send to disarm and enslave us, both foreign and domestic. I am duty bound by the Pledge of Allegiance, our Constitution, the 2nd Amendment and as an American citizen to do so.

WE DON'T NEED GUN CONTROL............WE NEED NUT CONTROL..........AND WE CAN START IN WASHINGTON DCJanet Napolitano bought 1.6 billion bullets and 2,700 armored tanks in the past 3 months.Who protects us from Homeland Security and this administration?

Even in Newtown they realize that a firearm is nothing more than a tool. It's a dangerous tool that must be respected but it has no agenda, doesn't make people do anything they wouldn't otherwise do.

Newton finally figured out who has to defend who.

The left wing extremist anti-gun people, obviously do not know what is best for us. People want to protect themselves and thier families. Sandy hook was a wake up call, for many, if you don't have a gun, you might want to get one. Not to mention we need to protect the Bill of Rights from those who would take it away!

Once again liberals the gun manufacturers thank you for making their sales skyrocket..

Kinda pimp slaps the 'do-gooder' libs and their radical, looney left, commie, phony agenda.

Yet we are being lied to with statements that imply Newtown is for gun bans! Gottal love the main stream (pee) news.

Molon labe.

People are starting to wake up to what our RED COAT POS president is trying to do.Most of you will not understand what I mean by that.But most do comprehend that berry is bad news for this coutry.

"The TRUTH will out"!Even the people of Newtown know taking guns away is a bad idea.Liberals just parade the people in front of the liberal media camera`s that agree with there agenda to disarm Americans.

Well, they  have finally begun to wise up.

Gee, what a surprise.

BAM!!! suck sphincter libs!

The democrat progressive liberal attack on gun ownership has had the opposite effect they intended.   They have placed more guns in the hands of citizens than a gun marketing campaign ever could have.  The wife and I now own four guns, are looking at others,have taken classes,  joined the NRA,  are getting our concealed carry card, attend rallies, and would never vote for an anti gun /  anti 2nd Amendment candidate.  All this from a couple who never owned a gun before.  Thanks.

Smart thing Honest People need to carry Guns at all times cause criminals will crunch them if they do not!

when seconds count, the police are minutes away. legally, only you are responsible for your own defense. that's why you can't sue the police.

license to own a gun sounds like a background check to me

The FBI conducted more background checks for firearm sales and permits to carry guns the week following the Newtown shooting than it has in any other one-week period since 1998.(democrats were highly viewed as possible mass murders and checked closely )The second-highest week for background checks came mid-January as President Barack Obama announced sweeping plans to curb gun violence.and break his oath(again) by ging against the laws of this country....

He, he, he, frikin' democrats are just clueless! Better stock up now folks! It's going to get very ugly when the "free benefits" run out!The will of the people will always trump that of its government.

Obama's Liberal Communist Gun Grabbers having their a. s.s. handed to them by the American Citizens!!

"The gunman, Adam Lanza, killed all of his victims at the schoolhouse with a Bushmaster semi-automatic rifle that he took from the house where he lived with his mother Nancy Lanza."This author should be arrested for publishing inflammatory lies and industrial slander.  Almost EVERYBODY knows by now that Adam did not use an AR15 at all, but used only pistols - this was included in reports of local police AND the FBI, and was reported as such by NBC news.  Why continue the lie when pursuit of the political agenda is obviously failing?

There is only one reason that the politicians want to control guns. They want to have the army at their disposal and the population disarmed, that is the long range plan. It has worked well in the past in other countries. I dont think that even with the apathy witnessed in our last presidential election, that resulted in the re-election of one of the greatest enemies to the American way of life will be enough to ruin our country. When the going gets tough, the tough get going, we will survive this liberal onslaught and once again be proud of our country.

Land of the Free,Home of the Brave, we won't give up our right to " keep and bear arms"

Question: Has Feinstein EVER done ANYTHING productive to help people in her sorry #$%$ career?

Good

“I prefer dangerous freedom over peaceful slavery.”- Thomas Jefferson

There will be no ban because the American populace does not see it is either Consitutional nor effective and sensible enough to infringe in Consitutional rights. It would only succeed in infringing on the rights of millions to target the actions of a few.

When Seconds Count, the Police are only minutes away.If an intruder comes in to your house with a gun, would you rather have a gun yourself or call someone with a gun and wait for them to show up?

"It's just the mentality of people when you tell them that something is going to be banned, well they want to get one while they still can," Benson said. "We're all upset about what happened in Newtown, but it doesn't mean ... we want to have our rights taken away."  Maybe instead it is the fact that the people refuse to play along with the propaganda line that the progressives are trying to push and they are saying "These people do not speak for me!"  And enough time has passed that the propaganda cover is gone there and as more time passes, al their support will be shown to have never existed in the first place.

I think the citizens have collectively spoken and hopefully elected officials believing they are above the rank and file get booted to the curb.

americans thought turning our inner cities over to african democrats was a good idea, now look at them

If you have nuts running around like that teachers kid that murdered all those people it only makes sense for the honest citizens to arm themselves.

Had we been more vigilant there would be no gun "laws" restricting our constitutional 2nd Amendment RIGHT!

ha ha ha....they WANT MORE GUNS in Newtown!!!! Who would have ever thought....These are the same loons that obama used as an anti-gun props and were crying in front of congress. These same idiots that were part of the move to restrict MY 2nd amendment rights. Maybe they should deny all applications from ground zero of the latest gun grab let them call the police.

This must be part of obama's putting america back to work.  The gun companies are working overtime to supply the demand.  Clever.

This just in: I just bought 2 new shotguns and an assault rifle.  Great job gun laws...

What does this say ? It's saying No to gun control ! People, even in Newtown, Do Not want their 2nd Amendment Right infringed upon. When gun permits and gun sales double and triple,  it speaks volumes !  Enforce the laws on the books now, practice truth is sentencing, and Eliminate All Gun Free Zones, better known as " Killing Zones" !  If law makers are serious about making people safer in our society, they should immediately  Eliminate all "gun free zones" ! This measure alone would have the biggest impact on safety for all the people !  Any law maker, or business owner who create  these "Killing Zones" where coward killers committ their crimes, are Responsible for the people who are slaughtered there.You wont hear this in the lame stream media or on MSNBC.

Can some liberal tell me what it feels like when you find out everything you believed in was dreadfully wrong?  Who do you blame?

These people are definitely smarter than Joe Biden.

Well, you gotta give some credit to the Democrats.  They have been a huge boon to gun sales all over the country.  Bunch of libtards LOL!!!

LOL, so the press tells us that the people on Newtown want gun control and bans, then tell us they want a permit to have a gun?

this should tell you lib morons something.

It's very easy to prevent your rights from being taken away   -   VOTE!  And let the ex-congressperson know why they got their "walking papers"!

Time to protect your own, we all know who the legal system is protecting and it certainly is not the good citizens of the United States.

Citizens of Newtown appear to have more sense than the politicians; of course that is no surprise.

When it comes to protecting your home and family, a gun in hand is STILL better than a cop on the phone who wants to play 20 questions before they respond to your call."The gunman, Adam Lanza, killed all of his victims at the schoolhouse with a Bushmaster semi-automatic rifle that he took from the house where he lived with his mother Nancy Lanza."....there is NO proof of this weapon being used, none exhibited to the public for their scrutiny of their gun control needs. it is simply the promotion of the government at this point to exacerbate the beliefs and needs of the American public.

Hahahahahahahahaha!  Majority for gun control, guess not.

If you were convicted of a felony? Is that why they have turned so many petty non-violent mistermeaners in to felonys,is this the reason cops are more busy intraping people then protecting them.

Typical liberals, they complain about guns, want to make it impossible for the rest of the nation to have guns but then decide it's ok for them to have guns.  I hope every permit is denied, it would be poetic justice for them all to be caught in their own trap.

"Barack Hussein Obama receives gun salesmen of the year award". The plaque will look wonderful on his office wall.

Good for them! Exercise your Rights!Dont buy into the liberal agenda...

Why do the citizens NEED to get a permit to purchase what the 2nd amendment guarantees.

Hello ! This is what the US public sees as their sane response to insane people with guns. Level the playing field and shoot them before they can shoot you and your neighbors. Stop the killing sprees by killing the spree killers quickly.

Funny how Obama is mum about this. It's going to be harded for him to put Hitler's policies in place.

Treasonous gun control = failure.When will the Gov start to listen  what the people want? This just goes to show  how &amp; what  people really  want.

And here I thought "Newtown" WANTED to be a victim-rich environment?Dont tell me the "media" lied?

The gun-control advocates are similar to emotional and irrational vigilante mobs in frontier towns who chased the wrong suspects.

Get them while you can!

Applications have jumped everywhere.  I was at Bass Pro Shop and 90% of their inventory was sold out.  Obama is salesman of the year!  Feinstein shares the honors!

what a bunch of hypocritcal people there are that live in sandy hook.  makes one left to wonder if this really happened or not.  seems that they want guns but nobody else can have them.  sounds like the elitist pigs that are supposed to be the peoples voice.

"Newtown sees jump in gun permit applications"Funny how The People see the problem and gravitate toward the SAME solution--even the odds and meet the problem head on--while the liberals and Democrats go to their usual solution--LEGISLATE and make UNENFORCEABLE LAWS to make like they're dealing with the problem.

Common sense raises it's head in Newtown.

and president bozo and congress have made the gun stores in to millionairs over night

Just look at Sturm Ruger stock price when Obama got elected to now (RGR) is the stock symbol. go back 4 years to present. Stock was at 5 dollars then, 56 dollars now, enough said, Thanks Barry, you made me a lot of money!!!freedom is found at the but end of a gun,slavery is found at the muzzle end of a gun

Even old DiFi got slapped down today, by none other than Harry Reid!!Of all the lunatic left in Congress, good ol'Dirty Harry knows what the score is!!  There will be NO Assault' weapons ban !!! hahahahaStew on that liberals, wring your hands in collective impotence!!FEEL THE BURN!!!  lolpolololololhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahUP YOURS LEFTIES!!!!!

Stocking up , but why good people of Newtown

Common sense prevails in the Senate with the elimination of the AW Bill, and in Newtown, CT where people refuse to be helpless victims.

"Give us our Liberty or bring on your drones"

5 year old:  Daddy, why don't they just take the guns away from the bad guys?

That was not a NRA member that went into the school, that was a democrat party member

they dont fear Sarah Palin, they fear Finestein, Schumer, Boxer, Bloomberg, Emanuel....

Those democrats really know how to sell some guns!

Sales of Protected by S&amp;W decals up 200%Funny all the new gun sales when not a single new proposed law would prevent you from owning a gun, unless you are already not legally allowed to own a gun.

Again you moronic assbags!!!!!!  The shooting was not done with the bushmaster!!!!!  It was in the trunk of the car.  But then again yahoo and the idiots behind this story just can't seem to tell the truth about anything.  The point is that a mad-man killed his mother and then stole weapons and went even crazier. He did kill kids and adults but with or without the guns he was going to kill no matter what. So how about doing what's right and keep the crazy people locked up or in a hospital were they can get help or at least out of public. And try making laws for that and not about the people that actually had a background check already and got their guns leagally. Sick and tired of news medias screwing up a simple news report and still not getting the facts straight.

79 applicants out of 27,000.  Doesn't sound like much of a surge to me. There should be several thousand. But is is Liberal Connecticut.

Actually the gun used at the school by Lanza was a Glock handgun....the Rifle was found in the trunk of his car , it was not used in the attack.

What is amazing is how some former public officials who are democrats but who had been thrown out of office ( Not re-elected by the majority ), all of a sudden ended up with Federal Funding after President Obama visited town.

are the politications listening to the people? hope so or they will be voted out

AP Rothchilds owned news . Where the truth is irrelevant. ie  "The gunman, Adam Lanza, killed all of his victims at the schoolhouse with a Bushmaster semi-automatic rifle"  It was in the locked truck of the car. However Pistols is what they are ultimately after. Fascist !

Like I said before, Obama is the best gun salesman of the last decade. We should thank him for all of the gun and ammo sales that have taken place in the last few months.

NOW WE HAVE TO DUMP GOV.CUOMO !

So what you're saying here is that, contrary to the bogus reports coming from the White House and the media, lots of people aren't buying the Liberal/Democratic propaganda.  Wow, who would have ever thought that the White House and the media would misrepresent anything?What a surprise!

Way to stand up and heal Newtown, it had to be such a painful reality that is too paintful to swallow. But you will heal and America is behind you. Be American, assert your rights to keep and bear arms. You are not less American because the pain is great... you are in fact greater Americans for your endurance.

SAY WHAT !

Well according to Piers and Michael Moore, the majority of Americans want to do away with guns and all ammo....  These two dufuses cannot understand why some politicians do not see the world according to Garp and his fat little sidekick.

Finally the socialist aggenda/propaganda gets exposed. Read it and weap odumbo and all of your socialist freedom destroyers!!!

"Police say the town received 79 permit applications in the three months since the Dec. 14 massacre"On track to more than DOUBLE the number from last year! I'm guessing the people are speaking with their wallets, next the people will be speaking at the polls.

That is a flat out LIE. The kid used 2 handguns in the shooting. The rifle was in the trunk of his car. The media is still using this to vilify semi-auto rifles. Half truths and mis-information. The media seem to cling to the first ammendment, but balks at my support of the second....

Obama sells guns to Mexico... Sells weapons to the Middle East... Lets North Korea get the Nuke... And now has increased the number of gun owners in America. I wonder when Liberals will start blaming Obama for almost every thing he does that ends in abject failure.

I wonder why liberals would throw a fit if they had to secure a permit to execute their 1st amendment rights, but feel no compunctions what-so-ever about requiring a permit to exercise your 2nd amendment rights.  I bet they do want limits on first amendment rights as well, but they have to neuter that pesky 2nd amendment before they can impose those limitations.  Liberals hate when anyone speaks of any alternative points of view to the ones they espouse.

You have to defend your self  from them demacraps nut jobsWell now, isn't that interesting.  People in the very town where this tragedy occurred are looking for gun permits.  Seems like I read a story that implied that EVERYONE in Newtown was supportive of the new gun control laws being proposed.  I'll bet this little factoid doesn't get much play in the media.  I'm surprised that it made it this far.

People who are applying for CWP's are simply acknowledging the reality that they can more quickly defend themselves than wait on the police to arrive and do it.Our government doesn't like that idea.  I wonder why?

bottom line..Leave us the hell alone and don't puck with our guns.

Morons commit isolated acts, and the law abiding citizen gets punished. This is why Newtown residents are hurring to protect themselves within the law. Some people in power would like to see everyone disarmed, because they fear for themselves, they have too much money and power, they feel uncomfortable.

I'VE BEEN THANKING THE LIBTARDS EVERDAY FOR MOTIVATING ME TO PURCHASE MY NEW GUNS !!!  GOT MY 2nd AR-15 JUST LAST WEEK !!  I'm not one to think that the gov't is out to get my stuff, I just thank the coward libtards for helping me beat inflated pricing ! The gun manufacturers are the ones laughing all the way to the bank right now !! Hell, I just went to a gun show this past weekend and they were enjoying record crowds !! THANKS LIBTARDS !!  REALLY......THANKS !

Yeppers- dem gun controll lawz reeelly gunna hel-P!

We are talking about an elementary school... not some log cabin 35 minutes off the beaten path...Police response time was 20 minutes response time to multiple shots at an elementary school and you can bet not one officer was sitting back slinging coffee but had the pedal to the medal and probably already tear filled eyes.  The good guys guns again stopped the bad guys guns.  when are you people going to get that.

More people with sense as opposed to listening to feel good legislation.

Talking about gun control is the only economic stimulus package that has worked for 0bama. He's the best firearms salesman this nation has ever seen.

I feel sorry for the victims on Newtown.  The victims have been forgotten due to the democrats insatiable need to advance their agenda on gun control legislation.  I guess the saying is true for them: never waste a good crisis.If you want to own a gun and keep it around, you should have the proper training first.  After all we can't drive cars without being tested first and being granted a driver's license.  First time I put a gun in my wife's hand at a range she put one round through the roof.  Took about 50 rounds and two or three days to get her clued in on proper handling and storage of a gun.  Now if someone bad gets into our home, I am not afraid I will be shot in her attempt to protect our home.

Not saying  nothing happened at Sandy Hook but why are there more questions than answers and why does it seem so much is being hidden. The only real mention of Sandy Hook has been in connection with the debate. Why did it take 20 min for police to respond and quite a few questions about the ME's behavior.

We're all upset about what happened in Newtown, but it doesn't mean ... we want to have our rights taken away."

This story will more than likely be pulled from Yahoo shortly!

And THAT, my friends is HOW one DEFENDS themselves from mentally unstable MURDERERS. THIS is what they need.........not stupid politicians with corrupt ideas of making themselves dictators over us all and banning us from protecting ourselves, our families, our neighbors, our children, our coworkers, our students, our property!!!!!!!

Ideas like "gun free zones" are getting people killed.

Funny that all these people rushing to buy guns didn't seem to need or want them before the shooting, but NOW they not only suddenly need all these guns, but they can't even take responsibility for it, they have to blame the government for 'making' them run out and buy them lol. Such intellectual cowards. Why not buy the guns BEFORE all this went down if you REALLY need them to be safe and protect your family? What, it wasn't important to protect your family BEFORE this all went down, but now it is? Funny stuff. I get tired of the cop outs...

Sounds to me like they know what they need to do without any bans!!!

Coulda swore every single Newtown resident was with the gun banners! Even they know it wasn't the weapons fault but a deranged lunatic.

americans buying guns by the millions, do not fear Sarah Palin and her husband, they fear Obumer and his wifeFunny also that Gabby Gifford's hubby just recently bought an AR15 as they are on the"Ban the Guns" tour. Now the citizens in Newtown realize they need to protect themselves because the police can't be everywhere.

Actions speak louder than political words.

I guess the American People aren't going to bow to the Communists after all. Now to get them out of the country once and for all.

Ok I missed something. How did the killer use the rifle to kill these folks when it was left in his trunk and the weapons found in the school were pistols?

the people are voting, the politicians are afraid. that is the way things should be!!

Of the 20 Sandy Hook victims - 11 had/have a gun in their home, and 3 more have since bought a gun. Think about that when you condemn the NRA and 2nd Adminmt.

When people are threatened, they empower themselves.  It's Americanism at is finest.  Anything less belongs in another third rate country.  It does my heart good to know that in the face of tragedy, which can happen any time, any where, Americanism is alive and well.

How many girls were raped by the football team this year or last.

Sounds like rational people taking steps to protect themselves.

As a gun owner and member of the NRA, I might have been willing to consider some of the new gun measures if Hollywood, video-games, mental health, and school safety, had all been asked to make some equal sacrifice. But of course, after all the dog and pony show, it really all just came down to the some old left-wing agenda of banning guns and taking away the rights of American citizens. And so, I support full resistance to everything Obama proposes. Maybe next time come to the conversation with a fair and honest desire to make comprehensive changes to improve our society.The police didn't protect the children in Newtown. There is no reason to believe they will protect a family under attack in their own home either.

Even in Newtown they don't want to be Obamas sheep ! The police are not there for your moment of need 99.9 % of the time . Wake up America !

Adam Lanza used pistols, get it right

The Obama administration has been the best thing to happen to gun sales for the last four years.

I Hope so !! WE're ALL gonna need weapons for the UP and Coming Revolutionary War

the democrats are trying to implement gun control while people all across the country are buying, even in newtown

libtards . you will never ruin our rights as americans!

Congratulations Pres. Obama and his fellow Democrats.

I wonder what all the conspiracy theorist who say Newtown is full of actors for the left wing agenda will say about this.

Why are you spending so much time on this ,and not the budget,jobs,and the debt? People voted you up there to take care of matters such as these. Guess what? People are going to vote again,and your record will be what keeps you in the Capital of CT.,and in D.C.,or sends you packing. This kind of stuff hurt the Democrates for 10 years before,and help cost Gores election,so do what you think is the most important to the people,its on you. This is state level,and people in CT. vote too. Think about it.So the Libs get their reality check today via the US Senate and now we're all going to see the real stories of American gun ownership.   Not the made up stories..."majority of Americans favor gun control."   How does that dose of reality taste, Libs?

Does anybody actually believe the official story?  Look into it yourself.  I dare you to come away believing that any of it is true.  If you come to the same conclusion as I have then post this challenge on whatever social media site that you are whoring yourself too.Also, the evidence contradicting Aurora is even more damning.

And the people in the nutmeg state still voted in this dunce malloy.

Geez, according to Joe Biden Americans are tired of guns...

Of course people are afraid idiots will legislate away their rights.  Then they will be unable to defend the country against corrupt government.  How many criminals applied for permits for firearms of any kind?  I know some of them are so stupid that they will.  Look at the weapons seized at the Fulton County, Georgia (Atlanta) door.  Unbelievable!  They even have seized full auto firearms that people tried to enter the courthouse with.  They will also try to keep any of your possessions they like.  They will "hold" them for  you while you do your business and then when you are ready to leave they will claim they have no such article and you have to leave.  Unfortunately, they did not know I was there to see my grandfather, the Superior Court judge.  I hope that guard is still fired but I doubt it.

Buy a gun today, it's for your children.

LIAR, LIAR PANTS ON FIRE!!Check your facts you hack!!!

So judging by the walk and not the talk, people actually want more guns, not less. Can the gun control people comprehend this?

Well, Duh...

WAIT wasn't the media telling us how everyone there thought it was SOOOOO bad to have guns, where they just pulling our legs again!?!?!?!? lmao!Newtown in recent years has issued about 130 gun permits annually. Police say the town received 79 permit applications in the three months since the Dec. 14 massacre, well over double the normal pace.All those liberals in Conn, really just don't want YOU to have a gun. Its ok for them to have them.  Numbers don't lie

fight for your rights or lose them !

Buying gun permits is part of gun control,When will people ever understand the term GUN CONTROL does not mean banning guns.

How can gun permits be increasing when the media has already informed us that the "vast majority of Americans" favor stricter gun control laws?

I wonder how that hard slap of irony felt across the face of Obama and all the other people wishing to take away our rights.......

Don't see any libs posting on this story! Maybe they are in shock that they have been lied to by the media...thinking EVERYONE wanted gun control!!!

I find it interesting that people are more affaid of the us goverment than the Taliban. There was only a small spike on sales after sept 11th but a huge jump in sales after newtown

Don't believe lying liberal media. Last week they kept claiming these citizens were for gun control. Yeah, right. Obama/radical extremist liberals help gun sales 100X more than the NRA could ever do!! Yeah.....start screaming gun ban again MORONS.

I absolutely love the whiners who get on here complaining about an NRA agenda.NRA member ship is about 4.5 million, and latest estimates put gun ownership at 40 to 50 million households. Less than 10% of gun owners are represented by the NRA, defending the second amendment has little to do with the NRA and everything to do with an Americans inalienable rights.

people as ussual  are telling media one thing, then doing exact opposite i,m  not suprised at all.Mark Kelly speaks out against "certain" guns and then buys an AR. Supposedly every soul in Newtown wants all guns banned no matter what. When will the politicians figure out that maybe, just maybe, we aren't as stupid as they want us to be.

Even Newtown, where this false flag event happened, sees what is really going on here.  Just and excuse to grab law abiding citizens firearms.

Lanza used 2 9mm handguns. The Bushmaster was found in the locked trunk. Another case of Government controlling the media.

Yep, Connecticut's governor, Malloy,  has done a lot to foster gun ownership in CT though his efforts to severely restrict it.

It's all about reality, forget the hype. "911" might be your first action, but the first response is on you, ready or not.

It seems this article exposes the socialist aggenda. How can the people of Newtown, CT. claim, as we have been told, that they want MUCH tougher gun control laws, that ban certain weapons, and then turn around and oddly start filing for permits to purchase weapons. The socialist media seems out of touch with reality. American citizens have and always will want to be able to protect themselves, no matter what the democraps or odumbo claim! It's time to tell  the dumbocrats that they are not going to be allowed to take any more of our freedoms away from us. Especially when they want to give the illegal aliens freedoms that they don't deserve.

Hurry we need to change the law since all these resident want permits, it must be bad. They can't have them, we need to stop them, do they think they have rights, they must all be crazies and we need to ban anything Americans want. We're the only ones with common sense and we politicians need to show these people who the boss really is. Not them!

They are coming after the first now. got to shut down these comment sections and non liberal news sites to squash dissenting opinions. The government needs more lemmings not self thinkers.

Firearms stand next in importance to the Constitution itself. They are the American people’s liberty teeth and keystone under independence … From the hour the Pilgrims landed, to the present day, events, occurrences, and tendencies prove that to insure peace, security and happiness, the rifle and pistol are equally indispensable . . . the very atmosphere of firearms everywhere restrains evil interference – they deserve a place of honor with all that is good. - George Washington

LOL the dems just dropped the assault weapons ban from being voted on there will be no federal gun control LOL. Sorry Obama lovers YOU LOSE.Carson/Rubio 2016

I bet the liberal are shivering in fear that these law abiding gun buyers are going to commit  murder by blowing massive amounts of liberal heads off. LOL!

"liberalism is a mental disorder"

No big surprise, people are seeing the govt. possibly destroying one of their rights and the citizens are taking action before it's too late.  I would bet Feinstein has acted like a true bigot and has purchased many shares from gun mfrs. because she knows the panic affect she is causing.

Why are the records of Sandy Hook sealed? Why were Homeland Security present in town prior, during and after the shooting? How did Adam manage to kill all with just a pistol and leave no wounded? Why was the so called father laughing and joking prior to knowing the camera was rolling live? Why did he ask if he should read from the card?

"Both sides of the debate have been well represented in Newtown"....Liar Liar Pants on Fire!!

democrats ! SELL MORE GUNS THAN THE NRA , go demos !

Heh.... even Newtown families are getting tired of leftist exploitation of their children.

I bet Obama won't tout the gun industry as one of the ones that he has helped during the reign of his regime.

If the assault rifle was used in the shooting, why were four handguns found at the scene inside the school but the rifle was found locked in the trunk of his moms car? Did I miss something?If you fear not passing a background check you are the problem.

dear yahoo, HE DIDNT USE A BUSHMASTER........... idiots

People just trying to protect themselves from the loonies. Thats partiallywhy we have a second amendment

NOW THEY'RE WISEING UP !

Massacres occur as a result of gun control.Sandy Hook was a Gun Free Zone.Gun Free Zones are a form of gun control.

They just saved the court system alot of time, because the law suits would have been flying.

Yahoo news what a joke! Just print whatever fits tour liberal agenda. An assault rifle was found in his car.  He never used it. He used handguns in the school.

Heres one, Michael Moore, you made a nice movie about bowling for columbine...  Gee I wonder how many insecure little beotches took your movie and thought they could one up that eh goof.  Become an instant celebrity.  Maybe you are the cause of NT or your movie.  You and Piers should ship out back to the UK, maybe Piers and you could do a duo talk show over there.  You are both pathetic.

Ah ha, so now the writer of this article for the AP is  trying to pass mis-information as fact.  Typical liberal behavior or improper reporting that should be banned.  He reports the killings were with a Bushmaster rifle.  According to the repots the rifle was in the car, the poor kids were killed with a handgun .  Wonder if this person works for the Brady Center?

Uh oh.  A lot of potential terrorists trying to buy guns in Newtown.Perhaps one battle has been won but the gun grabbers will be back with new ingenius ways to push their agenda!

I wonder where are those polls that the media was say that 85% of America was in favor of gun control. I guess the real American has spoken loud and clear DON'T INFRINGE!!

Support the NRA!

The media makes it seem like everyone in Newtown hates guns.

Well Obama and your tag alongs better wake up.  Even Newton people want guns to protect themselfs.

The people are awaking from their SLUMBER ...the police seem to always arrive after the shooting is over...we need to make the THUGS scream and call 911 for help and getting a gun permit puts you in the best position to be the Victor and NOT the victim.I do not find fault with any police officer, but sometimes You gotta be your own COP!

Oblamer has been the #1 gun salesman the past 4 years running and didn't even know it. I think the NRA should send him a trophy and certificate. I bet he will blame Bush!

All these dummy Libtards did, was add another 50 million weapons sales because of their #$%$. Now people that probably wouldn't have gotten a gun, have one, or three. Hope they store them safely, and learn how to use them properly. I do.

The story is a little unclear (I know, shocker). It seems to imply that people in Newtown must apply for and be granted a government permit before even being allowed to purchase ANY firearm, of any kind. Is this true? And if so, why does anyone still live there?

When faced with the threat of evil or mentally disturbed individuals intent on committing mass murder, what logic is there in a society that opts to throw away their arms?  That would just make things easier for evil to succeed.April 19,1775. People forget that it all started when our government fired on its own people while trying to take away their guns.  It starts small, "Let's just put a limit on this and that." and next thing you know they are all gone along with our ability to defend ourselves.

Americans have the right to keep and bear arms. This is guaranteed by the 2nd Amendment of the United States Constitution. Connecticut is no exception.

Wow... whaddaya think 'bout dat ?  HOW 'BOUT THEM APPLES, Not-so-Fein-SCHTEIN ?Sig - HEIL, you Nazi batch !Reckon all you anti-gunners are gonna need someplace ELSE to exploit.....  Awwwwww...

Breaking:  Reid pulls Feinstein assault weapon ban.   NRA wins again baby !!!!

Nothing like closing the door after the horse leaves.

Gee I Guess you want ya Guns Too ?hypocrites ~~

all the more reason the gun laws they want are a joke. The people of the town that stired all this up is even wanting to protect itself! get the guns out of the hand of criminals not us law abiding citizens! Its as much our right ot bear arms as freedom of speech! Always remember you cant have the first ammendment with out the second. Dont give up that right, stand up and fight!

This is not only true in Sandy Hook, but all over the United States of America.  Everything Obama touches turns around on him.  He is the biggest failure as president in our history.

I say until the facts are presented to the US people they should stop saying a Bushmaster was used in the killing spree. What purpose does sealing the police report for 105 days serve other than hiding the true facts of what weapon was actually used in the shooting until after the government passes its new gun control laws? Once the report is opened to the public if Obama doesnt try some crazy #$%$ about keeping it sealed to hide the truth the american public will see how much BS is passed on to we the people.

We the people are not that stupid.PEOPLE WANT GUN...for PROTECTION..it,s the OBAMA Clan who says they should be banned! These People in Newton KNOW that if the bill passes the #$%$ will hit the fan....YOU PEOPLE NEED to understand that MOST of these STORIES you read on the WEB..are MADE UP or POSTED by Obama Media..DONT believe a THING you read..investigate...yahoo and others MAKE these stories..like how "QUICKIE GOES VIRAL"..it didnt, but those who BELIEVE all they read..it was REAL!

America is speaking with their wallets.Don't believe the propaganda being spun by liberal demoncrats.Guns are here to stay, get used to it.OH BTW kids, the AWB died today!!!  :)

Hammers and clubs (ball bats) kill more people that the "Scary" Black Rifles... or any rifles, for that matter!  More children drown by accident in bathtubs than are killed by any type of firearm each year.  More children drown in water (rain) filled fivew gallon paint buckets than death by firearm.I can only conclude the attack on our firearms has nothing to do with protecting our children, and everything to do with the gradual disarming of the citizens, empowering the goverment to do as it wants, Constitution and Bill of Rights safely shredded!

So the Town that does not want Gun, are getting more Gun..... This is Great..... You can't have them bet we can.........

Good ! ....We must be armed for the Civil War, part II

God bless them get your guns before that terrorist takes complete control, them the only ones to have guns will be the blak criminals.

HEY LIBTARDS .............. Here's a question for ya'll since your efforts are helping put tons of guns on the streets and have gun manufacterers laughing all the way to the bank due to record profits................ " YOU MAD BRO "???????     LOL

when are you media idiots going to get this story rightthe bushmaster gun WAS found in the carADAM LANZA had two PISTOLSif you clown can explain to me how a dead man shot these victims with the bushmaster and killed himself and the victims with a pistol how the he!! did he put the bushmaster back into the car when law enforcement was on top of him in secondsOH WAIT YOU ARE COMPLYING WITH WHAT THE POLITICIANS ARE TELLING YOU WHAT TO WRITEANOTHER CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHT BEING TAKEN AWAY "FREEDOM OF THE PRESS"

So they don't care to be victims again. Imagine that.

DUI and DWI laws should apply to guns also.  Alcohol and guns don't mix either!An armed society is a free society. An unarmed society has the government stealing your money right out of your bank account. If it happens here you'll want a gun!!!

more lies from the media the AR 15 wasn't used at sandy hook it was in the trunk of the car.

This is like a pole tax.

Wow!  An article that actually said "semi automatic rifle" instead of "assault rifle".  Is the media tide finally turning?

did ya see where Sandy Hook gun permits are UP 300%.......obama you are sooooo toasted

@ LiberalAnimalHere is a fact:  There are several hundred reported cases annually where crime is deterred when a would be victim is carrying a visible firearm.  Word of the day is "deterrence".

Good for you guys keep up the good work.

Adam Lanza did not use a Bushmaster....it was found in the trunk of "his" car....so he could not have used it.

Good for them, maybe next time some a##hole motherf#$%er wants to hurt some people's kids, someone other than the cops that are 10 minutes away will have a gun, and can blow his f%$#ing head off before he does himself. There is no point in having schools be a gun-free zone, then when someone comes in with a gun to kill people, call the cops because they have guns. It is completely illogical. I have carried a gun around for a long time(legally of course), and It has never been an issue. Cops do it too, and it is never an issue. So for people who think that they will somehow hurt the kids just by having a gun there, you need to buy a gun and learn how they work before you try to judge it.

As necessary as cops are, and all the other great things law enforcement, and public safety personnel do for us, they can't be there every time the nuts start falling out of the trees.I guess people are starting to realize that "when seconds count, the cops are just minutes away".  We live in a different world now and unfortunately have to prepare ourselves for such.

So the article the other day was more horseshit from the liberal media mills. They talked about how Newtown back Obama's plans

God is that funny. PS: Eff you libturds.

Strangely enough, this is one of the only topics I actually agree with Roger Ebert on. He didn’t think that the news should cover the shooters or mention their names on the front page of the paper. So whenever the press isn’t talking about guns, or violent movies, or violent video games, or any other thing that hundreds of millions of people participated in yesterday without murdering anybody, they’ll keep showing the killer’s picture in the background while telling the world all about him and his struggles.And then the cycle repeats, as the next disaffected angry loner takes notes.They should not be glamorized. They should be hated, despised, and forgotten. They are not victims. They are not powerful. They are murdering #$%$, and the only time their names should be remembered is when people are studying the tactics of how to neutralize them faster.

Falsehood in your story.  Shooter used two legal handguns that he STOLE from his mother.

Eli B.  you took the words from my thoughts.  Just goes to show you the media is nothibg more than like the nazi propaganda ministry.  telling only one side and the sheepfollowers believe it

Truth is as truth does. Americans are buying guns in record numbers all over the country.

people in Newtown should watch the News , Don't they know guns kill people? And everyone in Newtown is against Guns?  Whats wrong with you people ??  TURN ON YOUR  TV !! #$%$

...and there you have it folks. At the end of the day, people know you don't have time to wait on the police.

An armed society is a polite society.You know what I don't understand? Why do we place signs in front of our schools stating that it is a "GUN FREE ZONE?" Why do we advertise to the criminals that our children are unprotected? Would you place a sign in front of your house that states that you have money, jewelry, or other valuables inside? No. We place signs stating that we have burglar alarms or that we have dogs, yet we leave our children unprotected. Sad.

Again Yahoo writers, being nothing more than part of the Liberal Propaganda Machine, perpetuate the lie of the AR15 being used in the Newtown shooting.  Yet the police and news video made it clear that the AR15 was left in the trunk of the car and never even brought into the school.  This is just a convienient lie to demonize the so call "assault" rifle.

Gun Salesman of the Decade...... Barrack Hussein Obama !!!!

Americans should arm themselves to the teeth just like all the government agencies are arming themselves. If you are ask why you have so much ammo state that it is for target practice.

See...when you care enough to send the very best....you don't send fat crooked cops...you buy your gun and send the intruder a hollow point.  Good JOB Newtown!  You are finnally ready to defend you children and community!!!!!   Stay strong

Um..the report was the rifle was never use and was found in the car...egg head media trying to help out there political parties. .jacka@s

Here is a quote! "The most foolish mistake we could possibly make would be to allow the subject races to possess arms. History shows that all conquerors who have allowed their subject races to carry arms have prepared their own downfall by so doing."- Adolf Hitler

Wait this is the Headstone of towns that want to ban weapons...Something smells fishy in the Media.

i think obama is secretly working for gun industry.their best salesman ever.

Total BS, Lanza didn't use a bushmaster or anyother similar weapon. It stayed in the trunk and he used handguns.  Yet these lying pieces of S--t. say they were all killed by a bushmaster.  Hypocrytical A--holes.ah barry soetoro the gun salesman of the year and his associate sales manager crazy uncle joe.    these guys even purchased billions of bullets too..

kinda blws obama out of the water ,dont it

Can't blame people in the town for being afraid. I am sure most of them are suffering from post traumatic stress disorder.

Gee, according to all of the government reports weren't we overwhelmingly in favor of banning everything that has been flying off the shelves? Gosh, imagine that.

What a bunch of hypocrites! They got Onappyhead to give them wha they wanted for the rest of the country, and meanwhile they are worried about THEIR rights. The deaths of their children do not entitle them to more rights than the rest of the country. They have set in motion movements that may well be difficult if not impossible to undo!

79 what a tremendous number for a town of 2000.

I know this is a bit off topic, but I read on the local news (swiss, since I live in Switzerland) that the US economy is starting to improve again, with more jobs being created than expected. And the US dollar is gaining more value again. I'd like to hear more opinions on this; what do you guys think?

Those children had to walk past the Fire Station to get to the psychologist's house.  Why would they do that and not go to where the big red fire engines are?

did ya see where Reid has taken asault weapons ban OFF the table and Fienstnes bill is dead

Hmmmm, so why is this news now???? And why didn't they show the parents that testified AGAINST the ban on TV???????What? How can this be? CNN and Yahoo reported the Citizens of Newtown fully supported Emperor's gun grab?  More media bias and influence??? Hmmmmm!

So now the real truth comes out, not the trash Obama and the Democrats push.  Newtown IS in favor of owning guns.

gun control is hitting what you are forces to shoot at, this will slow down all types of bad people and curb violence

Does the Associated Press article mean "Concealed Carry Weapon permit"???  Else, why would anyone need a permit to own a gun?  Article Fail!!!!

Weapons industry is the only thing Obama can take credit for turning around.

As long as no one's rights are violated, the pursuit of happiness and liberty should know no limits. If you can prove that there is a real overlap of a right, that infringes on someone else's right, not just a fear, but an actual violating, then that is where the line should be drawn. We already have laws to protect the rights of the individual from harm. Why treat everyone as a would be violator, even if there isn't a violation? Firearm specific laws, is exactly what the Second Amendment was written to prevent.

the only thing i am convinced on is the media needs to be regulated the same as gun owners.1. back ground checks to make sure they are american and not socialist/leftist2. permits and testing yearly3. severe sanctions for propagandaand so far i would have to say the media since 2008 has been alot more propaganda then news reporting, guns, gays, and crimminal immigrants is like yellow jounalism

And 666 do'nt forget our government also put a lot of guns in the hands of killers in Mexico. Just wish we could send the stupid people that want to ban guns in the USA to Mexico maybe they could get their due.

Wayne and Ted are sleeping together.

Perhaps people all over the USA see similarities in the Democrat policy direction to past history.  Take a look at how well "All we want is registration and reasonable limits" worked out for the millions of victims of Adolph Hitler, Fidel Castro, Joseph Stalin, Mao Tse-Tung, Muammar Quaddafi, Idi Amin, Pol Pot, and Kim Jung-II.Only those that have NEVER done anything to protect the Constitution claim 2nd Amendment rights, right Wayne?

lets get the facts ar was in the car M E lies on tv cops lie on tv when colombine happed in just a few days we see viedo of the killers and homemade tapes they had made showing their anger (SEE YOUTUBE) we have not seen anything about this so called mass shooting i was watching that day it did not add up everybody seemed to want to be on t v  i call B. S. ON THIS..

The weapons used to kill the children were stolin after he murderd his mother. There are already laws against such crimes but it didnt stop him. So lets make new laws that will stop what???? Nothing!!!

Although it is true  you don't need a 10 round clip to hunt deer with (actually one bullet should do for a deer), that is not he purpose of the 2nd Amendment, it is to protect us from our government, so yes, a few 40 round clips for the old assault rifle are needed. Also any rifle that is pointed at me IS and assault rifle!

I will hold congress responsible for any future massacres.  If they cannot pass some reasonable gun safety laws to protect our children, and they do not have the guts to stand up to the NRA, they do not deserve to be in office.

At last, one thruthful news article out of the millions that are lies. Libtards must be passing out all over the nation when they read this article. We can at last see some of the socialist democrap aggenda exposed.

Good job Newtown!!! Now that you know the police and the government aren't going to be there to stop crimes, get yourself armed and ready for the next nut case who comes looking for trouble and put one between his eyes. Remember: When seconds count, the POLICE are only minutes away!!!

the "alledged" assault rifle was found in the trunk of the car!!

This is showing what they feel and how necessary it is to protect yourself.

AMERICANS STAND AND FIGHThypocrites?

All the Liberals have accomplished was to create a spike in gun sales, and encourage people who otherwise would not have owned a gun to go out and buy one.  Any other great ideas?  PRICELESS

I like how those of us who want to protect our gun rights and our families are labeled Gun Nuts. So what does that label those who do not want to protect themeselves and families, Insane? Yep, keep thinking more gun laws and gun lies are going to protect you, and when you end up in a scenario like the Cheshire home invasion, please do not come crying to us!

Newtown is standing up and telling both State and Federal government that they will not allow elective officials to stand on their children’s graves in an effort to legislate them out of their constitutionally protected rights!!

In a recent article, applications for handgun permits are up 100% in Newtown. Whats that tell you?

no perhaps she can get on her broom and go home

So even the poster children for gun restrictions DON'T  want gun restrictions. even they admit that these laws would take away our rights. Once again the media and politicians get it all wrong.

MSM like to tell stories about how so many are against guns.MSM  need to get  in touch with  REAL American feelings.

Yea, somehow he killed all his victims with the Bushmaster AR-15 that he left in his trunk during the shooting.

Mr John Christoffersen of the Associated Press is either uninformed or just another Lame Stream  Media  Liar.  The Bushmaster was left in the trunk of the car. But that fact does not fit with his agenda does it?do it

Good job Obama...Salesman of the year

They must be talking CCW permits.  To my knowledge no "permit' is required to own a gun in this country.

You know when we want to enroll in a medical insurance plan, we have to have a medical exam so why not require a mental medical exam's results before giving someone a gun permit?

It has nothing to do with new limits, and everything to do with people be people, paranoid to the brim.   Gun ownership is lower now than it has ever been, and that is likely to decline, but every time a tragedy happens, a group gets it in the heads that the only way they'll be safe as well is with a gun, forgetting to remember that if there were no guns, they would not need protection form them...

Newton, the ''go to place'' to steal guns!

At least the cops will have a list with those who legally own guns when it comes time to take them away.

Foolish, paranoid people running out buying a gun thinking they will all be banned.

They must be using all that funding from the hoax to purchase more GUNS!!

Scarcity (or the threat of) does predictable things to the market."The gunman, Adam Lanza, killed all of his victims at the schoolhouse with a Bushmaster semi-automatic rifle that he took from the house where he lived with his mother Nancy Lanza. He killed his mother at their home earlier and used a handgun to kill himself." so first he commits a crme by killing his mom then even though the police state they found 3 or 4 handguns around his body...no mention of an semi-auto rifle, and even though the rifle was then said to be in the back of the dead mother's car, which video shows a long gun being pulled from the trunk of a vehicle...

i also wonder why  homeland security is buying up all the ammo they can find! hey liberals do you have an answer? let me guess, for the war effort? nope! the draw down has begun by your wonderful liar in chief owebama........ lets just say that things might get ugly at some point and they do not want us brave conservatives to to fight back! sound familiar liberals? if not, read you azzholes and stop watching john stewart for your news!

so, all the liberals that hate guns are now flooding the scene trying to buy guns...... liberals should be banned from guns, they are too feminine and they vote with their vaginas! i mean the men! lol.... if you are a registered liberal wang, you should be banned from owning a weapon as a condition of staying true to your liberal beliefs! sounds good to me....

I don't believe any of the "official" story.  Memorial Facebook pages were created PRIOR to the shootings.  A mother who recognized a picture of her daughter used for one of the victims had to petition posters to take it down - they don't even live in that community and the girl is fine.  Adam Lanza landing head shots consistently in close quarters?  UNLIKELY.  I did 5 years in the Marines and shooting moving targets in close quarters is NOT a novice skill.

no he diden't use an AR15 he used four handguns. read the FBI and coriners report.

Are they talking about carry concealed permits?  Or do you actually have to get a permit in order to purchase a firearm in CT?

Adam Lanza could have had a promising career as a SWAT team instructor. 50 spent cartridges we're found in the school which means he averaged 2 head shots per victim.Do you people understand how hard that is to do with no formal training?  I spent 5 years in the Marines and your average guy couldn't do that.

Well good, glad the American people are supporting 2nd ammendment!

I still love how people are saying that he used an assualt rifle, it has already been proven that he did not!!! He had four pistols inside the school, the rifle was found in the trunk of the car that he drove to the school after the shooting was over. Yes what he did was horrible no disbute, but please people before everyone starts talking and yelling at each other spend the time doing research to find out what really happened. DO NOT rely on the media for your information.

uncle sam  cant buy all the bulletsThey're still going to push for Universal background checks and magazine capacity limits.  The universal background check will apply to ANYONE selling or giving a firearm to ANYONE ELSE!

So how did all those police and people carrying concealed prevent the massacre at the Gabby Giffords event?

"And that the said Constitution be never construed to authorize Congress to infringe the just liberty of the Press, or the rights of Conscience; or to prevent the people of the United States, who are peaceable citizens, from keeping their own arms."   Samuel Adams

go figure, i thought the guns were bad? guess not Odumbo

Hypocrite,s  but more power to them.

USA debt problem, the budget deficit is the reason...

From the looks of things ,the Crazy Idiots will be able to get hole of a gun that much easier

Once again, what Obama said and what happened are opposites. Obama mishandled this entire situation. Once again a learning experience turned into an emotional free for all. Guns are more out of control than ever before thanks to the noob is chief.

wow, would you look at that. so it can happen. people can volunteer for a background check.

Why was the rifle that Lanza supposedly carried out the massacre with in the trunk of his car? Did he use it , return to his car to store it and then go back inside to kill himself with his handgun?Why was the rifle that Lanza supposedly carried out the massacre with in the trunk of his car? Did he use it , return to his car to store it and then go back inside to kill himself with his handgun?

BALD FACED LIE: from -this- story; " The gunman, Adam Lanza, killed all of his victims at the schoolhouse with a Bushmaster semi-automatic rifle ..."NOT EVEN: the very corrupt and agenda driven "Main Stream Media" finally had to relent to the truth -once the coroners report and police reports were released-, which stated that the Bushmaster AR15 was never used and that all victims were shot with one of four handguns recovered from inside the school,----and---- that in fact, the Bushmaster was in the trunk of the car as first reported.DON'T BELIEVE LIBERAL MEDIA People!  They LIE every time !

"Americans have the right and advantage of being armed, unlike citizens of other countries who's governments are afraid to trust the people with arms."- James Madison

Only fools depend on someone else for everything including their security. Residents of Newtown agree.

Oh the irony....

I think that we should shut up and do what the Government want. Buying guns means nothing because our Government got bigger ones. If we just do what they say maybe they will leave us alone and let us work in peace and see our families. Please people stop resisting, you are just making it harder on us. I support my Government and will tell on anyone who doesn't

"Adam Lanza, killed all of his victims at the schoolhouse with a Bushmaster semi-automatic rifle ..."  A LIE.  STOP THE LIES.

Tired of hearing about Newtown. Move on

So how will this stop the next killing rampage? It provides a false sense of security.I know a man who is 84 who sleeps with his gun on the nightstand. So I said, Okay JIm, suppose it is 3 am and you think your hear someone in the house. You have to get awake enough to function, find your glasses, get the gun and then decide whether to turn on the lights or not. If you don't you cannot see where to shoot. If you do the robber will have the drop on you while you are still trying to see. You have never shot anyone and would most likely hesitate the robber very likely has a violent past and will not think twice before shooting you. Certainly, I support his right to have a gun for protection but just having a gun does not automatically make you safer.

More guns more killings, that's all is going to happen."A good percentage of people are making it clear they think their rights are going to be taken away," said Robert Berkins, records manager for Newtown police.Well, congratulations to the NRA and the Republicans for waging a perfect campaign of misinformation and paranoia.  It always works with most Americans, probably the most uninformed populace on the planet.

In Syria gun ownership also went up 13% due to a large shipment of US military-grade weapons freely distributed to the rebel terrorists there...

Memorial pages for the victims on FaceBook are time stamped prior to the shootings.

Check out this website to buy ammo or guns locally- ARMSLIST is a free local classified site for listing hand guns, pistols, rifles, shotguns, ammunition, archery, and hunting equipment.

good. I'm glad these people are chooses to have a background check preformed on themselves.

it really put a lot of people to work

Hmmm...wonder why?

This is an AP story and they've got it wrong. The bushmaster was found in the trunk of his car and WAS NEVER INVOLVED. He used two hand guns. Sheesh, talk about slanted reporting.

This is a good example why I think the Politician should wait until Election Day comes before they decide about banning guns.I’ve been reading a lot of comments against the banned of the guns and very few people who are voting to ban guns. Maybe it is time to tell our politicians to wait until Election Day to discuss the issues and let it be part of the voting system whether to banned or not to banned guns and to see how many people actually like to ban guns instead of letting the politician to decide what is good or bad for the abiding citizens. It's easy for them to say that innocent people don't need gun and they forgot to mention that bad guys have guns and they are the one who are committing all the unwanted crimes.

The people who run the world are prepared for this.  They already have sleeper cells of Russian decent ready to do hard hits on anyone deemed a threat.  Population centers with high gun registration and NRA membership will be bombed.  Don't kid yourselves, they have the man power to do it!The media obviously do not know the people of Sandy Hook.  Imagine that common sense dictates that you should be armed in order to protect yourself.I wondered what if these schools were not gun free zones and what if one of the teachers or staff had CCed.I will use the left's argument, "...if we can just save one child..." to argue for the right for teachers and staff who choose to do so to carry concealed.

The only measure Guaranteed to stop another Sandy Hook is "Armed Security Guards" with Rifles and Hard Body Armor. In case some day one of these shooters actually uses a rifle to attack a school. No Cops No TeachersThis might be a good job for the 100,000 Ground Combat troops Obama wants to eliminate from the Military, I hear they work cheap and don't have a Union.Disabled Combat Vet

@ LiberanimalInstead of thumbs downing everyone, maybe you should construct a coherent argument.

Are the sales of pocket-knives increasing too, since we can bring them on airplanes again?

The gunman, Adam Lanza, killed all of his victims at the schoolhouse with a Bushmaster semi-automatic rifle that he took from the house where he lived with his mother Nancy Lanza. He killed his mother at their home earlier and used a handgun to kill himself.THE IDIOTS STILL DON'T HAVE THEIR FACTS STRAIGHT!

Liberals can kiss my #$%$. They lie all the damn time all they want is control to control us.

Again!  the kids and the staff members will killed by hand guns! When is one of these so called reporters going to get it correct.

Liberals... Your way of thinking how our country should work is wrong.. We cannot give free health care, you work for it. Government does not control your daily life, you do. We do not care that you have 5 kids and cannot afford them and need welfare, QUIT HAVING KIDS! You CANNOT purpose any laws that infringe with the 2nd AMENDMENT because you MESSIAH is failing and because you cannot understand that it is a person, then the tool they are using to kill.... If you want to make a difference, go to the inner cities, RAID the projects and take their guns away.. Bc if you just make these laws and not think of the consequences, WE WILL END UP LIKE CHICAGO... Were they criminals know that they have the upper hand. HENCE! why it is the highest murder rate.

AGGENDA/PROPAGANDA ALERT!!!! The socialist aggenda/propaganda gets exposed!!! Seems as though odumbo, the socialist democraps, and socialist controled media, just got a wake up call. I would like to see the expression on faces of the, above mentioned, idiots when they hear about this little jewel of an article. This article is priceless! It does, however,  make me happy to know that once in a ,great, while the truth can still leak through to the masses. The libtards must be freaking out as they read this article, because their minds have been on auto pilot for SO long, that the truth must have them truly baffled. As was once said 'You (libtard sheep) can't handle the truth!!!!

The White House may paint worries over drones in American skies, federal agencies buying up billions of bullets and local police forces arming themselves with military-style equipment as just “bogeyman” issues of the radical right, but an interview on New York City’s WABC Radio reveals even the left is starting to grow worried.Medea Benjamin, co-founder of Code Pink, a left-wing “peace and social justice movement” known for its colorful marches and protests, told WABC host Aaron Klein the potential for the Obama administration to abuse its growing domestic police power is “extremely troubling.”Klein asked Benjamin, author of “Drone Warfare: Killing by Remote Control,” if she was concerned that military-style drones now authorized to fly over U.S. skies could be used against American citizens, the same question that prompted U.S. Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., to filibuster in the Senate earlier this month.“Very much so,” Benjamin replied. “We see a militarization of the U.S. police forces here in the United States, and it’s a very troubling tendency.”Furthermore, Benjamin charged she was “upset” that liberal Democrats – who might question and fight the federal government’s growing police powers under a Republican administration – “have been very quiet when this is happening under Obama.”Klein brought up concerns, such as those reported by WND, that the federal Department of Homeland Security and other non-military federal agencies have opened purchase orders for 1.5 billion or more rounds of ammunition over the last year. The ammo buy has been only one of several indications of a bigger, stronger and more militarized police presence in the U.S.“Are we leading up to some sort of military-style control in America?”the president is protected by gunscelebrities are protected by gunsgovernment facilities and buildings are protected by gunsthe wealthy are protected by gunschildren are protected by a sign that says 'gun free zones', then when an emergency happens, ONLY THEN does an armed officer arrive, why give shooters more time to kill kids, when you can arm trusted personnel there on the spot?

This is nearly a 150% increase in permit applications!!

New Gun bans are pointless considering that there are millions of the proposed "banned" guns are on the street. Just like the dead horse they beat for the gun control stands up and says no we want our guns. Stupid controlling politicians get a clue, only YOU wabt gun bans so the Devil Obama can take over!!!

SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED

LIBOR SCANDAL

These left-wing #$%$ politicians are all about controlling the individual.

I wish I owned a gun shop.  All this right-wing fear mongering is great for business.

Anybody with a brain cell knows the Sandy Hook massacre was a hoax.

Wtshtf===========let the liberals cocsucrs run 4 their lives

So now it's "The gunman, Adam Lanza, killed ALL of his victims at the schoolhouse with a Bushmaster semi-automatic rifle"Well, if they repeat it enough it MUST be true...The answer to any civilized society is always more guns and people carrying more guns....Just look how well it works in the USA....

The NEXT mass shooter just acquired his weapons... ain't the second amendment grand?

an  AR was used, does't matter! an idiot used it, same idiot with a shotgun could have done as much damage.

The NRA has helped sell more guns in the past 4months than the government or gun shows could have sold alone in the past 2 decades.  Way to use the unsuspecting American for big business and greed.

Mrs. Lanza found out the hard way that keeping guns in the house increases your chance of getting shot. And it appears many of her neighbors are still ignorant of the facts.

Newtown, CT population 27,89679 gun permit applications in the first quarter....more than 2x normal....Who says gun nuts aren't represented in every town in America....they are still nuts...

I guess people wont ever want to be safe. The only ones that will care will be the victoms of gun violence. Oh well karma. The people running for the guns will be the next victoms.

78 of  those  79  permits were  requested  by  high school  dropouts.

#$%$ hypocrites. As tragic as the deaths of those people were, let's get more guns in town so their next psycho kid can kill more innocent people.Great idea, right?.How about spending that money on mental health services instead? Weird s**t always seems to happen in those small New England towns, just ask Stephen King.

"Some said they never thought about getting a gun but heard their right to have one is going to be taken away."really? who's saying that? I still don't understand how "universal background checks," counts as "taking our guns away."guns, gays and criminal immigrants.not one of these do a damned thing for the american citizen

Of course they see jumps in applications. Everywhere should be seeing jumps with how many people go crazy nowadays and want to kill a ton of people before they show their true inner b|tch and kill themselves

Can you imagine the massive shootout this country is going to have someday?

That is so disturbing.  People really don't have a clue.

What they're doing there is arming the children in school. A shooter facing 25 six year olds aiming Glocks at him is sure to run the other way.

Fascinating...many residents of Newtown want to end up like Mrs. Lanza?

There's ignorant paranoid FOX Monkeys in every community...  We could deport them, but nobody else in the world will accept these loudmouth losers...

Obama will probably get a kick back from gun manufacturers out of this, he's the best salesman they ever had. And that is in keeping with our government serving big business instead of the people. Fear will always manufacture citizens consent!

Boy the NRA plays their puppets rather well. Gots to git me some 'mo guns and ammo before they take away 30 round clips..

These paranoid gun nut dummies are everywhere...They should meet at high noon in the street.  All of them.

To bad.....but America will reap the violence they have sown.   How many little Adam Lanza's are waiting in the wings, how many gun accidents, murder/suicides, frustrated workers and just the good old murders.

Run, cowards! Get your guns!

NRA members what to shoot other NRA members, great!

Just what we all need more guns in the hands of so called “responsible gun owners”… the 2nd amendment needs to be either repealed or at the very least majorly overhauled. Write or contact your representative today.

For far too long, the 4 million members of the fascist NRA have held the other 300 million Americans hostage.

NO ONE in NEWTOWN is SANE enough to be allowed to own ANY GUN!!!

The NRA - The National Rednek ASSociation.  (__@__)