I live in AZ, you can walk into a gun show, buy a gun with no background check, conceal it and never tell a soul, legally. Yet fish nibbling on your feet is a health concern!?

Confucius say halt of fish pedicure create many lost soles.

Some people seem to be a little confused as to what "constitutional rights " are.

Must tickle to high heaven!

Arizona??? It figures that this Judge has never been to Ocean Beach,stood in ankle deep water and watch the little fingerling fish nibble at your toes.

what constitutional rights??

No sand crabs to eat the dead scales.

Maybe using piranhas was a bad idea...

I saw it done in Prague; three or four people sitting with their feet in a big fish tank, one side of which was street front for view by passerbys.  I understand UV light supposedly keeps it bacterial clean, but apparently Arizona doesn't think you can keep the fish clean?

Big business must have put the order in to stop it. Maybe big pharma or big medicine don't like it. I mean aren't leeches used in some medical procedures? Ugggg Common sense has been lost.what do u expect from a state that wants to put u in prison for 100 years simply 'cuz u have 1, count it, ONE little marijuana seed on u?

I'm reserving comment till Bloomberg tells me if its OK or Wrong !!!

Wow that is ridiculous. But Leeches are considered ok in the medical field. I dont get it.

Now that's a stupid law.

Nature has been in business a lot longer than the State Board of Cosmetology; the process is natural and chemical free - what's their problem?

Fish McBites! Or would it be fish pedibites in this case?

Sounds "Fishy" to me.

you cant have fish in your salon eating feet... What an AK47? sure how many do you want?

OK, now that is just plain creepy.

She had to offer fish to go!There are SO many regulators running around trying to JUSTIFY their "work program for adults" job that they have that they must be looking under every rock for violations of this or that. Just go back to your offices, collect your obscene salaries, and watch porn. You may not be productive, but, at least, you would not be making productive people unproductive.

so who provides the happy endiing, Cindy Vong or the fish??

I had that done and ended up with fishitoesis

This woman's lawyer ought to spend the rest of his days with a paper bag over his head.

What did fish smell like befor women learned how to swim?

There was an episode of Victorious regarding this practice. The end result was that everyone who had the fish nibble at their feet ended up contracting a horrible virus and the episode ends with them all in the hospital moaning and groaning.

My friend got a staph infection in her toenail from getting a pedicure...not a fish one, but one with supposedly sanitized tools.  Should we just ban all pedicures since the government can't be there for every beauty tool sanitation process?

I'd be more worried about the water than the fish, as in how many other peoples feet got dunked in that water before mine?

Anything being popular in asia is good enough grounds for banning it....

Wait a minute!  Is that a Piranha?ridiculous! what disease does it spread???

constitution? article 27B fish will be allowed to eat dead skin off feet

gross!

Eating fish is gross enough...Not sure I want fish nibbling on me...Let Asia use this practice.  I will stick with my old fashion sanding file...

Another government regulation that interferes with citizens rights both to offer a wanted service and purchase a wanted service.  I think those parties are better informed than a central planning bureaucrat to make those decisions for themselves.