this is the news that should headline, but Lindsy Lohan  is better reading I guess

OK, Japan is having a few difficulties with its nuclear plant; now, how do you feel about a third world country like Iran playing with nuclear fuel. .

my sense is that this is way worse and way more dangerous than they're letting on.......

As the radioactive water seeps into the Pacific Ocean.

are the people working there now given a death sentence?

This one is on a par with the Chernobyl Disaster.  I don't know why the International Atomic Energy Commission is not heavily involved with this place.  It is an absolute threat to the health of the entire region if not the entire world.  This needs to be taken out of the hands of the public company that owns the plant.

Don't make a big deal about this.  Everything will be better than ever when the radiation is gone in 30,000 years.

Personally it would scare the hell out of me to work at a place like this.

If the pools lose too much water, the spent fuel will ignite and burn, spreading a black greasy cloud of radioactive smoke that could go thousands of miles

the future will hate us for leaving them these dirty nuclear power plants behind.Haven't they ever heard of dedicated generators, to be a back-up when power goes down. Haven't they learned anything from past experience? And after their debacle, after last years quake, who's going to believe them when they say that there is no problem?

The level of backup planning and resources in this critical reactor set is unacceptable.TEPCO and the Japanese Government are incompetent. We are all at risk from their errors.

But San Onofre is A-O.K. folks! We don't need change a thing!Just because what happened in Japan seems like a dire warning,only those nasty pessimists are againstthe way we are doing these things, right?

You would think that they had learned an important lesson when their back up power system failed. Now they are trying to operate without any back up power, Perfect!

Nuclear:  It Only Takes One Ooopsy !

Science, will kill humanity...nuclear, bio weapons, weaponized weather, electro magnetic pulse weapons, all designed for mass murder

Why on Earth would we believe anything these guys say regarding the saftey and security of this slow motion disaster?

Enjoy your cancer and prizes!

How much radiation is around those nukes..?

I recall reading that the US offered coolant before things got bad, but TEPCO said nope, don't need it.  The lies and incompetence at TEPCO are amazing.Well damn it we tried to tell them in the late 60s and early 70s that solar reflectors and Sterling cycle engines was the way to go .

The part of this article that sticks with me is the 40 Years that are considered to be the duration of the greatest danger. After aprox. 40 years of power, after 10 years of construction, there will be 40 years of danger / decommission. They are investing 90 years of supervision, of some type, to acheive about 40 years of electrical power. How can this be thought of as cost effective or safe to the environment or neighboring communities???

this isn't a joke is it ? i sure hope it is people better get out of there...

Dying time is near.

ban nuke plants!

Ask yourself, " where did they bury all that #$%$ at ?"

ALL the  safe talk about Nuclear Power Plants were #$%$

Monty Burns is co-owner of the plant so its safe, those 3 eyed fish are safe to eat.

One more big quake of the cost and the cooling problem will be taken care of it will be under the ocean.

Don't worry folks, we have everything under control with our make-shift, jury-rigged system. We learned it all from McGiver.There is one way to end this in a quick manner. A nuclear weapon, (bomb) is a highly enriched form of uranium setup in a configuration to react violently when impacted by a smaller piece of the same material at very high velocity.This inturn is encased in a shell of basic, Non-enriched uranium. The shell of a nuclear bomb becomes part of the explosion.Okay, that being said clear a blast zone adequate to accomodate the calculated rating of the needed amount of detonation to consume the non explosive nuclear spent and active fuel at this plant which is a total loss. In other words turn Fukushima's Dai-ichi plant into an atomic bomb. Most of the radiation will be neutralized in the explosion, and the fallout will be much less a problem than a melt down and over with in a flash.

"If worst comes to worst" - didn't that already happen?

PS: that news is about the storage pools, but do you people know what actually happened to the 3 cores themselves?? Why don't we conveniently not talk about that!

Makeshift equipment!?!? These clowns had more than TWO YEARS now! Makeshift equipment! Thank God I moved away from Sendai cause this might well still end up in tears... Mark my words, world!Talking of which: thanks very much 'world' for not giving a rats derriere about this whole situation! And thanks 'Green Peace' for getting your priority straight: those cute cuddly  whales are safe now, just a shame they are swimming in an ocean that is glowing in the dark... What is wrong with you people!?

anyone else find it ironic that they can't get water to them to cool them down even though they are right next to an ocean? Then again the plant WAS poorly designed in the first place. Oh well, here we go on the road to a second meltdown at the same plant, guess this one will make Chernobyl the less talked about disaster.

They still haven't told us everything that really happened.

Didn't TEPCO say everything was under control after the tsunami?

I will start to worry when Godzilla heads our way.

USA has horror stories but NRC keep it quiet.

That's Celsius not Fahrenheit folks.  You would think the japanese would have learned their lesson about atomic badness after Godzilla ate Tokyo.just when they thought gordzilla was dead.

Their just doing like BP in the Gulf oil spill tragedy. Look I can't see the oil anymore. All gone. All is ok. Don't worry the ocean will dilute it and no one will see it or be the wiser.Out of sight. Out of mind.

How do you have a power outtagw at a nuclear plant &gt; It makes power Just saying ???

I would like to see a story about the brave people how put their lives at stake when they stayed at the facility after this disaster. Does anyone out there know. Please comment.

hey guys nuclear is so great, it's going to solve all of our problems... right.. isn't it convenient that something like oops we turned the power off and we all can die?

Sounds like the kid with his finger in the dike......

2 years to go to Walmart and buy a generator and everyone thought the other guy went?

well south dakota is for sale ,plenty of room still .

Hey we nuked Japan know Japan is nuking the world!!!!   Love it!!

Hope my wife makes it home safely from Tokyo today. If shes glowing I wont let her back in the house.GODZILLA IS COMING!!!

I thought Asian people were smart?

Fukishima Diaries...................google and read an excellent source on just how very bad things are which is being avoided by mainstream media.

Japanese government at its "best".

"In a sense, we have put in place measures that leave no room for worry," Coming from  these same people who put a nuclear power plant in a tsunami vulnerable, fault ridden zone, with insufficient safeguards, and then lied to folks by omission of the dangers their lack of planning had exposed them to,"In a sense" isn't good enough.If nuclear power is ever to be considered a relatively safe power source, this kind of thinking has got to stop. "Good enough" is not good enough. This stuff requires the anal compulsive overkill as far as safety and redundant systems that apparently this company and it's management aren't willing to commit. Way past time for the nuclear industry and it's regulators to pull the plug on this company's operation at this facility, and seriously review any other plants that they are connected with. They obviously aren't getting the message here.

Let them give North Korea a major head start...send them this crap.

What does " "In a sense there is no reason to worry " mean exactly?

They should have used 3 layers of plastic trash bags on the exterior instead of 2....

Every one around the world is being affected by the radiation that is still flowing from this nuclear plant and nobody cares. The Pacific Ocean tuna is more radioactive now than two years ago and nothing is reported in the mass media. Out of sight, out of mind.

I thought Asian people were smart?Those japs glow in the dark.

F japan

Have fun with your Tokyo Olympics! I'm sure they will get a lot of GLOWING reviews in the history books!!

Earthquake eastern Japan, power outage at nuke plant.  Yea, no concern, very nice, steps put in place, 40 years of hell later!

Its the forthright honesty of the nuclear industry and Tepco in particu;lar that gives me great comfort at times like this.

I use to like tuna, now, not anymore !

So what, without the news looking for something to make trouble with...this is nothing. Here in Japan nobody really cares anymore except a few nut cases. Move on folks, its not that bad. Plus the nice green glowing sky over Tokyo at night is cool....lol

Sounds like the end of the world to me!!

So Sorry- We send no more money to Tokyo Rose to use to hunt whales!You ask for aid donations, then spend millions on other uses.No more spending spree for you! So Sorry!

you see they should have bought American :PThe demise of this planet is already happening due to this. /the amount of warming water heading north to the poles is accelerating the melt in my opinion. Ive spent hundreds of hours researching thew possibility. And I may not be 100% sure but I'd say at least 75% sure at the moment.

The only good news is that we will all have advanced knowledge of what each of us stand to die from. Wait thats not good news...but I'm sure the media will one day try to use a similar spin to this story!

There is NO safe level of this type of radiation!

Sink it or cover it in cement ASAP!! Amazing what the greedy will do to prevent losing $!!!

I wish we as humans could learn from this error. But the truth is that there are many other nuclear power plants ready to go at any time. We will not look back on this in 50 years. There will be no one to left to reflect on this mistake.

Soooo does anyone even realize that just after this plant exploded and its ensuing meltdown, that our leaders of the US just decided to double the "acceptable" levels of background radiation?

For over two years know I have been just less than screaming to others that turn a blind eye to this issue. There is nothing more threatening to this world at the moment than what has happened since 3/11 ! But sadly this story is unbelievably downplayed by the media and governments involved. There is so much truth held from us on this fatal clock of death.Many people have actually forgotten about this WORLDWIDE disaster...The amount of radiation released surpassed Chernobyl after less than 8 months...The tuna (and countless other species) are thousands of times beyond "safe" doses of different types of radioactive elements... (There are no safe doses of this form of radiation.)People in Japan will have no future. The people there are kept completely in the dark on this matter. (So are the people throughout the rest of the Northern Hemisphere.)There's a million other things I can post but I want you to research it yourself. This plant needs to be sunk or buried...over a year ago!

Sadly the greatest disaster to hit this planet since bubonic....but a thousand time worse!

When in doubt - deny.  Get the gieger counters out !

Just nothing like having a blown up, patched up nuclear power plant in the neighborhood.wait till godzilla emerges&gt;&gt;

and they wonder why fish are belly up in mass. why the seal cubs are starving..all that nuke waste has been heading to california..thanks for sharing.

And reactor number 4 is sinking unevenly into the ground and is getting hotter by the hour I hope tepco gets this under control stay tuned.....

Sounds like the end of the world to me!!

Lets help them suck the water out and give it to north Korea to drink

If they don't watch it they are going to have some real life Godzilla's.

all that radiation has already reached parts of the shoreline of the US.

The damage to our environment from their earthquakes/tsunami-damaged nuclear plant  has to be immense.  It is interesting how we are not hearing about any of that.  If these plants eventually go it will be devastaing for Japan of course, but it will negatively affect  us all.

we have killed ourselves, we just can't see it yet.

don't believe anything these Buddha heads tell you.they should have addressed these issues before they happened, because they KNEW it was going to happen eventually. The japanese wont admit, and neither will america, that this is a bigger deal than they are making it out to be. Leaves ya wonderin why the federal government raised the levels of safe radiation exposure.

"I don't know why the International Atomic Energy Commission is not heavily involved with this place."  The IAEC is very heavily involved here: in helping TEPCO with the development and management of more effective cover-up strategies!

Japan alchemists researching new materials that generate power for whole nation with little sources

It is called a thorium reactor folks, they just dont want you to have it.  Thorium is derived from waste tailings from mining, basically free. You coud carry enough thorium in your pocket , to power yourself for a lifetime ....oh and it wont hut you or your poket liner. Look up LFTR s in 5 minutes on you tube.  Neat science.

I have always thought alot of the Japanese people. It is time for the People of Japan to demand this company get those reactors under control!

It ain't over 'til it's over &amp; that's the radioactive half life of yore you rainium or yore plutonium or yore new culler weapons materiel. USA! USA! USA!

fukushima has 3 runaway "melt-out" reactors...2 hour drive from tokyo....have fun!

That place is still polluting the earth.

Folks, you are NEVER going to know the full extent of that meltdown...if they actually told the truth about what is still happening there &amp; will keep happening for thousands of years people would go nuts....you can cover it with concrete but it would do no good as the bottom has melted out of the reactors into the ocean water table &amp; will keep on spewing radiation into the ocean for thousands of years....amazing how you never hear anything about it anymore &amp; what the socalled news media reports is mostly lies anyway.....all they ever report is what governments want you to hear......

Of course the authorities are bald face lieing, so imagine just how bad the situation really is?Chernobyl was only capped.No One knows what to do with it.The concrete is rotting, And there is No WAY to "put it out"...ever.As a Russian tour guide put it.

"Tokyo Electric Power Co. said that pool temperatures at the Fukushima Dai-ichi plant were well within safe levels, and that pools would remain safe for at least four days without fresh cooling water. The utility said the reactors were unaffected and no other abnormalities were found."  I think I've heard this before, oh yeah right before the last radiation leak...

well i hope every thing goes ok , i dont want to see another disaster !

Wait till N Korea gets this and has a melt down and tells no one

What does " "In a sense there is no reason to worry " mean exactly?

Japan and China:  killers of the environment.

japan wants to die, idiots don't know how to fix plant, just kill fish n people, whales, seafood here are so full of radioactive materials, we don't even want to eat....

i'd like to see one o' them there free market economists calculate the cost of nuclear energy based on that situation. but of course when energy production results in environmental disaster, it doesn't get figured into the kilowatt hours charge that shows up on an electricity bill. it's good ole capitalism all the way, until clean up time at least, and then it becomes shameless corporate socialism all the way. like fracking. we'll let them pay for it in a hundred years with undrinkable water.

They all lie The people who have developed this plant ( GE) do not have a clue how or what is the next move  Completely clueless  that the sad thing

the only cancer you trolls are going to die of will be caused by your diet and lifestyle.KA-BOOM!

Why aren't we helping them more?

But nuclear is safe...oh wait a human designed the component that's not working.  Another case for wind solar tidal power conservation hydro geothermal etc.

so this is how Godzilla was born.

soon as we figure out this tricky water moving thing, we'll have safe nuclear power for you.

And here the the USA they are still promoting nuclear power.  I believe this is way more serious than they are letting on.  Any time its quiet on and issue its serious.

No Probwren heeya, Yankee go now......

Wow I wonder if Gonzilla (the monster created in the radioactive polluted waters) was really a bio weapon.

These people should not even try to start the reaction tell they know what the hell there doing. Thats like standing in a room filled with gas up to your neck one with a glass of water and a liter the other with a glass of water and matches.

Every nuclear plant in USA has these spent fuel storage pools and after they cool then stored in concrete and steel casks on site...literally 100's of tons sitting around at every plant and just waiting for same thing to happen...and all the corporations will be responsible for if something happens is capped at 2 billion by USA law!!!It originally cost $400 million ($2.3 billion today) to build the World Trade Center. The aftermath of the 9/11 attack cost over $100 billion (clean up, rebuild, lost jobs lost revenue, etc), not to mention all the lives lost.  I wonder what the eventual cost of this disaster will cost Japan?

And we want to build more of these nuclear plants in the USA. Our backup system is the same as Japans!!!!!!

Bet they wish they built these power plants underground now.

funny how there's a power outage at a nuclear plant

why are you jackass reporters down playing this. the #$%$ plant was not damaged it was DESTROYED!!!

Going now to check the origin of my various electronics.  No in home melt down or explosions due to being made in Japan.

How embarassing for Japans Scientist and Goverment.  Although they may have many highly intelligent people.  It appears that thier ability to mannage complicated systems has been way over estimated.  We are going to move them to the back of the class with the special oversite committees.  No more looking smart in the sci-fi movies...

they have time to build rockets to blow up other countries but the fools cant clean sh_t up in there own country or there own mess. there always trying to get ahead in something and then they get a giant foot stuck in there tiny little _sses.  :D

Do'h

What does " "In a sense there is no reason to worry " mean exactly?What does " "In a sense there is no reason to worry " mean exactly?

Ironic,, I think ,,that a structure that is supposed to supply power is not capable enough to supply power to run itself,,,,MAKES NO SENSE TO ME !!!!!!!!!!

Hiroshima LOL Nagasaki LOL Fukushima LOL

Hmmm...What would be a believable statement that begins with "Tokyo Electric Power Co. said " ?

#$%$! How is this plant still in service?  And my question is why did we evenallow the Japanese to have Nuclear anything? You think they forgot about W.W. II?

the place was completly destroyed, you expect it back online?

And they want to build MORE of these things.

Clean, safe, too cheap to meter....

we are all being exposed daily everywhere in the world that blast casued so much nuclear material to go up in the atmosphere which will take 1000's of years to deplete its up there slowly falling circling background radiation is everywhere life as we know it is over for future generations. may even kill us all in next 10 years.many scientists know but no press allowed to mention it . its bad people very very bad

should have kept the rats running on the exercise wheel.seems like they would keep some trash pumps around for problems like this

What does " "In a sense there is no reason to worry " mean exactly?

What does " "In a sense there is no reason to worry " mean exactly?

Is this planet, and human survival real? How are we still alive? Ever see an action movie where 10 bad guys are shooting at the good guy, and he only gets grazed, but emerges alive? That is what this whole planet seems like. We are crazy.

When you build a janky cheap japaneese power plant... this is what happens

again and again.L0L

The radioactivity reached the u.s.a many months ago on the pacific coast.

BOOM SHAKA LA KA

where is Japan and what is going ON.

Look, japan, instead of provoking your neighbors to distract your citizens from the real problems, you should be less belligerent and take care of your pressing problems.Time for Americans to buy Iodine tablets again.  Stock up now.

If this waste goes critical it will spell doom for the northern hemisphere.

the most serious injury at a now de-commissioned nuclear plant after 30+ years operation was a broken wrist due to a fall from a ladder.

the dont need the plant  all the japs living around the plant glow in the dark....saving on light bulbs at night..

This is FAR worse than we are told.The Nuclear Industry is built on lies and misinformation.This is just the beginning of a 'seemingly' slow motion global catastrophe on a scale never imagined.   The insidious ways the 'transport vectors' of radiation contamination seek and destroy life and ecosystems is beyond comprehension.

Exposed fuel rods...nothing like it.

Why wasn't this plant decommisioned after they stabilized the meltdown?

this is there way of getting americans full of radiation without dropping a bomb

Dump the radioactive water onto the ocean and breed Godzillas!

my teeth hurtLIES, LIES AND MORE LIES.  WE ARE FUKED!