Per Magpul Industries Group:"Apparently Gov Hickenlooper has announced that he will sign HB 1224 on Wednesday. We were asked for our reaction, and here is what we said:We have said all along that based on the legal problems and uncertainties in the bill, as well as general principle, we will have no choice but to leave if the Governor signs this into law. We will start our transition out of the state almost immediately, and we will prioritize moving magazine manufacturing operations first. We expect the first PMAGs to be made outside CO within 30 days of the signing, with the rest to follow in phases. We will likely become a multi-state operation as a result of this move, and not all locations have been selected. We have made some initial contacts and evaluated a list of new potential locations for additional manufacturing and the new company headquarters, and we will begin talks with various state representatives in earnest if the Governor indeed signs this legislation. Although we are agile for a company of our size, it is still a significant footprint, and we will perform this move in a manner that is best for the company and our employees.It is disappointing to us that money and a social agenda from outside the state have apparently penetrated the American West to control our legislature and Governor, but we feel confident that Colorado residents can still take the state back through recalls, ballot initiatives, and the 2014 election to undo these wrongs against responsible Citizens."

Let's just hope Magpul sticks to their guns, and pulls out of there.  I'm sure there are plenty of gun friendly states that would love to have them.  Many Colorado sheriffs aren't going to enforce the law.  As Patrick Henry said, "Give me liberty, or give me death."

Ok MagPul, dont be a pansy and back out on your words.  Lets see you take your millions in state tax you pay in Colorado every and leave and give it to a gun loving state, and get out of the next california.

Appearance over substance. Stupid Libs.

Unconstitutional. The second amendment is for the people to stand up against a tyrannical government. The legislature of Colorado needs to be challenged.

I am sure the criminals are shaking in their boots right now at these new laws.

Democrats are as dumb as the day is long...Colorado sheriffs say they will not enforce the new laws and if MagPul goes throug with moving out of the state their voters are going to lose jobs...I don't think the Republicans have much to worry about when the next elections come around...Bahahahaha....

"The beauty of the Second Amendment is that it will not be needed until they try to take it." Thomas Jefferson

Gun shop owners are welcome to relocate here in Iowa.

Fight The Power, Support The NRA! They're fighting for your rights, and not just 2nd Amendment rights!!Let me be clear: your communist agenda will be DEFEATED!!

Liberalism ruins some of the most beautiful states in the country. Just look at what its done to California...

My guess is, there will be a lot of unemployed politicians in 2014 and 2016

Tougher penalties for those who rape our children,,, Life parole is a joke,, 25 years min in the pen,, "Jessica,s Law" has been adopted by 41 states,, Gov. Hickenlooper,, you are not a progressive,, "Try" to ban all the guns you want.. but you have lost innocence on your hands.

I hope the people of Co. impeach this clown, is this really what the people want?

If the governor tries to enforce anything in this state without the sheriff on board, there is going to be some problems.

A "victory for democrats"... A kick in the nads for the United States and the Constitution.   By the way Hickenloope, THIS ex-service member and FREE citizen of the United States will NEVER comply with your B-S "law".

Good bye Colorado.  My 5 hunting buddies that have hunted there and each of us spend over $5,000 a year in fees, guides, permits, have decided to spend our $$ in another state that respects the 2nd Amendment!  So long suckers!

Actually like the guy. Have met him in person. Voted for him. Won't vote for him again.

So now all of the criminals will turn in their illegal magazines right libs???"moderate state" you are kidding it is the @%#^#^ son of CA!

People of Colorado.  You are going over the edge.  You need to remember your western heritage and take back your state.

The struggle now moves to CT!!!   People there face a more DANGEROUS   Govenor... and liberal politicians...  But I think the COURTS WILL OVERTURN some of MALLOY's  ATTACKS ON THE SECOND AMENDMENT!!    Going to be COSTLY for CT taxpayers... more than 6000 jobs at stake... COLT, Stag, Charter,  Wilson, and many others... Pack your bags and LEAVE!!    I urge ALL NOT TO SUPPORT ANY PERSON SUPPORTING THESE OUTLANDISH LAWS!!

West Georgia would love to have MagPul move all those jobs here.

I remember when I lived in CO in the mid 90's. I told people then that they were losing their heritage due to the influx of people from CA and MN. Looks like they finally won. I just hope that Magpul does what they said they would.

big fing deal, it does NOTHING! understand? NOTHING to curb crimminal violence, thanks for wasting all our time and money for NOTHING morons!

OK, Colorado Patriots, do your duty to your country, RECALL, IMPEACH, TRY, CONVICT, then IMPRISON this traitor for LIFE for his High Crimes and TREASON against his State and it's People.

forget the magazine issue, easy to get and buy, how do you do an expanded background check without the sheriff on board?  Answer is you don't and if you try and go behind a sheriffs back in his jurisdiction without his knowledge, there are going to be problems real fast.

"There shall be NO LAW PASSED that infringes upon a persons right to bear arms"Hmm. Sounds pretty cut and dry to me. Wha'ts the debate?

For people who have never been to Colorado, much of it is pretty wild and very rugged mountains as it is the Rockies...they aren't going to limit anyone from anything.  The only authority the citizens need is that of the sheriff and they want nothing to do with this.2014 House seats cannot possibly go to Democrats. We shall not forget what the left is doing.

I hate that they call democrats the "democratic party"...there is nothing democratic about the form of government they hope to accomplish. Leftist party is more fitting.

It's time for all these "leaders" who infringe on the 2nd amendment to be called out for failing their oath of office. I demand their resignation

More social engineering, government control, and old fashioned early stage fascism/communism.

Liberals refuse to enforce Immergation laws , eff any liberal law ... right up the rear

The D.S.A. (Divided States of America); Obama has succeeded !!!! ..now, 50% of the country hates the other 50%.

i bet next election there will be quite a few liberals in the unemployment line along with all the people that lost their jobs when the gun manufacturers and other gun part makers and the others that supplied parts to them left colorado. That should be a happy meeting of people. those that lost jobs and those that killed their jobs.

Apparently there aren't enough criminals in Colorado. They need to make more criminals out of gun owners.

Another despot who's agenda will harras only lawabiding freemen....

Now these politicians can start banning books they don't like...I'm feeling safer already...........NOT ! State of Colorado already has thousands of state and federal gun control laws on the books. So why won't the state of Colorado pass or even bring up for discussion JESSICA'S LAW ? Are you that left or liberal that its ok in the state of Colorado to get light sentences for RAPE, ,especially litttle kids ? Why would any state not want to pass Jessicas Law ?

I'll wager someone or some group is going to challenge the constitutionality of this and given the Supreme Court's past decisions, I would also wager the law will be deemed unconsitutional.

Signing bills into law that are impossible to enforce ? This governor must really feel good about himself. Wonder how good he is going to feel when the Sheriff's sue and have these ridiculous laws overturned ?  There are some really ignorant politicians whom have no clue how to make the public and our children safer !

According to the supreme court some 20 years ago when sheriffs took the brady bill to court, the supreme court ruled in favor of the sheriffs and within their jurisdiction they have supreme authority and the sheriffs are calling this null and void on its face.  Game, set and match!!!

Woo-Hoo... No more armed criminals in Colorado!!! Yep, Governor Hickenlooper... You just solved the crime and murder problem single handedly. Wonder why no one else thought of that first?... Wait... There are already 20,000 gun laws on the books already. Oh well, enjoy your retirement Do\/chebag!

Is this Governer going to walk up to a criminal and demand him to.limit his.ammunition

Liberals hate the constitution as these democraps are demonstrating.  And they love to raisetaxes like the did reviving the CBI fee.

What's the latest count of gun manufacurers who have stopped doing business with anyand all government agencies ? I've heard some are also discussing relocating !

JOHN DENVER IS ROLLING IN HIS GRAVE..............):

All this law will do is to make purchasers go on-line or out of state to buy what they want. Either way, the state looses and the purchasers get a break on sales tax!They will take away the guns and  say nothing about the fact that we are giving kids drugs that cause suicidal/homicidal thoughts by the millions...and oh yeah the people doing these shootings have mostly been people on those drugs

I applaud Magpul stand and although I've not ordered from them before, they just got a new customer

Magpul has announced its leaving and will flood the market with magazines before they relocate.  Some 800 jobs will be lost and tax  revenue  as the relocate to a state that doesn't ban their products, they have also announced they will be joining hundreds of other gun manufactures who refuse to sell to any state or law enforcement agency that violates the 2nd amendment, civilian sales and service will not be effected.

Govenor of Colorado....  says.... WE HAVE PRIORITIES... and violation of FEDERAL POT laws is much higher on OUR list than  the Constitution of the UNITED STATES!!

the bill also contains a ban on all mags that can be modified. someone please explain how this isn't a gun ban. every mag can be modified!

Best be looking for a new career Gov.

Another sign of personnal agenda, put the people out of  work, we have plenty jobs.

It's amazing how Democrap legislators in Colorado are seeing this..  What I see is a complete backlash against the Left-wing party... Not from the republicans, but from the citizens.. some of who are democraps themselves...  Bloomberg, bought and paid for a state legislature..  however, Bloomberg being Bloomberg, no one will ever see a dime...They'll get nothing from Oblamer and Biden either..  Everyone of them just became a political target..  Starting with Hickenlooper...

Congrats COMMIErado! You've done nothing but hinder law-abiding citizens. But at least you fools can pat yourselves on the back for passing feel good legislation.

I wonder how long the ranch owners are going to put up with the new laws...Liberal Governments will go the way of the dinosaur, they will become extinct when the money runs out!

They mean FORMER Governor.......along with quite a few FORMER politicos.

Colorado , smoke a bowl,that way the criminals bullets wont hurt so bad.

hey, colorado, even if you choose to ignore the u.s. constitution, what about your own?Section 13. Right to bear arms. The right of no person to keep and bear arms in defense of his home, person and property, or in aid of the civil power when thereto legally summoned, shall be called in question; but nothing herein contained shall be construed to justify the practice of carrying concealed weapons.did you not care about this any more? must be all the kkkalifornicators who moved there and took over your once beautiful state.

I support you Magpul.  Please stand your ground and don't buckle to this idiot governor.  He has total disregard for the law abiding citizens and the Constitution.  Apparently, he has a socialist agenda he wishes to illegally push.

Malloy.... and you money hungry DEMOCRATS... I hope that  ALL GUN AND ASSOCIATED COMPANIES IN CT... SEND THIS TO YOU ASAP if YOU  Pass Non-grandfathered, Fee to keep, and Registration laws.. Here..    I BELIEVE MANY WILL LEAVE!!!!!      Here is what MAGPUL told the COLORADO TYRANTS!!Per Magpul Industries Group:"Apparently Gov Hickenlooper has announced that he will sign HB 1224 on Wednesday. We were asked for our reaction, and here is what we said:We have said all along that based on the legal problems and uncertainties in the bill, as well as general principle, we will have no choice but to leave if the Governor signs this into law. We will start our transition out of the state almost immediately, and we will prioritize moving magazine manufacturing operations first. We expect the first PMAGs to be made outside CO within 30 days of the signing, with the rest to follow in phases. We will likely become a multi-state operation as a result of this move, and not all locations have been selected. We have made some initial contacts and evaluated a list of new potential locations for additional manufacturing and the new company headquarters, and we will begin talks with various state representatives in earnest if the Governor indeed signs this legislation. Although we are agile for a company of our size, it is still a significant footprint, and we will perform this move in a manner that is best for the company and our employees.It is disappointing to us that money and a social agenda from outside the state have apparently penetrated the American West to control our legislature and Governor, but we feel confident that Colorado residents can still take the state back through recalls, ballot initiatives, and the 2014 election to undo these wrongs against responsible Citizens

Gun Control = People Control .It's just that simple and explains why the four words "shall not be infringed" were put together in that order by the Founding Fathers.Many of them ALSO told U.S. NEVER to allow Party Systems to form in our halls of governace ! Do we understand why they told U.S. THAT now ? ? ?

John Hickenlooper I hope you know you won't be reelected. Democrats are now labeled in this country as Liberal dictators that don't care what the people say. Your so called law will be overturned!!

Gee...all the weed I need but no high caps....

FREE STATES....  quickly offer the gun industry incentives to move their businesses!!!   help them and help AMERICA....     FLEE NY, CALIFORNIA, CT, AND NOW COLORADO!!   Bring prosperity to the FREE AMERICAN STATES!!!Governor of Colarado=Communist,traitor and  high treason.For the people and leaders who hate this country so much .Why the hell dont you just go to CHINA or RUSSIA!?

not alot to say , but it is sad when political postering and pandering can force corporations to leave a state. hopefully the folks can do something sbout the managers of there affairs.

I'm going to follow the lead of the gay-homosexuals with their "boycotts".Colorado, you just made the DO-NO-VISIT list and the DO-NOT-PURCHASE products list.

America will become like Europe when we split up into a multi-country territory based on politics and laws. The Liberalands will be crime ridden, gang infested socialist states, while the remainder being friendly to small business and individual rights. Many businesses and people are moving out of these states and setting up shop in more tax and law friendly states.

What are they going to ban when the next shooting occurs in CO?  That's right, they'll ban whatever is left until you have no more guns....  Then they own you.

Hey libs, just curious.......how do you plan on confiscating the estimated 1.8 billion 30 round magazines that are owned by private citizens in this country?

If you want to save your Civil Rights and Guns Vote Republican . Read the news Democrats are the ones who are sponsering these gun bills. There are many Democrats who have and like Guns and want to keep them.

I feel bad for the gun owners in Colorado.  Left wing pinkos with their stupid feel good knee jerk gun laws!

This is what happens when you vote democrat! MagPul there is plenty of land to build a new state of the art manufacturing facility in Texas and I'm sure ol Rick will give you a break on the taxes, and I will be your best customer!

This proves one thing. We don't need to build a wall between the U.S. and Mexico. What we need to do is build a wall around California and NY to keep all those kooks from invading all the other States bringing their bs ethics with them.A Brown Bess musket in a crowded theater can cause just as much havoc.  You ignorant leftists fail to realize a gun is a tool.  The mind is the weapon!

Today we find out the Adam Lanza premeditated the attack, and used video games to "train" for the attack.  He also viewed the attack as a video game so he could be the high score killer.  The problem with the law is it DOES not doe anything to address the issue of MENTAL ILL

If it can happen in Australia, it can happen here. And the informed know the Aussies violent crime rates went through the roof afterwards and have remained there.

California used to be a great and beautiful state until the liberals ruined it. Now they want to do the same to Colorado.

Colo. is wonerful except for the pot smoking wack jobs.

The biggest American manufacturer of magazines for military weapons and handguns was started and run in Colorado.  Now Colorado will no longer have that tax revenue. Unless they grandfathered that industry in, because, you know - hypocrisy and politics?

Just in time for the Drones to be coming home next year. Do I have to have a lawyer on speed dial if I shoot one down over my house? Or should I just turn myself in for Gitmo?

The Mentally Ill in Colorado, or those who need medication to remain "stable" will NEVER have their names included on any Law Enforcement do not sell/buy lists because they have protected medical privacy rights. As long as they have no criminal arrest record (yet) they will still be able to circumvent the Background Check because they won't be included any lists.

Another looney Progressive who started out in the "middle".Shame on Hickenlooper

R.I.P magpul, i am sure you will be reborn and better then ever in any other state."The signings would be a victory for democrats . . ."  Yeah we know this isn't about anything but making political points. Fortunately there are sheriffs in Colorado that won't enforce it and it will eventually be overturned because it is unconstitutional.

Libs in favor of this are dumber than stumps.  It is unenforceable.  What CO needs to do is fund research into bullet proof dresses for liberal men to wear.

Hello more gun regulations, goodbye multimillion dollar businesses like Magpul.  Democrats don't like businesses they just get tax money out of thin air.  I hope Colorado citizens are paying attention and taking names.  These progressive liberal idiots need to be out of a job as soon as possible.

Will the last Republican to move their business out of Colorado please turn the lights out. This stupid act is going to cost the State big time. BOYCOTT COLORADO.

Time to run the liberals out of Co.  They are ruining a once fine state.

What part of "shall not be infringed" do these Aholes not understand. I see now the people have no voice of chance in this country anymore.

The Constitution allows for the citizens to replace a tyranical government.  The 2nd Ammendment is the means by which this is possible.

when the govt. fears its citizens, you have liberty. When the people fear their OWN govt. you have a dictatorship.

Gun owners.... GET YOUR NON-GUN OWNING FRIENDS to help in this struggle to protect the true meaning of the Constitution...  LIBERALS are counting on THEIR VOTES to continue their REIGN of TERROR...

Colorado Governor signs his State into Oblivion.....Unconstitutional laws do not have to be followed  , " The right of the PEOPLE to keep and bare arms SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED UPON " .

Colorado Citizens... WORRY NOT.... just CALL OBAMA if you get caught...  Obama PARDONED this guy last week....  So get in line...  He is EVERYONE's President right??Larry Wayne Thornton – Forsyth, Georgia.Offense: Possession of an unregistered firearm, 26 U.S.C. §§ 5861(d), 5871; possession ofa firearm without a serial number, 26 U.S.C. §§ 5861(i), 5871.Sentence: Four years probation.

Do you middle to right folks think you can get off your fannies and vote next time around?

Better wake up America. They're coming to a State near you.

In case you would to stop supporting Colorado heres a list companies based thereOtterboxMrs FieldsSports AuthorityCoorsDish networkKeltyKong - dog toysChipotleBlack-eyed peasQuiznosBoston marketRed Robin

Americans should remember political treason of this type. It should be punished if we ever become a free country again.

give him some Colorado chronic before he is to sign and tell him its for a Republican bill to end his entitlements.....

Good move Governor!!! Hopefully, Magpul will come to Texas, we are always open for good businesses and love our constitutional rights to keep and bear arms. BTW Gov, neither myself or my hunting partners will ever spend another dime on hunting Colorado nor will any of us ever visit for vacation, drink your weak as. beer, or support anything your state puts forth.Good luck!

Dont EVER give up your guns, EVER, fight these vermin to the death!

and the Sheriff said he won't even enforce it....No, this country isn't divided!The Medical Privacy Rights of the Mentally Ill that prevent their names from being put on a Law Enforcement Database apparently Trump the Guaranteed 2nd Amendment Rights of responsible and law abiding Americans when Liberals are in charge.

I just crossed Colorado off of my list of states to visit.  I hear Wyoming is nice.

This kind of doesn't surprise me I was in highlands ranch last April and there were more dudes dressed up as chick's than you can imagine. It is a shame as it is a bunch of freaks who moved there from California and brought their ideology with them. Colo may be a total loss.

Guess that governor isnt seeking further office?

There are 100s of sheriffs all over the country taking a stand on this type of tyrany, this isn't going to stand.  People are not going to put up with it and sheriffs are not going to enforce it....check and mate!!!!!!!!

"liberalism is a mental disorder"

Will this be the spark that starts the war?

How will these new laws stop criminals from being criminals?  Like they register firearms before they use them...

Look towards the country of Cyprus.Their government took there money .Didn't ask for it  but took it.Now i know we are not Cyprus but all it takes is a government knowing that its people are helpless gunless.Tell me again why i need to give any of my rights away for any reason .Period.

They're going to make darn sure that the next Colorado mass murderer uses a LEGAL gun. That'll show 'em.The "Governor" is an idiot. Mass shootings are AGAINST the law. Obviously the criminals don't care about any law. This is all for pomp and circumstance. Appalling. He should be tarred, feathered and run out of country!

Lord have mercy, this is the beginning of the end of America.

The loss of sporting/hunting/tax revenue will be in the millions. They are completely ignorant of what this useless piece of legislation wiil cost them,politically or otherwise.

Looper is a good name for a pot smoking govenor.

I will never spend a dime related to colorado again..ski trips or anything

"This may be considered as the true palladium of liberty.... The right of self defence [sic] is the first law of nature: in most governments it has been the study of rulers to confine this right within the narrowest limits possible. Wherever standing armies are kept up, and the right of the people to keep and bear arms is, under any colour or pretext whatsoever, prohibited, liberty, if not already annihilated, is on the brink of destruction."St George Tucker, a jurist from the era of our fouding fathers

time to move out of Colo. and to think I was looking to buy acreage for my horses in that state

CO governor sorry to here you have danced to the wrong tune. I guess we will see how the people in CO handle the government craming these unconstitutional laws down their throat.

lets see if ol Hickenlooper will keep his job next election

There is no hope talking to liberals.  They will do the wrong thing every time. I will be smiling when this gets blocked or overturned by the courts and the lawmakers responsible get clobbered  in the 2014 mid term elections-unless this state has gone too far red already.Magpul,

I will never go back there..!!    no hunting, skiing,  or buying of any of their products... Gun makers  you stay... I won't buy from you..    I will use my $$$$ to support the free states...  Money and votes are what count... REMEMBER THAT!!

well the CBI should not be involved in background checks, the background checks should be done my the national center the NIC, and they should be free. if Colo thinks that a private citizen is going to pay for a background check when he want to buy a gun from someone the street or a neighbor, they better stop and think again. it is all swamp mist and mirrors, it looks like they really are worried about people getting killed when all they are doing is trying to make people feel comfortable.

Pennsylvania is open for business magpul! also remington and beretta.

Please I beg you sane people of CO vote this jerk out.  He has zero respect or understanding of the Constitution.

It's back to the gun shop tomorrow.

Husband and I were planning to buy some land in CO and go on another vacation there.  But I think our money will be better spent elsewhere.  Maybe the Smokies.  Gatlinburg is pretty.

and no Jessica,s law to protect people from rapists?  What the H-ll are you thinking, CO? Your legislator brags about life parole,,, 25 years, in Canon City a little more appropriate.  Sign those laws Gov.  then brag about it...  as you will.

Time for the people of Colorado to run these goons out of the state.

Well the Sheriffs are not going to enforce and the state can't do a thing about it, and they have the authority and power to tell the state to go fly a kiteWhat a shame. More wasted time and money on 'feel good' liberal nonsense.

Ideology comes first - now matter how stupid or ineffective it will be.

Governor Treason is his new name

This isn't about making anything safer for anybody ! This is how else can we screw the lawbiding public !

They report(The signings would be a victory for Democrats in the debate over gun control in this politically moderate state where gun ownership has been a treasured right.)No the signing will prove they will loose there 2014 seats. YEAAAAAA

HELP WANTED-New Governer,no experience necessary,just the guts to uphold the constitution of the USA.He will pay.

Is this somehow surprising?  The state notorious for the most vile gangs makes it difficult for law abiding citizens to protect themselves.  If Californian's had any balls, they would impeach his #$%$!!

the beauty of the constitution is what can be voted in.. can be voted out..

Goodbye Magpul,  goodbye good jobs in a tough economy and most important Goodbye all you democratic bast#$ds in upcoming elections......farewell #$%$

Ok so if i say my wife hit me. She will loose her rights before she is even convicted.(a ban on gun ownership by people accused of domestic-violence crimes and a bill to eliminate online-only safety training for people seeking concealed-weapons permits.)There are already laws that if you get convicted of a crime of domestic-violence you cant get a gun. I love you puppets that dont know laws. Glad they wany to take innocent intill proven guilty away.Wyoming's close and Magpul would be welcomed with open arms.

SKi Utah, Bike Utah Hike Utah   Wyoming Montana

Now there two states that have idiotds running them in the ground.

now lets sell pot its ok

Another prime example of Democrats against freedom.

come to Georgia, MagPul

I guess you don't want a bunch of stoners with guns. I can see that

This is just a step in a complete gun ban. After a few more shootings. They will say they did not do enough. And after a complete ban the idiots will be puzzled why they still is gun crimes and the puppets who obey there every order will still be getting robbed and shot. But they will have no guns to fight back against the bad guys. And the police will not have the resources to deal with it all. Who has a $100 on it.P.S sorry about loosing your seats in 2014. And hope you can sleep knowing there is blood on your hands. Oh silly me of course you can. With all the money you stole and got from kickbacks.

The people of this country have awoke. The liberal lie is falling apart.

Any restrictions or controls on the Mentally Ill or heavily psychotropically prescribed in that Bill since those are the ones who have pulled the triggers in EVERY ONE of the latest high profile massacres?If your in Colorado get your magazines before July 1st (when the law takes effect) and their grandfathered in or just go out of state, just like fireworks.

Now the politicians can all sing, Calif. here we come. I guess those politicians don't care anything about the Constitution or the oath they took.

Recall Gov. Lickenpooper!

"Victory for the Democrats" and i thought this was for the protection of the people but now we know it's for them to just look good

Now that Colorado is murder-free, I don't have to be afraid to drive through it any more....I was always scared when they had those AWFUL gun things!

You voted for these clowns, Colorado, now live with the results.

____WOW !!! I Feel so SAFE NOW !!! As we all know...CRIMINALS...follow the LAW and will now be unable to get Guns in CO...there will now never been another criminal with a gun in CO....Thank you Government for defending us.Rand Paul 2016-----" This is AMERICA if you dont like it....MOVE !"

The Dumbacrats win as stupid voters continue their support of a party that craps on the Constitution (except when it meets their Agenda).  If Coloradians do not vote these numbskulls out of office I will begin skiing in Utah... stupid, stupid people.

john will loose his job.

Colorado.... Ben Franklin said... " They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither safety nor liberty"        SO YOU LOST YOUR SAFETY AND Don't DESERVE YOUR LIBERTY... OOPS... you gave that up!!!Traitors Each and everyone of them

vote him out the next time

Not a good sign.

Should read Colorado gives ok for all americans not to move there. And to keep there money out of the state. Because they nor any company there wont get mine. Dont support america i wont support your state.

" Those willing to sacrifice liberty for security deserve neither "

Automotive crashes kill over 50,000 people/year. What are you going to do?  Restrict auto use too? Hopefully, this and other bills like this that were written and passed in an emotional, irrational moment will go to the Supreme Court to be decided on, once and for all.

Bunch of damn idiots! How in the world can they fail to understand that all of these laws will not affect criminals at all....  How many criminals go into a gun store to buy weapons???

I wonder how much of a cash payment the governor is getting to sign this piece of liberal shitttturds

Who cares. It's already ruled that the 2nd Amendment is and INDIVIDUAL right to carry which, as the Amendment speaks to, cannot be INFRINGED, which means limited in even the least amount. So the far-left libtards cannot prevent the population from being armed to overthrow their oppressive Marxist government - and the moment they try it, it's a sure sign it's time we water the liberty tree yet again with the blood of such tyrants. As Patrick Henry said - "Liberty or death" *down with big gov't*

Next Election will be fun to watch. 2014 and 2016 Come on and get here already.Wow I never pictured Colorado for a socialist state.

What are the magazine limits?  AP forgot to mention it, probably because they think magazines are like Newsweek and GayBlade.

I kid you not, these sheriffs are not going to go along with this...checkmate, without the sheriff you have no law or authority no matter what you sign, its null and void on its face

You can sign anything you want, but without sheriff support and backing, your just #$%$ into the wind

so you can smoke dope in Colorado but you can't have a large capacity magazine in your firearm???  Kind of messed up priorities don't you think????

It's been proven time and time again that gun laws don't reduce crime.  If these foolish polticians can't see that, should they be trusted with the legislative process?  It's time to install smarter people in public office.  Vote them out next election.

And on Wednesday, Colorado starts to slowly rot into another California.

I hope he gets charged with treason.

And the crowds go dancing in the streets in celebration of all they have accomplished. "We did it! We did it!  Nothing will change but WE DID IT!"Remember this the next time someone dies and your silly regulations had no affect.

This is not good. It's going to get ugly.Can anyone give a reasonable explination why Democrats take pride in violating the Constitutional rights of the American people and try and force there idealogy upon millions of Americans who do not agree with there twisted way of thinking. No political party has a right to infringe upon the Constitutionsal rights of the people of this country I do not like or approve of many things which liberal Democrats hold dear but it is not my place to pass judgement upon these people and infringe upon there rights But yet these people take pride in rammrodding legislation through just because they may have a majority in a legislative body without even taking into consideration the reprocussions these acts may have. It should not matter what political party one belongs to when it comes to the Bill of Rights or the Constitutuion.What does matter is that we are all Americans and this country has been a free Country since its inception and  Its sad that many have forgotton freedom isn't free and many have paid the ultimate price to presearve the Liberty and Freedom of this Great Nation and those sacrifices should not be in vain and forgotton because of people who do not respect The Constitution or the Bill of Rights.

Is John Hickenlooper Jewish?

well, it looks like Hickenlooper is signing  his governor office exit papers. He's gonna need lots and lots of King Bloombergs NYC money to keep his job next election ....

Hickenlooser, Bu. Bye

Glad I don't live in Colorado.

And the democrats get a disarmed and helpless group to rule. Fight back! Put EVERY DEMOCRAT out of office and repeal ALL of these nanny laws.

Nobody will pay attention to that law. Screw em.

I live in Ca., the local sheriff sent Feinstein and Biden letters explicitly claiming that he will NOT enforce any form of gun/ammo confiscation, I stand with him and countless sherriff's around the country, i stand against obama and his commie regime.

the reason chic and ny are the way they are is becouse local law enforcement as well as obama failed to take an agressive stand against there criminals and gangsters becouse they are cowards so they go after the law abideing people.think about it its ther failure.and good people pay the price

I hope Magpul puts up or shuts up!time to man up magpul move out, don,t look back

what bunch of dum blanks

DONT BE BEECHBe Russian!!!!

The jerk who said he went to a machine shop for mags is a damn lier...you dont make mags in a machine shop you close Lberal...You freekin liein #$%$ Liberals don't even have the brins to figure out how things are made......You are a Freakin Liberal Democrat snake in the gr#$%$...PERIOD!!!!!!!!!

Another reason to not hunt in CO!

Interesting that the state that liberalizes the use of marijuana so that people can drive around bombed out of their minds (yes marijuana has a residual effect and lasts days) killing other motorists and pedestrians has moved to further gun controls.

If you work at magpul corp call your gov hickenlooper  and your other reps and  thank them for losing your job ..

#$%$ Gov and democrat losers!! Fort Collins

Midterms are going to be a beeotch for the Dems.

MAGPUL, Sorry about that! Hit the wrong key! Anyway, come to Kansas, right next door and our Governor is a strong 2nd amendment advocate. Also, he's working on doing away with the state income tax. Win-Win!When guns are outlawed only outlaws will have guns.

Goodbye Hickenpooper.....and all you others that go along ignoring our constitution.....you are done...start looking for jobs! A-HOLES

The liberal city of Denver can out vote the rest of the entire state, otherwise this never would have passed.

Guns won our freedom back in 1776. Think about that before you jump on the gun bashing agenda.

Screw Colorado......I hope they go bankrupt......

Finally !  The idiots in charge put in their own term limit !     Outstanding. Hope the rest of the Demotards do the same............... HURRAH !!!!!!!!!!

There's a place where they tell you what you can and can't own or do. North Korea.

Hckenlooper has just gone loopy.

i hope the people rise up agaist the theft of their constitutional liberty.this is a travesty,and sadly..it wont do a damned thing EXCEPT impose unfair,not to mention unconstitutional limits on LAW ABIDING CITIZENS.the criminals,will carry on as per usual. way to go treasonists.i know people that go every year to colorado for hunting trips...and they are boycotting the state becasue of how it infringes on the rights of the law abiding because of the evil actions of a few.spread the word!!! dont go to colorado for anything!!

SANDYHOOK- Mentally ill walking the streets, and holding public office.Democrats all voted for Finestiens bill. Republicans all voted against. Seems to me you now know who to vote for next time. Communists or Patriots.

They can legalize pot, but not guns?  Another bunch of idiots ruining, not running, this country.

ELECTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES. This is what happens when Constitutional Conservatives sit out elections.  For anyone out there who worked all day or sat home last November, get out and vote next time or you will get more and more of this.  The fanatics on the left are unified, well funded, highly motivated, and know how to *WIN*!!  The only thing Conservatives have right now is the possiblity of turnout aimed at saving the country as we now know it next election.  Wish it wasn't so.

p mag prices are about to sky rocket even higher.glad i just bought 10.hope magpul moves to texas.must suck to be one of the hundres or thousands losing their jobs in colorado because of this.i wait for the day when there is a second civil war and we get to kill every last democrat.i hope i am on the firing squad for senator feinstein.

“The rifle itself has no moral stature, since it has no will of its own. Naturally, it may be used by evil men for evil purposes, but there are more good men than evil, and while the latter cannot be persuaded to the path of righteousness by propaganda, they can certainly be corrected by good men with rifles.”― Jeff Cooper, Art of the Rifle

urban  denver  is no  different  than  california  least  they  will know  who  to vote  against   get   them  out  of  office  the  are  nothing  but  abuch  of  scum   bags.

This reads like a sixth grade homework assignment.

Can someone please tell me when was the last time a mass shooting was committed by a law biding citizen who has permission by the constitution to carry and own a gun? Can someone please tell me when a crazy person, or a criminal for that matter committed a mass shooting???? It isn't the inanimate object that is at fault here. The wicked intent of a person is what needs to be addressed.

I guess that means the bad guys can no longer use high cap magazines and have to get a background check before they kill you in your own house.

Antonin Scalia - DC V. Heller:Like most rights, the right secured by the Second Amendment is not unlimited. From Blackstone through the 19th-century cases, commentators and courts routinely explained that the right was not a right to keep and carry any weapon whatsoever in any manner whatsoever and for whatever purpose.Nothing in our opinion should be taken to cast doubt on longstanding prohibitions on the possession of firearms by felons and the mentally ill, or laws forbidding the carrying of firearms in sensitive places such as schools and government buildings, or laws imposing conditions and qualifications on the commercial sale of arms.Why is this so hard for pro gunners to grasp?Better yet go to North Korea,theyll love feinstein there she and the colarado governor can run the death camps.

Job openings in Colorado  Senate, House and Governor , must be of sound mind

Magpul, think Arizona. It's close and 2nd amendment friendly. Best of all it's down hill from where you are now so you'll save some gas on the move.

If there are any more deaths by guns caused by criminals. They should loose there jobs for misleading and lieing to the public. Sounds like a fair trade off. I mean they are so sure it will curb gun violence right.P.S sorry you lost your 2014 seats in advance.

What makes them think that criminals will pay attention to this law any more than all the others? Maybe, just maybe, the passingof  this law has absolutely nothing to do with preventing crime?

The comments on these comment boards are so much against gun control that if they represent the will of the people none of these anti gun politicians will be re-elected. My question is are you all going to vote? Please do! If the anti gun crowd is voted out in Colorado that will send a strong message to Washington, and it won't be what the liberals want.

Commies always push too far, they want this fight, they will get it, give me liberty or give me death, I will NOT comply!

Everyone in the state should go get CCW and carry whenever you are away from the house. Make them worry that your 7 rounds are all around them but they know not where...

Just goes to show there are consequences to buying the liberal propaganda.

To liberals who are against guns:  It is in ALL of our best interest to not infringe on the 2nd amendment.   When the government becomes TOO powerful, both conservatives and liberals will suffer.  And if you don't believe this, you don't know TRUE history and are a fool.I worked as a federal ranger in Colorado and was going to go back and do it full time. I'm definately not going back to Colorado. I'll stay right where I'm at and apply for a position in another non-liberal state.

I've fished, hunted, gone skiing and vacationed in Colorado all my life.  As long as they keep these laws in place, I'll never visit again even if I live twice.  I'm sorry that the true Coloradans have to suffer from the influx of liberals from California.  Maybe if the state suffers the loss of money, they can get Chickenpooper and all the other liberals out of office.

If this doesn't stop all gun crime the gov deserves some jail time. Just a little common sense accountability for the lawmakers.

Colorado rocky mountain ....bye.Put the bong down for a minute and kick these people out.

Now hope this is his last term. If Colorado votes him back in then there is no hope for that state.

Look on the bright side Colrado, in NOvember, you'll get all new officials who you get to vote in. Political suicide for these Anti-American traitor Hitler loving SOBs.

The Governor of Colorado sucks a big weenie ------------------------ ''Eat a turd you Liberal ''

Have fun with that.  Your own sheriffs said they won't enforce it.

PMAG will be moving soon

The begining of the end of our freedom!I guess he is ending his political career now.

The US Constitution allowed the states to readily legislate and restrict pretty much anything EXCEPT the fundamental rights secured by the Bill of Rights.  It's obscene and sad to see those basic rights sold so cheaply when they were so dearly purchased to begin with.

Elections have consequences. Boycott Colorado! Who is going to work to support all the folks who are stoned ?

I see protests in front of the Hickenlooper Mansion!

Liberals in Colorado will sign away jobs to control citizens rights to freedom.  It's sad to see such a wonderful state polluted with the left wing agenda.  I do not wish for the company to move because I believe their rights to freedom are more important, but I also say "Why be with someone who doesn't want you."  Godspeed Magpul.  Hopefully you will grace Texas with your presence.

Its real easy folks just vote them out then change the law back with someone else!

"ban on gun ownership by people accused of domestic-violence crimes." Accused mind you, not convicted. The entire political landscape of this country has gone insane. Stand up Americans.

We should resist all government that tries to take our freedoms any way we can .

Politically moderate my #$%$.  Colorado has swung decidely to the loony left.  What a shame, I enjoyed my time there.

Pretty disappointed. Not in the laws, but the idiots that empowered the people creating them. Far too many Americans have lost their sense of pride in the United States and they're dragging the rest of us down with them. Obama is winning.Can't fix stupid......just boycott it. As a small business owner I no longer sell my product to democrats, when they place an order I ask them for their political party affiliation. If they respond democrat, I tell them that I feel that they are not capable of responsible use of the product and refuse their order. The funny thing is, sales are up since I've been doing this.

Do you people understand that if we could simply SHUT DOWN the federal government for a month, we could starve the majority of gov't-dependant liberals that have bled this country dry, it's as easy as that, cut off the nipple and these rats will starve!

Dear Magpul Industries......I HAVE 5 AVAILABLE ACRES OF GOOD FLORIDA SOIL THAT I WILL GIVE YOU FOR YOUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS. MY HOUSE SITS ON THE FRONT 2 ACRES BUT WE CAN BE NEIGHBORS.Dear Colorado Governor,Senators,Legislature......GO #$%$RSELVES

This governor will be defeated in a land slide next go-around by signing this useless paper.

Pack your bags, Gov.

History will remember this man as a criminal .

OK, so what's next if, after the govenor signs the bill into law the mass killings by the mentally unstable continue? What then?  Maybe they should ban TVs?  That way these nut cases won't continue trying for their 15 minutes of Fame!

Get ready to say goodbye to that governor in the next election!  It will be repealed, trust me.

Un-constitutional, therefore, null and void. Better luck next time.

Go down south or south west where  they love there guns like GOD grits and women:)Here's hoping all Colorado citizens tell the governor to get bent and continue to exercise their Second Amendment rights

I am glad I do not live in Colorado because the state government, which is supposed to work for the people, would have just made me become a criminal.

Sign the petition at Change dot Org and let's get this idiot recalled! He has no idea the sleeping beast he has awoken..but he will.

So from here on out when a politician commits political suicide we can call it  doing the"hickenlooper". Rock on Magpul, #$%$ Colorado!

I learned a great deal of respect for firearms hunting with my father outside of Boulder (seams like a hundred years ago, but it wasn't).  He carried the assault weapon of his fathers time.  Sure can't figure out why these idiots can't maintain the true culture of a true American State!  Oh well.....

THe Govenor serves on a membership with?  Ellen Degenerus, Ellen Malcomb ..the founder of Emily's list. Allen Questrom...the ceo of JC Pennys...Fredrick M. Bohen ceo of Rockefellar University.He is a 'plant' in sheeps clothingthe group he is a member in is Human Rights Committe

STUPID LEADERS MAKING STUPID DECISIONS! Way to go Colorado! You did it in the presidential race and you're doing it AGAIN. STUPID STUPID STUPID!

He's as stupid as Fields!

Too bad the chief law enforcement officers in Colorado have vowed NOT to enforce any laws written under this embarassment of legislative action.  Kudos to those Sheriffs and Chiefs who will not fall victim to the Democratic agenda to disarm the people.  Numbnuts that they are.

I guess child rapist will be sure to leave their assault rifles at home in the future, wouldn't want to get in troubleFeinstein = Kim Jong-Un = Mao = Stalin = HitlerFeinstein is the perfect example of where all government eventually leads: the usurpation of power and the trampling on the rights and liberties of the people. If you extrapolate Feinstein out for a few more decades, you get Kim Jong-Un, the sociopathic cult leader of the nation of North Korea, where government is literally worshipped as God and there are absolutely no individual rights or freedoms remaining. Sen. Feinstein would fit right in with Kim Jong-Un's administration because she shares the same philosophy of the government holding all power while the people hold none.

Just go much further North to do your hunting, recreating and touring. And when Colorado's economy lands in the crapper the residents can ask Gov. John Hickenlooper to share his thoughts on what he thinks went wrong. Duh!

Soon to be Ex Governor to sign bill....

Democrats equal retardation.......

It's fair trade-off. We lose some of our 2nd Amendment, but there won't be any more murders in Colorado.

TEABAGGERS won't like this at all.

I am FOR some reasonable gun control measures, and so are a majority of Americans. BUT...I don't believe any majority should get to VOTE on the rights of others. I support gay marriage, and I support the Second amendment.

What part of "shall not be infringed" do these jerks not understand?

The voters of Colorado have voted away their freedom through democrats.

The democratic party is pushing for this. Now we know who to vote out of office. It takes about 2 seconds to reload a mag. This isn't going to stop anyone trying to hurt others. I live in Colorado, sad to say with all that is now going on. We look like idiots to the rest of the states (excluding NY and CA) Colorado is a beautiful place where a lot of the people hunt (for food) and aren't pot heads, but is being corrupted by pot heads that don't like guns. Enough already.you cannot legalize tyranny. Elections can be had. but all popular votes must be balanced against the constitution. Making the u.s a constitutional republic. not a democracy as you are told to believe.

Hey Magpul    What's the new address?  Let us know so we don't have to pay any taxes to NY West.

All part of the liberal agenda: dumb them down with public education and the media, then dumb them down even more with legalized pot, then take their guns away, then they are powerless fools who will do whatever they are told.

Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper, (ain't that a helleva name) you are an idiot, you state is full of idiots and this #$%$ legislation will not change a damn thing.

I hope you peolpe in Colorado can pull together and oust all politicians that feel this is a good thing.

OK boys, they gonna do this thing one state at a time! I'm moving to the first state that says OH HELL NO :)

What a Putz

Bilderberg and the coming gew world order is here sheeple, it is not long now.

Dinckelhopper don,t do it, it will help nobody, it will just look good on papers and you will ruin your political future.

Such a drastic correction in policy is required, that after the revolt, we will again be a very different, smaller Nation.The Bath Michigan School Disaster is the worst school massacre ever committed. The weapons used... bombs. 44 dead and 58 injured. Although nobody was shot by a gun, a mentally deranged person was still able to commit a crime of this magnitude.

Who cares what bogus legislation leftist hickenpooper signs, I openly encourage all Americans keep their property anyway.

EXPECT to get sued by the NRA and gun rights.  "restriction" = "banning" = "infringing" = lawsuit and loss for liberals.  Waste of time and money.  Are they THAT stupid...umm, look at Obama...yep.  A company flew me to Colorado for a job.  When I asked the real estate relocation person who should know a lot about the properties and state and localities "what is the core competency of Colorado?"   That is, what do they do, make, etc., to exists.  Her answer...nothing. She didn't know and couldn't answer.  She was intregued and said she would get back to me.  Needless to say, she never did and I turned down the job as one reason was I didn't want to be associated with Colorado and stupid funking people!!!  :O  True story

Buck up all you gun nuts, you only have 2200 weapons to choose from if Nancy gets her way.

Thank you, Colorado State government, for using your brains.  jmo

There is a Sheriff in Colorado who says he won't enforce the new law. In a way, it doesn't matter. Gun stores will comply with the requirement of the law rather than risk their dealer's license. If the state legislature wants the Sheriff to comply, and he gets "uppity", they can cut much of his funding.

Another fine state overrun by the California Plague.

Statistics on Gun Deaths &amp; InjuriesIn 2010, guns took the lives of 31,076 Americans in homicides, suicides and unintentional shootings.  This is the equivalent of more than 85 deaths each day and more than three deaths each hour.73,505 Americans were treated in hospital emergency departments for non-fatal gunshot wounds in 2010.Firearms were the third-leading cause of injury-related deaths nationwide in 2010, following poisoning and motor vehicle accidents.Between 1955 and 1975, the Vietnam War killed over 58,000 American soldiers – less than the number of civilians killed with guns in the U.S. in an average two-year period.In the first seven years of the U.S.-Iraq War, over 4,400 American soldiers were killed. Almost as many civilians are killed with guns in the U.S., however, every seven weeks.HomicideGuns were used in 11,078 homicides in the U.S. in 2010, comprising almost 35% of all gun deaths, and over 68% of all homicides.On average, 33 gun homicides were committed each day for the years 2005-2010.Regions and states with higher rates of gun ownership have significantly higher rates of homicide than states with lower rates of gun ownership.Where guns are prevalent, there are significantly more homicides, particularly gun homicides.SuicideFirearms were used in 19,392 suicides in the U.S. in 2010, constituting almost 62% of all gun deaths.Over 50% of all suicides are committed with a firearm.On average, 49 gun suicides were committed each day for the years 2005-2010.White males, about 40% of the U.S. population, accounted for over 80% of firearm suicides in 2010.A study of California handgun purchasers found that in the first year after the purchase of a handgun, suicide was the leading cause of death among the purchasers.Firearms were used in nearly 44% of suicide deaths among persons under age 25 in 2010.More than 75% of guns used in suicide attempts and unintentional injuries of 0-19 year-olds were stored in the residence of the victim, a relative, or a friend.The risk of suicide increases in homes where guns are kept loaded and/or unlocked.Unintentional Deaths and InjuriesIn 2010, unintentional firearm injuries caused the deaths of 606 people.From 2005-2010, almost 3,800 people in the U.S. died from unintentional shootings.Over 1,300 victims of unintentional shootings for the period 2005–2010 were under 25 years of age.People of all age groups are significantly more likely to die from unintentional firearm injuries when they live in states with more guns, relative to states with fewer guns. On average, states with the highest gun levels had nine times the rate of unintentional firearms deaths compared to states with the lowest gun levels.A federal government study of unintentional shootings found that 8% of such shooting deaths resulted from shots fired by children under the age of six.The U.S. General Accounting Office has estimated that 31% of unintentional deaths caused by firearms might be prevented by the addition of two devices: a child-proof safety lock (8%) and a loading indicator (23%).

You are a moron..private citizens are so outguned it isn't even funny..You Damn Liberal Democrat Commie #$%$ suckers keep trying to pose as a member of the right but are to stupid to know enough of the facts to pass it off.....Thanks you bunch of dummies!!!!!!!!

way to go Magpul Im from Colo. this is the stupidest thing Ive ever heard of Im sure the criminals will be all over this. Its like when you go to a bank theres a sign saying no weapons allowed Im not the guy to worry about I lock mine up then go in the criminals arent saying wow I cant take my gun in better leave it in the car ????? #$%$I hope the gangbangers move to Colorado .

Hickenlooper,,, what the fup nationality is that,  sounds like a fellow from whoville,  Green eggs ham, and hickenloopers..   bahoo boray nahoo toray welvcoome welcome, antigun laws

I went to Colorado once - I didn't lose anything so I guess I have no reason to go back..........

lets see we have had gun control for decades and it didnt work- so more laws will? how them college folks wind up dummer than the uneducated hillbillies who dont have a chance to go to college to become dumb.  an outlaw doesnt care about your gun control laws...

Hey Hickenlooper, pick up your phone!  Michael Bloomberg and Pat Quinn are on the line, and they want to three-way!Oh noise, did I say "want TO three-way"?  I meant "want A three-way".  You cסּck-sucker..

How do the Demonazi's purpose enforcing the ammunition magazines law, with door-to-door searches...

If Colorado had banned abortion and the sheriff was pro-choice and refused to enforce the law would you be applauding that?

Okay, so some slopeheads are talking about overthrowing the government because they can only have 15 rounds in the magazines even though they've accepted that they don't have the right to own machine guns, tanks, landmines and other weapons of war.  The smart money is that these people are just blowhards who will run at the critical moment.  Or maybe they will just drop over from sheer stupidity.

Data indicates that the majority of Coloradans support these reasonable gun laws-  background checks for all gun purchases and limiting the number of rounds in a cartridge.It's time for the reasonable majorities' voices to be heard over the hysterical rantings of the unreasonable minority.

Congratulations Colorado, I know many states now will follow your lead..  Thank You.Suck it up redneqks!!! A trailer in the south awaits you and your sister cousin.

When your gun becomes more important than the children...You have a serious problem....Way to go Colorado....I'm sure a high tech company looking for good people will pick up the loss.

I've always liked Colorado. I like it MORE now. Guess I'll go skiing there next winter.

Colorado won't pass legislation to protect children but will pass gun laws against law abiding citizens.

I think Magpul should move to Texas where they will be welcome and there employees won't pay state taxes.  Let CO feel the effects of businesses leaving the state.  Good luck on the next election Hickenlooper.

We need to stop this #$%$,this is all we have left to stop this off the wall govt, civil war is realy comeing, look at cypress the govt took thear guns now thear takeing thear saveings right out of the bank you think its not comeing here? Think Again

hello, my name is jonf I live in Virginia. I am announcing my intention to run for governor of Colorado. my first act will be to repeal this gun control being put into place now. remember to vote jonf on election day, ill move over right away when I'm governor

Yes, there's a danger from the tyranny of government.  But there is a much bigger danger from anarchic ignoramuses who think they can defy they law whenever they feel like it.  This law has a symbolic as well as practical value.  Good job.

The problem with Colorado is all the liberal trash moved in in the last 25 years......Ski bums and other Texas and California rif-raf have ruened the state !!!!

Guns are Property not puffs-of-hot-air called "rights".Gun ownership is way down, guys.  Fewer than 35% of households own guns.  No one cares about your manufactured controversies about "tyranny" or whatever it is that you blather on about.  You all seem to exhibit signs of Paranoid Personality Disorder.  You will still wake up tomorrow, and guns will still be legal.  You'll just have to buy smaller clips.  I know.  I know.  It'll be tough for you "constitutional warriors" to defend the nation without clips containing 100 bullets, or whatever ridiculous amount is being banned, but I think you'll manage to survive.   And God forbid we do more to help make sure that everyone who owns a gun is not a criminal.  Oh, the injustice of it all....

NRA needs more money from their Gun Manufactures to push their agenda, scarring the gun nuts always helps.

As long as useful idiots can vote, Democrats will be elected, and useless laws will be enacted.

I am a police officer. I was an active duty in the Marines from May 2001 to May 2006, honorably discharged as a Sergeant. I was a weapons instructor in the military. I am a firearms instructor and less lethal instructor as a police officer. I have a BS degree in Criminal Justice and I am half way done with my Masters. The responsibility is in the hands of the operator; whether it is a car, gun or a hammer. Please read the following.Criminals are less likely to commit a crime knowing that people are armed and willing to defend themselves. Here is something to think about if people are truly worried about numbers of people being killed or injured. I served active duty in the United States Marine Corps from May 2001 to May 2006. I am also a full time police officer, and been in security/law enforcement for 15 years 5 of them in the Corps. I have been a part of more vehicle incidences involving serious bodily injury or death than I have been involved with gun incidences involving serious bodily injury or death. So you might be thinking that making cars illegal is absurd. I feel making semi-automatic rifles, shotguns and handguns illegal is absurd. I feel making cars illegal is absurd. The responsibility belongs to the OPERATOR. If you outlaw these types of guns then only outlaws will possess them. Some say there is no need for civilians to have them. I disagree, because I own an AR15 and I have hunted with it. You can hunt with an AR15 as long as you use a magazine that holds no more than 5 rounds. I have shot cans with it. I have shot watermelons with it. Shooting the AR15 is fun. I use it responsibly. I use my AR15 like another person may use a shotgun to shoot at clay targets. What we need to do is enforce the laws that we already have. What Judges, prosecuting attorneys and county attorneys need to do is prosecute to the full extent of the law and stop allowing charges to get pled down. Like the man who killed his grandma with a hammer; then shot at firemen coming to his home to put the fire out after he got out of jail. From what I understand he was initially charged with murder 1 for killing his own grandmother; then it was pled down to manslaughter. By having the charges pled down allowed him to get out of jail instead of staying in.The second Amendment of the Constitution has four parts to it separated by commas:1. A well regulated Militia2. Being necessary to the security of a free State3. The RIGHT of the PEOPLE to keep and bear ARMS4. Shall NOT be infringedAs a whole the second Amendment of the Constitution states “A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.”Mrs. Feinstein brought up the issue of owning a bazooka. The M136 84 MM Anti-Tank Cartridge (AT-4) is a device (not a firearm) that creates an explosion when it hits something much like a grenade does when it goes off. Both Grenades and the AT-4 type weapons are strictly controlled by the military and the ATF. These types of weapons are illegal to own by anyone and are illegal to possess; unless you are working as a Government agent that requires you to have such weapons for example the military, ATF, FBI and so on. There is not any reason why a civilian needs to own an AT-4 or grenades.Semi-automatic weapons are weapons that have a magazine (not a clip for the AR15) fire one bullet each time you pull the trigger. A fully automatic weapon shoots more than one round at a time when the trigger is pulled. At this time in Nebraska you can own a semi-automatic weapon without having a special permit. To own a fully automatic weapon you need a special permit which takes time and money to receive. A person who is responsible who is not a felon or has not been convicted of domestic violence, and has not been convicted of any crime of violence and can pass a background investigation should be able to own a gun. That is the way it is in most states.

as if the dwindling supplies of ammo wasn't enough damage

This is typical of how a power hungry politician reacts.  All the laws this side of hell will never stop man's inhumanity to man.  The only thing that could possibly be lower than a politician is a snake's belly in a wagon rut.

Most of you pro-gunners are obviously members of the NRA. Therefore, you are getting tallking points from them. Some of you may even be paid to copy cat and broadcast NRA's slogans and arguments. That's legal to do and is of course free speech.  But people should be aware that their being exposed to one side of the argument more than the other. This expolains why there are a preponderance of pro-gun arguments which are highly at odds with the public polls on this issue.

Finally somebody with the guts to stand up to the NRA.

Magpul , please move to Indiana where your business is very much wanted!

Boycott boycott then vote him and his people out,,,,maybe he go visit hugoGreat...progress.

#$%$

I have no problem with with a State taking its citizens right away from them because they voted for this! The constitution tells the Federal Gov it shall not infringe the right of people to bear arms. Let the dummies in Col. be unarmed and see how it works out for them!

Derp derp!! The guvmint is coming for my guns!!! Oh no!!! I better hide in my trailer and tune into Fox News and wait for a sign from Hannity.

Gee, looks like the gunners are leaving Colo. That's sure to make Colorado a clean, safe state, a good place to live to raise our families. Good for hunting, too with our legal huntin' rifles. They'll all probably move to Idaho. What a relief to get rid of them with their guns, guns, guns.

The TEABAGGING, Fox News watching, gun toting lifestyle has come to an end.  Thank goodness.  FORWARD witht he progressive agenda!

They should stop selling ammo and guns....plain and simple !!

Great news.

The best thing about a law it can be changed and so can the people who makes laws to force down the throats of the people in the USA your time soon will end in office of any that make foolish laws of this type! No matter what office you might hold! Government like you are the ones about to push the USA over the edge and the USA will become the same as many other countries in the world like the middle east!

Don't worry Gun nuts as you can just head north to Wyoming and go shoot your AK-47's with #$%$ Cheney (just duck when he shoots). If not Hezbollah likes that stuff also ala fools running around unregulated with military weapons.It will be LAW soon Gun Freaks. Obey or go to Jail (in Colorado). Funny how gun deaths are drastically lower in states with tighter Gun Restrictions.

Hitler said it best-YOU MUST FIRST DISARM A NATION THEN YOU CAN DEFEAT IT.-HAS HITLER BEEN REINCARNATED  true American -you take my guns when you take my life.

Democrats are the "Law and Order" party.

Obama, Pelosi, Feinstein, State of CO are all moving FORWARD!  The progressive agenda will fix this land once and for all.  We will fundamentally transform America.  Just like Obama said.  FORWARD with Obama!

Let the whining begin.

So you gun happy blokes, take it to the supreme court where conservatives are in the majority.

Thou shall not kill. Turn the other cheek. Break out the bear!

too many gunstoo many tragedies

Now we can go to CO ski get high and don't have to worry about some gun toting, sister fuqking inbred redneqk.

Only in the gun control debate do you hear the argument "Criminals don't obey the law, so why make laws." No one says, "Child molesters don't obey the law, so laws against child molestation won't work."  Since criminals, by definition, don't obey the law, let's do away with all laws. Right? Makes sense if you're the NRA.Gun control opposition: absolute #$%$ brought to by the gun lobby and non-thinking morons.People who are fixated on guns are probably depressed, abusive in speech if not in action, must be constantly angry, are ridden with fantasies stimulated by the gun, Love to look through cross hairs and feel the trigger. Wonder who they imagine the target is.

Making love and not war is a heck of a lot more fun than fondling and playing with guns.

Finally a Governor that has some sense. You go Colorado! Support is heading your way!

Colorado.  Check.

I hope this becames a law in all the States. We dont need guns as we use to when the consitition was writen. General Howie is long gone and the Indians dont ride any more. We need love for mankind not killing each others. Caw boys days are over!

If Colorado gets away with this then maybe other states will follow the example.  Let's hope that either way, the US can become a safer place for innocent people.

Great move by Colorado.

Finally a politician with the balls to stand up to the merchants of death and their lobbying machine, the NRA.

Glad to see the NRA FAIL AGAIN!! HA HA HA!!!

Glad to see this going through!!lol, suck it guntards

the NRA cowards are out tonight. just mention your support for what colorados doing and they panic and try to bury your post, HA HA!!

So Awesome!  Thank you Colorado!