The only people who use the term "immunity" are lawyers and other guilty people.

It's pretty sad that people born into royalty believe they are above the law and are all too often supported by government.

Just do what the Saudi's would do to us!

These fat cats Saudi princes are filthy rich from oil, yet they still engage in businesses and try to screw investors. #$%$.

"Details of the allegations have so far remained secret because the prince and his father have argued that it would be damaging to Saudi Arabia's relations with Britain and the United States to air them in open court."All the more reason to open it up to the public, methinks.

well don't do STUPID STUFF if you are SCREWING people and know it might cause grief DO NOT DO IT

embarrassing the royal family is a decapital offense in Saudi Arabia...lol.

What exactly do you have to do to be "at risk of serious personal injury or death from reprisals" ???

They're not heads of state, or on diplomatic business.  Try them.

The entire Saudi Family is a blight on the face of the planet.  They should be wiped off the face of the earth.Are they related to the Saudis that were allowed to fly out of America after 9/11? While all other private air craft were grounded.

As a USA citizen, I find it amusing when 'Royals' still believe they are better than the rest of mankind. Clue: if they are cut and bleed... its not 'blue' blood as they will have you believe, but typical red and white platelets like everyone else's. The only real difference is their indifference to the rest of the populations, and their foolish amount of wealth gained on the backs and blood of 'common' citizens. No one should ever be considered 'above the law' no matter what their 'standing' in the community. No One. its called 'Justice for All'

Someone please correct me, but they are princes thanks to the US and G. Britain...

If you didn't do anything wrong why would you need immunity,and if you did do something wrong why should you be protected from the consequences of your actions.

The UK is now called "The Holy Kingdom" Their are more Arabs there than Brits.

Here is a good rule of thumb: if you wouldn't want people to know what you are doing, then you probably shouldn't be doing it.

Saudi is as bad as Africa -every second homey seems to be a prince

Islamic racists like Saudi regime members should not be even allowed entrance into the UK, the British Government is supposed to stop those who want to spread terrorism from getting a visa to enter the country.

The text of the 45-page ruling: "Go pound sand. Go pound sand. Go pound sand... ...Go pound sand".

Like all the so called royal families they are nothing more than tax burden to the tax payers. They don't have a job, live high on the hog while the rest of us go and try to earn a living while our tax$$$  support their habits.good. Now force pork down their throats unitl the die, soak them in pigs blood then toss them into the river! Terrorists!

About time too !!!!!!

They have also asserted that Prince Abdulaziz would be "at risk of serious personal injury or death from reprisals" if details of one of the disputed transactions were made public. I wish somebody would. These Saudi pseudo royals treats everybody else with contempt. In January they beheaded an innocent Sri Lankan maid, Rizana Nafeek, convicted of murder when aged 17. There was no post mortem nor accredited interpreters at the trial, yet these Royals justified the beheading of this girl with spurious excuses, short of saying she was only a peasant.

It is about time and lets hope just the beginning of a new trend.