" public anger at generous entitlements for the ultra-Orthodox reaches a peak."  Thats nothing, We (USA) only get grief for our support of the war crime state of Israel.  You Zionist do not like supporting ultra-Orthodox, How wold you like it if you were American and were sitting next to a war with Iran because Israel will not obey internatonal law.

IN RESPONCE TO;Common sence:  you nick descrives the exact oposite of a paradox because you sir poops lack that the very thing you call your self its just an illusion or rather you are a mirage lolthe contrary to a paradox i been telling you but you cant understand genius

Oh just another israeli acting like an American.......Yessum.....

Israel has the only decent economy in the region. I look forward to the day when we are no longer dependent on foreign oil. Watch what happens then to the middle east.

When do Zionist plan to give American tax payers money back? Enough already.

:-D well we got ridd of sadam because israel lied now we need to nuke israel because they lied to us

Funny there is not a day with out the zion natzis in the yahoo news self promotion

The United States taxpayers continue to give Israel $5 Billion dollars every year to help Israel defend its illegal occupations of the West Bank, Golan Heights and Lebanon's Shebaa Farms region.  Israel knows that there is good money to be made by occupying their neighbors' lands.

Congratulation&lt; Mr. Lapid you will do a great job for the people of Israel and not like Benjamin that war devil.

Hey Boneheads, give America its $2.3 triIIion back!Why" Does he have both hands in US taxpayers pockets already?!?!!?!?

Israel the other master race is a criminal interprise just like hitlers

Not to worry. If Isreal runs out of money AIPAC will lobby our legislators to give them more. They used our tax dollars to build the holocaust museum in Washington. Why is there a holocaust musuem in the U.S anyway? It should be in Germany or Israel. We dont owe these people nothing. These people are not Americas friends. Cut them loose.

BROTHER- BARACK HUSSEIN OBAMA .?

With all the good Jewish accountants in this world, Israel has a "former journalist" as their Finance Minister.  What ? You got to be kidding me !!

This Jew is probably trying to squeeze every penny out of the American tax payer.