Did the father share with the court which wounds were on his son's body before he was captured?  I don't know either, but the only injury suspicious at all is the wire around the neck.  Bruises, bullet wounds, broken jaw?  Sounds like combat to me.  If, during the fight, he were shot in the leg and then shot in the neck, fell from somewhere and broke his jaw and got chest bruises, was not quite dead when the battle was over, was taken by the Brits and died later of his wounds, then, well, that's war.  Again, only the wire is suspicious at all.

Can't build christian churches over there, mosques can be built over here.  Can't complain to their courts over there, they can complain over here.  Perfectly level playing field isn't it?

who would sue iraq/iran/pakistan/afghanistan/etc for their barbaric and cruel terrorist actions against the rest of the world...???

My son was walking with his RPG to prayer just like every other innocent muslim and they just started shooting at him for no reason.

How many were beheaded and dragged through the streets for fun.

Poor poor murderous and cowardly muslims. I'd break out my sympathy violin, but I could not get it past airport security.

the violence described, sounds very much like the commonplace Iraqi v. Iraqi violence that has been going on for decades (centuries?).  Shiites v. Sunni and vice versa.sounds like someone is following the money and looking for a payout.

Honestly these people are violent themselves the horrors they commit upon each other scare the hell out of me. They need to be left alone to figure things out. And I do mean alone no aid no money no.tradeing

Al-Sweady denied changing his account over time...... A muslim would never tell a lie to serve himself now would he?

Its a war and people die in wars, not good on either side thats why deploymacy is exhausted first. Look at our troops that have come home. I feel sorry for our troops not the people who cause the wars. these people have been figting for 100s of years not gonna end any time soon,.muslims seem to forget about what their countries have done (under acts of terrorism) to others in thier own countries and around the globe....i certainly don't condone random violence but there are wars going on all over the place in that section of the globe....during war, one isn't always thinking about the future consequences of current actions....it's a kill-or-be-killed existence.....it's miserable and bad attitudes can sprout up quickly....bad decisions are made all the time but in a combat situation, those can be very costly....

Its all our fault.  This punk was out setting up land mines to kill our troops!

If they catch a Brit alive they will castrate him before they cut his throat.. c'mon Brits be nice to this F****ing angels!

Make him prove it was the british and not his own muslim brother because his kid was caught talking to the brits.

Sounds like he sould have done a better job of rasing his son.

War is horrible and Islamist are torturing and killing Christians, Drews, Bahais and Jews now for 1400 years

I don't care, it's called War but I do care about American Troops being beheaded.

And that man wouldn't lie! Those Muslims are as honest as they can be. Which ain't saying much.

Everyone is supposed to believe this anti american (and british) muslim?

PROPAGANDA.!War is not nice. People die in wars (children, women, and men). War is not meant for public consumption. War should not be sensationalized by the media or politicians. War is Hell. What happens there stays there. There is no such thing as a "civil" war.

these people are killing eachother and our military, i don't believe a word of what this guy has to say.

Probably initiation marks from when he joined his jidhadist clan.

First they need to settle the debt they owe us. These barbarians want their freedom courtesy of the U.S. and it's allies and then they try to shake us down with bs accusations. I think not, time for these cockroaches to pay up!

eyes plugging perhaps??

Anybody who doubts that things like this happen has no idea what really goes on in war on either side. It's always been there and it always will be. You may think that our side is right and just in what we do or how we do it but so do they.

Should have stayed in his own mother-land.

Yeah and so what!

They're so in the media stone age ! Taped decapitations, stoned women,body's dragged through streets ! I'm sure they witnessed it during peace times if they ever experienced that ? It's just a matter of getting caught or doing something Stupid like taking Photo's uuugghhh uhghhu !

Lies and mopre lies !As a father of a son I can see the pain the Iraqi father has experienced.  I would feel pain too if it happened to my son.  But as a person, I have no sympathy.  For war is war, and people die inhumanely.  Your son's agenda was what killed him.

I am sure his son was totally innocent in all this, yeah right!!!

so the islamists can rape, torture, beat and publically executed theifs, but if there is so much as a chance that a Soldier did this (to a war criminal), then its unnacceptable. Sounds to me like this guy is trying to benefit off the death of his son.

I find what the father has chosen to wear quite interesting.  He and his son had nothing to do with terrorists, I'm sure.  I'm waiting to hear why his son was at the scene of the battle -- just happened to be passing by?  His wounds sound consistent with combat.  I don't doubt, living in Iraq, that his father is quite expert at the difference between combat injuries and marks of torture.  If someone was shot in the neck, it's quite possible to have other marks (lividity) on the neck and for the jaw to have broken.  If he had been shot by soldiers after torture, I think he would have had a bullet wound in the head.  I'm sorry he lost his son, many people in this country have also lost their sons to these terrorists.  Many have given up their lives to try and bring peace to a region whose whole religion is based on killing.

Leave it to the despicable POS dirt bag editors and writers of Reuters to report this but fail to mention what the Islamics do on a daily basis to their neighbors and any one else who do not believe in their (pig-feces Prophet Mohammad inspired laden) cause.While I do not advocate torture or killings, we are in a state of war with the Islamofascists who control vast areas in the Middle East. Nothing else matters except to make sure each and every one of them are granted their wish: seeing Allah as soon as possible and under the most painful of circumstances - - so long as they die. I could care less how that happens.Such is the will of Allah and the Great Prophet. Praise them and their holy names!!!!!!!!!!!

so terrorist blow you up and behead you and thats ok..#$%$...

who cares.  dirty muslim probably did it to his son himself

"Kill Anything That Moves" tells the story. Yeah, a different war and different players but the same story. The Brits have a long history of brutal Imperialism and they love hitch hiking now on America's.

SO ITS WAR

Lies,Lies, Lies. Any body do any background checks on these people. I would not believe any one of them.More liberal media #$%$. Obama is killing our young men everyday in Kabul, but liberal media #$%$ are ok with that.

Those wounds were self inflicted in the name of Alah the great almighty. And his pedoprophet Mu-flem-amedPlus he saved money by switching to geico,  and didnt waste any into buying a suicide vest(financing options for those are scary,  like 89%) bank doesn't think they would pay it off on. Time

but the Iraqie oil was taken back for the three biggest oil companies in the world which was bushes goal

what about every u.s. or allied nation service member captured alive during the war?  did this father protest against his home nation for the torture and murder of them.

Wow. Someone has some splainin to do.

Bunch of people who attacked the allied troops, now looking for a quick buck. Chances are Iraqi police or Sadam loyalists did it. This is like they lady on tv swearing her son was a good boy and never did wrong, after he gets arrested for doing something blatantly illegal or gets shot by the cops after pointing a gun at them.  These Iraqis should be payed NOTHING, and maybe even sent back in body bags. Most of them are third world savages.

The idea that your people are correct, your governments are right, your soldiers are humane, is as foolish as an extremist muslim or any other's belief that only his religion is right and everyone is wrong. Question everything. Doubt everyone. Everyone is capable of war crimes. Everyone has a hidden devil inside.Assuming your soldiers are saints just because they are from your country, just because they are from the western world is stupid. If that was the case then the US wouldn't have commited "Mi Lai" m#$%$acre. US, British soldiers wouldn't have committed crimes against humanity in post WWII Germany.Take your head out of your #$%$. If you support stand for freedom, democracy, human rights then you WILL have to be unbiased.

Sounds like a case of "he hit me back first"

None of it is OK. It's not OK when they do it and neither is it OK when we do it. War turns us all into damn savages by it's very nature. I pray for the day our troops are home. So many young lives changed forever and I just hope that the ones who make it home can salvage a life for themselves, after what they've seen.

Boo ****ing hoo!Slam kasi hast

This is one reason why americans are hated in the world.

Islam, a people of peace?

couple Thou iraqi soldiers were buried alive by bulldozers operating under stormin norman SSchwarz kopf.retreating troops and Civlians were burned alive on the highway 80 of deathover 100 THOUSAND IRAQI CIVILIANS are dead.   used as collateral for OILhussein and staff executedcheney rumsfeld SScwarz kopf frankie buschnblairesip mint julipsby the Seeif they had won.  we would be the ones on trialSearch:U.S. Gave Green Light for Iraq to Invade Kuwait  Free RepublicWikipedia april glaspieU.S. Ambassador Glaspie:"We have no opinion on your Arab-Arab conflicts, such as your dispute with Kuwait. Secretary (of State James) Baker has directed me to emphasize the instruction, first given to Iraq in the 1960's that the Kuwait issue is not associated with America."Operation Desert Slaughter [Operation Desert Storm - 1991]Search:  Wikipedia CIA – Osama bin Laden controversyThe Muslim Terrorist Apparatus was Created by US Intelligence as a Geopolitical WeaponThe US-Al Qaeda Alliance: Bosnia, Kosovo and Now LibyaSearch Youtube:Road of Death in IraqThe Highway of DeathHighway of deathCollateral Murder - Wikileaks - Iraqiraq war: us soldier throws his medals and stars!!! and quitsWikiLeaks Iraq War Logs: Torture, civilian death toll revealed in latest leakIraq Bars Blackwater Over Civilian DeathsWikiLeaks shows reporter killings in Iraq - RT 100406WikiLeaks' Collateral Murder: U.S. Soldier Ethan McCordiraq invasion by the u.s.Iraq - Oh What a Beautiful WarLifting the Hood - IraqWhat Really Goes On In Iraq - Iraq Veterans Against The WarA Torturer's Tale - IraqSaddam Hussein Sentenced to Death By HangingSaddam Hussien ExecutionBeautiful Iraq before the WarThe People of Iraq (the original version)Iraqi widow loses her American husband.Operation Iraqi Freedom The Beautiful People GraphicOperation Iraqi Freedom The Beautiful People GraphicBush jokes about 2800 US deathsAngry Iraqi throws shoes at President Bush in BaghdadGeorge W Bush gives one finger salute

War is hell!  Remember that saying.  Things happen that shouldn't or wouldn't if people just treated each other as humans.  I hope God has mercy on us all.

So who the *%$#** cares !

Amazingly, I read an article about people of good nature turn evil when givin power over another people. It is in our nature to abuse and humiliate another human being for the sake of one's own. Imainge a world where everyone owned a gun. Will there be any war or murder or robbery?

The father lied more than once. That is enough to question anything else out of his mouth as being the "truth."

Did he take photos?  What physical proof does he have.  Yet the Muslims do worse to their own and to others.   REMEMBER 9/11 and other Muslim bombings/autrocities around the world.  Haven't read of Hindus, Budhists, Christians, etc., acting like they do, yet the Progressive Liberal News Media reports how peace loving the Muslim religion is, even though the Koran instructs the destruction of all INFIDELS, non-muslims.

The psychopaths play.If it works for the USA government its either a psychopath or mentally damaged cretin, nothing in between.This is simply a man who's lost his son. That simple. You don't know he's a terrorist or of any relation. Get off his #$%$ and give the man respect. He's got more balls then any person talking #$%$ on this Just to follow what everyone else is doing. Get a better life please. If any of you lost children in the same manner as he I'd hope you'd do no less. Being American shouldn't be talking objective #$%$ upon something you know nothing about.

We sure liberated the hell out of Iraq didn't we. Still amazed that 30% of Americans think invading Iraq to liberate them ( we changed the plot since the whole WMD thing didn't work out) was worth the 2 trillion it cost. We created another safe haven for terrorists, created another ally for Iran, 70% of people killed were civilians, skyrocketed the cost of oil. Is there a single person in America that still thinks this was a bargain?

British government  have no value for Arab's  life. They do not thing Arab are human. They have had  practice for many years by their soldiers or by their puppet governments

Those responsible killing innocent people MUST be hanged. L0L

Betcha' none of this would be going on if they had just paid off the families of the "victims".  Would have been much less that the 16 million pounds it has cost to date.

the atrocities by all soldiers in this illegal invasion/occupation, against women babies and children will be dealt with by almighty god who will judge them for even entering this atrocious invasion which so many innocents were murdered by GIs. they had a conscientious choice to make for themselves and they chose wrong to enter into this one man tyrannical atrocity(BUSH N CO.). these people will also be judged accordingly and suffer the same horrible deaths that so many in iraq did cuz he had no right bringing alqueda over to iraq to begin with. just one of numerous cover ups by his -bushes propaganda machine that ran and still runs to this day. cant wait till the day of judgement they get what coming to them all that participated in this evil egomaniacal driven catastrophe(again bush). his vane illiterate comprehension of our country ruined us for eight yrs and counting. itll be a couple centuries before america comes out of this mess bush n co. made for the taxpayers of USA!! SHAME ON ALL OF THEM FOR THE EVILS THEY PERPETRATED ON INNOCENT SOULS. THE TIME IS NEAR FOR THEM TO PAY THE ULTIMATE COST, GOD IS AT THE DOORSTEPS

if it was a woman, they'd be all over it

No, honest guv, he never knew no terrorists. He was a nice boy and a promising footballer and the best of his class. Now about that compensation..................

He is just after the compensation.

In the Middle East they know of and use Toys R Us, but laugh when I tell them in UK we have Claims R Us... But now they are learning how to make a few Bob by joining the Compensation culture band wagon...Even a dim squadie isnt going to cut off a nose or pluck out at eye, IT SHOWS.BOAD of LOLLOCKSRevoke his Visa

Maybe Tony  Blair will be prosecuted after all.He deserves everything he gets the treacherous, patronizing, liar. He has betrayed our country to enrich himself and his family. The man has no shame, no guilt, no morals.  Jail with hard labour for him.

do one mizal you arrogant slob!!.

They can murder us, but we can't touch them!

Pre-hearing phase costs £16 million . Trial and hearing cost ?( " Allah only knows ")You could keep a lot of Brit pensioners warm in winter for that kind of moneyBut I expect the cash goes to a good cause-  Lefty the Lawyer

#$%$ he's just after the cash

F  cuk me  the mussies will still use their block votes to elect New Labour. Carry on up the kyber boys  and show em what's under your kilts

Take it up with Tony I'm sure he'll be interested

These people were involved in the battle of Danny Boy, a battle in which the out numbered British Soldiers had to fix bayonets and fight for their lives.  I am fed up of British Based Lawyers bringing people like this over for claims that should never be considered, also make sure he and the rest of his ilk go back to Iraq and dont end up asking for asylumn whilst here.

And the photographic evidence of this is where exactly?Oh I see, there isn't any eh?  ...  how convenient is that then !!Criminals in the British High command must be put before a firing squad. They are not fit to lead any military having gone to war duped by Blair, His Party and his advisors.

if an iraqi told me grass was green, I WOULD GO OUT AND CHECK, as they are the most untrustworthy people in the world!!! and lie as a matter of course, I think they have and a level in their school curriculum at telling lies

BIG DEAL!! What about those psycho Normans out there who are too happy to inflict physical as well as psychological torture to our Brits working out there to improve their lives? No thoughts then??? well, it work both ways!

I personally dont give a #$%$ about what this man says, ive learned along time ago, everyone is innocent according to their parents, even the ones with guns and bombs in their hands

We invaded Iraq under false pretences, we brutalised the people even more than they had been under Saddam and we've departed leaving a devastated country in the hands of criminals.  Many of our soldiers behaved honourably but we should not turn a blind eye to the crimes committed by some of our armed forces.

my opinion is so what  war is shi*y

Oh No dear,dear we would never do that not  cricket old chap, no harm of tying a native to a cannon and firing it (old trick we used in India and Afghanistan) but to torture never.

Amazing how people when faced with war crimes committed by their own troops turn a blind eye to it, and use other peoples crimes to paper over their own !

Bloody Sunday. Derry.  Chav amateur killers. Nuff said.

I can see the £ signs in his eyes !!!!! Fecking backward Muslim!!!Where are the photos?

the elderly father-of-17 arrived carrying a framed photograph of the mansion he wished the U.K taxpayers to purchase for him and his brood along with a copy of auto trader with a circled picture of a BMW

brother, you will get your justice, we all will insh'Allah. it is time for full transparency and the perpetrators of these crimes to be brought from the shadows and punished.

The UK now has the most violent killing record in the world, only second to USA. Blaming it on terrorist doesn't work. It's invading countries for oil that caused it all. I just pity the non-aggressive and intelligent people of these two countries. The rest are jut full of hatred and bigotry

most people on here think it's ok for british soldiers to do this kind of thing, as long as it's "johnny foreigner they ruddy deserve a bloody nose by jingo" trust me, these are'nt the sons, brothers, husbands etc, they seem when at home, they can and do become very nasty when caught in the moment, they do stuff they would'nt dream of at home.