This is a great place to vacation to. The mountains, the air are just wonderful, the people are friendly to. I'm so sorry for the people that lost their homes.

Took the family to that area for a vacation last year, it was my first time up there and I was very impressed.  Beautiful mountains, good food and friendly people we will definitely be back in the future.  Our hearts go out to those who lost their cabins, hope they are able to rebuild soon.

So sad.  This is such a beautiful place.  I am always in awe of the beauty of the mountains in North Carolina and Tennessee.  We have taken many vacations in Pigeon Forge and loved every minute of it.  So sorry for the people that lost their homes and the landscape.

I grew up in East Tennessee, not too far from Pigeon Forge.  I used to visit when Dollywood was still Silver Dollar City.  My thoughts and prayers to everyone affected....

HOT TUB, HOT TUB, HOT TUB!Set off the fire.Does anyone bother to READ??

This goes to show that mother nature is more powerful than whatever we can throw ar her.

story without guns or gays...what is this??

A hot tub in an un-occupied cabin.Too cheap to shut of the fire?What's wrong with this picture?

That's GOD'S RAIN UP THERE IN THE SMOKEY MOUNTAINS OF TN

I guess they didn't care enough about those cabins to clear out the brush and overgrowth.What did they think was going to happen when there is a fire in that.looking at the picture...well duh..Lightening started wildfires are a natural occurance.  If you build in the woods, like our ancestors, you need to keep a "swept yard" around the house.  Greenpeace &amp; other "nature" preservation groups would object because you would be cutting moe trees than they would like, but it would keep your family safer&gt;

I own a cabin in the Smoky's so I feel for these property owners as well as all the tourist who will visit the Smoky Mountains this summer. Thankful the Smoky's has MANY beautiful places to still visit. Our prayers will be with the cabin owners. Thankful no one was hurt.

Sorry to hear about this fire, the Smokies are a magical place. I am suprised that there aren any comments from wackos saying it was God's will and they hoped the whole state would burn. I saw dozens of comments like that when Yahoo reported on last week's wildfire near Fort Collins, CO. Glad I don't see those comments here.

most of the cabins are owned by out of state investors, and are rented out by the day or week etc to vacationers... no one uaually lives in these cabins yr round... alot of the nicer ones go for 350.00 per day to as much as 1500.00 per day, or more... cabin rentals are all over sevier county, p.forge, wears valley, gatlinburg, etc...

I just got back from there Mar. 12th.

This is awful. Such good memories at the Smoky Mountains. Such a beautiful, peaceful place

IF you ever was to go to the smoky mountains you would love it thats all my family talk about we love the cabins it make us feel like home we pray for the owners rebuild soon because we plan on coming again soon

the dimocraps can pass a law against wild fires...that should do it...

My heart goes out to those affected by the fire. However, I smell an arsonist is on the loose for sure.

So the Smokies were really smoky, I love the area and visit several times a year.Most of the people around Serverville and Pigeon Forge are not at all well off, I pray for their situations.  God bless them...

I consider this place my home, my heart sank when I saw the devastation but I know that this community will come together because that’s what kind of people live here we take care of our own. We are unique breed we always come back on top.

Mother nature decided to help out this time.

The Smoky Mountains are one of America's most beautiful sites and vacation spots.  In the fall, the colors of the forestry takes your breath away.  It's a feast of beauty for the eyes.  Durango, Colorado is also one of our country's most beautiful areas.  Golden Aspen trees cover the mountains before winter covers them with it's blankets of snow.  A sight to behold.  Take the Polar Express during Christmas, up the mountains, sip hot chocolate or wonderful steaming coffee on the way, enchanting.

As noted, the area is indeed beautiful.  Unfortunately the traffic, the tourists, the tourist "attractions," the predatory inhabitants and the generally reactionary bent of the "community" make it a whole lot less beautiful.

I use to live in E Tenn.... went to the mountains  on the week end on my Bike...got chased by rain several times....u dont wt to get caught in one of those E.Tennessee rains on a motorcycle.u will get very wet..... Now I live  in SOUTH TEXAS where the only warter I see if from the Shower....Miss those rainie days....... Remember the Alamo......

Old Willie: Ignorant Americans: Deliverance filmed in Georgia, not Tennessee.

Too bad it did not burn down all the dumpy hotels in the area.

What started the fire?

Super rich living on top of poor people. That is what this place is!look at the street view on google maps of black bear cub way in sevierville...I'm not sure that's a place I would have been comfortable staying anyway..those cabins were literally built around the mountain ..on stilts!

ban all hot tubs

This is really too Bad.  Guess a developer found  a cheaper way to clear the Land.  Forrest Fires wet winter for TN.  Something fishie' in the Smokies?

So surprised about fire there.  I grew up in east TN.  Usually fires occurred in fall when it was dry.  Are they in a drought?

My son was married there last year. This is a beautiful area.  I really loved these cabins and was planning to return.  Good bless those who lost their homes.

Refer to a political opponent as "That One".

houses on stilt's..........oh, nothing wrong could happen there!

Is this why they call them the "Smoky" Mountains?

Just go to google map and look at this place.  It's just a big old fuse made of big log cabins, propane tanks and vehicles snaking up the mountain (or hill whatever) just waiting for some fire to touch it all off.

was there 3 weeks ago, talk about a tourist trap, and bring lots of cash it was pretty exspensive even in the off season. furthermore the jacuzzi was messed up before we used it, so dont be blaming me if thats where the fire started... just saying, is it to late to get a refund...Who cares as long as the fire don't spread to Gatlinburg!!!!!

baby bear to momma bear .momma i smell smoke, momma back no you dont go back to bed pappa bear : what month is it momma bear its march go back to bed, baby bear still smells smoke get up goes out side sees flames goes back in yells FIRE momma bear pappa bear and baby bear run to safety, pappa bear to baby bear only you can prevent forrest fires, so he grows up and takes smokie the bears place (he's retired) now little smokie tells these ignorant #$%$ humans to quit leaving appliances on , to stop playing with matches, and only build fires in approved locations and stop throwing cigeretts out you car windows, #$%$

should let it burn , might kill the bedbugs there

They don't call 'em the Smokey mountains for nothing.

If Pigeon Forge were a cruise line it would be Carnival Cruise Line.According to the Pigeon Forge Planning Department the subdivision of the fire area was approved under the planning district extending beyond city limits. Those subdivision rules required fire hydrants being serviced by 6 inch water lines. The division of the property into small lots and the subsequent building foot print were also granted.Codes allowed, or did not apply to restrict, highly flammable building materials, building so close to one another, and a lack of sprinkler systems inside cabins and covering areas of high fire risk such as decks and porches.It is not clear from the Pigeon Forge Planning Department who foots the bill for all the costs associated with managing and fighting this fire outside the city limits.

Vacationed there less than a year ago...Hope it goes out quick. ??????BBQ????????Just sayin............