Most tensions in Lebanon are caused by Muslim clerics who escalate any incident to blame other clerics on the other side, this is a story of 3 gangsters who don't represent any religion committing a crime against Sunni clerics, Sunnis go out and accuse Shi'ites only to spread hatred after Shi'ites clerics condemn the act and made it clear these guys don't belong to the two dominant Shi'ites Amal or Hezbollah groups, the tensions have been very high between the two faiths due to the presence of Wahhabi and Salafi fighters/terrorists in the Sunni north Lebanon fleeing Syria and preparing to take on their enemy Shi'ites Hezbollah fighters and turn Lebanon into an Islamic Sharia law state the same way they're fighting the non Sunni enemies Assad and his supporters the Alawites, Christians and other faiths.

I'm a Lebanese Christian born and raised in the United States; my parents immigrated here in 1989 penniless and have managed to work their way up. I've heard plenty of war stories from them, and they truly are terrifying. However, as war looms on the horizon for Lebanon, the people I feel bad for the most aren't my parents, nor my aunts, uncles, or grandparents. I feel really bad for my 8 year old cousin, my 15 year cousin, and all those children that will have their innocence and childhoods robbed from them. At the end of the day, it doesn't matter who starts it or what they're fighting about, innocent lives are being lost and for what, the same s**t that they've been fighting about for the last 2 thousand years?? Its time for this foolishness to end.

the spiral of chaos and destruction continues, the west does not have to worry about confronting Islam, it will self destruct.

I prefer the US stay on the side and don't meddle. Let these people settle their differences.

So far no US forces keep it that way.

I wonder what would happen if Syria fired a flare over Lebanon?

Another slaughter - muslim on muslim.  US needs to STAY OUT OF THIS #$%$.  If they want to continue to kill each other, let them have at it.

The once peaceful, and beautiful country of Lebanon, destroyed by who? The religion of peace. The people really who will suffer are the Lebanese Christians. Am I biased a bit? Yep! Why? Because no one in the "religion of peace" have bothered to disarm the thugs called Hezbollah who are causing the problems in the country.

these freeking moooslems are sick

Let the Muslim clerics show the Islamic world how to bravely face martyrdom.muslim clerics are nothing more than war mongers!!!

Keep killing each other.

Q: who wins when muslim clerics are assaulted?A: we all do

Give every muslim in the middle east small arms and let them just kill each other off. boom, problem solved.

Dreaming of an all-out sunni-shia war.

Muslims only know how to blow things up, kill people, and treat women horribly all behind the excuse they are doing it for their fake prophet.  Time to abandon this cult that doesn't work.

Shia against Sunni, Iraq, Pakistan, Bahrain now Lebanon. What's next?

I hate to say this, but nothing every goes well when Arabs get out from under autocratic rule and enjoy freedom. They always ending up fighting with each other, and over religion no less. It seems that they can only get along under forced rule.

Muslims will never settle their differences peacefully. It is the religion of hatred towards all including other Muslims sects,tribes, and clans.These people are just plain nuts. You can not reason with them and you can not talk to them. The US needs to stay out of this fight!

muslims killing muslims; problem??This is the part where the USA closes it's wallet and silently sneaks away. It's a Jerry Springer show over there.

This is an example of how the peace-loving and tolerant followers of Islam are busy practicing their faith.

Can't get their hands on a Jew or Christian? The wrong type of Muslim will do.

Monty Pythons Flying Circus and the search for the Holy Grail continues.

message to Washington:DON'T GET INVOLVED!

Jews and Christians used to live in Lebanon. When they ran away from Islamic prosecution, Muslims started killing each other. True story.

Sons of Ismael will NEVER be content.

Three cheers for Islam..hip hip hooray..hip hip hooray...hip hip, hooray! Religion of peace for sure.

Seriously, how do they know whom to kill? There's a reference to turbans in the article; do the two sects dress differently?

Keep our troops, money and arms out of there. So far, every conflict this administration has gotten involved in has backfired big time.This is a story? Try going into the wrong neighborhood in Detroit, Chicago or LA and the same thing will happen.

A couple of clerics are assaulted and the country reels from side to side in agony and distress. This is the terrible situation Lebanon is facing now. Unfortunately, many believe repartitioning the area along sectarian lines is the only way out. Israel is the prime example.

Holy Shytite Batman !

ME people are the craziest..sob's in the world.  It's not about being right, it's about winning the argument.

I pray for all the Christian who have to live around this turmoil.

You know that whole region is a problem.  Lets build a giant wall around the Islamic world.  Make it a 1000 feet tall and very solid.  Then fill it with water....

NO FOOD..................................................................................................................

Further evidence that these monkeys can't even get along with each other. What makes any reasonable person think they'll achieve peace with Israel or the West?

The religion of peace is the near enemy by themselves hoping the far enemy the west will stay out of it so in the process those who wish us (US) harm will be eliminated. Case in point Benghazi attack.

They are all nuts ,I tell you! How do people who hate each other so much can have any love or compassion for any outsider? Now you can see why no sane Country can trust any of these people!Wait until Syria falls ....Iran Encore!and the beat goes on.....

Where there are muslims there is violence.

is this carnage the muslim paradise they speak of????

Lebanon was once considered the "jewel" of the Middle East.  Until the Syrians, Palestinians and Druze Muzlims ruined it.

It sounds like the thugs that did the beatings were arrested... so what the #$%$ are they rioting about?  Probably cuz they'll riot for just about anything... religion of peace, you know!

Does Allah love Mohammedans killing Mohammedans?

and isreal watches and laughs, appears irans losing alot of friendly neighbors

Their pervert terrorist prophet demands blood to flow and he don't mind if it is the blood of his follower or the blood of the infidel, this is the standing order of the prophet,  "....Kill those who join other gods with Allah wherever you find them; besiege them, seize them, lay in wait for them with every kind of ambush...."(Sura 9:5). "When you encounter the unbelievers, strike off their heads, until ye have made a great slaughter among them...."(Sura 47:4).

I am rooting for both sides and pray both of them battle a long war and perish!

US stay out of this! Time to let the herds be culled.Must be tough being a muslim !!  No beer or booze, no hot chicks, no touchie/feelie, the chicks wear masks, no porn shops or pole dancing !!  Sure don't want to be no muslim !!!!!!!!

What is that their black pen?  God save people in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ Amen...

Religion of Peace!Stay the hell out, US. They'll all destroy each other eventually.

The sunnis should not take this shi'ite!

If the hate among Muslims to eachother in the ME could be bottled up, it would equate multiple WMD's.

hezbollah.....is a nasty social virus.....lebanon could be a paradise had syria not used the lebanese and the muslims not driven out and dominated many christians who long ago left. hezbollah is a major obstacle for a lebanese rejuvination

The ME has been at war with each other since the beginning of time and no outsider is going to stop that.  Sadam Hussein, a murderous dictator, was able to provide some level of stability to his country and the ME, although through undesireable means as measured by the West.

Abdul walks into a Burger King and asks the clerk for two Whoppers, the clerk replies "Mohammed was not a blood thirsty pedophile &amp; Islam is a relgion of Peace"

Just think how bad it would be if Islam was not a peaceful religion

You can take the Monkey out of the Jungle, BUT you can't take the Jungle out of the Monkey...  What a peaceful religion...Israel is preparing the ground for an invasion of Lebanon.

Mohammed must be very happy at the present time...The killing is escalating..That puts a smile on most Islamic faces !!!

To all you F/k king moooooooooooo rons who don't see what is happening here get ready for a bumpy ride.

Muslims killing Muslims is a win-win situation for the civilized world.

Civil war in Lebanon would be good for the rest of the world, muslims killing muslims, priceless.

Outsiders can easily cause this type of chaos to divide.

Wow such a nice place. Makes me want to run out to nearest mosque and change my religion.

GOOD! Glad the old sheetheads got their pillow sitting behinds beat!

Islamic clerics as opposed to any other religion, are the most perverse, violent, intolerant, irrational and discriminatory people. These RATS incite the masses of brainless Muslims to commit all kinds of atrocities including to their own people. A massive conversion of Muslims to Christianity is necessary to stop global Islamic madness and violence.

RELIGION...is pure EVIL and a WMD..!Read history.! In UK, Christians fought due to their differences - Catholcis &amp; Protestants..!In Middle East Countries and Pakistan, the Muslims are fighting - Sunni &amp; Shia..difference.!Yet both fanatics claim..their RELIGION is PEACE..!! All Religions should be exterminated and all Religious heads should be executed..!!The Sooner the Sunnis and #$%$ have all out war in the middle east and kill each other off the better off man kind will be.

Let these people Kill each Other..they have Been Doing this for Over 2000 years...

Whats happening in Lebanon is a spill over of the new world order bent on remapping the Middle East into ethnic enclaves..the #$%$ Arabs have fell for it, off course

have no worries America.  muslims wouldn't harm other muslims.  its the law of the Koran.  this is obviously the fault of the crusaders.

never trust anyone who does not eat pork.

I am sure the clerics were zionist agents

Muslim on muslim violence in the middle east is as bad as black on black violence in US big cities!

This is Syria's and Lebanon's Sunni and Shia way of welcoming Obama to the middle east.

Frack them all !!!!!! who gives a shi!

The U.S. really needs to stay out of fights between these Crazy Camels.  Let them kill each other off.  One less KumRag Sand Neegmoe about with which the world must worry.Americans remain ignorant of whats going on in the Middle East and there perception remains limited to good guy, bad guy..for example few know that the biggest political block in the Lebanese parliament is christian and that this boc is has been allied with Hizbullah

The split is a legacy of the nearly three decades when Damascus all but ruledLebanon, until 2005. This statement by the writer is completely wrong . Syriaand Lebanon was one country at one time, and families have been split betweenthese countries. The History between them goes hundreds if not 2 thousandsyears back. So it is not just about Syria's control of Lebanon after that LebaneseCivil WAR. By the way , it was Syria that was able to stop it . Do you think Qatarand Saudi Arabia or Turkey will send their troops to Syria to stop this civil war ?

Beating up #$%$ clerics serves no purpose i think sunnis need a education any way

I got a special place for all Clerics, Priests and Rabai...man oh man this religion BS getting all of us sick. Leave us alone

The Shi'ites hit the fan!

The bloodsucking Iranian SHIIA long beards are behind all these genocides and massacres in Syria and now they are expanding into Lebanon with their Hizbalsheitan puppets !!!!!!!!!FREE SURIANUKE IRAN !

Americans wake up and do your own research on whats going on in the M.E. as this has been affecting you, your kids and your economy directly and will do so in the future..

The majority of Christians in Lebanon support the real Muslims and not the IRANIAN SHIIA DOG occupiers and their Hizbalsheitan terrorists !!!سوريا الحرة

THEY SHOULD ABOLISH ISLAM

Is there ever a day in the islamic world where it is peaceful? Good grief.proof positive of what the cause of Lebanon's problems are - Muslims that can't get along.They blame Israel and use that as a justification to keep Hezzbollah armed but the real reason for those arms is to subjugate their fellow Muslims.

Good thing Islam is the Religion of Peace other wise somebody might get hurt.

Lebanese patriots need to man up and rise against the terrorists of the south and eradicate them, if they ever want to live in peace and have a real government.

looks like the turd eaters are turning on themselves.

Horrible journalism!  Rather than factually stating that thousands of Hezbollah soldiers are fighting in Syria, the author simply states that one side claims this &amp; the other denies it.  It is no secret just because the Hezbollah PR team likes to play with words.

The biggest Lebanese parliament bloc, which is also Christian, the Free Patriotic movement is allied with Hizbullah, Syria/Iran..The Christians in Syria are standing with the Syrian government against the rebells..

THIS is not like the socalled race hatred in the USA but people of the same race like in IRELAND where the paople are the same or SAMOLIA where the people also are the same what i am trying to say is why are so many people getting killed over which GOD or WHICH ISLAMIC ALLAH they worship this is not how religious people should act i have found out the best way to lose a friend is to talk about religion not the color of there skin.

god, i hate religon.

And let's not forget the self-dealing, back-stabbing, Christian and Druze communities in Lebanon that incredibly think that Israel is to blame for everything.  It's going to be a WWF cage match with six contestants in the cage.  I got my money on the Sunnis.

Filthy Iranian Shiia dogs stirring up trouble in Lebanon !!! These Shiia idolaters and their Hizbalsheitan mercenaries need to be wiped out !!!!!سوريا الحرةThese GENOCIDAL Hizbalshietan puppets have killed over 110000 innocent Muslim in Syria and now they are starting the genocide in Lebanon !!!!سوريا الحرة

islamic ideology is based upon an intense hatred of the non-muslim. 90%-95% of all the conflicts on this planet today involve muslims fighting non-muslims or each other.

i support killing any muslim, cleric or the one that call themselves "community orginizers" like the ones from Chicago that have destroyed America.

What...

Rev 7:14-1714 I answered, "Sir, you know." And he said, "These are they who have come out of the great tribulation; they have washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb.15 Therefore, "they are before the throne of God and serve him day and night in his temple; and he who sits on the throne will spread his tent over them.16 Never again will they hunger; never again will they thirst. The sun will not beat upon them, nor any scorching heat.17 For the Lamb at the center of the throne will be their shepherd; he will lead them to springs of living water. And God will wipe away every tear from their eyes."NIV

And you think evil will not go out to destroy evil????

lets start to blame Israel

This what I love about Muslims, they don't discriminate. Everyone  and anyone would do to murder, even their selves! Geez....

Let them kill each other, all they want.

It seems that Islam is really self-consumming--they hate each other almost as much as they hate the Jews--and maybe more.No rikee to lead about such viorence and hatled. Prease as John rennon say Give Peace a Chance!

90% of ALL Christians (Maronites, Catholics, Protestants) in Lebanon support the FREEDOM FIGHTERS in Syria and hate the GENOCIDAL IRANIAN SHIIA DOG Hizbalsheitan occupiers !!!Only the dirty Armenians support the IRANIAN SHIIA DOG occupiers !!!سوريا الحرة

who cares they needed their #$%$ beat

The same ignorant people who bash Islam are probably the same ignorant people who lost their homes in the financial crisis... Under educated and overly stimulated with media garage.

Wow. Such hatred and stupidity on some of these posts. Unfortunately many in the middle east still think power grows from the barrel of a gun.  Their only political solutions are to crush their opponents with violence. God help us all. I am no religious nut but it seems Armageddon is around the corner.

#$%$ animals will never know peace

Shia Muslim, Sunni Muslim = Hate each other = God really messed up somewhere when sending his last and final "word of god". LOLGod is not real stupid humans

Associated Press, U Wrote That They Burned All The Garbage There! Let MeMake Sure I Understand U Correctly, There's No Muslims in Lebanon Anymore!

Why arabs are so stupid that they allow US &amp; Israel to devide them easily?

Abdul walks into a Burger King and asks the clerk for two Whoppers, the clerk replies "Mohammed was not a blood thirsty pedophile &amp; Islam is a relgion of Peace"Buzzy, 3 mins agoNice outfit !  Did the pope and his child rapist priests made you change your life style since you were on of their victim ! Hip.. Hip horray ! Lolololo f freakTo those if you hate Islam or any other religion, big suck bubbas cook . Lol

This is a plus for both the US and Israel. Israel can now just sit and relax while Hezbollah self-destruct. War and post-war business for US companies. Sorry for the Russians, they are again in the sideline, they are not as creative as the west.

You know that whole region is a problem. Lets build a giant wall around the Islamic world. Make it a 1000 feet tall and very solid. Then fill it with water....Palpatine, 6 mins agoBut can your wife stand staying away from theme middle eastern huge cooks ? Maybe you the one can't stand it ! Lolo

Early in 2007 Seymour Hersh in his report "The Redirection" published in the New Yorker that the US, Israel, Saudi Arabia and others were gathering, funding, arming, and deploying a front of violent sectarian extremists, many with ties to Al Qaeda, to undermine, destabilize, and eventually lead to the overthrow of the governments of Lebanon, Syria, and Iran. The violent campaign was rolled out publicly in the wake of a similarly premeditated geopolitical ploy, the so-called "Arab Spring,"

You know that whole region is a problem. Lets build a giant wall around the Islamic world. Make it a 1000 feet tall and very solid. Then fill it with water....Palpatine, 9 mins agoAs long as they can fill up your wife c(unt) first ! Lolo

THEY SHOULD ABOLISH ISLAMHOWARD, 3 mins agoAs long as there are f(ags) , lesbos and porn Islam will remain to stay 2 billions strong, mf ! Loll

To those if you haters, suck my cook !! Lol

never trust anyone who does not eat pork.stu nod, 56 mins agoJews don't eat pork ! Every body trust your wife ! Lolo

Three cheers for Islam..hip hip hooray..hip hip hooray...hip hip, hooray! Religion of peace for sure.Jeffrey, 14 mins agoMy best regards to your catholic pope and his child rapist preists ! Hitler the catholic gazed 6000.000 millions Jews! Hip.. Hip  horray!! Lol

Lol! Kill the dirty Sunni's! All of them.