Makes sense, I can agree with that.

Good.

Fair, sensible, and ultimately money-saving: if DNA testing is part of EVERY capital trial, one legal loophole closes; one excuse for prolonged appeals vanishes; and the innocent can be vindicated in a timely fashion.

Good, this for once would be a good law, so once we execute someone we can make sure it's the right person. This should not hold up the line.

About time.

It's hard to believe this hasn't been the law for at least 20 years.

Just one more way to make sure they have the right criminal before sending him off to be executed.

This is a VERY GOOD IDEA !

YES!!!

Everyone should follow Texas' example.Yup, can't believe this isn't already enforced.

I would have assumed this was Already a requirement...geesh

DNA doesnt lie like a prisoner.

Brilliant, life protector, saves a lot of money. Can't think of a downside..

Sounds fair enough, even though innocent people being executed "by accident" is extremely rare.

Good idea but lets keep that line moving!

This is something ALL states should have in place...and it should have been put in place when DNA testing became reliable evidence to convict someone.  If its evidence heavily relied on to convict someone than it has to work both ways and be relied on to exonerate someone.  There have been entirely too many instances of people losing decades of their life for crimes they didn't commit...and just because there's no proof out there that an innocent person has been executed doesn't mean it hasn't happened.

Good

it's shocking when they do the right thing.

He doesnt believe that Texas has executed innocent people?  The guy needs a knock to the head.  Not a deadly one mind you.  But the PROVEN cases?  Is he for real?Death row is fair to the extent that ONLY hard evidence (no less than DNA, video, or pics) has led to the conviction. Short of that, every person is only an opinion (biased or otherwise) away from the lethal injection.

Maybe it's time for Texas to release all the information on the dozens of innocent people they've already killed.

I really want to be hopeful, but this is texASS and I expect this bill to die.It would be nice, however, to see this state FINALLY attempt to do the right thing.....Texas, which has become quite notorious for its high rates of wrongful convictions: since 1994, Texas has released at least thirty-nine innocent people who had collectively served over 500 years in prison for crimes they did not commit.

Abbott said he did not believe Texas has executed any innocent people, noting that the state has an exhaustive process in place to ensure that doesn't happen.It would be WONDERFUL if they were forced to implement the same "exhaustive process" for ALL cases, regardless of what the charges or penalties would be. Too bad we have a justice system in this country that ALLOWS corruption at EVERY level resulting in cops who lie under oath, prosecutors who withhold evidence, defense attorneys who KNOWINGLY defend a guilty person through lies and half-truths. To tell you the truth, I don't trust a single one of them - cops, prosecutors, defense attorneys, clerks, judges - they're ALL a bunch of criminals looking out for THEIR best interests on the wallets of the average citizens...

ellis should be removed from office.  there are laws in place he is just trying to prevent executions, he is a tree hugger liberal piece of trash

I don't suppose he has read any of the news on Yahoo about DNA lab techs across the country rubber stamping guilty reports on evidence they never tested.  Ooops, back to the drawing board.

Since so many forensic people in Texas have been framing people, why should it makea difference?

Yeah, that would be a good idea. Why wasn't it already being employed? Oh wait, it is Texas, things seem to be a bit slower and dumber in them parts.

I can't believe the state of Texas would hamstring itself by having to prove guilt before executing people. Really?

Abbott is an idiot for not believing that Texas has executed numerous innocent people. Cameron Todd Willingham was an obviously innocent man that was executed.all states with death penalty should do thid.  it is shocking that texas would comeup with this progressive idea

who is paying for the testing? if the test proves guilt, than it comes out of the defenses lawyer fees

It's about time that the scarecrow got a brain. Unfortunately there ARE a lot of innocent people currently in jail and there are those who have been put to death only to be found not guilty by evidence that was surpressed or by DNA testing that was not available at the time. I'm not against the death penalty at all. There are plenty that I'd like to see fry. I just don't want any doubt lingering in my mind that we might be killing an innocent person.

Free all African Americans from Texas jails NOW

But there could be innocent people in prison.

I am against this bill. Please if it is needed  it will be done. Otherwise it is too costly.

Sounds like an innocent person got whacked in Texas.

daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.........o.

I find myself on the fence when it comes to capital punishment. Some people really ask for it, like someone who kills children, for example. Remember the furor over the little girl in Florida, Jessica Lumsford? Or Scott Pedersen in California? Ted Bundy? John Wayne Gacy? Yet I also remember my mother wearing a medallion that said, "Why do we kill people who kill people to show that killing people is wrong?" Either side of the debate swings some weight. So I believe that if the people of a state vote to enact capital punishment, or to keep it, a law like this they are proposing in Texas should be mandatory in all states, and in the Federal system as well.

Just execute them !!!Billy BobI really dont disagree, but I want all the Dems to realize that that means an victoms will have to go thru the process if they want to or not. Then  Dems will just open the next loop-hole of no DNA, no CONVICTION in a jail time offense. Think ahead people.

Only God can make the decision. The death penalty is morally wrong.