I really don't feel the need to have strawberries in January.We know darn well that food coming thousands of miles is coated, sprayed anddipped in something because WE won't settle for anything less that perfect.We're doing it to ourselves by being so demanding.Shop local, eat what's in season, support your own community.

Dec, Jan and Feb are not from CA, they grow most and the best ones. You have fumigated soil if you buy the regular berries, if you buy organic, then they do not use the methyl bromide of iodide(even worse than the bromide). Organic is the way to go, or local farmer markets if at all possible.

If they will  throw pigs in their own rivers, I don't see them having a problem putting deadly chemicals/toxins in anything they export.  Don't buy anything from China!

any food product from china is tainted. the entire country is one big industrial sewer,and their air is like a poisoned fog........

"Chinese made products are killing Vietnam's economy and Vietnam could become China's economic slave."  The U.S. could learn something here.

All I can say is buy American!

Our children have much to worry about with the lead paint and cadmium in some metals in toys.  China is having problems telling people that they are solving their own pollution issues and in the areas away from the big cities, pesticides are used in great quantities.  Just look at the thousands of pigs found in Shanghai's water supply.  China is developing fast, and polluting itself worst that anything in U.S. history.

From what I see 'anti-Chinese sentiment' is growing Worldwide.

China's food products have been so well documented to be toxic. Consumers should be wise not to buy any China's food, but it seems like a lot of people still buying them.

Okay so i can only buy fruit from brazil,chile etc , but american grapes are sent overseas whats up with that ?

Let put it this way. I don't buy anything labeled as "Made-in-China" or the Chinese new label as "Product of PRC" meaning People's Republic of China.Why is everything about China just garbage?  Why does everything from China kill people?  What a sdrawkcab country...  Totally backwards.  We should boycott Chinese-made stuff and bring manufacturing back home, where regulations and (hopefully) simply desire to protect one another protect against this type of abuse.Hopefully we're not killing ourselves with too many pesticides here, too...

if it's about china,it's about FAKE GOODS,DEADLY FOODS,PIRATED ITEMS and IDIOT CITIZENS!

"There are no grounds for people to panic." I wouldn't buy that.

At least, they stand up to the Chinese cheap and poisonous products while the rest of the "super power" countries like our self still consuming the same cheap and poisonous products without complaining...Shame on us!

China may be a communist country, but when big government is in control, they are all the same. Some are just better at the smoke and mirrors game.

If it can be put in my mouth you can bet your last dollar I will not buy it if it came from China...

If we had talked trade in the 60's, who knows, the brave people who died, wounded, and lives ruined might have taken a different historical turn! Trade makes the world turn--not war! (By the way--yes, I'm a vet from then).

Given the pollution levels of air, water and earth in China, buying any footstuff from there is at best foolish and at worst dangerous.

I go out of my way so as not to buy Chinese products. There is too much in the news about food and goods with high levels of dangerous chemicals. If for no other reason that they steal our intellectual property we should avoid their products. Add to that the health caveats you have to be crazy not to try to avoid anything from China.

why aren't Americans exporting our own product to Vietnam, our grapes are rotting because they believe them to be Chinese product not from the US.  China already 'avoids' a great deal of costs when they do business with us and we are a nation of unbelievable debt but they are suppose to be smarter than we are by reselling product they don't pay taxes and tariffs on because of them becoming well known for shady and unethical business practices.Vietnam, you are always welcomed to buy our produce :-) Our farmers appreciate it!

China made all the iPhone, None of them is going to Viet Nam.

Me no likee your foot.

There ya go, quit buying those cheap Chinese made products, they will - make you sick, kill you, blow up in your face, fall apart ... take your pick

China will conquer or kill the world with its inferior products.  lead filled toys, poisoned sheet rock and tainted foods are just a few tools of their attempt to control the wolrd

When you lay down with dogs you get fleas!

China is ONE BIG CESSPOOL - Toxic as Hell and they worry ?     #$%$ ?No Problem just send it to America - they buy anything !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I'm not giving up raspberry pie for any reason, and here in Thailand the only raspberries on sale are from China.

Is it still considered a "fear" and not "fact" that you shouldn't trust Chinese produce?  You think all of those pigs in the rivers just went to drinking water?

The Winds Of War..."Chinese made products are killing Vietnam's economy and Vietnam could become China's economic slave," he said. "I want to lend a hand in preventing this."-- Smart people, nipping it in the bud. Sadly, being China's slave has already befallen the US...

Chinese People are educating themselves on the internet about what their corrupt  government leaders have allowed to happen to their food chain..... it won't be long before there is a new spring revolution in China, and they get rid of these corrupt tyrants!

Any country would be smart to keep the Chinese goods out.  There is no benefit in trading with China.

It's wonderful that China is producing such an abundance of food that it can export it to all the world. Sad that you can't eat it. Can't even use it for fertilizer. It's kinda like radiation. It contaminates everything around it.

I find this story amusing..asian country against asian..but historically they have slaughtered each other in far larger numbers than western countries could ever do.

Phque China's government

Chinese made products are killing the American economy.

China doesn't care.They know that people are still going to buy their products because that's where everything is produced.

I purchased some fish at Albertsons a while back, from China, packaged as white fish. The package had a small orange decal strip covering up the true name of the fish. It was a fish that is illigal to sell in China as it has a very high parafin wax in the fish meat. I think the name of the fish was Escala or something like that, you were only supposed to eat a small amount daily as it would give you the runs.

It's not just the Vietnamese that are worried. A lot of Chinese living in America are scared of all the toxic chemicals, heavy metals and dangerous pesticides in food products from the PRC. Daily photos of Chinese choking on fetid air, babies dying from melamine contaminated milk, and bright red polluted rivers only add to the perception the food will kill you or cause cancer. Hope Premier Li gets those environmental remediation and anti-corruption programs going soon.It's a known fact that the Chinese farmers spray formaldehyde on their vegetables to keep them fresh..

If made in China.... and its your food.... better think twice??

American strawberries are available from Florida, so why do I see nothing but imports from Chile.

Avoid Aftermarket AutoParts Made in China like a Plague !!   Chinese may be pseudo- masters of reverse engineering, but they do not carry any remarkable quality forward into the copied products...

Who can blame them? The Chinese don't hesitate to use lead paint on toys and add melamine to milk to skew test results. Why should anyone trust their food exports. It's just a gian t third world #$%$ hole with lots of guns and no morals. Lying, deception and cheating have been a part of the Chinese culture for centuries.

...countries around the world are starting to think twice..about any food from China.....American people need to heed that same second look....

no brainer... where do the farmers get the water to water their fruits and vegetables?From those polluted, toxic rivers that factories have dumped all sorts of cancer causing chemicals.......

So if the rumor was about the quality of Chinese produce,why did his remaining ten crates of American grapes go unsold?Again with the #$%$ writing,Yahoo!

Take a look at China and Southeast Asia sanitation, and you would never eat anything from that area.  Buy American small farmers products, they will be safer.

They will just ship it to the USA.F China

I did not know the chinese allowed gay people.

There has been bad blood there since Ho said no to Mao's Moo Goo Gai Pan.

Remember, profit is king (almost a god) in china.

Damn, even the Vietnamese is smarter than American since we are still buying those made in China.

we put China in the driver's seat (enriching their coffers) every time we purchase any of their inferior products only because we believe they are real cheap and we are saving....

Is any of this Chinese food imported into the US? I sure hoe not. Our own food is bad enough.

The China junk is even flooding into the Caribbean islands, local businesses are being taken over and re-stocked with junk because the local leaders are letting it happen.China junk is everywhere not just Wal Mart.

"The Chinese are wicked, and their goods should be banned," said Xuan, who was sitting in front a stall selling tiny oranges from Southern Vietnam. "They are dangerous."Even the viets know not to buy Chinese #$%$, Buy made in America and demand it from the stores..

I never buy produce from Mexico, there too much heavy metals in the soil there. Argentina, Chile are good, they have nearly identical safe food laws that America does.China sold itself out to make as much money as fast as it could and it's about to have to pay the price.

Hahaha even Vietnamese know stuff made in China is #$%$.

I quit buying Market Day stuff after seeing that the asparagus was a product of China. Don't need it that bad.

We don't buy anything from china which is good for our economy!!!!

I've always said this.  China does not care about hman life.  They will kill their own if they can make a dollar.  I would NEVER eat anything from that country...Look at the drywall fiasco in Florida a few years back.  Whatever China manufactures (s)ucks and is most likely a danger to someone. I don't trust those people as far as I can spit.

Watch your pensions . Don't end up like Cypress or Argentina .  Askenazi banker take downs.  Forget about the Ashkenazi gangster US media. USA has no media. That ended with Ted Turner. Soon perhaps USA will be like England. Rothchilds owned.  Disarmed and conquered . If Feinstein and Jack Jack Lew USA treasury have their way.

I don't eat anything from China.

obama should take notes from the vietnamese

I love Chinese restaurants.....but I never buy any type of Chinise, Viet Nam or Indonesia food (fruit, fish, canned preservatives,nuts, vegetables, etc) UNLESS THEY ARE MADE AND PACKAGED IN THE USA.

I eat nothing from China and I watch very carefully where anything plastic is made.  Made in China stays behind.  Let them use their stuff and let them die from itGROW HEALTHY RELIABLE FOOD...... and the world will want to purchase, and consume it........ not so in China

If you value your life, or your families life don't eat from countries that don't care about polluting their own enviorment with toxins like China..... and to think their own people are forced to eat it??

Why can't we follow Vietnamese example of not patronizing  toxic and hazardous fruits and vegetables from China? Ours is supposed to be fertile and agricultural land which can produce anything ( Agri-product) under the sun? Government should help the farmers and the agricultural sectors to become self sufficient and can deliver all the food that we need.

The Chinese have no standards for anything they export. I try to avoid their junk, but it isn't easy. But 6,000 dead pigs in the river that supplies water to Shanghai? I ain't goin' there.

china trying to poison another country, what else is new.

I don't eat anything imported from Asia.

So this is the news story that's getting the BBC blocked here. I turn on BBC and see a test pattern. I've been wondering what was up. I live here. We don't buy anything from China. At the market, carrots that look nice are Chinese. We buy the ugly ones grown here. Smart people here don't buy any Chinese cr-p. We know what the Chinese are doing to fruits and Vegetables.

I wonder if the rich in China buy stuff made there or they prefer foreign goods.

Well,well.so it turns out the People's Republic isn't such a good Big Brother after all.

"It's all about how they can sell more newspapers. Nowadays if you write an article about Chinese products, you immediately get millions of hits online,"is talking about vietnam or the u.s.LOL...................CHINA.................the PACIFIC rim going down the toilet.........

america is more ''safe'' than other places in the world .

produced in america....

made in america.......

Chinese products killing the economy in

They wanted a communist government, and they got one. Be careful what you wish for. They have a lot of oil off shore but china will never let them have it. There is a very high price for defeating America. They could have had a partner, but they now have a master.

But they will eat dogs who lick their butts all day long...

Any food items grown in Mexico and China should rot on the shelves unless you want to get sick

eat less &amp; stay healthy!

drywall sold in florida contaminated with mold. Baby formula tainted, babies die.  Pet food riddled with poisonous toxins, pets die. Vendors on the street selling carboard as pork...is there any reason why anyone should trust anything that comes fromt his country?we, just as in vietnam, can't grow fruits??? is it really the price that is causing us to not produce??? i find it hard to believe.

I just started noticing how much canned fish, major brands, comes from China. Scary. I'm always looking at labels now.  And if all that is listed is a packing source, I don't buy it, either.

That Funny and NOT Ha, Ha Funny, wise man say, He who f up get what comes around ?so how do You like it, now  - China ?  Ha, Ha thats funny ?

From what I've read, grapes are the most contaminated fruit in America because of all the spraying they require.  I love white grapes but only buy them on occasion now.

"Chinese made products are killing Vietnam's economy and Vietnam could become China's economic slave," he said. "I want to lend a hand in preventing this."  Sound familiar?

All chinese products are bad for people. BAN all chinese imports !

1950`s reporting, one day Communism will take over the Free World and without firing a single shot!People might want to research history`s, facts against today`s productions and they are coming true!Have to wonder what the Chinese peasant`s are getting to eat!

In the 1980s, the corporations moved the jobs to Japan. Now they moved the jobs to China. But the Chinese are demanding more wages, so the corporations are going to have to find a new source of cheap labor...ie. Vietnam, India, etc. Pretty soon we'll be boycotting them as well.

goes to show that it's just not the US who is complaining about their stuff being made in their own country...

In China the food is poision only because their land is but a toxic soup..... so anything they grow should be suspect of it is most likely having full of toxins.... you can't even trust their pet food because of many pets dying from it here in America.China, Karma can a real 8itch:O)Right back at you, baby:O)

ipad are made in china

I, love Chinese food...... egg roll, fried rice.... from America only please!

I know what to do,send fruits to Loas and repack before sending to Vietnam.

All kinds of Chinese foods excluding no one contained too much preservatives like Melamine etc. and food colorings that made these items highly toxic.  Even toys and apparel for that matter also contained toxic substances.  In short, anything made in China should be banned for human consumption and use.

We can't get American grapes in America !

So they don't like Chinese gays in Vietnam......lmao.

What original products have the Chinese came up with beside firecrackers’?They produce inferior products that they copied from other countries and sell them at rock bottom prices and ruining the economy of others countries.

what the green industry doesn't seem to concept is that by disembowling the US economy with irresposnible fiscal and domestic policies the Obama admininstration is logarithmically improving the Chineese industrial opportunity to destroy, not only itself, but the world as a whole.. They are doing irreversible damage in the name of progress, and are able to do it  so much easier without any competitive pressures.  Toxic measurements in grapes are obvious, but so much more is hidden during the production process of hardgoods products

So I guess Walmart's not real popular in Viet Nam.Fruit grown in Thailand is excellent. If more farmers could rely on other countries to buy Thai you would see Thailand become a major friut producer. Their grapes are huge and sweet.

800 pig carcasses floating in a Chinese river used for drinking water as well as watering fruits and vegetables. No thank you.

Well, there was a pig carcass in my last cluster of Chinese grapes, so

I wouldn't eat anything from China for any reason!  Remember the melamine they put in baby formula?  Well, in China when they want to save one penny a pound, they would substitute rat poison and ship it to the US or anywhere else without any concern for the health of consumers.  The Chinese are built differently, caring about money only.  Bravo to Vietnam....

who would know the chinese any better than some one who lived right next door to them.

Don't buy ANYTHING Chinese. If a country as large as ours stopped buying anything from China, they would lose their shirts. It would not hurt any of us to not buy Chinese for 1 week and see what happens. Don't buy any food from China anyway, there is plenty food from elsewhere. America first of course.

In China they import "Tyson chickens" from America which is not the healthiest.... however in China its considered a safe source of food for them because its from the USA

If only the NVA had realized this about 54 years ago....***SIGH***......

Chinese manufacturers do not operate with similar rules as the western world..Polution,, Employee safety,,Unfair labor practices,,Quality assurance.. Etc. Etc.Glenn S.

China has a history of turning a blind eye on consumer safety.  The list is long of products that were/are produced in China...  that KILLED consumers.  And let's not overlook China's aggressive pricing structure for their exports or their military hacking into US computer systems.  this country is very dangerous.  They are NOT our friend.  They are out to dominate the world and the USA ANY WAY THEY CAN.        BUY AMERICAN PRODUCTS.And only to know that most of the Food we find in target, walmart and Aldis come from China.

I think it might be wise to not buy MIC. MIUSA is what America needs to get back on track economically and solve joblessness at the same time.

I wouldn't buy anything from China

The irony is that all of you are typing the "don't buy made in China" posts on computers/tablets/etc. that were made in China.

They disparage each other's products, but there doesn't appear to be any resentment.Next sentence:"The Chinese are wicked, and their goods should be banned," said Xuan, who was sitting in front a stall selling tiny oranges from Southern Vietnam.Great continuity in the article.

The #$%$ try to poison the slopes. The most vicious people on the face of the Earth, #$%$.

Either Yahoo's comment section is wholly made up of red blooded patriots or youre all lying to yourself when you jump on the "buy American" bandwagon. If youre going to preach it then do it! Dont fill up an internet comment section with your false patriotism when you drive a foreign car. It always bugs me when people spout off good virtues but statistics say they dont follow them.

Our governemnt also lets goons put chemicals and steroids into our meat and produce. All for increased profits.

Quote "More than 1,000 years of occupation".Vietnam was a penal colony of China for over 1,000 years.

We in the good ol' States could learn something from the Vietnamese: Chinese imports are hurting our economy too. Buy American when possible, do without if the only option is Chinese products. Wean yourself off of Dollar Store merchandise. Uncle Samuel isn't doing much to help us get more of our manufacturing jobs back, so it is up to us consumers to (literally) put our money where our mouth is whenever possible.The Chinese people are awesome. Communism still sucks balls, though.

Eh, they told me that eating this stuff would kill me in 10 years. That was 50 years ago. Today, I was told I looked half my true age. What's the secret? II told them it was the preservatives, but just between us, ya just gotta know where to find the "Reset" button!

We're all eating, drinking and breathing poison.  It's just a matter of degree.

I don't trust anything made in China and only buy American - If I can't find it, I make it myself

I long ago realized that you must assume anything edible that comes from China contains serious poison. But just what do I see on the shelves comes from China and not? Meanwhile, food in the US is laden with GM, pesticides, hormones, the air is saturated with gunk and the water supply adulterated with rat poison. My health was going down the tubes along with my kidneys when I finally gave up and moved to southeast asia 8 years ago. My health recovered 80% within a year, 100% in three years. Borneo could be my next stop.

The Vietnamese are smarter than many Americans. Do no buy any chinese product if at all possible, and absolutely no food or pet food.

Global economy -- global competitiveness will benefit consumers all over the world.  China has to follow this rule of economics.  America can grow all kinds of fruits and can guarantee their quality and reputation for exporting...Buy American products for your money's worth.

Check the vacuum packed tilapia and other cheap products at your grocery store and see that they are from China.  Google tilapia in China and see what they are used for.  If you want to eat the fish that they use to clean their sewage treatment plants then good for you.  It brings a whole new meaning to the term "organic".  EVERTHING produced in China is either toxic or stolen.

Thank god they are #$%$ at chna and not us.

what the up side with trade with china?WE could of won the Viet Nam War in 1969 -- If we would of just sent them Poisoned Grapes

Hey Vietnam the Ashkenazi gangsters bankers and media want you to take a loans . For more wars . Lovely is it not ?

Conservative radio hosts in the U.S. often gripe about the EPA and other federal agencies. We should be glad that we have some regulation. Just look at what happens when you rely on big business to regulate itself.

58,0000 drafted young American soldiers died in Nam for this?  Iraq and Afghanistan is slowly turning out to be another Vietnam. Americans dying for nothing.  Plus all the trillions spent in each "war".

On food the "made in china" is a warning label. It means ..." This food may be contaminated by any bacteria or poison know to man."

No wonder lots of weird sickness were coming from China. disgusting....

we got some fruit to trade with them, in the flavor of Jane Fonda.

hmmm, you wouldn't have read this type of article back in my day of the 60's! hanoi and bejing were tight as a new born a**hole!

BOYCOT CHINA!!!   Don't buy "made in China" #$%$!!

China is poisoning the whole world now, bring back the goods and manufacturing to a country that does care!!! At current state not talking about America!!Lesson: never say NEVER.

I was eating dried squid in Vietnqam. t was so good that I asked where the squid came from. She said China. It was so good that we ate the entire amount my wife purchased. And yes when rumors fly, I heard all the people talking about boycotting China, LMAO, Vietnamese oranges will never tate like American oranges, It has to do with type of soil, weather conditions, water conditions, quality of harvest, etc.

Ask those china officials or wealthy people if they dare to eat pork from their china-grown pigs. The pigs were fed with all chemicals that are deteriorating heaths maybe even give you cancer and die. Anyone could raise the same question for all other products.

China is not what we think, the truth of what and how they do it, is coming to light. i never thought much of any country who turned to communism to solve their problems as a answer.

" Jack Nguyen had sold 20 of his 30 containers of imported American grapes when fresh rumors hit the Internet and state-run media: "   I  thought it's winter now in America....I think Jack is lying.......

It would appear that the Vietnamese are smarter than the Americans.

America.. are we hear it now..?

No better than new delli river - sewer and they drink it everyday - so ?who is civilized Now ?

how does anyone really know anything anymore with all the  lies floating around out there? from what I  read, we havea whole generation raised on ''chemicals'  is now the generation of illogical, self destructive, self righteous,self involved, uneducated, fools who are ruining the planet.and does anyone expect anything to get any better?this generation may be the first one to eliminate itself through mass starvation due to the total ruination of water and soil and seeds and pollinating insects, leaving us to eat and drink poision, in a post apocaliptic world,  from the war on greed.you know, one has to wonder what the world would be like without money....

You cant say 'Buy American' anymore.......everything american is made in china! tell your local politician thank you for f...ing america! 'personal gain' is the only thing important in our government, well that and sending as many american jobs to china as they can! 'PG' people.....Personal Gain!sorry to say, but this is the same for US meat products overseas.

How could they tell the fruit is tainted with chemicals, isn't it a way of life after we dumped all that Agent Orange on them.

stop buying chinese goods.

The U.S. should sink the chinese navy now. It would be quite easy.They have been asking for it for a long time. All S.E.A. nations would be glad of it.

Vice should do a documentary of how China steals trade and technology from first world countries.

they are smarter than the average american shopper, usa only looks at price

Betcha they miss us now.......

very funny! It sound almost like Vietnam produce is any better! LOL

I thought this was another gay article!

eat chinese food and die earlyIt takes more time to check labels, however, it is worth the time to check labels for anything made in China.  STAY WITH AMERICAN MADE.

If you want to be healthy then do not eat any foods , fruits imported from China.PERIOD.

If China and America decided to flex one anothers muscles at each other even though China has us on shear size we have them on a few fronts. First being they are tied to us heavily when it comes to finances and if we decide to not only stop the bill payments every month but reclaim even 50% of our manufacturing jobs that are currently done by low wage Chinese slaves their economy would collapse within a year and our economy would explode again. If you cannot safely feed and employee your workers then you have a serious issue. Now America can safely feed its people but we obviously cannot gainfully employee our works because we want everyone to go to college and earn a degree and then when they are heavily indebt we tell them there still is no job for them because now they have the education but no experience and a country who produces nothing has nothing. If we cannot manufacture and produce things to sell to other nations and for use ourselves we are trouble, thats why China is doing so well they are able to produce things now and have something to export which thanks to corporate greed we no longer have.

The american pet food companys may be poisoning our pets again with chinese trype ingredience once again !   They got by with it once before!

Vietnam got in bed with China during their war to go commie, be careful who you sleep with.

BAN everything made in China. End of the story. I love my produce from California, Chile and Mexico.

Don't mess with Texas and Vietnam.

"Death by China"It's coming, the death.

Many years ago, I picked up a can of cherries that was from China out of a dollar store. The can and label looked pretty bad; but I was hungry and in search of a bargain.  There was a lot more juice than cherries.  The cherries were really small.  I'm still here.  But, I am wondering if I'll get cancer.  Anyway, my friends and I got a good laugh just looking at the can.

China is trying to poison the world. Other countries boycott China exports, why can't the U.S. Or maybe the U.S.doesn't care about its citizens like China doesn't care about theirs. Time for our politicians to put their foot down in regards to China exports.I like Chinese food. Particularly the ribs, pork fried rice and wonton soup.

It seems about every Chinese import had something mixed in it that is normally banned in US manufactured goods. But we import it anyways

"It's all about how they can sell more newspapers. Nowadays if you write an article about Chinese products, you immediately get millions of hits online... " BINGO!  Actually, you could substitute "products" for almost anything else and the anti-Chinese fervor rises... Western-media is keenly aware of this.  If it's not China, it's gun-control, Kim Kardashain or something else... it's about readership and profits.

No fruits for Vietnamese.

Same people who dump dead diseased pigs into water supplies. Factories dump chemicals into streams and rivers and have no pollution control on the smoke stacks pumping toxic waste into the air. The jet stream brings it to us and here we have a President who will NOT allow a single coal fired energy plant to be built for fear of pollution. We are forced to drive midget cars and pay thru the nose for high priced environmental altered gas while the Chinese go rampant

At last! Yahoo publishes a well written and well edited AP article! Congratulations, CHRIS BRUMMITT!

i can't believe that the Chinese would ever sell stuff that wasn't safe. you can totally trust a communist authoritarian regime. what harm have they ever done?

Yet we were supposed to sign the Kyoto protocol which would have let China keep polluting but make us stop!  Our country (the SA) is run by idiots but that's because most of my fellow citizens are idiots.

If it comes from China -- DO NOT put it into your mouth !!

An effective FDA ( Food &amp; drug administration would be quite OK)...Too much bad stuff is exported from China..Glenn S.Kind of makes me wonder how the USA will deal with China.  The current policy of lay down and hold your breath isn't going to work for long.

Organic or nothing.

Anybody eats anything from china will shorten their lives and damaging their healths severely, period! It's more than the truth. Even in US they found hamburger meat was made of cardboard mixed with meat. They are now importing tons of pork meat from US because even their people don't dare to eat the meat produced by their land. They kill anyone they can as long as they are making tons of money. Evil-minded!

Not just in Vietnam, here in the USA, Chinese perfidy find fertile soil in which to grow also.

they are horrible

Ask a lot of questions in the grocery store and you do your homework to confirm food is raised and grown in the US.  A lot of seafood comes from China and is even labeled with words to make it sound fresh caught when in fact it's farm raised under poor conditions.  The regulations are different when compared to the US this is one of the reasons it's cheap.  I think it was Mississippi or Alabama fish farmers that protested and the result was inspections for fish imports resulting in 50% inspected product returned to China.  It was found the conditions of the fish were poor: overcrowding, ponds next to waste dumps etc.  You generally get what you pay for....  Save some jobs and eat better quality fish, buy American or at least from confirmed good sources.

Most Vietnamese only make $100 to $150 per month, but they rather spent little extra for Vietnamese made or much more for anything that made in the USA. I'm a Vietnamese born American and I know the Vietnamese never like anything from China because they're cheap made and dangerous. Here in America, we are the most powerful, richest and produce the best food in the world but just about anything here are made in China. Let's keep our economy growing by making our products at home, let's spend a little more for it but more people will have jobs, the  money will stay here and we live proud to be an American.

Americans love to see people fight among each other so they can always sell weapons to one side.

Imagine that, bad Chinese goods!

#$%$ you chinese!!!american stores should but nothing from china or other places that have things that kill you or make you sick.....wal-mart  ?

Commies having selling wars ?.....Let them eat cake......

Good decision, Vietnam!  The US and the rest of the world should follow suit and stop buying made-in-china!

Wal Mart used to be about "Made in the USA" now everything is from China or made by exploiting non union workers. Buy American.

We all say we try to by American but when you go shopping what happens, you can't find American products. When we go to Wally World and buy a cheap shirt we wear it a couple of times get sick of it and go back and buy another cheap shirt made in China or Viet Nam. This is what people in this country want, cheap #$%$ so we can just buy more.

I hear that you can buy canned ham pretty cheap now in China.  The packing plants just has to wait for a pig to float by on the river.

We need "No China Shop" in the USA!

Don't know why they would be buying from China anyway. China has made no secret to the fact that they intend to reclaim Chinese territories in the near future. Vietnam is considered by China to be one of those territories.

Better check where your frozen fish is coming from in the supermarkets, majority is from China-no thanks!!

The Chinese are filthy. Don't buy any products from China. They have poisoned baby food, pet food,made contaminated dry wall, made faulty dangerous car tires, made lead painted children's toys, made contaminated jewelery, the list goes on and on. And they use night fertilizer,( human feces) on the food they grow. When will the U.S. people wise up and stop buying their unsafe products?Dat's wat Wang say--guess that's the Wing and Wang of it.

Why would anyone buy food from China????

Outside of the poisons... the ground / water pollution alone in China should be enough to keep people from consuming everything coming from China!

Those little nards sure did like the AK47s from China! Filthier growing of veggies, fruits, fish and just about everything else can't be as bad `nam's. Let `em starve!

I truly fear the day that the Chinese call in the debt owed to them by the American government. We will have dead hogs in the Mississippi river and we will be wearing the grey jumpsuits while we stand in the food lines.

America has poisioned Vietnam with "Agent Orange" many of our American Soliders died from it..... and many "Vietnamese People" continue to die from it..... their land in Vietnam will be contaminated for many years, or even possibly forever??

Like other neighboring countries, Vietnamese hate the Chinese anyway. They fought a war over two islands that belonged to Vietnam. Also the Chinese have illegally occupied alot of Vietnamese territory.

not to worry  fruits being shipped to u.s markits

Maybe China will implode itself soon. Hopfully real soon

Just don't let that chinese fruit come over here. I do not buy ANY food produced in China.when are people going to WAKE UP and STOP DEALING WITH THE CHINESE all together? they have screwed this country over and over and over and what does our joke of a government do? PACK THERE POCKETS WITH COLD CASH FROM THE COMMUNIST CHINESE! who cares if people die and lose THOUSANDS OF JOBS as long as the greedy shitbags running whats left of this country get rich from the chinese, millions of people pay with there livelyhood and in some cases LIVES for a few greedy shitbags can count there money! when are people in this country stop this raping of America? when its to late? well people we are borderline 'to late' right now!

It is not realistic not to buy stuffs from China, just practice not to buy their stuff if you can afford it. I've been trying very hard for last 2 years but sometimes I have no choices especially computer and food wares stuffs.  I am proud to  have not buy any but American made tools. Most of the times I have to scout the Craiglist to buy used tools but they are sure worth it.

no more chinese food for me

Vietnamese women are beautiful.

Damn! Are you telling me that I cant order dog meat in a Vietnam Chinese Restaurant?

If they want to see contaminated get on a Carnival Cruise Ship.

If you want to live then burn China to the ground.

#$%$ dont eat fruit they eat fish heads and rice balls

It's hard to tell where stuff is coming from.  I check my dog's food after the melamine poisoning and most of the time it will say "distributed by" and name a US company.  Distributed does not mean manufactured, and I'm afraid it is made in China.  I think if the parts for something are made in China but it is put together in the US they can call it Made in America.

Chinesse better whatch out , Hanoi might head north and whip their /ar,ses againTable grapes (non-winery) grapes are the best grown in California.  We've been shipping grapes, peaches, plums and other fruit to Asia for decades.  China wants to compete, but doesn't know how to grow.

If china fell into the sea tommorrow it would be doing the world a favor

never buy anything from communist china....the food are fake, the candies are fake....everything is either a fake or copy.......let's just have a world wide boycott against china and see how strong the world's second economy will be......

China has little to no regulations regarding how much manufactures pollute the atmosphere or farming practices using illegal pesticides.

Who would eat Chinese grown fruit and vegetable? Even the Chinese Rich and government officials don't.

Can't blame the Vietnamese consumers. Look what that wicked China did to our pet food industry by selling us tons of ground up melamine and saying it was protein. So many American pets died from kidney failure. We have two pet food manufacturers in my town and one of them very nearly went bankrupt as a result. Large numbers lost their jobs in the melamine backlash. Never trust the Chinese for anything they produce, food or otherwise. Cheating is their best game. Hear that, Wal Mart?

The tainted stuff just doesn't come from China. The US is allowing A LOT OF THINGS TO GO INTO OUR FOOD HERE AND IT'S ALL BECAUSE OF GREED!!! You have no idea what you are buying anymore they cover it up by big long words that most people don't know how to pronounce let alone know what it is!!

Any food from china is unsafe, even they will not eat it, that says it all, DONT BUY CHINESE GOODS PERIOD!

all food stamp purchases should require products to be american

Very honorable.The war in Vietnam was all about Rice and confiscation of Rice farms by the South Vietnamese Government. Now the Communist Government is messing with Food. I guess they failed to study History.MACV Adviser68-70

Is fruit &amp;/or vegetables from China sold in the US? How can I tell?

The risks of getting into ANY perishable item business the world over. ... Weather, strikes or rumors can bring ya down.

"Made in China" is becoming unpopular nowadays!!!

I'd like to see the "No China Shop" open for business in America. Do you think America could come up with a line of clothes ,shoes ,fruit and vegetables not made in China?

nobody and I mean NOBODY likes a chinese fruit

Yes, buy American.

I thought an American soldier was insane when he said this in 1971: I don't know why the Vietnamese people think the Americans are trying to steal their land. It is China that they (the Vietnamese people) should be scared of when it comes to stealing land from Viet nam.

Maybe the Chinese chemicals will counter act our chemicals we dumped on them.  Something like a antidote for Agent Orange, maybe I’ll try eating that fruit.

Pls....stop selling chinese goods b4 its to late..I wont even give my dogs a "Made in China" bone!

All those vapor smokeless cigarettes---Most all---made in china. That liquid in that chamber I wouldn't trust inhaling into my lungs. Just what all does it contain?----It's not regulated.

Yahoo! Is just about finished for me as the go to site for news.

...........You fools! Don't you realize what it means if the Chinese remain? Don't you remember your history? The last time the Chinese came, they stayed a thousand years. The French are foreigners. They are weak. Colonialism is dying. The white man is finished in Asia. But if the Chinese stay now, they will never go. As for me, I prefer to sniff French ship for five years than to eat Chinese ship for the rest of my life……....Ho Chi Minh...

so replace Vietnam with US and you get the same story.........

The only problem with Vietnamese food is that its probably laced with Agent Orange

Where was the anti-Chinaman sentiment when China was using the #$%$ to fight the USA?

If you consume any foods came from China, you'll meet your maker (in the most painful way).

Many people do not know that by eating out at many restaurants, especially Chinese Rest., you are eating China imported food.

The world resource are not safe anymore....We will have a big problem if we don't protect the environment on our planet....!!! by khmerVietnam doesn't want Chinese produce because it's unsafe to eat, and Cambodia doesn't want Vietnamese produce for the same reason.  I think this whole global economy thing just aint working out.

How ironic that Vietnam is turning out to be a US ally.  I hope they reject the communist ideals for which so many Vietnamese have died.

stop buying chinese fruit..its poison

so vietnam has figured out it needs to stop buying chinese #$%$ but walmart still hasn't?

Vietnam hates China. FACT

Do not buy any China product and do not eat nay Chinese food

Chinese imports helped to unite the two Vietnams during the Vietnam War. I say you're getting what you asked for back then! Commie utopia!

Vietnamese border offcials take bribes from the Red Commie Chinese just to say the Chinese bad produce are good.  Vietnamese people should not trust what their gov officials are saying.

They sell tainted fruit, and we sell billion dollar airliners that catch on fire. Greed has no boundaries.

In the future, guns, bombs, rockets...will be no longer needed to invade a country...toxic food works way better..slowly but kill them all..#$%$ you, China!"The Chinese are wicked.." That Vietnamese person gets it, when is the rest of the world going to wake up? When it's too late..

If I have options, I don't buy Chinese-made products.

Any1 notices that Target and Walmart selling MADE IN CHINA products?  i decided to avoid shopping there, go to local stores.

Funny, the Chinese Gov. says that our food is just as tainted and bad to their people. Ever wonder if maybe all of this is just propaganda to reinforce your hatred for others and to cement stereotyping that benefits governments while hurting individuals? Eh screw it. USA USA Buy American! China is a slant eyed devil!

@ rocket man I hope you don't own anything from Apple  inc and most all computers have hardware made parts made in them.( memory, DVD/CD drives,mother-boards,screens etc).   Smartphones, Game systems the like all have something made in China in them Take one apart and look

i even stopped buying dog treats from china...the purina turkey jerky is made from turkey from china..I didn't realize that until a local news report warned against buying the product because it was killing dogs...who would have thought purina would have been made from #$%$ out of china, but on the back of the bag sure enough it said produced in usa with turkey from china...I avoid buying anything from there....it is all pure sh**!!

Anyone who still buys chinese anything deserves to die for being sooo stupid! How many times do you have to see recalled items before you stop buying chinese #$%$?

What's happening in China is actually sort of sad. I live here and can honestly say most Chinese are very nice people. They are, however, getting sucked into the "money is all that matters" mentality that has plagued "capitalist" countries for centuries. It starts at the very top where "Communist" leaders amass fortunes while extolling the virtues of Mao Zedong and it is slowly permeating down to all levels of society. Lying, cheating, stealing or whatever are all pretty much tolerated as long as money is being made. Not sure what alternative is better but from what I've seen capitalism is evil. What's truly ironic is that if one country really needs a "communist" revolution it is China, a country that already claims to be communist!

china is evil their food is no safe to eat no china junk

They made mistake thinking china the only country using pesticides, to be very honest, we US the biggest maker of chemical  from Dow to Monsato and the largest pesticides suppler to all growers in california to floriad. More people died with cancer in the world than in other country. Vietnam case is just like media hog news because of fight each others for the oil island. Without pesticides the world going to starve.it will not be long before china is dead. from destroying all there forest and polution everything.sure they can afford to loose 20-100 million.....i never ever buy food from china...and little else if i can help it

buy cirt organic...boycott china

American grapes? If we have our own grapes, why do we import them from Mexico and other garbage countries into our supermarkets? Why don't we keep them here? I don't want to eat imported food either.

No bullet needed when china can sell your poison fruits, vegetables, toys...killing you slowly, making you a burden to your families, your health care system, and your countries.

I don't trust any of the slant people to act honestly. If they can carve out a few extra dollars by being dishonest, that's what they'll do.

Without the food provided by China during Vietnam War, these worthless people would not have survived American bombing.

they don't eat the products they grow or make for export, they send them all to other countries so as to kill us, our children and babies, and pets.

BEWARE: Chinese 50 Cents Army are people hired by the Chinese Communist Party to infiltrate various Internet forums posting comments favorable to the CCP and chinese people. They are paid 50 Cents USD per post, which considered the origin of the ''50 Cents Army''GOOGLE == ''50 CENTS ARMY'' or ''50 CENTS PARTY'' FOR DETAILS.CHINESE = Lying, stealing, counterfeiting and copying are what they do best.

Anyone who trusts imported Chinese food, even in the US, is not very bright.

In Poland Vietnamese panga is considered harmful (among other things, little girls allegedly grow breasts after eating it). In the US it's sold in health-food stores.Nice article. Almost all fruit sellers here in Vietnam have to disguise their Chinese products as from somewhere else. We don't say all Chinese goods are dangerous or poisonous but many of them are. About 15 years ago, my mom bought some apples from China and placed on the altar to honor ancestors on full-moon day but forgot to put it in refrigerator after that. Guess what? After a week, the apples still look good but inside, they all decayed. From that day, my parents always try to avoid any food from China.

Vietnamese fruit has Agent Orange

how does n.vietnam get the internet on a commodore vic 20... they dont even have a modem, are they importing tapes and playing it in the tape drive

vietnam will be the first to get invaded by china when they get to the part where they are invading other countries to distract from a worsening situation in their own country... now when? ..when? maybe like 4 to 5 years maybe? maybe less....maybe some not so blatant open wars before that but vietnam will get rolled over by them again.

China is PURE EVIL anyway you look at it. And this government still trades and kisses filthy Chinese #$%$. This government is deiberatly puting every American on the way to deadly dieases and early massive deaths. So Big Brother is teamed up with Evil China.

let  the chinese poison the vietnamese and the usa should export NOTHING to viet-nam.

AH, I think this is how Chavez got cancer.

The chinese can shove their tainted products up their peoples collective poop-chutes, sideways.

I am vietnamse, i grew up in my beloved country but i never buy any thing if it is coming china.  China is cheap, and dirty!  Don't be fooled by closed-mind Chineses, folks!  The more you stay away from China, the better your life will be.

Communist China stabbed its allies. Send all the toxic goods and poison toys to this country. They try to kill all of us without wasting a bullet. Our political and business leaders better wake up soon before it too late.CCP is exporting its POLLUTED, POISONED, TOXIC Food Supply to the rest of the WORLD.  Do NOT buy it or you will get CANCER!!!  CCP is PURE EVIL!!!

Send it to America, they will eat anything.

i'm very GLAD that i'm not GOOD FOR NOTHING,,WORTHLESS CHINESE,,these BHUDDHA FACE MONGOLOIDS will cut your life short

It is hard to avoid products from china, food products are to be avoided no ifs ands or buts.

The ugly Chinese is replacing the ugly American.  Fine by me...

smart country.. they been burned by the chinese before, while greedy americans still push there products ... comming to a walmart near you...

And are we better off gobbling up Monsanto's GMO crops and their Bovine growth hormone in milk..........oh, and I forgot our love of corn syrup.

AP American Propaganda is stirring up mud.

I like blueberries when they're in season,and I'll pick them at $6-7 a gallon,and I do love SC grown peaches when in season.

CAPITALISM UNDER A COMMUNIST REGIME!Kudos to the Vietnamese folks for taking a stand and not buying China #$%$.  I am trying to do the same here in the U.S. but it is becoming nearly impossible to find American made products anymore.  Hell, even Craftsman tools are being made in China now.  Shame.  Shame on us for letting this happen.

OK, It time to start your own garden and be a vegetarian. This way you know where it come from and meat product here in the US isnt that save either. Have any one see anything that u use on the dailly basic that made in US lately. Dont think so.

Hey our politicians are no different and want to turn America into China why do you think they are trying to bankrupt us so they can throw out the constitution.Do not and mean it vote these clowns back into office so we can see if democracy is real anymore after all we all realize the news is fake by now and report what their corporate masters allow.

Hey, let's instigate here. Maybe if we get a hot war going we can sell China Napalm. Our boys and girls don't have to die for our corporations to make a buck off of war.

lol, if agent orange didn't get them. Why do you think this will?

How to put preservatives into fresh fruits?  That has to be invented.

The Chinese #$%$ first poisoned babies with ground up melamine in baby milk!  NOW they are trying to poison adults, too!  BEWARE the Yellow Peril!

Chinese-made products killing the economy?  Who could have predicted that??!!

If they have no problem making fake baby powder milk and killed their own babies, why should they care about Vietnamese or Americans?

ok, the key point of this article is "It's all about how they can sell more newspapers", dont let the media fool youIf countries around the world stop buy chinese products, the chinese will be dead in a very short time.

If you want to preserve your good health, do not buy from China.

Is everyone's last name who are Vietnamese, Nguyen?

China has poisoning us for years.

China is poisoning the world.

When did protectionism become a bad thing? These free trade agreements are nothing but handouts to the huge int'l corporations who write them up, and they have decimated small scale farms in every single country which has made these deals.  The result is that all of the world's food production goes to whoever can make the most for the least, regardless of quality, ethics, or chemical enhancement.  Time for all countries to stop free trade and look after their own people's best interests, NO ONE benefits from this new world order except the corporations, who have become larger and wealthier than almost any country.

and finally.. useless baraka OblowMe is getting ready...ready again to go to another weekend golf outting.....

With China's pollution problems, I will not buy any food items from China.

Let Chinese consume their own products. Let them rot from their tainted products.

Look around at all the food we import from China...check your concentrated orange juice containers, last I checked the ones from Safeway were imported from China.  Grow your own people, or get together and have a community garden!China has no sense of quality control.

anti-China can be interpreted as a good sign! just like anti-America all over the world used be. the weaklings are jealous of prosperity and power other nations enjoy!   question is how America declines so fast?

Once good friends but now reluctant enemies. -China and Vietnam.  Once  mortal enemies but now reluctant friends- USA and Vietnam .  Only self-interest is impotant !

In the end Vietnamese, Chinese, and the rest of Asia still hates the Japanese and the US far more for protecting the murderers of WWII just so they can "soft contain" the PRC.

Res Chinese mfs are all spies and thieves!

China's products are really famous these days... from low quality to toxicity.

When you buy a loose orange ,or apple in the store.You don't know what country it came from! There should be a law to let us know where the food we feed our children comes from.

American grapes? They are lucky. Why can't we get those HERE in the United States?  The grapes where I shop are usually imported...from Chile, etc.

I have not yet came a cross anybody that have a positive thing to say about china or their people. Most the news that I read and see,it's all about they make $ regardless what happen to the people as long they make that $.i am always trying not buy anything made in china!

*China is the number one enemy of the World *remember Apple is made in China....just say NO

Beware the Chinese!  They'd eat you for a buck!

It's astonishing the amount of Chinese fruit sold in our stores...none of it is bought by me.

Without China's help!Vietnamese women would be serving US military as prostitutes!China gave vietnam real independence!Unlike the Japanese and South Korean women still serving Americans as prostitutes!

Hey Vietnam!Do you know what sowing discords mean?It means the US is trying to destabilize Asia!You are falling right into their trap! Stupid!

I've spent years in Asia and by far the worst food poisoning I got was twice in China...The kind where you can't get off the floor and just wish to die so you don't have to go through the pain.  I spent six months in India and didn't have anything worse than loose stools a couple evenings.  I don't even  remember getting sick in most of the other countries.

The absence of enforcement of regulations in China are due to the corrupt communists running the country. People are people, they have their share of bad, rotten, unethical, officials too (probably more because there's more of them), and since it's a one party system anybody who questions or scrutinizes what they're doing or not doing disappears in the middle of the night never to be heard from again. The difference between here and there is this, here if one party isn't doing good the other party is voted in, there, no. Sure we read every now and then about party purges and all, but China is run by a massive bureaucracy and politics in the upper echelons of gov't have very little impact at the local level, which is run by a bunch of communists. If I may, "Absolute power corrupts absolutely".

Chinese foods are suspect to all sorts of things, mostly polluted and full of toxins. I don't buy Chinese fruits and veggies period. I try to but local, I use the 100 mile diet. If it does not grow within a 100 miles, i don't but it!

The dumb Vietnamese don't know what is good for them!China is your neighbor!Don't listen to the USA!They are wrecking your economy as planned!

this has been 5 years.  i have not bought anything MADE IN CHINA.China has #$%$ quality products! Beware.

Buy " Made in China" products at 99 cent stores near your house ,please.What do we want them for????Fill our  wast carts up.Ho,ho,ho.

This only  confirms  China's reputation  as  sneaky  and devious.

This article states:  "Cheap Chinese goods dominate markets."  This is only true because of the kinds of attitudes reinforced by articles like this, and clung to by people like those interviewed -- Mostly business people who benefit financially from importing Chinese products. It IS POSSIBLE to completely stop trading with China.  It is possible!  They say that local products can't meet current demand?  We may have some necessary growing pains ahead of us.  The people are ready and willing.  It is the thieving, lying business people who are not willing to change!

No one seems to look at the whole picture anymore.  Just let themselves become robots and believe everything they read.  It's sad how lazy people have become.  People are so stupid.

if you buy chinese fruits and product, it is up to you, i  will not.

Food made in China?  a disaster waiting to happen.  Have you seen the garlic grew in China? they are white, clean and big!. How so?

Anything for profit...china will do it.

In california they use reclaimed sewage water in the fields..now you know why e-coli is a constant threat.

arent they the same people?Chinese Racist Restaurateur...Southern China?

I am an American, and have been to China and have nothing but good things to say about China. Whatever our govements struggle about is their business. The people of China where so nice to me. I went to 2 diffrent provinces, and in both places I got the same warm welcome. To people who say things like "Why are the American so racist and anti-Chinese?", shut up you are the same if not worse than the select few Americans who are to stupid to accept diffrent cultures. These people have no idea about America, as many Americans have no idea about China jsut what they see in the new, and as we all know the news is not the best sorce for reliable information.

I doubt Victor Charlie paid $2.99 a pound like in my grocery store.

If you buy maple syrup from the north eastern US, it may have come from Canada. The US bottles it but the sap actually comes from out of the country. Lots of loopholes that they can get around to make you think you are buying US products.

Has everyone forgot the stories about the dead pis found in the river in China, search it and read it then you will decide how safe is chinese products

Trouble in Uncle Ho's paradise?

Don't know who to trust!!!! What country on this planet is really doing the right thing? Who do you really trust not to poison people or do what is in the best interest for the general human race!!! ??

"A restaurant in Beijing recently put up a sign saying that Vietnamese, Japanese and Filipinos .... and dogs were not welcome."  ??!!I can understand that restaurant owner may not like to the Vietnamese, Japanese and Filipinos because they dispute the Chinese territories' claim, but dogs ???  And then it hits me, ....may be because the dogs eat #$%$....

Please tell Wang, The beijing restaurant owner, that he can have his lousy restaurant and shove it in his a--..  And please stop murdering sharks and stop overfishing which is the other reason why China should not have all those disputed islands. Keep your trash in your own country.

Now this country gets it.china imports are dangerous and deadly.why can't our people and country be as smartAnd we are selling CHINESE FOOD GARBAGE in our stores!!!!!!! Really??????

Did anyone READ this article?? The grapes were imported FROM America, to China. This is America GMO food, grapes with built in pesticides. Creates cancer, our government allows this to be fed to us but most countries have made GMO foods illegal. Not the U.S., because of money.

Associated Press is one of those so called  "sockpuppet" media by our U.S government.

Especially never ever buy canned fish that comes from China! And ,of course many other things!

China is godless. They'll do anything for money/profit.

If a lot of Chinese people say "don't panic" and "our products are safe" I'm going to follow the vietnamese, I will panic, and I will absolutely think chinese products are not safe. EPA doesn't have any reach in China and thats one of the reason things are cheaper  to produce over there.

Chinese people are evil but racism is always unacceptable.

Wait until the Vietnamese find out about American GMOs, with their infertility and organ damage.

apparently the Vietnamese are not aware that our CA produce is also frequently contaminated by unclean farm workers in the fields

I had some apple juice from China it tasted like urine I won't buy anymore food products from China. Uck!stop seeling and buying china made product they poisoning slowly all people in the world.

1018: Days left to sing Auld Lang Syne America

China is going to annex southeast asia countries and taiwan just like a thousand years ago.  Commie leaders in vietnam are young and corrupted and they are cowards who are busy counting loot money.

I want to buy things make in the USA. But I can not find any things truly make in the USA any more. How sad!

humanity needs a culling. Looking forward for these coolies to kill each off.

western media should report that america refused to pay compensation to vietnam who suffered from chemical attack from america. agent orange.contamination affect all things in vietnam food , water,soil and air.

If China buys Japan, Wal-mart will start selling Honda, Toyota, and Nissan off the shelves.

If you want proofs of Chinese goods are full of poisons, just check out the stories of hundred of thousands of pigs dumped in their river right now. Want more proofs!!!?

Chinese food is contaminated?  hahaha.  Nothing new.    No food in China is fit for consumption unless you happen to live in China since you have no choice.I can see what China is doing.   Instead of controlling its neighbor through politics, military or economics, China is doing something new...   China is trying to take over all of Asian by poisoning its enemies.  When their enemies are weak then China will pounce and try to take over.... just like Tibet.Just watch folks.   China has no constraint.  Since China is willing to kill its own people, why would anyone be surprise that China would use this tactic.

The whole entire world should boycott all products from China.  They are killing their own people, therefore they won't care anyone life.  If anyone is buying China products, then you are killing yourself slowly until you die like a cancer cell.same thing happening in Thailand.  fruit from china hurting Thai farmers,  thai farmers say they would have to sell below cost to compete with china

Vietnam is being poisonous by communist China for over a two decade as of toxic food and  meat under a priceless given is to attract buyers ,Most of people in VN are very symptoms of diseased but how to prevent them (sicks) under an immoral communist Vietnam.People in the world should bans anything Made from China or made from P.R.C. US shouldlearn the lesson from 02 decades ago of shifting jobs to China is to feed them (surplus of billions dollar ) and now the return of Emperor China in confront with the US.This is so Great !!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Beware of the Dim Sum made in China.  Ask Scooby Doo.  Where r u?

How's that globalization working out for you folks now!!!

American grapes are only tainted with the  mexican migrant workers feces and urine..enjoy them American families...

Many people here say to boycott Chinese products. They have no faintest idea how much China buys from America. Ignorance is more dangerous than anything else.

In the last few years whenever I step into any dept. store my first question to a salesperson in the store is whether they have any products not coming from China, if they don't have the items I wanted then I just walk out, very simple.... I just hope everyone does the same

man, I thought being a vegetarian is healthy...that's it, I am reverting back to being a carnivore

I bought a used worm-drive Skil saw in 1971 from a retiring carpenter. It built a lot of house and has only need one replacement of bearings and seals. Oh, and occasionally brushes which is routine maintenance. It still is a good tool and I wont have to buy another.

Good news about china - 0-10commentsBad News about china - immediate popularity with hundreds of comments.. smhFor all of you who say Buy American. Without Import Competition your Ford and Chevy will still be #$%$.

look at this photo ! It's the result of using chinese food

Got to LOVE THIS...."Shrimp Alliance" that Shrimp FROM VIETNAM is LACED WITH DANGEROUS PESTICIDES...LMFAO...and if you do not believe me look up"contaminated shrimp from Vietnam" on Google...

In other words, I was turned off by a Chinese Fruit.

I was once approached By a Chinese Fruit. His name was Dam Hung. I did not engage in trade.

Even the vietnamese rejected chinese products, why are we still import their stuffs from walmart to Toy 'R Us?

China Awesomeness !Chinese Awesomeness !

now if americans could just stop buying chinese #$%$

If you are an American. Chances are you hate China. So whatever the american comment about China, chances are, they are all lies.damn

At least those Vietnamese stand up to boycott China's products.  What are we waiting for?  Keep sending jobs there and buy their junk, toxin products to finance their defense. This is so that they can continue to send spies to steal our technologies, unfair trade advantages with low currency and slowly building strong defense to fight us. We need to wake up and face the reality that China is the biggest threat to our security. Those Muslim terrorists, N. Korea, Iran, etc ... are annoying but nothing compare to China.  BRING ALL JOBS HOME AND BOYCOTT CHINA'S PRODUCTS!Du ma may cai nguoi thao. It is to no surprise what the Chinese are doing. And for the Vietnamese govt not doing anything, not too surprise there since majority of the members in that communist party are loyal to the Chinese brotherhood. They seem to do well of disposing of the members who are loyal to the sovereign. I just hope the good will of most Vietnamese would do what is right. Only sell what is made within the country.

It's March Madness folks!  Stop reading this yahoo garbage and go fill out a bracket.

yes, the chinese won't buy any GM #$%$. let's have trade war!

i love me some leeches in my watermelons gives it a distinct taste

Vietnam is China's d*ck. Look at the map and see for yourself.

Fu  ck China and #$%$ k Chinese, everything made in China is junk , toxic and dangerous, what else is new?

Why are American grapes being sold over there?  Or did I miss something?

Buy "Made in China"products for your own good,why should you do that ?????Oh,ho,ho.Do you want to see Mr Mao Zedong in Hell sooner ?????If yes.Do it.

the only good American troops is a dead american troop

God hates American troopsif u want to kill all the rapist then just bomb the US military

the 5000 dead pigs in the river of China stands for 5000 American troops

Vietnam is abundant with their own fruit production. They do not have to import fruit.

American troops...kill ur family and rape your kids

go ahead and eat it all up,thats what they want you fools

If you don't believe anyone could turn green fruits into ripe-looking ones, please read on.I have a grapefruit tree in my backyard with lots of large grapefruits.  Last year all the fruits were covered by some sort of small round grayish &amp; white insects.  I took a bottle of Ortho pesticide and sprayed on the branches &amp; fruits where the insects were on.  2 days later, all the grapefruits turned ripe (bright yellow -- the same color as ripen grapefruit), even the small ones.  When I pick a couple and cut them up, they looked just as normal.So I believe the Chinese did the same thing to the fruits they sell at the market, just by spraying pesticide on the skin, or by submerging the fruits in pesticide.I'm not making up this story, but to share what I experienced.  If you don't believe, try it yourself.

Asians are like elephants they never forget.

Almost all rising powers are expansionary. US took half of Mexico, invaded Canada, and fought the residential colonial power Spain in the 19th century when it was ascending. China went through similar expansionary phase in pretty much every major dynasty, and it is going through one right now. It's bad news for its neighbors because China does have a reasonable successful history of expansion because we started out only a collection of tribes in the Yellow river region.

Global trade was the dumbest act ever devised. Nothing like Government and corporate #$%$ spreading their low-quality business practice around the world!

Their understanding of globalization is to kill everyone globally.  I would pay more for untainted products made locally.Perhaps Vietnamese have forgotten the taste of their adopted pesedo French language and American Agent Orange, for better or worse.

China should let and supported France continued its brutal occupation in VN. China should let Americans kept bombing VN. China should not help north viet cong unified south VN. Of course, China was stupid to help unifying VN and help defeating the France's brutal occupation in VN.  Stupid VN still using France colony languages and writing and not able to develop their writing and language.

Paulo Thanh Nguyen, my hat is off to you.

someone are making money here ... LOL

Wish all these little commie idiots would just fall off the face of the earth. Especially the chinese

I wont eat any food from china if i can avoid.  Their fruit can stay fresh for weeks.  Everything is tainted especially the products they ship to poor countries.  Just remember they can put poison in baby milk, nothing they wont do.

Chinese are vampiric. All of their products will eventually kill you.

Just finished reading about just such a thing during WWI, the Brits and the Turks would have war break (yes a timeout) they would share stuff with each other; Turks would share their cigs the Brits their canned beef. Turks tasted the canned food and gave it back.

Not to worry, just send their product to Walmart and they'll buy anything.

Let the Chinese government going down to drain.  They don't care about people.  We should stop buying stuff from China.  They are poison to people.Don't worry China, WalMart will take it off your hands.Please, America, buy American.

Nuttin left to say here. We have known it for years,, If you keep EATING on Hope and Change you will get poisoned. Do you feel the pain America?? NO you are head numb!!!!!!

deadly levels of preservatives and pesticides are with cost, those make in the US are full of this kind fo man made chemical, it is all quity from all parties, US, particular Japan et al.  Who can show me the there is no deadly levels of preservatives and pesticides in the US fruits?

just why did american men die there?

I hate the term "prepared for" and no indication where the product is made.

No Wonder We Lost The War With Vietnam.  They Are Smarter Than Us.   The South and Nrth Combined Into One Communist Nation And The World Didn't Come To An End.  They Now Make Our Clothes.

hay noi khong voi hang trung quat

I eat only Chinese fruits and vegetables (as I live in China) and they're delicious and healthy.  They're not coated in wax and spritzed with cool water like in U.S. supermarkets, they're just fresh and excellent.It's ridiculous to say that "any food product from China is tainted".  This is a country of over 1 billion people, spanning a huge area of land.

food safety standard is too low in americamany nation expressed concern over america beef and pork contain high level of chemical - bring harm to human bodies.no any western media reported about this issue.taiwan held protest over such product enter into their market.america are applying their pressure against taiwan govt.america threaten to withdraw their support if america beef and pork was not allowed to enter  taiwan market.is this not an act of intimidation? america and taiwan are allies.this is how america treat his ally? forcing them to accept their poisonous beef and pork.

western media are not happy with the fact that china and vietnam had good relationship despite small dispute.only fools would fell into a western trap and fought each other and let third party gain advantage over the crisis.both are communist nation.vietnamese know that the simple fact that open boycott would attract same repercussion from chinese boycott.in the end, both of them are suffered from this stupid act.China occupied most of what is now Vietnam for about 900 years. Much of Vietnamese culture is concerned with the heros involved in finally driving out the Chinese. Operas about the Tran Sisters, etc. Unhappily for the Vietnamese, the Chinese wre soon replaced by the French. And then we blunderd in as "allies" of the French. They are entitled to be "sensitive" about foreign influences, especiallty from China.

fyi...i recently found out that the mandarin orange fruits in the Dole mandarin orange container were imported from China. I think these fruits were not tested by USDA. So please look at all the label from now on.

Who cares about these worthless Vietnamese/animals. 50,000 of our brave soldiers died in Vietnam. These dumb &amp; shameless Vietnamese should all die.

Do ya really want to do something?  Stop going to Walmart.  It really is that simple.

Well well well, its starting to happen China, has poisoned their country so bad over the last 20 years now even 3rd worlds countries are wise, now is the start of the down fall! not just in food also in their products, China will kill their own people, I did say KILL! you watch ! do you think they will just throw away poison fruit or food?  Not!

Vietnam is on the way to Hell...It robbed and stole from China but to no Avail!

I already stopped buying made in China since 2010...

It's not about Chinese fruit or products but jealousy and rivalry, become China is on her way to become the biggest economy in the world regardless. Why should we ask ourselves what can we learn from China to boost our economy rather than #$%$ about everything in China. If the fact of article was true, why don't we read the news of massive Chinese die of food poisoning because Western media love reporting anything bad about China. Wake up, folks, use your brain.

Take a walk into your schools lunchroom cold storage......FRUIT   #10 cans......PRODUCT OF CHINA.......I hope the watchdog is on duty......

Yes if you buy American at least your supporting another Communist government..LOLAre they trying to say that China is poisoning the world? How many products from China has the US rejected from china. It's a shame that our children could have the jobs that went to China and be able to support a thriving economy because, the earnings in the US would stay in the US.

most apple juice here in the US contains apple juice from china. great value a Wal-Mart brand has both apple juice from china and 100% US apple juice. i dare you to do a taste test of both, after drinking the US juice the Chinese juice taste toxic, like the apples were grown down stream from a toxic dump. try it!! the US apple juice cost a little more than the Chinese apple juice but its worth it

those who believe media will suffer with their own finacial interest.  Chinese produces has most competitive quality and reliablity, otherwise,the consumer would not go back to built is again, most of staff MADE in CHINA are the top list in consummer servey.  The politcal intend and violate fundimental economic role, such as blam without solid fact, like this will eveuntually prove to be laughable and childish. whoever starts this will be shamed without brain.  Let freedom fly, and free trade move.

U.S. is in to deep!!!

filipino not like vietnam filifino balimbing... hehehehehe

Many complain about how we label or the lack of whats in our food and restrict products and than there is all the #$%$ about the F.D.A. Folks you would not want to know what goes on with the food in China your stomach would turn and I venture many of the things you eat now you would never touch again if you knew it even stopped in China overnight.

All Chinese products in my opinion are inferior and dangerous.

Did the article say the grapes were inported from America

look at the fruit and vegetables imported into the us, same there

A few months ago I tried to buy some apple juice and every bottle (cheap and expensive) had "concentrate from China" on it somewhere.  I gave up and didn't get any.  Now that I'm reading this article, I wonder if some of our cancer problems in the U.S. is due to pesticides in our food from China?yeah :r am buyig like a boss

Eye have heard of hazelnut flavored and french vanilla flavored Java made in Vietnam for about 30% of the cost of regular coffee elsewhere,are these delicious delightful rumours true?And eye have also heard that construction drywall made in china has caused respiratory problems.

Look label before we buy. Product from China is not last long, food is tainted ...

they plant a dead baby under each plant for furtalizer. the rest goes into the stew pot.

-THE CHINESE ARE DOING DIRTY BUSINESS IN EVERYTHING ! FROM STEALING intellectual property,secrets, international company technology, and american jobs.-To  tainted Food and Dangerous Toys:

Chinese manufacturers poisons their own people with contaminated milk, cooking oil collected from sewage, chicken with excessive antibiotics, rice with carcinogen...So, it would be unwise to believe that they don't do the same with the world, right?

Just a nasty envy of their giant neighbor.

Has anyone seen the reports on Vietnamese farmed fish? They live in sewage and are given anti-biotics to survive in it and then they ship it to the US. The Vietnamese are dumb to think they care about quality and safe food. Also Vietnamese are dumb because China can turn off the Mekong and they would die of thirst.

Buy American or Chinese goods don't matter as long as it is safe,good, and cheap!

I think Americans should really take a moment and consider if they want to criticize what people in other countries eat.And vietnam's food safety record is first rate? LOL. pot meet kettle. Just face it: every country needs China. China is too big to have as an enemy. They all need China's market. So suck it up. LOL

I've ate both but I prefer the vietnamese, she was so tasty............

Do not buy anything from China it is poison. eat then dies.

China still have so many problems,  issues about the foods are become more and more seriously right now, all Chinese people know it clearly，and we worried about it too, we admit this problem, but China will getting better and better, we also believe it! each country need to face some  negative things when they are on the way of progress.  all we can need to do is face and get through it .

NO MORE CHINKNESE BUFFET FOR ME.

NUKE CHINA!

So what about those 5 million Vietanemese killed by Americans?In Asia and particularly Vietanm,, you can treat them like animals as long as you are Westerners,you are still a God.Countries in Asia are so jealous of China;s rise that hey would do anything to to stop it's economic rise.

China just regurgitates #$%$ products to sell to the world. One day all you idiots that buy that crud will wake up and stop buying it.

China's GDP is about 8.3 trillion dollars. Vietnam's GDP is roughly 136 billion dollars, less than 2% of China's. I don't think Chinese care very much if Vietnamese eat Chinese fruits or not.

Vietnamese so scare of Chinese foods, 'cause they used alot chemicals in their foods. They brought their products to Vietnam and put Made in Vietnam so  they can sell their products.Hope one day less stuffs made in china.China stop invading Vietnam, get out of Spratly, and Paracel Islands now.Most of us don't like China but our gov't borrow $$ from China.  #$%$

I was amazed that we actually exported something.

ban imports from china

just wait until they get food poisoning from American produce

What could they afford to eat now that their soil is contaminated with agent orange by theAmericans, even their tea is poisoned

GOOD move Vietnamese. The fruits and vegetables here in the US are laced with GMOs and pesticides! So many countries already reject fruit and vegetable imports from the US!

all bs, america hates china, know China will take over the world soon and be #1

Why are the American so racist and anti-Chinese? Why are they attacking China and Chinese all the time. Why are they so full of hatred for the Chinese. It is bad for their health. Wake up and grow up. If they want to pick fight, they should fight the Marsian. Chinese are great people, your loving brother and sister. Long live Mao. Go to hell American.

Made in USA is worse than Cancer

well, clearly viet nam must be bombed. i mean bad grapes from china? impossible.........time to make a point.Who cares about dumb Vietnamese. They should all die. They killed so many of our brave soldiers.

50,000 of our brave soldiers died in Vietnam. These dumb &amp; shameless Vietnam should all die and who cares about these worthless animals

With in coming 20 years China will produce world class:*C.P.U, Cars, Airplane, Ships, Satellite, hi-speed train, many more Hi Tech Innoventions !!! are coming !!!!!China is READY !!!!! in all fields of Competitions !!!!China Rise !!!!China kickass! kickbutts ! New Innoventions are Coming !!!

It appears to me American are very racial, hate Chinese, selfish. They don't seem to run out of idea to bad-mouth Chinese, It is all imagination. The American cannot be  trusted, they are liers. Be more constructive about China, the greatest nation on Earth. Long live China and Mao. To hell the American.

Haha propaganda smearing China just never stops.

To all the Americans out there. Stop being selfish and pampered and anti-Chinese. Thanks the great Chinese people. US is very dangerous. Create trouble every where. Thou shall be judged.