Hmm, I thought she retired?  You would almost think she was starting to run a campaign for President or something...

And in other news the sun rises in the east.....

OMG ! what a Surprise.

Politicians will do and say anything for votes..............

Economy is still in shambles and the only thing they talk about is gay marriage.

wow she and her husband were very much against this before and actually said it was a sin and should not be allowed in our society. Guess when you want to be president you say anything that will get a vote

A Democrat supporting the standard Democratic platform is news because...?

I'm old enough to remember when the Clintons were against same-sex marriage

Must be a poll telling her she should be for it this time when she was against it last time.

how about supporting the truth about bengazzi--hillary is "evolving"

Politicans making a joke of Homosexualitey .Really how far would a politican bend some people over for a vote

Well, hell yeah.  Gotta those votes in 2016 somehow.

I am announcing my support for the truth to come out about Benghazi . . .

Now all these idiots are supporting gay marriage like it's a badge of courage... #$%$!

Got to get that endorsement early if you're gonna run for the big office... A prime example of a self serving politician...

Anything for a vote.

Hillary Clinton is for Gay Marriage,nothing new anything for a vote,I bet she will run for the 2016 presidential race,but in her famous words."What Does It Matter"

AP dutifully pimping Hillary for 2016.

The ambassador's still dead, hillary.Sick and  tired of the Kennedys,Clintons and Obamas!!

If her and Rand Paul were to get even media coverage, Rand would annihilate her in a debate on constitution grounds and American freedom.

She won't get my vote.  Seems like these politicans are all worried about ay marriage and giving illegals the right to vote, instead of the poor economy and creating jobs.

A Democrat that supports homosexuality.  There's something you don't see every day.

She'll support anything if she thinks it will get her a vote....she's jumping on board the #$%$ wagon now

There's a lot of comments here, pro and con, about gay's in government.  I'll just put in my two cents:  There was a time when gays were not permitted to be in the government service.  Why?  Because they were vulnerable to give out secret information for the exchange of illicit sex.  What's the ruling about that these days?

The headline doesn't surprise me. Decency and morality  are becoming more scarce each day.

a decision that was in the hooper, too bad releasing all begazi and and other sec of state files is not forthcoming ,,, remember clinto testified that the ambassodores and three others deaths were just "old news" ... REALLY!

If I ever thought about voting for her, and I haven't, this would change my mind anyway. These people are so two-faced - they go along with whatever will work to get votes.

She was against it..no she was for it_ before she was for it, she was against it, or something.The old hag supporters (welfare crowd) are out, in full force, today.

The disbarred criminals' wife is for anything the media says to in favor of. Public service my #$%$!

Being religious is a choice.

SHE'D SELL HER SOUL IF IT GOT HER A VOTE,SHE DOESN'T CARE RIGHT OR WRONG JUST VOTES.OH YEA SHE SAID SHE DOESN'T KNOW IF SHE'LL RUN.PLEASE.HEY HILLARY SOME ONE ALREADY USED "I DID NOT HAVE SEX WITH THAT WOMEN"

Wooooo big surprise there.

Just call it what it is: HOMOSEXUALITY

What took her so long, Joe Biden beat her to the punch.

NOW that hillary clintons HACKED emails Reveal that clinton / obama LIED about Benghazi and from the beginning clinton / obama were Involved in a Cover Up ? the clinton emails make clinton / obama Guilty of Treason

First and foremost, Hillary needs to tell the TRUTH about Benghazi and the MURDER of four Americans.

Don't all DEMOCRATS support Gay Marriage and the Gay lifestyle simply by being Democrats ?   After all, this is their platform !Running for president already and will say anything to get votes.

Let's break this down. Heterosexuals who marry someone of the opposite sex no longer have the voting power to elect anyone? It's all about a tiny fraction of the country?

Looks like the old hag is planning to run for president.

...but said NOTHING in 1996 after her husband signed DOMA into law....

Four Americans were murdered under her watch. She covered it up and her cowardness and ineptness should never be forgotten. She is now pandering to the gays. As a coward, a liar and someone who it totally inept at their job, she has all the same qualities as Obama. She should indeed make for a wonderful president, just as much as Obama. America deserves better though and those four dead Americans sure deserved better. Yuck to Clinton and her gay pandering promotional stunts.

Just wondering, does she support protecting our Embassies ?

hillary clinton - the Gay Alcoholic - is Responsible for americans MURDERED in Benghazi.clinton will go Down in the obama Benghazi Cover Up , as soon as the 30 witnesses that survived start testifying before congress....even though obama has THREATENED these people, they  WILL Testify......

Is Hillary finally coming out? There has to be a reason why Bill was always stalking other women? I agree with her that gays and lesbians are full and equal citizens and deserve the rights of citizenship. I don't agree that citizenship gives you the right to marry anyone you want. We have restrictions on marriage and all citizens must obey those restrictions, even gays and lesbians. All you need to do is pass laws in all states to allow gay marriage or pass a Constitutional amendment prohibiting any laws against gay marriage. If gay marriage has the support it claims then either of these options should be doable. While you are reviewing the restrictions on marriage maybe should look at the other restrictions on marriage and see if they still make sense or are they based on some ancient religion or tradition.

I am totally shocked! One has the feeling her marriage has been of convenience and political expediency for many, many years and that her interests lie elsewhere.. It doesn't take a lot of imagination to figure out where the Princess of Pant Suits "comes down" on the issue.

They gotta start pandering early to keep those dutiful gay voters in their camp.Boy, didn't see that coming! Blahahahhahaaaaa they do believe the American people are stupid!

No surprise here, since the word on the street is that she is a switch hitter.

How can this possibkly be considered  "news"?  Pandering, yes, but not news.

A liberal supporting the liberal agenda that she helped create is not not news.

Of course she does. More votes for her presidential run in 2016.

DUH....Like she wouldn't? Had she not, how would she be the one on the '16 ticket? Sad thing is, these politicians (both sides) tell people what they want to hear and not the truth.

It will be hilarious watching her in the debates IF the media questions her about her silence when DOMA (Defence Of Marrige Act) was signed into law in 1996.....BY HER HUSBAND!!

WOW. Some politicians have absolutely no MORALS and will pander to any group just to get votes. The problem is these groups believe this BS.

She needs to make up her mind !

She needs to come out.It's like Ol' Hil is programmed in the Liberal Way.  Amen.

She is going to run now for sure!

Of course she did.  It worked for Obama, why wouldn't she follow suit?

Look at her she is gay.....

Can anyone look at her photo and say this is a surprise?

What a bunch of hypocrisy , never mind about any morals!!

She had to stop twice during her announcement to hack up a hair ball?

A couple of weeks ago, there was a headline about Michelle Obama's eye-rolling at Boehner at the dinner table.    Then last week there was a headline about zombies walking around as a latest fad.    This is certainly the work of a liberal press.

Why is this such big news?

2016 Presidential begins now. I thought she wasnt going to run?  Another liberal liar. What a surprise. LOLshe also supported and voted yes for the Iraq war. oh wait, sorry, that was all bush's fault

wow, has she ever aged!!

From the leading expert on healthy marriages.

Hillary finally came out of the closet......Liberal Yahoooooooooooo

all for votes,what a pathetic society,when it has to be about someones sexual preference,whats next everybody embracing pedophiles because they too have a warped sense of what sex is,hey hillary why don't you tell all the children about aids and all the other diseases that come with the homosexual life style.

Hey Hillary, what did you say when your husband signed D.O.M.A. (Defence Of Marrige Act) in 1996?Oh, that's right....NOTHING!!!

Of course, she must have read the left-leaning media polls. Are there any politicians left who care about the truth and are willing to speak honestly?

Bill are you sure that it is politically safe now? Bill? Bill? BILL?

No More clinton ... What difference at this point does it make

"What difference dpes it make at this point" These words will haunt her and her dishonesty!!The old girl is looking rough. She needs to get her some botox, or maybe a paper bag.

Cool, can we get a list of everyone in favor of traditional marriage?

I would have been more surprised if she came out and expressed her faith and belief in God and his word.

This does not surprise me in the least.

Straight to the comments...

I am sure she would be really gay if her dear little Chelsey darling (the one who found big bucks to buy a 10 million dollar home) was gay!!! Yep! That would make her day! OMG! She will run for that position in the White House.... what is it called? Oh, yeah. President. I forgot.

A little late to the party, isn't she?

Portman is reminiscent of a study done on abortion.  In the study of single parents with children, the majority were pro life prior to the birth of their child.  Amazingly, the bulk of those same people were pro life after the birth of their child.

Hillary's sexual preference doesn't surprise me. Eww!

no wonder why Bill cheated with 'That Woman.'And this is a surprise why?

Her no surprises. 1996 was an election year he simply did what he had to in order to get re-elected. Whether he is for until he became against, and now yes, he is a mealy mouth sleaze (so is she) that will do anything for votes!

Who cares.

Mrs. Clinton should avoid close-ups.  Time HAS NOT been kind to her.

Go Hillary.  Start working on being the next president.  Get that gay vote.  You can give them a couple of weeks then start on someone else.

I'm beginning to believe that our whole government may be gay.

the word that comes to mind...Pathetic, another word,  Benghazi...Liar is another word...

I just lost my lunch after seeing this close-up picture of her.

Hey.  I got a yellow badge for my last comment.

It,s  so sad when we realize we have so many idiots like this running our country.. Our fore fathers would turn over in their graves if they knew how screwed up this country is today .I can see why she may want to go gay here self, look at what she has had for a mate all these years.

News flash I want to announce my support for one man one woman marriage.

might as well jump on the bandwagon; it's the thing to do .... love how these politicians are such "open minded people" and it will get us votes for both myself and the party......

So the press is shocked she is "Coming Out" in support of gay marriage?!?!?  She is (Was) a lawyer.. Just adding to the available client base for divorces... More grease for the fire...

Looks like she is finally going to get rid of Bill!!!

She was against it before she was for it. Typical Democrat flip flop.

which ever way the wind blows

Of course she does.....but who cares?!?!She is a liberal.  She is a Democrat.  She is a politician.

No big Surprise!What about Bengazhi?

If I had a choice of doing her or turning gay-I'd bend over!Between hillary doing her crying act while lying about Benghazi and feinstein throwing a temper tantrum to avoid answering questions about the liberals attempt at banning guns the democrats have turned into a regular dog and pony show.

I did NOT see this coming...

Another 4 years of Hillary running for president

this is news?

Alright, that's it. I'm finally announcing my controversial position on this; I'm for heterosexual marriage. There I said it.  Sorry Yahoo.

And four months from now she be saying " at this point what difference does it make" or something like that.

Well that makes it official!!!!

Hey, wait I see another parade. Let me jump in front of it so I can say I'm leading.

To Ms. Pace, Mr. Thomas and the AP: This is "journalism?" You see, "news" is that thing where you investigate and research, THEN present unbiased truth and facts. Like how and why Benghazi happened, who was responsible and what FACTUAL TRUTH is.What "news" is not is an overstatement of the obvious and what EVERYBODY ALREADY KNOWS.

Hmmmm: after all of Bill's "scores" which she fully accepted, and her affair with Vince Foster, she's the very last person to be commenting on marriage - be it normal or between homosexuals or by two humming birds.Enough already. The 2016 campaign is now in full swing. Next on the list.. 'dog lovers', 'cat lovers', 'lovers of primates', and whales.. oops, whales can't vote UNLESS they have an ID.

Preparing for her 2016 campaign. Next she will announce she is pro-amnesty.

She also advocates the murder of American Patriots and Ambassadors but the less than honorable left wing media won't discuss that.

She can believe what she wants say what she thinks the people want to hear) But she's a horrible leader for this country, as is her lying husband and the entire Obama gang.

What a shock...the world is stunned. Hillary has always been a "Profile In Courage". How bold and brave of her to make the announcement before she throws her hat in the ring for her 2016 run.

What a two faced Hag

WE can only hope this hag dies before the next election, but she learned from Obama it is never to early to buy votes

Hillary....babe.......ditch the ugly glasses......Hollywood types can get away with it but you can not.

Anything for a vote, apparently she doesn't consider  infrastructure, jobs, or the economy important.

I would support a gay community located in some remote island just like a leper colony.Oh wow!  Hilliary supported something, so everything must be OK!  This is not anything but a political move.  If I were the gay community, although looking for support, I would be angered I was being used as a pawn for political gain.With that  being said, everyone needs to mind their own business and stop judging.  Christianity, and "rules" should not be forced upon a peoples.  God gave us "free will".  If you want to talk about "sin", there is no sin greater than another.  Sin is sin.  When you judge the gay community you sin.  Leave them be in peace, like Jesus does.

Did Chelsea  just come out?

Are we suppose to be surprised??  It's been common knowledge for years that Hillary is a lesbian.

PLEASE Clinton family go away

Of course she's in favor.  She counted the potential votes, for and against.

and the queen of the depraved has  spoken?

well...whoop...de...do!

Will be intersting to see how the courts will act when all the gays start divorcing.Which mom will get the kids or which dad will have to pay.You thought family court was screwed up now,just wait for this.

Gays do not respect the Bible why would they want to Marry,,Marriage is a Biblical  thing

Hillary the new FLOP master......over the next 4 years we are going to be subject these little flops so she will be ready to fun for President in 16......THERE WILL BE MANY MORE, which only goes to show how amusingly political she is.....FOLLOW THE VOTE HILLARY.Everybody knows she's in the closet with Opra! LOL

--so do you still blame a movie nobody saw with the murders in bengazzi

Hilary Clinton is an accomplice in Bengazi

Homosexuals are males that can't satisfy women  and  women that can't satisfy men . Politicians will support anything to get votes , used to be the black , now its hispanic and homosexuals . What be done about it , not a damn thing .

It takes one to know one!

LOL

All liberals supprt gay marriage because if they don't or dare to disagree with the liberal establishment on any issue, they will be destroyed.

To have a moral code is so punishing for the democrats.  Keep casting these groups so you can lead the lemmings out of bondage since you all are so oppressed.  The Dems just want your votes and really could give a rats behind about you.

Are you sure that isn't Barney Frank in drag?

"What at this point, does it matter?"  I thought we were done with this dowdy, two-faced turddie.......go away!T.M. no it means we are definitely in the end times where "Men will become lovers of men" The Bible. Just goes to show that any politician will go with the flow just to stay on power, and change their stance again just to stay in power.

I simply will not consider voting for any politician who "comes out" for gay marriage.  There is no reason for that to even come into the political campaign venue.  Whether or not I support gay marriage is not relevant.  It is the fact that politicians who all of a sudden are publicly voicing their support for gay marriage are not doing so because of a belief as much as they are seeking votes.  Anyone who doesn't realize that doesn't need to vote.

Anything to get the VOTE...  Will people remember this next election... How about Benghazi, will they remember the "WHO CARES"????

and folks are standing around scratching their heads wounder just whats wrong with this country,its the folks you elect in washington that lets their ego get bigger then their job title and want to step outside the laws of god and the holy bible to take on and play god,,god told moses to kill all gays

Issssnt that jusssst ssssuuuper?

I'm stund...............hillary supports gays...............WHAT !

Oh Hillary get a grip, you couldn't keep your husband from cheating on you, yet you want to be president?? I don't need your failing plans for this country and i really don't care about your views on gay marriage... Why don't you start talking about your failed policy in getting four americans killed in Benghazi?

Was Ryan Seacrest with her during the taping?

Okay Yahoo, seriously, is there a prize for the best post on this particular news? How about a night with Bill for the guys and a night with Hillary for the girls?

Yep, she's running...lolIt's called pandering.

....... "rapidly gaining public approval." The road to certain destruction is WIDE, and MANY choose it. A much better way? Seek God's approval in all you do, NOT sinful man's approval.

Well maybe she should have told us that earlier. Darn. I wonder why she's telling us now... Is she coming out too?

This hardly qualifies as a shocker.

And where is Monica when we need her.

God forbid she announce her support for Economic Growth.

She has just made her first step in coming out of the closet.

Well, that does it. if Hillary is for it, then so am I... Yeah right.

OK.....Big deal. Why the priority on all this gay stuff. Nothing against gays but seems like this country has many more pressing issues. Let's not get side tracked from Benghazi, Fast and Furious, the deficit.

We're drowning in debt, high unemployment and the biggest number of people on welfare/foodstamps and the liberals still want to only talk about gays? How about spending cuts and jobs, bone heads. BTW, Hillary, take a long hike, your days are over.First it will be gay marriage then will marrying our father's,mother's sister's brother's aunt's uncle's,animal's then inanimate objects.

Hillery, I see that fall you had you must have hit your head.

She also supports drone strikes and Govt. gun running to cartels...

She looks terrible.  She should take a lengthy vacation in some tropical resort.

if the truth were known about Hillary.....

Might as well let them get married your letting illegals vote and stay in the country. At least the gays are american citizens

she's definately running again.

I support the 4 fallen Embassy workers in Benghazi.  Unfortunately, Hillary did not.  Glad to know where her priorities lie.

I am ready for when the Lord returns.

And this is news why? and Who really cares?Calling a union between homosexuals marriage is like calling apples oranges.  Words are supposed to have distinct meanings.  Marriage has always meant a union between a man and a women.  If homosexuals desire civil unions who cares, just find another name for the union than marriage.  The whole name game is simply a way for politicians to pit one group of people against another for political purposes.

Thanks, Yahoo!!!  She also supported Bill &amp; Monica!

Her marriage to Bill is a scam, hell she's probably a Closet Lesbian!

Damn she's ugly.

So she is FOR gay men dying off from AIDS(50%) and spreading it around?

Is this so she can leave Bill and get married instead of just living with someone else?

Is anyone surprised?  All these people that we elect have gone rogue and care nothing about anything but votes.

The super liberal , what does truth matter, is in support of GAY marriage.  Big shock. This woman did not even care that her husband screws around on her.

Wow, what a shock.  LOL!

The problem we have in this country is that those on the dole outnumber those that are giving.  This isn't a class warfare issue, its a very calculated move on the democrats to put people under government control.  Once your livelihood is dependent on the government, then you'll NEVER vote for the guys that want to do the reasonable thing and balance expense versus what is coming in.  We are stuck.  Just like Greece, Spain, and the other countries.  Once those that have the money get sick of giving it, then anarchy will reign.Hey Bill, now is your chance. You can marry Hillary off to Rosie Odonell, and you will be free to roam.

Was it not only three years ago Hillary and Bill.America's sweethearts came out (forgive the pun) against gay marriage-way to get those votes kids

Liar

A direct reversal of her and her husbands support for the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) (Pub.L. 104–199, 110 Stat. 2419, enacted September 21, 1996, 1 U.S.C. § 7 and 28 U.S.C. § 1738C) which he signed into law... HYPOCRITE!!!

Translation... formal announcement of 2016 presidential bid...

I wish she would go back under a rock where she belongs!! She's another one of Obama's professional sneaks and liars.

Who cares what she thinks as a private citizen but if yahoo is pumping her for 2016 this must be news!  Pump yahoo Pump.  She has to fight off crazy joe biden for the nomination. I would hope we have more sense in the next presidential election than to elect her!!

How's your "Arab Spring" going Hill?

Not aging gracefully...

she will say and do anything to get elected , she has no morrals ,If she was a little uglier she could be married to the present president

Wonder how she feels about those bullits she ducked in that country she was not even in when they were fired?

Why ? Trying to gain votes ? Or is she planning on coming out of the closet ?

Hillary also thinks the "Wicked Witch Of The West" got a raw deal.

As unattractive as she's gotten that may be her only hope if she has to make a second marriage.

The shadow of Obama is still around. Playing at politics. Heaven help us. What an ill defined person with no defining attributes that make her a person of character or principle.

SOMEBODY,...please throw some water on Hillary so she'll melt into a puddle.

LMAO, The poster lady for lesbianism states the obvious

So what else is new?

I'm shocked that anyone would listen to what she says.She will run for Prez in 2016, she needs all the votes including from the gay community, that is why she is coming out all of a sudden in support of gay marriage

I'm waiting for H. Clinton to come out of the closet.

But, what if I am an HIV positive Gay black Midget? Can I still keep my Obamaphone?

Ever hear of Edward Mezvinsky?...he was a democrat and served as a congressman from Iowa's 1st congressional district from 1973-1977...he sat on the house Judiciary Committee and helped decide the fate of Richard Nixon. He and the Clintons were politically intwined for years.In March of 2001, he was indicted and latter plead guilty to 31 of 69 counts of bank fraud, mail fraud, and wire fraud. He was sentenced to 80 months in federal prison. He embezzled more than 10 million dollars from people via both a ponzi scheme and the notorious Nigerian E-Mail scheme.....so who was this corrupt politician who was such a friend to the Clintons?....why he is Chelsea Clinton's father-in-law......when you yourself are corrupt, you surround yourself with others just like you.

Are she Madelaine Halfbright coming out of the closet?

Ok, I knew that she would be in favor of gay marriage, that's no shock.I am suprised, and taken back about the remark she made, " that to deny anyone the opportunity to marry to anyone's daughter or son on the basis of sexual orientation, is to deny them the chance to live up to their own God-given potential".   So if you're not married you're no living up to your full potential? I guess single people no matter what their sexual orientation are just throwing their talents away!

And so it starts ! Next, she will announce that she is 3/38th Hispanic !

You are entitled to your opinion.  Whether or not gay marriage will be legal in all states, I really don't care.  It will not change my opinion that marriage is between a man and a woman.  Making such a big deal out of this is boring.  I do not judge those who don't believe the way I do, they are not held accountable to me.  In return, do not call me names or judge me.  Give those of us the same respect that you desire.

Mr. and Mr. Bill and Killary Clinton

Wonder if she has her new partner picked out?She was against it before she was for it.

why if you approve lesbians/homosexuals getting benefits tax breaks and etc.and other benefits,why do you discriminate against a man /women living together with no benefits,tax breaks and etc. that married couple receive. YOU lost my vote hillary,well you never had it.

...........and tomorrow she'll be coming out!

Politicians love to blow which ever way the wind happens to be wafting....

Hillary the right's worst nightmare.

Another hag supporting immorality. Is she gonna kiss Anderson Cooper, or worse?

Anything for a future vote, she couldn't really care less.  She had better start watching her diet, she's not aging well and I suspect it's lack of discipline with diet.

She should concentrate MORE on keeping U.S Ambassadors from getting killed.

We have all known this for sometime now. I want answers on Benghazi which she has failed to provide, and has lied about. Didn't get emails from Chris Stevens in BS!! How do you miss 20+ emails requesting help??? Sad day for America.

suprised , suprise , suprise ,  sargent... Hilarious Hilary is the Gomer of the government."Now that it's good for my polititcal future I'm for gay marriage."

I'm still LOL at the Gays and Democrats, its not a Civil Right to have same sex marriage! Its a Moral issue. No wonder why this Great Country is going down the drain, Obama and his brainwashed sheep have no idea what civil rights are.

Let me get this straight. Many hated on Tiger Woods for being a scoundrel but think it not strange for a man to put his pipe in another man's mouth or #$%$?

She's finally going to ditch Bill?

It may be an after-effect of the concussion.

Definition of Liberal -Pro-gun controlPro-Illegal alienPro-abortionPro-same sex marriage

Big surprise, a democrat supporting something that is wicked.

Everybody's going for the gay vote, and we're 4 years away, God help us.

This is the true Hilary for all to see. Not about gay rights. Shes about securing 2% of the vote 3 years in advance after her husband voted with a conscience coming out for the defense of marriage between 1 man and 1 woman...Shes a real class act after all. She did such a great job in Benghazi.

Methinks the lady(?) doth pander !!Hillary would fit well in a gay marriage.  She has the look.

As a single person, I'm a "full and equal citizen and deserve the rights of citizenship" as well.  So are polygamists, etc., etc.  Govt. should stay out of marriage, period.  No benefits, no breaks, to any married person.  End of problem.

Bill and Hill. If I were married to either one, I'd turn gay.

Once again these clowns prove they will do anything for votes. They actually have no choice but to gather all the self serving minorities and their votes because all the real Americans with real values are sick of their lies and general b s.

Gays.......just another bunch of suckers being used by Democrats for votes. Are they as gullible as blacks? We'll see.

Well, if she wants to run for president, she better do something about her appearance.  She ain't NEVER getting elected looking like that.

No one cares what you have to say any more MURDERER!

Democrat party - party of death and decadance.

her next post in Libya where 4 American,s died

Geee, what a surprise this was ----- NOT! The Party of Perverts supporting perversions, go figure!Do they still make glue out of old horses?

does this mean they all backslid away from god,,it really dont make a hoot what man or women think its whats written in that bible that matters,washington might think they can over power gods word but will so learn who's still large and in charge

Oh sorry I thought she said she was getting remarried to a woman

If gay marriage was such a great idea how come Califorians overwhelmingly voted down gay marriage on voting ballot a few years ago better known as Propisition 8!!!!!!

How about a little more consistency with our politicians....Liberal or Conservative. Gay Marriage is a viable platform? It shouldn't even be a political issue, State issue is more like it.

What does Hillary's announcement  mean?  It means absolutely nothing...because her "convictions" blow whichever way the wind does.  You can't count on anything this unscrupulous hag says anymore than you can with Obozo - she'll say anything to get herself more power.

I have been suspicious for years that she was a "closet lesbian", maybe bi-sexual.  That's the only reason she was apathetic to Bill and his dalliance with Monica Lewinsky. She was probably actually hoping Bill would suggest a "threesome". If she's not one she's missing an excellent opportunity.  Perhaps the only child was really adopted all the time.

Are you surprised ???????????????????????

a perfect example of why we need bullies in schools.

A lot of people flip flopping on this gay marriage issue.  Hillary wants her position out there before the 2016 election.What would be really new worthy is if she came out against it. Or just came out already...

So, Hillary... a super liberal... just announced that she is for gay marriage and the people love it... but all liberals should already back gay marriage.But when GOP Senator Rob Portman backed it a few days ago... the people ridiculed him for it... even though most GOP does not support gay marriage, Portman crossed party lines with his support...Hillary is praised, Portman is booed...I really hate the media... I really do...

have you seen any hand obamas played that hillary and bill didnt stand by this one is against the bible and gods word yet they still back obama over god

Hillarys, support for gay marriage? Perhaps Hillary, really likes Monica, more than we knew?

If gay couples cannot accept CIVIL UNION having similar benefits to MARRIED heterosexual couples, there are many Churches offering psychological counseling to help Gays overcome there illness.

Lets just get it over with and flush this country down the crapper!

Never noticed it before, but you are right. Her left side IS sagging and the lense IS discolored.

Why does the left lense look to be opaqued?...Did she have a stroke, instead of the brain clot we were told about?...every pic of her in glasses, the left side is less than clear....like she or her handlers are trying to hide something.

she should be in jail along with obama after benghazi coverup.if someone would vote for this traiter we are doomed

Boy her retirement and ugly mug off the front page didn't last long.  Maybe now she feels like talking more about Bengahzi!This is not news.  This left wing political hack will endorse anything if she thinks it will get her a few votes.

...and announces plans to divorce Bill and marry Janet Reno.

Sure she supports that stuff. It's her only shot at gettin' any!

Of course she did,she doesn't want to lose all that Hollywood money,and support when she runs for President LOL!

does anyone really care what Hillary Clinton thinks?

Shocking!

She would do a lot better in 2016 if she divorced Bill and married a woman. Then there would be a first lady and a second lady. It would help keep Bill from trying to run things, too.

Why is this news? Like we didn't know that hillary supported gay marriage. Get real yahoo, just more propaganda from government yahoo not news.

Remember what she said in the hearings about the Americans killed in Benghazi?  "What difference does it make now"? Now she's for gay marriage? And there is actually comments on here that they would be happy if she ran for president in 2016. Have these people completely lost their minds?

I want your support for my 2016 presidential run. So, for now I support Gay Marriages. But look out afterwards. Just as the sudden change of support, there can be a sudden change of... Well, my Christian roots disallows such unions. Hypocrites and liars. But then again, typical Demorats.What else is new? She's getting on the bandwagon like everybody else.  IF you see the demographics because of young people including younger conservatives society as a whole is much more accepting of Gay Marriage and Civil Unions. As time goes the numbers will be even more so. The trends are against those in opposition.  At this point even where it's unconstitutional they're eventually going to write Civil Union laws that are nothing more than legal marriages with another name.  Just get rid of or water down the DOMA, fix the tax code to recognize Civil Unions so our polticians are not distracted by this so they can move on dealwith the real problems we face like the economy, Social Security, Medicare, Energy policy, the Middle East, North Korea and Jamie Dimon and his London Whale.

I can't tell. Is she sitting in her Hover-round or standing up?

gays need shock treatment on a regular bases.  Some dogs have to be trained with a shock collar and they have more brains than the gays.  Do what is right Fr* aks not what you think feels good.  YUK

And this comes a surprise to who?

she would sell her soul to the devil to be president!

Supporting homosexual marriage is...denouncing God.

She never struck me as the traditional type...

Hold on a min., Hillary is still alive?

"is to deny them the chance to live up to their own God-given potential." How DARE Hillary or anyone else bring God's name into the perversion of gay "marriage". God defined marriage as one man and one woman, His word calls homosexuality a sin..And for Hillary and those in favor of "gay" marriage to use His name in the same context as approval of a sin for political gain is beyond reprehensible.

The USA is flushing itself down the toilet.What a shocker.... A lifetime democrat supports gay marriage.  Move along, nothing new to see here.

God help us with these stupid, ugly, idiot liberals.

The party of freedom and liberation.  Constantly looking for victims to free and only the government can free you. They love putting people into groups and all they do is stigmatize them in the process.

Has the old #$%$ got some younger woman in mind when she gets around to dumping Bill?

Isn't there a military tribunal for these kind of people ???

Well, if this is the biggest worry Hillary and the lame stream media have to tackle then we are so screwed!

What do you expect from a Democratic candidate ?? She is probably gay herself..That is why ole Billy Boy had his female friends in the White House..

100% of homosexuals are gay.

The cow has American Blood on her hands. The stains will not be ignored if she decides to run in 2016.

Will she support Zoophilia next to get the Farm vote for 2016 ?For Votes, your bet, she would give everyyone a Lewinsky, if thats what it takes..Gays over Jobs. Gays over Debt. Gays over immigration. Gays over abortion.What a loser system we live in.

Absolute Pimps, the rantings of a probable bisexual in support of gay marriage is not news.

Why doesn't she just "Come Out".  Could it be the reason Bill cheats?  Stay tuned to MSNBC.

If Pedophiles had a large enough voting block, she'd support them too...............

who cares what hillary thinks ... i want to know what monica lewinski thinks of it?

I hope I live to see the day she gets what is coming to her and her husband. Marie Antonnet has nothing on this woman.

Oh, I found it!  Today's FIRST installment of Gay-inYour-Face news from Yahoo!.  I was just sitting here drinking coffee and wondering "What are the fruiters up to right now?  Anything interesting?"  This little tidbit has convinced me that Hillary Clinton is nothing but an unprincipled political w(h)ore with her finger in the air checking which way the wind's blowing.

How long are you planning to leave this propoganda piece up, Yahoo?

Hill goes whatever way the latest poll tells her.  Is she a time tested champion of gay marriage rights? Well, let's just say that to the quote from the Statue of Liberty, "Give me your tired, your poor/Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free", she's added, "So I can promise them goodies, and benefits, and get their votes".

I have always thought Hillary was really a Guy, and Bill just went along with it, so He could become President, because he was not smart enough to pull it off, alone.If ugly was an art, this woman would be a master

No surprise here....

You mean she came out of the closet ? Naww Bill would have said it a long time ago....

Next they'll say we're all gay, we are all just denying that inherent truth.

So her views after her stroke are different than her views before the stroke?  Interesting.

I wonder if a poll came out that said 54% of Americans were against it if she would change her position

all the press gay marriage is getting you would think it is the most important issue concerning america, dam gays have took over the media, I used to not care what anyone did in the bed room, the more gays scream and stomp about there so called civil rights, I have come to have very little time for the little pop tarts, please go back into the closet and keep the door shut. Marriage is between one man and one woman, period

out of curiosity about how much of the population is gay ?

....who gives a ship what she thinks. Really gets me how these people think the world is to their saying. They come on TV shooting their mouths off like we are supposed to do at their beckoned wish. Who are they, never seen them before. They write books about B/S just to make money. Their no different than anyone of us, they think their way we think our way. Myself if you want to marry the same sex go write ahead but I will take a female any day with all those bells and whistles.

Hillary loves the 'love that dare not speak its name' - wow, there is a news flash (like anyone did not know she swung both ways).Now she is part of the daisy chain!

Her next voiced opinion will be its ok if any married couple CHEATS on each other--Whatever it takes to get a vote--Thats why she and Bill changed their mind--I really do believe they dont agee with it,but...Anyway, if her,me and another male were on a desserted island,and I was left to have sex with her,I would turn gay too--GOSH,look at her pic !!!

She has more to worry about than gay marriage; it's the least of her many problems.

Looks like she wants to run for president.She belongs in prison.

Civil unions should be the primary legal institution, and then if your particular religion wants to call it a "marriage" then you can get "married" and as long as it meets the criteria for a civil union (two consenting non-immediately-related adults) then your marriage would apply as a civil union. I have yet to hear an argument for why this wouldn't work.

Did anyone expect anything else from this Marxist moral slug?

This F%^ing topic of Gay marriage is being thrown in our faces now on a daily basis.  So now every time someone supports it, we have to read a story about it?

"Former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton announced her support for gay marriage Monday, putting her in line with other potential Democratic presidential candidates on a social issue that is rapidly gaining public approval."See even when they write it like this people don't seem to understand these politicians are just changing sides for their political careers, not personally. Why does she suddenly have to announce this if not for some political agenda? It is tiring putting up with these blatant tactics they use over and over again, yet nothing changes.

That AINT news--say a turd is a turd is #$%$, but it aint news---what WOULD have been news would be if SHE came out of the closet---I mean....I think she's the only one that hasn't admitted it yet

Run for pres in 2016, beat Biden in the primaries, and this time the DNC campaign will run on GENDER GUILT rather than Race Guilt. Lets see how many fem-votes actually exist.Probably because ??? Why don't she support the truth about Benghazi. Probably because she was complicit in the deaths

"is to deny them the chance to live up to their own God-given potential." How DARE Hillary or anyone else bring God's name into the perversion of gay "marriage". God defined marriage as one man and one woman, His word calls homosexuality a sin..And for Hillary and those in favor of "gay" marriage to use His name in the same context as approval of a sin for nothing more than political gain is wrong in so many ways..

Hillary Clinton has thoroughly examined her conscience and looked at the polls. She could not find her conscience.

The latest  addition of  Gay-lords .

Wow! A liberal Demoncrat supporting deviant behavior? Can't be...

I wonder if the gay population enjoys being told by Hillary that they are sinners...then, just before the elections start up, they are told “no, we always loved you”……

She will tell you want you want to hear so she can get what she wants!!  Are all of you just stupid or what??

Show me a lesbian that doesn't support gay marriage.  This, ladies and gentlemen, explains Bill Clinton's womanizing in the clearest of terms.

Is it me or is Hilliary giving "homely" a bad rap?  I mean Hilliary is a definate three bagger.

Now, many of you liberals who voted for the AntiChrist should think twice in voting liberal democrat/ Be smart and vote more conservative . Go right not left. Left is hell and right is heaven.More Bible Bashing going on from the tolerant ones

Their ALL Liar's Today !

" At this point what does it matter what she thinks." As she would say after embassy killings.

The next group that needs to fight for equal rights are people who practice Polygamy. Why shouldn't men or women be able to marry multiple partners. Homosexual marriage means that marriage as we know it will be no more. As a matter of fact why not make marriage a contract that needs renewed every 10 years. We could save a fortune on divorce lawyers.

Anything to try and look more appealing in 2016. It wont work Hilliary will NEVER be the president of the United States. However I do hope dumbocrats put her up there so GOP can thank them for handing over the election.

No big Surprise here, I am sure Bill and Hillary had plenty of threesomes and such when they were in the White House. It is amazing what they will do for a vote,One day you see it as a sin and the next your evolving like President Barry !!!!!!!!!!! I am sure that poll was taken in the Northeast.

It's been rumored for years she is bisexual, so this is to be expected. Plus, she might be sharpening her claws for a 2016 presidential run.

If I was married to Hillary Clinton, I would stongly re-evaluate my gender interest for a mate.

the #$%$ are showing  who they are    ...not very smart

C'mon out Hilary, we have all known for quite awhile.Hillary was not good at being the Secretary of State and she thinks she could run this Country?  ROFL - what joke she is, just like Obama is a joke.

Hillary says "What difference does it make to Benghazi"  But thinks she should Speak out about Gay marriage.  After her denial of importance regarding the death of our ambassador, I really don't care what she thinks!!

Unlike the bulk of recipients for section 8 housing and food stamps, gays don't reproduce very often.

So it's alright to be perverted, just don't cheat on your taxes.

the economy is not the only thing that sucks

Is there any Democrat that believe in the God of the bible? Please stand up!

Does this surprise anyone that Hillary would support Gay marriage? Really she is going to try hard to run in 2016. Just another useless Liberal that will take this Great Country down the drain even further.

Shrillary, all ready posturing for the 2016 run.  Lining up the gay vote...

politicians will say anything for a vote. she's the most obvious. was she really embarrased by billy boy's behavior with monica, or was it more like an open marriage got revealed there. hillary, like your marriage, homosexuality is a behavior, if you support one kind of perversion you'll have to be in support of the rest.

Would ANYONE Expect Anything Else from her??As one of them would you expect any other position?

I think she could be Gay, poor old Bill had to go elsewhere for love!

You are not the only one sick of the Kennedys ,Clintons and the big mistake Obamas. They are for gay stinky rights and I am against it like God is.How can any human be for this? It is for the gay votes and nothing else. I despise these idiot liberals like I despise a rattler.

is that the old dog and pony in that smokey mirror.we want some one that can speak about what matters.race and gender dont matter to normal voters.jobs, healthcare, food ,shelter, schools.they count .

you folks are into her looks .looks dont mean anything.its who she would serve if let into power.i need a person to vote for that can serve the most amount of people .not the fewest.we have the gop for that .

That woman looks tired and old.

Question to any body.Are there that many qu999ers ( gay) out there that their vote actually maters. or is it that the Democrats will simply take any vote for any reason.

Ya Ya Whatever. Still wouldn't vote in another DEM for the rest of my life !

Hillary supports wharever is politically beneficial! She couldn't care less about gay anything.

Hillary who?  Oh, she's the spinless b!tch who sat back while hubby Bill nailed everything wearing a skirt, and when Juanita Broaddrick wouldn't give in to him, he allegedly raped her.  Hillary stuck with Bill to keep her power.  Typical dysfunctional couple from Arkansas.Hillary announces support of gays getting married. BFD!

..No wonder Wild Bill cats around.....Hillary needs that Hollywood money..

she also came out for husbands that play games with their cigars.....

Obamas primary objective is to run this Great Country down the drain, does he really have any other agenda?

When is she divorcing Bill?

I think Hillary want's to be the first female President to introduce the first lesbian First Lady.

Soon she will come out.

Another lemming gets in line.

Starting her Presidential campaign already.  We are doomed with people like her in power.

Salami legs will do anything to get elected....SHE LOOKS BAD! UNHEALTHY

funny isnt it washington wont obey GODS LAWS yet they expect you to obey man made laws

She just lost my vote, it is not right they say because it is the in thing that is the wrong thing

Sure she changed her mind. Her Benghazi Cover-Up has cost her alot of vote for 2016..Right now her staff is traveling to every cemetary in the country signing up voters..

Hillary Clinton enjoys the Obamaphone vibrator mode.

Well of course she does Billy ain't licked that big ol' axe wound in quite a few decades.

Is this a recent picture of Hillary?  I hope so.  She looks really good in it and she has looked bad for a while.

Maybe her and Janet Reno can finally tie the knot.

It would be nice to see all these democrats as voiceful about something actually worth wild like fixing the economy and jobs. I her case even know what happened in Libya  would be nice.

what a shocker, eh?clinton has already showed her incompitance as a elected official when she let 4 americans die in libya by not doing her job.then sending susan rice out to lie to the american people about it stay gone hillary we dont need your two cents worth of anything.

There goes one of the best liars in government today and why not, she and her husband are both liars and for years that's all they have done is lie,lie, and lie. That's their core belief and making money at it as well. "What difference does it make" it was only four Americans that where murdered in Benghazi on my watch and who the hell cares as long as we can blame some one else that's the way to do it. Now she wants to be president, GOD forbid. and that's my opinion.

Guess she and slick willie changed their minds since he was in office.

Gee, what a shock that a democratic presidential candidate would say or do anything for votes.

When this next election comes around, you will see the Republicans courting the gays and at least those running,  for gay marriage.  Their views on immagration will have changed 180 degrees to having open arms for those who are "here".  You simply cannot #$%$ off the biggest percentage of voters (African Americans, gays, hispanics) and have a viable party.  The all white male oriented party (as it has been) will be a thing of the past.  What you have said in the past (recorded in print, video, or spoken word) will have absolutely have no meaning to your current run for office.

You know your slow when Republicans beat you to it.

Bengazi is not over yet you snake.  Off to jail you go. Im sure the four familys that will never see their loved ones again would love to see justice prevail. Say hello to Monica for me. Ha Ha

Good she finally coming out

Classic Clinton move...whichever the polls indicate. No Core Values!

And this is a suprise how?I'm surprised she was able to make it to the podium without a medical problem.

Gonna need that for votes.

Tells about the lack character elected officials have in this country regardless of party and will change their beliefs for the vote, be it right or wrong.

She wishes Bill would turn gay, that way he could see what it feels like to take it in the butt like he did to the country with nafta and some of his other policies...

HARDLY ANY CHRISTIANS LEFT IN THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY, (oops) i mean the progressive party

Hill, the closet [L.]esbian, wants to stem attention away frm the upcoming Congressional questioning of the 30 survivors of Benghazi, at any cost, in any way.

She came out of the closet to make the announcement.

if you think this 'gay marriage' stuff is a joke - wait 'til we get to 'gay divorce.'  the grounds should be interesting.   'incompatibility'?  well, who would have suspected that?

She is an absolute joke. Americans were murdered in Bengazi under her watch &amp; she thinks her opinion matters about gay marriage?! This is jsut politcal granstanding. Another bobblehead.

Don't you get tired of seeing her and all the other corrupt people in power?Her skin is good enough to make seat covers for lawn furniture!

More "social proof" for the ignorant.  Hey "gay" people...you're idiots voting for these people.  Soon, you'll be in the camps with the conservatives and constitutionalists if these progressives get their way.

Oh Please Already with the Gay Thing, We have much more Important Issues than this to take care of in this Country !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Wow, all the liberals are coming out in favor of gay marriage. Who would have figured?

She also supports the killings in Bengazi too.

Someday, she will have the balls to come out of the closet.

Democrats = pure evil

So what? She is as relevent as Palin. Neither hold a public position.

What difference did that make.??  Whooopie! Big Deal. Maybe the talking heads on TV and Lesbians and the 'no so manly' men. may find something of value.....Most of the population is more interested in an 8 % Official Unemployment and not the 3 % that have gender identification problems,

Has she been sleeping with Portman? Lord. I hate "conswervatives"..................they're all coming out of the closet, wonder what's the reason leftists love killing babies and promoting homosexuality, a devil worshiping club maybe

another stinky fish flop!!

Hilary is exactly like Obama.  They weren't in favor of gay marriage until they needed voter support.  They say they are in favor of it, but deep inside, they are not.  But it goes deeper than support for gay marriage anyway.  These two are willing to lie about ANY issue to get a vote.  Those aren't the kind of people (liars) that should be in charge of any part of this country.

Will Hiliary announce that she supports monogimous marriage between two PEOPLE regardless of sex, that the spouses remain faithful to each other, that they will not engage in extramarital affairs that prove to be an embarassment to each other and their families? Or will this be a commitment of convienence, a simple and transparent pander for votes? I'll pick option 2.

"A popular social issue" with whom?

First Bill, now Hillary. These two don't care about anybody's rights. Will the American public ever see thru these two. They do not care about you, they only care about what you can do for them !

She's not so much announcing the she supports gay "marriage" as she is annoucing she'll be running for President.

Hey Hillary! Who cares and to quote you "What does it matter?".

Way to stay in the news Hilary.  I thought she said she was taking a long break.

say anything for a vote.  the US government really should have NO say what so ever if two people want to get married no matter who they are.  its a waste of time and energy to debate this topic.  that also goes for abortion, let the courts decide.  asking a candidate if they are for or against it is ridiculous.So, Gay Marriage again eh?  Anything to keep our mind off the economy, the 16 Trillion debt, and other more pressing factors.   No country has ever fallen because two butt pirates could not get married.   But, excessive Debt and a failing economy and weak defenses cause countries to fail quite often.

Why wouldn't she, It has been a know fact for the last 20 years that she herself is Gay !!!!!!!!

let the pandering began. she'd sleep with the devil, oops sha already does that, ala bill clinton to secure the coveted demo'c candidate slot. what a political #$%$!

Clinton sucks rotten eggs ,so what!!!!

Why is it everytime they do a story about Hillary they show a photo of some guy?

shocking.

Well this is certainly not a surprise. The woman has a husband she doesn't even live with anymore. So it makes you wonder if she's not gay herself.

Well there is a surprise! another Democratic presidential hopeful getting on the bandwagon. this is about as big a surprise as the sun coming up tomorrow.

well there!

Looked at the polls, says I should be for gay marriage. "I am for Gay Marriage" she announces.Sea Hag Lives!!!!!

So what is news about this ? The whole country knows hillary is a pedophile gay lib. What would you expect her to say about gay marriage? That its an abomination before God and man?

Thank goodness for Aids......... the new virus isn't treatable Good deal.  USA needs more asylums to lock these sickos up

Don't be fooled America! Politicians support causes that will get them VOTES. It does not mean they believe in what they are saying but they know if they don't support a particular hot button issue, they stand the chance of not getting elected/re-elected in the future.

She coming out of the closet?

What woman would want to marry her?

Quick, someone make a list of Hillary Clinton's major accomplishments. Being a political hack doesn't count.

Coming from her,it does not surprise me a bit !

This is news?

No surprise....Hillary Clinton is just one more stupid liberal monster to be added to all the others.

These libs have gone buttbanging crazy!

I dont agree or support gay marriage,I also would not keep Gay people from equal rights (marriage)With that said I also Greatly dsagree with special classes of people who get rotection of the law that others dont

looks like a fish taking the bait.....

Go away Hillary,..and take Bill with you....

She was going to take a long break , oh well just another democrat still lying to the american public , campaighing for votes early. If she messes with the o butt hole he will put her in a fema camp first........

at this point  what difference does it make. she should be in prison over Bengazi!

she's a goof, she needs their votes, when she run's in 2016.

Its only difficult to be against it if you are moral, believe in the bible, have an agenda that makes you dislike being forced into acceptance of deviance for the sake of political correctness..Ask your selves who is setting this "political correctness"  You will have your answer. Marriage is between a man and a woman and needs to stay that way...Religions that recognize anything else are distorting the bible.

How disgusting, one night in NYC some friends and I went out for nice dinner, after a awesome dinner we came out of the restaurant I turned and looked to my right, to see 2 gay males making out on the sidewalk. I PUKED, my awesome dinner right up. These 2 individuals just destroyed my evening and a awesome dinner. Keep your sexual preferences in your own home or better yet, seek medical attention for your mental illness.well duh.

Isn't that a big breaking news story?

Hey DEMS anything for a vote. what happened to this countrys moral and believe in the Bible. I am sick of hearing about gay rights. As far as I am concerned they have the right to shut the hell up and get back underground.

Just another sign Jesus is returning. He said it would be like the days of Lot when He returns. Sexual immorality was running rampant in Sodom and Gomorrah as it is in the USA today. Remember what happened to Sodom and Gomorrah? God rained fire and brimstone down on those two cities. America we are now being judged and there is more severe judgment to come. Read the book of Revelation and understand that these judgments are coming very soon! Praise Jesus!

i think shes gay not not comming out

See how the media keep pushing and driving these minor and yes unimportant issues as the big picture while either ignoring or framing them as championing FREEDOM and PROTECTION! Nothing could be further from the truth!Heres the big story people! Crete is TAKING 10% right out of peoples savings and Italy may be right behind! Why, its a liberal idea that is coming our way! Its only a matter of time before our 401's will also be nationalized!Yet we keep hearing how they are the party of the people and freedom! Nothing could be further from the truth!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!What distinguished America from the world was that this nation understood that their was no freedom without economic freedom and we respected and honored the success and talents of the individual! YES, YES our society was not always fair to all but Give it the death it deserves, those days are gone!!!!!!!!!!! Now do people still have problems, still experience unfair actions? YES, but problems are a part of life no matter who you are!!!!!!!!!!!!! No? Guess what is now the big rage in Brazil? Racism! And why, to get power for liberal politicians through party slaves!I am against the power grab 11 million latinos will hand the democrats! Yet, their vote will create the vary societies they left in the first place while destroying mine.People would give up everything to come here just for a chance to be an individual and a chance to build for ones own families, not so anymore! People remember crying when they first saw this land and what it meant, today we are always attacked as a joke or come and lets get ours!This is the America our socialist and ignorant media has championed for 70 years and its party!Listening to Hillary talk about gays as I type and I strikes me how just a few years ago she and her hubby were against it! They stand for power and tyranny and will do anything to get that power so they really always stand for nothing else as this proves!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Was not called National SOCIALISM, the Soviet SOCIALIST Republic, or all those the peoples Republic's for nothing and what was the same through and through?

Well, at last she and Bill have something truly in common, they both like p*ssy.

Of course She would. Is this news?

Now I understand why President Clinton played in someone else's sand box.

She is starting her Presidential Election campaign a bit early.....Hillary has formally joined the list of those who want power and condone evil to get it. Surprised? NOT! Will tolerate the gay lifestyle but NEVER condone it.

Don't let little things like self respect, morals or decency get in the way of votes. How sad.

I would rather legislate my morals than other peoples perversions.

Lesbians should be locked up with a real machoman so they can experience  true love  from a man not a woman.

I would disown my own mother if she was for gay rights. Educate their own children was signs of being gay.if I knew my boy was a little gay as a child, I would beat the shit out of him and just tell him. Son you have two balls and a little penis. You are a male not a female. Woman do not have that. WOmwn have babis and men do not. If my daughter had signs of being gay, I would just beat the shit out of her too. You are not a man, you are a woman. Man have balls and you do not.

Like any Typical career politician, they go with party lines, big deal...all the democrats want is the votes, they don't actually feel or care about people!!! What is funny though is how they think they are being so caring, lol...like the people are not smart enough to see through them!!! Her and Obama lied about Benghazi and are still lying, trust these people with our lives...don't think so!!!

Well of course she does! Why is this news? Hillary is an embarrassment to all women!

Why not, she's gay and married.

My eyes, my eyes, I'm blind!  Good Lord, what a witch!  Who cares what you think Hillary.

Most people don't care what the witch and cold-blooded liar Hilary Clinton thinks about anything. We want the truth about Benghazi!She also approves of abortions, and refuses to tell us what went on with the killing of Americans at Benghazi.

4 murdered Americans in Benghazi... "What difference at this point does it make"... Hillary Clinton

People don't choose to be gay.  If 2 gay citizens wish to be married it should be their right as US citizens.  They pay taxes too and are subject to all the responsibilities of citizenship.  If a religious group doesn't agree then that is between the gays and that religious group.  Not between gays and the government.  Not between the religious group and the government.  Keep church and state separate.

Announces? Hell, we all knew her stand when her pseudo-husband Bill was so pro-gay in his '91 election campaign. She voiced support for it then. She's just pandering for popularity to distract people from her guilt on Benghazi.

i dont think she could win.but the gop being as bad as it is she might be  a close winner.

who's fault is it..dumb bicth

Now there is no dout she will run in 2016 GOT TO HAVE THE #$%$ VOTE

Wow, her and Obama on the campaign trail again.  Her, campaigning for 2016 and Obama.. well, not sure what's he's campaigning for.

I guess we are supposed to care what her opinion is and model our lives after it..............................................................NOT !

She just made the announcement?  Where was her opinion when it mattered?Bill denounces his support a week ago and now Hillary supports it..Politics..

Well she does look like an old dike

Does this suprise anyone?

Thank God! Now Chelsea doesn't have to live a lie or be forced to produce a grand child for Bill to play with.......Cigar anyone??

And so another campaign run for the white house begins.............

HOLYFUCKI can't believe it, who would have thought ?

Of course she does...it would be uncool to be otherwise.

Oh then if this moral compass says it's O.K. it must be! Anything for future votes. If anyone is interested the body count of people asscociated with the Clintons stands at 41. Ruthless people that only care about one thing...power! Willing to remove anyone that stands in their way. It takes a village to raise an idiot. There is a village somewhere looking for theirs! I guess Libya and her involvement in the deaths of American citizens is behind Hillary so she feels as if she can start the campaigning now. What does it matter NOW? Don't forget those words! Never let Hillary forget that it mattered to us!

Wow what a surprise. These politicians are jumping on the band wagon while its still the in thing to do, all while selling out their morals and the futures of the countries children. I will reserve my vote for who ever isn't afraid to stand up for humanity and human decency

Why is this news?  Liberal politicians switch views to match public polling all the time.  Remember John Kerry's "I voted for it before I voted against it"?She is unbeatable IMO.  The media loves her just as much as Obama and will hide and distort all economic truths that will be there.  I mean we are still at 8% unemployment and they make Obama out to be some genius.  Oh well, good thing I have a good job and good skills.  I just feel bad for all you people that live in states that are really hurting because it is not going to get much better with these people at the helm

Democrats are usually Gay, where's the news.

The gay indoctrination continues. Next up, gay quotas for jobs and everything else.

" What does it matter " Please go away, out with the old guard in with the new.

They will do and say anything to get votes. Liars should not be trusted.

How shocking ! A SOCIALIST...ERR...LEFTIST...UHH...DEMOCRAT running for office announces they support Gay Marriage. A.P., get a life and report some REAL news for a change!A.P.: HEADLINE - Sun rises in East, Leftists Astounded. ALSO: World Round, Socialists Shocked at Revelation.

And amnesty to all the illegal mexicans

as much as these sick pieces of sht try to force their way of life in normal peoples faces the more people will fight back. its a mental sickness like dementia or psychosis. a buthole is exit only not used for reproduction in any species of animal.

Why is this news?

Thank you Hillary!24/7, 7 days a week, 365 days a year, decade after decade... it's the new election cycle. IT NEVER ENDS!!!

stay out, leave it to the states and we the people . we have to pay a with it. So stay out and let us vote on it

Gay's so ardently declare their sexual orientation to people that don't really care that it makes me wonder if they are trying to convince themselves that it's ok to be gay.

ok seriously is anyone suprised? really?

Damn... she's already running for President. Please... go away!

The only issue she has to worry about is those survivors from Bengazi talking to the media.

These #$%$s have gotten to everybody (except me)!

Homosexuals make up less then 2% of world population, But here in liberal controlled America, Homos controll the democrat party.

where are the JOBS!!!!!!!!!!!!!

And here I thought I could get through one day without seeing a pro gay article from yahooThe LGBT "community" only encompasses about what? .00010% of the population? I've never heard so much garbage being stirred up by such a miniscule part of the population. It's ridiculous!

So to be president you now have to support sex perverts.  Not good.

This #$%$ should be in jail.  Instead, she thinks she's going to be President.

A wackadoodle liberal promoting immoral behavior is not news. SSDD

Is she going to ditch Bill for Pelosi or Janet Reno?

Homosexual conduct has never yielded a single human being.Heterosexual conduct (or medical replication) has produced every human that ever existed.For those of you keeping score at home, it is Heterosexuals ahead 100 Billion to 0.The mathematical numbers 100 Billion and the number 0 are NOT equal, and society has NO obligation to pretend they are.

Is this a surprise from a LIBERAL DEMOCRAT? Pandering for votes! Will it EVER STOP? Our country is rapidly losing all morality and going down the toilet! There is NO SUCH THING AS A GAY MARRIAGE!

She probably figures that Bill has treated their marriage with such disrespect that it doesn't mean anything anymore........

What a great lady this is 'RIGHT' wake up people.

"Hillary Clinton announces support for gay marriage"Spring time means time for Flip-flops!wow, i am shocked ! never would have expected this !  great news coverage as usual yahoo.

Hillary's visage has the effect of encouraging the 'lifestyle'no matter what she says or releases to the press.

"BREAKING NEWS!!"

Hey Hillary have you heard, women can't even stand your lying butt hole.  I'm a woman and you make me sick.  I'll be voting for Christie the Great.

Hey Hillary, how come your daughter never bothered to serve her country?  Hypocrite lying hag.

From this DUMB BROAD, this is really nothing Unexpected..............

The Clintons used to be two of the most vocal, anti-gay marriage Democrats you could find -- and they got votes on it. They had that position to coalesce voting blocs. Now, Mrs. Clinton has just done a 180, and nobody's gonna call her on it.

Hillary, Whats her name and have you set the date?

she was against it before she was for it.

She has to have something to look forward to after life with Bill.Difference between "civil union" and "marriage"? Semantics.

Lol ! I remember when Her, &amp; Her Husband, Were AGAINST Gay Marriage, Don't You ?

More proof that a presidential candidate will say anything to be the president. Bill and Hillary said it was a sin up until now.

What about pensions ,  employment group health insurance ,  Social Security Benefits , IRS Tax status , Common Law marriage LAW , etc. , etc ??? Lots of questions that are never answered by those advocating and pushing for  LEGAL marriage of homosexuals (or any couple of the same sex for that matter. Whether they be straight or not) , BUT lots and lots of  Lawyer business for the future.. "In a hand basket folks. In a hand basket."

With the government about to shut down, lets talk about Gay rights. So when people do not get their Social Security Checks, get paid, get laid off, and not receive their government assistance, it was for Gay Rights. Hey Liberals I do not think your base would support going hungry, miss a check for Gay Rights.

She just wants to stay in the news.

Anything for a Vote!

Who dresses her in the morning?

Her brain so ate up from the booze that she comes up a U-Tube movie. Didn't call anyone during the attack? Think its time for a litlle intervention.....

Fip-Flop, Flip-Flop, perfect presidential material! Get lost old lady - who cares!Some pigs will do anything for a vote.

B J Bill and myself are all for it now that I'm going to run for President----vote for me --vote for me

Well why does this not surprise me? She's nothing but an old "carpet-muncher" herself!

These Slezy, Lying, Politicians will Do Anything for a Vote. They must think All Normal Americans are just a Flock Of Sheep  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Sure she supports it now that she is positioning herself for a whitehouse run.

Well of course she does.  Duh.

looks like HC fell out of the ugly tree and hit every branch with her face on the way down

Who cares what this Bi--h thinks or supports !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Looks like she is throwing her hat in to run for president .What is happening to all our religious citizens who believe in and worship the Lord and our savior ,they are all turning their backs on us in search for the heathen votes.

Like Gomer used to say: SURPRISE! SURPRISE! SURPRISE!hey don't look now, but socialists and liberals are stealing people bank deposits and savings in Cypress....shhhhhhh

You can do anything you want if you vote for me, we will work out the details later.......

I don't really care what Hillary says.  I remember "White Water" and all the other issues still pending for the Clinton's.

If you want to know if gay marriage is coming, this is the best sign of that. Not long ago, it took political courage to take such a stand. Now, more and more politicians can sense the prevailing winds on this issue.  There is NO ONE who can sense the direction things are moving like a politician with their finger in the air.

Being for gays will stop the "whose your daddy" problem since they can't reproduce.

She would, I heard she was Bi-Sexual.

Gay, lesbian, and LGBT citizens are subject to all the responsibilities of US citizenship.  They should have all the rights that any other citizen has.  If a church disagrees, that is between that church and the citizen.  Not between the church and our government.

That's so that she and Nancy Pelosi can get together so no one will talk.

Not sure why this is news.  Every Democrat supports gay marriage rights, especially the ones who want to be President.

What a shocker.Hillary is only trying to gain support of gay (oops, the politically correct term is "same sex") voters for the 2016 election.

I'm having trouble believing that you can be a Christian and a Democrat.

Hey come on people, even Hillary has to get it somewhere.

Can anyone say that they're honestly surprised?  Hillery would embrace #$%$ if she thought it would help her get elected president.

wow, big surprise there. I mean, take a look at her and then the guy she's married to and you'd probably support gay people also.I'm sure she and slick willy have a torrid sex life...oops...musta been thinking of someone else. nevermind...

She just wants to be able to divorce bill and marry Nancy Polosey ,,,It was just a joke so don't you Liberals get all defensive

I agree, looking closer, you can see the left side of her face seems to be sagging as well.

Well she turned her back on the victims of Bengazi, so why not turn her back on her own religion too?

What's her opinion on Benghazi security levels?

That photo of Hillary almost turned me gay but then I saw a photo of Biden and it brought me back.She murdered 4 people at Bangladesh and she wants to run for the presidency?

Yeah, Hillary, now you have to watch out for Bill, swinging BOTH Ways. Anything to get away from you.  So, when you going to support Polygamy??? Marriage with animals??? How many VOTES you aiming for??? When enough complain????

Brainwashing.... This is about population reduction.  They want everybody gay because they want to reduce population.  Long live the Duggars!  No, seriously, between all the support in music, media, yahoo, and everything for gays - and the promotion of the lifestyle (even calling it gay which means "happy") they are working a Eugenics dream here.

NO voting for you until you come clean on Benghazi.

2016 liberal positioning!

when she said the lobby cant be done away with she lost my vote.at least obama said he cared .this woman never went that far.all she has done is yak and even though she has served well in the past .we need more.

Obama could have done something about DOMA in 2009...but he didn't, did he?

This is ever-so surprizing. Her values change with whatever odor is on the political wind.

i would like a statement on universal healthcare or funding elections or closing loop holes  or anything that means  a thing we can do something about.you cant pick your gender or color.how about saying anything that matters .we want results not a new same old thing.

Hillary, doing what she does best............ Pandering.Let me show you my shocked face....

All the RATS fall in behind the pied sambo,,,

Bill might want to consider this since he probably isn't getting any from her.

I use to have some respect for Hillary but now if she knocked on my door , I would look out the window and then go back to whatever I was doing before she came knocking ..

I am sure old William will champion the lesbian cause....

She's a lib, always has been. This was never a newsworthy event in her entire life. Every lib is a perv.

i announce support for the removal of hillary clinton and all like minded people from the news,and the country !!

Is it wedding bells for her and Janet Reno?

She looking for votes, another loser.

she looks like she has been rode hard and hung up wetOh no, do we have to start the 2016 presidential campaign already?

Attention Republicans!! Lets play like the demoncrats do.  Announce our support of gay marriage, abortion, voting rights for illegals ,higher taxes for the rich and a bigger giveaway health plan.  We don't actually have to live up to our word.  Just lie like they do.

WHAT A DAMNED HIPOCRITE! 10 yrs. ago both she &amp; willie were against it.

Would not expect anything else from her, and Slick.

all for gays,,b ut not security for bengazi

Who designs her clothes?  Cabbage Patch?

I want to hear someone come out for traditional marriage for once.

" a social issue that is rapidly gaining public approval"   where but at Yahoo News would you see such a stupid statement.  Who is this public who now approves of sodomy?  Thinks it's a good thing?  No one I know...

Most have known for years that she IS AS IMMORAL AS HER HUSBAND.

It will be interesting to see how many people hop off the gay 'band wagon' when the next wave of deadly viruses strike again all because of the homosexual lifestyle.I could care less who or how many people come out in support of gay marriage/lifestyle, I will always stand for Godly morals and principles.This gay marriage thing might work out!  I suggest that a dowery be provided at all gay marriages.  Since they can  not reproduce as a couple they should be given a welfare baby.

Next we'll hear of her planned nuptials with Janet.

What took her so long?  Did she have a poll conducted?

If someone said that she could get more votes by driving nails in her head, she would be at Home Depot this afternoon.

The gays are insisting we adopt the same SSM policies as the 11 countries  (Argentina, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Iceland, Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Spain, South Africa, Sweden) that have legalized same sex marriages.  Why isn't it that these same gays, in a spirit of fairness, are not supporting the practices of 13 Arab countries that consider gay bashing as a sport?

She looks the part.

Because she leans lesbian?

What do ya know, a lesbian announcing support for gay marriage....

"What difference does it make?"   Everyone will be on Obamacare why does it make a difference marriage or not.

Hillary is just getting ready to run for President. She would support the devil if she thought it would enhance her possibilities for office. She was a terrible secretary of state by anyone's account. How sad that we vote for people like this.Sounds like she is prepping for 2016.

What a surprise announcement from Hillary Clinton ( The Co-murderer of our US Ambassador and 3 US advisors in Benghazi, Libya ). Communists always lie..........

My internet friends, I have always been a fan of Hillary Rodham Clinton, just think where the US would be now if she was elected in 08. I think we would have been better off. I believe that marriage should be one women, one man. But this is a free country and no one has the right to force their beliefs on others; if you das get my driff.

She is ugly and probably will divorce bill to marry another ugly woman.

Yep. She's running in 2016. Hope she gets spanked again.

Hillary must be running next time. Trying to get the gay vote

Flip flopper

Of course he's in favor of gay marriage.

Must be running for pres. again.

I'm ok with this. Although there have been constant rumors she is gay, she is not a hypocrite.  Her husband signed the anti-gay legislation, not her.Okay it's official now since Hillery says.... have fun with her blessing.

Getting Ready for 2016.  Will she pick Christie for Veep ?

Hillary is for gun control because Monica blew Bill away...

is anyone surprised  she is going to run for president on the gay ticket

Well she just locked up that voter bloc, next hurdle, minorties and so on. See Mitt Romney, this is why you lost the election, you didn't connect with the people of any group, well except the wealthy.

More free advertisement by Yahoo in support of Democrat operatives. Who on earth would be surprised by a bi-sexual, liberal democrat woman stepping out in support of Gay Marriage?

putting feelers out for a new soulmate

Hillary just woke up this morning and decided that gay marriage was OK. I see that she is still wareing her special glasses that see thru all issues like Bengahzi.

Homosexual agenda tops -- JOBS???????????? Rome is Burning.

Hillary just trying to get some press - thats NOT about HER participation in the Benghazi Cover - Up................remember clinton is a LIAR and her Incompetence got 4 americans MURDEREDDemocrats are the Party of - Liars, Thieves and Crooks.

Rumor has it she's dumping Bill for Roseanne Barr. Not sure if that's an improvement or maintaining the status quo.

No news here move on everyone ne this was coming sooner than later.  Just anoher lying democrat just like bill.

One thing about Dims- they always say what is politically expedient and will get the most votes.  They really stand for nothing and play lip service to anything.

One more step on the path of judgment for America...one more step.

People like Hillary, Bill Clinton and Obama have the ability to lie in broad daylight to the world in front of TV. So this is really nothing for these professional liars.

The demise of great democracies begin when they start abandoning morals and principal to accomodate the fringe element in society.

Who cares what Hillary says?  She's a private citizen now and irrelevant.

Is she ever gonna' go away?

Can you believe several republicans have backed up gay marriage, I guess that just wraps it up for conservatives ideals and beliefs, we are now going to back gay marriage NOT!  This is typical liberal media propaganda especially when it comes to Hilliary the liberal queen which was overlooked by her willing accomplices of the mainstream media in order for them to crown O'blamer as the their politically correct choice for "King of the Libs"!  But worry not, they are biting at their bits to push Hilliary the liberal queen into presidency!  What conservatives really need to worry about is what to do if the mainstream media ever backed a republican!Another Pres hopeful afraid of gay power.

Well, now that it's ok with HER, that makes everything just dandy!  Hey Hillary, nobody cares what you really think!

This is not news, is there anybody that calls themselves a democrat against homosexual marriage?  I don't think so, that is a given because it is a gutless and politically expediente position to have as a politician.

This hag supports marriage even if gay marriage!!!!!!!! She should look to her own disaster as a marriage before she supports any type of marriage.  What a POS!

Always has her mouth open.

Why is it no one see marriage the way they used to?  I could care less if my marriage is socially acceptable or accepted by any of you I love her and that's all that matters.  My marriage is between me and her and has NOTHING to do with any of you.

Another anti Christian, anti morality, anti Bible democrat has spoken!  She would be for abolishing your rights if that would get her a vote!

What would anyone expect from " What does it matter " Hillary ?  Whichever side of the fence that the grass is greener on for the moment is where you will find the Clintons.

Hmmm..........Rumor has it that Hillbilly is...........................................

head line should read ! once again GAYS USED for political gain !!!!God here we go again. She would give away the country if she thought she could be the President.

She kinda fits the gay profile.  Fat, bitter, man hating old bag.

man can't this lady just leave us alone, what a hack.

Wow, I didn't see this one comming.lol

She is a flipper.  Relocating or changing stories whenever possible to sucker the sheeples.  Rapidly changing public approval my butt.

I expect nothing less from the ol' battleaxe.

Tell us Hillary, why did you hide the survivors of Benghazi?

Its amazing how the Liberals/Gays think of equality. Equality is the freedom to live a normal life style with a Mother and Father figure teaching their children the proper ways of life. Those liberals/Gays are ruining equality with there idiotic civil rights and corny ideology of same sex marriage. One is not born gay/lesbian its a choice of life you choose. Don't push this (c)rap down others throats just because you think its equality. You (m)orons are ruining equality.

"If you confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved."Romans 10:9

Another totally useless politician joining the vote scrounging band wagon.Well it's like this, Hillary hasn't been getting any effection from Bill.  And, now she's been watching the "View" thinking, hummmmm, maybe a woman is better!  Furthermore, she's posturing for the year 2016; just hope people remember her irresponsibility in Bengazhi!

of course she does , no real man would touch that cow

Hillary the fat disgusting pig. She is an awful role model for little girls.

Shrillery doesn't have positions on anything, she goes wherever the wind blows.

What about the will of the people don't these people get? The majority of Americans have already spoken about this: We don't want it and no matter how often these white house wannabes stamp their feet, we STILL don't want it.

OMG can't you just GO AWAY already.  I'm so sick and tired of this old lying hag.  Does she seriously think she's going to beat Christie or Rubio.  Christie has a 75% approval rating.  She's doesn't even come close to that.  How the heck do liberals think they're going to win when Obama is going to leave a 20 trillion deficit.  Give me a break already.  Just go away already Hillary.  The country is never going to go back to either Clinton or Bush.  That would be a complete monopoly of the presidency.  People are not stupid Hillary.  Your husband had growing deficit in his last four years, his policies caused the recession.  Let's not forget that you were responsible for Libya and Stevenson's death.  GO AWAY.

Keep this up a disease will be coming so bad half the world population will be wiped out.

The Republicans are going to have to make some major changes if they   want to get elected in office in 2016.  A modern Conservative party has to push aside social conservatism and concentrate on fiscal conservatism.

Too bad Hillary didn't support those in Benghazi that were murdered after they begged for better security

Call me surprised. Bahahahahahahaha. Now she can dump Bill and marry her lover.Oh Yeah, like the issue of gay marriage will help our economy. Who Cares? If gay people want to make themselves miserable by getting married why not? It's not the gov'ts business anyway.

Typical politician,goes with the political win.

Gawd! Why doesn't this old hag just go away? Democrats need new, fresh young-bloods in their party. The kind of people who will be around to see that their children are not indebted for a lifetime and enslaved to the DNC bigwigs and hypocrits like George Soros. If Hillary would allow her husband to have dozens of sexual encounters as a first lady (gov. &amp; pres.), she certainly hasn't the type of character that understands what loyalty is all about. Like all democrats, they will say and promise anything (even if it's all lies) to get elected.

You can't trust an alcoholic to wake up when the phone rings at 3:00 a.m.She proved that already..

Her husband Bill was against it years ago and recently has changed his mind, Now she is preaching pro gay, is this just pandering for votes in her attempt for the presidency in the future or does she really think that gay rights is the right thing to do?

The Bengazi Butch !

Breaking news !!!Fugly  supports Gay marriage -  has no comment on America's  Economic situation ....

She even looks Gay!

Isn't she already married?  That's right to that dirt-bag husband

Ah geez, this is not news, It is one of her party's  platform's main staples, that and OMG a Woman's right to choose. Got news for politicians, I DO NOT BASE MY VOTE ON EITHER ONE OF THOSE ISSUES. The first being I don't care who a person has sex with long as its consensual, and NOT with a child or an animal, civil unions are fine and states should give civil unions the same rights and priviledges as a married couple, marriage is a religious institution and the left is always screaming to keep religion out of governemnt. My personal take on this is gays are being pissy. Abortion is a no brainer, it is the law of the land and as far as I am concerned republicans need to let THAT ONE go!Bill is for it too. If it came sooner Hillary would have been taken.

No Surprize Here....................

ahhh...I'm I at Disney World..see top picure

I find it incredible how all these "yippies" from the 1960s and 1970s eras who are married support gay marriage.  Amazing!

Another woman against God.

When the picture pop up it scared the #$%$ out of me.

Hillary Clinton does not have the authority to justify what God says is wrong.  Neither do any of the rest of us.

Once again politics wins over human decency.

There is a small group out there that eats feces. Hillary do you endorse this behavior?

First off what a shocker Hillary endorses gay marriage...wow really? Support has shifted...I doubt it actually it is probaly more likely that because in the past 10 years we have been bombarded press, movies, etc either about gays or including that we have become numb to it. So in that sense your right it has shifted...if your all so sure you have the support put it to a nation wide vote....BUT you actually have to live with the results...oh and shut up and go away. I never really cared about this issue at all even though on a personal level it isn't my thing, but since they insist on trying to make it mainstream im no longer neutral!This is news?She didn't back gay marriage until recently?Me, a conservative republican, supported gay marriage before super liberal Hillary?Hey liberals... see why we think something else is always going on? What is she really trying to say by this? What liberal does not support gay marriage at this point... is there one?

Surprise New Release.  Really!!!

I support a HAPPY marriage too! But only between one man and one woman!

Is she finally coming out of the closet ?...Naw, it wouldn't be a closet, it would be a licker cabinet.....LMAO Vote pandering at it's finest for 2016 !

"An issue that is rapidly gaining public approval", Really??? Last I checked Americas motto is still "In God we Trust" and God says such behavior is a sin and also not a born attribute!! Dont believe me read it for yourself in the Bible in Romans 1:26-32!!!!

I should not have to accept people's alternative lifestyles.

So, she's finally "coming out"?  We've known it for a long time, Shilllary.  That's why Bill got away with all his affairs.

Maybe thats her real cup of tea and  why old billy boy went else where. Now If you want a secular contract between queens and lesbos for government free stuff fine make your case.  But do not pretend it is a marriage.

This lier wrinkled accordion face better go home for good!!

Satan comes in many forms.Hillary is a closet lesbian, married only for political gain...

With a husband like hers is this any surprise?

of course she does.  this dried up old windbag never had any spine to start with.

It is now vogue to come out for support of gays.  In marrige, in the boy scouts, and any other way they can.  Question is,is it gays supporting gays?

WOW, she gets uglier every day!

She would sell her soul to the Devil if she could

next she'll be ok with marry as many as you want, once again married or not their end will be hell.

WHO GIVES A #$%$!?? How about supporting fiscal responsibility before our country goes bankrupt?  Pretty sure that's in gay's best interests as well.

The biggest supporters of 'gay marriage' are divorce attorneys..

any intelligent person who looks at the facts cant be opposed to gay marriage and i think 90% of all pols are intelligent.  butt he fact that its the dems who are changing there postion while the repubs dont shows you the on average dem voters are smarter than repubsI guess she would endorse gay's , hell Bill is a lesbian , he loves women .

just in time for the 2008 debates - whooops!!

Is this really news?? I thought ALL Liberal candidates/politicians "support" "gay marriage". This current pandering makes me think that someone is DEFINITELY planning a run!

could this be a lie, Benghazi.  I was hoping she would fall off the face of the earth, but it would appear she is running.  What is the reason for the turnaround, I wonder?  Does he support gays for any particular reason?  Something is odd in Disneyworld.  Does Bill support affairs?  Oh, thats right he already did that.  Oh, but everyone forgot.  Oh thats right, he held the highest office in the land when he and others have cheated.  Amazing.

Go away old lady, nobody cares what you have to say.

I am a woman ...I don't knowingly hire or support any homosexuals.   My business would be ruined if I hired those kind of people.  Homos ruin the work environment and NO one should be made to hire thier kind.

Gay people should have the right to be as miserable as the rest of us! Just sayin'......

no surprise here, she is a lesbian.

I am all for Equal Rights for Gay &amp; Lesbian couples, after all they are Americans too.    (BTW I am very straight).      The one thing Lesbian couples don't become involved in and that is the murder of unborn babies through abortions.    Hetro women need to take a strong and long lesson in how not to MURDER Their Own Offspring who has yet to get a voice.

Her husband Bill supports gays as well.  He's always loved watching two strippers go down on each other before they service him.....Hey Yahoo, how about ACTUAL news articles.Quit telling us #$%$ that we already knew.

Another Democrat jumping on the bandwagon,

"rapidly gaining public approval"......I don't think so. I have no problem with gays being a legal couple. Just don't don't call it a marriage because it is not a marriage by its definition. Call it a union or something else.

hey hillary, if its al about love, why not polygamy?  enjoy your slide liberals...

I thought Hillary was leaving public office and wouldn't run for the Presidency in 2016?Still don't think she's running??

News flash. Majority of Americans are still in favor of marriage only between man and woman,

Is anyone really surprised? It would be news if she came out of the closet against it.

The economy is trashed, nuc weapons are threatening, our military is being sized down, we are getting poorer and defenseless and our STUPID GOVERNMENT IS WORRIED ABOUT GAYS AND LESBIANS!!!!!  Leave them alone being gay or lesbian has nothing to do with religion or politics or faith.  READ THE BIBLE it is a Bible sin.  All that can be done is to refer them to the Bible and then shake the dust off your feet turn around and LEAVE IT ALONE.  They, not you or I who are straight and belive in God, will have to answer for them.  LET IT GO get down to the real problems at hand.  If you or the gays and lesbians don't believe in the Bible then still, leave it alone.  It is there it is in their hands.  Politicians and Christians can do nothing.  They have heard the word. Sin is a personal choice.

Punish you children when you see signs of being gay.Tell them.(Male or female) who they are .Educazte them. Mothers , do not treat your boys like little girls.

By the looks at this mug shot and the set of goggles she's wearing she could easily pass for a older age lesbian.  Maybe Bill chasing everything with a pulse no matter how young for the past 40 years made her convert.  She could easuliy qualify for th study on why they're overweight.Here is the issue, it is not a right, it is a law enacted by congress.  So, If you give gays more rights under the constitution then the rest of the citizens you create a special class of privilege which the constitution forbids. Full and equal citizens and deserve the rights of citizenship, marriage is not one of those rights.Congress is the one who made this law they are the ones who should repeal this law, not the courts.The argument presented with this case goes against a precipice interest of government of expanding the tax base for the future and not put in effect rewards for the decline of this interest.

Anything for a vote, typical polititian. Please lady, shut up and go home already.

But, what about abortions? What if 2 gay guys are married and one wants an abortion.  Is that legal?

An immoral person endorsing immorality.  Go figure.

Keep selling that soul Hillary.

And she finished by smoking a Monica juiced cigar given to her by Ol' Willy.

I love you monica you betrayed me for bill.

I could give a rodent's rear less what Hillary has to say.  In my bible, Lev. 18:22, the word says it is an abomination of God.  I'll take the word of my bible over anyone else who professes it to be ok.  If God says it's not ok, that's enough for me.

If the government offered the same benifits to all married or not , we wouldn,t  hear near as much BS about the gay agenda..

It's a crying shame how our so-called world leaders can support gay marriage, prayer being kicked out of schools, abortions by the millions. Forgive them Lord, for they not know what they do.What a surprise ! (sarc.)

I read that gay couples are now seeking to sue the federal government for back taxes and benefits for previous tax returns. They also want reparation for Social Security benefits. This is NOT about civil rights, but $$$.

After what she's been through, I'm impressed that Hilary is for marriage in any form.  The eternal optimist, I guess.

Kinda late to the party for a liberal isn't she?!?

Hillary must be learning from Obama, support it before you did notsupport it to get the gay vote.

This now explains why Bill fools around and why she would never give him up. It would mean that she could not get gay agenda across if they had divorced.

obozo has taught her well,or she is coming out of the closet!!!!!

All I want to know is when they just legalize gay marriage so I don't have to hear about it anymore

Hilly takes great pride in being one of BOZO'S top three stooges, right next to billy for top spot!! She only quit cuz the job he gave her was over her BIG HEAD!!

it must take a gay village...I had a bologna sandwich with lettuce and tomatoe for lunch

I'm sure libertarians are okay with it.

A bought and paid for announcement .  These people have no shame, no pride and no integrity.  They stand for nothing and sell theirselves  for whomever has the right price. The only place I think that this is legal is that place outside of Las vegas.

I'm against it now i'm for it, whatever it takes to get your vote.. I got some swamp land in Florida to sell ya to.. TRust No one with your money or your rights

I figure Hillary is GAY to start with, she lets Bill screw anything that comes along as long as he doesn't let people know that Hillary is probalby Gay

these people will say anything to get elected

Leave it to Hillary to try and jump on the band wagon after it has already left the station.  This moron will do anything to stay in the public eye.  It must be the concussion still talking for her.

ok, lets all get on the Turnip Truck, who will next.............

why is she stilll here?????

Who gives a flying fk what Clinton, liberals, and gays want the rest of to believe.  It will always be wrong.Of course she does and has be make a big announcement!  Like she would EVER go against the party base!

why do liberals make every decision from their groin?

What a shock! Hillary is in favor of homosexual "marriage" and Yahoo is posting articles about it!

No doubt positioning herself as a 2016 candidate. Politicians will do anything, say anything for a vote regardless of the morality involved. Power is the goal.

What difference, at this point, does Hillary's position on Marrige Redefinition make?!?! ...ala her Bengahzi testimony.

If Obama was criticized for waiting so long to take this position, and he was a candidate with a lot to potentially lose, what to say about Clinton?  Isn't she jumping on this bandwagon a little late?  Not exactly leadership when you wait until national trends change.

I wish somebody would kick that old dog in the nuts!

Some people will sell their soul for a vote.

Do I have as much rapport as the communists?

TVA should be dealt out like GM.TVA should be forfeited to U.S. authority.

I wonder what she's doing today.

It is amazing what a politician will say and do if they think they can get votes; do they really believe in anything except getting elected.  Pimp their life for a vote.

This was followed by Bill Clinton voicing his support for gay infidelity.

Does Mrs. Obama support gay marriage?

Who cares what this murderer thinks?  Remember Benghazi, Clinton, and the ones you failed.....Remember your lies, you lying #$%$......and the lives you ruined by your inaction and political motives.  May you rot in hell for what you DIDN'T do.....

why isnt this #$%$ in prison for her role in the bengazzi tragedy......what a waste of air.....

What a shocker! Do you suppose she might be trying to pave the way for the next presidential election? Hmmm.. I wonder.

I knew she's gonna come out sooner or later. Does she look like a blind person now? What's happened?

Keep the distractions going. Divide and conquer.You mark my word this #$%$ is going to run for President the next election.

" a social issue that is rapidly gaining public approval" uhh yeah right.

so the question with trauma &amp; years passed, getting the right messages as in 'why am i getting a message meant for my next door neighbor when she was 16 years old, 60 years later?.

Good.  Now she can divorce Bill and marry a woman.  LOL!

just lost my vote, going be a lot of shaking going on in usa and I will be on top. People are getting tired of all the #$%$.  Matthew 5-17, Do not think that I came to destory the Law or the prophets. All the laws will be fulfilled, This coming from some one who has had a out of body experience, in 1992

So what else is new for people who do not believe/follow the tenets of the Bible.Today, in our society, whatever is politically correct is what many folks adhere to, ncluding Wild Bill and his wife. God created Man and Women, not man/man - woman/ woman to have babies.

She's also against providing Marines to U.S. ambassadors in muslim war zones like Libya so they can be murdered!  Impeach her boss for the cover-up.  No one died from Watergate!

Who could blame her?  Look how her heterosexual marriage panned out ...

Big shocker. I can hardly believe it.

Mudd packers.....I'm waiting for Hillary to say, "I did not have sex with that woman."

Immorality amd the clintons, definite bedfellows.

Is there anyone out there that thinks our economy is maybe a little more important of an issue?  Gay people, straight people, we all need more jobs and less food stamps right now.  We need social security and medicare to be fixed and the deficit spending brought under control.  That's the issue we need to unite over

I'm glad all of the world's problems have gone away so that politicians can work on endorsing  two people of the same sex being able to get married. Whew!

Funny how all the bandwaggoners start to jump on.

Corninthians also states you can sell your daughter.What's your Point ?

Wow, this is a shocker!   Is she also for America, Moms, and Apple Pie??

Politicans will say and do anything for a vote.

support for GAY,S but NO support for our people in Bengahzi,what a joke !!!!!!!!!!!!

She'll support anything for a vote. God does not approve of sodomy and that is what we should care about.Of course she supports gays, she and her ilk want society to be denigrated.

Hillary I'm not surprised at all. Heard you've been munching on carpet for years.

Wow, Hillary is looking kind of rough.

Getting on the gay band wagon does nothing for her wisdom.

Whoop dee fricken do!

REally.  A steaming pile of libtrash is for gay marriage????

The headline should read I am running for president in 2016.

Now, here's a real "earth shaking" announcement!

Hillary Clinton supports Hillary Clinton. She's a liar on her best day.

Hillary, is a DC insider that has never worked in the private sector. She is like Oblamer,no experience and unqualified to be President.At her age she should support any life form remotely capable of reproduction or acting-out the part aka GAYS.

Does her support have any value to anyone. I doubt it.

More after effects from that 'concussion' she had suffered at that convenient time

will the Clinton clan stop at anything to gather votes . . . anything?Too bad Mrs C, that there never will be any such thing as "homosexual marriage".Marriage is between one man and one woman, period.

Is this side effect from the accidental fall before called about Benghazi?

Why would this be a news item?  H. Clinton is a Democrat, and Democrats want all the perverts, degenerates, transgender, and low lifes in their party.

And this, from the Bengazi Butch.

If this is about "freedom" of choice, then remove the benefits of marriage and treat ALL relationships equally.

In the immortal words of Hillary at the hearings on Benghazi" What does it matter now"?

This photo is proof that we should have stayed with anolog and not gone high definition.Find a Democrat who doesn't support gay marriage.. NOW, THAT WOULD BE NEWS.

Who really cares what she supports???  Wonder if she is still supporting Bill???

What makes her qualified to do anything?  Being married to Bill?

Doesn't she need to divorce Bill first?

It aint about Gay Marriage, she could care less. It's all about her.. enough to make you want to throw-up ! ! !

-------I thought it was a given --Now it's breaking news--------Next sky is blue

shocking... surprising...amazing...

Wow, what a surprise. A carefully scripted move by a candidate with no credentials to seize populist positions. As sectretary of state, she traveled a lot..... accomplished nothing, zero, nada, nil... but traveled a lot.

But how does she feel about cigars and #$%$?

Does this mean that Hillary has been in drag all of these years and is that the reason Billy prefers BJs to any other type of sex with women?Well imagine that.

And I was starting to like her.  I'm so disappointed.

Did you notice? Every time you see a picture of Hilary, her mouth is open. Hilary and Mooshel has something in common, large rears.

Stop the presses! Who would have thought this!

Of course!  Now, she'll finally divorce Bill and marry the woman of her dreams.

Ofcourse she is...she's been a closet Lesbian as Bill been a closet GAY#$%$...Obama (100% GAY#$%$ himself) got rid of Clinton's DADT law, nothing new here for YOU Liberal Demon-crats!!!!

Hillary Cliton you are #$%$

Not news.  She will be running for President.  The Clinton's are now covering their tracks for political reasons.  The gay community should reject these phonies.

soon inner-city types will want to marry their I-phone!!!! and you pay for the phones maintenance fees...

Dear LiberalsYou are not trying to ban assault weapons...You are trying to ban instruments of peace...And this is a Revelation??  I Just can't believe it, not Hillary Clinton.

i told bill that gigar would'nt work on hillary.

Who cares...Hillary Clinton is not longer a public figure. She is unemployed. Her opinion weighs no more than any ordinary citizen.

Big Surprise. Arent all Liberals against morale behavior?? I would imagine she supports killing babies also.

I thought Hillary 's future was based in poles. Hmmmmmm

Yes...just continue this destructive path we're on...by our leaders and the lowlife they pandered to....where morals no longer apply....just feel good now...and let the country go to ruin....

The White House welcomed Clinton's announcement, saying it meant Clinton's views on the issue were now in line with Obama's------If I remember correctly, I believe obamah was against gay/lesbians in the beginning, but later switched for more secure votes !!!

Please, no more pictures of Hillary,,,its causing increasing amounts of gays !!!

You know what's hypocritically hilarious? How the CO FOUNDER of the hate group/anti - gay organization known as the FAMILY RESEARCH COUNCIL(an organization who's sole purpose is to advocate against gay rights), George Alan Rekers was caught with a GAY male prostitute after returning from a 10 day European vacation.

Men and women were created physically different for a reason, a change in law will not change the law of nature, or GOD.Oh ,the #$%$ finally coming out !

Since she claims to be a Christian, I think she should have consulted her guide book, the Bible. Obviously she never uses it as a guide. Anything for a vote.  Very sad. No integrity.

Go ahead and bring the wrath of God down on the USA! Don't believe in God? Don't worry you will!

Why should I give a rat's %$# about what this woman supports?

The media keeps trying to convince America, that the majority of Americans are liberal. They are WRONG.

Hilary is a #$%$ diver herself so this is expected!!

If ONLY her parents would have been gay.

The head lesbian speaks

Another America-hater comes forward to tear this country down ... backed by your daily promotion of societal illness by Gayhoo ...

Hillary should tell us about the benghazi cover up.  Why should put so many hours on our plane and she accomplished NOTHING.Hot on the campaign trail !! All liberals are like curbstone pimps !!

What a second, Hillary is still alive!?

Wow, I am shocked.  Guess the 2016 run for the white house has begun.  Lucky us.

I am fine with people personally being against gay marriage, but it is hard to understand why anyone would still want this to be illegal.  Nice to see another high profile enlightened soul.  times are changing.

No ! Really? I'm truly shocked !

Campaigning already....not surprised; that's all they do in DC.

Ok, now we know why President Clinton went after Monika.

Wow, time has not been kind to her.  With any luck she'll have a grabber soon and won't be around in 2016.

hillary on girl. No news there.  She needs to hire out to haunt houses. What a ugly #$%$!

So what. Tell us the truth about Benghazi!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Of course she does! Just like Obama, anything to get votes in 2016!

She is the perfect face to promote gay marriage. Her face could quite possibly turn a man gay.

Who cares what she is for? Why, at this point does it even matter????

typical, change your conviction based on the latest polling data....anything for the vote.

She has been a closet gay herself ever since her husband got caught with Monica.

She suckering for votes, I guess that fits in with some gays.

Why doesn't she get contact lenses?

I'm shocked

Marital Plurality NOW. I have two dogs, a number of close friends, co-workers-all of whom I love very much-I mean - why not? It's all about love right?  Welcome to the 'AGE OF ABSURDITY'.

No shocker there - this woman will do anything to get cheap votes.  Not costing her a dime for this advertisement.Gayhoo !!

GAY GAY GAY GAY GAY, we need another story about GAYS on yahoo.  If we don't have one we can just make one up.  Maybe tomorrow Bill Clinton will support gay marriage.

When will people learn the truth of the homosexual lifestyle.  God has warned us of this terrible perversion.  The truth is 50% of homosexuals will have AIDS when they die. The truth is homosexuals will live on average, 20 years less than the average person. 28% of homosexuals have over 1000 sex partner in their life while the average is over 150. This =is the primary reason for so much AIDS in the homosexual community. The truth is about 30 million people have now died from AIDS and it is spreading in the heterosexual community in the USA. The truth is this horrible plague has spread because of the homosexual lifestyle. The homosexual life needs to be discouraged in the strongest terms possible.

The democrat ant colony are in lockstep with 1963's 45 declared communist goals. Communist goal #26 present homosexuality as normal, natural &amp; healthy.  The goals are their marching orders on how they are to steer the nation. To understand them is to apply the appropriate goal.  They offer nothing but life on a collective farm.

A THREAT TO SOCIETYIf it's unconstitutional to define marriage as being between a man and a woman, why wouldn't it be unconstitutional to define marriage as only being between two human beings? Why not between 3 or 4 or more? Why does it have to be only between humans? Why not marriage between a woman and her horse or a man and his sheep. In that case would it not be bigotry to deny them inter-species marriage as a vehicle for expressing their love? And should not the employer of the woman and the man be required to provide veterinary care for the horse or sheep? Or what about the woman who wants to marry her toaster oven. Would it not be unconstitutional to deny her that right? And who are you, in your bigoted intolerance and hate to tell her that she can't marry her toaster oven because, as an inanimate object, it can't love her back? Wouldn't that be judgmental, intolerant and bigoted on your part? Shouldn't her employer be required to provide appliance repair for the woman's toaster oven spouse, lest the employer be bigoted?

Despicable perversion, nothing less.

So as a candidate for the presidency, she supports a social issue but had no support for the compound in Benghazi, as was her duty..

I know I'm late to this one but here it goes.....she is just planning for her next marriage.

Polls hold up about as much water as do Hillary's comments.  She said she believes it is their god given right, but for some reason I just can't find that written anywhere.

If Hillary runs for president in 2016 Republicans don't stand a chance. Unless Chris Christie runs then I might consider voting for a Republican.Oh that's a surprise. I don't have nothing nice to say about Hillary so I will be quiet.

Anyone surprised by this?

Benghazi Billary is another Loser Joke on America!!

Well what do you expect from Hillary. Hell she doesn't have a marriage anyway.

Is that her new glamour photo?

What about Benghazi, Hillary? Still okay with letting Americans die there for nothing?

Why isn't PETA in this battle.  After all fair is fair and shepherds need love too.

Da  we knew she fell on her head one to many times,

Ol family values

Enough with all this gay #$%$ - heck, I now have to explain tis immoral behavior to my 8 year old because of fricking Kindle commercials.................Liberals will SUCK up to anyone to get their votes. She is a disgrace.

Yeah, watch this.   First it's Gay marriage.  Then they will want government subsidized KY jelly or ANAL-EZ.

Maybe Hillary has a girlfriend?

and im sure she will be the first openly gay president

God said it and if you go against Him. mercy  on  you.  Democrats are not good people. Now you have seen what ugliness they can do. Be more conservative and life can be much better for you.

Well, duhhh! Whats new?? A Democrat would endorse satan if they thought it might get a vote. Oh, that's right, she just did!

This is almost to much to take. The Bible says NO, so why should there be any questions about this!

I just knew that being married to Slick WIlly for so many years would turn Billary gay.

Its not about equal rights its about changing the definition of morality. The gay community wants to push their agenda in schools and society. Once they get their laws then it will be push into sex education in schools.

Does she support letting four Americans die in Benghazi?Hillary has decided to change her name before she runs for president in 2016.  Since it worked for obama, she is going to islamicize her name.She will now be know as SELDOM BIN LAYED.

The morals of this Country are falling and falling fast. Gays should never have the same rights as a Man and Woman. Marriage is between a Man and Woman not between Male and Male or Female and Female. Look at how Europe is failing due to this type of activity. When the American people decide to take back this Country with true morals and conviction, we will once again be the Great Country that we had been in the Past.

Next President of the United States...

She should! Hillary and Bill were the only President and First Lady to both have girlfriends in the White House.

What else whould you expect from old pant suit?

She will never announce she supports the klu klux klan but she will show her support for two men humping each other in the rump ! Do you know how out of wack and ridiculous you and the democratic party sound,  you have lost your minds !!!!!! You are sick and polluted and dangerous to anything that is good and normal !!!!  SICK !!!!!

"At this point in time what difference does it make?"

I still want to know about Benghazi you effin' LOSER.  You are nothing but a PATHALOGICAL LIAR, just like your LOSER HUSBAND.

So let me get this straight... our government forces religions to stop Polygamy but then forces us to allow homosexuality?

You need to see a shrinkGo away

It's not a compliment for the state of the USA that something as basic as equality takes so many years to push through, and that so many people oppose the basics of the US society. The haters won't succeed, they can delay equal rights only for a while.

Tell Hillary to wear that football helmet more often....shes getting uglier by the day

she cant forget janet reno

She Looks Like a Dike!!!! Anything for a Vote, right Dims....

Gahyoooo!!!!

Some things in life are wrong no matter how many people believe it.

What a shock...in three years, when public support is in the toilet for fruit loops, she will be against it. Spineless twit.

Yeah, and her pervert husband signed the defense of marriage act.

I wish she'd just go away. Enough is enough.I thought she was gay anyway plus being married to Bill who seeks after other women for love.

she should she didnt support our embassador or soldiers she is a sad sell out

Of course she would... Liberals have no morals.

Funny thing about Liberal politicians...they'll support anything if it will sucker people into voting for them..

She acts like somebody thats had a head injury.

this is news ? shes just shoring up the Butch and Fairy vote for 2016 .

these days politicians support anyone and anything in return  for votes,..selling their souls is what they are doing

What an #$%$ she did 180 and no one call her out, the both wer for doma in 1996.

That's a lovely thing to sweep the headlines in the liberal media, but can you please get back to why Hillary LIED about the deaths of 4 Americans in something called "Bengahzi", and please stop trying to sweep it under the rug?  Thanks!!

Is Hillary trying to say she wants a female partner and not Bill?She and her "friend" have plans.

Does that really surprise anyone

If the gays want to get married let them.  Marriage is just a money making institution which make people miserable.  Once they get married they won't be so "gay" anymore that is for sure!!!

I think it's funny that anti-gay people they outnumber the gays and the gay supporters yet think she did this to gain votes...  What logic we use.

Ten years ago, the Democrat Party Platform said it was opposed to same sex marriage and supported one man/one woman marriage.   Why would they change so abruptly - votes.  They have no real core beliefs.

I going to start a new sport Hillary tipping.

It is good to hear. We do not get enough of this sort of information.

Please spare me,  I don't like seeing her picture or hearing what she thinks, I want her to go away.

And why do we care what Hillary thinks?

another Dem sucker what else would she believe in surely not GOD !BIG SURPRISE!

I wonder if Hillary would change her mind had Chelsea shown up with a gf?

But can I marry my dog?  What if I covet my neighbors donkey? How many licks does it take for a lesbian to get to the middle of a tootsie pop?

Perhaps it's the morals, or lack thereof, of her husband that is helping her to "evolve".

Divorce Lawyers are for Gay marriage.

Anyone for gay rights is the walking dead. No ifs and no buts.

She can't wait for Bill to die so she can dine on Rosie.

Not one "religion" supports Homosexuality...

What has this country come to?   I mean, we have Hillary here angling to be pres, and her hubby was president before.   Then we got Jeb Bush.  Really? Do we need a 3rd Bush?  Get lost JEB!      No one NEW out there?   haven't we had enough of the Bush's and the Clintons. C'mon!

How about some support for the Benghazi murders ??About 30 years too late, huh Hillary?  It would have been much easier to just artificially inseminate and have your Chelsea than to pretend you like Bubba.

AP please stop writing articles about Hillary but if you just can't help yourselves then please no more pictures of that hag. She and her worthless husband are both irrelevant!

WOW!  Big surprise for someone without any "Ethics or Morals!"  After all, didn't she just say "What does it really matter at this point?" When she was answering a question about her "failure to protect Ambassador Stevens and three Americans in Benghazi!"  It was her responsibility and the POTUS's to ensure that they were safe and let them die a long agonizing death for eight hours while they slept.  They were and are just thinking about themselves and could care less about anyone or anything that interferes with them.

I wonder if Hillary has ever tasted a woman?

"What difference does it make?".. Hillary's own words (about Benghazi)

Hillary needs a girl friend.. To replace Bill.

She is married to Bill Clinton. Need I say more?

Homosexuality is a sin. Repent.

gee this was a no-brainer isnt she a #$%$

First off WHO CARES !!! And Second why am I spending time on this subjects !!The crazy bigots are actually helping gays. Their insane behavior just shows that gays need protection and it helps to get laws passed. Thank you bigots for acting like fools and also for the free entertainment.

A stinking liberal opportunist come out for a plan to destroy marriage. What a surprise.

This is news? She's a liberal. Of course she supports this.

US politicians continue to do and say things are are politically expedient and not neccesarily right.

So your saying while she was a Senator of New York she didn't support gay marriage? Because if she did, she would of said it then.Or was it not "acceptable" to be for gay marriage then but now that she holds no office and she can say she is for it?

And who cares? Isn't she just a private citizen at this point? Yahoo gotta keep her in the spotlight.

I like the "no glasses" look better.

What a surprise you don't want to miss the gay vote Hill. I think she would support people getting married to animals if she could get the votes.

let's get bubba back into the white house!

To put it like gomer would have "SURPRISE, SURPRISE, ........why not have one bigpress conference and have all the  "who's who" in the world "come out".  golly gee.Rumor has it, she immediately left the gathering, and ran down to a 7/11 and tried to get change for a 3 dollar bill?

why is it that the#$%$ seem to think that we HAVE to accept them?

She is just glad that Billy boy has a Boy friend, yes BF Democrats.

Gays need to get back in the closet asap. The sight of them is polluting the visual esthetics of this once-great nation!

For those of you who contend that there is still a religious argument to be made, this is from one of your own: "Speaking before an assembled crowd at Grace Cathedral, an Episcopal church in San Francisco, Rob Bell, an avowed evangelical who has been called the “heir to Billy Graham,” responded to a question about his personal views on same-sex marriage with a firm endorsement of the right to marry. BELL: I am for marriage. I am for fidelity. I am for love, whether it’s a man and woman, a woman and a woman, a man and a man. I think the ship has sailed and I think the church needs — I think this is the world we are living in and we need to affirm people wherever they are." Looks like your religious arguments are getting weaker and weaker.

Well of course she does !

So what, who cares what she endorses. Since they are calling this an equal rights issue does that mean that a traditional church that is opposed to same sex unions will have to perform same sex unions or have the church buildings availible to them?

First time a Clinton has told the truth even while under oath...

God punishes invaders, land and oil thieves and bully nations in mysterious ways !

Another politician buying the gay vote.Yep looking like there not going to be a lot people going to Heaven.  All those who accept Gays are going to have to answer to God.  Doesn't matter if you don't believe it or not, the fact remains and that is God is real and we will all be judged.  At least I am letting you know that so that when I am judged I won't be judged for accepting abomination.  I don't forget the crimes she committed in Benghazi and the dreadful Obamacare, and her poor effort to revive our economy.

"Over 100 repubs (house and senate) asked the Supreme Court to overturn California's ban on same sex marriage.Repubs....what will you do?

Hilly is a lawyer through &amp; through. (besides being a terrible example to today's independent woman, motherhood, wjifehood, and she's ugly as a DOG!! IJust retire and find a girlfriend!!

Actually, this means she is coming out....

So, Bill IS gay. Well, good going with that.

Democrats will support the murder of their own children if it secures them more votes come election time. Abortion, Gay marriage, Illegal Immigration, Unions, Criminals, Bailouts, Welfare, Unemployed, Occupy Wall St losers, etc.

Pay no attention to Owe-bama Administration spending our children into Slavery to China.  Talk about  some nonsensical topic like gay marriage...

What do you expect from a "kitty" licker......this is not news!!

All the politicians will support anything if it means more votes for them.Can't trust any ot them.

She cares about gays like she cares about Benghazi.When did anybody say a #$%$ is not a citizen? The issue is not rights, the issue is being #$%$, which the bible condemns, What we need to do is pick a country/state and put all #$%$s in that state/country and let them make there own laws, don't push your #$%$ness  in this country. OH! Hillary is ugly, can you image looking at that for four years?

This lady can do whatever she pleases. However DO NOT think you can claim to serve or worship our Creator because you are a bold face liar.

Joe is going to run haha, he better not even waste his moneyand tell that old dope smoker that marriage. Is between a man and a woman, what the hell is this world coming to!!!!!!

As all have said, "What a Surprise"!!!!!  Sometimes I wonder if she is "gay", whenever the mood swings, that is what I will support....

Even though she does not believe in same sex marriages she will support just to get the votes for the White House in 2016  She is such a hypocrite!!!!!!!!!!

If homosexual "marriage" is what they want, then why ...... the need to force homosexuality in the schools (overriding parental consent and concerns)?... trying to muzzle freedom of religion and expression for religious groups?... use taxpayer monies for sex change operations?... harrass, bully and physically attack those with differeing opinions?... the quiet effort to lower the age of consent?... tax monies thrown at homosexual political organizations and advocacy groups?... homosexual teen organizations not informing parents of their underage child taking an HIV test?... redefine words to suit thier needs?... rewrite history?Lets face it, this is all done to say to decent Americans "Accept our way of life as being normal or else."  Please take these actions as an attack on civil liberties of decent Americans.  Don't vote for another leader of morons.

What a shocker ole leather face supports what ever makes her look good..................

I find it interesting that Liberals condemn Sen. Portman for backing gay marriage only when a family member came out, but praise liberal Democrat politicians for supporting it only after it was obvious more voters preferred than opposed.

Bill has been trying to get her to come out of the closet for years....interesting when you hear some of the stories from reporters in DC about the early days.

entertainers,tv personalities magazines, smears, campaigns must signal some sort of question for guidance with.  those like schools may figure by the year; but a number of persons are seizing that years money &amp; depicting it to a month, the time you got the money.  all this mess over a few bill collectors, a handful who seriously need only cash but mainly for business to make change.When is she actually going to come out?

My family is not voting for her! Gays can live together as partners, but do not call it "marriage". Per the law of nature, it's between a male and female and to reproduce. Animals follow nature's rule as well. If we go against the nature, it'd be disastrous in the end and will inflict irrevokable damages to the human race. Are we gonna teach kids you can marry pretty much anybody? They may even go a step ahead and ask "can I marry a horse?" Hope the law makers do not make steps just for sake of some votes! Please think before you act!

Hey who care about this issue I dont as long as they dont try to convert me

another moral free  liberal

Democrats.  You either love em' or hate them, I'm for the latter.

nope; wherever you go, picking someone up, standing there, walking by, driving by, that less people now figure they can just stand there around you unknown &amp; stalk you for perks or bugging to get into family mass funding.getting involved in buying contracts with mass funding such as mortgages where you owe money; in several states it is allowed to use your home as commercial property &amp; you as owner not aware of it.  that means if someone comes in to discipline you, work on your house they just take right over under the way sale papers are written.  those who plan on you missing a payment by causing itmay also do that, by coming in, writing their own sale &amp; working right around you &amp; charging you rent as the owner.  rotts of ruck on 'one responsible person for sex' with several entities labeling you as 'stupid' because of young students observing while soaking up your heat'

Wish she supported Americans in Benghazi.  We all know she supports her constituents.  She's also for gun control, legalizing illegals, abortion, and any other voting block she hopes to secure.

They say support for gay marriage is going to produce jobs for the unemployed and it will fix the national debt right?

YEAH..WHAT A SURPRISE!!!..ive always thought her to be a closet lesbian anyway.

About time she came out of the closet.Bet Bill wishes you had married a girl too.

I voted for Hillary Clinton in the past, but I won't do it again.I believe both Hiillary and her husband, Bill, lacks morality.Hillary's recent support of homosexual marriage is proof of this.

"Hillary Clinton announces support for gay marriage" (i.e. homosexuality) I'm so suprised, aren't you?

I wouldn't want Hillary chweing on my a  s   s.

isn't that the marriage Bill's in?

Hillary Clinton announces her opposition to the God of the Bible's Word.....

Who in the world would have thunk it?????

BilHillary... Pendulum swings toward some popular issues, and this couple swings with it. Ten years ago they were all against... That isnot call principle. That is political prostitution.

Like every politician out there regardless of part affiliation,  she will tell you she supports anything as long as she thinks it will get her enough votes.  And too many voters will jump in with both feet and vote for her based on this political move...voters in this country are fools.

I cannot see why any sane person cares one way or another if gays want to get married. It cannot possibly affect me so let them do it if they want.the term 'marriage' includes sex, no sex or forced sex or sex only with the permission of another of the same sex.  this is a 'sticky wicket' to say the least; barbarous.  2 of the same sex will probably kill each other, no matter how friendly.  the use of these types of contracts is usually for those #$%$, ill, or designated as not capable to manage their own money, is a form of permanent injunction against others outside the marriage getting family assets through sex or the claim of without another marriage on record.

Who cares?

just in case she has to get married again.

What difference does it make???

Well with that troll looking face all she can get is a butch!

More political BS from a woman that should have no political future due to her botching Benghazi so badly &amp; then smarting off that it doesn't make any difference. She should Keep her mouth shut &amp; throw those ambitions of being president away.

Not surprising.....but good for her!

So, does this really surprise anyone?  I'm only shocked that someone considers this news.

With a hubby like slick Willy, I'm surprised she didn't switch teams years ago.

Anyone who really believes these liars are complete idiots. They dont "actually" support gay marriage, they say they do to get the votes to keep control of the white house. Any normal person can see whats goin on here.As if AIDS isn't enough the next scourge will be so bad it will near wipe out humanity with no cure in sight.  Don't cry out for mercy because you will reap what you sow.

Of course she does, she will support anything that will help her help to destroy the country her and slick willie hate.

This idiotic idea of same sex marriage is the liberals way of destroying this Great Country. Obama has a good start at destroying this country and now this idiot idea of same sex marriage is just another bomb to go off.

clinton and rice wrer to busy in the bedroom to care what happened in benghazi

She'd look better without glasses.She can't run for president with those glasses.

Who cares that you are gay Billary what happened in Benghazi???The truth this time&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;

Anyone who isists that gays are morally bankrupt should look at heterosexuals.  Lets say Jodi Arias.

why doesn't she divorce billy boy and marry her lesbian lover already?

I'm totally surprised. I thought this closet lesbian who will say or do anything (or let anyone be killed) was a bible thumping traditional marriage conservative; which she would become if that was the way the wind was blowing.

Anyone else TIRED of politicians focusing on gay marriage??? I'm WAY more concerned with this horrible economy and this adminstration's budget cuts that have taken away our military's tuition assistance and placing jobs on furloughs! Politicians: quit worrying about what Hollywood wants you to do and focus on the real issues!Not that I cared for her much but I'm sorry to hear she's not with God. Maybe they'll name their first baby after her, OH wait! Never mind she wouldn't understand.

She seriously needs some more beauty rest!

Who gives a damn what this stupid ugly #$%$ thinks about anything?

Looks like Hilly is getting all her ducks in a row for the next presidental election.  What a shock that she will probably run., otherwise why would she bother to promote same sex marriage. If she was just another citizen, this would not be news.

As a gay are you not insulted by these politicians

We may have to import sperm from China everyone wants to be gay, if your anythingelse you will sooner or later be deported.

She changed her opinion based on poll numbers.  Gays are equal and have all rights all citizens do, but gay relationships are not equal or the same as marriage and that is why it is illegal in 40 states

Let's all throw right and wrong out the window and support those things that may help get us elected.I believe that gays deserve respect, and whether or not they can help who they are, a gay relationship is not and cannot be the same as a marriage between a man and a woman. I do believe that civil contracts between two individuals are one thing, but due to reproductive biology, there is a distinct difference and that difference should be recoginzed.

She's BUMPED her head again

yawn........what else is new in the political left?She also supports husbands cheating on their wives.

That's like illegal immigrants being in favor of asylum.

Hey Yahoo, how about ACTUAL news articles.Quit telling us #$%$ that we already knew.

Hillary has brain damage, she should take up coloring and stay out of the news.

Clinton will support anything if it will get her put into a position with more power. Sexually

I'd go gay too if I we're married to Willy.

No matter what the news is she's got to be part of it. Nothing like going back on your word, maybe she wants back in the White House. What a joke....

I wonder when she will come out of the closet?

Of course she does--poor, poor debauched Hilary, unrequited ambition run riot. So much education--so little integrity.

2 reasons for this:  1.she wants the gay vote when she runs against dr. sam carson for president in 2016. and 2. she intends to marry oprah winfrey.Well she should get the backing of #$%$ Mitch McConnell and Lindsey Graham...

And this is news why ????

That's good becaus this woman is the best excuse for homosexuality that I've ever seen.

Isn't her kid gay? Or is it her?

If the bigots are going to stop gay marriage they need a better plan. Acting stupid isn't doing a thing.

If blue shirts on Thursday are popular, she'd be for that too.Please media moguls, one #$%$ in the white house per century is enough.

that's why bill was always out whoring.

What does Hillary and Bill know about marriage?

of coursse we do not want to talk about the death of the ambassador and 3 brave americans, but will certainly sleep better toniight knowing this fact.

I just wish they would avoid future similar issues and include marriages between siblings, all close relatives, multiple marriages to account for bisexuals and polygamists and shepherds.  Fair is fair!Well of course she's for Gay Marriage, her hubby cheated on her.

This should net here about 30 votes...

This board is infested with Teabaggers so just write some lame joke about Monica Lewinsky or a snide remark about Obama, and you'll get 1000 thumbs up by suppertime tonight.

ROFL - I voted Democrat because I love the fact that I can now marry whoever I want. I decided to marry my horse.

Oh my FG stop with the gay chit already. Nobody cares about the filthy gays!

Oh look.....another Democrat backing the perverted lifestyle.   What a surprise! No matter how many fall in line...the fact never changes.....its a sick perverted lifestyle.

This country is turning into #$%$. gays f'ing gays, what's next gays f'ing dogs and getting married to them?

Thank you Hillary. I'm a christian and I think this should go ahead and pass. As everyone says; "It's in the Bible, it's a sin". Well then I guess robbers should never be allowed to get married, committed involuntary manslaughter (Thou shall not kill) no marriage, and lots of other sins mentioned in the bible.  If two Atheist can marry and raise their kids to be Atheist is that any worse than Gay Marriage?  Let's move on with more important things to help America out than this argument.

She is wrong. God is against same sex marriages. Can a man have a child by another man? Can a woman get pregnant  from another woman?W

WHAT A DAWG!!!It's none of my business what other people choose to do in their lives.As long as they can find much joy and happiness in this very short time we are here is all that matters to me.

She lied about What really happened in Libia but the truth is about to come out.

And in other news...Bill Clinton still insists that he never Had sex with that woman, and now we know he meant Hillary!!! Good move Billy, you don't know where she's been!

Considering all the other perversions Hillary supports, this is no surprise.

Which ever way the wind blows...

Odd how the media is giving her a complete total pass on changing her position after she's resigned from public office?So you opposed what now you support, Hillary?

Its bad enought to let homosexuals legally marry , but then let them adopt children to mess up thats something else .

Ahh, a progresive #$%$ from way back.

Typical Dem changing stories...first she was against it..now shes for it....

I don't know anybody that has one half a brain who doesn't think everyone should have equal rights...the objection is these liberals and gays want us to except their lifestyle.....ain't gonna happen.This is news?  #$%$   In a unrelated story today billary wiped her #$%$.  Who cares

Gosh... Shocked that a liberal Democrat politician is all in for gay marriage.

While we are trying to disarm you, the Gays can wed.

the problem is the people who are afraid of gay people think if you are for gay marriage you will become gay or are gay....the fact is anyone afraid of gay people are not secure with their own sexuality

And I thought I could get through the news this morning without reading another "gay report".

It's good that Hillary has finally come out of the closet.  The rumors are apparently true that Chelsea was the product of artificial insemination, a tactic often used by rich lesbians.

Really???????  In other news, it will be dark outside after the sun goes down........

stopping gay marriage is just a ridiculous waste of time and resourcesthe ban on marriage isnt going to stop people from being gay, and it isnt going to stop gays from coupling up, so why bother with the ban?

Already campaigning for President, are you Hillary?  Well, there is some unfinished business  you have to take care of first.  The Benghazi murders.  It is not going away. Just today we found out that the eye witnesses have been hushed by The White House. We will see you in court.  You may not make it to the campaign trail.

And tomorrow if the opinion polls show otherwise, she will have that stance.She proved she can't take care of an emergency call in the middle of the night and Neither can Obama.

The old Hag needs to go back under the rock from whence she came.

I think Hillary is gay. Just look at her, definitely not presidential material. She's a white water liar,Illegally looked at FBI files of American citizens, an probably is complicit in several Murders.

Why don't the democratic party just get it over with and announce they are the party of satan !

Hillary can go ahead and shack up with and/or marry any woman she wants, just keep it to herself since it's a personal thing.

Politicians on BOTH sides of the aisle are coming out in droves in support of gay marriage.  They know there are a lot of qu(e)ers in the world these days, and you gotta get those votes!

Lol.  After skimming the comments, I see it brought out the bible thumpers, the Liberal lovers,  and the haters.

Anything for a vote

It is crazy how we have moved so far in the wrong direction that we have to be accepting of bad things for fear of being called a bigot.

Of course she does, after all her girlfriend is gay.Comming from a flaming lib who couldn't hold her marriage together.  What a putz.

And this surprised who? I figured her to be a lesbo ever since she planted one on Tipper Gore when Clinton won the first time........

Hillary's a carpet muncher from waaay back....

If she is not running for president why do we care about her opinion on this issue?

2001.......the Republicans stated their "Evil " #$%$ about Saddam having WMD and he didn't.2003.......Bush Promised a constitutional amendment to stop gay marriages2007.......Bush's deregulating the banks caused the implosion of our economy in 20072013.......Gay marriages will pass

This announcement absolutely smacked my gob.

She also supports infidelity.  I was hoping she would go away.

Gay marriage is OK.. It's Homosexuality that is WRONG.

Why, are we not surprised?

nothing surprises me anymore. illegals immigrants will become legal citizens EVEN THOUGH they cannot speak English, no college education, just some cheap casual labors fruit pickers, dish washers with no smart brains. No wonder this country is no longer the best in the world. Most intelligent qualified people would rather go back to their own countries LEAVING BEHIND a bunch of stupid people who might run for the US congress.  you wait and see soon there will be legal marriage with their pet animals. What has this world becomes???? Everything will be overrule and turns upside down. You can argue just about anything nowadays and make it a case which is totally ridiculous.Probably the last time Billy boy and Hillary had intimate relations was nine months before Chelsea was born.

Democraps have sealed their fates by going after the 2nd! Goodbye!

I find it interesting that the US was founded by God fearing men and religious Christian men, &amp;........didn't even conceive this topic.  Gay Marriage is not a legitimate request, it's merely a desire of people w/ same sex attraction and secular/non religious people.

Hillary surely has proven this statement true: Liberalism is a Mental Disorder.

This is news?

When you are a woman and look like Ben Franklin you may not be attractive to men.

George Alan Rekers, a prominent anti-gay activist who co-founded the conservative Family Research Council, was caught returning from a 10-day trip to Europe with a male escort he found on a website called "Rent Boy" which is exactly what it sounds like.[UPDATE: The escort now says Rekers is indeed gay, and that Rekers paid him to perform daily nude body rubs during their European jaunt. "It's a situation where he's going against homosexuality when he is a homosexual," the young man told the New Times, adding that Rekers -- who repeatedly asked for a move he dubbed "The Long Stroke" -- ought to divorce himself from his many anti-gay associations.Rekers has a new explanation for the trip. "I deliberately spend time with sinners with the loving goal to try to help them," he said in a statement posted on Facebook.

she looks pretty happy since she killed our ambassador to libya...

I bet Hillary and Janet have a great time together.

It's only gaining approval because of the media saying it's gaining approval.Have Americans vote on it and you will see that most do not approve of that lifestyle.The only thing good about it is they can't have kids who grow up to be whiny men or mannish women.Adam and Steve are going to love this.  The bible sides with Adam and EVE.  She just lost my vote for woman of the year.....  Ewwwww

They already have equal rights, what the far left wants is a re-definition of the institution of marriage.

Who really cares what she thinks?

There were stories of her being gay for years.

What's really funny is if the White Democrat "Liberal" really I mean really , came out with what their true thoughts were, they would never get one vote for even being a dog catcher. But their like all power groups, do anything or say anything just as long as they get the power over people to control our lives. They'll spend their time bending over backwards kissing buttt's for a vote. The old sea witch and captain Bill should just retire, we have enough problems with people elected to office without two has beens running off at the mouth, OH ! that's the problem neither of them realizes their has beens.

In the First Covenant (OT: I Samuel 8) God's people demanded of the  prophet Samuel to give them a king to rule over them like the neighboring peoples.  God told Samuel. "Obey the voice of the people in all that they say to you, for it is not you they have rejected; they have rejected me from ruling over them."   God further explains what will happen as a result.  Today's people are crying for gay rights and gay marriage.  They will get what they want with the accompanying results, for God cannot bless what He Himself does not sanction; and, He has the final say.

The distraction game.....3-5% of people are gay  100% of America is in huge trouble because of bad government!

.Hillary,,please stay off my TV and my internet.   Retire already will ya?  You’re more annoying than the damn Kardashians and Justin Bieber that we can't ever seem to get rid of

She must have fallen and hit her head and forgot what Bill told her to support!  Convenient injuries always seem to make it hard for her to remember what happened with the Benghazi deaths and also where her and Bills white water records were hidden in the white house!  She's also has to deal with why didn't Bill force the unpopular Hilliary health care down the throats of the american taxpayers like Pres. O'Blamer did!

Too bad she can't sound like a leader; for example, in addition to support for human rights here in the USA, she advocates rights for Palestine.  That'd be too difficult, ha ha.No surprise since she's gay herself and why doesn't she come out of the closet, already?  Oh wait, she's going to make another run for President and maybe this country isn't quite crazy enough to elect a #$%$. (yet)

In what ways is the modern issue of homosexuality different from Paul's discussion of homosexual sex in the culture of his time? In what ways is the issue the same? Is the the sin of homosexual sex a greater sin than cheating on your income taxes?

I was Hoping the next time we heard from this pig that it would be her Obituary. BUT NO! She just keeps coming  back like something from a Horror Movie that get's Uglier every time it returns.She kinda reminds me of Jabba the Hutt

What happened to Christian Values?????????????????

Gee, for 8 years while her husband was president she was against it. Now she's all for it. Another phony politician.

She must have another blood clot messing up her ability to think.

You don't say! Who would have thought??

After what Bill did is there any wonder?

The NCAA is lots more interesting !

As if I needed another reason to hate the beach (spell check).This is shocking news..............

When I was in the third grade I thought that I was gay'Cause I could draw, my uncle was, and I kept my room straightI told my mom tears rushing down my faceShe's like "Ben you've loved girls since before pre-k tripping, "Yeah, I guess she had a point, didn't she?Bunch of stereotypes all in my head.I remember doing the math like, "Yeah, I'm good at little league"A preconceived idea of what it all meantFor those that liked the same sexHad the characteristicsThe right wing conservatives think it's a decisionAnd you can be cured with some treatment and religionMan-made rewiring of a predispositionPlaying God, aw nah here we goAmerica the brave still fears what we don't knowAnd God loves all his children, is somehow forgottenBut we paraphrase a book written thirty-five-hundred years ago

Well, she should approve ...she sure cornholed those folks in Benghazi...

Whats your stand on the MLB society there Hillary? You know that its next. Ill bet she doesn't have a problem with it when the party doesn't.

Take the focus of the real job at #$%$ and the debt. I don't if gays get married or not.  Obama his self said that it is a states problem.  Lets focus on the truth.

Why does it matter if she's no longer in or pursuing politics?????????????? Shut up Clinton!!!!!

This story reminds me of something that happened to us one time. We were doing cattle chores one hot summer night and a stray tom cat went into a building that was nearby. We had been trying to catch him for sometime. We grabbed some small fence posts and went into the building to look for him. Well we found him and after a few whacks with the fence posts he wasn't doing so well anymore. We threw him in the back of a pickup and then ended up in town later that night. Someone got the idea to put him in the back seat of a guy's car that was parked out on the street in front of their house. So we slipped over to the car and threw the tom cat in the back on the floor. What we didn't realize in that the car wasn't being used and it sat there for about three weeks with the cat baking inside before someone discovered the grizzly find. I'm sure it didn't smell very good. I think they had to burn the car to get rid of the smell.

She changed her mind when she started watching porn...like Bill!

Typical liberalism at work. Gay marriage has been voted down every time its been on the ballot. The liberal response is to pretend it never happened and push on.

I guess we could look at the bright side. At least the fruits can't procreate.Who is surprised??

wow shes OLD..

"What difference does it make" ..... uh four Americans were killed due to your inept response Mrs. Clinton. That's what difference it makes. Thus your positions on anything should not be surprising.

Why wouldn't she, she is a lesbo?

I don't care what you support, Hillary. You weren't tapped to be the gay marriage Czar, you were tapped to protect our foreign service men and women.Stevens was an openly gay man, too bad you didn't allow him the opportunity to live long enough to be married.And where was Mr. Gay rights himself, Anderson Cooper? You didn't utter a word against Hillary when she allowed then lied about the death of another gay man. I guess liberal agenda is more important to him than gay men.

No more Obamas, Bushes, Clintons, Kennedys - there is a lot of new and refreshing talent in both Parties and lets not have retreads and more of the SAME.

Who cares what miss death, or her husband wants! She's just a corrupt politician, whose married to a Has Been President.. Who BTW.. For those who care to look has over 250 acquaintances, partners on  land deals &amp; other business transactions, Ex body guards who've all mysteriously died in freak accidents, or deaths that couldn't be explained (CIA Drugs, &amp; Non CIA drugs &amp; KGB are used for these), &amp; or suicides, one was a pilot for him when he was Governor. One of them was a Lawyer Working for the Clinton Administration who kept track of Bills Business deals out of the White House (Which BTW.. Is Illegal By the under the US Constitution). And now, they show they come out of the closet as having no Morals, or Values. No wonder God's letting America Crash. BTW. Do you know 250 people who mysteriously, "Accidentally" died, or more then 2 people who (for no reason families could come up with..) committed suicide? Yeah, Yeah.. I know.. It happens. PIGS really do fly also. Now that the President, &amp; The Clinton's have come out, "For" Gay Marriage.. I guess we should all just throw in the towels, &amp; Give in, &amp; let our Morals, Values, &amp; Faith in what the Bible "Really" says Go, &amp; Bend over for the Homosexuals, Bi Sexuals, Trans-sexuals..Thats the "Life style" we're breeding, by allowing this. BY letting public schools brain wash kids, over their parents objections. I pulled mine out when "Diversity" class was made mandatory. Parents who don't know better thing, "Diversity class?! Sounds harmless".. But they don't tell these parents the Diversity class is about brain washing the kids to think homosexuality is Normal, Natural, &amp; f you've ever thought about sex with another member of your sex, its okay...Dooooo it, &amp; you'll feel like a whole, real person again, &amp; don't care what mom, &amp; dad say. We'll put them in Prison if they give you grief". Yes. A little over the top, but not by far. I sat in on one of the classes, &amp;H Always looked at the kids books, lessons, &amp; Materials they did in class. Get your kids out of public schools if you have morals, &amp; think Gay Marriage isn't about a "Life Style" Its about a "Sexual Life Style". Thats why the word "Sexual" is in all of the descriptive words (i.e. homosexual, bisexual, etc). Clinton's need to go back to their Private lifes with all the tax money they stole, &amp; keep their vulgar opinions to themselves.

and this is a surprise why? I mean doesn't she have more important things to do like "make the  sequestration painful" as ordered by the tyrant and chief

Well, if she supports gay marriage, then she should automatically be the next President, right? (Sarcasim)

The Negative Health Effects of HomosexualityHigh Incidence of Mental Health Problems among Homosexuals and Lesbians. A national survey of lesbians published in the Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology found that 75 percent of the nearly 2,000 respondents had pursued psychological counseling of some kind, many for treatment of long-term depression or sadness:pewww  , I bet  her breath  stinks like smoked herring ..

she's finally coming out?

Is she a #$%$ (HAG)?

I'M wondering if she was able to catch the band wagon in time?

Such a surprise! I bet she believes in coverups too--from her husband's little playmates to covering up Benghazi.

Switched directions again, which ever way she thinks the winds blows, reveals the true character and lack of substance.

that's the Hillary we all know.....she will throw in ANY morals/values in order to get a vote!

big surprise.  Give me a break.

Sorry you silly homophobes - this is just people smarter than you aligning themselves with a winner.  The law on this seems pretty clear - DOMA and Prop 8 are dead and SCOTUS may make a statement that all laws prohibiting gay marriage are gone.  That means you can have a gay couple move in next door to you.  Have barbecues and make out in their backyards.  Invite all their gay friends over for a Halloween party.  Maybe they will even invite you....

Man, the shock of it all.  Now if she would just come out for the truth about Benghazi,  nah.No joke, Hilary is gay! That's how she met Bill! Wow! Um wonder how she is going to handle the 30 American witnesses on Benghazi.....She is going down with Obama!

To you gay men perverts all I can say now anal cancer , anal cancer , anal cancer  , aids , aids , aid !!! will Obamacare pay for this nasty mess ?

where were you when your old man was pres. oh yah it wasn't politically expedient, might have cost votes, you were a political horr then, your a political horr now, you people never change.

She got balls.

next she will BE gay to get votes

Well Hilary just lost my vote

Votes over principal just like an elected republican. I guess she has accepted adultry as the way to go. Boy the birth rate will certainly go down. It will not change what people believe and think.

She's  assuming the role of president without the authority or accountability.  It's similar to a  self-appointed "titular head" ---(def:  "having the title and usually the honors belonging to an office or dignity without the duties, functions, or responsibilities." )  It's the same thing Bill  has been doing  since he left office, offering commentary, opinions and advice despite the fact that no one asks for it..

Hideous Hillary... how bout support for our Embassies when they are being ATTACKED?Too bad she wasn't there that day visiting the Libya Embassy.  4 Americans whouldhave been saved as Hideous Hill would have called in the 7th Fleet to save herself and rest.

You changed your mind because of votes.  Just because the press has desensitized the issue, more and more people want to be viewed as "politically correct" and "standing up for human rights".  Politicians make me sick.  I would love to give them a lie-detector test.By the way, how are human rights being violated?  A straight man cannot marry another man so why should a gay man be permitted to marry one?So she was against it before she supported it. Or was she always for it but did not have the backbone to admit it until it she believed it would help her politically? Either way, what a hypocrite!

Since she was once named one possible candidate for the Supreme Court, she may be trying to romantically conquer Justice Kagan.

She's so brave.  It took a lot of courage to do this.

What difference does it make?

Poll: support for gay marriage soars to record high 58 percentLOL you bigots are losing support in record speed.

Not surprising with this one.

This is Big News.Next Barney Frank will come out in support of Gay Marriage.

I would like to announce that Hillary is an idiot.

How come no yahoo stories about the 300 MILLION people that are against it?

ANOTHER politician sells out for political gain. If she sells out that easy BEFORE being elected to anything think about all the selling out she could do IF she were ever elected to anything...!I'm in favor of gay marriages. The monogamous heterosexual marriages I've known where the husband realizes that God hates divorce and doesn't seek a younger trophy wife are quite gay. In fact, they are often gayer than the newly married who don't realize that marriage has it's stresses as well as it's benefits.The same sex relationships I've seen are anything but gay. Not much happiness there and not much desire for monogamy. They can legalize same sex marriage but it's not gay marriage if it doesn't conform to Genesis 2:24.The Daily Kos had a blog by an advocate of same sex marriage who was trouble by the fact that after the legalization of same sex marriages there was no secular, constitutional argument against incestuous marriage. He was lambasted by some liberals but several homosexual posters advocated for incestuous marriages too.The libertine lifestyle is never gay, though it role plays happiness. It doesn't matter whether the libertine lifestyle is heterosexual or homosexual, it's just sad.

she would

The first Clinton left office with a balanced budget AND 180 billion surplus.I AM SOOOOOO READY FOR THAT AGAIN

To those who believe marriage is only for reproducing: Why are older or infertile couples, who cannot procreate, able to marry? Is their marriage not as "equal"?

Is anyone surprised?Hillary is one of the most morally bankrupt and corrupt people on this planet.This woman should be tried for treason for her role in Benghazi!Impeach Obama Now!

Hillary wants to get this out now so all the accusations of flip flopping can be said now.  In 3 years she can say she supported gay rights for years.  Our politicians make me ill.  And they want to take away our guns for crying out loud.  We are going to need them soon.

Hate to say it but these people aren't going away, just like bill during the democratic convention, his wife won't be going away either,  oboma won't be going away either when his presidency is finished, trust me you'll see him promoting the democratic nominees for the presidency after him. sucks doesn't it.

She is a person who has to wet her finger and put it up in the air, so she cant find out what to stand for and this means she falls for everything and actually stands for nothing.  I would be surprised if she ever stood  for anything moral and ethical.George!

Looks like Hillary has been hitting the bottle pretty hard, irrelevance must really suck!!!

OMG!  OMG! Really!  Who cares?Marriage benefits was encouraged for the establishment of future children who were the tax base of America. And gays can't reproduce themselves.

What a Shocker!!!!!

Has she really been in a straight relationship with Bill? After all the girls he did I am sure she hates guys.

Another reason not to vote for some of these people .

It's going to happen eventually so why not let the gays marry each other legally and stop the time and money that the government is throwing into this "social" not to mention "political" issue?

i would say she is going to run for President.

So.

Hillary is another Feinstein when it comes to guns. She will have a tough time 2016 even if she sucks up to this twisted group.

Who would she likely pick as a first lady?

Poor thing, as old and ugly as she looks in the photo, she better cling to something.even if it is wrong......Maybe her girlfriend won't cheat on her like Bill did.

OK now i am scared.  Releasng 2000 illeagls criminals into our system and note that one had cut the ankle thing and kill the mother and rape the kid and also 11 millions to given citizenship?

Well thats another one that cut their own throat.

WOW!  Who would of thunk it? Sick...

50 bucks she'll come out in a few.

When you look like her all you have left is gay.

Of course she does.  She's planning on running for prez.

she a less bo

Should this really be a surprise to anyone?  Hillary changes her views dependent on what is best for Hillary.  Stand by to 2016...I don't think we have heard the last from her.

This old bird needs to be taken outside and shot.She'd look great on a $3 bill.

It's not the first time she's lost her mind.

HEROIC! Now that it's been shown to be a safe issue for Democrats the cowards are now saying in public what they have felt for years.

LOL...should have read "Hlliary Clinton announces she will run in 2016"

It's no big deal for Demo-Rats to "change their position" on anything, because they actually have no real convictions about ANYTHING.

..indicates she will be running in '16..

How's she feel about monica giving Bill many BJ during his run The gays must be running the country everyone is afraid to say anything, but it is wrong to lay with the same sex and it is wrong for them to marry so now you have it. End of the story

Geez, I haven't even begun to read the comments below, but if this isn't fertile ground for some hateful repubs-------

I thought she was going to announce that she's a man.

She never did represent the majority of Americans.What Abour Bengazi - Madam Secrretary  --  So Who Care What You Think of Gay Marraige  --  They Are Coming For You On Bengazi  --  get your story straight with Obama

What a "bag" !

Big shocker when she has been married to a beard herself for most of her life!!!!

Is she trying to tell us something?

Why do Democrats want to destroy America, Remove any thing that pertains to God, turn our nation over to the Gays, Islamics, commies. Their hatred of our Constitution, seems that they want to create another Sodom, and Gomorah, here in America.  God will Judge all such nations. and Empires just as He has in the past.

I, a man, am married to a woman. To me gay marriage is an insult to me. It is a gay relationship and should not be called gay marriage

Enough already about "GAY MARRIAGE". We should change God's definition of marriage for 3% or less of worlds population. This is totally against what the bible teaches.

All she is interested in is VOTES!She feels the #$%$ will vote for herif she supports them.Most of the politicians now are jumping on that band wagon but in reality they really dont lean that way.

Love how all of the politicians state they are "evolving" when it comes to their beliefs.  Beliefs are fundamental and can't be changed like throwing a light switch.  These people sell out their own core to appease others.  I'm not anti-gay, I'm anti-fraud.

Well, to be honest.  If I looked like her, I'd probably support gay marriage too.  Besides, we already known she couldn't satisfy Bill.It's fun watching the bigots go berserk as gay marriage spreads and there isn't anything they can do about it.

Hmm, how about a hook up between Hillary and Monica?  I bet VH1 or Style or some other bottom feeder cable station cane make a reality show about this.

Gay marriage and civil unions are immoral, unhealthy, hurt traditional families and harm children. God created humans male and female and ordained marriage between them only. The Bible calls homosexuality an abomination and contrary to nature. Studies indicate that homosexuals have much higher rates of STD, drug use, mental problems, and a much shorter lifespan. Two homosexual researchers found that outside sexual activity was the rule for male couples. Another study reported the average number of lifetime partners for male homosexuals was 50. This makes a joke out of marriage.Gay marriage hurts traditional families because it sends a message to children that gender does not matter. A study reported in Pediatrics indicated 26 % of seventh graders are unsure of their sexuality but only 2-3 % of adults are gay or bisexual. The new definition of marriage and school teaching would push the kids into an immoral and unhealthy lifestyle and the government would engage in thought control labeling differing views as hate speech.Traditional marriage supports the public good by socializing men, regulating sexuality, protecting women from exploitive males, and providing mothers and fathers for children. Our non-traditional family experiment with no fault divorce and fatherless homes produced tremendous problems and government expenditures on social programs driven in large part by family fragmentation. Gay marriage would subject children to radical experimentation. The Center for Law and Social Policy, May 2003, said “Most researchers now agree that together these studies support the notion that, on average, children do best when raised by their two married, biological parents…”The arguments given for civil unions and abandoning traditional marriage can equally be used to justify polygamy, pedophilia, #$%$, and incest. Where does it stop?

Why so she can divorce old bill and marry her Muslim hag , she looks like a carpet eater.!!!!!!!!!!

It's a new fad.... everyone is doing it!

Got to keep the weird ones happy even if it is a lie

Definition of Hillary Clinton:   Demagoguery, a political leader who seeks support by appealing to popular desires and prejudices rather than by using rational argument.

This is a prelude to her coming out....now we know why Bill screwed around so much. Hillary was #$%$ all the time because he got more than she did.

Hillary and other politicians need to work on screening gays out of every sensitive job that deals with boys/young men, like teacher, coach, priest, scout leader, doctor, dentist, etc.  Let the gays marry whoever or whatever they want, just keep them away from normal boys &amp; young men!

Did you right wingers get mad when Laura Bush did the same thing?I told my daughter in law that if she ever started looking like that, my son would probably become a #$%$

She also supports other woman taking care of her man.

As expected, a lot of immature people commenting and cannot actually hold a civil debate without resorting to name calling. Why is that?

If old Slick Willie hadn't made it through that heart thingy, she would have been one of the first to make it legal.  She is so pathetic.

She should just forget that old rag she's wearing and put on a suit and tie.

The country burns, and what is the democrats biggest worry: f  a. g  marriage.

you're a has-been, old Hill, get another life.

In another more important news  " hillary clinton finally comes out of the closet and she admist that she is gay.!

Duh. I always thought she was a bit lez to begin with.

So, if Plague Carrying F[agg]ots could not vote, would any of these politicians care about gay marriage?God gives a warning to those who approve of this sin in Romans 1:32.....who, knowing the righteous judgment of God, that those who practice such things are deserving of death, not only do the same but also approve of those who practice them.This verse says that those who approve of homosexuality will suffer the same fate as those practicing homosexuality. Christians it is not about us, it's all about God. You need to throw your emotions out the window and open God's word (the bible) and see what He says about it. He decides what is a moral, not us.

God helps us from these idiot liberals from hell.

wow a flip flopping clinton what a suprise

EVIL IS AS EVIL DOES!! Remember, she is a DEMONCRAT!!!

If my mother would be for gay rights, I would disown her.

She looks 80

Is Hillary comming out of the Closet?

I don't care what Hillary has to say, my ears go numb the moment she opens her mouth.

Well she is gay after all.This can't be a news flash....

Man, I can remember when they were in Arkansas and were 100% against gay marriage.  I don't care about gay marriage, I care about my Country's economy.... I think this pandering is going to seriously backfire on the Democrats if they don't start to focus on the serious financial issues we have in this Country today.Gee, what a surprise, leaders falling all over themsleves, trying not the be the last to support perversion.....

Hillary who?!

Why do some of you not understand that your religious laws end at the walls of your church?Thank you, Mrs. Clinton!

"that is rapidly gaining public approval.umm...no it's not.

Thanks Hillary.the next thing you'll know is Cats and Dogs getting married , Horses and Goats , when will it ever end ! Look at her  and you'll know why she's for Gay marriages.

I personally do not want a president who would stay with a man who had been cheating on her for 20 plus years knowingly.  She is a terrible example to women out there.  Just accept it because its good for your career?  Beat it

Once again, progressive/liberals have chosen to draw division lines....just like Dear Leader does.

Hillary figures this is all part of being a good leader: i.e., telling you what you should think. It's the Progressive way. I don't know about you, but I'm f'kin FED UP with politicians like Hillary trying to tell me what I should think!

It must really stink to be so insecure that you have to post negative comments on yahoo gay articles.

Teach your children while they are young that homosexuality is wrong, before the schools and the media try to brainwash them into thinking it's "normal and natural"!We're suppose to love one another but we don't have to accept the wrong that people do.I too are sick of the  Kennedys,Clintons , and the Obamas. SIck humans.They will go along just for their glory. These idiots are not Christians. No Christian should be for stinky gay marriages. The Colon Cowboys explore their sewage docks everyday and the Taco girls  do thier nasty tasks and stink as well. It is against the mandates of God and it is in every Bible known to man. Obama was a mistake and he is the problem we have to day. PRAYER WILL BRING DOWN THESE DEMONS.

keep the comments coming! more of the same from the left... next will be same sex dogs can raise puppies together!  stay tuned ...

Liberalism is creating the modern day Sodom.  Look at the things this establishment champions.  The complete and utter destruction of the family.  They tell our fathers to be mothers, and our mothers to be fathers. They tell our children to be the parents and set the rules that should be followed.  They demonize anything masculine, and they belittle the mothers who find their place in the home.  They believe that the bad tree of homosexuality will produce good fruit.  They demand us to render on to their church of progressive thought, and they also will not accept disagreement to their gods of degeneracy.  Their propaganda runs the world, and it saturates us with a putrid slime that can't be cleaned.  They argue the definition of life but at the same time celebrate the "choice" to end it at it's most vulnerable stage.  They force your children into their indoctrination camps and then pollute their young minds with a history that they choose to teach.  Your children become adults and are full fledged members to this monstrosity which has been become the norm.  I pray for true change, and not the kind spoke of in rhetoric.  I pray for the kind of change that only our heavenly father can bring.  I believe the stage has been set... god pray for us all.

She is the Queen #$%$ of the lesbos.

Is she planning to run in2016, may be that's why.   Anything for future votes.  Now she supports pole smokers and muffin eaters.  I did recall the Clinton was against gay marriage in the past.  Weak......weak....weak.....

Thank you, Madame Secretary.

LOL.  Why would this surprise anyone.

So when is Hillary going to show the media her collection of double-enders?

Arrogant,phony,inexperienced,blamer,socialist , liar, are a few words of truth missing from the article.

The far left loves "gay marriage," not only because they have a delusion that gay people are the pillars of society and better behaved than straight couples, but because it gives them special powers, exalting them above others: #1 They are indoctrinating other people's children with the equivalent of a religion, homobehavioral glorification doctrine, in public schools. #2 They invalidate votes, stealing power from the people and taking it for themselves. #3 The power to legally discriminate; if you can give special privileges associated with laws based on procreation to two gay men but NOT to a polygamous 2nd wife, that is blatant discrimination. #4 The power to manipulate the language, a means of stifling the free exchange of ideas, as we saw in _1984_ with Newspeak.Hillary voted to invade Iraq. Why would liberals vote for a war criminal?

Liberalism - The Decline and Fall of the USA.

Monica would of been safer with Bill.

EQUAL RIGHTS are just that - EQUAL for ALL!

Hillary's about to come out of the closet, or would that be cabinet?

OBAMA is SUCKING China's NUTS....

This is not a matter of civil rights. This is a matter of special seual  perversion rights. Now get this liar off my computer screen.

THIS is the same woman whose husband in 1996 was the one who pushed through the marriage protection bill. i guess hillary and the cigar prez FLIP FLOPPED   Oopsforgot they're democrats they evolved.

What else is new with her? Did bill ask for a divorce? Anything for a vote...

Hey, whatever gets her votes in 2016, which is all this is about. Next, she'll be in Texas trying to buy an M4.This should not be a shock to anyone. Hilary is gay and has been married for years.

with hillary looking like that im surprised Bill didnt go fudge packing himself!

I am so glad God doesn't flip flop, he said it was wrong then and it is wrong now. Makes no difference what man thinks or says.

To spite Bill's affairs with Lewinsky, Hillary goes for f  agettes &amp; f  ags

The Clintons will say anything.....

Big Whoop De Doo !

How does it feel to be a murderer Hillary?

As long as they're monogamous, right, Hillary?

Just one valid argument against same sex marriage is all I want. But instead, all arguments I read are based on superstitions, ignorance, lies, personal opinion or lack of education.

Hillary remembers getting off the plane in Croatia, ducking her head and running for cover under sniper fire!  Doesn't that say it all about her?some people will do anything to get a vote!!!!!!!

Did this bit*h Hillary ever testify at the Benghasi hearings?????

NO to Hillary in 2016 !!  Think things suck now under Obummer ... just wait until the Clinton trainwreck hits ... you've been warned America ...

In the immortal words of Hilary, after 4 AMERICANS WERE KILLED, AND WE DID NOTHING, WHAT DIFFENCE DOE'S IT MAKE.

Congrats to her and her partner

maybe she wants to divorse  fromBill and maybe she wants to MArry Nancy Pelosie

Who cares

My, how time and her former occupation have changed Mrs. Clinton.  Now a screaming shrew that will support anything Barry dictates.  The burden of Benghazi and her role in covering for Barry has, in my opinion brought out her real nature.  Compare pictures of her now and (5) years ago.  A soul lost, a career gone, someone I admired, also gone ... for nothing ... Sad.

Who cares what she thinks,what a waste of time.

You can bet Hillary and Bill had better hope their daughter procreate. The same for Obama's two daughters.They won't enjoy the honor and status of being Grandparents.Democrats (Communists) sink to yet another low

It takes a heterosexual family to raise a child, not a gay village.

America announces support for Hillary Clinton being placed indefinately in mental institution ..

With leaders such as Obama and Clinton..this nation will have a "gay" old time right to its quick and imminent demise!

Why doesn't she stay home and bake cookies?

In a related story,  Bill Clinton still enjoys Cuban cigars.

Gays have only one agenda, to kill off the human race with aids, they are all evil people.

Dems (Hilllary) better reflect the direction and will of the people of the country.Gay marriage, immigration, and gun control are prime examples of the dems being more in touch with the people.The 2012 election and elections to come will be further evidence of this.

Did HILLARYS' sex change operation go bad,guess they ran out of her hormones!! She really look's like #$%$ now.

I think she needs to read the bible!Sounds like she'll sell her soul to get what she wants.Why not admit she's bisexual, she'll get a lot of support from Holywood.

The Wicked Witch of the West spouts off with another silly comment and chalks up one more voice to the destruction of America. Democrats are dispicable!

PRO-HOMOSEXUAL MARRIAGE INTOLERANCE, HATE AND BIGOTRYSo, you support redefining marriage to accommodate a very small, sexually dysfunctional minority but don't support inter-species marriage too? How can you sanctimoniously lecture others on being tolerant and inclusive when you insist on discriminating against animals and those who want one as a spouse? Should you not subjugate your hate, bigotry and intolerance, and be working to overturn any laws that stand in the way of people marrying any animal in which they are in luuuuuuuv?  After all, if the pivotal criteria for how marriage should be defined is “luuuuuuuv”, to be logically consistent and non-discriminatory, should you not also agree that what's important is that the human and the animal "luuuuuuvuvv" each other; therefore, they should have the “equal right” to marry? Should you not also agree that anyone who oppose the idea of also redefining marriage to include inter-species unions are nothing but hate-filled, Bible-thumping, intolerant and bigoted troglodytes who, because of their religious world-view-based opposition to inter-species marriages, should be excluded from any debate on redefining marriage.  In fact, given your habitual insistence that any prohibition rooted in a religious world-view is invalid, must you not advocate inter-species marriage lest you risk a defacto affirmation of religion and it's rightfull place in the forum of ideas?

whocares what about begazizee

Go away Hillary.

Another person operating under the delusion that their opinion should be installed as the will of all people.

Her outfit by Cabbage Patch !

WHY must we debate #$%$ and SPERM ? this is sick

I guess that her opinion is supposed to mean something.

Hillary, A Bisexual in favor of gay marrriage. What do you expect? This isn't news just political BS.America's Lead Lesbian supports gay marriage...how wonderful!!

Perfect! She is married to Bill--I think maybe a lesbien relationship might be good for her.

why not work on your own idea of what marriage to bill really is???

The hillery has had a stroke.  Her left eye lens in the glasses tell the story.

Gay Rights ARE Civil Rights and "Civil Marriage IS a Civil Right", Mrs. Coretta Scott King.

Hillary come out of the closet already!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Their marriage might not be legal under HIS law, but just because we believe in HIM doesn't mean we have to force others to do the same.  If not, why would our definition of a marriage under HIS law be of any consequence to the non-believers?Let them do their thing 'Cos it's NOT for us to judge.

pandering democrats...  and i thought they were just vindictive.

How about support for the unborn, opposing abortion, being truly "for the Children" instead of just saying it?

This women should be in JAIL, now I see why her husband ran around with anything that would stand still long enough. This was a great country, now look at what it has become.Hillary is gay she has not had intercource with bill since he was governor

Marriage is not a "right of citizenship." If this were so, then first cousins should be able to marry, brothers and sisters should be able to marry, polygamous and polyandrous "marriages" should be legal, and marriage of adults to minors below the age of consent should also be legal. The muddled thinking on what is the essence of marriage -- etymologically, historically, traditionally and organically -- by those on the Left is astonishing.

Election is 2016! Too early annoucement.

Drop the survivor and tax benefits from marriage all together...........And see how quickly this gay marriage thing becomes a Non-Issue.

Did someone say girl on girl

She believes in it because she is it, so I’ve heard…..

This is about as news worthy as Kim Kardashian saying that being pregnant is hard!  LOL

What else is new?!

Ahhhh she's a dime short and a day late.  Bet she's coming out for the earth not being flat too...just in case there was any doubt to her "position"

Next, she'll come out of the closet.Gun Control = Total Control

She is just trying to look after Slick Willie after her ugly mug is dead and burried!!

Tax and Spend "OVER the HILL"!

.....she's a switch hitter now?

they could have added .... "5 years ago" to the headline.

Might have voted for her if she ran, but won't now...Registered Independent.(and I usually vote Republican...)She is just like everyone else; flip-flopper of convenience.Rather vote for someone who at least has convictions, principles would help too.

...This has been your hourly Yahoo! Gay News Update.

Smart move on her part, considering there is no rational, logical reason to oppose it.

If the right to marry the person that you love is a basic civil right as stated in Loving vs. Virginia by the Supreme Court then why shouldn't gay US citizens have that right?

Of course she does. She is gay.Not that there is anything wrong with that.what do you expect from A LESBO?

Hey homophobic/hate group members - you mad?

didnt like her much to begin with, now I can say she is another on my list of complete dislike

AH Hillary, just one more disappointment after another. Have ya sold out on all your convictions yet? Stayed tuned for further "surprises announcements" from her pre-presidential run 2016 camp.

Must be a slow news day. I mean did anybody or everybody not know this? She's a flaming liberal for crying out loud!

She's munched more rug than Bill.

I will never care about gay marriage or abortion.  There's just too much other important things going on.  Gun control is near the bottom of my list too.

And Bill supports global oral sex.

SURPRISE ! SURPRISE ! SURPRISE ! Her next bright statement is to announce Monica Lewinsky as her Running Mate. She's better than her real mate.

Let the right wing hatred commencePerhaps in the eyes of the law homosexual marriage is acceptable, but not in the eyes of God's laws...rest in Hell Ms. Clinton....

That women fell out of an ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down. Shudder.....

Homosexual "marriage" is now the number one issue in America. Jobs and the economy mean nothing without allowing men to marry other men. Thanks demoncRATS.

The results are easy to see with the deomcrats supporting every imaginable ill to society.  A vote for the democrats is a vote for evil.  Who could possibly support a lifestyle as destructive as the homosexual lifestyle.  Only an extremely foolish or uneducated person would support the lifestyle of death, disease and misery.  AIDS is everywhere in the homosexual world.  homosexuality needs to be re-criminalized immediately for the safety of the entire human race.

Wait, isn't Hillary already both "gay" and "married"?

I am not suprised at her doing this, she could not take care of her own marriage.

Why is it that homophobic/anti-gay people seem more interested in homosexual intercourse than most gay people? Kind of odd how we constantly see them talking/imagining it.

SHE'LL NEVER GET MY VOTE.

OK, so. Now what about Bengahzi?

TYPICAL FLIP FLOP POLITICIAN! TIME TO GO HILARY!Why is it that former liberal politicians cannot stay out of the spotlight?  Whenever a conservative retires, they go fishing and live private lives. I guess liberals can't gowithout getting attention for very long. It's really kinda pathetic.

She looks as bad as Pelosi.

That fall did serious damage to her brain. She will get rid of Bill soon and hook up with Rosie.

Isn't she "bi"  ?

Not surprised coming from the man of the house.

isn't this why Bill looks for other women?

Nasty, lying old bag. She's a disgrace to America. Go away.

Won't be getting my vote.

If only she supported truth in politics. Benghazi, anyone?

Hillary for President 2016!!!!After Benghazi, Hillary needs to retire.... "What difference does it make?"

Come on GOP, you'll still have the blacks and illegals to hate on.  It'll be ok.

Well now that the press has buried and forgotten the four killed in Benghazi, time to move on and gather my sheep. Baa, baa your Shepard says. Baa, baa, baa at my feet.

To All The People Posting Comments Such As Do They Think Americans Are Stupid...The Very Definition Of Stupid Is To Keep Doing The Same Thing But Expecting A Different Result..So The Answer To Your Question Is Yes Most Of Americans Are Stupid..The Rest Are Just indifferent

It's hard to watch our country going to hell in a handbasket, our morals are shot and anything to do with god or country are gone. We have become a country of, IF IT FEELS GOOD, THEN DO IT !!!!!!!!!!!! It's very sad

Because she is gay. Her and Bill have not lived together for years. Why let the 3% run and control the 97%???

Gays are heterophobic haters.

Well of course she does - she is gay - just hasn't said it - she sold her soul years ago by staying with Bill Clinton - why would this surprise anyone?

Why don't both the Clintons come out of the closet and quit playing peek-a-boo, I see you. Their whole message has always been one of pandering. Want to kill your unborn, OK, you got it. Want to indulge your bizarre sexual appetites, we're happy to help.

Dont mistake deviant sexual behavior for Love, Peters dont belong in butts and when they are put there it NOT LOVE, Its a sexual devianceRepublicans and the anti gay people are people of the earth, people of Jesus, you know, idiots.

HIllary clinton is the only reason why A straight man would want to be gay

The next media favorite for president comes forth.  She's looking a bit ridden hard &amp; hung up wet - doesn't Jano Reno know how to treat her ladies??

"Polls say this is popular now so I now support it."- Hillary Clinton

I'm shocked, shocked!  LOLOL.

If this woman gets elected, I want somebody to shoot me and put me out of my misery. She's a hypocritical idiot with no personal convictions.

anything for a vote now a days?

Dear GAYS: KEEP your PP to yourself....WE DO NOT WANT TO SEE or HEAR ABOUT IT...thanks AMERICA...:)

Her haircut and pant suits in the 90's pretty much confirmed that.

damn she should cast for the walking deadJUST STRATEGY FOR HER RUN IN 2016.  AFTERALL, I ALWAYS THOUGHT THAT SHE MIGHT GO BOTH WAYS......................

Why can't anyone who believes marriage is only for reproducing answer this? Why are older or infertile couples who cannot procreate able to get married? Is their marriage not as equal?

Wow what a bold move there Mrs Clinton. I mean we were not sure about your position up until now but thank you for setting the record straight... I mean really? If someone supports something, has stated his or her support in the past then comes out in a grand gesture to support it why should it get any attention? Its redundant.

As long as the GOP opposes Gay Marriage, they will never get the votes from citizens from the GLBT Commnity

Hillary Clinton (ON RECORD) supports Al-Qaida!

United States of Sodom

Not suprising or news. All of the other lesbians are for lesbians and #$%$ to get married. Why not this one.

Of course she does, she's probably gay herself. I can see why ol slick Willy was getting hummers in the oval office and boinking interns. If I had to face that hag daily I would be banging interns too. What a ploy to garner votes, give it up you old slag, not going to help you much.

Ask Hillary for some facts about Benghazi.  That is what I am waiting for.

Oprah will joint Hillary on stage, and they can come out together. Hillary, hear the latest? Michelle is going to run in 2016.If equal rights are so importand should I be able to marry my cat,dog,cow,sheep,whatever this is wrong in every way stay in the closet.

I wonder if the gay population out there feel used by these Democrate Leaders, or do they really feel the Democrats are truley interested in them?

Just another politician that will say anything or do anything to get a vote

It seems the american voters messed up yet again. only thing the democraps have to offer is more welfare recipients{illegals from all over but mostly mexico} perverts rights and of course to save themselves gun control.Not one of them have a plan for creating private industry jobs, but Barrack wants to spend billions to hire more government people so we go broke trying to keep up wiyh the pensions and other benifits they recieve for life.Just seen a report about the hotel industry it said they are off by 30% reason being the fed cut travel because of budget problems the only travel will be for government bussiness. hum is the 30% usually spent for federal fun trips?

PERVERT !!

Well. she can't run for president anyway because, according to her she has reached the age when she doesn't have to look good:) ! And a president has to look good.

Is she finally going to divorce Bill and marry her lover?

yeah, but does she support sending much needed help to an embassy which is in danger?

I though I lived in the 2nd most liberal state in the union,that the people of illinois would support #$%$ perverts right to get married? and according to yaaahooo a large number of americans also support the perverts, but much to my suprise the people I have talked with about it and they are many do not support it? makes me wonder if they are close supporters or that news media are a bunch of bald faced liars?

Hillary supports Gay Marriage...I smell a run for President. She's as sincere as Obama. She'd do anything and say anything to get elected. Of course seeing Bill back in the While House would give him a new line of women. Hillary has no trouble; looking the other way with what Bill does putting politics above dignity and integrity.Welcome to Sodom.

Monkey see monkey do.

If you were married to Bill you woukld support the gay lifestyle too. Who knows with his history she is peobably afraid of catching something so she has gone female to keep from getting something that she can't get rid of HAHAHAHAHA.

She was a cutie in the 90's. But she's a tough woman.Can you imagine Hillary and Palin going at it in the ring?What a catfight!

the republican party is now paying people to post on stories like these

BISEXUAL FREAK......And her husband is also double door.

Is she gay???  What has she had with Bill since his episode with the cigar?  You never see or hear of them together!  I wish they would both just go away and never be seen or heard of ever.  Find a remote place to live where we don't have to see or hear from either again.

If she's running for President in 2016, it should be from behind bars for the Benghazi fiasco!  In some countries, that would have been a death penalty for the person responsible for that.

I support "cigar marriage" at the W.H.

Doesn't she have to divorce Bill first?She is a switch hitter.

Pander to all the freaks you want old woman. You will not be president.

....and what church was that she goes to ?

Hey FRC-bots. How does it feel to know that your whole organization was founded on lies and hypocrisy? Ya know, considering your own co-founder, George Alan Rekers, is gay and was caught with a gay male prostitute.

holy ugly lesbian Batman!

The democratic party has become the party of coward #$%$ low lifes !

The democratic party is nothing but trash ! May you burn in hell Hillary Clinton along with your socialpathic lying husband ...

Guess my next vote is for Republican.

She'll support ANYTHING if she thinks it will get here in.

Hillary is obviously irresponsible and incompetent, her opinion has zero valuesurprisr, surprise

I oddly want to line my toilet bowl with this picture.

Well! Both Bill and Hillary now support gay marriage, "Surprise?" Not hardley, both will say whatever it takes to be president or whatever in charge. Bill is a rapist and should have been impeached by the senate, guess to many winer's to please him and she stood behind all of that. What a pair of pukes.

Every journey (to the white house) starts with the first step.  Lord help us...

I guess that means today she is unofficially starting her run for 2016?

It is kinda like they have to ,even if they really don,t want to.they are all over the place.It is like wow,where did they all come from.

Setting the duck for her 2016 campaign.  Nothing these people do is by accident. Slick Willy was a master as well.

finally....gays will be able to pass to the rest of us the cost of healthcare that will pay for the aids they contract .....  lucky us......

I wish she would go back in the closet. Doesn't she have any more Americans, that she needs to kill.

Is this even news? c'mon now.HA,,, big surprise there,

She's getting ready for 2016.

What ever happened to liberals and conservatives in both parties?

Shocker, Let's all jump on the bandwagon now, for political gain. Bill did it first to test the waters, to make it safe for Hillary. If you can't be for something just because you really think it's right, then just shut up.

And now we now she is running. No other reason for a supposedly retired politician to take a stand now unless 2016 is in the future.

hypocrite !!!!!

( rapidly gaining public approval.)    BULL ...................

Jerry ma be right about the girl part she is too u g l y to be the girl may joining the band wagon for further use, or got paid real good under the table. Gov. Edwards said one time you have to crooked to be a political figure. Look out america here she comes

old fat ugly chick, no wonder she supports homosexuality, and dont forget her husband got oral sex from a fat chick

1. We have a nation with millions of unemployed.2. We have a nation whose public school systems in minority communities graduate less than half and those who do graduate are functionally illiterate.3. We have an invasion of millions of illegal immigrants whose welfare and education costs are bankrupting local and state governments.4. We have a social security system that is bankrupt and unless changes are made it will bankrupt the country.5.  We have a medicare system that is bankrupt and unless changes are made it will bankrupt the country.These are just a few of the major problems facing this country and what does the news media and the politicians continually bubble to the headlines as an major important issue.WHO SOMEBODY WANTS TO HAVE SEX WITH AND IF THEY ARE OF THE SAME SEX.WHO CARES - FIX THE MAJOR PROBLEMS AND LEAVE THE BEDROOM ALONE.A few years ago her and her husband slick willy were against gay marriage.  Now shes for it.  Typical #$%$ politican.  I dont know whose more disgusting, the clintons or the obamas.  What a bunch of phonies.   Is this the best the democrats have to offer and the republicans still lose??  .

Cheese Sandwiches, 8 dollars, no change.

I'm not surprised.

Why is there Not One Single Story anywhere on the financial crisis in Cyprus????

Your religion does NOT run this country.

Just wait until the reports start coming out how children of same sex couples are bullied more and are more emotionally and mentally screwed up.  Same sex adoptions should be illegal.  It is 100% setting a child up for bullying.  Same sex adoptions is child abuse.

And they mention the fact that she may run in 2016 for president. I did not think felons could run for that office. What difference does it make now old girl.

Soulless and without conscience.

I know Obama and Clinton have no morals, but I hope some of the politicians do.

Of course she does...she wants your vote in 2016...and if YOUR Dumb enough to vote for this Obama lap dog...you will get what you deserve the same stupidity Oblunder is doing to this country now...while you are doing without, he is selling America's freedoms to the Muslim brotherhood with your tax dollars...gee the very ones Mrs. Clinton has been catering to for the past 4 years..in the middle east and watched while our citizens are killed and burned. !!! She lied about Bengazi ands she is a liar still today...But of course you already know that by her husbands lies...Politics and that is all it is...PERIOD.And I for one am tired of this homosexual ranting from the Media and politicians.....Maybe  that POINT 1 of a percent who they keep catering to will go away then..Curious if the GOP knows that she will trounce anyone they put up against her, sorry folks but you're looking at the 1st woman President of the US,  wonder if Charlie Crist will take the VP slot. rumors rumors rumors...lol  winning ticket wonder what the odds are in Vegas on that right now....

Take one look at her and you will figure it out.  One of the more masculine women in washington..there have been rumors about her gender identity crisis.

that fall she had must have destroyed her last brain cell.

Of course she'll come out in favor of the gays. Ugly as she is, she'll take it any way she can get it.

This woman is pure trash.... guess it runs in family. maybe she was gay too just came out ....God will deal with gays ....... sickness is comming to take them

Based on some of these comments I have to say: Is this a free country if some are not free to be themselves? Should we deny others based on your own narrow views of what is "Right"?

She has no real morals, so ,what do you expect. Most probabaly a dloset lizzie.

I wist it was a political maneuver to admit how f'ed up it is to have gays in my country...instead of the other way around.

must be going to run for president

Someone! Please! Please! Throw a bucket of water or a house on her! So we never have to hear from her again!And you Clinton supporters are the stupidest people alive!Political posturing?

Hey Sen.Portman, if you found out your son had just murdered someone would you have a "change of heart" on murder....Portman is what is wrong with this country..folks that are SUPPOSE to represent the people....will do or say anything to get re-elected....Mr. Portman, maybe you should start working on you resume......you'll need it soon,....don't mention anything about being a politician....one more thing..yes I voted for him..that last election

nuhuh :p Hillary you are just so cool and hip : )and tell us, how do you "feel" about obama using the phoenix rising out of the ashes "CHANGE" logo which stands for satan ? any comments?

its really amazing they say its growing in popularity as being a good thing,what?,one in a thousand say so,thats not popularity gays,its rejection.get a national vote,prove it.

Who cares what Hillary supports??  Is she some sort of authority on anything except how to deal with a cheating spouse, that is, Slick Willie??

Who would have guessed?

Say hello to your next president bigots, or are you gonna vote for a Mexican.

she must have bumped her head again

Another supporter of the spread of AIDS! How sweet!

Hillary's opinion of Marriage has the same value as Barack's opinion of the Constitution ... zero.Any word on why she let 4 Americans die in Benghazi?...

She supports whatever gets her a vote. I want to know what happened in Benghazi??? This will not go away.

#$%$ is deviant sex like sex witha dog, sheep, child or picnoic table umbrella hole, its not LOVE. I love my sons, my dad, my brother and my male friends BUT I dont want to stick my Peter in them. Dont confuse sexual deviancy with love and a relationship.Marriage is sacred vow between a man and a woman, Gays can have power of attorney andwills to take care of their legal issues

What a picture. She still doesn't clean up good.

i figure when a woman is so ugly no man wants her, she has to go #$%$

Well let's face it; Hilliary has no morals,. if she did she would have left Bill years ago.  It has been rumored through the  years, that she is gay. Like obammy, she will back anything that will get her votes so this is not surprising.  This country has gone thru a metamorphasis and lost most of the values and morals that made it great.  We were the best, now other countries lead us in values because their government does not give in to activists.  This country is lost and it will continue lost until obammy achieves his socialistic dictatorship.   Then we will wish for all those principals and values that protected us for so long and made us great.

America is done!!!!

Here we go again. Typical politician. If the majority were against the same gender marriage She would be against it, however, since most are for this change She is also.

Idiot!

Thats because she is ACDC and would go either way.When will she come out.

Who cares what Hillary thinks

How do the gays figure who plays the husband and who plays the wife?   Sick people ...mental illness losers.

God clearly stated that homosexuality is a detestable sin, an abomination.  People seem to misundertand this whole homosexual issue.  The feeling of being a homosexual is a desire just like any other sinful desires of the flesh.  Scripture clearly stated those who act upon, (practice, lie) that sin has committed a detestable sin.  God was specific in this type of sin by calling it detestable/abomination.  But scripture did not say that by having this desire alone you will go directly to hell but the desire is a sin nonetheless.  If you only had these feelings but never acted upon it, you can ask God to remove these feelings from your heart just like any other fleshly desires of sin we all have.  Some people have different sinful desires from others, but nonetheless it is a sin when it satisfies the flesh.  As long as we are made of flesh, the sinful desires will be there.  The question is, do you act upon it or deny it when it does come.  God said, if you look at a woman lustfully, you have already committed adultery in your heart, in other words, you already committed that sin of lust.  But if your eyes is in the Lord, the Holy Spirit will fight those temptations for men cannot do it alone it says.  Yes, we believers continue to sin because as much as you believe, you are not obeying.  We do not obey because we want to hold on to our sins of lust, simple as that.  If you do not want to lust, you must focus your attention in God and He will be your distraction or way out.  But how many of us have put God in everything we do in our lives ?  Most of us haven't.  Most of us go around preaching a weak gospel and lusting 24/7.  I am also guilty of this.  I am no different from anyone else.  One thing I do know though, I understand this truth and I am asking the Holy Spirit to help me.  Not always, but more and more each time.  People like Obama and Hillary are not helping fight this sin by supporting it.  They may not be directly promoting it, but people in power who supports this only give more confidence to those people who are homosexual who does not know the truth of God.  Obama and Hillary apparently doesn't know or is not obeying God.  Bottom line, any fleshly desire that robs God of his glory by replacing God with cigarettes, alcohol, drugs, lust, etc..etc..is a sin....even eating too much food.  That is why most people choose not to believe nor obey in a God, because it is too hard to be a human being in this physical world to avoid so many desires of the flesh  But keep in mind, what you do in this life time will determine if you will live in God's presence or without his presence.

I thought she was smart, now I know differently. say anything to get votes. Not mine.

HAHAHA get ready to get owned in 2016 tea baggers. Rand or Rubio = Rolled

You can`t always get what you want, so go after what you need....

Wake me when Sarah does.

Didn't like her to begin with. Now I dislike her even more!

She supports adultery and partial-birth abortions too.....big deal....  Like nobody knows what her moral compass reads?Stoop-eet!  Immer die gleiche Schweinerei!  Sacré bleu!  Pazzo!

Man she looks like she is about 3 years past death.  What an ugly hag.

why is this a story???A lesbian supporting gay marrige.

Where is the majority? Where are all the votes coming from that drive politicians to pander like this?

You support the opposite what GOD  wants. I would never support you. You like woman over men

cant wait to pay my share of the cost for gay benifits who will leave us with no offspring to pay for thier future cost.....they have become the priviledged class .....

another yellow belly - flip flopper who will do aby thing for votes - no one in the government can be trusted to stand up for their beliefs anymore - all of them flip with the tide of the wind and change their stance with polling of anything that is against their stated beliefs.clinton is just a twin to her cheating husband and an even bigger lyar (bengazie).during the 09 run for pres obama called her a racist biggot and bill slamed obama for it - now they are all cozy buddies and sharing the lies they have spread. All in the name of a high paying high profile job.

Oh who cares what this old hags views are on anything!!! Can't she just get on her broom and ride off into the sunset!!?

Like this was a shock coming from her

I have to admit, she's kind of hot with that blonde hair.old stupid bag....

put this lady out to pasture,be done with her and her flip flopping around on issues,i would hate to think this nation wants this sitting in the whitehouse as president,look close,think.

Too funny. Just last week, Yahoo reported about 3 staunch "Conservative" Politicians coming out in favor of Same-Sex Marriage... and nutty right-wing commentators couldn't "Praise them enough".  Now, a Democrat does it... and suddenly it's "Oh, she's being political."  Good Lord, you people are too funny.

Looking at her makes me pro-gay.

youre going to burn in hell hillary   ...eternity is forever by lesibian

Gee whiz, what a surprise, I have known she was gay since 1992,lol. Lived all that time with ole randy Bill and only one kid???? Duhhhhhhhhhhhhh, she is gay,lol.

Her, and that thief of a husband need to go away.They have cost this country billions

She is by FAR the fugliest #$%$ I have EVER seen...

Now that it seems safe to jump on the 'gay marriage bandwagon', Hilary Clinton comes out of the closet.Politicians are all the same.

Am I the only one that thinks Hillary looks like a bull dike?I'd don't care what Hillary's opinion is.  It's not going to change mine.  Why should I be influenced by what Hillary thinks?

Conservatives say: Please run Hillary in 2016

The GOP says they want to change but somehow they still live in the 8th century. By notsupporting the 14th. Amend...Section one...Equality for every citizen...the Gop will neverarrive at the year 2013.

I do not care what Hillary wants I care what God wants and it is written in my bible

Will somebody please pinch me?  Does anyone listen to, or believe anything that comes out of this woman's mouth? She should be the wife of Obama ~ Mr. and Mrs. Pinocchio.

Whatever.  In 50 years, I'll be dead for sure.  In 80 years, everyone else reading this will be dead also.  I've got a lot of stuff to worry about before then.  What two people do without hurting anyone else is not my concern.

Well DUH, look at her what man would want her.  She will look for love anywhere!!!

And now onto other news no one cares about ! Take it away Bob .

She had to go gay.  She doesn't like cigars.

WHAT DOES IT MATTERWell I am not surprised at all.  I guess her compaign is starting.   The Clintons would support anybody to be elected  if they run for office.We already knew she would be support Gay marriage. What is next?  Let non citizens vote?

I was hoping for some support for the Ambassador in Benghazi.................she just continues to disappoint.................what a tool.........

Maybe her and Monica can finally get together now.

Now if Hillary would develop a set of Balls and go agaist her party, that would be worth reporting.

My suspicions are confirmed , Janet Reno is the father of Chelsea.

Hillary's next position should be Ambassador to Mars. When the aliens get one look at Hillary, they will scream, we always knew there was no intelligent life on earth and will leave us alone.

Democrats are going to shove gay marriage, making illegal law breaking  people citizens and taxes right down our throats. They could care less about what the bible says they don't believe just pretend to, they could care less about what the majority of the country thinks either they feel they are GOD. Give them a half chance and will take our guns away as well. Hillary is a know bi sexual, don't believe it look at 3 nominations Bill had turned down all gay women and all were her college roomates. She was only mad at Bill for all the women he raped or molested because he did not share. Common knowledge here in Arkansas he is a rapist she is bi sexual.

The "Gay" label has such a negative, stigma associated with it, isn't it time to retire that word just as we retired the "N" word.   There are many same sex partners and good friends who are not "Gay".    It's about time to establish a new class called "Designated Legal Partners" which would be recognized by the courts with the same rights and responsibilities as traditional married couples.. . . Leave the Gay Pride movement for the perverts.

goddam pervert !

your kids or you; if someone on the street is speaking to you it's important to listen or yell to find out if they are talking to you.  as a young person in school, they start sorting out lifetime jobs or training; but many may have skills such as farming,hunting,babysitting that shouldn't be ground into the ground.what can you expect her old man had sex in the white houes

and abortion,gun control, more welfare, yeah and who's surprised by this?

these shows like the maury show, jerry springer (the ex mayor of cincinati?); those were closed tv monitoring shows for injured, #$%$ who needed to be watched or sat with i think.more preppy 'putting your overly friskies on &amp; acting out the fool, scaring or embarrasing people with talk of multiple sex adventures &amp; pick which one you want'.  investigating people for lying or not saying the same thing to 10 or 20 different people.many marriages included other close friends.  the confusion caused by preppy #$%$; would moms leaving so the family could get help while she went in the hospital; this with good old Mom is a built in babysitter free in their own marriage.

The court will hear oral arguments  -- regarding gay marriage?? What other kind of support or argument is there when it comes to gays?

The picture of Hillary was taken during a self induced orgasm, while being interviewed about gay marriage, a topic she regularly discussed with foreign leaders as secretary of state.

The Panderer strikes again!  Way to be, you power hungry B!  No more Clintons, No more Bushes in 2016 please!!!!!!

I like Hillary. I'd enjoy having tea with her sometime.But it will be time for new blood in the democrat party for the 2016 election, and I'd rather she put her energy into that than she lay the groundwork for her own run.

Apparantly, her focus will not be on jobs and the economy, either.

if somehow this person and michelle nobama get nominated on the democratic ticket there will be no way for them to lose. they will get the woman vote, the minority vote, the free stuff people vote, the gay vote. They just want get the pay for everything sensible people vote.

After her performance in "Benghazi", if anyone voted for her for anything other than dogcatcher, I would be ashamed. Her family has been shaming this nation now for over twenty years.I am looking for a man da hug N kiss.  My name is Amanda Hugnkiss......

This is not news, all LIBERAL DEMOCRATS support Gay Marriage. I still believe it is nothing more than a "Power Grab" and the Liberal Democrats don't really care about the gay people they are just caring that they get their vote. Power and control of People is the Liberal Democrat Agenda

Starting early for a run in 2016, she has to start chumming up the votes. There should be a Truth/Lie meter politicians should have to wear with lights on it !

And this is supposed to shock us?

Oh dear I had no idea. So what do I care.

this interest on mortgages, elicits the response 'we, already spent that interest for you' now we don't have to give you a tally.  in other words it's their money or yours they've taken custody of or arranged for you to have; but it's on a rubber band like your fixed mortgage house.

certain jobs; if you have a lot of asset,credit showing,handle state,fedl money in 'your franchise name', would have an overlay of 'single' or 'gay' label in that 'work name only' which if you are misled in the use of 'work names' or reserved names may be lost or demeaned,at the least if not bludgeoned, if you are alone in that name.  the misunderstandings, lack of support, confusion, trauma might cause one to be 'held prisoner' in an assumed name forever, because something about their living, income, housing arrangements is say 'like fixed rate security based interest mortgage contracts leaves others with strings attached to that contract' or the owner of same not explained to as to 'their position'.

your about 10 years to late for the homosexual community. You will not get the nomination in 2016. Gays, blacks and hispanics don't like you and that is the democratic party of 2016.

Too bad she didn't support Chris Stevens!  We wont forget Benghazi Madam Secretary.

Why is this news?  I mean I am glad she supports it but that is like saying: "Leading Scientists support science in a recent survey."  If she DID NOT support it it would be more of a surprise.you would probably find 'gay' marriages if your assets were provided or given to you, marked as state, fedl property i would guess.  however, all those upper offices, like high tech work, human surgery, medicines; aren't called enough to give them a regular job so they like the rest of us, must be tied into permanent supply of necessities.

who cares

Gay men aren't allowed to donate blood because of the risk of HIV.

God still hears and answers prayer.  Seek God for yourself it is the responsibility of every human being. God can be found and he does answer. The Holy Spirit is alive and well just like the apostle Peter said and just like the book of Acts depicts. Read your Holy Bible.

If you ever head the taped phone conversations that Bill had with Jennifer you heard why she might support it, comment was too graphic to print here.

If you don't like gay marriage, don't get gay married.

Let me get this straight . Bill &amp; Hillary are exchanging genders and titles ? He's going to have his 'Monica toy' removed and reattached on Hillary . This gives Bill the opportunity to become '1st Lady', should his 'wife/husband' becomes President .

But then, what would you expect from hill and bill?

She can now marry Janet Reno

Just drumming for votes in a few years....SO FUNNY: Gays demand WE stay out of THEIR Bedrooms....then FORCE US to Debate their SEX Lives....JUST SICK!!!!

I do not blame her after being married to Big BILL.

It's funny, all these anti gay comments tell me one thing....I'm jealous.

I will tell you again, just one more time, stop speaking for me.Stop telling people what I think.Stop telling people what my "plan" is.Stop telling people that homosexuals whom I have made in my image are less than others.I made homosexuality, as a gift, a blessing .....Don’t disrespect my works; homosexuality is neither "poison" nor "brokenness" it is the way I have created for the expression of love.All of you extremists, and so called "born-agains," I spit from my mouth (recognize the image?)Because of your intolerance of the world I retreated.Signed:God.

Net year she will finally come out of the closet that she is gay.  I always thought her and Janet Reno had a thing.

"God given potential"--Do not bring GOD into this conversation you stupid b*tch ! GOD would not allow this !

Finally she came out of the closet!

Bill you lucky guy hillary is turning gay. Go find Monica. Dont forget the C-gars.

IT'S REALLY THIS SIMPLE....If you do NOT believe in God, then you can support rape, incest, homosexuality, pedophilia or any deviant act of perversion you choose.

Marriage is reserved for men and women. Just because Liberal, godless lawmakers are letting it happen does not mean it will be recognized by god. You will have plenty of company in hell.How many would love if a private Jet fell out of the sky, and fell on this old prune.?

I only clicked on the link to see the usual group of bigots whining and crying.  Wasn't disappointed.

Who cares? Hilary        Who cares????

Good for her.

Six out of ten American males are gay now, what can politicians do ? In ten years you will be a gay or a Muslim, make your choice now !

America is a gay majority country, American politicians have to bow to public demand.U S Gay !Well still have little time, accept Islam now or go gay.

Disgusting.

You might as well announce your resignation also !

Never vote for a pervacrat again ! or dumbocrat, or democrap,,,peiceocrap !

Why do u people think oh bill had to stray off and get some! LolThis morning on FOX, I heard some republican say, "Just because we believe Marriage is between a man and a women does mean that we don't want Gays &amp; Lesbians as part of party; we need to explain on how our policies will improve their lives."So in other words, we don't like you, but you can play with us as long as you realize you can't have what we have.  Nice makeover.

Bigots sure are entertaining. Reading their posts is always good for a laugh, especially the ones that quote fairy tales.

of  course she is going to support gay marriage!!  she is gay her self(lesbian)  it all came out when her husband  got caught with the  intern years ago!

It has always been easier to climb down a ladder.

clinton vs palin. pay per view august 10th 2015

The favorite defense the hoe moes like to use, is to change the subject into anti-Christian attacks. How does attacking Christians justify perverting your sexual organs into abnormal behavior? Christians didn't cause you to pervert yourselves. If no religion ever existed, you'd still be perverts!

Slick Willy won`t give it to her anymore! Guess she decided to play for the other team!

Why do these hate groups focus on homosexuals and homosexual intercourse? Shouldn't they worry more about the divorce rates and straight couples who don't remain faithful to their partner and the commitment known as "marriage" since they claim to be "protecting the sanctity of marriage".Alliance Defense FundAmerican Family AssociationAmerican Vision*Chalcedon Foundation*Christian Action NetworkConcerned Women for AmericaCoral Ridge Ministries/Center for Reclaiming AmericaFamily Research CouncilFamily Research Institute*Focus on the FamilySummit MinistriesTraditional Values Coalition

Pandering to Perverts!!!

Doesn't surprise me...the harpy.AND THEN THERE ARE THOSE ...you hope to read about having cancer, or aids.

Why do homophobic people think/talk more about homosexual intercourse than most gay people?

too bad she wasn't against helping the people in Bengazi

She looks too sick to be president or too work!

Another political invertebrate.

Yes but does she support straight sex marriage? I don't think she can.

Oh ya, guess  witchie  pooh  just evolved like her boy in the whitehouse ! Hay witch, why did you let 4 americans get murdered in benguhazi ? Oh, thats right "it just does'nt matter " thats what you said ! You are pathetic !

Thats what we need, advice from Hillary on marriage. Why do they say "gay and lesbian" thought they were synonymous. ??

Democrats--Supporting Sludge Since 1848.

Hillary, DIE already.I still believe marriage should be limited to Man and Woman, it has been working as an institution all of these years now we need to redefine it? What is wrong with Civil Unions? This would serve the same purpose, far as rights goes, Gay couples could still have Wedding Ceremonies, and everybody's happy.

another newsworthy event!

Yes, continue to support immorilty and by doing that keep bringing down our American beliefs and values down along with bringing America down on its knees.

Republican  "Selective Christianity"Homosexuality is an abomination.The wearing of 2 different fibers on your body and men cutting their hair at the temples ISN'T

That's as good as an announcement for her run for 2016...Shes going for the Drag Queen vote, and shes gonna get it-after all she looks like one...

Lesbians and #$%$ are the only voters Bill Clinton hasnt tried to #$%$ But Hillary will

Shes a wastes.

NOW WE KNOW WHY HER HUSBAND LOOKED ELSE WHERE.

That's because no man would have her.

Or course she does,she is going to be running for the oval office and she doesn't want to miss out on them gay votes.these people who choose to be gay are so blind.None of these politicians support people who choose to be gay,they are just after the fruitcakes votes!!!  I want to give a shout out to the gay liberal homosexual staff at yahoo,keep up the great work u are doing spreading this gay propaganda,it keeps us anti-gay hero's amused.Of course she does because she's a lesbo herself.

Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no mythology, for logic is with me; your book and your god, they do not scare me.

she just lost my VOTE

And the "news" media has declared their support for Hillary.

MISS CLINTON, BLOOMBERG AND OBAMA  ALL STINK.

OBAMA to sign the FUDGE-Pack Act of 2013

Below are profiles of a dozen of today's most influential anti-gay groups. Groups designated as hate groups by the Southern Poverty Law Center are marked with an asterisk.Alliance Defense FundAmerican Family AssociationAmerican Vision*Chalcedon Foundation*Christian Action NetworkConcerned Women for AmericaCoral Ridge Ministries/Center for Reclaiming AmericaFamily Research CouncilFamily Research Institute*Focus on the FamilySummit MinistriesTraditional Values Coalition

I don't think this is news, were there people out there thinking she did not?

The family research council terrorists are out in full force.  Too bad Americans don't cower to terrorism.

Big surprise.  She is a lesbian herself.Big surprise.  She is a lesbian herself.

Hillary, lets get some answers from Benghazi instead of secrets from your gay closet.

Israel made America gay.

Hillary's 2016 campaign slogan - "What Difference Does It Make?"

This is no surprise. What is a surprise is that people buy into this ploy. Hillary is doing nothing more than setting herself up for 2016. Slick Willie came out last week saying the same thing. The Republican Party is hinting at the same thing. If these career politicians thought that it would win them an election, they would support pedophilia.

George Alan Rekers, a prominent anti-gay activist who co-founded the conservative Family Research Council, was caught returning from a 10-day trip to Europe with a male escort he found on a website called "Rent Boy" which is exactly what it sounds like.[UPDATE: The escort now says Rekers is indeed gay, and that Rekers paid him to perform daily nude body rubs during their European jaunt. "It's a situation where he's going against homosexuality when he is a homosexual," the young man told the New Times, adding that Rekers -- who repeatedly asked for a move he dubbed "The Long Stroke" -- ought to divorce himself from his many anti-gay associations.Rekers has a new explanation for the trip. "I deliberately spend time with sinners with the loving goal to try to help them," he said in a statement posted on Facebook.

Nobody cares what you think.

The perfect scam: The last unexploded Mission Impossible message.

It’s just a matter of time....It’s just a matter of time before same sex marriage is legal in ALL 50 States ~ Nothing can hold us back... We've gone from being able to be arrested back in 1969 for simply being in a gay bar - to "popular culture" in the 1980's &amp; 90's We were "special oddities" ~ To finally on the cusp of real equality in 2013... In the Land of Where "All Men are Created Equal"We are Gay Americans ~ We’re NOT going back into the closet...In 2013 young Americans hardly see the difference between Gay and Straight ~ Its only the Old guard that is afraid of what they don’t really know anything about ~ The Old Guard will pass away one day and this will only be a memory of what was…It’s the RIGHT thing to do and is inevitable - You can’t stop it any more than you could stop the Tides from flowing nor the Wind from blowing...Gay Marriage all across America ~ it’s just a matter of time...

Hillary coming out of the closet,,,,,now ,,hanging out at the BULL DIKE BAR,no more clondikebar...........................Well she looks like a Lesbian! So I'm not surprised!

So many FAMILY RESEARCH COUNCIL (and other hate group) members are posting. I wonder why they seem to flock to every single article that discusses homosexuality like gnats.

Why do homophobic and hate groups(such as the FAMILY RESEARCH COUNCIL) talk/think about homosexual intercourse so much? I swear they are more interested in homosexual intercourse than most gay people are.

Rapidly gaining public approval my as*!!!!!!! Hey Hill, crack a bible open just once, you will see how ridiculously wrong and foolish you are. Let's just take our body parts and stick them anywhere we want. You can try to create all the earthly laws you want, but whats wrong is wrong. Period.

Separation of church and state, anyone? NO RELIGION, especially Christianty, runs this country.

GET GOVERNMENT OUT OF THE MARRIAGE BUSINESS!GBLT citizens need to realize that you HAVE the right to do as you please and you DO NOT need the gooberments approval! Instead of fighting for the shortsided goal of just gay marriage, why don't you fight to GET GOVERNMENT OUT OF THE MARRIAGE BUSINESS ALTOGETHER!We can only be a free society when we all get what we seek(within reason). There should be no special rights afforded to any one group, we are all individuals.

Ahh, a progresive po-smoker from wayback.

Just another reason in a long list of things for me to not like her.

She's specifiying this?  But seriously....  "what difference does it make?"

Thank goodness we don't look to Old Semen Stain and and a woman who puts up with his perversions for our morals--well, most of us don't.Hey, when my grandpa had a stroke they gave him glasses just like Hillary is wearing.

She now has my vote in 2016!

God made it QUITE clear that it's an ABOMINATION to wear 2 different fibers on you body.What's your Point ?

How many folk to you think, would like to hard punch this witch in the mouth.?She, and others knew about the Benghazi threat...and did nothing.

She'll be the next President, and we'll all find out just how overrated the Clinton's really are.  Let them try to clean up Barry's trainwreck.

Political expediency for 2016. Bill signed DOMA while in office and now regrets it. Timing is everything for these two...

This is more proof that Hillary Clinton is positioning herself for another run at the White House. With the way the current GOP lineup is shaping it would seem to be an easy victory for her. The republicans haven't learned anything from their last national loss (which makes 5 of 6 now). If they dont change their message then they will be stuck with an out dated platform that doesnt match the feelings of American voters at all.

This county of USA is starting to seem more and more familiar to Sodom and Gomorrah...

Homosexuality is not a race, it's a sin...MOST law is derived from morality. Morality has it's roots in the Bible, as 'absolutes.' Thus, law is derived from morality. If we all were to have our own morality without having absolutes, we'd have anarchy. In fact, most law is derived from the 10 Commandments. If you think this has no place in America, try reading the Declaration of Independence, or take a tour of DC and just take a look at all these 'moral' things inscribed on our Nations monuments.God Bless all of you.

She will say anything to get elected.Flip Flop Flip Flop...........................Votes Votes Votes................

How about she support ambassadors with some decent security . . . oh wait, too busy dancing in Africa and getting ready for 2016.

UP NEXT!  "I stand behind people who want to marry their farm animals!"

the headline should say" clinton announces white house bid for 2016 "

I have a neighbor who insists on working on the Sabbath. Exodus 35:2. clearly states he should be put to death. Am I morally obligated to kill him myself, or should I ask the police to do it?  If you choose to follow The Word in the Bible, you can't cherry pick just the passages you like. Accepting Gay marriage is just like anything else in history for evolving people. We used to not allow women or blacks to vote. Then most of us evolved. Have you?

Once again, the pious prove their capacity for idiocy over logical thought.It is instructive to note the various comments from the pious about homosexuality being 'sinful'. Presumably the Bible dictates their morality. So, I have an offer for every falesly pious buffoon out there who thinks that Biblical morality is the standard we should adopt. I want you to sell me your youngest child. Or your wife. I need a slave, and slavery is just dandy according to your good book.So, either the Bible is right, and slavery is ok by God. Or the Bible is wrong, in which case it cannot be used to label homosexuality as a sin. Either way, I think we can dispense with the Bible as a source of morality.

She's gay herself, isn't she? Like Eleanor Roosevelt?

how come no one has asked Gaby Giffords what her opinion is? As for Hillary, please have a steaming cup of #$%$ and go away.

I'm a firm believer that people's beliefs can and do change. The issue here is whether or not we believe her. Has she really had a change of heart or is she trying to drum up support for a POS run? For 99% of us the answer is obvious. I'm still undecided on this issue. I fall torwards seperation of church and state. Whether or not homosexuality is a sin or not is an argument for the church. My spiritual beliefs cannot be forced on others. Would I vote for Hillary? No way. I'm not a partisan voter. If the democrats want my vote they better look at someone else.

Good ole hilary is gearing up, she will push for the gays,the illegals,stupid woman who think they have no rights..give me a break already, row vs wade which we all know will NOT be overturned but she will "use" it anyway and of course lets not forget the entitled. Same old democrat stunts...I think I'd vote in Obama a 3rd time before I voted for her. And Obama SUCKS!

Hillary  does  not  beleive in  God , so  what  is  new.

What do I care... I won’t vote for that incompetent murder one way or the other.

Naaaa she's not running in 2016

well of COURSE she does! Dems always go after the low info bottom feeders! Does this come as a shock? Flip/flop, just like any other politician.

of course she supports them she needs the votes hey Hitlary cliton #$%$ you

The easiest solution to this problem would be for the government to no longer allow religious organizations to issue marriage licenses.  That is not to ban Religious Marriage as they can still have whatever ceremony they'd like but to keep Civil Marriage completely separate.Then we wouldn't have to worry about these bible thumpers quoting the bible and crying about how their marriage is affected because the two would have nothing to do with each other.  Which they really don't know but hopefully the full separation would let the religious nuts see it more clearly.

Of course she would, her mentor from hell, side kick of Satan...Mr. Obama, does support them so obviously she would too. Wonder how they'll like it in hell once their dark-god turns on them...??? Sad thing to see them sell their souls like this for political advancement and empty deal promises from their devil-god.

we would all like to hear from the 33 survivors of benghazi before she announces canidacy for pres. in 2016

I don't think she means that she is well educated and intelligent.Hillary supporting gays.  That's like saying the Pope is Catholic.  Duh!

but the media was silent on this fraud over Benghazi/??

Let's see, Hillary supports for the Gays and Lesbians. Let me ask Hillary these questions. Please define, in scientifical terms, a gay or lesbian person from the straight person? . How can you tell them apart? Is gay a self proclaim title ?

I thought she already did LOL

Hillary tells you to feed your kids gay. She's still working on jobs.Hillary gay don't feed the starving in this country.

Well duhh... Of course the #$%$ in a "not so good disguise" would say that!

The people against gays are men with small genitals or closeted homosexuals.

She is still pining for the nights with Janet Reno...

I guess with Bill out doing everthing that has a heartbeat this lonely woman turned gay

Thousands of comments. Number of logical arguments against same sex marriage? Zero.The African Americans is just sitting there allowing their noble civil rights struggle to be upstaged by gays who hasn't suffered nothing like they suffered. The gays are just riding piggy-back off the blood of those massacred and enslaved for centuries. The gays were already doing what they do anyway.

Macklemore and Ryan Lewis – Same Love. Everyone needs to watch that music video on YouTube.

Does anybody read or believe in the Bible anymore?

She likes carpet munchers, after all she can't Bill to do it.

Imagine that! Another gay story on Gayhoo!

Amurderer and a liar for president? Well i guess its about the same as we have now holder will be next lol

so sad she supports gay marriage but doesnt support the people getting kill in BANGAZI ITS A BUMP IN THE ROAD AND WHO CARE! HUH CLINTONSHE IS DOING THIS TO TRY TO GET VOTES IF SHE RUNS FOR PRESIDENT OMG HELP US

I promote Hilliary shutting the frack up!

If she had done this when she was running for president she would have got the nomination from the King makers

And her run for president begins. Maybe they will run daughter as vp.If anybody  needs her support for anything else,do not hesitate to let her know before her presidential campaign starts.

Gay marrage? Marrage is between a man and a woman peroid, there is no such thing as a gay marrage. You can call it a union or what ever but it isn't marrage.The Dems. will say anything to get the votes!! I don't judge gays God will do that.

Is it campaigning time already?

why such a surprised look on her face.... You'd think she was being asked if she's gay.

What Happened?    The Moral Majority didn't turn out to be the Majority.........Anyone know what ever happened to Anita  Byrant?

If you are a true Christian&gt;&gt;&gt;I would be very careful on your stance on gay/lesbian issues. The Bible is our authority on lifes' issues. Are we "taking away or adding" to what it teaches?

Of COURSE she is all for it, ain't like slick Willie has been dipping his wick in that lamp oil anytime recently, and, it is a few more people swayed to vote her way, I bet she will REALLY LOVE, Illegal Immigrant Homosexual couples whose votes are easily gained with a few "perks"

David, your statistic may be true. (actually, those statitics are probably 3 decades ago) But for arguemnents sake let's say they are true.  Gay people are more ane more in monagamous relationship. Otherwise they wouldn't we interested in marriage. And the ones who are not, are no different from straight people who are not in monogamous relationships.

Homosexuals are a disease just look at the STD rates compared to heterosexuals!

There are MORE straight people in this world with HIV/AIDS than gay people. Both virus's were first discovered in straight people in Africa. So why do you homophobic people claim that it's a "gay disease"?She is looking more and more like her daughter everyday, UGLYYYYYY.

Please would someone explain what negative effect same sex marriage would have on the following:Heterosexual marriage.The nationYour day to day life.I fail to see any potential negative impact it would have on anything.

Hillary is starting her run for president.

Wow. She has gotten old hasn't she.

25 thousand kids will die today because they have no food. America spends the money they could have fed them on gay rights?

Not surprising.  She showed her weakness for the bizarre relations when she didn't dump her  husband for his antics in "our" oval office.  Will we ever hear the end of the Clintons.

Soooo if she runs for Prez in 2016 USING the #$%$ vote and probably the hispanic vote and the"freestuff good vote", do we get to talk about the killings in Benghazi?  Or hey how about the murder of Vince Foster and when he was found in the park, but he had carpet fibers all over his suit, no dirt on his shoes, you can't hold onto a gun when u shoot yourself in the head AND the fact that his Files were found under HITLERY'S bed by the maid? Plus remember Hitlery believes there are too many people in the world [read her quotes in 1972], if you believe like that, a person might do things to get rid of people? Pure evil she is!

What else would you expect from an incompetent gay drunk? FACT

Like you cares what Hillary wants? Supposedly she is a good Baptist, so see know better than to throw this issue into the face of God.  His Word declares marriage, God institution, is between a man and a woman. Violate that at your peril.

She's probably a lesbo anyway.See Hilary run, see Hilary Chum for votes, see Hilary still Not make nomination ....

Why is it so hard for religious people to understand not everyone subscribes to the same sense of morality as they do?

at the end of the day,..............  who cares what she says

It's a GOOD thing that NO religion runs this country.

HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!

Clinton ,you are a turn coat just like the rest of the democrats.i would like to know what changed your mind.when you and your husband had the whit house,you sure didn't feel like that.is there something in it for you?

she's most likey is a lesbian since bill got some one to smoke is cigar.this all for getting votes.democrats is killing this country.

birds of a feather...

Who cares what Hilrat Clinton thinks. She also thinks it's OK if your spouse has an extramarital affair. LOSER!

She like Obama has crunched the numbers and found the tipping point on public opinion and suddenly has a change in her core principles which really means she has no principles at all.And it's only going to get worst, God will punish us, and is already.

I really can't stand the site of the Clintons.  Do a little research on what they did in Arkansas.  Slick Willy is a sexual predator and hillary is a pathelogical liar.  Do a little research, don't let a goat lead you.

Yep, she was against it before she was for it. Libs are so funny. They're willing to change their core beliefs for political expediency. What all this means in layman's terms is that she (like most libs) have no values, nor strength of character, no moral compass whatsoever.

Why don't we go back to the days of Rome and allow all sorts of perversion to run rampant in our society.  Then we can sit back and watch this mighty empire crumble to the ground.  Remember we are one country under God.  What god?  Surly not the one that inspired the Bible.

Well of course. After all she is gay.

There is her "IN" for the Gay Vote in 2016!

Of course she does she is gay.

She really is a 'Closet Queen', isn't she.    She and Bill have similar tastes in women, any woman who likes being degraded.   So, it is only logical she supports an lgbt recruitment agenda.

Whats next dogs and sheep this is a joke.gay people know that this is wrong just admit it.gross.....

I think Hilliary is a little more cockeyed than we first thought!She probably will divorce Bill to marry one of the them

A lesbian supporting gay-rights?  OMG!!!!  THIS is what passes for news in the j-00 controlled Amerika, people, and you are to blame for this take-over because you sat-back and ALLOWED our nation to be taken-over and systematically destroyed, just like the other nations that allowed their take-over.

After all these years with bill, I wonder what social disease she has been treated for ?

Good for her, at least she has some human dignity.

Hillary and Bill were  against gay marriage, and used the issue.  Now, they have changed their tune just like Obama.

Is there a reason why we never seen headlines about a homosexual who renounces there homosexuality?  Does anyone realize that every politician that comes out in favor was then previously opposed?  What are there motives?  These articles are all trash!!!!

Color me shocked. A liberal flip flopping on an issue because they thinks it's the right position to take politically. Neither her nor her serial adulterer husband had the integrity to support gay marriage because they thought it was the wrong move politically. Now we are just supposed to believe both of them have had some great revelation regarding gay marriage??? Lol. Puhlease. Now that she  believes the winds are supposedly behind gay marriage old Hillary comes out in favor of it. She might want to chk the results of even the most liberal states that have a vote on gay marriage.

So, what rights are being taken away from heterosexuals?

If marriage is only for reproducing: then why are infertile or older couples able to marry since they cannot reproduce?

Hillarious Clinton “What difference at this point does it make?”at this stage it does not really matter what the precise origins or motives of the attack were.“As I have said many times since September 11, I take responsibility.  Nobody is more committed to getting this right.  I am determined to leave the State Department and our country safer, stronger, and more secure.”Gotts get that #$%$ vote!!

This aint nothing but lipstick on a pig, man.

Heard it hear first at gAyBC and gaYHoo.  Fund and supported by your gay dollars.

Sorry Yahoo,  no matter how hard you try, I'm not going to buy into homosexuality being anything other than a lifestyle choice, not born that way, or can't help that I'm gay, it is their choice.

vote ho

I'm surprised she doesn't advocate a no sex marriage.

Let us not forget this women watched our Ambassador and others die in Banghazi.

Thank God, we have that resolved, who gives two #$%$ what she thinks, just go spend your millions, enjoy your secret service limo rides, and go eat dinner at your daughters 10.5 million apartment. Please, just leave...go home, thanks for your time as the sec of state, and leave the rest of us alone, and say hello to Monica, she did what you couldnt

everything the u.s. stands for these days is "gay"

Now theres a shock for you, NOT.A lesbian supports gay marriage.?! What a surprise.

Do it matter what god has to say about the issue? Guess not!

Again I say read Romans1:17-32 Father God is in control.

Enlightened self-interest.  She is just wanting to open more options after she kicks Bill to the curb.

Why did she marry Bill then?

This would be bigger news if John #$%$ stated his support for marriage equality, but no suprise that Hillary does.  Still, I guess she wanted to make it clear since the Clinton admin wasn't completely for it 20 years ago.

Well......maybe the old hag is jelous and wants in on Willys action.

and why wouldnt she shes fawking #$%$ herself

Imagine that; Hillary Clinton is pro gay marriage..  As for such marriages "rapidly gaining public approval", I doubt that.  Opponents of such measures are demonized, could even lose your job because you "create an unfavorable atmosphere".  One day the lid will blow off and there will be hell to pay all around.

Stop traffic...Im curious as to why the FRC calls George Alan Rekers simply a "member" when he was the CO FOUNDER?

"Til death do us part"....does that ring a bell with anyone? Divorce isn't normal and goes against everything marriage stands for.

Carpet muncher!! I knew it.

She just wants votes that's all and supporting gay marriage of course she will get it. But i still and hope that law doesn't pass because marriage is sacret between man and woman. If that law passes won't be anymore.

Shocker,  now ask her why Benghazi happened...

No surprise, look what she got stuck with.

Look at her face;  did you expect anything less?President Hilary &amp; V.P. Michelle Obama...if Hussein Obama hasn't completely destroyed this once-great country by 2016, then they certainly will finish the agenda.GOD SAVE US.

She must be looking for a new Husband.

I knew that this was going to happend, she never was good at her job. Now she is coming out with her feelings, after she retired from her last job. And we call them politicans  ha ha

one nation ,under gays,with liberty and justice for gays.how sick.Wow! Real shocker!  And tell me JULIE PACE and KEN THOMAS how exactly this "social issue" is so popular?  It's because people like you are constantly shoving it down all our throats until we're all desensitized!!  Digusting liberal, compromising band wagoner's!  Keep bedroom issues in the bedroom...I don't hear anyone talking about heterosexual marriages unless the couple is jumping out of an airplane at 35k feet and an organutan is performing the nuptials.

These announcements come at uncanny intervals. Like in waves. Maybe I can setup an office betting pool, where we wager in the timing of the next "announcement".When will America realize that it is being bullied?

I believe Sen. Clinton has always supported gay marriage, she was opposed to verbal support of gay marriage. As a longtime supporter of gay marriage I'm wary and weary of these politicians who "evolve" on this issue. Just because we support a political party doesn't mean we can't call political expediency when we see it. I like Sen. Clinton but her actions of late have me questioning whether or not I've been conned. The faux anger at the Bengazi hearing (you noticed she didn't answer the questions), now this, it would appear she's more interested in her political future than truth.

Your next liberal president if we don't get to work to STOP her.

Lets give the visionary credit where it's due for both NAFTA and Gay Marriage.

Would expect no less from her.  She's a certified liberal with no doubt some lesbian tendencies, and not nice either.

Well there's another things that Hillary and I have in common!!!  We both support Legal Gay Marriage nationwide in the United States of America !!!

Well, let's see, Clinton already has the minority vote and the women's vote, now the gay vote. Oh, yeah, all those white male liberals. So I guess all the GOP can do is run Sarah Palin in 2016. She's got the NRA and those snappy one-liners, ya know.

Saying or doing something just for a vote.... What a sad sad world we live in!  I truly believe that if America does not get back to doing what is morally, spiritually and scripturely right, that this will be the end as we know it!

Hi america my name is Hillary Rodham Clinton some of you may remember me from that outragous Rose law firm scandal called White Water land aquistisiton while my beloved man of men was running for president wasnt that such a lie any way? Well I just want to let my beloved fans know I am coming out of the closet finally and I am sure none new my secret but I am confessing I support homosexuality. There now lets move forward to the presidency in 2016 and when I win I will disclose to you my mistress. Vote for me I will continue to support free housing, drug use, aborting those nasty unwelcome babies, stripping you sheep of your constitutional rights and replacing it with socialism , constraining those nasty successful people who earned and honest living and succeeded in business and promote the gospel of big government and reserve the Christian bible for a special place in the White House bathroom when I get back in my house. Bye all keep posted on CNN for the latest and greatest ventures I have galloping around the world and living off the fat of the land at your expense so keep those taxes coming till I get home and will show you: reallly a lessen in wasteful spending you never imagined. Kisses to all my girls and boy friends and let me not forget my hispanic and black supporters God forbid ( uhooh ddi I really say God) lest you get some sense and vote the other way.Which way is the wind blowing today?Just follow the lemmings...

She's out to become the first divorced, feminist, gay, married female POTUS to a gay Hispanic Jew. She'll have to do this by 2016 to have all the demographics sown up,

Now if she'd just come out publicly in support of our government actively preventing the murder of US diplomats abroad...

That did not have to be announced..she is among the immoral that are trying to lead...She among others like her are ruining our Beloved USA...She will answer to God in the End..Prayers for our Nation..!!!!!

Of course she does, shes out of the woods with her kid

since she always wore pants, i have often wondered if she wore briefs or boxers

I new she would, now when Bill get's the b a l l s to leave her she can marry her girl friend.God Bless America, Semper Fi

Birds of a feather really do flock together and that's no surprise!

The fall she had has really effected her brain ..

I guess so, cause Bill's out doing other women and Hillary needs companionship!   LOLPolititians who talk about such social issues will do anything to get elected and can't be trusted!We always knew Hillary couldn't be trusted.

Another Obama's Zombie

Go back in the closet it was a better place to be before you all were liberated.You can't bend over now with out worrying who is behind you.ouch that hurts.  Read your Bible it will tell you the truth and set you free.

Of course she is supporting gay marriages.It's what the majority now wants.

Typical politician. Non christian stance at that. Anything to get into the big house in 2016. You could give me the earth and stars and I still would not support the qwear agenda.

Nice when a Dem take the position of reducing GovT power, however strange it may be to hear.

If you want to run for democrat president you have to embrace gay marriages, give illegal immigrant’s citizenship, welfare, food stamps, Medicare, Medicaid and first spot at all jobs even if they like other are not qualified for the jobs. American fall last in that category.

SHE has been a Carpet muncher since 1978.....no news....here

OBAMA = Black Hitlers Cousin

Hillary: "I support any and all issues that will help me get elected president of the United States. I have no moral or ethical beliefs that would prevent me from promoting the interests and beliefs of my campaign donors. I swear this on the fidelity and good moral character of my husband, The Honorable William Jefferson Clinton".Where obama goes the sheep follow!  ...hill...arious !!

Her opinion is supposed to influence mine...How ???????? mmmmmmm

It's funny watching hate group members (such as the Family Research Council) say that they aren't a hate group &amp; are just trying to protect the sanctity of marriage.....even though their sole purpose is to advocate against gay rights. Yeah, sounds very "family friendly".

Gay Marriages:   The battle between the logical and Bronze Age Mentality

Why do hate groups, such as the Family Research Council, focus so much on homosexuals and homosexual intercourse? Shouldn't the focus more on divorce, infidelity, and those who don't commit to "til death do us part" if they are so worried about the "sanctity" of marriage being ruined?

I think I know where she is going with this.

Who gives a #$%$ what she like or thinks.get the hell out, go and hide in a cave you ugly #$%$

Equal rights under the law applies to all.  Glad that Mrs. Clinton agrees, and am hopeful that will she be the next POTUS !

It would be nice if the religious fanatics would stop trying to shove their beliefs down our throats. This country was founded on indivdual rights, not the rights of religion.

gaaahhhhllllleeeeeeee jethro. would you just look at that.Votes and $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$.

I can also see by the low level of negative comments the general mentality of those opposed to gay marriage. They seem to center on derogatory comments about Hilary or her family. There is rarely an intelligent post by anyone opposed or a substantive argument against gay marriage other than some religious mumbo jumbo. If god was so opposed to homosexuality  why has he created so many gays? Roughly 10% of humanity is gay, who cares, let's move on.

Bill announced his support for Oprah's Tig Ol Bitties.

I will agree with Leviticus:  It's an abomination to eat shell fish.  There NASTY and REVOLTING!  Everyone knows you shouldn’t put an oyster in your mouth.What’s wrong with these sick clam suckers?  It’s an ABOMINATION and we have stop these people keep them away from our children. The moral fiber of the U.S. is at stake!

Gee, for 8 years while her husband was president she was against it. Now she's all for it. Another phony politician.

When a son is born to a man it's a proud moment. He doesn't go to his friends and says I hope he can suck a mean pipe! It's just not something we do!

The Lying Liberal Press obviously has some air brushing and photo shopping to do on "Over The Hill"

she gave it up for Monica. what a supprise shes finally coming out!

Don't agree with gay marriage? Then don't marry a gay person.Don't like gay people? Blame straight people - they're the ones who keep having gay babies.

"Civil Marriage IS a Civil Right", Mrs. Coretta Scott King . . .Does  HIllary have  nuts , Bill  said  Yes !!!

What a joke! Anything to get elected! Maybe she's a homosexual! Who could tell looking through those dark glasses.

I Am For It..NO, I Am Against It..No, No I Think I Am For It Again..Wait Now Which Way Am I Suppose To Lean To Get More support?..Glad Supporting Wild Donkey Sex Hasn't Found Its Way To The Podium Yet....Hee Haw Hee Haw...

Sick lib. Is anyone surprised by this???

Westbrook baptist church has a lot of yahoo accounts

who cares??

The pathetic Christian reicht wants to bring back hitler from the dead.  They are evil.

Republicans apparently are to stupid to realize that Bill Clinton got reelected even after it was found out he got a BJ

WOW! You would think Hillary would announce support for now JOB's!!!!!!   Who cares about #$%$ and Lesbo's!

what a load  of bull.hillary, no matter what you say,you will not get the presidency.especially after the big bengahzi lie.Pandering already    PATHETIC

I guess that rules out any question of her running for pres. in 2016!!!!!

hilary and mooshell . what a team. lmao

Hillary Clinton, Queen of Babylon

well go figure that warming the voters up for more lies and half truths 3 years before .will make sure i vote for someone else.i would not believe her or any other democrat in office.should be worring about the money matters of this country.not weather jane and mary wanted to get married..

Imagine that. A closet lesbo supports gay marriage.

as a BIBLE CARRING HIPOCRATE ( my 2 older low life brothers age 67 and 71 called me that last month because i would not bail out their grand children ) WE BETTER GET READY 4 the KING OF KINGS will behere soon . DID U HILLARY watch the HISTORY CHANEL 2 SUNDAY NIGHTS AGO ? what did those 3 angles do to those 2 cities and why &gt; did u see the MEN with MEN seen ? ( sicking ) HILLARY thier is a OLD R&amp;B song ( CURTIS MAYFEILD and the IMPRESSIONS sang it ) PEOPLE GET READY THEIR IS A TRAIN A COMMING U DON"T NEED A TICKET JUST GET RIGHT ON BOARD !( THE KINK OF KINGS DO NOT LIKE THE WAY WE AS A NATION IS HEADED IN )

Homos spread nasty diseases, big time!

As usual the Right comments out of their bigotry, homophobia and hatred.  That is their strong suit.  They have so much of it

Lots of Hillary haters out today.  I'll get a good laugh when we have President Clinton in 2016!  I can only imagine your depression when that happens....makes me happy to think about it!Just Remember.........The Republicans thought Saddam had WMD too.

if not for the glasses i wouldnt be able to tell if that was her face or her butt

It was a joyful pleasure of not seeing or hearing about this old hag. And now she is back.

Do people really believe all the gay propaganda, or are they just following the crowd.  Three per cent of the population is making dummies out of everyone.

Setting herself up for the 2016 Pres run! GOP is going to screw themselves again!

My GOD, that woman could stop a clock!

So she is gearing up for 2016.

Does this mean she is finally dumping the sex predator she is married to and coming out of the closet to live openly as her true self.

I was told by a unnamed source that Hillary was gay.

On the highway to hell...ARE all democrats #$%$?

Terrible, just for votes

if she could only drop dead....America would be a better place...

well she is Gay, right?

Thats because she is gay.

Hillary and the Democrats would sell their sole to the devil for a vote, that's why they won't do anything about the porous border and the illegals flooding in " VOTES ", she doesn't have to deal with her losing a job, she has lived off the American Public her whole life!

Hillary - a lesbian, an alcoholic, incompetent and corrupt IE: a lberal's delight.

Wow, another pearl before swine from the font of knowledge and leftist nonsense, Hillary Clinton.  Why would anyone give credence to the words from a "congenital liar" who has graced us with words of wisdom on how to conduct our lives and divest ourselves of any shred of human decency as long as we do it in private.  This woman has delusions of adequacy and should perhaps go out to pasture while many can still forgive her litany of transgressions and destructive actions in public life.

that figures a failed marrage and a closet carpetmuncher.What do you expect. But that is no reason to support #$%$.Some people just like the attention.

This old hag has been, I thought she ran off with Michael Moore.She is one ugly supporter of gay "marriage".

She lost my vote!

In other "news": MOST Beavers are still Hairy

Hillary looks like she`s been Beat in the Face with Buzzard Guts !

if i was married to bill clinton id think so too,he has the morals of a dog

Years ago there was a media report that Bill was first attracted to Hilary because she was bi, and he liked to watch her with other women. Our Secretary of State allegedly did girl-on-girl shows for her then-boyfriend.

Perverted sexual deviants running our national policy, dont really have something better to work on the two buttt Fning each other? Marriage what a joke!

Who gives a damn what you support atheist!

And the fulfillment of the Bible continues .

Now she can divorce Bill and marry her girl friend! That should make Bill happy.She was seen (not by me) in a bathroom stall, taping her foot to Maxine Waters.

I sure do see a lot of homophobic and hate-group members talking/imagining a lot about homosexual intercourse. Weird. I don't see any gay people talking about heterosexual intercourse...

doesnt anyone in the democrat party eat poosy? oh yeah thats right - hillary does

Well, she may get the gay vote (less than 5% of the population) but that's not going to cut it.

Hang the b****ch

She also supports the murder of our ambassadors.  What a stinking pig.

She makes me sick.Who gives a#$&amp;* what she supports?Retire already with all that tax payer money you got.

Let's just say that she's doing this out of political oportunism, which could well be true. So where does that leave the Republicans on this issue?

Of course she supports gay marriage..She wants to come out of the closet..

It always puzzles me,when other people think they have the right of judgement because their personal faith gives them the right to judge others.so what new that how bill met her they were both dating the same woman

Another conformist! All these politicians selling out to sin! You just watch and wait for the next hit on our nation.It's comin..

Amazing how desparate the democrats are getting now.   Makes one wonder what is really going on in the background that has all these democrats grasping at straws for votes.

when it's politically expedient-maybe she has "evolved" as well

I think people had enough of her.

I'm a conservative democrat and she won't be receiving my vote if she runs for office because of this "evolution" of thoughts.  Can we have a candidate either democratic, republican or independent with morals, values, spiritual beliefs, fiscally responsible, believes in the sanctity of marriage between a man and a woman, non-believer of corporate welfare, aids the working poor and a non-warmonger?  Sigh....only in a perfect world I guess...

Never believe for a second that it is just a coincidence that the same people who support Homosexual Marriage, are also the same people who support Abortion, Population Control, and Birth Control. What do all of these things have in common? They are all forms of Eugenics

Why is this witch still in the news, I am so sick of seeing her, and Moochelle in the media.  It is too bad we must see Obama but to wake up and see their ugly faces is getting to be too much.

makes since, since her marriage is a sham

Here is one quick Bible verse for you , but there are many more.  1 Corinthians chapter 6 verse9. Do you know the wicked shall not inherit the kingdom of God? do not be deceived: Neither the sexually immoral nor adulterers nor male prostitutes nor homosexual offenders. Just type in search: homosexuals will not inherit the kingdom of God and you will find it easilyYeah Spread that e coli around and let's get some really good Super Bugs going in the Bath Houses, Hospitals, and Gyms!  Over the Hill loves Super Bugs!

There is a country called the Middle East that puts up with this type of religious bullying, so I suggest you gets ta packing, because this is America where we protect the freedoms and the rights for all law abiding citizens. So you people are in the wrong country to be trying to pull this old B____S____ PERIOD.

Pretty amazing that 100 repubs have asked the supreme court to overturn California's ban on same sex marriage.Looks like the repubs are wising up.

To those who claim to "hate" gay people: do you hate gay doctors? Gay men and women fighting overseas for your rights? Gay scientists? Gay nurses? Gay professors?

Funny how white trash guys can comment on gay articles all the time and then go back and rape the youngest relative they can find without a single bit of guilt.

....just one more reason not to vote for this thing in 2016......

Yes, sure, it's great that Hillary finally came out of the closet and she can marry whoever/whatever she wants but don't tell the rest of the world what to think.

future headline: "Hillary announces shes gay!"

Disgusting to say the least.  It has nothing to do with Religion it has to do with giving the mentally ill homosexual agenda any attention at all.   There are many forms of perversion so why glamorize it.  Hillary and other politicans have no true morals, values when it comes to obtaining a vote.  Sick

Who cares? These Dems will vote whichever way the wind blows as long as it gets them a vote.There are other huge issues the United States has than gay marriages. Politicians will say and do anything to get the vote. I am so tired of flip flop politicians. Looked how she handle the Benghazi issue helping Obama do a cover up. Hillary you need to retire and write a book.

God made Adam and Eve not Adam and Steve,Walt made Mickey and Minnie not Mickey and Dickey or Lickey and Minnie nasty! what are we going to teach our children?

"For what profit is it to a man if he gains the whole world, and loseshis own soul? Or what will a man give in exchange for his soul?" (Matthew 16:26).

I don't BLAME the lesbo's....WHO Doesn't LOVE to EAT Kitty...yummy

"Gay" is a word to dumb-down homosexuality. "Gay" isn't a lifestyle; its a devient sex act.

There is NO Such Thing as - Same-Sex Marriage.....THEIR Relationships are built on SEX...period....they will continue to have MULTIPLE sex PARTNERS...Speading MORE AIDS

Shaved head has become the new symbol of support for all things Gay. From now on if you see a man with a shaved head thank him for his support of Gay and / or his own coming out.

They should make gays register as sex-offenders.  The community needs to be alerted to their preditorial ways.

murdering #$%$!

Now she can come out of he closet.Anything for a dam vote. This county gone to hell. Look like GOD will have to come and get it back on track...Looks like Rep are just like Dem...Just the VOTE...

why dont you and sarah beat hell outta each other for the job.

She would endorse anything for votes. Democrats are the new "we have no moral foundation" party!

Billary will support anything that gets her name in the news.  Loser ought to just drop off the face of the earth.  And it doesn't help she is butt ugly.

The people are more and more supporting gay marriage, immigrants rights, and gun control.That's the direction of this country.

Of coarce.....What do you expect from Libertard trash !!!!

There are more straight people in this world with HIV/AIDS than gay people. Both of these virus's were first discovered in heterosexuals in Africa. So why do people call it strictly a "gay disease", when it's not?

Stupid Idiotic Moron Republicans don't want the Government to tells them how to live, but they thinks they are Entitle to tell other people how to live their live.What a bunch of Hypocrites !

Uh oh...Hilary Clinton is strapping up for a run in 2016

AMERICANS ARE AGAINST PERVERTED MARRIAGEThey can't get GOD  to change his mind, so they are working on us. Hold the line people and stand for the LORD.

Where does gallup take these poll ...??? San Francisco....The only people supporting this  are of course gay, live in the city, have a child that has chosen this lifestyle or your typical two faced politician....

This woman gets more manly looking everyday.  I can see why she is in support of faaaaaag marriage.  Oh what a surprise!So who thinkth that HC is starting to activate her campaig for 2016?

Gayhoo is really pushing this gay stuff at us hard ... daily

Dems strategy is to win votes.Repub strategy is to deny voting rights.How's that workin' for ya?It's almost admirable that repubs will claim to sticking to their principles, even if they lose an election.But it's just a claim. Not real.

That is one ugly s(k)@nk. Shows just how low Bill's values are to think that he bred with that.

Meet your next President!

Who gives a #$%$ what Hillary supports, she's out of the limelight, She is a typical Democrat meaning she will support anything that might ad votes to her in the future.. What ever happened to Politicians who stood for something and never retreated from that stance?

I would hate to be her when she faces Father God on the great judgement day.

I am sure she became a lesbian since Bill shunned her with all of them other ugly chicks. Why didn't she divorce him? Politics as usual. She is all about the money.The latest poll from ABC/Washington Post:58% say same sex marriage should be legal64% US Constitution trumps state laws on same sex marriage24% see homosexuality as a choice

Sin is more than just the wrong acts an indvidual might commit; it is a power that rules over earth and flesh.

Looks like my girl Hillary is gunning for 2016. GO, HILLARY, GO!

nice flip flop....and the usefull idiots clap.bahhh....bahhh!!!!she does not give 2 shyts about backing gay marrige, just another diveding point to use.

Ok and this is a suprise to anyone that she would be for gay rights? I remember them haveing to make her look more Feminine when President Clinton was running for President the first time. So for her to be for gay rights now is no suprise for me. I'm just tired of them tryng to shove it on everyone else because the majority don't want it we have to hear about it everyday like that is going to change my mind.

I'm not sure I believe her.  On second thought, I'm sure I don't.

I'm confused about Gay Marriage.  How do they know which one is supposed to gain 50 lbs after the first year?

I can understand why.  She's been married to one for years

What part of, "full and equal citizens and deserve the rights of citizenship" do you supposed supporters of the constitution not understand?Go Hillary, 2016!

"My name is Hillary Rodham Clinton and i want to be your next president. I'm in favor of gay marriage, pit bull and #$%$ fighting and NAMBLA; in other words anyone that will give me their vote!!! I want to be all things to all people!!!!!!!what can i say! more bull#$%^! The Uninformed Voters will take this Hook,Line and Sinker!

One more reason I despise the Liberal Agenda.

i believe everyone is entitled to their opinion, but get sick of people changing their public stated opinion based on how popular it now is.  Have a little character, please.

I am for gays, they have to eat meat too!

During the 2008 presidential campaign, Clinton and rival Barack Obama both backed civil unions for gay couples, but not same-sex marriage.Evolving??  Hell no! Just pandering to a segment of the electorate for future support in yet another run for office.

Wait a minute...is she not following what her hubby signed back in the late 90's???  I believe he was against this....interesting....???

Hang Hillary!

and the 2016 Run for the White House has begun! Like we didnt know already, lol!!!

Is there any wonder why Bill was under the table,so much?

Wow. I remember when she "came a Jew" in NY, to get Elected!As usual the Right comments with hatred, bigotry and homophobia.  It's their strong suit

She has always had a problem with prioritization.

If eve had been a man then the human race would not exist ( no children).  Sex is for procreation not only pleasure.  When sex is for only pleasure, evil walks in.

Just ONE day I'd like to see the gay issues not making headlines. And tired of the politicians who a year ago were against gay marriage suddenly "changing their minds".

it's going to be a sad day for America, when the perverts and sickos run the country.

Well, at least she supports it today. Who knows what she will support next week ? I'm guessing food stamps and welfare for everybody, just vote for me !!!  Oh wait, Obama has done that in the last two elections and it got the moochers and leeches off the sofa in front of their 60" tv 's playing XBOX , and into the Escalade with the new rims down to the voting booth. Probably stopped of for a tattoo on the way back !  Lawdy Lawdy !

SELL YOUR SOUL TO THE DEVIL

"All propaganda has to be popular and has to accommodate itself to the comprehension of the least intelligent of those whom it seeks to reach." - Adolf Hitler

What is it about closet gay repukes and hyprocracy?  Is it bigger is better and it is ok if I do it, but not you?

Hang the treasonous b***ch!How about supporting God, our Father in Heaven? You people are gonna follow Satan right to Hell. With so much access to the Holy Bible here in the USA and still folks are still ignorant! We all will no doubt give answer to God while kneeling at his feet one day! Do you really think he will allow even one gay into Heaven? In the case you are stupid, the answer is, NO!

Gays and Lesbians shouldn't vote for any pliticain who supports Gay marriage or any other special treatment for them. Why, because it's called ''Pandering''. They don't really support any of it, they just want your vote. Don't believe me? It was blacks that put Obummer in office twice, does it look like their situation has improved? Do yourselves a favor and don't vote for them.

No suprise here.  She probably is one.  What a hag.

She is probably falling in love with Monica.

OUR Gov DEBATING Sperm &amp; Arss-Holes,......Pretty DARN SICK World we live in... :(

Goody,goody for you, Hillary.  This "support" may help your campaign to return to the White House with your "first husband".

Hillary Clinton supports AIDS!

Why do these hate groups focus on homosexuals and homosexual intercourse? Shouldn't they worry more about the divorce rates and straight couples who don't remain faithful to their partner and the commitment known as "marriage" since they claim to be "protecting the sanctity of marriage".Alliance Defense FundAmerican Family AssociationAmerican Vision*Chalcedon Foundation*Christian Action NetworkConcerned Women for AmericaCoral Ridge Ministries/Center for Reclaiming AmericaFamily Research CouncilFamily Research Institute*Focus on the FamilySummit MinistriesTraditional Values Coalition

Of course she does... she wants votes in the next election... wake up sheeple, the wonderful democrats are only interested in taking our cash to give out to folks that don't want to work and will say anything, sell out anyone to keep from spending their money on folks that don't want to work..... geez are people really that stupid??

I am getting sick and tired of gay marriage...let them get married..who cares....why only hetero have to suffer?!another useless meaningless libtard heard from . I am sick and tired of this gay marriage crappola. since when does they libtards have the right to tell us whats right and wrong than what God has told us? and since when does anal sex reproduce children ? or oral sex?

As a person that truly believes in the Bible I am conflicted on what I should do about my neighbor who mows his grass on the Sabbath!   He is a nice guy but and I don’t want him stoned to death for working on the Sabbath.  I need help.  Can a person be cured of this abomination?

This is a surprise? Hillary is in all likelihood a lesbian, she should just come out of the closet and tell us what we all already know.

The Bible, the book that claims the earth is 5000 years old and was created in 7 days. And that we are all somehow the offspring of Adam and Eve who had two sons

She couldn't even answer questions about the Benghazi attack. We have too many other problems in this country. Our flag doesn't need to be the color of a rainbow.  like someone already made up on one of the items I saw.  It's red,white and blue. Period.

The most outspoken gay-bashers are that way because they are fighting their own homosexual urges so hard. That was discovered and has been verified by several scientific studies.One theory is that homosexual urges, when repressed out of shame or fear, can be expressed as homophobia. Freud famously called this process a “reaction formation” — the angry battle against the outward symbol of feelings that are inwardly being stifled. Even Mr. Haggard seemed to endorse this idea when, apologizing after his scandal for his anti-gay rhetoric, he said, “I think I was partially so vehement because of my own war.”

The Tea Party Repbulicans say that they oppose gay marriage.  In 2016 they will be supporting a presidential candidate who supports gay marriage.  How are they going to spin that? Now this is entertainment!

There goes her presidential bid.  Another lying Liberal trying to get votes.  She's just lost 90% of the catholic and christian votes.

Perhaps, Hillary has finally realized Billy is never going to be faithful and is seekingfemale companion ship.

Of course, as so many of us believe she is gay anyway.  What a surprise.  LOLMay God have mercy on the United States of America

Well- she is GAY.

Support the free for all, you only live once, way of thinking and get voted in as President. She starting her campaign! Watch out world for the first Woman President.

I would think she would...her husband has been married to a Lesbian for years!

when is coming out?

Poor Hilary, she's blind in one eye and can't see out of the other...

I am SOOOOOOO voting for Hillary Clinton in 2016 and Barack Obama can be her Secretary of State . . . .  AWESOME!!!!!

She has my vote...

wow shes finally coming out of the closet! but shes not getting my vote, this lesbian is a two faced #$%$ like most of the people in Washing are now. America we need to clean house in DC to get some real family values back, work for the middle class, export our products, become again a world power. We have bad credit rating, over the credit limit on deficit, we owe China most of our country, high unemployment and a loosing economy. This #$%$ need to worry more about that than her personal opinion on gays... May God Bless America again and have mercy on its souls...we are turning into a Sodom and Gomorrah..

It's amazing how Conservative descriptions of marriage, gay or straight, never ever ever include the word "love" (opting instead to go through a bucket list of anatomical details and sex acts, both real and imaginary). As if they've actually lost the entire point themselves. Therin lies the true threat to marriage sanctity