I wonder how many of the people in public office emptied their accounts last week? Im just asking!! I think most of us know the answer already.

"penalties on deposits"We have been penalizing savers for years with super low interest, now they are actually taking money from savers.  This will not end well.

They stopped electronic transfers over the weekend when banks were closed.They basically have decided to "steal from those who save money" to pay for the mistakes of others. How this can possibly be a legal process is the truly scary part.And how can this be done before any vote to secure the deal has been taken. Are they going to freeze the savings of depositors until the vote passes. If not, the banks will be empty by Monday afternoon, which of course would compound any problems.Stupid stupid stupid behavior our of the so called leaders of the EU.

You must spend your money or we will punish you?

Looks like Gold and Silver under your Mattress and plenty of lead to protect it are the only ways you can subvert the communists wanting to take what others have worked for.

Coming to a bank near you in the future

I have worked in the financial markets all my life.  To even think of attaching the savings of depositors without forcing the two main banks into bankruptcy first is lunacy.  Depositors are in no way responsible for the management of a bank.  Nor are they responsible for its obligations.  IF this is the road in the future, the banking system will fail since none of us will have any faith in the safety of our deposits.  Truly a case of taxation without representation.

Banks across the EU will close by mid-day on Monday.

Cyprus parliament to vote on savings levy, Should ReadCyprus parliament to vote on Stealing 10% of Retired Old Citizens Life Savings to Benefit Bankers.

So the Communists wouldn't agree to a "bailout" which robs people 6.7% of their deposits, but once they were out of power, the EU felt that they can violate people's property rights. That's hilarious; one would have expected the exact opposite.Somebody has to pay the bills. Raise taxes! Or, just let the banks fail and see what happens.

I'm guessing that the little guy is going to get the screws tpu to him here. for starters the wealthy don't use savngs accounts as much as they do investment accounts. Investments not being "savings" will escape the taxation. Then there are other "wealth preserving" vehicles such as annuities, trusts, and family controlled foundations to stash wealth in. Once again avoiding the tax hit that the work-a-day peson is going to have to pay. 20% is a healthy chunk of an account paying a percent or two in interest.

Is this why our own government bought all that ammo ?

Who the hell pulled that idea out of the ether?

Much like here penalize the productive

If this isn't the beginning of some sort of panic, then I hate vodka.

OMG  This will not go so well.  The banks in that country need to turn off their ATM's fast.

id like to make a deposit of 999,999.99 please .

Banks and government is a parasite on the workers.

“What would you rather have, an insured bank account by the BIS, FDIC, ECB, when any government can come in and take 10% of your account and treat that as if you are paying a tax for monies that were lost because of devious actions by the banks themselves, or gold?” Jim SinclairAren't liberals in Cyprus thankful that the citizens don't have ARs to protect their savings, life and liberty?

I'm guessin Goldman Slax is involved somehow

Great way to trigger bank runs. Hopefully, this won't spread all over Europe or into the financial markets.

Suuure it's a one-off.  It'll be a one-off in Spain, and in Portugal, and everywhere else, too.

Iceland had it right.

It's ironic that the communist party on the island is against taking the peoples money, is it not?

If you walked into a cyprus bank to steal money,they would call the police and have you arrested,then jail.So how can the EU do the same legally?

Get ready, this will be how they reshuffle the deck, govts. taking your savings and 401K by force...the people of Cyprus didn't think it could happen either....

The choice:  Banks lose money, or you lose money.

if they attempt to steal your savings and you let them get away with it, you deseve what they will do to you next!Here's a new level of terrorism... " if you're not part of the debt problem, and you've manged to accumulate savings, then International Bankers will steal at least 6.7% of it."Fuedalism is back with a vengeance.Support the 'Flip the Debt' movement - demand that your politicians end tax loopholes for the rich and end subsidies to profitable Corporations.

It's a great life till the EU makes you pay for it

This is huge.  This is scary.  The Bankster plutocrats are now openly just stealing the money of the prudent commoner to pay for extravagant caviar.  This should be the leading story on every news channel in the world.  They are forcing people to put their money at risk in the markets or have 10% confiscated!  You know very well that if it goes into the markets the banksters will crash the market and take even more than the ten percent!This is literally war between the plutocrats and the commoner.  Mark this day.  Mark this day!

You bank your money with them (the banks), they give you only 1.2% interest and this means the people give them the money - free loans to the banks to do business and not the banks surcharge the depositors?The depositors have the right to withdraw their money. Just take out all in cash and let the #$%$ bank go under.

They should do what Iceland did. Give the finger to the EU

All Cyprus' banks will be failed at Monday afternoon if the parliament passes the levy.

Depositors are being punished for the mismanagement of the banks! Same as in Denmark with Den Danske Bank!

GOOGLEAlthough desperate the illuminati continue to follow the goal of "Hidden in plain sight"Illuminati "leak" that "We wanted 40% of deposits from Cyprus" (1).In other words: the next move in stage 2 is packaged as "leak" of what was originally planned.This again shows to what point the illuminati believe that the populace was TOTALLY reduced to human cattle.

I think those savers should take one for the team /sarc.

Its a shame some people in america wants us to be more like are over sea friendsSimply get rid of all the set ups by governments that are a free fall for public money close the European huge offices fire all the fraudsters that leach on hard working tax payers stop giving huge salaries and bonuses for nothing to lazy selfish Euro MPs , that are just con men and thieves that do not do anything productive only steal money and talk , think about it a mega sized new building in Brussels for MPs hundreds of millions of euros just to accommodate more fraudsters when the existing building is costing hundreds of millions in up grades at the same time stop this and put the money where it is needed ,schools education training infrastructure and public services instead of giving to lazy con men called MPs

There goes the (negative) interest rates.

the house of cards begins its catastrophic fall, who is ready for it? they just need to print more euros, right? print more dollars? nobody wants their welfare states to turn off the spigots,do they. what happens when there's food riots?  no gas for cars? martial law? who's side will the military be on? it'll be hilary's problem in 4 years, suckers.

Obammy gots to be luvin dis.I wants mah muny.

#$%$./k./ Cyprus and cypriots!They were greedy,made loans for ANYTHING,they lived beyond their means for far too long ON DEBT that other may pay or suffer from! Bunch of m/.o/.r/.o/.n./s!

Remember Bank of America had a record bank withdrawals the first week of January.  This global Ponzi scheme is falling apart and too few people recognize it much less prepared for it

When are the people in Europe going to wake up and get real STOP , it is time to realize that the problems originate from the set up called the E.U that was engineered by the Germans decades ago to dominate simple truth and now this theft of people's savings so that the fat cats and thieves in the Brussels mafia EU playboy club get their big bonuses and huge sallaries stop go back and look at fact stop listening to the liars and fraudsters in Germany France England and all the other EU membership states pull out of the EU go back to one country one nation and start competing openly in the world close the black money hole sewer in the IMF known as international money fraud it is all designed to con and deceive normal people on the street STOP THE EU GET OUT go back to national currencies drop the German and French EURO currency scam

I'm wondering how many in government in Cyprus just happened to have transferred theirbank accounts off the island in advance of the hammer coming down.Another case of lunch bucket Joe and his good wife getting diddled by the big boys..

A new and terrible front has opened in the central banks' war on savers.

The EU is run by statist thugs.   A kleptocracy controlled by a banking cartel.This is where the U.S. is headed if we don't stop the Democrats from spending us into bankruptcy.  I don't live outside of my means, why should the government?

Empty your bank accounts, citizens of the west, the IMF will come calling and scoop a large amount of your life savings in order to save a few rich banks and bankers.

Thats right, just make sure the average person pays the bulk of the cost for a problem he/she did nothing to create.  This is socialism for the rich.

Coming to a country near you!

soon people will rise up against those gready government

Austerity measures.

Cyprus is a small country. They did very well with their economy after independenc from Britain. They should get out of EURO and soon they will stand of there feet again. It proofed the whole southern europe is run by Germany, Netherlan, Finnland, Austria Denmark. Get out Cyprus and soon you will stand on your feet. You did that before.

If this does not start a revolution in Cyprus..nothing will.

Get your money out of Greece, Italy, Portugal and Spain.  (And maybe Ireland.)  If they can play this trick in Cyprus, won't be long before they try it in other countries too.

I hope it doesn't pass the parliament.It went thru. Gold shot up. Nothin like the bank with their hands in your pockets! Desperate actions.

Next they will be kicking peoples doors in to check under the matress  It`s easy to vote for a goverment that wants to go after other peoples money.Untill they come for yours .Enjoy.Socialist fools.

I'd bet that they have some pretty strict gun control laws in Cyprus. Otherwise they wouldn't even consider this. If they did this in the US all he11 would break loose.

The people of Cyprus will never trust banks with their money again. I know I wouldn't.

beware of co-conadian banks as well : deposits freeze looms

'Beware the Ides of March.'

EU leaders have been following the German Fourth Reich prescription since its inception after WWII. They will literally starve out any opposition to its will just like during WWII Germans. You can't take the slave away from Europeans and expect them to act civilized. You can't let them steal your money, sovereignty, freedom, or take your life.

The EU and political parties for example are a hindrance and ruse when it pertains to the individual rights of each citizen. As the candidates who seek elected office from voters are first chosen by the dues paying members of the specific political party and in reality these members do not represent one per cent of eligible voters within the community or society as a whole.Therefore the visions put forth by all political parties ultimately are the views of these elite members to override the desires of what the individual citizen wishes in life for an imposed collective social and economic equality at the direct expense of individual liberties.Communism, Fascism, Marxism, over the past sixty years has become the EU and its political party’s liberalization of socialist, communist, Marxist and fascist theories into policies under the banner of progressive liberalism be it NDP, Liberal, Conservatives, Greens or what have you.

##41200.03/17/13The euro zone demand on Saturday that Cyprus savers pay up to 10 percent of deposits as a condition for the 10 billion euro ($13 billion) bailout drew fury in the eastern Mediterranean island and caused some jitters elsewhere in the region.Those greedy bankers are not half as badAs Cyprus may be learning it's been hadBy criminals of normal stripe and kindNot those imaginary fools like to findAmong wrong doers making people mad.It's all well and good, as safe as can beUntil it isn't, sunken in the seaOf greed, graft, guile and all the varied featsThat the unwary one quite sadly meetsWhen stretching out to grab the extra fee.Perhaps it's only a tale of scary nightAnd all, dire as it seems, will turn out rightBut likely it will prove it's hard to trustAll one's decisions based upon that lustFor gain of riches hidden from the light.

Its just bankers making money, the 'old fashion' way.. stealing it from responsible savers.Coming to a bank near you .. soon.Something like this is coming across the Western world.  The smart money is in gold, and outside the banking system.