"Berlusconi further added, 'If you were smarter you'd be home having BungaBunga parties with teenagers!!'"

Politicians are the same the world over.

What makes me wonder is how could any sane person vote for this idiot. He is pure corruption.

Speaking of power hungry.

his arrogance is worthy of a Mussolini anti gravity dance

Poor and stupid. That's who put the GOP away.

Does the fascist #$%$ change his spots? Not bloody likely!

He is a BUFFONE!!!!!!!

"Former Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi, facing trial on tax fraud and sex charges, abused protesters who whistled and jeered..."sounds like they abused him, too. mutual contempt, i'd say.

Every politician who ever won an election is thinking what he said out loud.We have a Buffone here, Joe Biden!

One of the greatest problems in the world right now is wealth disparity/corruption...Berlesconi is the poster boy of wealth disparity/corruption/monopoly business practices and sexism.....why would Italians want this guy back in power. Italians are already living in the ruins of Berlesconi's policies. Billionaire celebrity worship?

Unleashed socialism is the issue, he's right about the mob.

This was obamas pick to win the election,go figure?

They have low life protesters in Italy as well.

BERLUSCONI HAS COJONES , OBAMA HAS VAGINA.

You're poor, stupid fools. Didn't he learn something from the USA elections? These are the same people who go to the polls.

Someone let me know what's the status of this idiot nowadays. Why does he still has the right to vote? Is he still in the parliament? If yes, why? Italian people have no power to get this idiot out of the political life?

riiight... the poor fools need to bloody his face with a piece of rock like a few years ago again.

That's odd, the photo doesn't show the numerous prostitutes he rewarded with government jobs after the bunga bunga parties.  Is it so bad that vvhores are embarrassed to be seen with this washed-up lounge singer?Indeed true:-) This is what I like about him. He is a straight shooter. Wouldn't it be great if he was in GOP? He would call it the way it is and say what most Americans think about Obama. GOP has no leadership. They are all timid.

Berlusconi should be reinstated as Prime Minister.  The others are not serious leaders.I remember how this "justice system" railroaded the innocent Amanda Know.

Most judges in Italy espouse communist ideology, Berlusconi is a moderate capitalist who wants Italy to be open and friendly to business much like in the US, for this he has become like a lightning rod and will be persecuted by those judges and I would say the liberal press until he is driven out of politics. Even in Italy people love Santa Clause and free stuff.

How well it applies to Americans, stupid poor people, brainwashed by crooked democrats and their media.

A nice comedy with Berluscony trials without no end in sight...

Pagliaccio!

The Elite sure excel at creating divisions don't they?

I wonder if he's gonna invite owebama to one of his bunga-bunga parties..

I wish this sort of thing causes Americans to bring the mainstream media corporations to justice for all of their propaganda and lies. American people are ignorant brainwashed people who are unable to even form their own opinion in the matters because they're completely oblivious to the crimes of the elite establishments that control and brainwash them. Stupid. Brainwashed to hate. To fear an innocent people. Patriot act nearly subverted all of our civil liberties. Yay. Go USA. Ignorant.

I agree with the protesters. How is this buffoon, criminal, even thinking about running for office again? Let's hope the Italians come to their senses and give this guy the boot. He can then go back to participating in his sex parties full time.Italians gave us organized crime so it`s not surprising that you have a member of government who does crime very well, of course I live in Louisiana so I am well versed in government corruption.

italians are too busy shining their shoes and looking too nice to wake up and realize that this buffoon has been putting the screws to them...now its wake up time , and time to once and for all get rid of this fascist jerk...viva the real italia coming soon ?

You mean an independently wealthy man trying to make a difference and all anyone wants to do is tear him down. I've heard this scenario before.