Obama will be able to send in the US fighter-bombers saying that ""I am helping the government of Syria"""Do not trust this man for he is the enemy

from one tyrant to another, hmm, more like a living hell?

great more confusion to the mix....we all know that this government will not be the one ruling syria, an islamic led one will.

and the yeng and yang of the proganda machine continues, lets call it progressive liberal diease.

I hope this Interim government makes it clear that the help Syria needs willbe harder to get if the radical Islamist types are in charge. If they can includerepresentatives from the people Assad represents, it could end the war,and the time has come to end it before foreign governments get too involved.The U.S. and Europe can't arm what they consider terrorists without a conflict of interest.But Iran has a "weapons lifeline" as one article put it, to arm Assad.We need an end game before the infrastructure of Syria is any more disruptedthan it already is. Cluster bombs no less! What next!

Looks like they are moving along in the process of civil war. Good thing the USA has maintained what honor we salvaged from Iraq and stayed out of this; for the most part. I am proud of the greedy politicians for exercising SOME restraint so far. Still waiting for the next false flag, but one day at a time for recovering political sociopaths.

Syria will not fall into hands of terrorists.These clowns having meetings in Turkey after their parties have no grasp or reality.

Connect Lybia to Syria and you have the new country of Al Qaedaland

The Salafists in Syria are a distinct minority, as they are everywhere, but they are very determined and violent.  Failing to intervene, now, puts the West at risk of seeing its nascent democratic allies in Syria defeated by the Salafists, who would #$%$ victory from the hands of the democratic forces just as Assad's regime finally crumbles to dust.We must actively engage the Syrian Opposition and with more than just kind words and admonitions, and with more than just humanitarian aid.  We must get into the fight, if for no other reason than to preserve our own interests in the outcome.If the Europeans other than Britain and France don't wish to jump in, here, then let them be.  The US, Britain and France, being the parties traditionally interested in Syria, in any event, should move ahead to finish off the woeful and criminal Assad regime, to liberate all of Syria, and to ensure that the outcome doesn't fall either into the hands of the Salafists or, alternatively, of Hezbollah and the Iranians.  Both of the latter are quite possible outcomes, here, and would represent nightmares best avoided completely.

Corrupt to the core!! Thousands die everyday. It seems life doesn't mean anything to these ppl.This war is clearly an act of terror upon the citizens of Syria, While the enemy of my enemy is my friend in this case the US has a choice, Assad or Al-Qaeda....kind of a no brainier if your the average Joe...but it appears that our leaders have chosen Al-Qaeda. Had this been Turkeys government fighting the same rebels we would be supporting Turkey.How can we possibly gain world respect when swear out a war on terrorism then 12 years later support terrorists?But more to the point of the report: The American Revolution started only after a government was in place called the Continental Congress. Having one in place prior to the revolution would led to some legitimacy for these rebels.

Now that they've killed over 70,000 of their own people, and over 400,000 have fled Syria due to the violence, I'd say that will have less opposition to go from worse to worst.

So take a look at the canidates to lead this interim govt.  They are all from outside Syria.  Assad is right about the outside influence and infiltrators.  Whoever they elect is likely not even to be supported by the people inside Syria rebelling, because they have not been through what they have fought for and suffered.

An interim government!!Isn't this called putting a horse before the cart?What a wishful thinking of the Zionist West!!!

"Now people are convinced that a government is necessary." said Burhan Ghalioun, coalition member and former head of its predecessor, the Syrian National Council.Hes lying."There has to be a military victory on the ground to convince the regime or some elements in the regime" of the need for change, Ghalioun said. "The solution is not an end to the violence. This is linked to pushing the regime toward steps to a democratic system.""If we come up with a government, will this government have the support of the international community? This is very important for us." said Salem Al Meslet, a candidate for Prime Minister.So they dont want an end to the fighting which means theyll need more weapons. They also need international support. That means they want your money to pay for their weapons. The talk about wanting a government is just a smokescreen to get your cash. Never trust Muslims.

germany ,japan and usa  had made a deal for world war 2 but usa betrayed japan and germany  to protect( britain and france ) as  her homelands.  the world  should have 3 permanent members of the UN instead of 5 for today(with out china and russia  on the maps )

Oh my God another Al Qaeda Government

Assad's brutal regime is just a matter of time.  Will the Rebels bring the much needed reforms to free the Syrians from Assad's history of misgovernment?

Meeting to do what!! What terrorists do! KILL. They are losing... Only a loser meet outside and form a government.. First win over Assad and form government.. I know Assad is giving you HELL..Bunch of dirty filthy ugly long beards Whabbies

lol This is just a cover up for a future Islamist regime. Now watch your backs Obummer.This article is pure propaganda.  The exiles have not even been to Syria in decades. Our army is pushing the terrorists out.  They have lost every encounter with the Syrian Army and only control villages in the outlying areas.  It is an Al-Qaeda government that nobody will recognize.  Long live secular Syria under the leadership of our president, Dr. Bashar Al-Assad.

A government by terrorists? Will it be recognized by the UN?

Regardless of who prevails in Syria, they will hate America.

I am sick of Syria!

Another propaganda article aimed at gathering support for terrorist organizations. There is no doubt that the foreign backed conspiracy to destabilize the country has had a negative impact on the people of Syria. The most logical way to stop this tragedy is for the countries of Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Turkey to stop funding, arming and providing safe passage to terrorist organizations.

who gives a damn what the opposition will do, president bashar al -assad will always rule syria no matter what.

There is justice in the world.For every false accusation, excuse, lie, etc. that any organization uses against it's enemies, those things come back and are used by BOTH sides if it finds itself at odds within their ranks.Ethical organizations resolve such issues quickly.Unethical ones fall apart and turn to fighting, over and over.What will happen to Syria?  Depends on them and their past behavior.  I'm no psychic, nor their judge.  They will receive the same justice they showed others, whatever that will be.

I hope Assad drives them into the ground.

If they are incapable of holding prisoners without shooting them in the head, what makes us believe they will  be any better than Assad or for that matter that they will uphold democratic rules?

Army Eliminates Terrorists in Several Areas, Hideouts DestroyedUnits of the armed forces on Monday carried out several operations against terrorists' hideouts in Adra and Qara in Damascus Countryside, killing and injuring a number of terrorists.The operations resulted in destroying the terrorists' vehicles which they had been using in their criminal acts.A military source told SANA reporter that a number of terrorists' hideouts were destroyed in Adra and the surrounding areas.A number of terrorists were also killed and their weapons and ammunition were seized, the source added.Units of the armed forces destroyed a number of terrorists' cars with all the weapons and ammunition inside them in Tal al-Zamrani, Tal al-Wadi and al-Doumanieh Farm in Qara, the source said.Meanwhile, units of the armed forces and the borders guards foiled armed terrorist groups' infiltration attempts from Lebanon in several sites in Talkalakh countryside in Homs, killing a number of terrorists.SANA reporter quoted a source in the province as saying that armed terrorist groups tried to infiltrate from Lebanon to Syria across the sites of al-Mathoumeh, Eyoun al-Shaara and Azir along with shooting fire from the Lebanese side against the Syrian borders checkpoints.The source added that units of the armed forces and the borders guards killed terrorists, injured others and forced the rest of them to flee to the Lebanese lands.Over the last two days, the armed forces foiled infiltration attempts by terrorists from the sites of Hiker Jinin, Qashlaq and Talet Ferdies in Lebanon into al-Mathoumeh, Eyoun al-Shaara and Azir in Talkalakh countryside.Information Minister Discusses with Russian Delegation Current Events in SyriaA Russian delegation encompassing political analysts and journalists stressed Russia's firm stance in rejection of the foreign interference in Syria's internal affairs.The delegation's remarks came during a meeting with Information Minister, Omran al-Zoubi, here on Sunday as the two sides discussed the current events in Syria .Members of the delegation asserted that the best solution to the crisis in Syria can be achieved through the political and constructive movement which aims at building the renewable Syria with the participation of all the political parties which embrace all the spectrums of the Syrian society.Assad is not a democratically elected ruler of Syria. But Moslim Brotherhood's radical organisation ( pls. don't be fooled when they shave their long filthy beards after coming to Europe..!! That is their cheap tactics.), togetehr with the Nusrah Front ( El-QAEDA's closest terror affilliate ) are the worst components of a religious dangerous dictatorship. The majority of the Syrians have realised that. And they don't want such a "change" to the worst. Let the people decide, under international strict supervision, through free elections what they want and who they will choose. It is widely known that the majority of Syrians don't want a religious state. That is why, they are standing behind Assad; not because they like him, but because they dislike the proposing suspicious alternative.

Stop it, make love not war.This world is coming everydays more crazy and crazy, anywhere we look we find only terrorist minds.And everybody feels and chooses one side like choosing football team. Shamefull this sub-human beings mind.

We do not know if the new government after ASSAD will be good or bad but for sure it is difficult to be worse than ASSAD.He is a brutal dictator, hi more similar to GHADDAFI.In any case who ever govern Syria after ASSAD will understand that the violence oppression against the people does not work.ASSAD did not learn that lesion from MUBARK and GHADDAFI and he will pay the price, hopefully very soon.

History is just one bloody thing after another and shows that life is the cheapest commodity.

Politics and religion CANNOT be tied together. And those are the facts in Syria and in so many muslim countries..if a Shia is elected the Sunni's will riot if a Sunni is elected the Shia's will riot. If someone of a reformed Islam would be elected he would be an infidel and wouldn't be respected and everyone would riot...their is no way of appeasing both sides and thats not to mention the other minorities and the cliques of multiple terroist organizations on both sides. Lose lose for the Syrian people period. They are in for a long bumpy ride even if both sides threw down thier guns and stopped fighting tomorrow they are YEARS away from any solution and a better outlook for the people of Syria. Sad for the average Joe there who just wants to live a normal life and go about his business without being shot at or having bombs going off near his family because of a lack of concern for human life and a long history of split religious beliefs.

____bubida____has women that are ready to please you......check it out..

The opposition in Syria is still divided over the issue of foreign intervention and sectarianism. Check out Commentario Politica (commentariopolitica.wordpress) for a real breakdown of the differences and a report about the key players.

Sure, why not. And while we are at it, I declare myself emperor of the world.

the islamic one will wear ties and not talibab/alqada dress. they will be western freindly like morci in eygypt.

is the 5th interim govt they attempted establish, or is it the 6th ? I am sorry I'll start caring about these fooolt , when these exiled Syrians start representing the Syrian people, and not the Muslim brothers or International corporations !!A government????? haha  Now, the criminals, foreign Nusrah Front radical islamists want to form a government?? How is that? All what they know is killing others, hating others, kidnapping women and raping them, kidnapping rich men and blackmailing for ransoms.. If an area is, by hard luck, under their control ( like Afghanistan after the Soviet era), they will ENFORCE THE SHARIA STUPID LAW !!! Do they really know how a government set up?

propaganda!!!

Today is the second remembrance of our first 2 Freedom Martyrs in Syria.The Syrian Revolution started in the Al-Umary mosque, in the district of Deraa, when the regime responded to a peacefully protest with life-bullets without any previous warnings. As a result of this barbarian attack, Mahmoud Joabrah and Housam Ayash had lost their lives. Atef Najib, Bashar #$%$-ad cousin, was the head of the Secret Intelligence Services in the district of Deraa, and he gave the order to shoot at people asking for freedom and justice. We started with 2 Martyrs and we exceeded 100k today. the regime started with shooting bullets, then used tanks, then mortars, then Jets, then Scud missiles, then, then, then, and the world is still watching in silent.Like it or not, this is the truth

The West must support the Syrian opposition but let them brew their own  solutions instead of interfering.

Syria Opposition = the same Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists we were told did 9/11

Propaganda...aleppo has not fallen and the little area they control has them being hunted like rats...and in raqqa its like saying someone has taken over lubbock tx..at anytime it can be surrounded and flushed out...