"to learn who rules over you, simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize." Voltaire

The German government recently opened up their archives in the town of Bad Arolsen. It contains 16 miles of shelving of over 17.5 million victims of the Holocaust, including Jews, Christians, Gypsies and many other victims. To those deniers, go argue with the German government.

No more mercenary wars for Israel &amp; Jews. We ate not sending our kids to die in Syria &amp; Iran , like Iraq now.

over 50 million people died in ww2 not 6.

It is anti goyim to mention the holocaust and not mention the other millions of humans who died there as well. A resolution needs to be passed that any mention of the holocaust has to mention the numbers of the Goyim who died during the same time.

The amount of ignorance perpetuated by hate when it comes to Jews and European history is almost overwhelming when reading the posts of the Jew haters and apologists for Adolph Hitler and his policy's. They do mental gymnastics to get people to believe the most outlandish lies. Quoting people and events that either did not happen or are taken out of context or are the ravings of people like them selfs.No matter what the context,if the word "Jew" appears in the material they become like mad dogs or insane in their approach to the subject. Thank God these folks are in the minority of citizens and for the most part are either laughed at or ignored.When they are outed into public view for the most part they are pathetic creatures who are hero's in their own minds or dysfunctional in some major way. My neighbor down the block was like that. When I finally told him to F(uck) off or I would do him great harm, he slunk off like the dog he was. Years latter in a attempt to save his life he was treated at LIJ Hospital which I thought was ironic.

If we really think war and killing people is awful, why don't we demand that our country stop partiscipating in it? We're spending billions, per week, on this and then we say we don't have enough money to educate our youth and take care of our elderly citizens, let alone caring for our wounded veterans.. Aren't we just repeating the past? Seems like there comes a time when you have to stop repeating the past.

They must all be 100 years old now.

Jew are #$%$ too, they deported and stolen the land of the Palestinians and continue to kill and steal the organs of Palestinian. The biggest hypocrites are the zionist who claim to be Jews.

I always wondered.Whenever I see pictures of the jews being rounded up there seemed to be hundreds to thousands of them versus the number of nazi guards.Why didn't they fight back?When they showed the #$%$ hauling their children off, their wives off, their grandparents off, WHY didn't they fight back?Why is the Holocaust Museum in Washington D.C. so, "reverent"? The Holocaust didn't happen here! From what I recall, WE, the American Soldiers, went TO Europe, germany, too free them. We saved them! They have this place in the museum with all the shoes? Why did you bring all the shoes over here?Why do you force this stuff on the American people and want us to pity you?The American People didn't do this to you. What purpose does it do? Why don't you set it up in germany or one of the countries that did this to jews?I have watched the films and documentaries many times of the towns, the railroads, the horrible camps. WHY didn't you fight back? They herded you like sheep and you let them.The Holocaust was horrbile. It was a horrible time in history done by a horrbile sick man and group of people.How many times will you recycle these zionistic techniques for the world to feel sorry for you as you slowly slaughter the world with supression of freedom of speech and impose violent prison camps using torture texchniques worldwide in and out of Israel.

How about  Nanking Massacre, Massacres in Philippines, Malaysia, Singapore by Japanese?. Do we hear these stories ??. Nooooo, Those people were not Jewish. More people died from those massacres than the Holocaust. That is the truth.

Good and true Jews must stand up and denounce the Nazi mentality of Zionist Israel.  Muslims gave Jews safe haven throughout history.  I wish to live and see Jews and Muslims coexisting  and build a modern Spain in the Middle east.

Palestine is modern﻿ day Holocaust.

how about marking how greeks and even franco helped them out and saved many? how 'bout it guys?

I don't deny the Holocaust, nor do I deny the Jewish suffering in WWII.  Palestinians are suffering right now in the 21st century at the hands of the Jewish government/people.  The sameway Jewish people got a homeland and their freedom, Palestinians deserve the same, no less.

Search-- Project Pinto NetanyahuNetanyahu gets standing Ovations from our U.S. Congress when he is a traitor and has commited espionage against the U.S..He should be imprisoned next to Israeli Hero Johnathan Pollard for stealing nuclear technology.Then We should imprison all Politicians and Officials who allowed this betrayal and are still funding a nation with a War Criminal and a TRAITOR of the U.S. in its Government.These are grounds for WAR...........

he racist Zionist Russian Jabotinsky wrote:"Zionist colonization, even the most restricted, must either be terminated or carried out in defiance of the will of the native population. This colonization can, therefore, continue and develop only under the protection of a force independent of the local population -- an iron wall which the native population cannot break﻿ through. This is, in to, our policy towards the Arabs. To formulate it any other way would only be HYPOCRISY." -The Iron Wall

The hypocrisy and double standards of the Je*ws is astounding. While they harp on about the Naz*is; they are carrying out the exact same racist, genocidal, ethnic cleansing policies against the palestinians.

And first they were disarmed.As long as I'm alive - I'll keep saying it.The holocaust was real  --  It is absolutely impossible to fake ALL the documents, AND all the pictures AND all the films AND all the confessions AND all the confessions from Nutzies who spoke decades after the war ended AND all the survivors AND all the witnesses AND ... There is more evidence for the reality of the holocaust then there is for the existence of George Washington, Christopher Columbus, and a bunch of other historic characters. To deny the holocaust is anti-intellectual, anti- sensible, and just plain ridiculous.

My heart goes for all the innocent Jewish people who were sent to the death camps by those Nazi animals.But I feel the same for the five million non-Jews who were sent there to perish.I just wish that ALL of the victims would be remembered and honored.It must also be said that Nazi Germany had a lot of help from many countries that profited from it and they very well knew that these eleven million souls were being tortured and murdered acting as if they knew nothing.It takes many powerful countries to make an Adolf Hitler.As evil as he was,if he had no power,he will just perish by his own disgusting personality.

Menachem Schneerson got standing ovations from the US Congress"The wives and daughters of Gentiles are [prostitutes]."- Menachem Schneerson, the Lubavitch Rebbe

Every time I read a Holocaust article, I keep wondering how my non-Jewish grandfather ended up in a Nazi concentration camp. Was he the only non-Jew there? I don't think so. Were Jews in majority there? I don't think so. Were the camps created to exterminate the Jews? I don't think so. He did indeed witness many deaths there, by starvation #$%$ hardly ever fed their prisoners) and disease, but not extermination. I do not deny Holocaust, again my grandfather was a survivor, but do think the the number of Jewish victims is way off.The one thing Americans don't understand about Jews and #$%$ is that Jewish people were the founders and executives of Communism in Russia. So, Nazi used to place them in concentration camps to prevent their collaboration with commies in USSR, much like US did with its Japanese population.

You get five years jails sentence when denying holocaust and five years in Israel for saying Palestinians have rights and should not be removed for Israelis settlement

Jews? Yikes.

Hitler tried to save the world from 'bolshevism' but failed , now look at the world .

I'm glad they're happy as in 'happy birthday y'all'!

Why do people call zionist "(n(a(z(is"?Because in a way they are:"Fighters for the Freedom of Israel - Lehi"), commonly referred to in English as the Stern Gang initially sought alliance with Fascist Italy and Nazi Germany, offering to fight alongside them against the British in return for the transfer of all Jews from Nazi-occupied Europe to Palestine. On the belief that Nazi Germany was a lesser enemy of the Jews than Britain, Lehi twice attempted to form an alliance with the (n(a(z(is. During World War II it declared that it would establish a Jewish state based upon "nationalist and totalitarian principles".Former Lehi leader Yitzhak Shamir became Prime Minister of Israel in 1983.

This was very informative. I've heard a lot about Jewish deportation in northeastern europe but never about such from Greece.How many giant lies can the J!ews tell before being exposed ?

No Mention of the Red Jewi$h Bol$hevik$ $ome e$timate$ $ay up to 50 million Chri$tian Bourgeoi$ died between the $laughter in Ru$$ia and the Ukraine $tarvation.$earch-- Red Jewish Bolsheviks$earch-- Judaism is CommunismLot$ of information on the $ubject it is ju$t anti-$emitic to tell the truth about Jew$$o you do not hear about it or get taught about it.Hitler wa$ Fighting Bol$hevi$m=Communi$m=Marxi$m which all morphed after the Holocau$t under the cover of Zioni$m.The$e $ame group$ where in the U.S. financing (Jew Bank$ters$the Red Jewi$h Bol$hevik$ and when Hitler was defeated they $tarted to work on America. Its all about world domination through finance$ and politic$Hence our i$$ue$ today.

My grandfather, a small business owner in Yugoslavia (now Croatia)  transported several Jewish families from his home in Cavtat, just south of Dubrovnik to Corfu, Greece in early 1941.  He built false panels inside the boat for the families to hide in case anyone boarded the boat and looked for them.  He sailed without lights, returned home, and told no one of the story for many years.  I have tried to find anyone who knows about this story.  I am not allowed to post it via Yad Vashem, as we have no documents or witnesses to this story.  We just know what our grandfather did and are greatful.  If this sounds like anyone's family history, please comment. I'd love to know what became of the people my grandfather helped.

I swear, if one more person tries to sell me a commemorative ashtray tonight i will fire off some missles !!!

of course

25 million Russians were killed, millions of innocent German civilians; especially in the Allied carpet bombing of Dresden. Bombing that turned Dresden into a living, hell on earth; a firestorm that only a nuclear bomb could replicate. But the J*ws never speak about these things. The J*ws have brought us all the 'ism's: Communism (Karl Marx, Trostsky, Englels etc), Feminism, Capitalism and racism. They demand that Europe and America open their borders to immigrants while making sure Israel remains "pure". The J*ews brought Communism to Russia as pay back for supporting Andrew Jackson in his fight with the Rothschilds. Not many people know this, but Tsar Alexander II offered to send Jackson Russian troops in fight to oust the J*ewish bankers. The J*ews neither forget nor forgive. Theri retribution was to destroy the Tsars and ensare Russians in the trap of communism. The Naz&amp;is wanted to return ownership to the GERMAN people; instead of the tiny, but super wealthy elite Je*ws.

Why are both the Sephardim and Ashkenazi so historically vilified?

in Europe the Jew will put u in jail for 5 years if you deny the Holocaust...they dont want people to run the holocaust as a cold case..lol

No man, woman, nor child will ever have anything to fear from my guns, but we Americans fear the government that fears our guns...

Gotta keep the holocaust/Nazi stories....its what the world needs.....That the #$%$ could perpetrate such a horrific crime over the course of a decade or so, involving the enslavement and murder of such a large percentage of a great and historic people while the world mostly ignored the crime is a terrible reminder of a human failing not only in the German people whose megalomaniac leader planned the crime, but a failing of the rest of the world, that looked away, that ignored all of the evidence that Hitler and his #$%$ were knee deep in the blood of the Jewish people as they hurried their efforts to exterminate the Jews before Germany would fall to the Allies.  In Greece, many Greeks hid their Jewish neighbors, putting their own lives and the lives of their families at stake, yet nonetheless, the destruction of the Jews of Greece, and especially of Thessaloniki, and the passing of the Jewish culture is an indelible crime carried out by the Germans and their army of collaborators which has never been fully explained nor appropriately punished.

History -Pharaoh killed off the first born of Israel according to the Bible  --Herod killed off all the babies in Bethlehem to kill Jesus  --Torquemada tortured and killed thousands during the inquisition --Millions of Native Americans slaughtered by white men --Stalin starved out millions of Ukrainians and others. Executed millions of political prisonersMao Tse Tung slaughtered millions of political prisoners and "enemies of the state"Polt Pot killed millions in South East AsiaGenocidal wars were fought in the Balkans less than 20 years ago.I'm not trying to diminish the holocaust - I'm trying to prove it happened. The fact that there have been hundreds, maybe thousands of holocausts across the centuries is anecdotal evidence that the extermination of the Jews in WW2 happened. And it's also proof that there are millions of other unknown victims of hidden holocausts who also deserve their day of mourning. God bless the human race that we may soon outgrow this level of barbarism.

Wow, 1 in 16 of the jewish people in greece survived. Even if I'm not jewish myself, I truly feel for these people and angry at the ignorant people who continue to follow hitler's idealism of hatred and fear.

Our jewish slave Amerikan government covered it up, USS Liberty. No compensation. Ship commander tried so hard to persuade our government to hold israel responsible &amp; pay our deads. Did not happen. he committed suicide.

Tzila Segal (mother);Benzion Mileikowsky, "Benjamin's" father (later Netanyahu) both born in the Russian empire, just like 80% of all Israelis.

If more people did the research about WWll then they would see way too many of the same things happening here in America right now.But too many deny it ever happened then and are too blind to see the truth now.

My sympathies to the Jews. It's sad that the House of Israel would have to deal with such horrors.A question though, has anyone asked themselves honestly how #$%$ became equivalent with "right-wing?" My understanding was that the communists called the fascists "right-wing socialists" because they used socialism, but preferred to mix capitalism and communism to create an ideal "3rd way." In any case both these evil enterprises were destined to fail. But since when was capitalism itself explicitly linked to fascism? It's a non-sequitr.

Jews served om WWII and in Viet Nam.  In fact, in Viet Nam a corporal won the Medal of Honor.  All you people who think you are spreading the truth fail to mention that.  When you are kicking the jews around you are dishonoring those who served our country.  They were a smaller ethnic percentage in Viet Nam because of student deferrment, however those that were graduating became officers and that was a larger number.  This isn't mentioning the civilian support they gave us through medical, scientific, engineering, etc.So while you are blaming all the flaws of the world on the Jewish people in the name of "honesty" you are omitting some facts, just as you claim they do.

It is funny about historical ignorance! USA claims it defeated #$%$m when Hitler fell but it seems even the conquered nations who were #$%$ on by Hiter, whom they claim they hated, they adopt neo-Nazi and fascist behaviours as what they call national solidarity. In USA they all proclaim the #$%$ were defeated but they brethren, under the guise of freedom of speech, the flag and the Bible, they form viruses to infect the good people of faith. Thank God, they have the following they have for the sake of Liberty so we know where they are coming from. Amen

You holocaust deniers are some pitiful, pathetic people. Both my father and grandfather were involved in liberating some of the camps. The photos they brought home are horrifying. General Eisenhower knew there would be idiots like you that try to deny it happened or that the camps even existed--that is why he had everything filmed to document it.@Michael, how many people died in WW2? How about how many people died in theCamps that the N)azis ran? If you give a number to this question, than you don'tunderstand that in warfare there is never a count of the dead that is real. Theytry and come close, that's it.

There's jews in greece?

I am proud of my Jewish blood.  If my relatives did not escape to NY, I probably would not be here.

Uh, time to move on.

Just another Holocaust, not the first or the last. More people die for stupid ideologies than any other reason and continue to today.

Here we go again, cry me a river.........

i taught w/a ww ii german in the 90S.  he was a camp guard.  he said, "we were nice to the russian prisoners". yeah.  i bet the germans had a lot of russians that wanted to be prisoners of the germans.

By August 1943, 46,091 Jews had been deported to Auschwitz-Birkenau. Of those, 1,950 survived. Fewer than 5,000 of the 80,000 Jews living in Greece survived. The majority, after returning from the camps, emigrated to Israel. Today, the Jewish community in Thessaloniki, which, until the early 20th century formed a slight majority of the city's inhabitants, numbers fewer than 1,000.The Jews of Thessaloniki were mostly Sephardic Jews, who emigrated after 1492 to escape persecution from Spain which, in that year, had driven the Arabs out of the southern Iberian Peninsula.1492- Jews expelled from Spain and many fled to Salonika1943- Jews rounded up in Salonika and executed1947 - Jews return to their original Homeland, Israel.

That guy looks like Stalin..

Why are people denying the holocaust?! Sadly, yes it did happen!And Obama and the democrats want the citizens to give up their guns.. I don't think so.

EVERYBODY who opposed Nazi was deported or killed, not just jews. Now they are deporting Palestinians and do not let them go back in own land, forcing them ride in separate buses,...and still talking about WW2 deportations. What a nice people !?

Based on how the Jews treat Palestians, they seem to have learned well.

May Peace Be With All The Souls of The LostAnd MAY GOD BLESS

They should celebrate with a big bonfire &amp; then have 6 million jews jump into it.

Why don't we make a commemoration for tha native american that where rounded up and killed, many placed in reservations(concentration camps) misplaced...

who killed more? Hitler or Stalin?

search for "Rothschild". He was one of the wealthy jews who controlled Europe since Napoleon day, WWI, WWII &amp; even now.

1 million Roma sent to the ovens. Anybody care?

Most people lucky enough to have lived through a horrific life experience try like hell to forget it ever happened...  Just ask anyone who has experienced death and destruction up close and personal ??In February 1943, German authorities concentrated the Jews of Salonika in two ghettos, one in the east of Salonika and one in the western, Baron de Hirsch quarter of the city. Jews were concentrated in the western quarter, near the railway station, in preparation for impending deportations.Between March and August 1943, the Germans deported more than 45,000 Jews from Salonika to the Auschwitz-Birkenau extermination camp.Most of the deportees were gassed on arrival in Auschwitz.

In mid-July 1942, the Germans forced 9,000 Jewish males of Greek citizenship between the ages of 18 and 45 to assemble at Liberty Square (Plateia Eleftheria), where they were registered for forced-labor assignments. Throughout the day, the Germans humiliated and beat these men.Two thousand Jews were assigned to forced-labor projects for the German army. The German authorities demanded a ransom for the release of the Jews.The Jewish community in Salonika collected money in Salonika and Athens and sold the Jewish cemetery in Salonika to raise the required sum.Salonika's city administration purchased the cemetery, then broke up the headstones for construction materials and later built a university at the site.

So whats this in aid of ? to remind Greeks how bad they/war was, to get some $$or to make the situation in Palestine look more palatable ? At least the jews  were allowedback in to Greece after the war in a few years same can not be said about the Palestinianswho are not allowed to go back even after 40/50 years I think you lose any credibility as avictim when history shows zionist/jewish racist actions the past 65 years

u are talking about nazi germans killed jews in second world war but u forgot to say that israel has killed hundreds of thousands of arab people in palestine,lebanon,iraq...etc .israel deported many palestinians and lebanese from their home country

LeninHis reign of terror caused 9 million deaths but you never see him compared with Hitler.                                                                                                                              The secret police, the Cheka, dominated by Jews, published the names of 1.7 million people they murdered in 1918-1919, including 300,000 priests.

Why do the Palestinians have to pay for something that happened between Europeans?  That would be like the U.S. government making up to native Americans by arming, financing, and giving them Japan.

Greece has lost its economy due to the greedy jewish  Banks in Germany..Merkel is a giant stooge for them.

I am not sure about the Jew situation,but I have known many who were in Greece at the time and talked of mass exterminations of the entire Greek male population of many cities and towns by the Germans( Lets stop giving them a free ride by calling them #$%$ we know who they are ). If you have been there ,Greece is a faboulous place,yes they don't pay their taxes and are in trouble of their own making and the largest population of Greeks is in Melbourne Australia after Athens..We need to help them,not hurt them,but hey need to help themselves first.

Jewish or Non-jewish,  killing innocent people ( nowadays by Drones) is wrong. But Amerikan media will not let us ask the question about Holocaust. Why did that happen. if we do not know the root cause how can we avoid this in the future. Ohh, Hitler was a maniac, that is why it happened. That is Anti_Semantic.

Again with the Nazi?My Grandmother survived Auschwitz she chewed through barbed Razor wire, got caught in the mine field lost her leg then had to saw through a Gate with her Femur bone.All while being shot at and a German Sheppard chewed her arm off.Then she kung Fu kicked a Guard with a fly one legged leap kick from 1000 yards away and stole his Motorcycle.Then she rode a Polish wheelie to avoid further gun fire wile using her Mouth to shift  and throttle at the same time.Then she had to swim across a river using her tongue and was attacked by purple alligators that cut her bellly open and her intestines where dragging 300ft behind her.she managed to find a Pogo stick near by and bounced out of harms way when she got lost and it happened to be a Magic forest.There she met Hobbits, Golems, Elves, and fairies that protected her from the evil goblins in a gruesome battle where my Grandma lost her eyes. Once they where done fighting legions of the Goblins and where victorious the all got on the Pogo stick and it became enchanted and led them to a glowing cave in the magic forest.It spoke in a deep voice and said let the warrior Grandma come and I will heal her.So all the magical creatures hoped off the magic pogo stick and she bounced inside.There was a bright light and she came out in perfect condition.To this day she still talks about it!

Wish i could have been there to slam the boxcars shut and lock them.

I have NO INTENTION to EVER visit a Holocaust museum EVER on American Soil!!!

Jewish congresswomen in CA passed a bill  making it  "illegal to Criticize Israel " in our UC campuses. Search for CA HR-35. You won't hear these on jewish controlled CNN, FOX &amp; others This is our "selective freedom of speech"

The Holocaust was one giant fraud..Jews are master illussionists..

Whole world is laughing at this good Old USA !!!. 2% of the population control the whole government.

Some of the victims of German aggression were 27 million Russians that nobody cares to remember.

Deportation was justified beacause of jewish bankers sucking blood!!!

Jews have their own country now but yet they still invade other countries all over the world and insist on making a nuisance of themselves then cry they are being picked on when the legitimate citizens have had enough of their meddling.  Their problems have always been well deserved.

Holocaust  is NOT a Hoax. It did really happen. What we are angry is why only Jewish people taking advantage of this. They caused the WWI &amp; WWII. Others died in millions. Why only Jewish people getting our tax money to build monuments ?what happened to Jimmy Carter  after he published the book " Palestine , not Apartheid" ??

The hollow hoax... The gift that keeps on giving.

Must have fed these jews pretty good since they are still alive at 200 years old.

The Great Depression in USA was caused by jewish bankers of Wall Steet. Why would anybody want to defend them??? Are you getting AIPAC donations to shut-up???

They are brave they stayed and fought not like others who run away and now bringing worse to the middle east!

Holocaust™

So why can't we ask the question "Why Hitler did what he did "  ??. Then we are "Anti- cementic" ???. I thought that is our freedom ~~~. Opps my bad, Selective Freedom !!!

Search for "EX-CIA agent 911",  EX-MI5 agent 911". You will not see these stories on CNN or FOX. How under pressure from Israel Bush didn't save those Americans to get sympathy for israel. I am making this up?. Then why CNN &amp; FOX do not want to invite these people &amp; ask questions to ridicule them. Noooo,  jewish controlled Amerikan media  can't.They can't handle the truth.

There were over 750,000 Greeks killed in WW 2,  A number of which were my own relatives, the only commemorating is done by our family!

How Long Are we Going To Hear About This Its Almost As Bad As Constantly Hearing About Slavery The Past Is Behind Us Its Time To Move Forward.Another jewish congresswomen from LA spent $900,000 to change the appearance of a 1964 Airforce building from above. She found out in 2006 google earth that the buildings look like Nazi swastika.  search online for the news . CNN, FOX will not tell you these.

Ted Cruz said that there was no Holocaust?

Notice how it's not Germans anymore, it's always #$%$.  That started with Memphis Belle in 1990(?), which was made in HOLLYWOOD.  You can hate #$%$, and are encouraged to, but Germans, not so much.  On the other hand, you can't hate Communists or Soviets.

@Sandy Hook® PsyOp ... no questions, no doubts ...Systematic persecution of German Jewry began with Adolf Hitler's rise to power in 1933. Beginning in 1939 the Euthanasia Program functioned as a pilot for the Holocaust. The first mass ga/ssings began at a camp in Belzec in 1942 and five more ma/ss killing centers were built. From 1942 to 1945, Jews were deported to the camps from all over Europe, the Nazi tried to keep these camps secret, but the scale of the killing made it impossible. Nuremberg Trials of 1945-46 brought Nazi atrocities to light. In 1953 the German government began payments to Jewish people acknowledging the responsibility for their crimes.

More pro Jew "Oh woe is us!" news. Israel must be getting ready for another attack on the Palestinians and need all the sympathy they can get so the world looks the other way as the jews murder women and children and steal more land.

Why is them Jews always gettin run out of town

communism is a jewish idea and it is responsible for exponentially more white indigenous deaths than the holocaust killed immigrant jews.

It is interesting that the Holocaust deniers have not made any headway in their decades long propaganda against Jews. Although I don't underestimate their capacity to stir up trouble, I am heartened by the fact that they are so stupid and will die in obscurity, their greatest fear. You see, the Jewish people live forever and are known for their immense contributions to cultures and societies all over the world. The deniers are pathetic loser nobodies that are patholigicaily jealous of Jews. Oh well, they can just continue to be nobodies.

in 1947 former Israel PM , Menachm begin was the Most wanted Terrorist ( like Bin laden today) to the British Government. You won't hear these on CNN or FOX. they started  the Mideast story from 1967 ( Amanpoure- another Iranian Jew marries to a former Clinton WH Jew) . Begin Killed a poor milkman , used his cloths, hid the bombs in milk bottles &amp; blew up the British Army Barracks in Palestine. ( Now israel). So many soldiers died .Tthey were the same people who liberated these selfish filthy jews from Nazi death camps the same year . This is how jews say 'Thank you". They haven't changed , have they ??

"% dancing Mosad Agents" admitted to FBI that Israel was very happy that 911 was a success. Bush under pressure from AIPAC &amp; Israel covered it up. They knew about the plot by ALQ . Why 911 commission was closed door . Why Obama could not have a promised Iraq war inquiry after the election?. Why a congressman who indicated the coverup by Amerikan government &amp; Israel had to apologize &amp; was forced to resign /Never happened. Worlds biggest hoax. The winners write the history.

I knew the minute I saw the headline the deniers would be in here.Let me make this as fast as possible. There is absolutely, positively, no way to hoax the holocaust. It is absolutely impossible to fake the thousands of photographs, AND hundreds of films, AND the millions of pages of documents, AND the millions of witnesses AND confessions at Nuremberg AND the dozens of confessions since AND the eye witness of people like Eisenhower, Bradley and Patton AND (the list goes on and on)  --  The holocaust is one of the most documented events in human history.AND, the deniers are usually uneducated, not accredited, not old enough to have been there, and most of them have an agenda - like having Nazi like beliefs. (Would you believe Hitler was a nice guy if the only person who said so was Eva Braun?) To believe them and not believe the witnesses and other evidence is anti-intellectual, anti-common sense, and an offense to those who survived, to those who fought, and to those who died.

What are they going to do when their "survivors" are gone? This is the only reason they currently get reparations.

There are laws in many European countries putting people in prison for questioning any aspects of THE STATE VIEW of the Holocaust.  It can't be researched or talked about or debated.  If something is true why does it need laws to protect it?  What are they afraid of?  What are they hiding?

Native Americans feel the same way on how their country was stolen.

youtube Holodomor Ukraine 1933 (the real holocaust)The killing of 10 million Christians by the Jewish Bolsheviks under Joseph Stalin 1932-1933 in Ukraine. These events are also known as Holodomor.This video has nothing to do with the #$%$ or Adolf Hitler.This video is used under Fair Use 17 USC 107 for teaching purposes.Truth fears no scrutiny.

Collaxion, the whole of Europe was being attacked by that animal. I was born during that war in London.so who could help? America started  helping in 1941 and without them Hitler would have England as well. The Germans were so obedient to Hitler I can never forgive them. Europe was completely invaded by that Nazi.

I was on "USS Liberty" . I was a 16yr old kid. Jews were trying to drag us in to 1967 war in Mideast. Just like today, they sent our kids to die in Iraq, now Syria &amp; Iran. This is part of the "jewish master's New World Order" . Read about it. Paul Wolfowits wanted a bigger than Perl Harbor incident . "

The #$%$ also rounded up Greeks and sent them to detention camps. No mention of them at all. .. . . or the French, or the Polish, or the German people themselves who were against Hitler.

the Jewish controlled media will never stop talking about holocaust; how about talking about Palestine ?Search for "USS Liberty". Don't get brainwashed by Jewish propaganda.

American people, call your congress &amp; ask them to take care of our USS Liberty Heroes. Not Syrian " Terrorist Freedom Fighters" . Any pathetic jew living in US giving me -ves should leave this country. Time is running out for you.

Anti-semites are funny. They look funny.

Obama has started the war to get rid of the wealthy white male.

yahoo now runs 80 jew  stories a week, 5 about catholics and none about protestants none about hindus and none about budha, whats the go with Yahoo...do #$%$ own it?

die nazi pigs. some of us will never forgive or forget.

Who the hell cares about Jews in Greece when the Germans are at it again destroying Greece with Weapons of Financial Destruction... Write about that you damn idiots from Yahoo News!

Send them back home to Israel please ,save yourselves from the infestation.Notice I don`t preach gas chambers ,just leave the gentiles alone, we can thrive without the international leeches

If anti semitic laws can pass in the USA, we need to make sure that at every mention of the Holocaust is mentioned that they mention the GOY as well or else the articles are anti Goyim.

then no one suffring as much jews sufer , then you should feel for palistinian how they suffring , and palistinian causing so much suffring to ather country like lebanon most beautiful country god give now all the arab invade that country is no peaceThe truth ain't afraid of﻿ discussions. Or investigations, for that matter.

The holocaust is historical fact.  There is overwhelming evidence.  It's not even worth arguing.  The people who question the holocaust are anti-semites, or fools.  Plain and simple.

Reading this powerful moving story I knew it would cause all the Jew haters to emerge from the sewers they live in and start attacking the Jews.To these haters I say: I &amp; MILLION other US &amp; Brazilian Evangelists plus MILLIONS of other Christians &amp; proud SECULAR Jews love, respect, and stand united in love with the Jews, who unlike you hater #$%$ of the earth losers dweling in the puke of your failed miserable lives, the Jews are a great people, smart, good-looking, educated, prosperous, and as proven by glorious Israel &amp; its melting pot of TOUGH brown-skinned Sephardi, white-skinned Ashkenazi, and Ethiopian/African Jews serving with honor with the Israel Defense Forces (IDF), they are also great kick-your-faces-warriors. Y'all whine &amp; rave with your racist hatred because you suffer from inferiority complexes, bunch of losers. Yeah. keep venting your frustration &amp; rage impotently as the Jews &amp; Israel stand triumphant, and we who love Israel can read your pathetic comments and laugh at what a bunch of demented depraved loser jerks y'all are.Long live Israel in the name of Lord Jesus the Christ and as we say in our Brazilian church when we pray for Israel: "Gloria a Deux Israel, Amen, Senhor".

Why is this news? That damned tribe is always playing victim. When the truth be told they were often the aggressors. Just ask a Palestinian.

The horrible suffering of these Jews reminds us why the World must unite to confront Israel's horrific abuse of Christians and Muslims suffering for generations under the scourge of occupation.  All people deserve freedom, regardless of their religion, and the holocaust reminds all of us of the price of silence:  Stop Israel.

Any way you slice it be it Jews, Christans , or Aliens genocide is is the darkest side of humanity.

Anyone else get the impression that Jews were the only victims in WW II?

Go Golden Dawn!

Anti-semites are the biggest cowards in the world.  I stand with my Jewish friends in standing up to these #$%$ that are so pathetic that all they can do is hide behind their computer screens and spew their BS.  The good news is their hatred will eventually consume them from within unless they realize that we are ALL children of God.

Jews have invented very little considering they were around long before christians or  others..what they did invent was slavery, interest and manipulation, just to name a few things.Tigress, what penetrating insight you have given us.  You are obivously a genius.  LOL, can you spell #$%$"?

this is why israel needs its own state (forced out of other countries in the middle east and europe)

We have to respect innocent  people jews &amp; non jews died in the wars. But our question is why why why. it is always about only jews. yes Holocaust really happened. No question about it. Even president of Iran who supposedly hate jews like hell admitted to that fact. So if anyone saying holocaust did not happen you are a hater.

All our grandfathers and great uncles that went to this war and died should be mentioned as well . . . . or else it is forgetting the Goy who died and sacrificed.

Strangely  Jews are hated in every country they setup shop? Why is that? Is the whole world racist?

Google Red Cross Holocaust Numbers. 272,000 is a far cry from 6 Million.

People are so stupid, they want to remember only this one moment in time ! If you don't want this to happen again you need to remember all of the moments leading up to it as well !!Today they are reliving those moments and don't even seem to know it !! It starts with liberalism, Liberal government starts to allow foreigners and lots of welfare. Sounds great right ?!? Very humanitarian !! And people are tolerant so they allow this, but before you know it you're giving out more welfare than you can afford, and the store up the street that was Greek owned for four generations is now a Muslim incense shop !! So more and more people get tired of the foreigners and start right wing extremist groups !!A few years more down the road your country is bankrupt, most of your friends are out of work, there are more foreigners than locals and they seem to be doing better than you !!Well it's just a shove now and you've got another deportation day coming !!No country on Earth has yet to manage the middle ground between Liberalism and Conservatism !! Here in the U.S. they pit us together against each other !! And the pendulum just keeps swinging back and forth !!!

over 1 Million civilians died in Stalingrad / Russia &amp; Manila / Philippines. So where is the news ??  There were not even 6M jews in Europe , search for "1939 World jewish Almanac",This is their own book ~~

I'm not buying it.

The International Red Cross stated in their reports when they visited the camps regularly during the war that they saw no evidence of any extermination program despite the rumors.  What I said is in not hateful or racist, its a fact.History Channel presents: "Jewish Nazi Collaborators. "Just watch it.History is not just black and white

It is time to give up with that nonsense and move on . It is the same as if the indians wold also bring up the past . The germans paid a very steep price for what the nazi party did .so move on please .

So what Them Jews were deported white folks deport mescans every day after they took their property and call it brand new mexico

Of course, yet another article about Jews on the front page of Yahoo! That's now 7 articles on the front page in about a week. Keep cashing those AIPAC checks...

The Jews need the world's sympathy .

There's no business like shoah business

Palestinian deportation does not mean a thing to them. They are always the victim even when they kill and deport you.

Jews are just as worse with their agenda with the Illuminati

I am on the Jews side because I want to go to Heaven and I just love them.  I have Jewish blood.

Move on.Its important to keep this fable alive. Complete hoax.

"My children used to ask me what that number on my arm was," she said, referring to the identification number tattooed on Auschwitz-Birkenau prisoners. "I told them it was my old phone number in Thessaloniki."So what's the tattoo on her back, the Yellow Pages?

Why do people call zionist "(n(a(z(is"?Because in a way they are:"Fighters for the Freedom of Israel - Lehi"), commonly referred to in English as the Stern Gang initially sought alliance with Fascist Italy and Nazi Germany, offering to fight alongside them against the British in return for the transfer of all Jews from Nazi-occupied Europe to Palestine. On the belief that Nazi Germany was a lesser enemy of the Jews than Britain, Lehi twice attempted to form an alliance with the (n(a(z(is. During World War II it declared that it would establish a Jewish state based upon "nationalist and totalitarian principles".Former Lehi leader Yitzhak Shamir became Prime Minister of Israel in 1983.

Tigress put the capital B in   "d-u-m-B"

Go to youtube and type in the following:The USS LIBERTY,alan sabrosky,danny jowenko,lavon affair,gulf of tonkin,and the bombing of the King David hotel,The 5 "dancing Israeli's on 911...Then, tell me Israel is our ally..... Allies like Israhell, who needs ENEMIES!?

And you people still can't figure out why Jesus kicked the Jewish usuries out of the temple yet, huh? LOL!!

gee, where was the Greek Orthodox Church when this was happening???  the Roman Church has often been blamed.

In other news, several hundred people  in Greece were injured today when some merry prankster pointed to the ground and shouted "Look, a penny!" No word on if the penny was ever found.

any discrimination is bad, thats why its hurts me even more when i see jews discriminating against other minroties in usa because they know thats bad thing to do...

But I thought some of the communist loving liberal leftists were claiming the holocaust never happened?Why did jews have Jesus Christ murdered?

when u see stories like these is because israel is geting ready to attack its neighbors

Idc how much I hate their parents.  I would never ever kill a child. #$%$, Jews, Muslims, Koreans, Russains, anybody that doesn't like me cuz I'm American. That's why I can't be in the military. Idk how those damn people look at themselves. The Holocaust did happen and innocent children who murdered. It's absolutely sickening

… [Jews] are, all of them, born with raging fanaticism in their hearts, just as the Bretons and the Germans are born with blond hair. I would not be in the least bit surprised if these people would not some day become deadly to the human race.[2] —Voltaire, Lettres de Memmius a Ciceron (1771)I know that there are some Jews in the English colonies. These marranos go wherever there is money to be made... But whether these circumcised who sell old clothes claim that they are of the tribe of Naphtali or Issachar is not of the slightest importance. They are, simply, the biggest scoundrels who have ever dirtied the face of the earth." —Voltaire, Letter to Jean-Baptiste Nicolas de Lisle de Sales, December 15, 1773. Correspondance. 86:166

If we criticize israel for crimes against people, that is Anti-Cementic. 2% of this countries population control Amerikan media , congress, senate &amp; the president. That is wrong !!!.serach fro CA HR-35"  passed by who else jewish congress in the state.

The Jewish God and Chirstain God is one in the same.the only diference is the Son of God. In Normeni Patri, Et Filli, Et Spiritus Sancti...  the Islam False god is the occult.

USA  and Canada banned the entry of Jews because most Jews were Marxist activists.

(Jews In Greece) Israel opens Worlds largest fast food restaurant.

Give up your weapons to Obama and his loonie Democrats and the United States will be the next Holocaust. I saw first hand what our enemies can do .There's no mercy shown by animal's. America mustn't be next. 535 legislatures and most are afraid of the Messiah . They write our laws Then it's time they move to carry them out. United I don't think so it's a word of the past.. Are we coming together where am  i wrong ?

Harry; it’s very hard to forget the past when you realize how many millions of innocent men, women and children were murdered, especially if any of those that were murdered, were one of your friends or family members.But let’s not forget the real murderers that gathered up the Jews for Nazi Germany in WWII, and forced millions of innocent people into concentration camps for extermination? The Armenian government and the Armenian people, this was their main task they carried out with pride for Nazi Germany, Armenians called there collaboration with Nazi Germany and the murdering of millions of people, all about Armenian power and pride.The minute we forget what they did in WWII, no different than the attack on Pearl Harbor, history has a way of repeating itself.What a surprise, Jews crying about some bs the Germans did to them.

The #$%$ then and today are the enemy and law abiding citizens should make every effore to NEVER let anything like that happen again.

On the other hand i wish it was true.

I'm still waiting on that nice Jewish Senator lady name Dianne Feinstein of California to elaborate to me on how "imploding bullets" work !!

Yes! And arabs will be marking their eviction and deportation anniversary!! But who will mourn for those who are labeled radicals, fundamentalist, hardliners, anti democratic, fascist etc. Etc. The truth doesn't change that israel is a foreign occupation and it will have to be removed by the will of allah!!!!

Huh.. what's next ??

Lies, distortions, omission of facts, propaganda. ..All tools of the jew. Been like that thru out history. Nothing is new about it. In fact it is old biz. Ju bizthe veil-thin arguments used to prove the Jewish “Holocaust,” which is then used by global Zionists to justify the creation and continued existence of the state of Israel and as a tool to silence all critics; “Never again” is their rallying cry... its a pity party.. and everyone is required to show how sad you feel for the poor jew

...AH YES!...the weekly "WOE IS ME 75YRS LATER IAM A JEW STORY"....cant live without it!...

Leave it to the jews to -hore out the so-called holocaust even more.The victims of the Bolshevik Massacres should get at least bit of that attention.

Hey jews GET OVER ITtime for a dose of ..feel sorry for the jews... whoo hoo!Israel commits crimes against Palestinians..HOURLY Yet no "terrorist regime" label?? why?they have nukes.. or.. weapons of mass destrustions.. where are the invading armys or America and europe to take them.. and ..secure the area?the international media is controlled by Zionists because the Zionists want to control what is said about them.

The genocide and ethnic cleansing today is being carried out today, right in palestine by the wonderful jews, who can do no wrong.

And Now look at Greece, Are you really better off now or 68 years ago. As we say in the South (US) if we would have won we would have it made......Live and learn.

It is the bounden duty of entire sand mankind to protect Israel and Jews from the violence perpetrated by Muslims across the Globe. Jews are again being intimated this time by Muslims and I request US, UK , France and Germany to nuke Saudi Arabia to a zillion pieces and ensure that Mecca does not exist on this planet.

Comeing soon, to a theater near you, extermination nation.

Hey jews....fight your own wars ok....thanks.

when you agree to give up you guns and rights all you have left is the fema train.

It's time to move forward, a lot of nations lost people during WWII.

For all of you who are criticizing Jews, just remember that Jews provide employment to a majority of Americans in the areas of Media, Finance, Defence, Hollywood and almost every field in the Commercial world. We also pay taxes that pay your unemployment, disability, social security, medicare, mediclaim and other free goodies. Had it not been for our discoveries in the fields of Physics, Chemistry, Maths, Economics you people would still be sending messages through black and white chimneys like you continue in Vatican.  Please be greatful to us you ungreatfull inferior genes!

Seventy years ago is in the distant past.  Are there any survivors left who were adults from that time.The world is a much different place now.  Maybe it's time to forget.According to libtards this never happened....

God Bless Israel!

HATS OFF TO ADOLF

F....g people making comments tonight sound a lot like Obama.  May you all meet the wrath of your maker.

THE WARNING WAS SENT OUT TO JERUSALEM FOR SO VERY MANY YEARS, AND FINALLY The Romans Destroy the Temple at Jerusalem, 70 AD  "...the Jews let out a shout of dismay that matched the tragedy." From the time before Leviticus was written, God had begged, entreated them with unfathomable love and care, Sent his prophets to remind them of the covenants they had made with Him. Then they killed his only begotten son, with unrivaled hatred, and his judgments fell on them as prophesied.  WHAT DO THEY HAVE TO PLEAD THEIR CASE WITH?"Our only first-hand account of the Roman assault on the Temple comes from the Jewish historian Josephus Flavius. Josephus was a former leader of the Jewish Revolt who had surrendered to the Romans and had won favor from Vespasian. In gratitude, Josephus took on Vespasian's family name - Flavius - as his own. We join his account as the Romans fight their way into the inner sanctum of the Temple:Luke 19:41-44 41 And when He (Jesus) drew near and saw the city, He wept over it, 42 saying, “Would that you, even you, had known on this day the things that make for peace! But now they are hidden from your eyes. 43 For the days will come upon you, when your enemies will set up a barricade around you and surround you and hem you in on every side 44 and tear you down to the ground, you and your children within you. And they will not leave one stone upon another in you, because you did not know the time of your visitation.”Deuteronomy 26:63 And as the LORD took delight in doing you good and multiplying you, so the LORD will take delight in bringing ruin upon you and destroying you. And you shall be plucked off the land that you are entering to take possession of it.Deuteronomy 28:36 The Lord will bring a nation against you from afar, from the end of the earth, as swift as the eagle flies, a nation whose language you will not understand, a nation of fierce countenance, which does not respect the elderly nor show favor to the young.Leviticus 26:33 I will scatter you among the nations and will draw out my sword and pursue you. Your land will be laid waste, and your cities will lie in ruins.

crime is a crime hitler do it  to Jews or Israel do it to plestinian

I always hear about the "poor Jews" when the rich Jew bankers who financed Hitler are NEVER mentioned!!!

reason for this story: either they want more money or they are geting ready to bomb their neighbors again

Jews are the #$%$ of the earth/

Nazi Tactic Sympathizer Attorney General Kamala Harris, is swiftly tearing down progress made in the mental health community.  By terrorizing persons with mental health incidents, she is instilling fear and anxiety among those who might otherwise seek treatment or counseling for a myriad of mental health problems.  Mental health is a continuum.  People can and do overcome mental health downfalls such as dysfunctional grieving and a plethora of other problems.  We do not need such an arrogant display of coercive power to deter violence.  What is needed is a supportive community.  You are no better than the gun cartel that is probably supporting you.  See article in Bloomberg where nurse Lynette gets her gun confiscated as well as her spouse for living in the same house.Search USS Saint Louis +Jews

I believe it is the Jews that are trying to destroy Barack Obama. He is the victim of a conspiracy, and we know who they are – this insidious group that tears down every African American politician who dares defy their power. We’re talking about the Rockefellers, and the Trilateral Commission who along with the Zionists have been putting AIDS viruses in vending machines all across America!

So the NAZI has done exactly what Israel is doing or has done to the Palestinians so what? they are lucky they are alive.

Blacks rob you with a gun. Jews rob you with a lawyer. See: Bernie Madoff.

Holoc  aust Su rviv ors who Tell the Tr uth    utube

The commie Greeks at the time collaborated with the Nazzies to deport the Jews.

There were 34,000,000 million non-Jew civilians killed in WWII, where's their recognition?

the jews always get the short end of the stick......

Who really cares what they mark?

if you were not jew but braindamaged because of your fathers pennis hit your head at late pregnancy with you - the germans killed those of their own german kids too.they did not kill the sinful sex parents that produced those kids.WE tried to exterminate the j..ews so they would just shut the F up! GD whining is so irritating.

The mayor is a jew??????Shame on the Greeks!

I would like to live in Tell Aviv. But there is a teeny tiny hint of a problem. I am not a Jew. Will I be allowed to live there if I convert to Judaism? Will I be among God's chosen people?

The question about Holocaust is that, israel now has a population of 7000000 Jews. It took them 64 years to gather this population of Jews from all over the world to live there and by giving them money, home, job and many bribes.  How could Hitler 60 years ago gather 6000000 Jews together and kill them?

Jews have better PR theny the rest.

Enough about the dam jews and the holyhoax. Nobody cares for this fairy tale.

We don't have enough gratuitous news stories about Jews, so I'm very thankful for this article.  After all, no other peoples have suffered in holocausts except the Jews.  God bless!

There were 10,000 "Ann Frank

How many Christians have jews murdered over the years. Heck Jews even killed Jesus Christ  because he pointed out that they were filthy money grubbing jews.

Please, anti-semites, FIX YOUR TEETH. There is little to be done about your overhanging foreheads.Jews have contributed more to this world in the fields of Art, Music, Legislature, Economics, Science, Technology, Medicine than all other races combined. Jews are born brilliant and are leagues superior to other races in terms of intellect and wisdom. God Bless Jews and give them peace and comfort after having suffered thousands of years of trauma in the hands of Muslims and Christians. I like Jews and I am not a Jew.

Jews are responsible for more murder and death than all other races combined. They also hoard and steal money.

...Oops! Looks like I stumbled in on the "Blue Collar Troll Forum".  Byeee...

Human history, regardless to race color or religion.  It is very sad, blood every where.  Animals are more peaceful.  Can I spend the rest of my life with charming faithful pretty woman?  Unlikely.  Let us fight.  It is a jungle out there, I mean New York

tg

Deport the JEWS, the homos, the illeagles!!!!!

i think the greeks are fed up

King Obama is the new Hitler

So it was not a success...................damn

In ww2 How many cathlics died? How many protestents died? How many chistians died? How many athiests died? How manty agnostics died?  Who cares, only jews matter. That is we all were brainwashed with 5m jews died. no one else mattersAt least they have a legit purpose. Whereas St. Patrick's day and alcoholics who use it as an excuse to party and be rowdy is such a waste of time.

Amazing how the Jew haters come out to whine whenever a story mentions Jew or Israel. Pathetic!

There are those that are posting comments about other massacres.  The point of this article is to remember this particular occurrance.  There is nothing here indicating that it was the only time in history people have suffered.  Get a grip.

This is EXACTLY what we need to do to liberals in the Final Solution to the Liberal Problem. Hitler was absolutely right he just should have done that liberals and muslims and I think today we GOP would be proud to join with him and serve him since our ideals match so closely.

Anyone notice that tree in the left of the picture lo oks like a dril l  pick ?

Ashkenazim Jewish under Joseph killed over 20 and some speculate up to 90 million Christians in Russia after disarming them, Why don't Christians have a Holocaust Memory? These same descendents of the Russian Ashkenazim Jewish are the very ones trying to disarm American Christians today. Another Christian Slaughter is coming!

Milk.. Milk... Milk.. Milk that Holocau$t.

Israel was founded on a lie.

In all, 300,000 Jews died during the "Holocaust", but not 6,000,000. Nor did these Jews die in gas chambers. They died from typhus and food shortages brought on by the allied bombing of German cities and infrastructure. There was no plan to liquidate the Jewish population in Europe or the world. The Holocau$t is the biggest lie after Creationism used by Zionists to justify the creation of the state of Israel.

My only regret is that Hitler failed.youtube one third of the holocaust

Greek Jews , now I heard everything...i bet these thieves own all the Souvlakia businesses.

Not 1 Jew died in a  gas chamber.

just jews didnt suffer  why dont they remember the rest ?

What happen to the jews is extremely sad and cruel. If there was a day set aside in the whole world to morn the death of the lord by the romans and jews who contributed would that be wrong? Would jewish and romans be offended? I see in my bible that there is truth to these allegations.  comments welcomed. Thanks.

and people want to complain about American slavery.......... neither should ever happen again.

The war is over ... Get over it ... I think they should start reading the " NEW TESTAMENT "

Holocaust is a hoax.

Let's bring back the good old days.

Adolf Hitler was adored by the Jewish lead media in America,  Time magazine named "Man Of the Year"  Just like Obama.  That's strange...this story tells me 3 possibilities, 1 they want to extort more money, 2 planning on bombing their neighbors stealing more land and 3 trying to get US involved in another war for their benefit

Holocaust has been a proven fraud by experts.

time for a dose of ..feel sorry for the jews... whoo hoo!Israel commits crimes against Palestinians..HOURLY Yet no "terrorist regime" label?? why?they have nukes.. or.. weapons of mass destrustions.. where are the invading armys or America and europe to take them.. and ..secure the area?the international media is controlled by Zionists because the Zionists want to control what is said about them.

I can't began to tell you how many ignorant americans i've met over the years that i would gas and gladly stuff in a furnace and burn.

The World should never forget this or it will be repeated.

There was a plan to rescue them from outside the ghetto but the resistence abandoned it. If it worked theyed be here to fight all the islamofasists!!!

Im so tired of this #$%$ i could just s _ _ t.  all this means is that israel plans to attack its neighbors again or murder more palistinian people.  those butt heads never seem,t o learn their lessons.

Deeming yourself god's chosen to rule over all other races IS racism, specifically supremacism, and is an obvious mental disorder.

Apparently only Jews died during WWII..... stupid fuqqing jews.

The savagery and colossal hatred/bigotry still exists today-- right here in America.  Ask the Southern Poverty Law CenterIt is always about the jews the jews..go back to germany (where you come from)

The Jews are like the blacks, crying over things that happened a loooong time ago.... allegedlly.

God bless the Jewish people as well as all good people

same  old  victimhood.  get  a  life  no ones  cares  about  the  never  ending  propaganda  coming  out  of  the  zio/nazi  press.

if they exterminated them in the camps why are we still hearing from them 70 years later?

the germans were pigs.  a lot of the amer.germans are still pigs.  they hate minorities.

were they being sent to the Gaze Strip ?

Hey goldberg, let's celebrate with a bonfire.

There is nothing you should hate, but hatred.G_D Bless and forgive us all.

So on arrival the story goes: women and children were separated form the men and sent to the gas chambers -  how did Zana in the article above - how did she survive? It does not make rational sense. Wake up people.Sooo...the Latvian SS guys are heckled for remembering their brothers in arms yet the Jewish in Greece can commemorate their murder? Hypocrisy at it's finest. The Latvian SS volunteers fought for the Germans against the soviets, they weren't involved in the holocaust. Yet the "SS" is all the media and todays misguided youths need to hear to make their unjust decision.

I wish an alliance could be built with the Jewish community and our people the American Indians

Apparently the #$%$ have been playing possum for the last 60 years and are ready to strike again!  Isn't that the message in all of these stories?

I have a serious que‌stion which has been tugging at my mind for ages. Even Chinese Jews with their small slan‌ted eyes and Russian Je‌ws With their th‌ick, arched eyeb‌rows are among God's chosen pe‌ople and can live in Tel-Aviv?

greece print your own money because they are over taking your country with out a machine gun but with a bank machine,  unite and save your ancient land py back the devils with greek money

Jews are the scapegoats of Capitalism.

One serious question! Even Chinese Jews with their small slanted eyes and Russian Jews With their thick, arched eyebrows are among God's chosen people?

Hitler messed up he should have been killing muslims

Unfortunately, the number of deaths claimed by the jews are inflated for political and financial gain!  Recent and on going investigation and research has and is proving these false claims and fabrication made by the jews!  Stay tuned!

History says that the deportation of the Jews from Greece was for the safety of the German war operations in Greece's front. The Germans were afraid of war sabotage from the Jews in Greece and they had to move them in Germany for strategic reasons and to neutralize that threat and didn't want to take that risk..Who cares about this giuze  propaganda ?

Real "deniers" are the victors of WW2, especially the Jews. "For some time I have been suggesting that holocaust-belief be regarded as a form of collective insanity. The overwhelming technical arguments and evidence presented over many years by revisionists have negligible impact. Although I have never studied psychology, I now believe that it is important to try to understand the bizarre mental processes that are involved here and treat the "holocaust" as a kind of mental disorder, which it is.Holocaust revisionists are routinely branded as "deniers." By that, the accusers imply revisionists simply refuse to accept some underlying reality about the evils of Nazism, etc. My view is that the victors, especially the Americans and the British, simply cannot deal with the horrors that they perpetrated during the war. So long as they were directing the bombing and strafing of German civilians from far away, the true horrors could be largely ignored--but once they came into a defeated and ruined Germany, those horrors could not be ignored. So, what to do?The cities turned into moonscapes by air attacks could not be blamed on the Germans--but the tens of thousands of dead in concentration camps at the end of the war could be blamed on the Germans. Who would dare to claim otherwise? The fact that those horrors were the direct results of the cowardly air war that America and Britain had waged was totally suppressed. Instead, the victors projected an intent on the Germans that had never in fact been there. If the Germans had ever wanted to simply exterminate those people there would have been no need for concentration camps in the first place. The Germans had in fact provided all the necessities of life--food, shelter, clean clothing, medical care, security, and more--as best they could under increasingly difficult circumstances.Eisenhower and his henchmen were unprepared for what they actually saw in Buchenwald, Bergen-Belsen, Dachau and elsewhere. The psychological processes of "denial" and "projection" took over and continue to this day. Revisionists should try to cure the dangerous mental disorder. And for the Jews, what had until then been a delightful horror show at the expense of the "evil" Germans in keeping with the vengeful dreams of "Inglorious Basterds" and countless other Jews turned out to be not so delightful at all. So, what to do? "Deny, deny, deny" --and blame the Germans!"Friedrich Paul Berg

Often I wonder about bad talks about the Jewish folks! Many comments here reflect that! Why? Jews are good people. It is the bad child, zionist, who have some devilish outlays. Just look around and you would find troubles in particular in Middle East. Palestinians are victims and so are Germans, Austrians and other European Nations. Prophet Moses had to repeat his guidance and commands time and again. Here the media, well controlled by these folks, nicely describe such stories hiding the truth. Born to create evil and trouble across the Globe!

Any post about the holocaust/jews guarantees a lot of muslim rats are here as well as na zi bast  ards

Talk to me muslim rats

The Leuchter Report ~fullyoutube

On the other hand they supported the nnazi allied Croats, Bosnian Muslims &amp; Albanian Muslims &amp; Catholics who had 2 #$%$ divisions in WWII and ran concentration camps in the Balkans that murdered over 750,000 serbs, 40 gews, and 40,000 Roma, in the 90's and till now against their fellow death camp inmate the Serbs

Obama hates jews but the jews vote for him anyway

im confused, why does every jew act like they all of them reguardless of age were in the camps..there would be more of you if you would have figured out that when they said you are not welcome here leave, we will kill you if you dont leave, you would have left. there are places in the states i wont go because im white. reguardless what the law says im not dying to go anywhere

Have not read any posts yet but I'm sure many #$%$ are here as well as muslim ratsthey;re just like muslims..cancer. in some places and like muslims they divide and segregate that if it wasn't under the guise of religion is just 'racism'....both these two middle eastern based peoples are a significant reason why we move forward in bitterness rather than in progress and peace......greeks should stand up to them as they do muslims....

I simply pray that this attrocity will never recur again.  But I doubt it as there are still notoriously evil people in this world searching for some kind of "purity" that can only be found in a (pipe) dream.  May the likes of Hitler, Pol Pot and others be scrubbed from the earth and forgottten.

Boo hoo Jew.  Nobody cares about your made up hoaxacost.  I wish I was around so I could slamk shut a couple boxcar doors or hit on the "On" button in the showers that you go in but you dont come out...lmfao   Im surprised the Jews arent looking for reperations from Germany, its all about $$$ with the slimly Jew.

Another day and another news report of the leech jew.  They just can't go a day without some problems they have we a host country.  There was a holahoax which jews have incorporated into a business.  Oh!  I did have a family member die in Auschwitz (he fell out of the guard tower).

look some people dont like jews some dont like muslims some people dont like dog sh#t on their lawn some people dont like carrots some people dont like a cold day and on and on hell just get over it

hail to The Golden Dawn.  I look forward to the day they take power. It will be sooner then later.  May the commies and jews cry, but it will happen.

WW2 was all about cons vs. libs and the libs ruining everything the cons try to do to make the world better, as usual...

Lots of holocaust deniers, muslim rats and na  zi bast  ards here. They flock to anything about Jews

Nobody's denying anything. Neither are we denying the murder rape and enslavement of Mexican Mestizos and Mexican Indians, African Slaves, Chinese railroad workers, Native American Indians, Canadian Indians, etc etc. The Jews are not the only victims fo the European's thirst for blood.

Get Over it  !!I think paul's mother had herpes!!

Let's hope nothing close to that ever happens here...

This is something we are facing right now in the world.  And people believe the Jews are nasty!  Yo! God is the God of Abraham, not Mohammad! The Muslims want to wipe the Jews and the Americans (Christians and all) off the face of the earth!  But it is written that Jesus is here to wipe the enemy off the face of the earth!  And Jesus is coming before we even know it!

There were 10,000 "Ann Frank"s in Greece, hidden by Christians. The #$%$ would routinely inspect homes and burn them if there were Jews present. Still, many Jews were hidden. This fact is well documented. Many tried to escape to Turkey but were refused entry. Those few who managed to enter Turkey were not allowed to proceed to Israel.

Iknow they were deported to Israel and the USA. FACT. No proof of gas chambers. NONE. All Jewish lies. That is all Jews do is lie! They are no good!

To those who would use this story as a platform to spew your hatred towards Jews, the Bible was on to you a long time ago:"And Esau hated Jacob . . ."- Genesis 27:41

//"When we arrived, they sent a number straight to the crematoriums"//A claim told but no proof.

The number one reason why the Holocau$t is a hoax is because of the fact that Germans are known for efficiency. If the Germans had really sought to exterminate the Jews, they would have devised far better methods. There would not have been hundreds of thousands of Jews left in Europe. German engineering baby.

If you take the time to post your hatred about jews, it only means you're jealous of jews.

Some Christian friend of mine pressured to me to read the Bible. I told him, " No thanks, if I wanted to read fiction I'd read about the Holocau$t."Talk to me nazi bast  ards

How are Noah's Ark and the Holocau$t similar?They're both myths regarding a fictional genocide which never happened.

What about the story where this same jews crucified Jesus Christ??/ Easy to forget that if you serve the jews and their father Lucifer???

I am Jewish and proud GOD chose me over everyone else.