How do you expect the citizens to take back their neighborhoods when the only ones allowed to have guns are the criminals?

Wouldn't it be nice if all gang members could be put on an island and left to fight it out to the last man that way no innocent people will be hurt for no reason

You need to ban gangs and you won't have a gun problem.

The elephant in the room? Her father was a gang member.

The only ones that can make a change are the blacks and they won't do it.  They are all about revenge and that won't change a thing.

Become CONSERVATIVE, Rebuild your families, Buy LEGAL guns, Kill the gang LEADERS! Do this and let your children play in a safe community!

The father is still not telling all he knows about this?  Really?  What's it going to take to get this guys attention?

Unfortunately change will never happen  This talk happens all the time but that is the end of it.  People won't turn these murders in because of a code or fear.  Who knows?  The issue is one of parenting and lifestyle.  There are many good people in these gangbanger neighborhoods, but it only takes a few bad characters to get the show rolling.  Welfare and food stamps and all the other trappings come at a steep price.  But these people keep voting liberal Democrat and value the free stuff more than life itself..

This will happen again and again, until the citizens themselves are armed.  As Hitler said:  "The first way to defeat a Nation is to disarm their citizens!"  Until the "citizens of Chicago" have had enough of the gangs that control their neighborhoods, the killings will continue because the politicians and the police cannot do anything but continue to disarm their constituency and allow them to be murdered by those who do not follow any laws but their own!

There is a code of silence but that is coupled with fear of reprisal if you talk.  If you are a law abiding citizen, you can not protect yourself outside your home.  So you are helpless against thugs and police can not help you.  People should have the right to carry a firearm they you aren't a felon.A tragedy, you bet. Typical for this community, you bet.  Do they care, no; it will happen again tomorrow because they look the other way.  Different culture, different values.

Cities will never be safe while gangs are allowed to operate.Pass all the laws you want, but nothing will change until the gangs are gone.

How can you properly raise a family in a gang..i can't see it

Open season on gang members would be a good start.

Arm yourselves.  Fight back.  You CANNOT free your neighborhood of thugs unless you fight back.  Quit being a victim.  Be a man.

Sorry for the loss of this young life, but in this case it has to start at home.  The father is a known criminal and gang member.  What do you expect to happen when someone comes looking for him.

a gang related shooting.  A guy with a gun that Obama and the liberals don't care about.  They only want to prevent you from defending yourself.

and I thought Chicago was a gun free city

By the time Obama gets threw screwing us up on a national scale this will be very common in all big cities.

Where's Jessie &amp; Al?It appears the gun ban isn't working in Chicago.  I read awhile ago there are 100,000+ gang members in Chicago and only 700 police officers.  Socialists liberals ban gun ownership and this is what you get. Criminals still have guns so this concept doesn't appear to work very well.

Where are jesse and al on this one... Black on black murder. Never mind. Silly me.

Gangbangers tend to find god during times of funerals but forget about god the rest of their lives or the lives they take...sorry #$%$ people.

I wish my city, Chicago, would worry as much about criminals, thugs, and gang-bangers as it does about gun-control for law abiding citizens.

Finally, maybe they are starting to realize, unless you control the human element of violence, you will never have violence under control.  It is the human element that is out of control, not inanimate objects which have no action unless human intervention is provided.

Some of the strictest gun control laws in the country, the place is a slaughterhouse, and they want stricter gun control laws.  No wonder democrats can't run anything successfully.  The law abiding citizens of Chicago can't protect themselves from the armed thugs, and the politicians want to keep it that way.  Why?  Magic words on enchanted paper won't make criminals put down their guns.  Why write more magic words?

Chicago............what a cess pool!!!!!!

When society continues to protect the rights of criminals and forget about the victims of their unlawful crime we have lost the war. Simply put thugs are thugs. Time for some old west tatics to clean up the means streets in these infested gang areas.

The infants father was a "gang member"! Must I say it again? "Gang member". Do surviving family's really expect sympathy when the father was involved in such activity? Now they want to cry around the infants casket and bawl and carry on. Why weren't they concerned about getting the infants father out of the gang lifestyle before this happed? Now it's too late. The innocent baby and the father both are gone. Am I wrong, or aren't we as families suppose to try to influence family members, at any length, when we see them starting to get involved in undesirable activity? I think blacks just feel, "well, that's his, (or her) thing. If that's what they think is the right thing to do, it's okay. I'm not going to get involved." How intelligent is that?

Very sad.  Why don't the people in these neighborhoods do something to get rid of this vermin. Like teach their kids something of value and discipline them - know where they are at all times, get an education, etc.etc.etc - like Bill Cosby advised them years ago.it is entirely up to the black community to stop the killing.  all the police in the world will not help,  unless the people do there part.  don't worry about being  a snitch, just do the right thing and put these thugs in jail...........

Code of silence? Idiots!  Whatever happened to making people accountable for their actions!  Keep your stupid code of silence!  It's just costing you the entire next generation!And there seems to be no age limit!

it is so sad. my prayers go out to the Watkins family and friends. this gang BS is way out of hand. innocent people are dying almost everyday in the streets for absolutely no reason but the gangs feel its just their world and we happen to just be living in it.we need to use stricter force to combat this. after all, it is a form of terrorism. and even thou yet it is very american to fight terrorism. we need to fight it here, in the streets of our city and in the country. it grows like a plague. we need to treat it as such. use combat tactics...something!!

Gangs are todays “Organized Crime” and they operate interstate. The only way to stop them is for the FBI to make gangs their top priority and go after these thugs with the help of the people.

Land of Obama.....Code of Silence.....Don't discuss the Past

Eradication of rats cures bubonic plague.

"... seize the "power in the blood of the innocent."Seize it from whom?  These are just criminals killing criminals.  There are no "good guys" in Chicago.

Very sad, should not have happened. It is time we stopped wasting money and time on things like bans on large sodas, bans on display of smokes, bans on trans fat,bans on guns and go after ganges with them same energy and money.

why doesent rahm present a plan to decrease chicago violence...?  or is he just another pos obama crony who like the president knows how to campaign and pander....but very little in knowledge other than give tax dollars to cronies.... and blame others .

Where's Al and Jesse? Oops, I forgot...they would only be outraged if it was a white shooter.I just love the ignorance in this country.  Religious leaders in inner-city black neighborhoods?  Give me a break.  The religious leaders from Jesse on down in inner-city black neighborhoods have done nothing to improve conditions for decades.  These religious leaders have NOTHING that they can show that they have ever accomplished to improve community conditions, not to mention family life.  These GREAT RELIGIOUS LEADERS make money off their community and that's all they are concerned about.  It is so sad that EVERY MAJOR BLACK COMMUNITY LEADER IS ALSO A RELIGIOUS LEADER and they have not accomplished anything of worth for decades.

They have no culture nor values. Why should they change? Everything is almost given to them for free.Just wait till the warm weather arrives, the body bags will be flying off the shelves. Everywhere they go they ruin  things.

The odds are the "killer" was at that funeral. They always have to see what they have done. It will come out later that they were.

How's that gun ban working out for you, Chicago?

Gangs is as gangs does!

This baby's father is a gang member...did he really expect a different outcome?

What kind of father would sacrifice the life of his own child for a code of silence!I guess he wants revenge now.  But what more can you expect from people like this?

THERE WONT BE PEOPLE LEFT TO KILL,IF THIS KEEPS UP. SO  THERE IS LIGHT ON DEATHCAGO.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

If you had a gang member as a father, would you let him out with your child????????????

The death of an innocent baby is indeed a tragedy, but except for the convenient  rhetoric for the media, where is community outrage ? Where are the high profile, so called, "black leaders" that profess to be so dedicated to improving the lives of blacks, the Reverands Sharpton and Jackson ?If there had been a white person, or a police officer of any race, involved in this incident, they would be screaming and inciting unrest around the clock, but with no racial overtones for them to fan the flames with, it is just another ho hum black on black crime.Where are the protests and the anger?  Where are Sharpton, Jackson and the anarchist marchers? Nowhere. No police involved. Black on black killings don't stir emotions in the ghetto. God forbid we should institute Stop and Frisk. No. That would be racist profiling.

Wait till you get a load of the violence in Chicago when the weather starts getting warmer.  This generation of killers represents the legacy of the crack epidemic in the late 80's and early 90's.  Wail, pray and preach all you want, this is the soul-less face of evil incarnate.   LBJ started all of this with the War on Poverty in the 60's.  Senator Patrick Moynihan predicted much of what has happened in his book from the early 70's.  Progressive policies 'forced' the Black Man out of his natural role and place in the family.  The rest, as they say, is history.

Where's Jessie? Where's AL?

A community unable to make sense of the killing of a 6-month-old Chicago girlHer Father was a banger - what;s to make sense of

the bad killing the bad is a good thing on every level. carry/ hide  will insure that.

Only the AP would have enough nerve to take a photo of a child in a coffin to add drama to one of their stories.         ' SHAME ON THE ASSOCIATED PRES. ' Let the family be.May GOD watch over the little one ! ! !

Sorry ppl ! the less white this country becomes the worse its gonna' get !

"Change" of ANY kind will NEVER happen without TWO involved parents , a true community , EDUCATION, and a profound sense of RESPONSIBILITY ...PERSONAL  responsibility!  YOU are the AGENT for CHANGE!!

If we can send thousands of troops overseas and declare war on terrorism why can't we declare a war on street gangs? Isn't gang violence a type of terrorism? Oh yeah I forgot, there's no money to be made fighting crime. Silly me. *sarcasm*

Oh gee, her Dad's a gang member, I wonder if it's bothered him that his "bro's" killed his baby.They are just one step removed from eating their dead!

and the saddest part is. that in most cities and throughout the country. the authorities have records of known gang members. much like a terrorist watch list. and if these gang members were foreign terrorists they would be watching their every move. here in america, the authorities just turn their backs. because it doesn't effect the "country" directly as a whole... just the poor communities. but it spreads everywhere, just a matter of time. it is becoming a problem in the suburbs just as easily.  it cracks me up when a shooting happens in a more well to do community. everyone is up in arms, all points bulletin, we need to find this individual. but in the poor communities its just viewed as normal. a part of life??

Chicago has the strictest gun laws in America. Sadly, this shows how impotent such laws are. They suck up scarce resources and penalize law abiding citizens. But they don't stop crimes.

The father is the killer point blank.

dont they have a strict gun law there?  what happen to your own state A// HOLE OBAMA

What about trying to blame the murder on Indiana gun sales? Yuk...yuk..yuk

At least give Willie credit for not blaming it on Bush!

F'ing animals......

SIMPLE, JUST STOP KILLING, HOW F ING HARD IS THAT.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

THE DEATHS IN EGYPT and this DEATH YAHOO can show but no so call OHIO RAPE FIM ON YAHOO OR TV &gt; THis is sad but not new in the citys of AMERICA to show A BLACK CHILD DEATH is LOW CLASS AND TASTELESS to me but iam old 66 years old inner city black guy from la calif means nothing to you at all does it yahoo ?God bless them ALL!

America....this is your WAKE UP CALL, and it took the life of a baby to show how sad the liberal cause is. STOP the thugs behind the guns...STOP the thugs that are the gangs...Chicago...raise your children up in fear of the Lord, and have a child because you want a child...not because it is an "accident"! That baby is in the arms of the Lord...because her father was not fit to hold her.

How's that gun control stuff workin for ya Chicago? Where is Charles Bronson when you need him?

Chicago has the strictes gun laws in America, where is Sharpton and Jesse, this black on black crime is senseless, God bless that baby. Godfather Rahm this blood is on your hands and more gun laws are NOT the answer..........

" A community unable to make sense of the killing of a 6-month-old Chicago girl".............cut the #$%$! that's because the community is not making sense! dummies shooting anytime, anywhere, this is bound to happen!. see a dummy with a gun, kill him! problem solved!

I am shure the shuter got his gun  and passed the background check with no problem . and the father knows who shot him but will not tell so he can kill him later and it goes on and on.New gun laws is not going to fix it , this is how they want to live , as drug dealers and thugs. I have no problem with them killing each other but it is sad the a baby gets in the way. Probably would end up a gangbanger anyway, sad to say

"BASTORDS WITH GUNS".!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

"SUPERINTENDENT GARRY,SHOULD BE FIRED", WHAT A JOKE.!!!!!!!!

This story is heart breaking. Enough violence and anger let's show some love respect to one another.

The father of this dead daughter should be shot dead. He knows who did this.That little baby in that casket.  Two young ladies hugging and hurting.  I cannot look at that picture again.  My God, what kind of animals are we producing in society today?

1 down 3 million to go

I have to comment on this! I live in Chicago. I understand what's really happening to the communities. First - we do have a strict state gun law, but a strict state gun law won't do much good if gangs and thugs can cross state lines to purchase guns without checking their background (This how our city gets most of guns in and into the wrong hands). Second, arming yourself with a gun won't do much when thugs or gang members are not afraid to die. When a shoot out occurs, bullets fly everywhere from the gang member and from the "good" guy. Have you ever tried to shoot someone? I guarantee from a distance one of your bullets would miss hitting the criminal which could end up hurting someone else. Having a more guns on the streets will not help.What works? Well for starters, the CAPS program with better and stronger support from the police (Chicago Alternative Policing Strategy was a program that allowed people to work with police to watch and reduce crime in their community. Today people are scared to step up to tell and work with the police because they're afraid of gang retaliation. Before, police were tipped off before crimes could occur which resulted in arrests and the person would tipped the police identity was never known. In addition to better support from the police, people of the community should also step up in their CAPS programs and help revive it (attend and take action).Second, would be nice to have all state to do a background check. This would not solve all gun crimes, but it would help reduce them.Third, we need to strengthen the communities with job related program or job growth. The more poverty occurs, the more crime will happen. That's simple math. I know it's easier said then done, but people of the community should not give up because they can't get a job. This is where education comes in to play. I'm not talking about college education (which other may suggest), but education of entrepreneurship, finances, social health, supporting positive causes. That's the education needed for most when college and a job are not currently not possible (maybe in the future). I recently talked to a young man who was in a gang about the things about, immediately his eye began to open to new possibilities. Do you know, he left the gang to pursue a clothing business and doing well. We need to help our youth through mentoring. It starts with one conversation.

Wow

Harold you need to quit it

Simply heartbreaking!

IT SOUNDS LIKE THE COPS IN DEATHCAGO DONT DO #$%$. WHAT A PITTY.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The Man, why is it an Obama problem? This #$%$ has been going on for decades. The ONLY reason you people feel thteatnrd is because of the New Haven incident. Chicago and other major cities have had this problem under the white presudents , but now you choose to #$%$?  Get over it and call it a problem that is related to inhuman judgement that has no race or ethnicity. This problem spans across the board.

They should simply just ban all guns.Huh?  .....never mind.

I want to ask Allah to open the gates for one of his babies. We are living in a heartless world. That baby will be loved by all. I have a babygirl on the way. And I will put forth everything in me to protect her. And I ask Allah to watch over her when we are. Apart. So my prayers goes out to the family and friends who enjoyed her while she was here. We are going to miss and love you lil mama. Peace