i don't know any kurdish people, but if you people are reading this, i will say i have not been getting a good impression.  they always seem to be fighting and shooting?   i'm sure they have a cause, but again the impression i get is not favorable.

Well Barbara, the Kurds live in Turkey, Syria, Iraq, and Iran.  After the 1st WW, they were not granted a homeland.  They have their own religion which is like one of the over 200 Christian religions.  I have always thought it was a mistake for the British not to give them a homeland.  If you read the article, the Turks have until recently forbid the Kurds in Turkey to teach their own language and practice their cultural rights.  This is what the USA did to our Native Indians and the British did to the Irish.  So what did the USA do to the Kurds in Turkey, we branded them as TERRORIST.  Ever wonder what is wrong with this country.

he's a terorist not rebel

Let's see if he really means a ceasefire. It's hard to trust a terrorist at his word.

Guess after they removed the first 2 fingernails he changed his views. Turkey is infamous in their own way. Their history proves this.

I do have soma kurdish friends now, I find them to be very trust worthy,and nice people;          They are nothing like,As Turkey Portray them to be.

turkey is certainly no angel in all this really shows how bad the Middle East is when theyre one of the better muslim hells a state which perpetrated one of the largest mass murders in history the armenian genocide.

nobody commenting on this seems to know anything about the situation

The big picture is that they are all MUSLIMS.

" Once a terrorist, always a terrorist." They are all blood-thirsty.

Move him to northern Iraq Aka KurdistanObama,can.we.have.another.war.please.I.miss.seeing.people.get.their.heads.blown.off

Now the Turks and Kurds will get together and try to get rid of the Armenians, Assyrians, Greeks, Sufis...

Question is, what was holding him back all these years? Not enough killing?

A-well-a, kurd, kurd, kurd, well, the kurd, is the turrd,A-well-a, kurd, kurd, k-kurd's the turrd,A-well-a, don't you know about the kurd,Well, everybody knows that the kurd is the turrd,A-well-a, kurd, kurd,, k-kurd's the turrd

its better we call it terrorist leader since pkk is accepted as a terrorist organization in most countries around the globe. I cant understand why we support this d*o*u*c*h where we have hezbollah and al qaeda trouble on us.

Independent Kurdistan is a matter of time. Meanwhile, never trust Turkish gov't.

im tired of seeing this type of imaged men on my screen. he looks like a monkey.

The US calls the Kurdish rebels terrorists and the Syrian rebels friends.  One of those things is about to change and here's why.  US and European oil companies are not getting along with the Shia government in Iraq because they want more for their oil.  The oil companies have been shifting their investments to the north where the Kurds live.  The Kurds need to move most of their oil through Turkey.  See where this is going?  Now they are going to make nice :)