As they say, as long as it is a healthy baby it doesn't matter what sex they are.

Best wishes for a healthy mother and child.  Although they will not rule here, its nice to see smiles instead of sour grimaces from the royals.

My guess is, one of them will get their wish.

May the Good Lord Bless you both with a Healthy Child.

Who cares if it's a boy or a girl? I'm hoping it's healthy...

Don't you just love this couple!!

How nice to see a woman who can dress to grace her figure during prenancy, instead of looking like she is wearing a garment 6 sizes too small and her bustline can not be contained.  Thank you Kate, for reminding us what "good taste" in clothing is.

I'd like to see the first child be a girl......with Diana in the name......then she would one day be Queen.....and Camilla could eat sh_t.  Yes, I know there is a lot of people out there that don't have the same thoughts but at least....... I said what a lot of people are probably thinking and hoping for.

They'll be happy with a healthy baby---boy or girl!

can't imagine having everyone watching you and your damn heel gets stuck, she handled it as well as can be though. as expected. as for the boy thing, of course she's gonna say that. you always try to make gramma the queen happy. smart girl. ;o)Can you imagine why any one would thumbs down at so many of these posts.  This a a great couple, and Lady Di would have been so pleased and proud.

This pregnancy is so much more interesting than Kim Kraptrashian's.

I hope she has a girl, and it looks like her,  she is so pretty, and yes, a class act she is!

Wishing them a healthy baby...Boy or girl.They are such a great couple and worthy of the Titles they have.

Will then, I guess they can't lose.

She is such a gracious lady.  Diana would be proud to call her daughter-in-law.

I'm happy for them. William and Kate are down to earth as they can be in terms of whats expected of them. They both went to UNI and know what it is like outside of the royal circle. This is a breath of fresh air into the royal household and Kate is a class act. Lived in the UK for several years and consider it a second home to my native US.

Probably to counter her letting slip that she was having a girl.

They will be great parents...

you go girlif it is a girl i wonder if they would give her the name diana.  prob not it might be taken as a slap in the face to charles

Well it's about time you started addressing her as Duchess Kate for a change instead of Kate Middleton!

she probably has all that pressure from the royal family.

Well, I hope it's a girl.

I would bet that if it's a girl, they'll name her Diana and, as the first-born of William and Kate, it would be she who someday rules the UK. William's mother, Diana, was denied that possibility when she and Charles divorced. Wouldn't that be poetic justice?

She seems like such a sweet person.

The most important thing is a healthy baby.  Sex of a child does not matter.

I thought I heard that the Duchess slipped and said she was having a daughter?

It's a girl then.

I'd rather read about Prince William and Duchess Catherine any day than tedious, nasty, immoral, adulteress Kimbo Kardashian and her krazy klan. THANK YOU, Associated Press, for not referring to her by her maiden name Kate MIDDLETON, like the sleazy tabloids do.I am psychic -  I bet it will be a boy and a girl - TWINS.

"the revelation"Wow... just wow.

I say it's a girl.  Anyone want to start a friendly wager?  Is this on the board in Vegas yet?

Well, she should just pray for a healthy baby.

What a classy couple love them. Just wish Diana was alive to enjoy this as well

I agree they both are class act, I just love the contrast of how he dotes so lovingly on her, from how  Prince Charles treat  Princess Diana.

William and Kate show the true meaning of "royalty", they are truly a classy couple.  Love them both!

I think a girl would be nice, because by the time she became queen, people will have probably just lived through two kings as head of state in a row and if its a boy it will probably end up making it three kings as head of state in a row and their won't be many, if any people around by then who will remember or who ever lived under the reign of a queen.  But at least the wife of a king gets to be known as a queen, even if she is not the head of state, whereas a queen's husband just continues to be a prince, the queen's husband and royal consort.

I'm sure they will be happy with whatever she has! They are such a lovely couple.

I hope it comes out BlackI love her, I love her, I love her. That's all I can think every time I see pictures of her dressed of beautifully and flawlessly. She is so lovely.

She's such an elegant lady. It will be a joyous occasion when she gives birth no matter the sex is.  She's always smiling and ladylike.

Queens are better, they don't mess around

Just had to get that heel closeup ...

She will provide some much-needed diversity to the Royal gene pool.

Duchess: Hoping for baby boy, William wants girlAnyone else wanna get in on the POOL?

The education and "class" of the posters here tells me that Mommy is making them dinner right now, they have class in the morning, and they're sitting in their pajamas posting immature comments like they do on Facebook.Geez, I hope you people grow up sometime and learn some MANNERS.

She truly is the epitome of style, I absolutely adore her!-Lisa

Love how she bent down to free her shoe.

She is lovely!Better give him what he wants, British royalty has a way of dealing with people who don't produce the right gender child.

How perfect. She wants a Prince and he wants a Queen...priceless.

I thought she spilled the beans when she accepted a gift recently..........I mean not directly but to the point that it sounds like a girl..........BUT all that aside, my feeling has always been as long as a child is healthy who cares?

Take notes hollywood. You don't have to bare all to be beautiful. Just be modest. Self-respect is never old fashioned. It's actually disrespectful to force ppl to behold all that nakedness that should be reserved for your partner. If not for you do it for your children and mine.

I thought she slipped up last month and told someone she would give a gift to her "Dau"...now the don't know...hmmm

A great couple that will make great parents.

Just so long as it ain't mine.

Its 2013, they can have a Chaz Bono.

She's a beauty and the Prince is good looking, can't wait to see the baby.

William chose well. Kate is just a great person. outgoing personality, warm, friendly, and classy. And people called her a commoner. the nerve of them.I wish u well and my the faithful Lord  protect  u and  da baby!

Pure,natural ,true beauty.

I hope they have a girl--and name her Dianna.  Ether way,  I hope the baby is healthy, and they are happy.

WOW! Yahoo, actually called her by her official title and not Kate Middleton.

YUM!!! BTW, why the picture of her legs and shoes????

She's so lovely, classy, and modest. Love her :) and i wish them happiness and a healthy baby!

Isn't it funny how she's stolen the show..lol. The world's eyes are on her...and Prince William has been relegated to..."her husband" LOL   I wish them well.It's so nice to see a royal couple who seem so genuinely in love!

So whatever sex the baby is it will know that atleast one of its parents didn't want it -- nice....

I wish the hateful posters would go outside and play ball--get rid of some of that ugly energy.

Always so elegant and poised..Naturally and not phoney! She is the perfect wife for Wills! God bless them and their new baby.  May he/she be healthy and look like Mom!!! &lt;3Nice legs!

I just really think this young lady is the real deal!  She is so lovely, with a calm demeanor, a beautiful smile.  She'll be a dear mom, and I'm sure William will make his mom proud of the husband and dad he will be.  I wish them both the very best.  Boy or girl, loving and happy parents are the best gift you will ever give this dear baby.

I just hope that GOD bless's you with a healthy child,boy or girl.I believe you both will be excellent parents.

Breaking News:Buster is the proud father of 5 more kids – bringing the total to 35.Five little Boston Terrier/Pug kids were born today ORas they are lovingly referred to, *BUGS*.*Beautiful BUGS!

If it's a girl, "Diana" I think should be somewhere in their child's name. It would be a nice tribute to William and Harry's mother.

She's not even showing and kardashian is already huge!!

Good looks and bad teeth.  That's the British royal look that everybody has come to love and admire.  Personally, I just love and admire how so many royals just have bad teeth and just don't care, because it's human nature and so they just eschew all cosmetic dentistry.  Anybody with a crown on their head doesn't need crowns on their teeth.  I love kings and queens not being afraid to be human and just be themselves, and if a head-of-state king or queen had perfectly Hollywood bright-white straight perfect teeth in their smile, I'm not so sure I could accept them as being one of us.  So good health, good looks and bad teeth.  That's what I'm hoping for.

Talk about one lucky kid - will never have a problem in the world!

Well, I am just praying for a Happy and Healthy baby for these sweet kids, whatever the gender.  :)

She's really hopping its whiteShe looks very happy, and I'm sure the world is happy for both of them.

Kate got her high heels caught in a grate.  Put them away Kate.  No woman needs high heels when she is pregnant.  You could have fallen had William not been there.

I just love this couple. William is as down to earth as one could be when born into royalty.

Bless  'is royal hiney.

She is a class act. Too bad she will probably not receive the same attention that Kim Kardashian will. To get that kind of attention she would have to lower her standards to the gutter.

I love these two!  William seems so honorable I think in great part due to his wonderful mother Diana.  And I think she truly loves her handsome prince and will make a fine wife mother and queen someday.

They both look so happy. She's so lady-like looking and a perfect role  model for girls and young women. It's unfortunate that our country seems to put out druggies, alcholics and young women who hoochies. Good luck to them both!

So classy compared to Hollywood. In dress, morals, values, everything. Love it.

Diane must be smiling to know what ever the baby is, it has great parents, who seem to really care for each other unlike the situation she was placed.

Fabulous Lady! The brits are class acts.I wish for a change someone would wait for the birth to know what the sex of their child is.I didn't know with either of mine and the second was real hard not to find out, so curious if I would have a girl to follow a little boy I already had. It was exciting and I did have a little girl. That Kate is so admirable, Love her coat dress and her hat looks like what my mom used to wear. I love hats. Good luck to them both, let's have a healthy baby.

FINALLY they are calling the Duchess by her title!  Thank goodness for the update!

such strong opinions about people you don't even know

Too bad they aren't expecting twins - a boy for her and a girl for him.  How cute would that be???

I love this couple.  My only wish is that Diana was around to enjoy all of this!

They should only hope that the baby is healthy.

Can't they do the ultrasound and see if he's got the little cannolly or not?

She has so much grace and beauty. Dresses like an expectant mother should, not likethe LA trash (kardashians.) Kim could certainly use a few tips from Kate on how to not looklike a knocked up #$%$.

I hate when people say they want a boy or a girl, what if they get the opposite? they should be happy with anything

She is one beautiful lady and a pure class act all the way.I like these people, I don't know why, but I do.

She is so pretty and a real life class act,not like that ugly Mooooochelle we are stuck with.

Beautiful couple, wish them a healthy baby and a long lasting marriage.

Whatever she has, ITS got it made in this world.

they should hope that the baby is HEALTHY!

Wow.  Kate is a babe!

She's adorable.  He's wearing spurs...  no horse, but spurs.  Guess it's part of the outfit.  Kinda silly, tho.

Charming! I love these stories.

They are meaningless on the whole, but seem like nice people.  It is nice to see a future British monarch hoping for a girl.  I am a guy.  I was a jock all the way through college.  I went to school with Bill Parcells.  He has girls.  I have girls.  I couldn't be happier and know that he feels the same way.  They were easy to raise and always fun.  I vote with William.  Name her for your mother (which I am sure you will.)

why are the imbeciles still worshiping pararsites?Duchess: Hoping for baby boy, William wants girlI want a puppy!

Personally I think she is hot -- she has grown on me - plus she seems cool, never looks ruffled or stressed , of course when your royalty , probably fairly stress free,.....

Kate and William should just be happy if the baby has all 10 digits on it's hands and is healthy...so many families wish that, and unfortunately, it didn't happen for them!

The oddsmakers will probably see this as further evidence it will be a girl.  Personally I am just hoping for a healthy baby and a happy healthy birth for Kate. She and William are a very classy couple and it is great to see them smiling and happy.

Just wish They would not Compare  The Duchess who has Class !To Kardashian!! I Had to laugh When Miss #$%$ Said oh the Royals  they can have all the Publicity HAHA i just want to be left alone !! Yet she is out in Tight Clothes in Nightclubs !And on every tv Show that  will have her !! How can this woman even put her self in the same Class as The Duchess My Oh My

The media last week said that she is having a girl..name and all..what gives?  The media making all this up?

I really like this couple. Kate is simply adorable. I wish them decades of happiness.

We moms know there's a difference between girl moms and boy moms. I see Kate as more of a boy mom but if she has a girl, I just hope she doesn't do like Victoria Beckham and dress her daughter in $3000 boots.

Class, beauty, intelligence, poise.'Chelle could take some lessons from Kate.

im sure they know the sexShe really is a Class Act. I do believe that Princess Dianna would have, without a doubt, absolutely adored Kate. I can't imagine, the horror the Royals of the past would've felt at the thought of her actually SPEAKING to an average person! Lol, glad to see them enjoying life.

If they have a girl, I hope they name her Diana.

Geez!!! Do they plan on having only one child?  If you are not happy with the sex of the child, try, try again.  It's fun!

i cant believe im 14 and exited to know what the royal baby is! is that weird? lol  wish u the best mrs Kate! :)

I REALLY hope it's a 'tard. That way it will bring the issue to light and we can REALLY have a discussion about how to perform abortions before it's born...

"Kate suffered a minor mishap when one of her high heels became briefly stuck in a drainage grille. The duchess leaned on her husband as she wrenched it loose."Gee, I thought the called out the Knights of the Round Table to fix that.What constitutes NEWS today is a joke.

they are both stunning I hope life fares well for them

Given everything of actual import taking place in today's world, who cares about this rubbish?

William is a lucky man.Think he would be a great king and Kate a true queen.Both a peoples roalty.think it will be a boy,sorry William.

Such hard liveswhat do the gays want ????  haft way

she is already getting that fuller matronly face...how sweet.

I love this couple!! I love the way Prince William is helping her as she reaches down to pick something up. I love seeing smiles instead of frowns and grimaces!! God Bless!! Hope they have a healthy baby!!

Duchess: Hoping for baby boy, William wants girlAnd i want peace until the pregnancy is over!!!

You get what God gives you!  Best wishes to both of them as parents!

They know. They are just trying to cover their tracks from when she almost spilled the beans a few weeks ago.

Didn't they say she gave away the sex by almost saying "daughter" a few weeks ago? So this is her way of backtracking I guess. Funny how we parents say what we hope the gender will or won't be... bottom-line is that wishful thinking is totally irrelevant because as soon as you conceive, the gender is already locked in a la XX or XY. In rare cases do we have nature playing tricks by producing hermaphrodites, but again that is extremely rare. Also technology has removed the guessing game, as you can find out the gender of your baby unless of course you decline to know the sex.

Beautiful shoes.  I hope she had them scotch guarded because they look like suede.  Seriously, I wish them a healthy baby.  They are such a charming couple.

The British could teach us something about class.

I like her, she is very classy.Beautiful, as always.

You made a story about this lady getting her heel stuck in a grate? Really?

Well..one of them will get their wish..but both actually will get their wish..a healthy, wealthy, royal baby!

I'm not a fan of the monarchy, but I have to admit Kate seems like a nice gal.

So happy that Yahoo listened to all the comments and started calling her by her correct title. Best wishes for a healthy baby.

You think he wants to name her "Diana" after his mother.  Sure would be ironic for her to become Queen don't you think?

NICE leg shot. What a beautiful woman.

now there's a classy woman

As if she didn't know.

And they're fighting over scrabble, this marriage is doomed.it has nothing to do with him, any woman in the world would trade places with her, women don't marry the man they marry the social status.

They probably know but prefer to keep the public guessing.

I hope people realize that no matter what sex the baby is, Will and Kate will love the child unconditionally. But hoping for one sex over another does not make them bad people, almost every expecting couple goes through that, "I hope it's a boy" or "I hope it's a girl" phase. Will and Kate have shown that they are kind and loving people, so you know they will be happy regardless of what ever the child is and will shower it with love. I wish nothing but the best for them!

My gosh every time the do nothing royal couple passes gas it's newsworthy.

I was never 'into' reading or hearing about royal couples, any of them...until she married Prince William. They seem so young and fun, and now they're having a baby....I just never tire of hearing about them and what they are doing!  Best of luck!

I'd rather read about these two any day than any ni99er loving Kardashian trash.

Kate is such a sweetheart.  I hope their baby is born healthy and happy~

Why do pregnant women wear high heels?It is not a good idea.  But she is a class act.  There will be fun times in England when the baby is born.

So immensely thrilled, to see this up and coming couple for England's future. With them, the future is much brighter and with it the future of the monarchy as well.

More of a dark teal than green, especially when you compare it to the color on the hats, but that's probably not important lol.I hope they have a healthy baby. I know he'll be a happy one too. William will be a better dad and wife than his father.This royal couple seems to have it all together.  I think they are the most fit to be the next King and Queen

It's doesn't matter boy or girl just as long as they don't name their first daughter Camila

I hope she's eating enough for the baby; she still looks very thin.

Prince William did perfect on picking Princess Kate for his wife. These two will restore what his father ruined, the people crazy to see their royals. Oh, and Price Harry is cute too.

Has anyone asked the royal milk man what he wants.

I think she knows she is  having a girl and is just trying to dispell her slip of the tongue from last week.  I don't know why anyone would want to know, the surpirse is the very best part!

I would perfer to read more on this couple then all the reporting on the Kardashians who no one seems to care about.

She's one pretty lady that dutchess !!!!!!

and I am the Duke of Earl

You just hope duches  that your baby will be healthy and not Creten !shes an awesome lady   and i mean lady!

They are the best thing that the Brits ever produced.....whatever sex the baby is, it's bound to be handsome, or beautiful, because look at it's parents!!

Too funny.  Those darn grilles in the sidewalk.  So much for that pair of shoes!

Prince William honored his late mom with the engagement,stellar! As a couple their sensitivity is a joy to see.Classy. I wish this couple much love.:)

Lets wait and see what the stork brings !

I wish them all the best I think they make a cute couple

because it's good to be the king

I think it's interesting that she is hoping for a boy and William wants a girl.  I wonder if her wanting a boy has anything to do with them being royals.  Most people tend to want the same gender as they are because they identify with that gender the best.  I'm not trying to be negative about her decision...I am just curious why.

Diana would just love her daughter-in-law wouldn't she!!!!!!! A real beauty.

Great couple.  I am a fan and wish them all the best life has to offer, including a healthy baby.Leave it to her to pin an Irish Wolfhound (beautiful dogs by the way).......classy lady

She's such a pretty gal

Oh jolly o!

Yes I hope it is healthy, with the world the way it is and war around the corner I hopeit will be a girl. And get to be as good looking as mommy. With out going to war.

They make a very cute couple and look so extremely happy together and well suited to one another.  I hope their lives together turn out better than most of the royal families marriages of late.

What's with the "she is such a class act".  I don't disagree....but know that of course she has to be a class act.....it is required!   How about a much more juicy conversation.....like how dull she dresses!

I wish the media would stop trying to guess the gender. Whether Will and Kate know or not, royal tradition will keep them from revealing until the baby is born. Until then, best wishes to the happy couple!

Maybe triplets - One of each. (huh?)

The Royal hotness in emerald...oh, too smokin' classy for me.

She is so pretty.They are lovely.  Williams mother would be so proud.

She looks very well. Hope her and baby are healthy all the way through.

love seing them both and she looks so happy and glowing these days.  heres to a healthy and happy baby...Happy St Patrick's Day!!!

they are the best, please continue to refer to thier titles properly

I hate when poeple say they want this or that. How about you just hope your child is born healthy?

Royal family story of the day.

how come she is so darn cute?!

Time to end this ridiculous monarchy in England.Get a life, and join the 21st century, you stupid Brits!

As I say who cares the gender of the baby. They are still precious.

I AM JUST HAPPY FOR THEM HAVING THERE FIRST CHILD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!She is so pretty.  But now she needs to stop wearing heels.  No one is that important to risk falling down for.

Well, that'll be nice for their kid to read one day. Prince Charles famously said, when Harry was born "Oh, no, it's a boy...and he's got red hair."before walking out of the delivery room. Most of us have a preference, but you keep that to yourself, especially if you're famous enough for it to be documented for your kid to read someday!

"Let's two big guys stand and watch a pregnant woman bend and try to get her heel out of the grate."

it's funny to see all the nice and lovely comments on a Kate Middleton article versus a Kim Kardashian article lol I love her and she will make a great mommy :)

American women and young girls should consider her as their role model instead of local celebs. Best wishes to this great couple and to their first baby boy or girl!

She is so beautiful. A real life Disney Princess. :)

After growing up with a father who looks like Charles, who can blame him for hoping for a girl?

They are a lovely couple.  She is a gracious lady.  Makes me want to be British with what we have in the US. I'll bet she was always proud to be British not just after getting a private plane for vacations.

Mama's boy and daddy's girl.  The minute they hold that baby I think they'll forget about what they said they'd prefer.

Hoping the baby is just happy and healthy for the both of them. :)She is adorable and he's quite a man, need more young couples like this, stay focus, matters what

she looks graceful and elegant even when she trips..beautiful lady

She's such a classy woman---Others should learn from her.

William got all he's going to get five months ago.

William wants a girl so she can be named Diana.  That'll kill Granny off for sure.   Ha ha ha

Even with her heel stuck in a drainage grate she looks classy and elegant! She gives woman of my generation a good name. Love her!

Boy or girl, doesn't matter to me. As long as it's healthy. Oh, and black. With the shape that The United States is in, I could use a good laugh.

love that couple

Either way I wish them a healthy baby. I made a wish for two girls and my wish came true. My two girls sit in the living room playing dolls, dressing up the cat and watching barbie movies. My brother and I caused some gray hairs to sprout early on my mom and dad. Thank You God for the beautiful babies.

It will be loved and celebrated, no matter what it is.So this is how a Curse spreads.

WHO CARES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Get a puppy

Aww, isn't that sweet? And if he were gay? Will she still love him? Will they try to 'cure' him?

We know it's going to be either a boy or girl.  How about healthy instead?

Great,another taker...

Don't care, really.

Princess Di would be SO proud.

LOL! A baby boy, and her work will be done.

Duchess: Hoping for baby boy, William wants girlWell the arguments continue.  First the scrabble game, and now the sex in the child.What's next?  Beyonce singing LIVE or Memorex?

You can tell that she actually enjoys meeting with the troops, wow that hasn't happened since Bush left office...She has got to be the most classy lady around !  It's good to see them out and about, she just took to all she has to do so naturally.  Love them &lt;3

What a delightful couple!

They're all a bunch of overgrown infants anyway.

I'm thinking she's just trying to throw everyone off after all this "It's a Girl!" stuff in the papers. Of course they only wish for a healthy baby no matter what the sex.

just pray it doesn't look like grandpa

Just look at that beautiful and gorgeous smile, she is beaming with joy! Forget that she is a royal; she is going to be a MOTHER, the most exceptional job in the world! This lady is this is my favorite pregnant girl to follow on the web!

THESE Royals I LIKE! A breath of fresh air!

Love them both cause they truly love each other. what a lucky baby!

Very nice people. One can appreciate them. They have place in society. But they don't seem to wear it on their lapels. Nice people who have a place in everyone's sentiments.No dumb-dumb comments to press, no dumb-dumb behaviors. No flirtatious Kartrashian mannerisms. No lewd clown outfit 'costumes' and parading around in them looking for a camera and attention.Very nice people. One can appreciate them. For their manner, and in them for what used to be abundantly common amongst so many of the everyday folk.

This is s third person account of what someone says he was told. I'm sure she said, we don't care as long as it's healthy and then went on to describe what each would prefer. Of course they left that out of the story.I like this couple a lot ,they are in love !! And it shows!

Well, whatever happens, they can both take solace in the fact that their baby will never have to work in its entire life and instead suckle at the breast of the British people, just like the rest of the royals.

what will they name the boy?  and if it's a girl..?

She has Far far more class than Michelle Obama!!!!! remember michelle in that silver #$%$ outfit!!

I just love this couple. They are one of few that dont make me sick. They geniually look happy and I am glad to see a woman like kate who knows how to act like a lady and keep her dignity as a pregnanat person. My guess is you arent going to see her showing everyone her belly. Or acting rididculous.

Kate is definitely a classy lady. I am so happy for her and can't wait for her to fill the palace with little royal babies!

Whatever happen to whether or not the baby is healthy or not??? Priorities, priorties! Then you can wonder about the sex of the baby!

WHEN a dad comes home from work, a little boy will smack him in the shin with a baseball bat AND forever challenge his authority with each passing year. But a little girl will greet him with a cupcake baked in her Easy Bake Oven. It's a no-brainer.NO BOYS !!

Whether boy or girl, i hope they are very happy.

I love it, she's not perfect and she shows that while keeping it extremely classy. you go girl!since the next two monarchs will likely be male, it would be nice to have a female in the wings. seems to me that the longest lived and most successful eras have had queens on the throne.

I wish them well

who gives a #$%$!...I mean really

Shes thinking one an done

Praying for a healthy baby and for William to be the next king of England just my opinion but i'm not one of Charles biggest fan, I remember when he was born and was call  Bonnie Prince Charles too bad he couldn't be the husband he should have been to DIana ,maybe she would be here to see her grand child..

Money does not buy class.  We have seen this in the USA with Ms. Kardashian.  Big difference.  Kate was born for this role.

Her smiles are so warm and genuine.  And infectious!

Catherine is beautiful. William's a lucky guy. This baby has no idea how different his/her life is going to be from every other person.

Congradulations : )For GOD so Love the world that HE GAVE HIS ONLY BEGOTTEN SON that whosoever Beliveth in HIM should not perish, but have EVERLASTING LIFE. JESUS IS Returning, shortly : )

Sending best wishes for a healthy Boy or Girl...Kate is so cheerful...beats the usual dour wife of Prince Charles.I am sure if they have a girl they will both be thrilled. As long as it is healthy you have to be blessed.

The Kartrashians aren't even on the same planet with this Lady of Grace and Fashion   such a lovely couple

Getting your heel caught in a drain or between bricks....I know your pain sister, it happens to me all the time. Lovely lady and I hope she has a healthy boy (because that's what she wants not because of some archaic reason and there is nothing wrong with that)!!!!!!!

Why, oh why must photographers and journalists dwell on simple, sometimes embarassing  human stumbles and falls?  Don't they have enough to do, wrecking reputations by reporting human peccadillos?

I hope it is a healthy girl and they name her Diana

How cute! I like Duchess Kate because of her style and practicality. These 2 qualities allow us normal civilians to be able to relate to her. But most of all, I get to see the love between her and William!

I'm hoping for a burger for dinner tonight, but my wife wants Chinese.

I hope theydon't settle on a name for the baby before they know if it is a boy or a girl.

As long as he/she is healthy they'll be happy!!

Royalty or not, we must remember that she is no better than any other woman on earth. Title does not make it so. All of should realize we are all in this world together. Good and bad are everywhere and we all share the same world. Congrats on her having a baby and I sincerly hope it is born healthy and happy!!!I love everything about this woman.  She is so classy and beautiful, and yet so down to earth.  She is so pretty - no matter what she wears - a #1 class act.

everything about her is royally delicious

If they told us it's a boy or a girl now it would put all the book makers out of businese

All these stories about her "baby bump" along with silly speculation, but why does none of these articles state a due date?

princes kate is so wonderful. I hope they have twins.  A boy and a girl.

Was the close up picture of her heel stuck nesessary? Who cares!!

Kate,I hate to limit your "options",but it boils down to a boy or girl.

My guess is it will probably be a boy or a girl...

Apparently, We AMERICANS, have nothing better to do other then to wonder about the sex of a royal baby, or perhaps what Snookie is doing today!! Absolutley pathetic.

Oh my goshwho the hell cares?it's just a stupid baby, who cares, people are too obsessed with babiestheyre not cute at alltheyre goofy looking! theyre goofy looking! they're tiny small little critters, their heads are so oversized in comparison to their body, theyre bald. eww. and they poop their pantsbabies are gross!!!!!She is just beautiful...and she is having a boy; I just know it!

They're what we had hoped his father and Princess Diana would have been.

She has such poise and grace.  Princess Diana would be proud of how she's handling this.  And I never get tired of hearing about these 2.  It seems like they are the real fairytale.

She even looks graceful wrenching her heel out of a metal grate.

What a lovely couple.  So glad the royal family did not interfere with William as they did with Charles when he got married.  Maybe if they hadn't Charles would have been able to marry the true love of his life in the first place. As everyone else has said as long as the baby is healthy nothing else matters.

well good luck to the both of them.

A hermaphrodite would suite them well!

Wasn't the whole thing about the Revolutionary War was so we didn't have a monarchy?

Where will the dimple be?

She is a beautiful woman but pregnancy becomes her beauty.  The baby will be a beatiful chlld whether boy or girl.She is a beautiful woman but pregnancy becomes her beauty.  The baby will be a beatiful chlld whether boy or girl.

Duchess: Hoping for baby boy, William wants girlGee I was hoping for the third choice?

she's a very classy lady i love reading about them two aswell instead hollywood

Dear Media - would you please get serious, there is no such thing as a duchess or king or queen or prince. Such titles were used by the inherited elite of the dark ages to oppress other people. Don't mean to wake you up out of your rip van winkle nap but there has been a revolution in the American colonies and we now have a new system based on freedom. democracy and the concept that all people are created equal.

I hope the baby looks just like 'prince' charles

I can see why. Arguing with the ugly Queen about circumcision because Queen Vicky, Vicotian era said the royal family was in the family of King David

I wonder what british breast milk tastes like...

cute as a button. one day she will be Queen.

Did I read that they changed the law of succession (or whatever it's called) in England?  If they had a girl, would she ascend to the throne? Why do I care?

Wonderful Couple. God Bless.thats a beauty! and so humble he could not have picked a better wife so happy for them!

So, why is a pregnant woman bending down to free her shoe when there are 3 guys standing around doing nothing?  Is British Chivalry really dead??

She wants boys! Why? She's not a boy, she needs girls to look beautiful like her.

I think she's too overrated!! -___- Ain't nobody will ever be as much of a sweetheart, loving, peaceful and caring princess as Diana was! AIN'T NOBODY!!

Wait why the hell is she hoping for a boy?!?! Cos a girl would be worthless?? The #$%$?

An heir and a spare.  That is her job.

@Vienna she had caught her heel in a drain.

For the sake of UK's liberal agenda, the princess should get an abortion.

Who does she suspect the father is?

The Hollywood trash could take a lesson from the Duchess of Cambridge regarding dress and appearance! Well done you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Isn't she just a class act...  Just wonderful..

When I was a little girl my mom woke me up and she turned on the TV really, really early in the morning to watch a real Prince marry Diana Spencer. My mom said that she would become a  real Princess!!! I was so  excited to watch the wedding. When William married Kate I relived those memories all over again. I live in a rural area in Oregon but have wished my whole life to become a real Princess even though I am now forty. :-( I look forward to any news of the happy couple that they are willing to divulge.

Best wishes for the mother and child. Excellent dress and excellent beautiful kate. Best wishes to kate.

Omg who the hell cares???Babies are ugly goofy looking things, theyre so overrated!!!!!

Thanks for the beautiful comment about the future King or Queen Mother ...I personally careless about the baby sex,i care so much about the mother &amp; baby health...Let think and care about what the future hold for the commonwealth organisation ..

she is looking nice

A report earlier this month in The Sun stated that Kate accidently blurted out that it was a girl.

I hope its black.................

She already said it was a girl. Nice try.

this is why pregnant women don't wear high heels, plus it saves backaches and makes the baby much more comfortable and naturally carried. trade in those heels for sensible heelless shoes! ballet slippers indoors, sturdy leather loafers or walking shoes. to heck with fashion when your baby's health is at stake! she looks very pretty and smart, as usual. now add some common sense to the mix, and voila, healthy heir!I hate it when people say, "I don't care if it's a boy or girl, as long as it's helathy." Healthy is NOT a gender. Isn't health assumed? Stop answering a question that wasn't asked.

This baby will be dressed like a baby and not like a harlot if a girl, won't that berefreshing. I hope it catches on over here!!!

She is soooooooooooooo precious!Just an absolutely lovely, charming, poised, sophisticated, CLASSY LADY!It's so nice to see a woman who knows how to be DAINTY ! ! ! !

If she's had any prenatal care, they know what gender the baby is.

Such beauty and class

Class Class Class !

Look for my misogynistic stories to appear in the British Press.  Yes, it's all tabloid.  Yes, that includes THE TIMES, too.

For some reason I find it especially sweet when the father wants a baby girl.

Her Royal Hotness, of course, knocking that emerald and black thing wayyy out of the park - even five months prego.  Can't deny talent.  Prince Billy's a lucky, lucky boy.

I find this fascination with the royalty puzzling in this day and age. They live a glamorous life fully funded by the british tax payer. they will earn my respect when they earn their money instead of living off the tax payer..My wife and I have the same due date.  We are having a girl.  Hey Honey.  Remember that night back in October.  Guess what?  Will and Kate were doing that same thing.

Maybe she will have triplets, and have one of each...How are the royal boobs Kate?

She needs to wear lower heals.

I hope it's healthy. I think its cute William wants a little princess and Kate wants a little prince. :)

I could have sworn that a couple of weeks ago Yahoo had an article that she was going to have a girl.....that it had been leaked in a conversation to a blabber-mouth friend.  Does anyone else remember this?

Mom always tell me, "Don't wear heels when you're pregnant"

every inch the Lady........so gracious.........wishes for a beautiful and healthy baby..........

Praying they have a healthy child that grows up to be a special blessing to the world.

She is so beautiful.

I would love to see more articles about her and NOT how Kim Kardashian is rocking her baby bump in a black lace dressA lovely lady with impeccable charm and grace. A benefit to the British Crown.It is cute to see her suffer from the same inconveniences that most ladies do in getting her heel stuck in the drainage grate.

Always good to see this couple. I wish for them a healthy baby.  I am wondering though should Kate still be wearing high heels at this stage.

I love that she wears panty hose. It just adds class to an dress/skirt.

This might cause issues if the kid grows up and reads this article lol

Thanks to them a poor lady lost her life recently, nobody seems to even care, what a messed up group of morons!!!!

She is one Beautiful Lady and she doesn't seem to be a stuck-up person,,,,,like the hollywood phonies,,,,,,,,,or Washington want-a-be's

You people are pathetic. Get lives.

as long as its healthy who cares

She is a very beautiful woman and i know the baby will be beautiful too.no matter a boy or girl it will be loved.

OK so I like a bit of tradition and pageantry...That is going to be one gorgeous and lucky baby!  William and Kate are both class acts, and I predict their offspring will be down-to-earth, lovely children.

she doesn't even look pregnant and only 4 more months till baby born or 5 whatever

She is a beautiful person, both inside and out!

Since Lady D,  no one has shown her level of classiness and humbleness.   The prince chose well.

Classy Lady....

We're so very happy for them. Such a lovely Couple!

Even though the Dutchess had a bad start with her pregnancy, it seems to agree with her now.I think she has always been pretty, but I think she is prettier now than she was before. Her face is fuller and she is radiant!

I hate when that happens!

And why do we care?

man, how can a lady look just PERFECT every time she is photographed?! She HAS to be the most beautiful woman in the world.............perfect face and body...........what a total fantasy princess !! ( or queen, &lt; obviously&gt;).The hope for healthy is the best hope.  God bless...

She is such a stunning woman and has such amazing taste in clothes. She looks fabulous as always! Nice to see.

William could not have picked a better mate. Now lets hope Harry can do the same. However, he won't until he can love someone more than himself.

They are so cute!

William you are a luky man. Good luck to the both of you,

Did... Did I just read a story about a woman's heel getting caught in a grate? Did I just see three pictures of it too? I... I don't know what this world has come to...

Best wishes for a healthy baby, boy or girl...Look at how gracefully the Duchess bends to unstick her shoe...but, I'm wondering..why couldn't any one of the "gentlemen" standing around her DO IT FOR her ? ? ?

I just wish William &amp; Kate the very best and all the happy joy that comes with having a baby.

How come she was never referred to as Princess Kate? By virtue of her marriage to Prince William, she is a princess. She's always referred to as Duchess of Cambridge, never called a princess.

She is fibbing - she almost slipped up a few weeks ago responding to a child who handed her a teddy bear.  She said "I'll keep it for our d....."  and then stopped short  - the child's mother questioned the Dutchess with "oh you know its a girl.  The Dutchess caught herself and said quickly "no we don't".  But they DO know...lolShe is the most beautiful woman in the world. Bless her soul

We Americans lost so much with our revolution with our freedom: it's called class. Hopefully we shall learn it back.

She is lovely! So classy and elegant.

She is radiant. What a classy lady.

EVERBODY hopes for a HETEROSEXUAL boy.

Ummm... why didn't any of the guards... or more importantly, her husband, bend over to free her heel from the drainage grill. Regardless of who HE is she is still a lady and deserves to be treated as one... plus she is expecting!!

I love her! What class and beauty. Wouldn't it have been nice if her husband helped her get her heel out of the drain gate?

She is probably one of the most beautiful women in the world!

does not matter if its a girl or a boy. You just love the bundle of joy and enjoy them and love them the best they can. Its a shame there grandmother Diana will not be here to enjoy her first grandchild. May god bless the royal family and the new baby to come soon.

I hope their baby is happy and healthy. I hope she has many more.Classy lady

Looking lovely as usual.She is very poised and graceful,I love how she can laugh off her misstep incident,the way she handled it shows how real she is.

I wish Hollywood would take after her.  I wish she was our First Lady!!!!

Who cares what the sex of the baby is.  As long as it's normal and healthy, who cares.

Love the not having tattoos, (at least not showing).

Boy---Girl. Its all good!!

it's a boy!!..:)

She has the most infectious smile. I think William could not have chosen better.Plus they were together before marriage and have all the "quirks" worked out. The best of everything to them and the little one, be it boy or girl.

of course everyone wants a healthy baby - that is a given,, why not have a little preference?  doesn't mean you are being picky.  I hope it's a girl !

When Kate Middleton visited the National Fishing Heritage Centre in Grimsby, England, yesterday, she may have blurted out the sex of her baby.When a bystander at the event handed Kate a white teddy bear, the Duchess reportedly said, "Thank you, I'll take that for my d—," and caught herself before ending the sentence.I love how the royal guard in the second to last picture is smiling even when they're not supposed to move a muscle. The Duchess looks stunning as usual and here's to hoping the baby is perfectly healthy, boy or girl

what a lady..

Princess Diane would have so very proud of William he made a GREAT choice , classy lady just like his Mother.

Dad wanted a girl, Mom wanted a guy, and so I am a morphadite!

Thought she blurted out the sex

I think the baby is going to be adorable regardless of the sex. I'm positive they will be happy no matter what the outcome.

This lady is just pure class.  Ol' Willie should be damm proud to have landed this one.

Yet another hard-hitting really really relevent propoganda piece by ASSociated Propogandists.

KIDS ,THERE IS NOTHING TO SEE HERE,LET'S MOVE ALONG.........

What does it matter, get the silver spoon ready off the backs of the English people who are over protective of their royalty who are there purely by birth.I wonder if the baby's a girl, they'll name her after the late princess Diana?

Put the wish on Santa's wish list. He might deliver. HO HO!

Wow, Wills is wearing spurs.... nice.

Now that is a classy lady......not like kk

I enjoy reading about them. She is classy.

She wants a King to be someday, He wants a Queen to be sometime. Well i may as well ask the boy to given the name Arthur while the girl Victoria...an advance congratulations to the Royal family.

i hope it is twins

Wow,  I normally do not read celebrities articles, but when I read she hopes she is having a boy...WTH? If I was her and her husband, I would be wanting a healthy baby regardless of the sex. Shhesshh.

Williams's lying. Every man wants a boy.

she is just so pretty just have a healthly child boy or girl God Bless You BothI'm an American, so it's hard to understand this infatuation with one family inheriting a throne over centuries of time. But I do wish them a happy life. i can not imagine living under such scrutiny. Whatever you do, it's being told around the world.

Code Pink and the Gay Activists will not like this.

dianA if it is a girl

No matter what it is, it will have a pampered life.

Kate my dear why not just hope for a healthy happy baby and embrace whatever it is, but dont worry god will bless you with either or.  have a fast and safe delivery

Ron--shall we say the ill-bred rats of Hollywood and all over this country?

Duchess Kate is truly a classy woman.  May her and her prince's child be born healthy, wise, happy, and live a long life.

Please don't say "Baby Bump"!!!!! It is degrading to call an unborn child a bump! Now speed bump, bruise bump, or bumping cars is o.k.

She looks gorgeous even with her shoe stuck in a grate.  Love this sweet couple!

I love her.  She is a beautiful classy woman.  I pray they have a happy healthy babyAnyone who can wear heels that high while being five months pregnant has earned my admiration. What a class act!

she is so classy and a beautiful person .

She IS far enough along to know the sex, I wonder why she hasn't found out, unless they are being dishonest or the baby has it's legs closed

Who REALLY cares ?

I love Kate because she is just so...normal. She's actually a real person.

The girl knows that only a boy would give her legitimacy but William, like his father, still wants to play around.

that scrawny flat chested ho looks like a boy already

What about the slip when she accepted the teddybear from a fan when she said "Thanks, I'll give it to my d......" and then corrected herself.  It's a girl.

Ok there pretty cute together.

I believe Kate is just as beautiful as Princess Diana~ However, I do believe this couple is much more in love than his father and mother.  Best wishes to this family and prayers for a healthy baby and momma.two famous people who behave themselves...god bless them

For a couple who has everything, they seem so real &amp; down to earth.  I enjoy reading about them, and wish them the best of luck with a healthy baby, no matter what sex.  The are adorable.

I'm waiting for the story on the Royal hemorrhoids.

OMG!!!! Why is this actual news???? Why should anybody care about this????

Why do people worship these so called ROYALTY. In 1776, we showed them what we thought of their "devine right" to rule us!

With amniocentesis pretty common procedure, I suspect the family knows ahead of time the gender of the fetus.  Also, those heels must give her a real bad backache.

Just a suggestion but do away with that 50#$%$. Women wearing hats for style is over.

Get a Boy/Girl mutant .

Good luck for Kate and let's hope the baby is healthy.

Do you think William knows he got a good one with her?  She is cute, someday she will be a fat old lady, but still cute if she keeps smiling.He wants a girl, she wants a boy, I bet one of them gets their wish.

It reminds me of the days when Jackie was in the White House.  I was only 9 years old when the Kennedy's were in the White House.  She was was a role model for every young girl and woman.  The Duchess emulates the same poise, class and elegance.  This is not something that is learned, it is something you are born with.  Diana had the same qualities.  No wonder William is smitten with her.

Take what you get and hope for a heathy one.  We adopted a child w/ known health problems who has his own family now and is ready to retire.I'm sure that this couple could afford a child not in the best of health.

Thank you Yahoo for not calling her Kate Middleton in the headline!

This is a great article. Giving out sprigs of shamrocks, catching heel, leaning smilingly on  husband while getting it loose, guard looking on smiling. They're so refreshing.

l'M SlCK 0F HEARlNG AB0UT THESE B0TT0M FEEDERS!!!

Kate is so refreshing.

Maybe they will both get what they want . When the child  is older, maybe it  will swing both ways.

They are the coolest, kindest, most down-to-earth royals, so whatever they have will be in good hands!

I'd like to get stuck in her drainage grille.Congrats Prince and Princess. You will make wonderful parents! I hope it's a girl and they name her Diana.

She is amazingly beautiful.  That is going to be one lucky baby!

She is a beautiful class act and someone to be very proud of!

Didn't think it was possible, but she is even more beautiful!  Wishing her continued health and happiness throughout her pregnancy and delivery.

you people always fawning over those royals, they are nothing but centuries old inbreeding hillbillys with a pretty accent, the media only shows us the good looking normal ones, most are born with webbed feet and extra thumbs

Kate makes a very elegant Princess, pregnant or not. I am of her father-in laws generation and love to know that the royals are well and happy. I hope Kate and William will be happy no matter what the baby is, as long as it is healthy.

so if she carries a bag, is it called a duche-bag ?

She's one of few people I can think of that can make her shoe getting stuck completely and utterly adorable.

ge with it, they dont give a shi# about the poor, only the rich.

Whatever happened to just wanting a healthy baby? And be beyond happy with what God blesses you with?of course shes hoping for a boy... its the tale as old as time. no boy? then comes the affairs and then divorce. but hopefully royalty has learned to evolve since the middle ages and realize that love is love.

Why does everybody just love Englands biggest welfare couple?

I never cared for royalty, but I really like those two. They're so cute!!!

Why didn't the lazy oaf of a prince wrench her shoe loose. There were others who could have held her up.!

Kate Middleton is just so pretty and classy!  I wish her all the best--the baby is bound to be precious-boy or girl***

this is a news story, why? did we fight a war in 1775 to get away from the british royalty?

Kate is always smiling and looking totally engaged in her visits.  A great addition to the Royal family.

Wish we had some "class couple" here in our Country. They are a joy to watch (and follow). I will bet they will be good parents, much better than the "so called Hollywood trash royalty" in this Country.

What a classy, well poised lady... a great example for little girls everywhere.

She seems like a really nice person ,...very classyThey are so lovely together, Diana woud of been so proud

beautiful and classy! and here is to hoping their child is healthy and grows up to be  wise!

Just another inbred into the family freak show

Save the Queen! Save the Queen !

She always has a smile and very pretty.  I'm glad her prince was there to catch her fall:)

Hey, to  you people who love to put these thumbs down on Kates pregnancy,    YOUR SO JEALOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   GET A LIFE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   &amp;   GROW UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

she is so pretty, i'm happy for her and William, i hope the baby is very healthy

She knows, and aint telling! Thats her right.

All that really matters is a healthy baby.  These two seem to be really happy and I hope they have a long and happy marriage.

Yes The  Duchess of Cambridge  is a class act, perhaps our so called 1st lady should takes some lessons. Na, she is to busy taking from the taxpayersI wonder about something over in the UK media do they drool over every little thing as the US media does? I mean this makes no sense why there's an article about this and I am having trouble understanding it lol

In other news today i'm making tacos with Swiss cheese...

that woman is homely,I cant believe that boy settled for that

Wasn't there an article yesterday on here saying they were having a girl and will name her Elizabeth Diana something??

People don't always get what they want - as long as the baby is healthy, what does it matter?

Let's see .. The US has Kim Kardashian .. and England has Kate.  That's not even a contest!

It's a healthy baby gir!!  Best wishes Kate and William.  I know your're mom is looking down!!!

I wish i was the one that made the baby with her

Almost as classy as Michelle Obama (LOL)

They at least look happy. What ever it is. Can always try again. lolWhat makes these people 'royal'?  What makes other people 'commoners'?  How great it must make people know they will never be anything in life, no matter what, because they were born 'commoners'.

Dear Kathy, from now onwards, stop wearing high-heeled shoes for the sake of your pregnancy. You are getting more and more beautiful. Take care.

If the princess,comes here,and read comments here,better it is that she knows,it is extremely important to pray GOD,for the future baby to be in communion before reaching this outer world of ours, anyway,the future baby is in my prayer,every each time,and may the whole humanity pray for the coming baby,and by the way,it is going to be a lovely boy,and it is GOD's will,may god bless.......

Boys are the best!

best wishes

Why is this relevant to the United States?

no negative never Charles will never be king, cause his moma is gonna out live him

pregnant and wearing high heels, lol, i'm really glad she didn't fall.

I'm sorry but was someone actually paid to write this article? I sincerely hope not. Are we expected to unflinchingly accept that Princess Kate just offhandedly divulged to some random soldier her and her husbands heart's private desires regarding the sex of their unborn child???  And the to casually move along to informing us that the Princesss's shoe got stuck in a spille? Thank you for the memo.  Poor showing AP.  I could have sworn America was still in a couple wars or something...

Prince William is so full of shyte!  You know he wants his boy and not a girl to sit on the throne after him.  He's just saying that so that she can say boy, and then they appear to want both for appearance sake.  No heir to the crown prince in the history of England has ever wanted a girl first and he ain't the exception.God Bless you and William........ Boy or Girl... hope your baby is happy and healthy.

it is so much sweeter to have a baby girl.

What a beautiful LADY, Best Wishes.....

Between the new Pope and the new royal couple, I almost want to move to Europe.   I wish for all the happiest of lives.  Kate Middleton is class personified.

i wish they have fraternal twins(boy&amp;girl)

My best wishes and many prayers for that happy &amp; healthy baby!!!  and yes  the  lady shows so much class at all times, even "leaning on her hubby to get unstick herself. So to say. I am so very happy for such a loving, normal couple...even though they happen to be royals. May god bless your growing family and i hope that you you keep those wonderful loving glances of pure bliss that are always seen passedeyween the two of you. Your friend ,dannyruth

it's a girl for sure !!!

Congr. to the family.  My she have a healthy baby. My prayeras are with you.

@C..... Kate looks like Val Kilmer in drag??LOL!!! Now that you mentioned it, yes she does...I would have never seen that!!!!You get SOUP!!!!!

What I don't get is why her husband didn't get her heel unstuck for her or one of the guards.What I don't get is why her husband didn't get her heel unstuck for her or one of the guards.

who cares

It's a boy? No. It's a girl? No. It's in between...

correct me if i'm wrong but just a few days ago she nearly let it slip she was having a girl...

William and Kate make such a beautiful couple. The way he looks at her and she at him. Her beauty, his handsomeness, aahhh to be a young prince and princess. Wishing them only happiness and joy in the many years that lie ahead with many healthy children. Their smiles light us all up as did Diana's. Take peace knowing Diana is watching over both her sons, kate and baby on the way.

So...  Hey, you know what's funny?  Google "chicks with Steve Buscemi eyes."

he didn't offer to help? what a jerk.

hey kate,  the new pope wants a boy too....

Nix the heels Kate while you're pregnant!  Your feet will thank you!

She reminds me so much of Diana, may she rest in peace.   So nice to see them so happy.  Wishing nothing but the best for her and William and their little unborn child.all this after it was supposedly revealed by someone else that she was having a daughter? oh but wait, the internet NEVER lies right?

She is absolutely a lovely breath of fresh air... whatever the child is it will be exceptionally loved and will have a pair of wonderful parents to restore some class and dignity to the monarchy. Queenie should send the two hobags to the farthest corner of the earth. They are an embarrassment to the throne. I think little Harry and Pippers should make a go of it and stop behaving like to uncouth idiots. God bless Wills and Kate.

I wish them well and best wishes.

Who gives a chit!

This is news we can use?!  A radical bailout proposal for Cyprus reignited worries about the eurozone debt crisis. China's stock markets are swirling and yet we hear less about such major events than we do about a pregnancy that affects us not at all.

the close up of her heel stuck in the drain a little over the top... and if anyone has ever seen the Tudors the royal's have come along way!!!!

thanks for that closeup on her shoe being stuck, it really verifies the factuality of the article

Guess all the tabloid stories that they know the baby is a girl and they have a name picked out are possibly not quite true. Shocking!!!

NO high heels, protect your baby please Princess. God bless you.

Notice for all USA people that when the Prince was at his wedding. He was dressed like CAPTAIN CRUNCH??Notice for all USA people that when the Prince was at his wedding. He was dressed like CAPTAIN CRUNCH??

As other posters have already said, I love reading about this royal couple and love what they stand for, class!

What God has put together, let no man put asunder. May they have a a blessed child and may their lives be happy together. I love this couple.!!!

its a girl LOLKate knows its a girl

I'm hoping she has a girl, that would be hot.

May she be blessed with her own choice!!! God bless the couple!!!!

Kate is beautiful and elegant, and whether it's a boy or a girl, let it be a healthy and happy baby.

why would you say " the former " she his wife ..so what r u saying?? is there trouble with them??? r they sliping ???? we what to know.. you all cant just say former !!!!! and it dont matter if the baby is a boy or girl he or she is golden !!!!!!!!

mmmmmmmmmmmmmm

KATE:  You're with your "hoping for a boy" comment you're coming across as STUPID.  You, the bloody, bleeding queen knows full well the sex if this baby.Too bad Diana didn't live to see this.  Such a beautiful daughter in law, and this baby will be beautiful.

I cannot wait to see their first royal child.....May God bless them!

Who's the father?

He my baby daddy!

And exactly, WHO CARES !!!!!!!!!!!!!

What a beautiful smile!

It doesn't matter what the sex of the baby is. As long as they produce the next heir for the throne.

God Save them All!

I hope they have a healthy baby. I know that Princes Diana is watching and she would have been the best grandmother ever!!!!

Even though one parent wants daughter the other a son; regardless of the child's gender they will be the center of the parents lives and be loved no matter whatKate needs IMPLANTS.......................I think I have bigger boobs.

my  the good lord bless you both  and a healthy baby it doesn:s matter you will love it  good luck

pero que fea duquesa

stupid old lady kate even with high heel you make mistakes! you are just funny! A real lady cant commit this mistake!

Mazel tove it should come in good time

what an incredible, wonderful balance kate and william have in their marriage. theythink a lot alike, and yet still remain very much their own person with differentideas. they will share their child with all of the english people, and be adoredfor it. long live william the 5th and his reign........

Im amazed that they decided to fill in this article with such  fluff...she got her foot stuck and leaned on her husband for support? They should have left it at baby talk. Hope its a boy!

Awww..don't say that. Kids take things like that hard..and it is in the media.

These buffoons with their silly hats look crazy.

She's probably hoping to have anything, as long as it looks "human" and doesn't have rotten teeth.Oh boy...Moe Larry Cheese!

Oh, hum another snotty nose rich brat.I wish some one one explain the difference between royal blood and regular blood. Is it red or blue

everybody just crazy to know the sex of the future prince or princess. Everybody should be just as important as these future princess or prince.  What do you think ?

I wish baby and mother good health, and sure she will get girl like prince kate

50% either way......

I agree heathy should become for health.

William should have loosened it for her.....

If she has a boy, lets hope he doesn't turn out to be as crazy as his grandfather.

Kate is expecting a girl...

it looks like st. patrick didn't like the color of her dress (not the real green color for st. patrick's day), her heels got stuck!!! .... by the way kate, you're not supposed to bend like that when you're pregnant... dangerous!  leave that stuck heel to your gentleman husband...Okay, she's five month pregnant. All these men standing around and she has already been hospitalized YET the good English gentlement don't ask her slip her foot out of the shoe and they get all doubled over in an awkward postion and pull it out of the grate for her?  They just stand around and hold her hand while she tries to bend down in heels, pregnant and wrestle her shoe out of a stuck grate.  Gads.   Then there is the one standing there in a full salute. I bet dollars to donuts the thought of getting her shoe unstuck for her didn't even occur to them.

I heard the baby is going to be a nappy headed black child."Long liv da king"

If its a girl,I hope they name her Diana...Miss you Di

why set yourself up for disappointment? be happy no matter the gender.

I am guessing that she is having a girl.

They are a very charming couple..I loved Diana, she would be so proud and happy if she could see her wonderful son and his bride, that wears her ring so well.....God Bless them both and their new baby.....if the baby is a girl, I hope they name her Diana...:)

I enjoy their happiness

how is she still now showing? I'm five months pregnant so I know at this stage she should be showing quite a bit!

Why didn't one of the Guards or her Husband, help her untangle the shoe,,she could have fallen,,she's pregnant for goodnes sake.

I hope the slip of tongue the other day was just that and that she has a girl!I hope the slip of tongue the other day was just that and that she has a girl!

They look lovely together! God bless!

She should be "hoping" for a healthy baby.

and the world hoping your criminal race be over

Baby healthy should = happy world They can have their little friendly war over names like all moms and dads do when they do find out the sex.

The royal family of England may look like they have class but they are international pirates, drug dealers and murderers at best. There was a real reason behind The American Revolution against them.Not just apart of the past. They still run the worlds banking systems including the Federal Reserve.

ahhh boy or girl or both smile????????/

rule #1...don't publicly say what gender you hope for.  If it's a daughter she'll obviously find out.

Damn , I wish that was my Baby Momma . . ..

Lovely elegant woman.  Even with her heel stuck in a drainage, she managed to make it look elegant.Will, you done well.  Your mum would be proud.  Keep calm and carry on.boy or girl....and evrything about Kate.... it is always NEWS WORTHY.. Thanks yahoo!

she need to start wearing low heels instead of those high heels not good when you are this far along in pregancy

I'll bet all those guys in the red jackets have seen Kate's boobs on the internet...

A couple of observations about the next-to-last picture of the heel being stuck.1. The way the shot is framed, it almost looks like she is _deeply_ curtsying to the Queen's Guardman. Not likely to see anything like that very often.2. The Guardman is smiling and looking forward. I was under the impression they were *always* eyes-forward and expressionless while on duty.

She gets more and more plain each time I see her.

Dang she's cute

L00K AT Y0U PE0PLE GUSHlNG 0\/ER THEM LlKE THEY'RE Y0UR BEST BUDDlES!! R0TFLMA0!!!

waiting for the royal baby.................:)

She is an asset to the Royal family.

God bless this coupleTwo words people.  Damage control

who cares?  the baby is doomed form the suicide of the nurse...

Then, when the baby is older and learns that it wasn't the sex the other parent wanted, it will cause a divide in the family.

its a drama queen family

Either way, I'm sure they'll both be smitten upon the arrival of their child. I hope the best for the mother as well as the father and for a healthy baby!

hope they have a boy-girl twin. Everybody will be happy.

Love the happiness and smiles all around... Just wish for healthy child boy or girl the child will we be loved by so many... I hope she is a nice as she appears to be... Never tire seeing positive articals about her/mostly.... She is a real credit to the Royal Family... Best wishes and my they have more children, as time goes by... Ann Chg

Princess Diana would have been so happy !

FINALLY!!!!!!! now I would admit that she looks classy, beautiful and amazing! The fact that she decided to get a hair do done with that hat, it makes her look awesome. All the other royals should try it at least once.

Lose the high heels. That is a VERY precarious pose you are in, think safety. Lose the high heels.Attention Kim Kardashian-See how Kate, The Duchess of Cambridge has acted and dressed during her pregnancy-that is called CLASS. Something you so clearly lack.

I hope it's girl, and they name her Dianna.  As for Toad Charles, hope to God if it's a boy it doen't have the elephant dumbo ears Charles has, nor his venom for a sweet girl like Dianna.

I love that she is very thrift. A value I adore.

I hope the paparazzi doesn't send this lovely couple the way of Charles and Diana. Kate is so beautiful, and reminds me so much of Diana in the way she handles her royal status. Best of luck to them and their unborn child. :)

What ever they have, hope its in good health and makes them proud.

Beautiful comments on both parts:  SHE wants a boy; HE wants a girl; each saying in their own way, "I love you very much" [and it might be so nice to have someone who is like you].  God's Speed to the Prince and Duchess.

Healthy that's what matters. Good luck!

I'm just hoping she has a healthy, self-absorbed, do-nothing, entitled prat.

Great couple

It sucks when that happens!  I'm amazed at her for wearing heels while pregnant!  All women who do that actually- brava!!  I couldn't as it annoyed my feet.  She looks way cute and whether it's a boy or girl, will be adorable and loved by the parents.ok the next time my heel gets stuck ill report it to everyone

she is hot

Why does William want a girl? That's kinda creepy.

It's refreshing to see some class during pregnancy. Lord knows we see far too much crass.

i heard she's having a daughter.

Yeah, high heels while pregnant=bad idea.

She pinned a SPRIG not a 'SPRING' on his collar - spell check, grammar check or proof reading, do so-called journalists do that anymore?? I get it is only the internet but cmon!!!

No need to comment as she deseves the nice comments given already and I'm probablyrepeating them.  She's a beautiful women and photos well and she greets and is acceptedwell. She makes comments enough it seems to  share some of her life which I'm sure thateven so she  prefers much privacy as she should as well. Baby healhy is all importantand which ever they will be bless to receive.

I really think she will have a healthy BOY!!!

no  other choicespfft, xD look at the guard in the red coat. You can see him trying to hide the smirk~

She already knows it's a boy, otherwise she never would have said this.  Think about it...if she gives birth to a baby girl after expressing wishes for a boy (which people will definitely remember) it will lend to the fact that she feels disappointed. And of course she wouldn't be...all mothers fall in love with their newborn be it a baby girl or boy.  Count on it...she had the confirmation already and it's a boy!

Aw, such a sweet couple. Remember the story not long ago about how she "accidentally"  hinted that she was having a girl? So funny that Yahoo is now reporting she is unsure of the gender. Doesn't matter anyway, we'll find out sooner or later and I wish them nothing but happiness.

Well it will probably be a Baby GIrl. most of the time whatever that you want, you get just the opposite. oh well, as long as the baby is healthy you're good.

hey wait a minute i thought the queens guard  dont  smile but one did  mmmmmmmmmm

Totally pampered...ya think?

Didn't she slip up last week and say it was a girl ?

Princess Diana would have been proud of kate!

Ya, I have to admit...I'd like to see a girl! :)

Okay, Kim K. Your turn...show us your classy act. BA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!She has never looked better...She is a gorgeous pregnant woman, royal or not!

50/50 chance.

OMG It's a LESBIAN!

She is hoping "it" is not a lizard....

It will be a girl!

Guess Yahoo is never going to quit calling the Dutchess "Kate Middleton"!  HOW TACKY  !

hi

It would have been a class act if one of the two guys would have unhooked her heel from the drain.

Google:The Crown Jewels: The Queen Is The Ultimate Insider Trader

You take what god gives you boy or girl,and will be so happy.I would do anything to have another child!

a million to one she has a boy .. of course she knows, she wouldn't be making stupid comments like that ... any takers ?

Kate shows so much maturity and poise.  My sentiments as well, Jane, she is a class act.

Big deal.....people have babies every day!

i would need to see  the moment of conception

sounds like a well rehearsed answer in case they are ever asked this question

I hope all is healthy, but she really doesn't look pregnant at all. She is supposed to be five months along and she isn't showing at all. I bet she will be cute when she is!

as long as its a baby human its all good

She is so very pretty, Love that coat she's wearing, probably cost me a yrs salary lol.

But on my 2nd note...do they HAVE TO KEEP REFERING TO HER as the FORMER KATE MIDDLETON. She is Princess Katherine...OR....the Duchess of Cambridge!I think all this going on about hoping its a boy, and "they don't know" the sex of the child...is all PR....trying to undo her slip up about it being a girl.Good Luck on their blessed event.

I preferred to have a boy first while my husand wanted a girl. (He comes from a family of mostly boys and vice versa) so was slightly disappointed when we found out we were having ason, but he got over it and loves our 14 month old dearly. What I am saying is no matter the sex of the child the parents will be happy anyways

Tired of this (b)itch.

She is a beautiful young lady with a wonderful, heart-warming smile.

Nice! Classy lady... Best Wishes for healthy baby!

Four in Benghazi were just wishing some help would so up in time.

Whatever she has... I hope it is OK...

I love these two beautiful young people... What a beautiful look of happiness on her face. Prince William looks in heaven!

Her name is Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge. Not 'pregnant Kate Middleton' as the American media likes to call her...

Kate is a beautiful, elegant and classy lady. Wish her the best for her, her baby and her family.Kate is a beautiful, elegant and classy lady. Wish her the best for her, her baby and her family.

Disgusted at the celebration of welfare. I'm sure every single republican would agree,right. Or is it okay because of her complexion?

After Diana was killed, I stopped caring about "The Royals."

I hate people using welfare as a prop!

Why not have both?

Perhaps she only wants one child and wants the child to be a male heir to the throne.  William wants a girl so they can keep making babies!

eat some food its ok to eat when you are doing it for 2

Makes me think of that wives tale, "daughter's steal their mother's beauty."I'm sure there's enough to go around in this case.

I love both of them. The important thing is a healthy baby. Not the sex of the child. Although I'm happy I had a girl!

William probably wants a girl because he was raised with a brother. If it is a girl, I hope they incorporate Diana into her name to pay tribute to his late mother.Such a pretty lady!

Kind of figured her slipping that it was a daughter was too obvious. I mean she is supposed to be this master secret keeper.. .. I always thought she was about to say DOG in reference to her beginning to say a D word when being handed a stuffed animal

Kate and Willi just two loving and well adapted couple to this World moment, I'm pretty certain the UK Crown must be proud of them.

SHe is having a Lovely Little Girl

Royal blood, my #$%$. There is none but god's

I feel sorry for her.  Dianna was the the best and this one is in her shoes and I hope she can survive better than Dianna did!!  We loved her!!

How about hoping for a healthy baby?

Thank you Leigh, Just as long as it is healthy and all of the parts are there.

There is more money involved when it is a boy!!

Wishful thinking.... what if ,"it," are twins. of opposite sex?Kate is so beautiful and william so handsome England would go down in history....and each parent would get their wish.....Kate, how can you say you don't know yet the sex of the child when you yourselflet it slip that you were having a GIRL and you already have the little girls name picked out.Elizabeth Diana Carole. I have to side with William. It has to be alittle GIRL. Their are enough boys so far in his family  already. Alittle GIRL , would really add something special to the Windsor family.

I hate when people say they prefer one sex over the other...I feel bad for the baby when the parents wishes dont come true..makes you feel the baby is somehow cheated...

love kate,she is a beautiful lady and i hope it,s a girl!

PLEASE stop running side by side stories of Princess Katherine and that money hungry do anything for a buck Kim K.  REALLY the only thing that does is point out how full of grace one is and the other is is "To Hot To Handle".  They are not comparable in any way, sense or form Kim IS NOT the USA version of Kate -- God Forbid!!!!

All of those men around and she had to get her own heel out of the grate...... Figures..

At least she is nice and appears to handle things in that family well.  I am glad for them both.  Too bad we don't have anyone in anyleadership position that has morals or grace or honor.

Of course she's hoping for a baby boy... It would REALLY stretch her out to have a full grown boy...

I have been there....with the high heel in the grate......lol....I am surprised you have not decided on a lower heel as your pregnancy progresses yet but that will come in good time as well.  I never knew the sex of all 4 of my children.  It is so exciting when the baby does arrive the surprise at the sex just adds to the merriment.  Best Wishes!

she will have a spawn of the devil,the whole family is as wacko as the Jacksons

I suppose it could be both, and then they'd both be happy.I truly Wish All The Best For Both Of Them. A Healthy Baby. Diana Is Watching Over Them.

Come on as if they don't know.!!

best wishes for them two and baby! does not matter if it is a boy or girl as long as it is heathy!!

Random English woman has baby. People swoon.

She is a beautiful woman.

Love her...just as classy as princess Di...

I spot a rarity: The palace guard is smiling. How refreshing.

Reguardless of the gender of their child, I am sure they will be overjoyed with happiness either way. :-)

They are not only royalty but are also excellent tole models.

She hopes for a boy, could be a girl and probably on the inside hopesit doesnt become a inorganic hollywood in vogue special.I hope it's a girl!

...Zzzzz...zzzzzzz...hgummpwhh...zzzzz...

God Bless

She really is a class act, and darn good looking too

Blast I thought my water broke!  I dont care what it is as long as harry and I can be happy.  Oh be haVE/.

Such a classy lady!!!  I like her so much!

Shes hot

Of course, she knows.

Hope it's a boy cause if it's a girl, in 10 yrs (or less) she'll find out mom really wanted a boy.

I think no matter what the baby is it will be a very happy little person. Here is hoping for a very happy healthy baby.Whichever they have, boy or girl, the queen must hope he/she has some level of intelligence higher than the level of retardation of her children.

Why, the normally cynical me when it comes to the royals, melts in a puddle of goo on the floor when I see those 2??? By the way, forget the heels, did you see those spurs???

Maybe they should want a healthy baby.

well i just want to know what she is having. But i would have o go with Kate's decision,I would rather her have a baby boy, sorry William!!!

This country fought a revolution to, among other things, to get rid of these parasites. Idolizing is anti-American.

What if the baby is transgender?

I heard rumors to the contrary

Out of curiosity, what exactly is the purpose of these queens, kings, prince, dutches etc? Aren't they useless in Britain?

I hope she has a girl

they get what they getshe is so beauitful.and dresses so nice.wish them the very best and a healthy baby

I hope this little girl doesn't ever see this and think her mother didn't want her. Lets just pray for a healthy baby.

haha

I hope she has a  boy, a sweet lively little prince like William was. I liked the way Diana dressed him.

No matter what the sex of this beautiful ,and precious is, everybody just pray the baby will be healthy, and,that will make mommy and daddy   very happy.any way  how could this baby lose with ,such a beautiful  mommy and great father /?

Expressing a desire for your baby to be a specific sex is a very poor and terribly immature idea. In time, they may understand that but, with the type of lives they lead.....who knows?

wait  a   minute!  i just read  here the  other  day that she  let it  slip the  baby is  a  girl along  with  its   name..So wHATS  the  REAL  scoop!!!

She is very good looking,

She is a Beautiful Girl, God Blessed Her and her Husband and People of King Dom!

she is a real pretty girlI love how there was a yahoo article, I think last week, that said she let it slip that she is having a girl. Someone gave her a teddy bear or something like that, and she said "I'll take that for my d-" and then cut herself off. People and their assumptions... We will find out when it is born, main thing is that he or she is healthy. That's what I would wish for anyone's newborn.

William, your lucky is going to be a girl

William has to say he wants a girl. Even if he wants a boy, he can't say so. Doing so would anger the PC thought police.

All those guys standing there while this pregnant woman had to lean over and pull her shoe out of a grate?  What is THAT about?

mathilda elizabeth mary dorothy......Malcum Charles Phillip james .....for a boy and a girl...are my bets for the royal babies names

I only had time to read the headline.  Whoever this woman is I hope she ismarried and can afford to raise the baby.

I believe there is some truth to an easy way to tell the gender. If a mother carries the baby higher it will be a girl, if it's lower it will be a boy. I noticed that to be pretty accurate in the past. Also there is a "wives tale" that if the baby has a faster than average heartbeat it will be a girl.

O my god,,, who cares what she has on... I loved that she brought a new style to the table.

Maybe she should not be wearing heels at five months. She does look beautiful.

Idle lot.For someone who's 5 months pregnant doesn't she know she isn't suppose to bend down like that?

Wish they were our ''people in the White House'' !!  Such class !!

She is such a classy lady!

I just wish the media would leave her alone - yes she is pregnant - yes she is Royal , but please let her enjoy her first pregnancy without hounding her all the time - and as for making a big thing about her "baby bump" - thats what happens to a pregnant woman media - you IDIOTS....leave her alone ....YOU ALL MAKE ME SICK....

There are 3 guys around her, one of them her husband and none of them knelt down to get her heel out of the drainage grille!!They probably did not want to mess up their perfectly pressed pants on that wet ground.I would think it would be admirable and chevalier for any guy to mess up his uniform and kneel in the wet ground to help the duchess.Like a guy taking off his jacket to spread it on a water puddle so the lady does not step in water.And the girl is pregnant and should not even wear high heels which are a pain even when you’re not pregnant.My friend got her high heel stuck in a grille and within 3 seconds, complete strangers came to the rescue of the damsel in distress.They were clumsy (and wanted to show their strength) so they broke her shoe heel, lol!That would be such a better story with her husband kneeling on the wet ground to help her and messing up his perfect outfit and not just holding her hand.

She's such a simple girl to have talked about their different desires of the sex of the baby. One thing is sure, it is either a boy or girl or both.

Kate is so beautiful and such a classy lady.  Someone the British can be proud of the way she appears in public.

do IT again!!

When will the press stop calling the Duchess of Cambridge the "former Kate Middleton"  lol I think all of us know that information by now.

Why the focus on her feet?God bless the little one and Mum and Dad.

I eagerly read all blogs about the Duchess and her charming Prince. I agree with other comments, as long as the child is healthy.

I confess...I am most decidedly NOT celeb freak. Let them live in peace, but even I am thrilled with this couple. I hope all goes well...

When they have a daughter I hope they name her after Princess Di.

She is such a lady and she has a true Prince. God bless them and their baby.

as long as the baby is healthy with all its limbs &amp; Catherine is healthy, that's is all that matters, cause happiness will be the baby entering their lives

Pregnant ladies shouldn't be wearing high heeled shoes.   Case in point.  Wonder what's wrong with having a female gender baby?

She'll have what the "QUEEN" tells her to have.

I love the old tradition of NOT revealing the news!  Sonograms initially were used to detect medical problems - now, it seems to be a spoiler alert.  There is a certain sense of excitement around the birth of a baby that is accelerated when you don't already know the sex and name.  (And if you do know, keep it to yourselves - an intimate little secret just for the two of you!)

I'm not a fan of the Queen and such, but loved Princess Dianna and her boys... and Will's wife is lovely!!REALLY, REALLY, REALLY, REALLY, REALLY!!!!

Wish our very own Moosechelle had as much class in her pinkie!  All we get from her is info about what we should eat - she should try it!  She looks like she's had way too many fancy dinners!

It's a wonder she never got pregnant sooner the way they were horsing around for EIGHT YEARS before they FINALLY got married.

you know damned well  they know what sex the baby is!

I hope the baby and mother are healthy.  Boy or girl, as long as it is healthy, that's what is so important.  I think Kate and William will be loving parents.

SHE REMINDS ME OF DIANA.....JUST LOVE HER...

I think your right. Hope baby is healthy.  Who cares if its a boy or girl? Health first.

Like OMG, aren't they just the cutest couple you ever did see.

Just another monkey! Bunch of murderers and thieves.

I love Prince William and Princess Kate. They are such a classy, handsome couple.She had a boy when she got knocked up.

Prince William and Kate are models to people far and near. Princess Diana would havesmiled ear to ear on all the high and low notes about her children. On the background,we just enjoy the day to day events that we read online.

They are so darn cute together!

"Hoping for baby boy, William wants girl"I hope it's a black baby!

She is elegant, classy and beautiful inside and out and someday she will be "Queen".God bless this little one whether it be a boy or a girl.

which is why she slipped and said "she" when referring to her baby last week!

Certainly the world would wish any couple well on the birth of a child but this daily news is a bit much.  The Brits need to take control and get rid of this monarchy thing!

I hope it's a boy. I've always admired the Royal family's tradition of sending their sons to tough military schools &amp; for being in the line of fire during war.  Unlike other countries where the leaders &amp; their offsprings run away from social responsibilities.  Go Royal Family!

The Duchess of Cambridge looks radiant not only in green, but also when she accidentally gets her shoe stuck in a drain grille, and for being 5 months along. I personally have no preference on the baby's sex as long as mother and baby have a safe labor, delivery, and recovery.

RoyalsRoyals

I think it is awesome that they admitted their preferences. Deep down, parents often frequently have an unspoken preference. So few parents-to-be are willing to voice theirs out of fear that what sex the baby ends up being will be interpreted as a "disappointment". Clearly, neither will be disappointed, regardless of the sex of the baby, but they do have more factors to consider than "we people on the pavement" do -- once again, I am refreshed by their honesty.

I like her. She's down to earth.

It would be neat if she were carrying twins, a boy and a girl, but we all pretty well know is that it's a single little bundle of joy, anyways all that matters is if it is healthy.

She looks great...pregnancy agrees with her.  Wish she would show more pics of the baby bump though...lol...Cant wait for this baby..he or she will be beautiful

They are a grand couple. It's a shame American cannot have such great representation.

They found out already and are keeping it a secret from everyone.  are you kidding me?

Let's hope that QE2 steps down and has this wonderful couple become the King and Consort.  They are more beloved that the scheming Camilla

In the photo she stands with 6 uniformed men and the caption says "Britain's Kate Duchess of Cambridge, third left"Some say that's a bull and others say go milk him

I think it AWESOME the way the English Royals and Government of England treat their military, we the USA could take a lesson from them!!!Hope they have healthy baby and it carries on the English tradition of the Royal line!I think it AWESOME the way the English Royals and Government of England treat their military, we the USA could take a lesson from them!!!Hope they have healthy baby and it carries on the English tradition of the Royal line!

Love them both... Royals Smile.

it's a girl

she is the class act they need and bless this baby to be healthy as well as a easy delivery

They are such a precious couple.  Bless them

She is so darn cute.

'I'd like to have a boy and William would like a girl'.  I believe that they might be able to find an ultrasound machine somewhere in their country that just might be able to resolve the issue.  Hope kind of went out the window with modern technology just a few years ago.

Such class and style, Kate has. So different then what we have in the White House...SELF CENTERED, ARROGANT, STEALERS, DIVIDERS, UNAMERICAN, USELESS people with NO CLASS or STYLE.

What a TOTAL class act she is - from day one......... ALL others out there need to TAKE notes. Including, Mooshell, KK &amp; Kompany, etc... And I agree - as long as the baby has ten on top and same on the bottom and healthy - that's what matters MOST. She is a great example of what the journalists should be reporting on. Not the other fluff that wanna be liked or admired - who aren't nor will be. This woman is truly a sophisticated lady and polished and sincerely empathetic and genuine to all those around her . ;] She is a lot like Diana in those and other ways - William did good in choosing her ;;]]]

She knows very well that she carrying a girl.!one of them will get their wish!

How is this news? Just hope for a healthy baby moron!

Another tax taker!!! You can't even vote them out !! You have to pay for them forever or until the country gets wise and stops paying with their hard earned tax dollars!!! They laugh at all of the taxpayers that support them while they sit on their royal rear ends!!!! Get smart no more tax dollars tell them to get a job and get out of the palaces!!!

Glad to see the palace and William looking out for Kate,however dub`t they need to now everyone loves her becose shes down to earth and is who she is so papparazzis better watch out now*l*be who you are Kate and William:)

As long as they don't name it  "Manfred"

I would like a gallon of those same hormones she's on.  She looks absolutely radiant!

you only see her teeth,no lip..................

Canada is much closer but there's no mention of them; however, the British is forever dominating the headlines. These are overt signs of British primacy and colonial reestablishment. All you've got to do is observe the color choices (purple or colors that blend to produce purple) media personnel etc. wear when on the air, along with masonic hand signs  in honor of British rule! The British Royal color is purple.

Oh, Prince William, so handsome...They're such a lovely couple and are going to be magnificent parents to their beautiful kid(s)!

a sprig on the men but a spring on the dog???Kate is graceful even when she gets her heal stuck =) &lt;3.  I adore the Prince (we share the same birthday and my first born son shares the same birthday as Diana). The Prince and my son are of the same age.   My prayers are for a healthy baby, my wish would that be that the Prince receives his little girl =) &lt;3.

I would like to see her royal hotness bend over more often

You both are adorable and so refreshing. Best of luck to both of you and the new little one!

I do love them both. She is a very beautiful Lady

All the best to the soon to be parents, good health &amp; happiness.

Sure William wants a girl. He doesn't wan't the competition.

Too late, everybody knows it's little Katie II

My children had asilly  name for their baby even before it was born, but it was private between them.  I wonder if that was what the Duchess almost let slip weeks earlier.

АAnd we should care why?

Hope she drops dead while giving birth! The royal family needs to be eradicated!!!!!!!Hope she drops dead while giving birth! The royal family needs to be eradicated!!!!!!!

Wow!  She is so much more attractive with her hair up.

it seems the majority of 1st time future moms usually want boys and future dads want girls.then the tide always seems to change the next time 'round! weird how that works...

She even looks graceful when she's wrenching her heel free from a drainage grille.

She is a class act....beautiful person!!!

Let's just say Kate will be a GREAT mother! Wish her luck!

I lived in Canada. I love the Royals. Especially the Queen. She looks so much like my  departed mother. I could be a Princess !! ha ha ha. (not...just wishes)

I adore Kate and Will, but I am surprised they would say what they prefer as far as sex, especially the way the press is.  It might be upsetting to the little one later on when some stupid media person spills the beans.  Also, not smart on Kate's part to wear those shoes when pregnant.  I wish them all well though, and eagerly await the littlest Royal!

She has such true beauty, I hope the press can respect her and Williams privacy, I know they will bend over backwards to accomadate the press, so hopefully the press will respect that. She is truely the meaning of the word "lady"

She is adorable, I hope the baby looks like her!!Can you please now call her Duchess She is married to Prince William and Mother of a queen or king to be!!!

Hey guys!  Help the lady!!!

As Long As It's Healthy, Let It Be A Hermophridite  !!!

didn't she accidentally say she was having a girl?

Sorry, but no man hopes for a girl as his first born.  As some comedian once said about his first born; "I don't care if it is healthy just as long as it is a boy".

The grenadier in the second photo looks like he's suppressing laughter.

hope it doesn't have a 55 year old's hair line when it's 30 like it's dad  i wonder if the prince ever wishes he had his brother's father's genes when it comes to looking 25 years older then you are.

love  the  pic  as  she  is  bending  down  to  get  shoe   out  of  drain......look  at  one  guard   he  cracked  a  smile...................gotta  love     her   as  shes  laughing...WOMEN  have  we  not   all  had  this  happen......dear   god...I  have.........but  i  was   not  smiling............lol...but   she   has  class   and  was  not  all   up  in  arms......and  5  months  pregnant.....geeezz  she   could  bend?  lol........not  me...lol...LOVE  HER......the     new DIANA   who  we  all  loved.............WILL'S    has  himself  a  KEEPER......!!!!!...........mum'  diana  would  be  soooooooooooo   thrilled.................so  sad   soooooooo  sad  she   is  no  longer  w/us...................

really did they really have to post a close up shot of the stuck shoe?

The important thing is a healthy and happy child, regardless of gender.Is that spurs on william's shoes?

love  her...........................

YUP!   Sure do!

Out Standing !  Wishing Them Loads of Love &amp; Good Wishes !

Looking at that Macho husband....expect a Girl..

Ha  . . .  the baby will be one or the other . . . (we can always hope for twins)

Short story. As I expected.

They will be happy with a boy or a girl .

I hope they get the blessed joy of fraternal twins, one of each as they are the best couple I know of and if that happens, I should hope the girl would be named in memory of Princess Diana as I am POSITVE, she is SO PROUD of Wills and his choice of a wife.

You have to love this couple &amp; wish nothing but a "fairy-tale" life for them. Personally, I hope the baby is a girl that looks, giggles, flirts, and resembles everything we loved about Diana....How about NO HIGH HEELS during the pregnancy?  Seems that would make more sense.

Hope someone kicks her in the stomach and she miscarries. The kid is gonna have a balding problem like its daddy!

Maybe they can teach the Queen how to be happy?

nice legs

I'm hoping for less news on these royal dorks. This isn't England yahoo! Royalty is for pissants and peasants!

Leigh said it best, as long its healthy.

She is such an amazing person! I love her poise!

She seems to be a good person.  I think that both will make very good parents to either a boy or girl.

I bet the QUEEN wouldn't have it any other way. Otherwise.. OFF With Her Head! LOL People really need to study their history , to truly undertstand why there is a queen in the first place. America has a president for a reason.

It could only be sweeter if her prince rescued her shoe!!!!! Love it! They are a great couple and I hope the best for them.The Ultimate Compromise would be to have a "Hermaphrodite"

Such a beautiful couple.  All the best to them and their son or daughter.

buttertooth brittards

She is so tiny for being 5 months along. I wonder if she will start showing after her 7th month. Would be nice to see a girl born, but as long as the baby is whole and healthy; that is the important thing. This must be a really wonderful time in their lives, to look forward to a new little person in there family!

If it's a boy that she wants, so shall it be ! and congratulations to Kate and Prince William, Kate will certainly make a great mother !!

I just want to say #$%$ her. I hate celebrities and their problems. I hate that we treat them like golden Gods.

Hmmm...she's not showing much for 5 months along. Hope she's eating correctly for herself and the child.

always make bang in the woman tailpipe so it no get a baby

Hypocrites in Royal fashion  lolOf course you want a boy as a first child like all couples do... jesus christ what happened to honesty?????!!!!

it gonna be a beautiful babyThe people of France had the right idea of what to do to people that called themselves royalty. To bad the English are a bunch of chumps.

I hope she doesn't find out...So much more rewarding after labor...the joy even greater...

He is gay so it's a girl.

class must be the most overused word in these comments. class schmass

always make bang in woman tailpipe so it no get a baby

she finally looks healthy.  A little weight does her a lot of good.  Whether a boy or girl ..... all you want is a healthy child.  good luck to them

Blondelle,what is a commoner? Just curios, anyone know- thanks if u do  I hope they have a healthy baby.

The Duchess adopted well, developed, and became a class - modern and sophisticated. I absulutely love her. Whishing the best to the young royal couples!

I have three kids, each time I only wanted a baby with all parts! Girl or Boy never mattered, they are young, they will learn! Good luck kids!

What... No one could help her with her shoe??Another lucky sperm club member who gives a #$%$!

looks like she needs a wider heel she looks great!

i  also read the babys name is going  to be Elizabeth Diana Carole Mountbatten-Windsor

Parents should not tell the world the sex they prefer in their child.  I could not get over the fact that my mother preferred to have a boy instead of me.  Maybe that explains why I knocked a boy to the ground in second grade and could do 4 semesters of college calculus better than the boys.

She is hiding her tummy well. She is beautiful as always. God Bless them with a healthy baby and the rest of the pregnancy.

She is starting to fill out in her face. She looks fabulous. Love pregnant women, they just shine.... Prince William should have helped her with her shoe...

got two of my own.lets see how it goes for her.

My opinion about the Duchess is she can do no wrong in my eyes.  I would forgive her anything. The Prince also looks like he would also.  I think they are the greatest, I wish them everything wonderful.  Maybe twins, a boy and a girl.

of course she wants a boy so her son can be king one day!

William is soo lucky he got Kate..shes yummy..wish I could enjoy my girly crush on her some weekend...mmm! lolzdont wear heels they are bad to get stuck

Whatever Ken &amp; Barbie have, I'll bet it will be a doll.

Good lord could these two be any more boring...

SHES ADORABLE!

Oops, I thought I clicked on a NEWS article, sorry.

A healthy child and loving parents. The rest will follow. The Fact that the kid will be born with a Gold Spoon in its mouth won't hurt eiter.

i think that princess kate will show off her pregnant belly just fine

I love having a daughter it's wonderful, I would have like to have had another daughter.  We do so many nice things.  I had a friend who wanted a boy so bad, she had one, then had the daughter she said she'd like to have another daughter because she didn't realize what a companion a daughter is, more so than a son. But it's what it is can't change it.

Duchess = Class   Mooochille = No Class

a girl or a boy who cares as long a the kid is health, because he or she will have loving parents know matter whata girl or a boy who cares as long a the kid is health, because he or she will have loving parents know matter what

Hmmm

well, i think she will get her wish with in the next 4 months GOD knows what a Mothers heart wants.

how did she get pregnant?  did someone give her a load of #$%$?

Great Shoes!!!  Thanks for the shoe shot.

Cant you find out the sex at five months? Some people purposely dont want to know so they can be surprised.  Health is whats important!

Love her -- she is such a class act, such a pretty smile, so obviously happy.......nice to just see both of them; their happiness is contagious!

I see these two are well trained to put the largest collectors of the dole in good standing with the public. I have nothing personal against any person, but to be Royal is just an antiquated idea. Let them use their education to get other homes, pay their bills, and have children. They will always be Royal, but the Country would do better by opening the buildings to all. The history would be an exciting sight for all to enjoy. If they truly thought Royal, and not power, they would do things to support the economics of their Country. Hanging on to old ideas of power does not seem Royal. If the US believed like this the Kardassins sp?, [who cares], would live free and have a say in government. Everyone loves these Royals, but supporting them should stop. Fame should be enough for anybody. I include no disrespect nor special respect. If Democracy is what we all hope it is then, no one need be better for name... . Just thinking.

CLONED for a boy ~ get a BOY!!!! but what kind of "Boy"......DAMIEN OMEN!

may God bless them both.. i pray with all my heart THAT NOTHING WILL HAPPEN TO HER after thebabybis born.may God bless them both.. i pray with all my heart THAT NOTHING WILL HAPPEN TO HER after thebabybis born.

Yahoo is Kate's salker

Take these Two to the TOWER!!! Off with their HEADS!!! Awwwwww the good old days!

if I was pregnant, I wouldn't care if its a boy or a girl. I just want it happy and healthy

Boy or girl who cares?  That kid should breast feed until he's 40!

This country is steeping with unbred, illegitimate babies and it stinks to high heaven and unto a Holy God.

I don't think she really cares all that much..I think she was making conversation.  There's nothing wrong with having a preference...everybody wants a healthy, happy baby...but that doesn't mean parents might not lean toward one gender over the other...and in the end, they really don't care when they see their baby for the first time.

Usually both, mom and dad, want a boy the first time.  My mom always said the girl prepares the parents for the boy...but I think it's the other way around today.  I don't care, because I know someday it will either be Queen or King!  It's soooo exciting!

She is awesome. Why can't we have a classy first lady?

Since when is TEAL considered a St. Patty's Day green? Is ALL I care to know about this articleEngland has the Royal family...and we.. regrettably, have the obama's

I really want to know...if this child were to be downs syndrome...would they allow it to be king or queen?

I am nerves for her...wearing such high heels while pregnant.  Can she tone it down and wear a lower and thicker heels instead?  But she looks amazing!

According to all the other things I see, she already knows and has told only their parents.  I saw another thing where someone handed her a teddy bear and she said, "thank you this will be great for our dau...." Then, caught her slip. When they asked her if she was having a daughter, she said she wasn't letting it out. Who knows? It could be rumors though.

I'm hoping she has twins... One of each;-) That way they both get what they want.

They know what sex their baby is, who are they trying to fool? The Queen knows just in case anything happens to her before the birth of the child, she's an old lady. Remember a few weeks ago Kate almost said the word "daughter", not son.

easy  fix  one of each  twins

It's so nice to hear something sweet in the news for a change.

i also wished for a boy, but i couldnt live without my daughter

who Fugging cares. Fugg EnglandI hope if she does have a girl she will remember Wills beautiful Mum and name her Diana and middle name after Kates Mum.

I am Praying for Wisdom and Guidance for the health and naming of the baby! Congratulations to the Family!

Right On ;)

Sorry mistakes made   in comments, but I get so emotional  when  anything comes up  reminding me of the class we used to have in our country. Just put it down to   tremors from the latest news,

The sun sets within that tiny island.  The days are over when the sun was not setting on British empire. Whether she delivers a son or a girl makes no difference.

who cares maybe it will be uncle fester

Why all the coverage on these "entitlement #$%$"?  I don't care what sex their kid turns out to be as long as it's not #$%$.

Wish  we had class  in the white house  instead of       whatever they are.

Didn't Kate slip and state "D......." in a conversation. I''m believe the royal couple already know a baby girl is on the way.It looks like Kate may have let slip the sex of her baby, due to be born in July.The Duchess of Cambridge is said to have let her guard down while accepting a teddy bear from a member of the public in Grimsby, almost revealing she was to have a daughter.She was overheard telling the well-wisher: "Thank you, I will take that for my d..." before stopping herself.Sandra Cook, 67, who was in the crowd next to Kate, told the Times: "I said to her, 'You were going to say daughter weren't you?' and she said, 'No, we don't know'. I said, 'Oh I think you do', to which she said, 'We're not telling'."

If we ever get the  arabs out of the white house we might  our country back..they are the cutest couple ever!!!!! &lt;3

Diana will always be Duchess of CambridgeFor ever in everybody hearts

You really only have ONE chance to have that first child and you should wait for the delivery!

Oh My GOD!!1  This is big news!!  Stop the presses immediately, the world must be informed!!!

She's trying to trick us, its a girl...

I wish parents wouldn't make statements like that because the child will no doubt hear it and may not realize that once born the love is the same and the statement is forgotten by the parent. Best wishes for a healthy child and parents. :) she probably felt they had to make the comments after the recent speculation. ?

You gotta love the way those guys just stand there while pregnant princess has to bend down to pick up her shoe. What a couple of jerks.

Last week I read.... she said she was having a girl and knew for sure, does anyone elseremember reading that besides me?

What's going on. Royalty getting a heel caught  and speaking with the press and a Pope who wants to live the simple life. What next

The Duchess almost slipped out the word "daughter" when presented with a gift.  Her hoping for a boy is bogus.She already all but said she's having a d......

i hope its a boy annnnnd a girl...then everyones happy :)

her face looks chubbier.. she's pretty.

praying for a healthy baby for them, I love the Royal family and pray the Lord watches over them , always...........God bless......

So refreshing to see that happy beautiful couple that truly loves one another. I pray that everything turns out exactly as they hope it will. It makes me sad that Diana was robbed of that kind of life because she also was a beautiful person

See how the media made up the story about it being a girl and they had picked the name Elizabeth Diana Carol.  I knew that was just someone's imagination congering up another false statement. Good grief, leave them alone and let them enjoy this time and pick the name when the baby gets here like normal people. Whichever sex it is, I am sure they will be delighted to have a healthy, happy baby and it will have a wonderful name chosen by the parents and not the media.

Their wealth, opulence and elitism has been handed to them by their subjects who remain mesmerized and quite dumb. Their days are filled with enjoying a life of ease and opportunity that you and your ancestors have paid for through suffering and enslavement. Go on, celebrate the upcoming birth of your newest Master. Serfdom will never end until Humanity wakes up and stops needing to worship someone or something above themselves.

This is a very, very, very evil inbred family and you people worship these evil people like they are the second coming of Christ.

You idiots really keep putting the so called 1% people you hate on a pedestal and continue to worship them.  I hate you sheep so much.

They are elegant couple, befit royalty!I hope for ten million dollars, I'm sure nobody cares about what I hope for either.

ok  l thought she already accidentally mention ' d....' in one of her invterviews . .then  yest i read they're naming their daughter Elizabeth Dianna Carole ....something something . . uh . . . am i confused or are they trying to confuse ppl . . . . nevertheless congrats to them and their baby ....

i guess she values having her head on her shoulders. please....mister stork, bring me a boy so that i can live this charmed life with my puhssy...please...

she's a gem.  i'm envious of her sheer seemingly genuine happiness.  what a lovely lady.

If it's a girl, the name Charlotte would be lovely :)

i dosent matter if its a boy or a girl it just needs to be healthy

when my wife was pregnant,we hoped for a healthy child with all their fingers and toes first. we didn't worry about what gender it was.

if it a girl. the duchee will be like OMG NOOOOOO. if is boy william will be like OMG nooooooooooo. lets see what God giving them. L0L

Finally, a liberal white woman reproducing to keep her race alive WITHOUT ENVIRONMENTAL GUILT!!!!!

I'm surprised she wasn't assisted in getting her heel dislodged. That is when protocol should fall to courtesy and common sense!Why on earth would she state something like that. Imagine if she has a girl. That child will grow up and know her Mum wanted a boy. That is a bit harsh. The media today is never ending

Class act through and through!  No need to pull a tank top over the belly or put the top of your pants, underneath your belly. Gross, gross, gross, gross!  (They still manufacture sensible and stylish maternity clothes.)  Unfortunately, some so-called celebrities don't know that!

They'll get...what they get.....

Let us pray for the Duchess' safe delivery 1st.

They deserve to be very happy whatever the baby is boy or girl. GOD Bless the Baby and mommy and daddy and be Happy.

Chinese prefer boys. British prefer boys. everyone loves boys (penetrator). L0L

if it's a girl she will be eaten by the satan worshiping royals

I love Kate's grace! Whatever the baby's sex and health- it will be happy. I think even happier knowing that it may not have to worry about being gay or the third monarch- even though I'm a happy royal watcher and don't want to go the way of the better mouse trap.

and then there are just those hoping for a healthy baby and then are those hoping for a baby and then there are those who also hope that they will be able to provide for the baby in  the great usa and then there are those who don't care what kate is hoping for let alone williamnow will all of america send gifts that we can't afford?  after all it is for kate and her "baby bump"  why is the baby called a bump anyway?

After all this time of Americans and others trying to get the guards to laugh, all it took was Kate getting her shoe stuck. He is really trying to hold it back :)it is a girl. woooooooooohoooooooooooooooo.LOL

I know a really nice American family down the street who is expecting too. Really great people. The woman is as wise as an owl and the guy would give you the shirt off his back.

wait but i was reading this thing that she said shes having a girl?

The next big story from the Royal Family:  Kate wipes her butt with Charmin!Highlights at 11.

Hope all is in good health, and happiness.

Kim Kartrashians african armenian baby will be bigger news thns this, Armenia is declaring a national holiday, glendale CA&gt; {little Armrnia] is holding a huge parade.

i thought it was a girl...

WHO CARES?

Think of the lives that would have been saved if Henry VIII had gotten rid of the law of primogeniture!

I hope it is a girl!!!!And she gets the name Diana after her Grandmother.That would be awesome.God bless them!

It would really be funny, if  the baby came out as a beautiful knee-grow.

Of course she does, Then he would be King one day

Yes, produce that male heir and then the crown will let you alone to enjoy your life.  BTW, the term "baby bump" is very #$%$, the tabloids need to lose this term.

Maybe she'll have twins. One boy and one girl. Wouldn't that be a surprise.

As long as the baby is healthy that is all that matters. People who only want a boy or a girl sometimes get the gender they want , but the baby is not healthy. Be thankful for the gender of the baby and that the baby is born healthy!!!!!!!!!! Parents you need to take care of your selves for the sake of this baby.

I would wish them a safe happy,and healthy delievery. If it is a girl she would be an excuse to have another one.

you look great, hope yur feeling well

Blessings To The Mother &amp; Child But most Imp Kate Shud avoid wearing High heels as Just Missed A mishap Be careful During These days as Precaution is better Than Cure Good Luck &amp; God Bless&lt;3

Fantastic couple, I wish them the best and hope others around the world will take notice of the down to earth way they are.  Why can't everyone live in peace and why do the rich get greedier.  The Duchess has money to spend on expensive clothes, yet she chooses not to.  What a lovely lady.Kate is a breath of fresh air. I hope her baby is healthy and she comes through this pregnancy well. She sure doesn't look five months pregnant!

wishing them all the best.

I wish them both the best.  Be a good example, not like his father who broke his wife's heart.

The Duchess of Cambridge is simply a JOY to look at and in every gesture she is proof that HRH the Princess Diana Of Wales did an awesome job as a mother to raise her son to be able to choose just the right woman to live with and the most fitting future Queen for his country to stand by his side in this really difficult job that he was born to do. The Lady Diana was a class act her son learned by her example what to look for in a woman.

YAWNYeh I took the time to comment just to irritate you! LOL

I seem to recall an article that said they know the sex and only her parents and Prince Charles and Camilla know.   Sooo whats up with all the denial.  Love this couple and whatever it is as long as it is healthy that is all that matters.

care

Best wishes Kate and William I'm sure Dianna is looking down and smiling ear to ear god bless you both

That's lovely. I'm sure the child will be beautiful. The drain thing is awkward. I hate when I'm walking and the ground does weird things.

I hope she has a girl and it's black.It will be a girl.

I love her outfit this morning, very sharp.

This is boring.

as th saying goes boys marry girls like their moms or shall I say mums Pricess Diana would be proud

I hope it's a beagle

I am hoping it is a girl who grows up to be as beautiful as her mother.

She is such a warm person..you can just tell by how she interacts with everyone..just absolutely love her! :)

even with something as a simple heel mishap, she handles it in a very classy fashion. She really knows how to carry herself with grace and poise, she's a breath of fresh air. I wish American celebrities would take note of what a real woman is like.

I love them!!! Very pretty people. And i am sure the baby will be adorable baby!

Love everything about this couple, way to bring a sense of normalcy to the royals!I am sick and tired of hearing about this couple. Enough is enough.

She's a wise girl. If they have a daughter, especially born in July, the poor child will be hounded her life long with comparisons to Diana.

Spurs?  Prince William is wearing spurs?  Yippee-ki-yay.

They say women with really bad morning sickness usually have boys, but who knows.

Because I'm so shallow, though I don't know her, I am very interested in looking at her because of her looks and clothes. I never even noticed William until she came along.

Our very best wishes for this Royal couple! A boy or a girl, a Royal baby is coming to this earth, and we are waiting to welcome it!

England monarchy is smart to crown Girls as the successor of the thrown. You always know the subsequent generation comes from her eggs. If Boys were the successor of the thrown, the neighbor's sperms might have found the way into your family blood line.

Doesn't look stuck..............looks like a graceful curtsey......LOL

That is a great news! I hope Obama and the republicans are not going to cut funding on their child.

Well whatever they have hope it's healthy and... doesn't look anything like William.Yea right , how is she turning a girl into a boy !

)))SCREEN NICK ADVISORY -Author may or may not be OLD, a BARKEEP, or MALE(((As long as it’s reptilian the Queen will be pleased.

I just wish her 9 months didn't feel like 20 months for us that have to keep hearing about it, I pray they have a healthy child already.

sorry i dont care but at 5 months they know what gender it is!! but nicely avoid the answer!!

I hope she has a miscarriage.

"It's a boy, Mrs. Walker, it's a boy...it's a boy, Mrs. Walker, it's a boy""A son, a son, a son, a son!"

Don't get me wrong, I think she's great, but I never understood why people always want a boy first.  That's part of the fuel behind sexism, always thinking a boy child is more important.  After all, with royalty, there have been many queens, not just kings.  She (baby, if a girl) could be a future queen.  What a thought!  I don't see that as being a problem in the UK, after all!

Every baby is a reminder fro God that the world should go on. Blessings to them and to their little one. I am looking forward to when we hear the news that the baby is here.

May God Bless  Prince William" Kate @ Baby.

Right on! She knows if its a boy, it could grow up to be a great military world leader :)I will never understand why they call a newborn or yet-to-be-born a "baby" boy or girl. Can it come into this world as a full grown adult, and nobody informed me of that possibility?

Don't confuse the child.

As long as the baby is healthy who cares if it is a boy or a girl. My prediction? I think it is a girl- why?  Because it may be an old wives tale, but like Kate, I was deathly sick at the beginning of my pregnancy, like her, at 5 months did not show at all, and she may have let the cat out of the bag last week when she received a pink stuffed animal from an admirer and said, "I will save this for my d" and stopped right there- I could be wrong! Whatever, she is beautiful, classy, and looks great in anything she puts on.

Maybe if they would have twins, one boy and one girl, they both would be happy. Exciting moment,.

The reason for hoping for a boy is when a girl child gets of marriageable age, it is possible to marry into a royal family of another country and the male she marries receives "crown matrimonial" meaning he can rule over her.  This was the issue that Henry Vlll had.  the people back in that day didn't like the idea of a foreign monarch marrying into the British royal family.  I am glad that the Queen has changed the ruling officially to accept females in direct line to the throne.  Too bad she is not having boy/girl twins.  I just hope that no matter what the baby turns out to be, it it healthy and happy.

She is grace personified.

Have a happy healthy child, Kate.

Hoping of course for a healthy baby but it looks like she is carrying a boy, low and her face has not changed.

i want a boy too :) my boyfriend wants a baby girl, eh. oh boy....but yea, ppl are right. as long as a baby is healthy....then perfect :)

Let's hope it a girl. UK history has never seemed to fare well under a king!wearng beautiful colr..

Love her

It's sad that most dads usually want a son so when I hear that a mom also wants a son it breaks my heart because it makes me feel that no one wants little girls. little girls are the sweetest.

Wish i lived in england instead of the #$%$ united states. They have respect over there unlike here.~I Bring You A Message of Goodwill!~~The Goodwill Ambassador~

Well this sounds like a bet! 500 pesos she's having a girl!

That should make her daughter happy when she's born.

we'll just have to keep trying then, if I give you a girl this time.Wanna start trying now ?

They are a wonderful couple.. This I am sure Diana would be happy about.  I hope it is a healthy happy baby that enjoys both its parents, always.  As it should be.

Sex does not matter as long as it is healthy.

She pinned a spring on the dog's collar? Huh? Does the writer mean "sprig?"WGAF!!!

Duchess please quit pretending you and all of us know it is a Girl you screwed up before you said she ,so say the truth forget old tradition you messed up.

they may end up with a mae that decides he is a queen down the road

These spoiled brats should simply wish for a healthy baby.  Some people are not able to have children.

Their great accomplishment is being born? What's wrong with people?

Stupid choice of shoes when pregnant. And hoping for a boy is a little old-fashioned, esp. when a female will now be allowed to be on the throne if born first. I hope it's a girl!

lovely pair -- I don't particularly agree on saying hope its a boy or hope its a girl -- when in the scheme of things you just want a very healthy baby

They should be happy just to have a child ... watch their "words of preferment" come back to haunt their offspring when they become adults ...

Right before the 22nd of something sinister well at least she'll be safe maybe unless the illuminati has something against this one compare to princess diana

I think if it is a girl they will name her after his mother and her mother. if it is a boy i hope they don't name him after his father. i'm just saying,I mean, if blood lines really mean anything to them????

What about...the couple keeping out of the press and hoping for a healthy baby. I think its immature of them to hope for a particular sex when you don't have any children.

it don't matter either  girl or boy AS LONG AS IT  IS  STRAIGHT!!!

Can this white |3tich and her stupid child of evil just die off the planet?

Why was her heel getting stuck enough to make this story? who hasnt gotten their shoe stuck before?

Considering they already know the sex of the baby. ONE of their wishes is waiting to be born.

refreshing read alas daily rubbish surrounding american politics; god save the queen!

IF she get pregnant are we going to have a day by day coverage of her baby bump too?

Kate is such a beautiful lady...Diana would have been so proud! I've watched William grow into the fine young man that he is today.  I know whether boy or girl it will be a beautiful baby! God bless the two of them in this exciting journey!

a beautiful Lady of the people! her inside beauty shows through her actions just as it did with  Princess Diana, And   what ever the lord blesses them with either boy or girl,, heathy is what matters......And now page 2:  Who cares about page 1?

She is so beautiful.

Get a job Kate. Quit living off the tax payers.

I thought the baby's name will  be Elizabeth Diana.

Man, I am so glad we don't have to curtsy, I would get stuck, old age is not for wimps. If I squat I have to fall and get on my hands and knees and beg for help to get up. So you keep making fun old people, as you are aging as I speak. Youth and skill will be overcome by old age and treachery... Your time is a coming too.

The ultimate in CLASS!!

WHEN I STARTED I SAID NO #$%$ AND NO COMP-LAING and thats all you alkll are doing is #$%$ AND COMPLAING

It's a girl !

To bad we don't have a woman with such dignity and class in the "White House!

you pin  a sprig , not a spring. usual good proofreading.that would suck to learn u ideally was not wanted by your mom or dad.

Doesn't every one always hope for a boy...

Because my life wouldn't be complete if I hadn't seen close up footage of Kate's "footage" and what not @@

Rainy, wet out, and she's preg..Maybe she should be wearing less expensive shoes with lower heels so they won't get caught in the grids.She knows the sex,but is doing spin control on her last comment when handed the stuffed animal.

I love the Duchess of Cambridge.  She is so classy she did not expect anybody to take care of her stuck shoe in the grille, she did it herself.  Also, I've noticed she is not showing off her pregnancy like all the movie stars (not actresses) do.  Hope both of them have their wish come true, twins boy and girl.

Stumbling is suddenly news worthy--with images! Kate now joins, Jennifer Lawrence (Oscars) and the new Pope (swearing in or what ever) all stumbling and going viral.

our US duchess palin has #$%$ kids

she is gorgeous.

What ever happened to the Duke of Earl ?

#$%$ is this in the news for?  Can they make an article on my birth?What about us?What do we want?

she should be wearing shoes shoes that are safe and senisable in her condition

I'm shocked all the men are just standing around staring as she has to work her shoe out of the grille. 5 months pregnant and a royal, and they can't help her? Or maybe they're just having way too much fun watching. LOL! Typical.

BIG WHOOP with this pregnancy, she is not the first woman to have a baby, Im sick of her and him too

I think she is the most beautiful woman in the world.  There is no one that even comes close to her class and dignity.

I hope is a hermaphrodite and both parents will get their wish.

bless them

Off with their heads!

How very enlightening to read about these two Royals, they seem so down to earth and are obviously truly in Love with eachother, I pray they have a healthy baby.

Her mother -in-law would of been so proud.They are such a great couple! Ill bet the baby, boy or girl, will be absolutely gorgeous! Not to mention spoiled and brought up well. Cant wait to see them be class act parents!!! Sooooo unlike most 'high profile' parents these days! Two thumbs up for them and how they live their lives with such dignity.

Kate is a real person to pattern and to follow in her great style and lovelyness.   We love everything you do..........sorry about your shoe.

I wonder how many concubines Prince William has?

Of course he does. Men continue the royal bloodline while girls are only "breeders"...

So long as the child is strong and healthy who cares whether it is a boy or a girl.

Another Brit with bad teeth on the way.

They are adorable!

What i think is he wants it to be a girl because of his mother that died rip. I am with u guy on this one as long as the baby is healthy that would be good. But as humans we all have our preferance of what sex we want that just people in general. Its not a bad thing thats just the way its been since the begining of time.

Even if the boy is a girl and the girl is a boy it will still be loved.

Hope to see an Irish boy.Oh Yahoo! This information is old. The Royal couple do know they are having a girl. And.....they have already chosen a name for her.....very long name: search Google. (Elizabeth Diana.......) .

Much better hairstyle for a duchess.   She looks grown up instead of like a silly college girl.

why does everything these two do, is news, big deal!  they do nothing for our economy , we are just about at war with a few countries, and yahoo put this useless story out. who cares about these two do nothing people, they were born into money and have no idea about the the poor or middle class live. stop writing about this no news #$%$. now body cares.

I love these 2 people, for they are down to earth.  Princess Diana was a Beautiful person and she raised her sons correctly and with respect. I'm so happy that they're like their mom and not their father. At least her son's have class just like she did. It doesn't matter what they have, as long as the baby and  Kate, The Duchess of Cambridge, comes through fine and healthy. Although I would like them to have a daughter and her first name be Diana. Yes this little girl will be special, blessed and loved in her own way. However she will be even more so to be named after her grandmother Princes Diana the one that everyone loved and adored. Maybe that's why she doesn't want a girl due to the pressure of the name. Anyway, GOD BLESS THE BABY AND THE PARENTS.

The queen mum sat in on and supervised the copulation.

I enjoy reading about this wonderful and loving twosome (soon to be threesome).  I personally hope they have a daughter and should name her Victoria Diana.  That would so please the one person who should be here awaiting the birth of her first grandchild;  the much loved and missed Diana.

I do not believe the Duchess said she prefers a boy. She knows anything she says will go viral and would never leave the legacy for a baby girl to carry around her entire life that "Mum really wanted a boy." She's not some ignorant #$%$.

William is a liar.

I'm hoping its a girl. So many prince's in this family. Would be nice to see a  little princess.

She's beautiful and I hope,whatever the sex, child is healthy." made the revelation to a soldier "Stupid blabbermouth.. anything to get some fame and publicity.

I hope it's a girl and name her Diana after her grandmother. We missed Princess Diana!

Which genes are dominant? - Inbred horse tooth or 6/10 genes?

Neither boy or girl,all re gift from God

there it is - the high heel in the grate creating a falling risk for a pregnant women.

PRlNCE \/\/lLLlAM lS JUST H0PlNG THE BABY lS \/\/HlTE!!!

This opinion is best kept to herself.

The royalty costs the British billions of pounds for pomp and ceremony belonging more to a medieval era than in today's world. They should look to the east and learn about humility andthe human values of the new pope in Rome.

Wheres' her tummy, and maternity clothes.............

Looking at him, it could be triplets, one of each.William has great taste , he must be thinking about his mother when he says he wants a baby girl . baby girl to his dad forever . and look just like princess Diana . It wont be long before we meet the new arrival.

God bless Kate and Will with a healthy baby, they are the the  bright spot in the news and loved so much. The heels need to be lower, in order to prevent danger to the baby and Kate,

I'm hoping they get a job and work like the rest of us peasants. Bums.

Before our kids were born, we just hoped they'd be okay -- everything there, 10 fingers and toes.  Asking for anything more (gender) was tempting fate.

She looks so royal in these pictures. Even while trying to unstuck her heel.

check the ultrasound and see if it has a willi or not like most of mankind today

I hope she's having a girl...:)

Wonder if he was wearing those spurs when she got pregnant.  Happens all the time in Texas.

William is a girl

Well DUH she wants a boy!  Get that pesky pressure of producing an heir to the throne out of the way.William is right it doesn't matter boy or girl just another freeloader

Inbreds, she's going to have a monkey looking william.

I would rather read about the Kardashians compared to these fake @#$%

Who cares if the child is a boy or a girl?

You want what you want,and LOVE what you get!!Precious Couple!!!!!

I love women like this because they have respect for themselves and a classy man will love you no matter what you look like or act like.

... too bad her nurse that they killed off won't ever be able to have any kids, and left behind a husband and 2 teens! the royals are disgusting.

Please be a boy. Nothing personal, but another queen on the throne for 90 years is just a bit too much.Liz - time to go. Abdicate in favor of your son before he dies.

Duches #$%$

Have a gay son, and you'll Both get your wish!Idiots, all of them. Just hope for a healthy child.

Wow she's a looker and smart to boot, this may be the only thing that saves this family and preserves their positions for a little longer. In another generation I think no matter how much the British love their monarch it will slowly become abolished through less and less public support, so they need to make sure all the future generations have college degrees like these two.

who gives a rat's butt about a royal couple in another country when we got problems of our own. who cares?

A lovely lady and sending prayers for a healthy baby for this loving couple.

She should be slapped.

so sweet these two love birds do wish them the best

Another story celebrating people who are famous for being.... not doing... Who really cares?

I hope the Monarchy never ends, i love it all and they are such a classy, good looking couple.

The US never got away from tyranny, we now have Obama who has food tasters, death panels, 2 billion hollow point bullets and 3000 armored tanks to kill the American people, allowing illegals free reign.

Keep a clear mind &amp; happy thoughts and all will be well. Had my son at 7 months and all 7 months was sick all day, soooooo hope it is a BOY! There will a next time for the GIRL! (;  Good Luck and GOD BLESS YOU 3!I also like her, class act, she has to be to put up with this family.

Kate Middleton = Pretty. Snooky = Disgusting.

Duchess, don't lie like many of the WH residents. Your baby is a girl, the world knows about it so do you &amp; Prince Chrales.

I hope it is a girl that has a beautiful exact image of Princess Diana for prince charles to babysit and watch grow up!

Kate is as beautiful as Princess Diana, in a different way. Prince William and Kate are really looking good together. Hey, wish you two are happily ever after. Kate prefers a boy as any King would desires, but William hadn't have a sister. therefore he prefers a girl to nurture as a Barbie doll and it's nothing wrong with that. Queen Elizabeth has rule British all these years, she has done well. I'm sure he'll lead his daughter to be a good queen.

Count on Kate to get her heel stuck in a grate!.....That lady is just too charming.

If its a girl, they will sell it on the black market

Who cares, it will be another brat who doesn't have to work a day in it's life.

I wish more women in the United States that are pregnant would dress as modest as the Duchess.  It's so tackie the way some of them hang out.  Kate is a classier lady.

What a breath of fresh air for the British royals.  May they have a healthy baby.Wrong shoes to be wearing near drainage grills.

Love this couple. I wish them the joy of a healthy and happy baby.

Maybe it will be a hermaphrodite and everyone will be happy.

I hope you the best

She looks so happy. Must be that "glow" I've heard about. I sure love that beautiful green coat.

Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz

of course she wants a boy.  That way if something were to happen to william, she's still somebody.  WOMEN!!  always thinking about themselves.

prayers for both of you!  a little princess would be nice:)

poor kate.  fame would be nice and all but there is a point where it gets taken too far.  celebrities even 50 or 60 years ago didnt have to deal with such an ULTIMATE lack of privacy.  not to mention the general public didnt have to hear about every single time someone's shoe gets stuck in a gutter.

Congratulations to you both&gt; May the LOrd Bless you and your new bundle of joy with love and happiness.Please post more articles about Kate Middleton instead of Kim Kardashian....GAG!

She's not aging well, starting to look more like that painting of herself.

150 properties owned by the old English queen on her north Norfolk 20,000-acre estate.Meanwhile the British isles is in a triple dip recession!!!!

I always enjoy reading about them. I wish them the best in another role....Mom and Dad!

I wish they'd have a girl with the middle name, "Diana"....Wills seems like such a dork to me, but I like her.

they have one more thing to fight about. what the big hoopla about anyway.

Who cares. Red coats business isn't anything news worthy to freedom loving Americans.

She just said daughter than stopped herself. What a head game they all play.

princess Diana iz back coz she the one who gone to get!

We are here and they are there and who cares!!  She is not the only pregrant person in the world!!  Others are pregant and they could care less about her!!Ah, to be young and pregnant and still be able to stand in heels for hours...I think it's a girl.

her breath smells like #$%$.

Lady Di, you would be proud you boy did well. Kate is a classy lady.

Kate is going to make a beautiful Queen some day, better then camilla that is for sure. But then camilla will never be know as queen camilla, Kate can be when William becomes king.

A man hoping for a daughter? that's a first

They are a very attractive couple.  Very much down to earth.  I pray their babe is healthy, no matter what gender it is.  I would love it if they didn't tell anyone what they were having.

Duchess: Hoping for baby boy,IM RIGHT HERE!PICK ME!IM A BOUCNGING BOY you sexy royal thing you!

who really cares!

They have a 100% chance of one of them being right

after reading another Kim story and how she rocked her outfit..... It is refreshing to see how a real lady dresses and looks absolutely stunning!  NOW SHE ROCKED HER FROCK!Kate is 5 months pregnant and so elegent and beautiful. I wish her and William a very healthy baby and it doesn't matter if it's a boy or girl. they are very lucky.

Whether the child is a boy or girl will not matter, they will be the heir to the throne.  A healthy child is all a parent can ask for.

I wish them all the luck and love in the world. Maybe it will be twins one boy one girl.

Must be a girl if William is hoping for a girl.

yes he  is a lot like his mother and i think he found in his wife some of his adorable mother in which the whole world loved, yes they are an adorable couple i am from small town in usa. but there is something about this couple that appeals to a lot of people, just like his mom i miss her still.

She is so wonderful.

It's raining and she's wearing heels? Not a great idea!

An adorable couple.  She really brings the family to life.  A breath of fresh air to the Monarchy.  I like him much better with a hat on, all those beautiful golden curls have gone away for Prince William.

Its a disinformation game. They already know it is a girl who will be Queen of England in 2045.

god bless the three of you,my you all be as free as the wind.god bless the three of you,my you all be as free as the wind.

Good looking Princess.I thought doctors now-days are able to know the sex of the child well before birth. I may be wrong. But it seems the newborn will be a girl.

What a nice couple, and Just a healthy baby is a good choice,  I am sure it wil be handsom and pretty, as the parents are fantastic.  Wish they would address her as the Duchess Kate, She is not longer a Middleton.

God Bless the couple and their heir....but are we really going to be subjected to every little detail for another "too many" months?

Of course she's hoping for a boy.  It's the royal family.    Male heirs to the throne are 1st.

a healthy baby is the most important, but I'm like Prince William...I would love to see them have a little girl.

Whatever!The story has already been leaked, she started to say daughter and then stopped herself.Another story has been leaked about the long girls name that they have chosen.IF they really don't know, her saying she wants a boy and him saying he wants a girl could come back to bite one of them in the rear years down the road.  "So sorry, Mom/Dad, you didn't get what you really wanted in me."  NOT SMART AT ALL.

brits need to get a life. u call it news

seriously?? The girl can't even get her shoe stuck without it ending up all over media...ayayayayayay!!! Where is the five month old belly? Looks like three months.

I'm so glad she didnt fall!Back in my day, we had no idea the sex of our unborn TREASURE, and I still like that!! I am very happy for this lovely couple, though I think we in the USA do not need a day to day report on Kate; when we have so many in our own country worthy of recognization!! PLUS, who in the hell came up with baby bump????

She's hoping to have a boy....I'd like to have her.

Maybe she will have a he-she.

She is already having a girl. She accidently spilled the beans when she said she was having a "d..." (daughter). The prince must be very ecstatic.

I think Kate and William are very cute. Hope he is King after Grandma and his father is passed over. When it comes to EVERY thing that these kids do however, WHO CARES? You know, they know what the baby's sex is, give me a break....as long as it is healthy, THAT is what matters. She already slipped up and started to say DAUGHTER when she spoke publicly. They prefer not to let people know yet, that is their right, the whole thing is being overblown. According to a recent change, it will NOT matter when it comes to succession, EITHER SEX will inherit the throne.

Well, mothers can often get very jealous &amp; competitive with their growing daughters!

Just wondering...if the baby is mentally challenged, or more commonly referred  to as the R word that yahoo won't print...would he/she still be king/queen?

It's GENDER Yahoo. She doesn't know the GENDER of her unborn child. SEX is how we procreate. The words are not interchangable..........

they'll take what they get and like/love it. some things even royalty cannot control.

Hope it's a girl and they name her Diana after the wonderful lady who should still be alive to enjoy being called Grandmum.  I still miss Diana.Why is she always trying to hide her belly? And those hills must be hard to wear at 5 months preggo, ouch!

oh my gosh ....the only two people on the planet able to concieve a child, who will either be a boy or a girl, have come up with a sentence so to place it in a magazine and newspapers so to sell these forms of communication and thus make some money out of it! i am so super joyous for the two of them...especially since noone on this earth is able to give birth to a human baby!     how ever i am in a sort of orgasmo aura as i constantly picture what the two of them did in order to get to this point ...have a baby in her .....i mean not like god came down and abused her in her sleep like it happened to the marry of christ!

Will the baby be renting #$%$ in NYC in a few years?REAL ROAYL CLASSRenting #$%$ in New York and Posting the pictures on-line.

So what, they don't have ultrasound in the U.K.?

What kind of liars ARE you? In one story you say she made a mistake and indicated what sex the baby was, and now she dosn't know. That's why I don't believe a word you say and why I try not to even read so called NEWS.

Kate is the perfect definition of "First Class".  She's pretty, elegant and everything that defines a lady.  It's also nice to see all these clean cut young men in uniforms instead of what we have to look at here in the states.

SO WHAT?!

what is sad is that there will probably be more headlines for the west/hodashian brat then then the future king or queen.

she's so pretty!

You just wonder if there is a camilla character in the background waiting for the heirs and then making off with him.......still miss Diana - Queen of England and will always be no matter how hard they try to flog the old horse to us....I believe that this is one of the better, nicely written stories we have received from Yahoo in awhile. The address her correctly, the pictures are very tactful and full of interesting details. It's very nice to see this great couple out and doing royal "duties" and enjoying it as well. I, for one, also do not care the sex of this little one, but I'm sure they are going to be great parents!

A healthy child most important but hope she has a girl and she looks just like Diana they make a cute couple.

While I do feel monarchies are outdated, she and her husband really seem to be class acts and she's a very beautiful woman. Good role models. I just hope they are destined for a better future than his parents.

Well... now isn't that big of her?!!

Best wishes to them both and on a healthybaby...if it's a girl......Diana would be a nice name...Diana Queen of England....that would be a wonderful tribute to a wonderful Woman...

They talk about how the Royals are not particularly bright.  I have to wonder about William.  I mean, what took him so very long to marry this beautiful (and I mean that inside and out) woman.

THE DUCHESS OF CAMBRIDGE? Thank you for finally dropping the "Kate Middleton" and addressing her properly.

I hope the best for William and Kate I say she will have a girl

She seems pretty normal, especially after all the endless Diana drama.

how the heck cares? but i do have a word of advice to katie, " ditch the high heels before you fall flat on your face." you know your sense of balance is now what it used to be before  you were pregnant.This Royal couple are such a fresh delightful couple.   Get rid of the Kardashians.and the garbage that goes along with them.

WHO CARES???She still looks like Val Kilmer in drag.....

That is a pat answer re: the sex of the baby. Their advisor came up with this but it is sweet. Oh the press and the critics of the Royals criticize them for dowdy outfits but Kate has now learned why Royal women wear some heels but not high heels because the heels get caught in things. Oh for her sake and her circulation she should consider not wearing heels. It would be a great lesson for young women and her feet would feel better.

Best wishes for a health mother and child. Love them so much!

There are millions of babies born every year, why is their baby so special. She and the old prince will never have to change a diaper, or get up for a late night feeding, or any of the other horrors that a new mom and dad face daily.I really believe that only a certain group of  people have any interest in the love life of the prince and his squaw

Just wondering what the little wheel sticking out the back of William's shoe is for.  Must be hard to walk down stairs with that on.  Anyone know?

Oh, jolly good fun!  Predicting what the breeding stock will produce.  Why on earth do the british support this nonsense?

How I'd love to blow my load all over her face

I'm with Prince William on this.  I hope is a baby girl.  Of course, most of us will not be around to see her ascend to the throne but is nice to know she will be first in line.  Also hoping that Charles will be passed over and Prince William will become the next King.  I shudder at the thought of Camilla standing next to a King.

Isn't that sweet...I wish them much happiness!If its a girl I hope they mane her Diana.

I see Yahoo is getting a little better. At least they called her Duchess most of the time.

i like em both. kudos to the english, from the oregon coast. :)

Like these young people. Wish them all the best.....

ok...so she is living the high life because she married a useless guy who is called a prince because of some old tradition....meanwhile while as far as I can tell english commoners live like #$%$...Brits: you deserve what you get (nothing) for being so deferential to "nobility" who has done nothing to earn their post.

Just like the media..first they said that they definately knew the sex of their baby &amp; the only people that were told were their parents...now the media is saying something completely different..go figure..but really when it comes down to it, as long as the baby is HEALTHY, that is all that matters..

So i guess Will goes back door.  I know I would

oh biittchha at this age even you get girl its big thing,normally  woman at this age gets #$%$ child

the royals  cleaned her up nicely with a fake nose and every thing.    she stalked williafrm too get him she followed him every where.  he had few other girlfreinds before her. some how she won too marry him. i wonder how she did it??...after the royals cleaned her up and made her get a face job...witch she did not need in the first place..

There are so many pregnant women out there working all the way until delivery to support themselves. While all she does is sleep, eat and get entertained on the taxpayers' expense, and everybody is amuzed on how classy she is and how great she looks. Sorry, but I have way more respect for women who actually DO something useful other than being pregnant and showing off all day long.There are so many pregnant women out there working all the way until delivery to support themselves. While all she does is sleep, eat and get entertained on the taxpayers' expense, and everybody is amuzed on how classy she is and how great she looks. Sorry, but I have way more respect for women who actually DO something useful other than being pregnant and showing off all day long.

I hope she has a two headed chimera. Now THAT would be worthy news.

I'd like to have a Honda Motorsickle if the nasty ho can deal with the handlebars.

gawd she's cute.

The Queen wants a  hermaphrodite.

I'm hoping for a Cousin Itt!

looking at her in multiple photos,now I see exactly why that artist had such a hard time painting her portrait,shes very plain,borderline ugly,I'm not saying shes ugly right now,just give her another 10 years

I really don't think she is that pretty..... but hey, we all fall in love!!good luck with the baby!

Way to put down your child before they are born. I bet you when they grow up they will get wind of this and find out that one of you weren't happy with the results. Oh well -- your child probably won't care as they will likely be raised by like a dozen or two nannies with a rich snob attitude that befits the royal family.  It's sad to see that this will likely be the outcome of the child, hopefully it's not the case.

Just another welfare queen.She is too cute for words! Even when her foot is getting stuck, she laughs! And her loving and attentive Prince? Sigh...Really love this couple! Wish them all the best! A real love match. Hope the baby is born healthy. That it will be loved, regardless of it's sex? No doubt.

Don't worry, dear; you've got at least 10 good years (it's important that Mom and Dad be healthy); so if you crank one out every year you'll land an heir and a spare.  Just like Lady Diana Spencer.  Considering how William's mother was murdered after taking control of her life, Kate had better watch every step she takes.  It makes me sick how the Royal Family used her even while her husband was carrying on with horse-faced Camilla.  Here's a hint, Kate; don't ride in the back seat of a Mercedes if your MIL is mad at you.

And I hope yahoo stops reporting this. Does anyone care?

What a lucky baby...boy or girl..to have William and Kate as parents !!!! They are delightful !

Who cares?????? As if she's the first woman in the world to have a baby!!!!! Thanks to her 2 children lost their mom!!!

hahahahaha, Prince William is wearing spurs. looks like a fool.

Does she know who the father is?

wouldn't it be funny if she had a two headed baby?.....

The only member of the distaff side of the royal family who had any kind of sex appeal was Queen Elizabeth ll. She was sizzling in her time.

This title doesn't make any sense... who wants to have a girl?  China, can I get a #$%$ #$%$?!?!?  ha ha!who cares

She looks wonderful. I'm sure they will be pleased no matter what.

Why couldn't these two be in the White House right now? Clean, proper, polite, knowledgeable and a pleasure to see and hear.

I hope the baby is Asian

Her heal became stuck in a drainage grille.  How dreadful!

Ooohhh the bleeding English royals. Come over from Germany and call themselves English. Give me a break. They want to do something great they could give us our on parliament so we could government ourselves. I think after 800 yrs of occupation, enough is enough. Wales should be free, just like Ireland and Scotland. You people in America ran them out why not help us do the same.

As they say, as long as it isn't a Camilla clone.

How many times are you going to tell us this???????????????????

Boy or girl, wish he/she'll have a proper education, to be really useful, and not only to shine in tabloids.

this is not news , we here in the USA do not care about the so called Royals ! ! , 1984 = 1776I am hoping both Kate and William go away.

Queen Elizabeth will outlive charles, maybe William - which will make this kid the next royal to sit on the throne.    It would be nice to see the next heir be a male.    Males rule with objectivity and don't have all those irrational female stages with which to contend.

this is a precious couple. i wish them the best.

Getting closer!  Finally they called her Duchess.....then the former Kate Middleton....getting there Yahoo.....

I hope its a Girl !          We have been moving and are entering  into a 'Woman's World' which I have no problem with and am hopeing might start us on another course away from this self-destructive path we are on.

who cares, how is this news? Oh ya, Obama is still holding the president seat.

Their relationship looks so boring...

Who gives a rats #$%$????

who cares!?

Oh My goodness, 1-million dollar pair of English earned shoes, ah let the other side pay for it,she really does take a dump like you n muahope its white

How come all you yanks are closet royals?  I think a republic is a great idea; do you want to come over and finish the job?

WHO THE HELL CARES!

So... if she wants a boy and he wants a girl.... the baby will turn out gay? Well whatever the gender of the baby is, I know it's gonna be a cute kid!

Why in the world would she wear heels 4-1/2 inches high while she's pregnant?  Such a dumb thing to do.

She has more sense than him! Boys become kings and girls queens, so your saying you would rather have a queen than a king??

She will have a boy if he beat it up right

I wish America had royalty, instead of lame celebrities.

she looks quite skinny for being 5 months pregnant o.o

Cum over to states my lil kate and we can try for kids all day &amp; night  even though I'm sniped.....heee heeeHow lucky they were to have known each other at school, and for several years, before becoming engaged and married.  Too many people rush into marriage and don't know a THING about each other.  She is looking much more healthy now the doctor has put her on a higher calorie count! Lovely couple. I know Diana is "looking down" and is proud.

Ok, this is probably the fifth story about her and the baby in the last couple months....I am excited for them but how many more stories are to come about someone not even in America?!

So beautiful to see the royal family have such humble personalities. I feel William wants the baby to be a girl, so he can name her after his mother. Diana Katherine Elizabeth sounds regal for a little princess! God save the queen.

I hope its a girl.Wishing the mother to be strength during and after pregnancy.

5 months and still does not know the sex of the child ... Says a lot about the " Royal We-We".

The child will be born with ambiguous genitalia, and an arm sticking out the middle of its head.

what fruitcake wears high heels when pregnant? dumb.

whoooooooooooo carrreeeessssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Do you think it's shaved down there?

I hope the people of England rise up against these despots. Freedom is priceless but worth every penny.If she's really telling the truth, then the teddy bear really is for her dog, but she thought better of telling that to the person who gave it to her.

The DUCHESS OF CAMBRIDGE is such a well groomed, charming Lady. There is someone who lives in OUR White House who would do well to take a few lessons from The Duchess.May GOD Bless you with a healthy, intelligent child.

What a treat to have such a beautiful couple on our planet !

Who cares

How long til those street walker shoes go out of style.......

Why does something tell me her husband is Gay!?!?

HER CHILD WILL BE A MONGOLOID CHILD !!!

"my shoe"...

Boys its to carry the name

Who cares? But have you noticed the souless eyes these folks have? YIKES....PeaceWearing heels that high might not be the best thing when you're pregnant, Duchess.  Other than that, you look positively fabulous!

She looks like an old woman.

OMG! thanks yahoo for keeping me informed. Now I can continue my day ....

and how can a 40 yr old MAN have kids??!?!

get rid of those high heels while you a pregnant girl

I hope she doesn't end up like Princess Diana who was so classy and elegant when she first appeared and then was photographed mostly nude with another man. I was embarrassed for the Royal Family.

i can see all the paternalistic sexists in the backwaters of India nodding their heads in approval, tsk tsk...

another lucky human being coming to this world everything paid ...set for life on the expense of the people of Britain .

she looks beautiful!

God ,, That woman is eazy on the eye's .a black boy

I'd do her

I want to impregnate Pippa the royal hiney she is shagalicious

All human beings are equal. Get over with this royal stuff. There are millions of births everyday, They are not any special.

these people are freakin nuts ...who cares ...you people should get a life ... one here at home ...you guys forget his family has a history of incest .the queens uncle had kids with his other niece , oh lets think there so cool . and were criminals selling illegal booze with john kennedy's father during prohibition .... there not special    get real ....so stupid ...and there people have bad teeth and look funny too .

Uh....who cares?

She wants a boy so she can't stop being used like a broodmare used for breeding to get a future king.  It has to be so degrading to be used like a dog for breeding.  I guess many of  us has "jobs" that are less then appealing.

The male heir to the British crown is never a man........its always a boy

She is not aging gracefully...that painting was spot on and that's why everyone was so offended...she looks well in her forties...imagine when she actually gets there...?? Oh, and it's a girl...

Im going to thumbs down everyone comment cause this Royalty family are phonieswhy do some people have lives like these people, while other people are born, live, and die in a dump on the outskirts of sao paolo, marking it as a good day if they find a crusty piece of bread, or a moldy yogurt cup so they can live another day?

Bet they have a boy. AI. That queen ain't gonna let her have a girl.

If you want a definition of beauty...look at her...beauty, class and grace...

lol  they gonna get the boy.! Thats  how the deal was made when she got the spern from the donor

Since Welfare is paying for it, what's the difference?

What would happen if she gave birth to Siamese (conjoined) twins?

It'll be a lizard baby!

I hope to stop hearing about the "Royal couple".

Wishing the whole family a special Birthday. God bless them all.

Whether it is a boy or girl I am sure it will be a beautiful baby.  I am glad that there is no pressure to have a boy.  A girl could easily be the queen.  Elizabeth has proven that.  I can't believe how people have the baby named for them already.Much good prayers wishes 4 the best of everything their way. This generation of royals do some work instead of just collecting their commoners money along with their awesome happy generous personalities which is the icing on the cake that makes the idea of royalty tolerable 4 me.I have never liked how previous generations have 100% lived off their people. William and Kate look so HAPPY. I know that all Diana wanted  2 leave as a legacy was that her 2 sons know who they r beside their role as royalty.  I believe Will Kate Harry r making their best efforts 2 honor that.

I love her so much! Don't you just love her.

aweee I love her so much!!! She is just sooooo humanly and regardless of how famous and obsessed people are with her life (like me haha) she stays true to herself!!! =D I want to see a little mini Princess running around the palace too just like William haha :)

don't like this hair do!

boy or girl, that baby is gonna be 12 feet tall

What if the little guy turns out to be gay or the little girl lesbian...then what...?? Does the world get to see them or better yet, interview them...?? I doubt it...!!

40 years and she will look like Barbara Bush... and that is scary...

Bless her she five months pregnant and strutting around in high heels. XD she's not going to want to do that when she 7-9 months

This way one of them is sure to be disappointed in the gender of their child....what will their child think as a result? Can't they just simply keep it classy and not describe the gender they desire, their wish is simply for a healthy happy child?

Well she is having a girl since that was already revealed previously.As everyone else has said hope the baby's healthy. Btw, walking with heels during pregnancy? Brutal... But she does look lovely and very classy :)

Nobody cares.

Shocking, better hope your kid is healthy, either way its a blessing

Luckiest woman in the WORLD!! Has a husband who loves her and an endless bank account!

Lier, lier pants on fire, switch that around for the truth, she wants a girl, he wants a boy. Just feeding each others royal ego.

Hope she does'nt wander off and bang some other guy like Diana.

that happened toe too but no pictures  wasever published about  it why ???????????

It needs to be a boy.  Men are the leaders of the world.  Women are put here to bear children, make sandwiches and get beer....And hummers at halftime.

I hope a daughter would reflect her Grandmother's name....Diana.  She would be so proud of them both.  Very classy!!!!

This couple are one of the best couples ever in england.And she still doesn't look pregnant?

And Americans adoor the likes of snookie, manaj and lohan yeck. The Duchess is an amazing woman on so many levels. All the best to her, Prince William and the new baby.

Where's the dog?

IT'S CATHERINE!!! No longer KATE Middleton!!

I agree with Leigh! As long as it's a healthy baby. Kate wants a girl and William wants a boy. Just please let it a surprise and healthy.

I hope it is twins! lol

who cares  what ever vomits from her womb does not pay my rent

So what type of power do these people hold again??

Salam

Not much sense in being a king or queen if you have no powerGod bless the two , to be ONE.

yup she's having a girl... just tell queeny and get over it....

Yeah, Duchess...please keep promoting sexism! Why don't you move to a country that openly encourages you to abort after learning it's a girl?? SUCK IT!

That's what the inbreds need another #$%$ in line for the king.

How can a woman your age not know the sex and become pregnant?

I'd rather have a boy than a girl too.  Don't want to spend a small fortune on shoes and deal with boys.

hopefully then the kid is a hermaphrodite so both of them can be happy

What kind of fool cares about this silly woman?

Right... every pregnant women getting regular care a pregnancy has ultra sounds routinely. But for some reason the Duchess and Duke of York look away. PHH

They are just adorable, l wish them the very best.All that tall British manhood standing about, and she has to stoop to the cold damp pavement to pull her own heel out of the grate?

She is such a beautiful girl.  I just love how photogenic she is, and she seems to be down-to-earth, while maintaining poise and courteousness.  Just one thing-------Please, please be careful Dutchess with those high heels while you are expecting.  I  worry when I see young women who are expecting or carrying a young child/toddler around.  How easy to lose your balance and have a major mishap.

Who cares

almost seven years on April 29, 2006 i met my future husband.. we celebrated our wedding on April 29, 2012.. this will be our first anniversary as husband and wife and our seventh being in love.. April 29th is a very special day for us and i am very proud to share the same anniversary as Kate and William

She seems like such a class act, and to even laugh at herself while her shoe got stuck is kinda endearing. Hope she starts wearing more sensibly stylish flats, in lieu of heels at this stage of her pregnancy. Pretty soon her center of gravity will shift, and she won't look so graceful trying to unstick a heel from a grate. Best of health to her and the newest royal.

The prince should stop her from wearing heels while she is pregnant, not good for her in case of stupid mishaps like this one and also not good for her feet and legs during pregnancy, causes leg cramps.

I think it is a very dangerus to wear heels when you are pregnant.

Congratulations!   Finally, she is called the Duchess of Cambridge and the former Kate Middleton.  At last showing a little class and I hope it continues.    Thank you.

She's looking OLDER AND OLDER every few months....this princess gig must be stressing her OUT

Congradulations to the Dutchess of Cambridge an Prince William on the soon to be new arrival. Enjoy!Here's hoping for a "Hermaphrodite", Hip Hip Hooooorayyyyyyyyy!!!!!

they should pick the babys name by if its a girl a combination of williams and her moms name and if its a boy they should name it a combination of the boys name

In this day and age, who cares if it is a girl or boy?  I am sick of all the sexist attitudes.

She also looks EXHAUSTED!! Poor thing must've known how Mary felt . . .  carrying a future King/Queen. lol!!!

I can't get past the fact that she has a body that rivals Olive Oyle's. Such a stick woman....YUCK!!

Me alegro mucho por ambos, no importa si es nena o varon, solo que sea saludable, aunque espero que sea nena la nombren Diana.

So, I guess the media is trying to cover up her disclosure that she is going to have a d....... and not a s.....?

Who gives a #$%$?

It is a shame we live in a world that values the life of a male child over a female child. I wonder when that will change.

i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat poop i eat pThe child will be defected. the child will be defected. the child will be defected. the child will be defected. the child will be defected. the child will be defected.

This confusion could result in an identity sex crisis/ambivalence in the child!

She already accidentally blurted about a girl a couple weeks ago

I just love this couple. I wish them a lifetime of love, health and happiness.

I am an American.

yes they are adorable.... so wonderful. Yet I refuse to acknowledge anyone as being royalty. Sorry Kate.

The price is wearing spurs. Was this part of the "conception" attire?

"The Duchess", the "former Kate Middleton".....yes, finally!!  Yes, her name changed when she got married.

keep feeding that baby william

Like most people on here I'm hoping they have a healthy baby.keep feeding that baby william

Like most people on here I'm hoping they have a healthy baby.

5 month and she dont now, i thing girl

Ohhhhh, I'm soooo excited Ms.Duchess whether you'll have a boy or girl! WHAT A HUGE SECRET!! Let's bet on it!! I can't sleep anymore until you're giving birth to find out the sex of the baby. Definitely this extremely important knowledge will make my life much-much better, I won't have any problem anymore...!!

I don't think it's a good idea to say publicly what your hopes are.  After the baby's born, one of them will not get their "wish".  Down the line, as the child grows, there it is in black and white ... oh this parents wanted a boy or girl.  Hope they're not too disappointed.

And most of America just wants to STOP hearing about this kid like it's the SECOND  COMING!!!

I just want one night with Harry.

Very classy lady.

She is so beautiful and classy!

I had sex once, I was terrible at it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"I don't really care what sex it is, as long as the baby can wear a funny hat."

I thought it was a new way to curtsy........until I finished reading and realized her heel was stuck.

Why isn't Prince William helping her?  She is an absolute sweetheart.

Classy couple!  Hope they have a healthy baby no matter if the baby is a boy or a girl!

She hoping for a boy he a girl keeps things balanced, I am sure as most parents do, for a healthy baby above all else... but we can speculate...

May God bless this child( for the world it's a royal baby but for God it's one of his little angles).If it's a boy or a girl it's going to have a lot of challenges ahead, but I'm sure it will have all the help there is to give to this little creture from his lovely parents.May God watch over them as well.

They must invite me for the naming ceremony. I would like to dine with the couple. If the baby comes as a girl, she must be named, "Diana".

especially 4-5 inch heels~

What if the child is a girl?...think how she'll feel growing up knowing her mother wanted a boy.  Please...let the child be healthy with 10 fingers and 10 toes...it's a blessing.

Fear not, England! Rest assured that, whatever the sex, the newborn baby will look like Winston Churchill.HAAAA HA, one of her heels got stuck.What a FOOL! I hate her now.

Everyone wants boys.  They are nicer,  easier and harder working.  Definitely easier to be parents of boys.

She has a weight obsession, keep covering her belly as if it is something wrong. Well there suppose to be a differences when you are pregnant and when you r not!I liked Dianna more because she was 'original'. Kate acts and tries to be another Dianna!

Every queen in Brit history wanted a boy... Some kings beheaded the queen if they couldn't squeeze out a male heir... Look at Henry the 8th...

What a bunch of #$%$. Why the hell does this even matter?

I think she wants it to be a boy to fulfill her comment because she don't want to have another one!!!

Why don't they know the sex?  Can't England afford sonogram machines?  Is money a problem for the royals?

Call me back Agnis my stories(soap operas)are coming on!

love them both

Kate is one beautiful women and a classic act too!sell the shoes on line donate the procedes to her favoret charity-------lol

Does anyone know where I can get the child birth pics/vid of this lady? She is a hottie and I definitely wanna see what she has going on down there

She wants a boy, her husband wants a girl. Well, let give them a homosexual freak.

So happy yet another Illuminati spawn into this dead world

I PRAY that Duchess Katherine &amp; Pricce William are Blessed with a healthy bay girl &amp; name her, HRH Princess Diana, heir to the Throne! Prince William, I Pray that your wish comes true!

they are such a cute couple! &lt;3

How beautiful they are together....she  will be a beautiful queen....

I don't blame her for wanting a boy instead of a girl. She is non stop compared to Diana and I'm sure she doesn't want that thrust upon her child, plus you know "The People" would demand a daughter be named after Diana.

The way Kim Kardashian and Kate Middleton got famous....is there really a difference?

What exactly have any of the 'royals' done to deserve all the attention?  Since when is being born to a certain parent make you  better than anyone else?I am hoping for a black baby.Keep bowing Fa-ots.

I'm so very tired of hearing " I hope it's a boy" What the hell is wrong with having a girl first? 2013 and women are still considered less than, how sad.

Who cares?

are they still here this news is old time to move on

I'm just glad the British Royal Family is marrying commoners from their own respective nation. All that royal "blue blood" has become horribly inbred over the centuries.

3 men around her and not one of them trying to help her?! Come on now, she is 5 months pregnant and probably the next Queen!

with all the cash they scam out of  their stupid "subjects" they can pick and choose the sex, and all the other features. lol. still has centuries of inbreeding. lol

The Hebrew Bible teaches that Christ by definition means Messiah. We are created to be (Christians) little Messiah's to this World. To help save all Humans though the name of (Jesus) Yahoshua Messiah is YHWH. You must believe that (GOD) Elohim raised Yahoshua from the Dead. Those who call upon the name of (YHWH) Yahoshua (Jesus) shall be saved.

well that seems kinda backwards he wants a girl she wants a boy? doesn't the father want a boy and the mother want a girl?

So does she take it in the rear for a beer?sheer up ol boy, its a girl or a boy, ok, another bliamy mouth to feed.long live the queen, can u imagine if I had a pair of her panties new or used, one from 1930,40,50,60,70,80,90 and of course the year the earth stood still (2000) man EBAY

maybe a hermaphrodite then both would be happy right?

Why would sh put a SPRING on the dog?? Was it a springer spaniel???

With all the coverage of this girl pregancy I hope they show the birth as well

another bottom feeder in this world , that's all we need .

BFD

Maybe it will be compromise like hermaphrodite or twins.

the main thing is the baby is healthy. But  I hope she has a girl. A little princess.

Are they going to have a DNA test to prove it's Willie's? General concensus is that he's not man enough to make a baby.

I dont like babies when they're first born,they always take dumps in their diapers then sit on it,man does it reekI wish her husband wld of kneeled down to release her trapped shoe.  She is carrying his child and he is suppose to be her prince!

she is not really royality,the person on the throne right now is not even the one who has the most claim.if you check the family tree you would find out there are several people who have a better claim.a couple are here in america.they were sent here by the royal family when we were a colony so that they could not lay claim to the throne.

She needs much higher,at least 15" shoe-heels,so that she could be a real representative   of the totally perverted "Buckingham Palace Zoo" population, and attracting as many    visitors as possible every day of the year.

I am very very happy for Wills and Kate, some people were made for each other!  Eat your heart out girls who were after Wills.  Well, there's still Harry.  I am also excited for their forth-coming bundle of joy.  Doesn't matter if it is a boy or girl, (hope it's a boy to carry on the line), but, I know whatever the baby is, it will be loved, well taken care of, and brought up in a Christian environment!

Lie she knows what she is having .

This woman will be a credit to England.  She has beauty, grace and charm.

Wow fascinating. Clearly that marriage is over.

who cares? 1776 settled this issue! people should be more concerned about their relationship with the real King Jesus!

She's doing damage control,   she knows the sex, and slipped about it.   It's not that important, especially if they follow in the great grandparents' footsteps and have two girls.   An heir and a spare, or a queen who will see the next century, and a drunken divorcee' sister.

People's infatuation with royal pomp and circumstance when it is simply a figurehead rather than a ruling monarchy is pure stupidity.Didn't they post an article a couple of week ago saying Kate slipped and took a bear from a lady--saying,"I take that for my d-- (aughter)? Now we have an article that says kate doesn't know? What gives?

just before I looked at the bank draft ov $6355, I didnt believe that...my... mother in law woz like realy making money parttime at there computar.. there friend brother has done this 4 only about eighteen months and just now paid for the mortgage on there cottage and purchased a gorgeous Mercedes-Benz S-class. read more at, buzz45.comONLY

Slow news day! Who cares about these parasites!

she has learned so much class, how swift she can lift her shoe out of the gutter,oh my bad judgement, class is born not learned.ooop, so much for pomp and circustance

Manhating feminists do not like her because she is hoping for an icky, future rapist boy.

I thought that she was smarter than that. Instead of wishing for a boy, her comment should have been " I really don't care, i just hope that the baby is healthy ".

another parasite!

Nice that they run this on St. Patrick's Day! Maybe they should name him Slaughter, in remembrance of all the people the "Royal Family" SLAUGHTERED, ENSLAVED, AND OUTRIGHT MURDERED TO GET THEIR FORTUNE!! ESPECIALLY THE IRISH, WHOM THEY STILL ROUTINELY MURDER ON THEIR HOME SOIL!!! DEATH TO THE TRAPPINGS OF TYRANNY AND THE MONARCHY! Hey these people make Marie Antoinette look like Mother Teresa! Only stupid people admire these people! "Those who learn nothing from history, are doomed to repeat it!"

If she is hoping for a boy, then it is a boy, period.

I hate it when parents make that publicly known. The "wrong gender" kid never gets over it.Based on the sever morning sickness she experienced I'm leaning heavly towards a boy.

I hope it all goes well and the baby is healthy and strong, physically and mentally. Not always been the case in the past. But now with more common blood coming into the equation should be ok.

Oy, this kid is going to have enough problems growing up as a 'royal.'  Now he/she will know that one parent wishes he/she had been born the opposite sex!

Oh, oh, this may lead to well you know, a child with identity ambivalence.....

I wonder if her () is hairy

hello!!!!anybody hear of SONOGRAM?? im sure the QUEEN MOM wants to know. ya gotta start thinking of ROYAL names NOW!!!! however, I give props to prince "WILLIE" she is a friggin KNOCKOUT.  rank has its priveliges. SCENE: marry me and your troubles will be over. just be beautiful and act like a civilized society should. Approachable, respectful, not a care in the world. MONARCHY has been around for ages. I bet they get down and dirty like most couples do in private. if I was WILLIE I would.

I hope it's a girl so she can be treated like #$%$ for being such a disappointment to her mother.

down with royals

That naion would do well to BURN the MonarchyBritish ROyalty is a CANCER to that nation

why do people insist on caring about these useless leeches? never ceases to amaze!!!And the Queen prefers a he/she.

Who the hell cares??????

OK yahoo. enough of this stuff. I need real stories now! Focused on this family that spent millions on a wedding while the rest of the country can not find jobs!

As Kate wishes for a boy, I wish for her to have a miscarriage

Kate's delicious boobs should be getting plump and succulant about now.

Get a JOB Lazy Freeloading skag

If its a boy...It won't be the Only QUEEN in that family

I'll bet the kid comes out with nappy hair and black as the ace of spades

she needs to sniff more on her hubby's balls and underneath his balls...  I can imagine her ... duchess or not, she still have to smell men's balls and occasionally perform obscene s e x u al acts such as b * o w j * b s to satisfy her hubby, one of prince Charles's progenitures...

What a boring, brainless, twit she is...not worth more than a dog turd.I hope she has Siamese twins.  Now...who gets the throne?

I was hoping for Duchess potatoes.

When asked what he preferred Prince William said, " I want a white one."

Better hope it doesn't pop out looking like Alfred E Newman....I mean Prince Charles. Just sayin...

Thank you Princess Diana. Because you breathed fresh air into the Royals, William and Harry turned out to be sons all of Britain and the world are proud of. William in turn has married a wonderful "commoner". Again, new blood to be proud of. I'm certain their child will be brought up to respect all.

i hope its a miscarriage

I t's gonna be funny if that kid comes out looking like Dennis Rodman!!!

Guaranteed their kid will be an inbred twit. Worse yet, he or she will never work a day in their life supported by the hard work of the British people. What a fuss over NOTHING.

so theyre both pedos?

I bet her punani tastes like roast chicken dipped in sweet and sour sauceI bet her punani tastes like roast chicken dipped in sweet and sour sauce

Me I could give a #$%$ what the Royal parasites have but it's ironic that I gave birth to a Royal just this morning and I just flushed it.

Is Harry in line for the throne when he's not really Charles' son?  DNA tests needed to prove it.

British blood suckers living on other nation's stolen wealth.

WHO CARES WHAT SHE IS HAVING.

Silly limies

she got the baby bump.......bump bump.............

She's not a royal - I don't think it's a foregone conclusion William will be king or she will be queen.

screw the brits and their royalty !!

Either way, it'll be a reptilian hybrid.what a class act..love her

Doth mine eyes deceive me, or did they just call the Duchess by her proper name?? Thank goodness. She's been married for a while people, lol.

I never tire of reading about these two.  Absolutely love them.

I just love her. She is such a class act.

i see alot of who care comments...but if they didn't care why spend time commenting duh,.....as for king or prince or even a commoner i hope everyone has a healthy baby

Nice to see people of culture and taste procreating, rather than the breeding, classless mongrels of the Kartrashian and Snooki tribes

Call her/them what you will.  I, personally think she makes a very pretty pregnant woman.

its a sprig not a spring..... gosh

Yesterday Yahoo reported it was a girl and gave the name??????

Although she is a Duchess...Catherine always seems to have the look and poise of a royal princess. England should be very proud of her !  some how USA gets stuck with Lindsay , K clan and pop star drug addictsWilliam would love to honor his mother and have Diana in his lil girls name, her sons are awesome.  Miss you Diana

Picking sexes isn't the smartest thing to do. Better just wish it's a very healthy happy baby regardless what sex.

Thats why pregnant women shouldnt wear high heels.

I wish them the best. And, I just love it that "she"chose to get her heal unstuck from the drainage gate &amp; didn't make a big deal, or ask someone else to assist. Yes, I agree with @ Jane - she is just a real "class act". :)

What a gracious and classy woman she is, and she is respecting and protecting her precious pregnancy rather than throwing her belly in everyone's face.  So-called American celebrities could learn so much from her and should feel embarrassed for the horrible examples of women they portray for our young daughters.  We need more Kates.  I hope Kate and Wills are forever happy in their story-book life.

Nice to see awkward things like having a shoe stuck in a grate happen to literally everyone! :)

Yahoo blows with misinformation.  Yesterday, they said Kate was having a girl and even told us the name that was chosen.  It's apparent the royal couple either don't want the public to know, or choose not to know on their own, because definitely an ultrasound would tell.  What's with the proof reading on Yahoo...she "pinned a spring on the dog"...wow I bet that made him really jumpy.

I wish we in America had someone like Kate as an example to young women. Who are our role models? The Kardashian girls? Pathetic!

I think PrinceWilliam gonna get his baby girl after all.

Either one or the other. Who cares!There is nothing wrong with expressing a preference. Another commenter (Runa) stated that its possible to have a preference without being disappointed, and that's absolutely right. Their honesty is actually refreshing. I'm sure they will regard the child as a blessing whatever it's gender.

She sure a class act compared to Michelle.

Whooooo good to see you addressing her correctly

She is such a lady. I love her choice of clothing and her style. She dresses with such grace and with such ladyness if there is such a word. She doesn't expose herself like the stars of hollywood. She is very much a role model for little girls showing them what is to be a LADY

She wants a boy. He wants a girl. And America wants the deficit to be cut.

At least she dresses conservatively.

High heels not always good for pregnancy.  Take them off.

She is so beautiful!!!

Five months pregnant, still maintaining her elegance. Diana would be so proud!

They make a great couple and whats more important, everytime you see them in public, they are smiling and happy..not that phony for the press smiling it up, but genuine Happiness there! Kate and William were made for each other!Memo to Charles: Please abdicate. Thanks.

Had 6...never cared about the gender, just wanted a healthy baby. They were all royal to me.

It's nice to know this child is wanted and loved.

lol i'm impressed that she can wear heels while pregnant. i couldn't, my sense of balance was too screwed up.

what can I say .. that others in this column didn't say.. Good luck to the parents to be and may you have a healthy baby !

Could you imagine us having a First Lady that dressed, and had her manners?   Boy, did we get the short end of the stick.  Not since Jackie O.   - and before you liberals get your panties in a wad, remember she was a democrat .... but with grace and class.

Kate is quite a looker, isn't she?

I am so happy for Prince William and Kate. He deserves all the happiness in the world after losing his mum Princess Diana so young. Diana would have loved that he married a commoner. Plus Kate seems like a wonderful person. She reminds me so much of Diana she really does. I think they are a true love match like Queen Elizabeth and Prince Phillip. Much love, and Happiness to them all.

I like her.

They are a gracious an adorable couple. Love Duchess Kate's warm smile, and Prince William's dashing looks. Regardless if the baby is a boy or a girl, may all go well and the newborn be healthy. God Bless and before we know it, the world will have another new royal baby to follow in the years ahead. :)Who doesnt love this couple? They are so elegant, always smiling. I wish them and their family the best and hope their baby is healthy no matter what the gender is.

I hope for her a healthy baby whether it be girl or boy and I hope the press doesnt bother her too much at this time.

Third in line to the throne? Let's see, Charles, William, Henry, the baby. That makes four. I guess they've probably given up on the long suffering Charles ever ascending to the throne.

I'm digging those spurs!

Thumbs up. AP! Finally someone uses her proper title"Duchess." However, I might addyou could add the HRH, the Duchess of Cambridge. But you were close.

So classy...just love her!!

She is beautiful .  The ultimate quality of her wardrobe is a  lesson in  design and materials.  So sad that the cheap synthetics available to most of us have no construction and look like puddles of plastic wrap that clings to the body.  If your body isn't perfect, they look gross and if your body is perfect they look obscene.

i hpoe its a little girl as sweet and beautiful as her mother, a real class act.and notice allways has that beautiful big smile.

This couple is so cute.  I just hope whatever they have is healthy!

How nice that the expectant couple is married for a change.  Just about everyone you read about nowdays gives birth to illegitimate babies.Can William and Kate move into The White House?

Isn't it amazing that Americans idolize the Kartrashians and the new trash about to be born,  but in England they still know who is a class act! I think I will move there!

Hey good lookin, whatcha got cookin? William has to be proud.

What are you going to name him.

Good gravy Batman! That soldier in the first picture has more chins than a Chinese phone book! Fatty Brits indeed!

I'd love to see Kate and William have a little girl... and that she had red hair and a fiery spirit (although maybe not as fiery) like Harry. Whatever they have, they'll be wonderful parents.

she is such a class act  you just want the best for both of them

This stupid #$%$ will never go away,so sick of seeing all these stupid people all the time....next please!!

Im with her- mom's preference should always be valued more including naming the baby, since the mom goes through 9 months of discomfort and labor- besides England NEEDS a future king

why is she wearing high heels at 5 months pregnant is beyond me"Kate suffered a minor mishap as one of her high heels became briefly stuck in a drainage grille.The duchess leaned on her husband as she wrenched it loose".......huh?????

Now she hopes for a boy?!I read the other day that it is a girl and that she will name her Elizabeth Diana something after queen and princess Di and her own mother!

i hope it twins

They smile all the time....it's beautiful to see them so happy.

even smiling with her shoe stuck. what a lovely lady

that "S    one TWISTY!!!!!!!!!

blessing gud wishes pure feeling

who gives a #$%$ my neighbor is having a baby, i dont see anybody making a big deal ou of it....who gave these people the right to rule, GOD...the same GOD we believe in just decided to give them all the wealth of the land and rule over the rest of humanity....I DONT THINK SO! i salute to no man or bend my knee for that matter...when it all comes to an end i will be at the line with a bible and guns...I like to be prepared.

The Duchess could teach that Kardashian girl a thing or two how to be stylish and graceful in pregnancy.  She is a jewel in the monarchy's crown.

Men want baby girls , women want baby boys...battle of the sexesShe does know. Why the big mystery?

Surely the scans will reveal the gender?

If it's a girl, hope she honors Dianna.  To hades with Prince toad Charles.

and the "baby bump".... heheh

Best of luck to Duchess Kate &amp; Prince William! Their baby, regardless of its gender, is guaranteed to inherit his/ her parent's fortunate genetic make-up! ;)

twins????1 boy 1 girl???????????????????

I thought they already named the baby Elizabeth Diana..?

is......... that a SPUR on william's heeL?????

Indeed, very graceful! May God bless her with a lovely and adorable child (whatever sex).

could she be any more scrutinized?Thank G-d, no one said "baby bump"!

What is wrong with men these days, they are all just standing around when they could have helped her. GUYS REALLY CAN YOU PLEASE GROW UP!!!!!!! I am predicting a girl if she can bend over like that at 5 months. God Bless them I am so happy for her to be able to bring a child into this world. With this economy many women wil never get a chance to be married and have a child. Raising children for me was more challenging and brought more joy in my life than any career or job ever brought.

I wanted for my first to be a son... It did not have any other meaning than wanting an older brother for any sisters... The word healthy shouldn't have space for a comment in the wish of a mother's desire for the first born to be a son...

That's just like something confusing, cause u have to accept if god gives u a boy or a girl, but prince Williams wants a girl, and Kate wants a girl.What would happen if Kate has a boy, Williams is going to react surprise or there would be a problem , or if Kate has a girl how would Kate react. u get me guys ight? lmfao!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Hello commoners............thanks for calling me classy....lol

Those are kind of high heels for a 5 month pregnant mom to wear. All those males around and she had to bend to release her shoe. Oh well!

Wouldn't a HEALTHY child be MUCH MORE IMPORTANT then a specific gender,irregardless if one is a 'royal' or not?

come on now, we know your baby has been genetically modified.

"The duchess leaned on her husband as she wrenched it loose" Now that's news!Never leave home without him.

Oh my god. Who CARES. The EU is confiscating money from their citizens' bank accounts but all Yahoo! can do is report on some rich white woman's kid? Really?!She always smiles.We love her.

They know the sex and they want to keep it to themselves and that is A OK

Id hate to be their child and read this article and know you were not the preferred sex to one of the parents - classless move...

She's not pregnant with a baby. She pregant with goo that is going to be a useless eater living off of others. As it's parent's does and relatives. They get a BIG welfare check while their people that has ran out of healthcare funds are starving to death. (which was the advice from the American Gov't.) The royal bloods have been incest for quite a while. This goo is going to grow up to be one evil individual mess! Remember 'Wrong Turn'. You peple are such cows.... mooooo follow the herd!!!!!!!!!

Hey Kate WHAT happened TO YOUR NURSE!??! Why did she turn up dead, one day after a prank phone call from an aussie DJ???? MORE MURDER in the "royal" family

Maybe it will be one of each! That would be a wonderful surprise.

William wants a girl - but not a baby girl - just a 18 year old swingin' hottie while the wife is knocked up and then afterwards when Kate's poonie is blown out like an overinflated inner tube that exploded.

the baby will come out looking like me

I like the fact she took the time and interest to answer this Guardman's question.  She's never forsaken her roots or her sense of humility nor has William lost his sense of duty to the nation or others. The same can be said of Harry. Don't you know that their mom would be proud of them and Kate.

The late Oliver Cromwell would treat the royalty in an appropriate  and unique way!!!abortion!

Either way the baby will be a royal pain in the #$%$!

What an archaic system.  Do absolutely nothing and become a prince.  Prince of what?  Well the same prince that someone else was born into.  And marry that prince and you become a Dutchess?  HUH???  I herby declare every American man a prince and every American woman a Dutchess.  Enjoy

The Duchess is such a delight and aren't we all so glad William chose her to be his wife?  We all wish and pray for a healthy mom and child.  Diana would be so proud and I know she is watching over her boys and now new mother to be so lovingly.

She is down to earth, and has so much grace. He's turned out to be such a fine gentlemen. Blessings to all three! &lt;3

CUTE COUPLE

As they say, as long as it is a healthy baby it doesn't matter what sex they are.

What a beauty

The fricken best couple ever

her mother n law, true mother n law, would be so proud of her. she is elegant but doesn't let her royalness go to her head. she is truely a princess.her mother n law, true mother n law, would be so proud of her. she is elegant but doesn't let her royalness go to her head. she is truely a princess.

She's one of those magic pregnant ladies.  By her appearance, it'll be not pregnant, not pregnant, not pregnant, then BAM!!, super pregnant.

I'm happy for the baby coming for the both of them and hoping for a healthy one. two great parents in moving action...

horay for kate she wore socks and id make her eat more for the sake of her kids health,i hope shes not against having breasts.:(

I'm sure you would love both. I think parents like you would not care either way. Boy or Girl, as long as the child is healthy.

Best wishes.  I love reading about them as much as I did his Mum Diana!

And here's a partial score...Stanford 20...

I notice they BOTH always have the sweetest smiles, like they are truely happy in their life.  That's so awesome!

Didn't she let it slip the other day that she's having a girl?? So, why would she say that she wants a boy?

I think she is a true role model. She is always so proper and sweet when I read about her or see her. She carries herself so well and doesn't get so sucked into the high life that it takes over her being. I wish them well.I'd like to see the first child be a girl......with Diana in the name......then she would one day be Queen.....and Camilla could eat sh_t.  Yes, I know there is a lot of people out there that don't have the same thoughts but at least....... I said what a lot of people are probably thinking and hoping for.

They know what sex it is, there's too much riding on this kid not to know

Every pregnant mother secretly hoping for a son. They may blush it off but we all know it is in their heads.

She gone in the head.

They'll be happy with a healthy baby---boy or girl!

can't imagine having everyone watching you and your damn heel gets stuck, she handled it as well as can be though. as expected. as for the boy thing, of course she's gonna say that. you always try to make gramma the queen happy. smart girl. ;o)

As long as the baby doesn't look like Charles, I'm cool.

lose the granny hat, Kate.

She has that pregnancy glow about her. And they make such a cute happy couple together. Just love reading and seeing photo's of them.

The Duchess of Cambridge is classy but Princess Diana evokes admiration and excitement.Just saying.She is so beautiful and classy.  she truely looks like what I thought a dutchess or a princess should.  Dianna was a becomming lady and definately a humanitarian.  But this one just seems to have a light about her that is unique.

They are obligated by tradition to want to have a boy; she is inspired by the regal history of beheadings if she fails to bear a male.

Pregnant and wearing heels...silly!

her high heel became stuck in a drainage grill.....i don't think she's supposed to be wearing tights or stockings,hi heels or fancy hats belted ,fitted coats....or to be giveing public apperances or traveling out of the country,when she is expecting a baby.her mother or her sister is supposed to be helping her with the pregnancy,or a nurse who specializes in pregnancy and care.

It does not matter, a boy or a girl, but I think she already has given away the secret, it is a girl!

I say there's a 50-50 chance she gets her wish.

hopes you will get twins but the most inportants healhty baby. it's doesnt matter girl or boy. just except a gift from god to both of you

Just Pray the baby is healthy no matter what girl of boy.

hi

I love her coat very elegant and classy.Just be sure it is of ROYAL blood. the rest as it comes.

I have had trouble for years trying to figure out what about the Royal Family in England is the big deal. We fought against the Britts to have our own country without their rule. Who really gives a rats a@# what they do. Somebody please tell me why should I care what the hell they do or what is happening in their lives. Ok she is having a child so what. I do hope it is healty not matter if boy or girl. The child will grow up to be spoiled and pampered like all kids born into great wealth. If I offended anyone with my feelings get over it.

If she is five months pregnant, she knows the sex.  My guess is she would not have said what she said if she did not know it was a boy.  I am 99.9% sure she knows, and it is a boy.  I cannot believe I just spent three minutes of my life reading this crapola and then actually commenting on it.  Oh well, I guess we all get suckered in from time to time.

If she's a princess, maybe Princess Seraph Trinity is a plausible name.Could I apply as one of her dark knights...

i love you both, Your Royal Highness Dutch and Duchess of Cambridge..No matter a boy or a girl.. only GOD knows what is best for both of you. The important thing is all of you in a best of health and spirit.. Love... Lea

i wonder what the last picture was about?????

God is funny that way,we dont get what we want no matter who we are!

God bless them with a healthy and beautiful baby.

i hope it's a boy....

This young lady oozes charisma, she is an awesome Ambassador for the country! She is down to earth, yet very classy and elegant... She brought a smile to my Irish eyes, on this otherwise dull, depressing Sunday evening!I think she's too overrated!! -___- Ain't nobody will ever be as much of a sweetheart, loving, peaceful and caring princess as Diana was! AIN'T NOBODY!!

Well if it's not a boy, I am willing to offer my seed for round 2, LoL.

I know I'll get like a million thumbs down but don't care. Look at her she is 5 month pregnant SHE IS NOT EVEN SHOWING or barely, healthy weight gain ANYONE? What ever the sex of the baby will be probably be #$%$ but then who cares, mom is, kid just will follow free loader foot steps of it's mother. Hey Kate ever held a job? Oh wait you had EVERYTHING handed to you.

The kid will be born a Knee Grow.

The baby have red hair, like the father,  Harry...

I would love to blow my load inside of her

if it a girl. the duchee will be like OMG NOOOOOO. if is boy william will be like OMG nooooooooooo. lets see what God giving them. L0L

Chinese prefer boys. British prefer boys. everyone loves boys (penetrator). L0L

hehe hehe hehe i saw her boobz hehe

it is a girl. woooooooooohoooooooooooooooo.LOLWho the eff cares? Eff all these rich, snobby, spoiled people. The workers and the 99% need to get together and overthrow these monarchs. Show them who TRULY holds the power.

wow, these Royals Lovers are brainwashed just like the NRA Gun NUTS...

She is beautiful and the perfect mate for William!

I hear she is having triplets&gt; one of each. :)

who cares about the royal family they are nothing more than rich snobs who appear at useless ceromonies and for some reason are liked by the tabloids and dont have the power or influence to close a hot dog stand they are weak