Francis is rightMany areas exist in scripture where God speaks of not wanting rituals but mercy

@ OomYaaqub, OMG.... I nearly #$%$ myself after reading your post.

Humility, mercy and forgiveness - a good start.

I'm agnostic, but Pope Francis seems to have the right idea. Show mercy, help the poor, and be humble. If these ideas were practiced by believers and non-believers alike, the world would be a much better place.

Happy St. Patrick's Day, everyone!

Yes.  It is said in the Lord's Prayer""... and forgive us our trespasses, (exactly) as we forgive those who trespass against us..."If all the people on this earth were doing that, there would never be any wars.

I'm glad the church finally has a "Peoples" Pope once again.  With all due respect to the former Pope Benedict, he wasn't a "Peoples Pope."  Pope FrancisI forgoes all the Pomp that comes with being the Pope, and chooses to remain on the same level as the people he is serving.  He's not quite a week into his Papacy and he's already making his mark and stance known to everyone.  From I've been reading, one can't help, Cathilic or non-Catholic, but like this guy.  I'm Catholic, and have not been to Mass in many years.  However, this Pope makes me want to begin attending Mass once again.

How can you not like this Pope? Simple and a straight shooter. He  Talks the Talk and also Walks the Walk. Hope he lives long and does well for us all. May God bless him in his work and endeavors.

i like this Pope!! they made a wise choice!!! what a beautiful message!

I think the global soul is getting a much needed injection of vitality.A black VW, brown shoes, plastic watch band and not a Benz, Ferragamo or Cartier.Wow he reads the Bible and practices it!

Wow people are uspet over the words of the  Bible?  What is a Catholic pope to do?  Maybe there is room for improvement.  Let's hope so.Let's see how he handles the very real pedophila problem his priesthood has. That will tell us the measure of the man better than anything.

Wonder if Islamists are listening.

Many other religious idiots and morons do not know the word "mercy". All that the do is complain and judge. It is prophetic that in this Sunday's Gospel that Jesus said "Let you who has not sinned cast the first stone" Then, those who were getting ready to stone the woman who had been living in adultry, left and dispersed until there was not one left to cast that first stone. God will always show mercy if you try to accept it.

A black plastic wrist watch. God bless him. I wonder if he'll abide by the strict security and isolation the Vatican will try to force on him. I saw Pope John Paul Ii physically push his bodyguards away once. They were leaving St. Peter's steps and the Pope wanted to walk through a huge crowd on his birthday and greet people. He lost. They put him into the Popemobile and drove him around. He didn't look happy.

Is it true that Pope Francis wears a Black Plastic Wrist Watch?  Years ago, we saw the Dali Lama in person.  He was so humble with his tattered coral-rust colored robe.  We sat 3 rows from him.  When I realized he was wearing a ROLEX watch ... it made me not be able to hear his words, for I was so wondering how the Rolex watch fit into his humble life style.

Jesus is so cool. He called a spade a spade, didn't mince words. Yet he did it with love.

Not my Pope, but I'll give him an open mind approach. Maybe he'll do some good for THAT church. God knows they certainly need it.

Wow! What a humble man! Viva Francisco!

Talk about a God send. Somehow God just has this way about letting us screw stuff up to the point that it's just about out of control and then here comes a man like no other. A man that doesn't talk of humility and sacrifice but has lived it. A man who want's us to treat each other like family because that's how he treats us. There are men that lead by words and men that lead by example and this man leads in the best of all ways by deed and example. My hope is renewed and this is a man I WANT to follow. This is a man I WANT to be like in every way possible. Thank you Father.

Many , many churches are in dire need of a new roof which they have to finance on their own. These churches are typically in poor neighborhoods and are CLOSED because the Vatican has a policy whereby each church has to sustain itself. Thus , the poor have no church or have to commute exhorbinate distances to attend services The Vatican is sitting on trillions of dollars while the poorer parishes are trying to survive on pennies..Okay Pope Francis , you "talk the talk" now lets' see you "walk the walk". You can start with St Mary's Church in Pittsburg , PA which was forced to lock its doors several years ago.I hope Pope Francesco has a very long life and that all you people who condemn him will open your eyes and beg God to forgive you your sins.

Look at the picture.......  Can you read Revelation and understand it?Revelation 1:3 Blessed is he who reads and those who hear the words of this prophecy and keep those things which are written in it; for the time is near.In February 15, 1798 Napoleon's general, Louis Alexandre Berthier, Marched into Rome. "In 1798 he (Berthier) made his entrance onto Rome, abolished the papal government and established a secular one". (The Encyclopedia Americana, 1941 edition.)The deadly wound had been inflicted."And his deadly wound was healed" Revelation 13:3On February 11, 1929, they signed the Latern Treaty, which gave the papacy the right to be a sovereign government. They were paid $3.25 million Lire for 56 years for taking over the Papal States, and were given the privilege of sending and receiving ambassadors from any country with diplomatic immunity.Reporting on signing of the document, The San Francisco Chronicle said, "The Roman Question" tonight was a thing of the past and the Vatican was at peace with Italy.Revelation 13:3 And all the world marveled and followed the beast.From a small, insignificant church, held in contempt by most nations, to one that is held in high esteem by the world. From a small membership of 1929 to over a 1.4 Billion today, with 180 ambassadors who have the ear of kings and presidents. It's counsel is sought on all major decisions, and it is looked to for leadership on political and moral issues.The FACT that they all worship the beast shows that this is a religious entity, as well as a civil one.No other power fulfills these points; the Scripture is clear and precise concerning this beast, It has led people into captivity, and has been taken into captivity itself. Though the power of the state, it had killed with the sword. And, by a civil power, it received a mortal wound.DO YOU ALL SEE THE WORLD MARVELING AFTER THE BEAST?

If I'm understanding Pope Francis right he is trying to tell people to not indulge their anger when judgements are made so the can approach problems and conflicts from a place of rational calm and empathy. There is so much unrest and internal conflict going within societies all around the world. This is not only about than the pedophile issues that he will have to address. Justice must be served but it's better done when the people conducting it are not a raging mob carrying torches and pitchforks "or as in today's world, bombs and guns" and making broad generalizations about each other. Spare the innocent, seperate the wheat from the chaff.

Where can I go to read a leading atheist message of forgiveness, mercy and tolerance for comparison?

Prayers for Francis I and for the Catholic Church.

A excellent start! The message is thoughtful &amp; true! Christ said &amp; did the same thing when He was on this earth! And He lived in a far more brutal world, then we do today! But the trapping of this world will stop many from hearing!  It seems this Pope is leading by EXAMPLE, something we ALL should do, if possible!

Saint Francis of Assisi was not only the patron Saint of the poor but of the environment and animals.

you know if you can find two or three character witnesses it goes a long way toward making a reasonable defense; be good and kind to strangers and they will repay you in your hour of testing.

My 'Mercy' wallet is all tapped out...

Forgiveness does not equate to not being punished.I don't believe in any religion but the message is true and wise. Why can't everyone think like this. I hope the catholic church stays strong because they spread good morals and make us treat each other with respect.

Im a non believer, but i sure do like this guy!!!! He will be good to renergize the catholics for a positive way. (let me be clear, im a non believer,not an atheist,i do not want to be associated with any group of people,some athiest to stupid things, i celebrate christmas and easter as a american tradition with my family with no religion involved)

I went to church today and caught where they changed the reference to "Benedict our pope" to say "Francis our pope" instead.

what a wonderful message...this world needs this more than anything!

The Lord's Prayer as read in the Bible is the master key to salvation One prayer says it all. If only people would think of the words in the prayer and just not rant it I think they will get the message.

Practice what you preach.

Remember this when you think someone should not get something just because their life does not match with your values. Show mercy and love to your neighbor. In the end you will do more good and reach more people with your actions then if you would have stood as a cold unbudging stone.

i truly believe in my heart and soul that Jesus IS the way the truth and the life...no other religion has his wisdom

So how was it secured when the Germans had factories and personnel in Mexico during the thirties or forties?  I already know how, my father did some basic training in Uvalde, Texas.  Of course we were on a war footing of which we are today since the formation of DHS etc.  Maybe we aren't on a war footing at all, maybe we really don't have any enemies wanting to cross our southern borders and its all a sham.  Maybe the old border patrolman that told me about it during his tenure, on a horse patrolling the Del Rio area, with a carbine and a sharp knife.  It isn't pretty, but it secured the border.  I seriously doubt conglomo and the two parties have the stomach for border enforcement, I seriously doubt they have any guts period to secure the border.  I do know the ranchers patrolled their own land without gov. authority to secure their ranches and were not prosecuted for doing so.  How things change.

I hope the enxt step is clean money, clean preists and clean houseInteresting, the Roman Church goes from Pope Nazi to Pope "Chance the gardener".

Mercy and forgiveness are integral parts of the true Christian faith, but without repentance and a change of heart that God alone initiates in the life of the sinner, transforming him into a saint by virtue of faith in Christ's substitutionary death on the cross for sin, it's all empty and vain. If I hear you confess your sin to me and tell you to do five Hail Marys and six Our Fathers, and all will be right with God, nothing could be further from the truth. Confess your sin to Christ alone. He's our Mediator between God and man, not some priest. If forgiveness is not received from Christ alone, you have a religion devoid of power. Bow the knee to Christ wherever you may be and confess your sin to Him and He will forgive you and grant you eternal life. No one else can do it for you. No one.

MERCY! A word for all of us to LIVE BY.

If I need to be a perfect person before I criticize someone, I will never criticize anyone for anything.  In fact, no other Catholic could criticize anyone else, either.  Is that what Francis wants?  If not, please provide specifics.

Showing mercy is great but we still have to turn all these sex offenders over to the police to be jailed.

Well said. As you judge so are you judged.

Most people, particularly those who despise religion as a whole, know nothing except how to throw stones and enjoy doing so.

too much mercy 's been shown to undeserving/molesting  priests already.   Its time to  send them to jail where they belong

Know what is scary?  Scary is people who would never forgive nor repent.

Maybe its time for the Catholic congregations to speak up.  If you suspect that your priest is a pedophile, speak up!  If you don't, you remind me of the Islamic congregations who fail to speak out against a Mullah who advocates Martyr Bombers.  Maybe there is no difference between religions except for the vice of choice.Mercy and empathy are for decent, healthy and civilized societies where the atrocities which are increasing yet again, globally, are proof enough that we are choosing to return to a planet of a more inexcusable and horrendous nature.

I'm not catholic, but I would love to sit and chat with this pope. He seems very down to earth and very interesting.

What a concept!  Hallelujah

Comments from the press and the public regarding our new Pope are so sad! Can they not give the man a chance before they condemn him? So many are finding ways to fault him, shame him, critisize him, and belittle him. So what do they hope to accomplish?? Such negativity accomplishes nothing! Our world needs encouragement and hope. Right now we have little of either. The Church needs guidance and direction. So let's try and give the new Pope a chance! He deserves it!

The New World Order requirers that established western institutions be dismantled.

Could it be that like JPII they actually found a man of God? Here's to hoping.

"Show mercy, don't rush to condemn, new pope urges"  No wonder he's so unpopular with Yahoo commenters.

And wer're spose to forgive the gay priest that abuse children=NOT!!! Why does the church protect them!!!

I thought he was begging for some mercy for Obama.

just how far do you expect them to bend? Mercy is given to those acts done in ignorance and accidents, not in cases akin to malice aforethought.Francis of Assisi is among us again.  Franciscans: take notice and return to your roots.  Return to the poor.  You have lost your way.  Return to the poor.  There are plenty who can take care of the middle class and the rich.  Return to the poor.

I am so very suspicious of this church and the men that rule it.  The Pope is a hand picked leader who in fact is merely a schill for the practices behind closed doors.  If this church were not the richest organization in the world I might feel differently about the behind the scenes operations, however that is not the case.  I find it difficult to understand how these men practice truth when they have shown to many times that disease is rampant amoung them regarding children and abuse they perpatrate on them and then protect the perpatrator, not the children.  And yes I am an ex Catholic.  All trust is gone.

God Bless you Francis I.

It's satisfying to see all the hate comments here.  You're exactly the people who the Pope is talking about.  Like it or not, you prove his point!  That is the satisfying part.  The more hateful people there are, the more forgivness is needed, and the more you people choose to hate, the more you demonstrate you can't or won't forgive.  Those attitudes won't solve the world's problems, but only add to them.  "Fools mock at making amends for sin, but good will is found among the upright"  (Proverbs 14:9).

Spayed...That is OLD TESTAMENT law (which Jesus came to UPHOLD, of course!), tho' the NT says to NOT be sinful, upon Adonnai's JUDGEMENT!In Mark 7: 20-23 (KJV) it says:“ And he said, That which cometh out of the man, that defileth the man. For from within, out of the heart of men, proceed evil thoughts, adulteries, sexual impurities, murders, thefts, covetousness, wickedness, deceit, lasciviousness, an evil eye, blasphemy, pride, foolishness: All these evil things come from within, and defile the man."So, Jesus calls homosexuality one of the sins of Man, but NOT for the EXECUTION of such people!Merely QUOTING a “hater” does NOT make one so! You’re WANTING for legitimate thinking skills, Spayed!

Too late!  The morally bankrupt, Godless Left have already begun their attack.The Left hates organized religion, because their God is government, and government hates competition.They claim to be 'enlightened.'  They are right, and the 6,217,133,620 people of faith on the planet are wrong.But who cares?   Dr. Rossiter M.D., of the prestigious University of Chicago, a psychiatrist with 35 years of experience, defines Liberalism as a mental disorder.“The roots of  Liberalism—and it’s associated madness—can be clearly identified by understanding how children develop from infancy to adulthood and how distorted development produces the irrational beliefs of the liberal mind.  When the modern liberal mind whines about imaginary victims, rages against imaginary villains, and seeks above all else to run the lives of persons competent to run their own lives, the neurosis of the liberal mind becomes painfully obvious.”The Liberal Mind: The Psychological Causes of Political Madness.  by Dr RossiterAvailable on Amazon.

I wish the US political leaders of the 315 million us citizens could be as efficient as the leaders of the 1.3 billion Catholics.

stick with jesus

Pope Francis appears to be a really good human being. Let's hope that this is not just propaganda.

It's not other people's failure but their love to fail, to sin and call that OK. God loves the sinner but not their sin.I am not Catholic but he seems like someone everyone can admire. His words on Humility,mercy and forgiveness are something we all need to practice daily. One of our best assets is to share our weakneses with others for Gods glory.This is the TRUE WAY TO REAL HOPE AND CHANGE!

Of course he want's the world to be more forgiving, if it were less so the Vatican would be burned to the ground and all the perverts in their long dresses and gold jewelry would be hung on every available lamp post for their crimes against humanity!

But not always?... There are people in this world that you'll need to be careful with. I'm not suggesting being crule, some are evil under their mask of kindness. Not all people should be trusted, remember we still put locks on our doors, and like to be home by 10:00 P.M.. You wouldn't leave your keys in your car so someone in need, can use it to go joy riding, right? There is a huge difference between being foolish and being kind... If I came to your  door at 3 A.M. and asked the a home cooked dinner instintly, would you be so kind? Of course not, because kindness doesn't mean being a darn fool. So there is an end to kindness for all of us, and I feel that is called commen sense. Do onto others as they would do on to you, until they prove they aren't going to, is my motto. Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me, is my motto. I'll give you the keys to my house and car, if I think you will respect that it belongs to me, and treat it accordingly.I agree we should all be kind most of the time. But by no means all of the time, because  that would be foolish of us. Some insist that such foolishness encourages evil or crimes..... I'm fairly certain that is not the popes intent, when he declairs that we should all be kind and forgiving to all others, always........

As I posted on the night of his selection -Even the Wise-Men needed a Star to light Their Way.,!!

Francis I must CONDEMN the DAILY SLAUGHTER &amp; PERSECUTION of Christians (in Iran, Nigeria, Pakistan, etc.!) by EVIL &amp; SATANIC Islam's BLOODY HAND, or he's NOT A REAL POPE!  Yes, thou faithful, pray for the REAL CHRISTIAN MARTYRS! Deus Vult!

NICE APARTMENT !!!!!     In Manhattan that would go for $8,000 a month.     Great view.

Are perpetrators ever urged to apologize for their crimes; to own up to the evil they do in depriving others of their peace of mind? Must it always be the victims who are expected to turn the other cheek? The "forgive them for they know not what they do" bit doesn't gel when someone deliberately causes harm to another and rather than bringing justice to the offender, you want the victim to grin and bear it. Even Jesus whooped the behinds of the "crooks" using the temple in Jerusalem as a market.

God balances forgiveness with judgment. You cannot have righteousness without justice for victims. You don't just preach one or the other and a great religious leader should be well aware of that. This era of humanity certainly needs to be made aware of the potential for judgment and incurring God's wrath when failing to turn from evil. Yet turn from evil and He is quick to forgive.Also, forgiveness is not about just accepting whatever someone wants to do. It's about allowing for mistakes or human nature when they are sorry and turn from evil or errant behavior.Disclaimer: I am not Catholic.

Listening to the crackpots for christ cult constantly preaching their hate is getting tiresome. They can't even own up to their own atrocities. Right not they're killing children in Nigeria for being witches. In the 1990's there were the Rwandan massacres and the war in Yugoslavia. In World War 2 there were the concentration camps. Yet these filthy people claims Muslims are barbaric. I don't see any difference.

in translation,please forget about what we do and try not to expose our sins to the world.we can cover up our own mess ? you had better hope the the real holy father( GOD) forgives u for deceiving the whole world.u can also hope people do not read the bible and history books  and sort u outWhat about the failure of the church to prosecute their child molesters.....

Heck with that,,,,walk lightly AND carry a BIG stick!!!

Sir: Try telling that to the dictators and coup-elected thugs who are at work throughout the world. To them you are irrelevant and they would savor the opportunity to make you an example by erasure.  Sorry, but that is the way it seems to be.

Still,to rape a child is a heinous crime.Forgive yes,after the rapist is sitting in a locked prison cell,forever.

"Brothers and sisters...good morning." Goes to show that a few words can make you feel good about being around people. I TOTALLY feel that we need to listen to this man - he wants to reach out to his audience to advise on how to be better people, not reach out for a pen to teach us how not to be bad Catholics. I'm listening, Francis. I'm listening.He isn't a good pope, he's a great scholar on the human condition.

An inspirational breath of fresh air!

So far he is shaping up to be better than his predecessor. Being less judgmental and condemning and more forgiving are ideas that should apply to everyone, of every faith or lack thereof.

The metaphor does not mean mercy. It means no one is pure and you should not be so quick to judge others because you are the same. No one is better than another. Sure she did this but you do this. Mercy is when you are in a position to act upon someone and chose to let it go. Same results in the end but two totally different mind sets. The first is understanding and mercy means you are right but chose to let them go.  In the first mindset mercy is not even needed. You are really teaching to judge.

People: pay attention to the story and stop attacking and scandalizing each other.

Remember when Jesus was in the temple and the Pharasees brought in a woman who was caught in adultery?  They said Moses' law required she should be stoned to death.  They asked him, "Now what do you say?"  He replied, "If any one of you is without sin, let him be the first to throw a stone at her."  Judging by all the vile comments being thrown here, I guess a lot of you never sinned.How much mercy did he give the thousands who were murdered in Argentina during the "Dirty War" He was establishment and did nothing.A Pope with blood on his hands is unacceptable. What is the Catholic church thinking? they obviously feel they can get by with anything.The sorry state is most times they do.

Some people are all to easy to condemn.  Bush, Palin, Putin, the list goes on.

Maybe the Church shouldn't rush to condemn.

Sorry Pope, but our President is a liar and a traitor to the Constitituion andourselves.

I agree, except for pedophiles.

Would someone write an article with something bad about this guy. He is really starting to get to me, I actually like him and I have little use for most mythology pushers.

Forgivness is one thing.  Repentance is another.

WHY can one not simply believe in and practice their own Faith in peace?Catholics, Islam, Mormons, Jehovah,, all "faiths" rail inhumane treatment and total control over one's spiritual and physical life, each damning the other faith as false. THis is religion ?

i can't for the life of me understand why anyone would scrape and bow to a another human being. all you catholics.......he's a man and it won't be long before we start hearing of this phoney's escapades.

Show Mercy, WHAT, just how much mercy have the molesting priest shown their victums for hundreds of years past, and continueing to Today?Molesting children isn't a failure it's a crime.When will he report the molesters in the red book on his desk for prosecution?You know the red book the last Pope was to sick to deal with so he quit the day it landed on his desk.We are talking about coviring up criminal behavior and paying billions in hush money instead of sending people to courts for criminal prosecution.

The pope is like a Mr. Rogers for the masses: "don't hurt people" .."be good to your neighbor" etcetc

Man defines what 'mistakes' are.  God defines what Sin is.  Mistakes require apologies at best.  Sin requires forgiveness from  God .  And, 'the wages of sin is death.'  Not only death of the body, but also the soul and the spirit.  'Salvation is found in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given to men by which we must be saved.'  Acts 4:12    And, that name is Jesus.

Most people are going to Hell, including many members of the clergy.

Lots a unverified complaints were mostly  hustles from bad kids who knew better.

Show mercy,don`t rush to condemn. I need the "new" pope to inform me of this?

Pope Francis is indeed the true vicar of Christ, I like him because of his simplicity and openness. His frst Sunday message is focus on ONE word 'MERCY' is the only versue which we need to practice. May God inspre him with wisdom. grand him GOOD hEALTH and long life. to lead the chotholic church

OK... I won't condemn Obama, I'll give him 4 years to do something........................ Times Up...

if the Pope wants support then he needs to deal with his child abusing priest ASAP

show mercy for victimizers???"The Lord never tires of forgiving, never! It is we who tire of asking for forgiveness," That's is why the most reprehensible people that have ever lived claim "God" as their savior..He made you imperfect so do your job and sin... and no worries your forgiven..If your a delusional fool he's your man God.So I guess all those Priests who took young women down into dungeon and horrifically tortured them to death with "The Pear" throughout the centuries and in the name of God are all in Heaven now.Belief works in mysterious ways doesn't it.

Any rape of a child, should be punished. And never forgotten. There are those who do not deserve forgiveness and mercy, as good as those virtues are. Even God, in the end, THROWS the evil ones into the Lake of Fire. There is no forgiveness, or mercy for those who do not change their evil ways....Those who are FOR the Lord, stand over here....those who are against the Lord...stand over there....

show mercy and don't rush to condemn!! he should have been at the cpac carnival.

Yes! The first law is to love God with your whole strength, your whole heart, your whole mind,Your whole body.The next law is to love your neighbor as thyself.So, when a priest sexually molest anyone in the church you are to call the POLICE because a crime has occurred.

If the church still had the power they had in the 16th and 17th centuries, they would still be burning people alive.

New wolf, same hen house.

I dont get cable tv anymore,  Did Romney win like Fox News said he would?  all i get is an educational channel.

Francis I, CONDEMN SATANIC Islam's NON-STOP SLAUGHTER of its small Christian populations (they're PRODUCTIVE &amp; DESERVE protection from Islam's SATANIC thugs, for Islam would COLLAPSE without them)! BENEDICT 16 WAS RIGHT! DEUS VULT!

The Pope made these statements after reading the comments on Yahoo.

Well judging the vatican by its actions since its creation and its actions today I say guilty of crimes against humanity.  Feed the poor, sell the vatican.In a sign of appreciation that he had taken his name from St. Francis of Assisi, who preached to animals and defended nature, a group held up a banner reading: "Animal lovers and animals thank the pope".Very nice: he apparently is sympathetic to animals, but can't bring himself to recognize human rights. Quite a winner Catholics have chosen.

The liberal media shows mercy to democrats; rush to condemn republicans.

Not showing mercy doesn't condemn.  Not showing mercy means you are involved in high theft or criminal intent or causing people to work more so you work less and push la Pobresa.  So mercy doesn't condemn...it punishes old testament style...and the US is Very Old Testament...one fingernail at a time...

Just to show how wacked out christians are I had one just tell me the real problem in Africa isn't like in the story below but the Muslims. Christians are still barbaric. I read where over a thousand  children have been kill for being witches so far.Children protest against accusations they are "witches"Police in south-east Nigeria have arrested a man who claimed to have killed 110 child "witches"."Bishop" Sunday Ulup-Aya told a documentary film team he "delivered" children from demonic possession.But after his arrest, he reportedly told the police he had only killed the "witches" inside, not the children.Child rights campaigners say children are frequently abandoned, hideously injured and even murdered because their families believe they are witches.Self-proclaimed "pastors" extort money from families to exorcise the children, but none has been charged until now.Mr Ulup-Aya was arrested in Akwa Ibom State after a child rights campaigner led police to his church and negotiated a consultation fee for an exorcism.He has now been charged with murder.Five others have been arrested since the weekend and the state government says more arrests are planned

I hope that the Bishops around the World in the Catholic Church actually listen to this guy. Too many cold &amp; hard hearts amongst the clergy. And those who act more like politicians &amp; businessmen &amp; women than servants of God. Glad that they didn't pick a Bishop from the U.S.A. Lately all the U.S. Bishops have wanted to do is finger point! The Catholic Church has let the outside World dictate how they should be. They have to go back to thinking that they have something to teach the World. And they do. Hopefully they'll begin to show what they have to offer. Rather than letting others decide what it is that they think they should offer if anything at all.

The cross.  Live poor .. mercy.. thank you God. Great start for a new pope

How can the ignorants worship a sinner like me in place of God? I cannot understand that. Are you so blinded that you can't help it. Being an ex-catholic, am I glad to have read the bilble and it made me free. It says "To God be the Glory" not to men.

Well this wont set well with the GOP

Smoothing the way to ignore the pedophilia on day 2.  That was quick. But about what I expected.

And lest we forget in the Pope's heart, he firmly believes if you are not catholic you will end up in Hell.  Just some perspective.I notice that christians discuss grace and forgiveness exclusively at those times they rely on them for themselves.

I'll believe his message when the Church stops trying to demonize others while trying to cover up its rapist and child molesters.

Hopefully the Pope will be more merciful towards divorced people.  It is kind of ironic that Joe Biden can take Communion with as much as he and his boss Obama have done to harm the Church.  On the other hand  many who support the Church are not permitted to take Communion.

Forgiveness is fine, but I hope this Pope has the capacity to lead a good fight as well.

How come HE didn't show "mercy" back in the "Dirty War" when hundreds of thousands of innocents were being slaughtered.... and pregnant women were being detained until giving birth, the babies kept but the mothers taken out over the ocean and dumped out of planes ALIVE.......This sacred "Jesuit Pope"... personally.... ( he was implored to intervene), AND the organization that sponsors him, the Catholic Church turned their heads away and let it happen...READ history. All the facts (and many of the more fortunate survivors) all out there for your edification.

The church is far from perfect, but to date, this man Francis has preached humility, compassion for the poor and forgiveness.  For those who condemn him because of the sins of the past, I ask you, would you feel better if he were to preach eternal damnation for all ?  Perhaps he is aware of the importance of the church to heal itself from wihin and is taking those first steps in his messages of the first week.

I wonder if President Obama was listening.

We can thank the Catholic Inquisition for teaching cruelty to Muslims.

He's right, you know.  Just because a fellow boffs a few boys, or forces his illegitimate child to live in secrecy and abject poverty, it's no reason to call him names or throw him out of the priesthood!  How many of you haven't had one or fifty-six "youthful indiscretions"  during your lives?

The press won't like the ...don't rush to judgment part.  I bet they have already judged and convicted Pope Francis.  This pope is sorely needed in today's time.except muslims who want us all dead.

Show mercy, except to gays who want the same legal rights as everyone else. Then you can call them tools of Satan.

So happy about Pope Francis! We so need a church of and for the poor!

THANK YOU LORD FOR ANOTHER DAY!

Catholics are some of the most judging people I know, yet they have a problem identifying the molesting priests and condemning them.   I never appreciated hypocrites!

The liberal press spent weeks googooing and fawning all over Vatican city and the new Pope until they realized he was orthodox and against everything the believe in.. Now they are trying to destroy him.. Pathetic losers

You are not listening.I left the Catholic Church, but think he is going to try to correct some issues.Most of you with your hateful comments do not have a relationship with God.You are doing what Jesus said not to.Let he who is without sin, cast the first stone.Get your life in order first.

Pope Francis was filling in for Father M T Pews, who's filling in somewhere else today . . .

I'd say 20ish years is long enough to condemn the Catholic abuse debacle. Sometimes those who should know what is wrong and harmful are very busy self-justifying...they should be rushed to their judgement much quicker.

How did this guy get to be Pope? Mercy, compassion? As a Christian Nation we wanna see somebody bite the head off a chicken and we all know about our President's race mixed parents. Our white bread religion demands comic book theories, not real religion and faith."a little bit of mercy?"Mercy like killing a guy because he picked up stick on the wrong day?  Or a different kind?NUMBERS 15:32-36 A man gathered sticks for a fire on the Sabbath. By God’s command, he was stoned to death.

This pope isn't going to set to well with his cultists if he preaches compassion and mercy. The christian cult thrives on judging and spreading misery.

We are the benefactors of our beliefs to each is own don't tread on each and have understand that all belong to the creator. those who don't believe are not to be judged by us. lets all just get along stop all this killing over religious belief. God never said kill for me .

uh oh, John Paul I was a good man who wanted to clean things up and he didn't last long.

Forgiveness is good.  I am capable of that.BUT IF  "forgiveness" MEANS failure to protect the weak from further abuse (of any sort) by those "forgiven", then we are talking about a "cowardly out" to avoid the responsibility of authority....   Or if "forgiveness" MEANS an "empowerment" of future abusers of the weak....  Then authority is committing grevious sin of ommission at the expense of the weak.I would suggest that Francis continue to conduit divine forgiveness, but also turn breakers of secular law over to secular authorities for consequence.Dante condemned all "princes" (power holders) to the first circle of hell for their sins of ommission, because failure to exercise power in defense of "constituents" is sin in itself.

Though the christians say the triune divinity is allowed, it is clearly against the first commandment. Jesus taught that the new covenant did not permit the overthrow of the law.

Closing my eyes will not make the sins go away.  Nice try Frank.

That is good practice foe Muslims, Jews, news media and evangelicals !

that what the child said mercy-------too many gay priest for something not to be wrong in the catholic church-------------

According to "Jesus", this world is already condemned because they love darkness rather than light...Except for Obama..he's had 7 yrs ,..still nothing...whatda loser..Condemn him Pope!

The Popester was talking to the gop repukes :O

How about if their failings are harming me right now?

That's a fine statement, if you are commenting about world wide relations. But sounds like to me, a BIG broom has just been brought out to sweep ALL the sexual misconduct by predator priest's under a bigger rug!!! Like we are to forgive these monsters!! Show humility!!! "THEY WILL REPENT" my a ss!!! The only thing I felt ( and feel now) is shame, hatred, fear, and revulsion for the two monster priests that adused me!!!! AGAIN, NOTHING is going to change!! We're all idiots to think differently!!!

As far as Islamists go, completely wrong. Condemn. Isolate. Eliminate. Until these murdering  phony religion fascists are eliminated, the world and its people are not safe.

To all the haters on here I say give Pope Francis a chance.  He's only been the pope a few days!  People are screaming for justice...let's see if he's the one who truly acknowledges what happened, and is still happening.  The last two certainly did not...if anything they tried sweeping it all away.  You want to be angry, then be angry at them and give this guy the opportunity to prove himself.

END THE EVIL CATHOLIC CHURCH.

This simple, compassionate pastoral approach, was long overdue at the Vatican... go Pope Francis!

I hope that mercy isn't supposed to be extended towards pedophiles in the Church before justice is served. Mercy can only come about after admissions of guilt and the meting out of justice of which mercy may be a component, at least on this mortal plane.

He wants to be the Pope for the poor? Does that mean he's gonna give away the wealth of the Vatican to the poor? That will be a good start.FRANCIS I, REINSTATE the TRIDENTINE MASS NOW!

Francis I MUST CONDEMN the SATANIC MUSLIMS' SLAUGHTER of the few remaining CHRISTIANS now within the 'Organization of Islamic Cooperation'! ISLAM'S SATANIC! NO DOUBT!

Sounds like the priests can continue to molest without worrying.

God sent us Pope Francis at the perfect time.  Without even trying, he will make the World realize that Islam, the Muslim Brotherhood and Barack Obama are terrorists that need to be stopped.  Let's return to love, truth and common sense!

Cure your problems Catholics and our mercy will not be needed.

Great advise.  Maybe his hand was down that little boys pants....to zip up his fly.  Yeah that's it.

This uncritical cheerleading by the press is pathetic. Thanks to the internet we no longer need to rely on these corporate media shills.

OK Catholics.  You have your new Pope, now bury your head back in the Sand.

I think this dude surely has all the good intentions in the world but to speak about mercy to have any significance, it has to be universally applied, not for just a few who have sinned.When one sees the state of injustices committed in this world i find this to be wishful thinking, somewhat naive and certainly ambiguous. Who should we be showing mercy for exactly? Is this opening a door to pardon those within the Vatican who have committed the most egregious sin upon others, that is helpless children? If so, don't expect my support. The two tier system of justice is what plagues us, not a lack of mercy. There's plenty of mercy going around in the wrong places.Sorry to spoil the feel good Kumbaya moment but still many unresolved issues in this organization and as far as i'm concerned, it needs forceful leadership to deal swiftly with these issues. He's obviously conciliatory which is great but a crime is a crime and that has to be dealt without mercy but by the letter of the law. No exceptions, no sweeping this under the rug. Enough!

Mercy and compassion will not work in todays world.  We need to stop this, the catholics need to support birth control, they need to redistribute their wealth, return to the roots of the church.  Which is actually paganism as that they stole most of their rituals, holidays and beliefs fromi miss the nazi pope.

"Show mercy, don't rush to condemn" this is of course the right thing to say and do, only if he means by all the actions in life and not about those pedophile priests! In the time when the whole world is looking at a church that cover up crimes, his speech became somewhat focusing in the church itself and not actually the people. Because for how long have the church condemn so many things in life and yet asking us to show mercy and not condemn those child molester priests!!!!Jesus teach that one shouldn't condemn other but it doesn't mean that he wanted you to cover up evil acts. We will be judged by God after we die, but as long as we are living in a society we will be judged my the law that we are living in and no one should be above that law. If a ordinary man commit a crime, he will be jailed, so why are those pedophile priests, and those that cover them up, be any different???

Joe Biden needs to go to confession, he has a LOT to confess for!

"A little bit of mercy makes the world less cold and more just,"  Just who is he talking to here?  It had better not be the Molested Children!

god drowned pregnant woman,children,toddlers,grandma and grandpa and whatever land animals werent on the ark....because they were "evil"....you know those evil babies in their mothers stomachs...(sarcasm)All the while in this great flood,god forgets to kill the most evil of all.....Satan......then sends his own son to be murdered as a blood sacrifice....who was conceived magically without a humans sperm....to save the people god had already drowned in the first place...this all starting because a woman talked to a snake in a garden who convinced her   to eat a magic piece of fruit that held special powers!!!! lolololNah....this couldnt be a crazy cult....

He's a dead ringer for actor Jonathan Pryce.

oh lord it's hard to be humble! when your perfect in every way!

First the Catholic Church must create evil, so they can then sell redemption and retain their power and jobs.

So lets all forget the tens of thousands of rape children performed by catholic priest and protected by the vatican.

What is the diffence between the "fathers" that rape children, and the everyday, usual degenerate that rapes children?The test of his sincerity will be when the Catholic Church again wages war against the Rights and lives of Gay people all around the world. That is when he will be a "God send" and not a hypocrite. We can only hope that this modest man is ready and willing to teach true compassion or just a "limited edition". For sure. this Pope is far superior to any since Pope Jon Paul I.

WASP = NaziEvangelical = KKKMormonism = SatanismTraditional Catholic = Mel Gibson

Is it to much to ask for Justice?

The pedophile priests will never face true justice!!!!!!!!!!

So basically he is asking everyone to forgive child raping priests. Way to pull a fast one.

May God guide him and give him strength to lead the church.And i hope and pray our world leaders have received the pope's message of showing mercy to others to avoid unnecessarywars and loss of lives world wide.

JESUS also told said, "Have you not read that from the beginning the Creator made them MALE and FEMALE. For this reason shall a MAN leave his Mother and Father-and be joined to his wife-and the two shall become one flesh...."NOTE; HE DIDN'T SAY-ANYONE AND HE DIDN'T SAY TWO 'DADS' OR TWO 'MOMS''''NUFF SAID.

So... Mr. Pope, don't rush to condemn homosexuals. Let it begin with YOU.

Does anyone really believe a just Pope can rise to the top without being corrupted by his surroundings?

The Catholic Church is a perpetual sinning machine.If you are Christian, Avengingtroll and J, do you recite the Lord's Prayer? If so, do you mean it when you ask God, "Forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us." ???

nahhh I don't buy it my sins come no where near a child molesters and I have a large pile of stones

Well, if they let the priests marry and have normal sex lives maybe there wouldn't be so much child molestation going on in the Catholic Church. Did you ever think about that? In the Eastern Church deacons and parish priests can marry (but will not advance in the hierarchy any more).

Show mercy, don't rush to condemn,,what??? so he wants the child molestors to walk, figures.

He talks the talk.  Lets see how he walks.The Vatican Bank.  Ceaser's or God's?It appears on no balance sheet put out officially by the Vatican.  Let us see if there is an audit.  If not, don't look for truth elsewhere, but that's the walk . . .

"Inside, he wore the purple vestments of the liturgical season of Lent, which ends in two weeks on Easter Sunday."Actually, Lent ends on Holy Thursday prior to mass. Good article otherwise.

"A little bit of mercy makes the world less cold and more just". Of course we should need to be told that, but maybe we do I have always had a very dim view of people who come down heavily on others. I'm sure these types are disliked by most people. If  I see it personally, I will immediately attack that person who criticizes. She is really being a bully.

Real! He is the man of the people especially poor ones. His life may reflects other big leaders to be humble to their people rather than creating a gap between them. I feel as if I have seen this Pope. Good!

"If a man lies with a male as with a women, both of them shall be put to death for their abominable deed; they have forfeited their lives."(Leviticus 20:13 NAB)

In America ,if you did a Crime , Its stays on your record for Life. ,,Yup, people forget-when you point the finger at someone and said-you are this, you are doing that, etc, that there are 3 fingers pointing back a you pointing out your own short comings!

Non is Good except God, God is equal to Goodness has nothing to do with religion. Religion is man made. Goodness is a divine inheritance that only the fullness belongs to one God

I wonder why he didn't choose this quote.  1 cor 5:13  God will judge those outside. "Expel the wicked person from among you."

I don't understand the catholic religion, we need to forgive pedophiles but if you've gotten a divorce, your out!!

How wonderful!!  He used this Sunday's Gospel for the theme of his speech.  He truly is a teacher.

The new pope should be telling all of the child abusing priests to show mercy on the children.

Excellent advice for the Stalinist Politically Correct community who seek to suppress thought and free speech.  Somehow, I think he is al about taking money from people who produce and giving it to those who do not.    Greece, here we come!

Message from the Pope to the Priests: Get to know the little boys first, buy them a happy meal, maybe take them to a movie befire you molest them.

The pope preaches "to be more forgiving and merciful and not be so quick to condemn other peoples failures". However, the first thing catholics do is condemn and judge you for your failures. Beware of the sheep in wolves clothing deceiving millions.

The same mercy the Catholic Church gave during the Inquisition, or pervert priests give their victims?This from the moron who stuck his Argie nose in to the Falklands self determination issue with arrogance and stupidity within 24 hours of being Pope.

Coming from a catholic, that's actually pretty fornicating funny.

Why does the liberal media try so hard to destroy the pope, catholics and christians, if this pope was a jew, black or muslim the media would say nothing, come on  catholics and christians get a back bone and stop this garbage!!

Uh oh, I see where this is going. Business as usual. "Show mercy, don't rush to condemn". And who should this apply to most if not to Clergy who are guilty of sexual abuse. It always seems innocent on the surface when they say something like this, but in truth they always at the back of their minds are applying it to that which hits home the hardest. An appeal to the lowly masses to let their clergy off the hook for their own sins. Figures.

"A little bit of mercy makes the world less cold and more just", so lets add a little more Hell on Earth to warm things up.  Sinning Catholics have no concept of what "just" entails.

We dont want to condem the pedophile priests,we want to kill them.

an offhand way of protecting pedophile priests -dont condemn, forgive my #$%$** oh better not say that! lololo

Has anyone at least checked the new pope for the mark of Satan?

Avengingtroll, you've got tunnel vision. MANY helped Hitler persecute Jews, even Jews helped Hitler. He also persecuted Catholics, but certainly not to the extent that he did the Jews.

MESSAGE TO EVANGELICAL PROTESTANTS FULL OF HATE:By your words and actions you easily prove you are the modern version of the Pharisees---a holier-than-thou self-righteous group that condemns 6.999 billion of the Earth's 7 billion people (all Catholics, all Hindus, all Buddhists, Jains, Muslims, Jews, Mormons, Shintoists, Daoists, etc.) to burn in Hell forever in unspeakable pain and torture. Now is that a doctrine taught by Jesus? Hardly! It is a belief inspired by a dark evil entity. Who else could inspire such hate and condemnation?Man...I was hoping for a warring type Pope this time around...someone that plays Halo 5 and talks smack. Jails his molester plebes. Smokes stogies. Drinks. Goes to the track. Has a friend named "Augie".but alas, there's always the next Pope....

Never let up on the heathen Catholics, least they forget we are on to them,

"A little bit of mercy makes the world less cold and more just".  Is that what the Priests say to the Altar boys to get in their pants?

The superstitious worship of saints, Mary's and Madonnas is a clear break with the second commandment and not permitted.

[Show mercy, don't rush to condemn, new pope urges]How generic. Does he feel the same way about gays? What about the pedophiles?

I'm not Catholic, but I hope the world is listening to this particular message.

The gospel today is very fitting and one of my most favorite gospels (the one about the woman caught in adultery and about to be stoned).  Ironically this is the same gospel that Christians and non-Christians alike use to throw into the face of Christians who don't like it when some of us call a sin a sin (i.e. abortion, homosexual acts, contraception, etc.).  What most of those who don't agree with me tend to point to are Jesus' words of "Let he who is without sin cast the first stone." Yet most fail to keep reading.  Jesus says that he does not condemn her either, but also tells her to go and SIN NO MORE, thereby condemning the action the woman is doing, but not her soul.When I disagree with those who believe the aforementioned sins are perfectly fine and "up to the woman and her doctor" or "but they love each other so why does it matter" I am not condemning their souls.  On the contrary, I want to show them mercy and out of love for their souls would like to do as Jesus did; namely say to them "I do not condemn your soul to hell, but the actions you do are seriously putting your soul in jeopardy of damnation.  Go now and sin no more."Oftentimes my responses are not as charitable as this, and to that I apologize.  I am a sinner just like the rest of you (and possibly even more so), but while Christ did not give us the power to condemn others' souls, he did instruct us to condemn actions which are sinful.  "Go therefore and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, teaching them to observe all that I have commanded of you..."  I work daily to break the bondage of slavery to sin, but it is a lifelong battle that only Christ can overcome for me.  Unfortunately many people see their bondage to sin as something joyful and noble to cling to (think of Golumn and the ring in Lord of the Rings) and are not in need of saving.  One part of the Angelus address that Pope Francis said was that "The Lord never tires of forgiving, never!  It is we who tire of asking for forgiveness."  The main point of this is to acknowledge that what we are doing is sinful, and realizing that no matter how grievous the sin, God will always forgive....but are we too proud to admit we need forgiveness?

Its ok to cast the first stone, some sins are worse than others.I'm not perfect, but I've never done anything remotely close to molesting children.

That's RIGHT, GFWP!!  and I've noticed that ALL these so-called "reps of god" ever do is:  TALK!!!!  the "pope" is quite a WORTHLESS bum, as far as "helping Humanity!!"Please enlighten Me, if I'm wrong!

I admit I am a law breaker I admit Iam unjust. Thats why I follow Jesus Christ always asking for mercy. But better still if only I can just touch his robe I know I will be healed. I guess I was born in the wrong century. No healing.Don't condemn me for condemning others.

wow! I am not Catholic but I AM VERY MOVED! I wasnt comfortable with Pope Benedict. BUT Pope Francis, from what i read about him prior to becoming Pope and his hopefullness, love and example for the people-Finally, a man of such title who walks his talk and whose love of the people will help renew FAITH and bring more people to the Church.

When Jesus said not to cast the first stone he was defending a poor sinner.  I would think the church leaders could be held to a higher standard, But instead they make the prostitute look righteous.

Who is more merciful that God?  And I think He would want them to stop buggering children before sparing them from the lake of fire.

A majority of conservatives  have a love hate relationship with him right now.  They love his stance on Abortion&amp; gay marriage  but hate him for his stance on social programs for the poor. Today two of the biggest powerful Republicans in Congress claim to be devout catholics, hate what  New pope Francis stands for, Peferential Treatment of the Poor. They as Devout catholics will defy their Pope even if their Pope tells them under cannon law 222 that it is mandatory that they as legislators give prefrential treatment to the Poor.   If not following all the rules of the church , disreguardig rules is grounds for excommunication. Anger  is the biggest destruction where Jesus puts it in the same catagory as murder, both of these Powerful Republicans and all Republicans are angry about paying taxes to care for the Poor among us will be held accountable by Jesus in the catagory as Murders, and Abortionist because of their anger towards the POOR. ANGER CAUSES people to murder. Just like when Jesus states that when a man look at another women with lust in his heart has committed Adultry even though he never had a Adultress affair with her.

why shouldnt we condemm the guilty? your bible states we should doesnt it?

I truly Love this Man, God's new Pope.  I have all my life attempted to be what this man has been able to accomplish but I have never come close, and even today as I still attempt to live this life of forgiveness to those who have turned my good deads against me, I strugle.  Now this simple priest has taken on some of the Worlds most impossible problems.  So when Pople Francis asked for our prayers I hope we all remember to also pray for each other

You only show mercy to those who are repent and have shown that they have changed...  to do otherwise is to show WEAKNESS and encourage EVIL.  471

The Catholic Church could do with a little urgency toward responsibility.  What a mess.

Contrary to popular belief, God does not forgive sins. That's why he expelled Adam and Eve from Eden, caused the Great Flood and destroyed Sadam and Gomorrah. It was Jesus who preached the forgiveness of sins, not God. Jesus is not jealous, but God is and He will smite you with full force if you sin! Unless you go through Jesus, you will not be saved!He's asking us to forgive the Church of her sins against humanity; I'm not buying.

The new Pope sounds just Hideous.

And yet his acceptance speech was full of attacks  on the people he doesn't like.

Eloquent words from the man heading-up the organization that gave us the 'auto de fey' !!!

Definitely, I can feel that new spirit in the church since Pope Francis I was elected, this is the way church should be, I hope and pray to God to help Francis to guide our church this way, Who would up thought that the idea of St. Francis of Asis would become reality now day, to me is just like seeing the same Francisco of Asis doing his work.

"Jesus told them "let he among you who is without sin, cast the first stone" —Pope FrancisThat's a lovely sentiment, as long as it isn't veiled code asking the public to excuse predatory pedofilia priests and those in power who shielded them for sexually preying on children—that MUST be dealt with FIRMLY with prison sentences.

What do you expect, the Catholic Church has always been under the control of Gays.  Catholics are supporting the Gay lifestyle of their Clergy.

Why do you Catlicks keep starting your posts by denying that you are Catholics?  Might you actually possess the slightest hint of decency?  Hell No, of course not!!!!

That`s not the fires of Hell below your feet, Catlicks!.  That`s the molten core of our Planet, you morons.

I hope he is not a wolf in sheep coat.The Obama Socialists, Gays, and Lesbians are going to hate the new Pope.

Yeah.....Show mercy on these perverted Catholic child molesters.

Catholics are so quick to praise their new Jackal.

"don't rush to condemn" said the gay-bashing pedophile-in-chief......

in other words- do the opposite of what we do.

When is the Catholic Church going to address all the HOMOSEXUAL PRIESTS and all the little boys they have molested.  I guess we are supposed to forgive them all and send a fresh supply of little boys.  Another hypocritical moment in history.  He should get together with President Odumba and accept all the gays.

Here's a news flash for you. There is no god. Nobody lives up there beyond the clouds. Unlike the ignorant masses of thousands of years ago, we now in the 21st century KNOW what's up there...no angels, no harps, no gods, no pearly gates and no guys in white robes. Try REALITY folks...you want justice and mercy?" Get it now whilke you;re alive. Don't belive that you're going to get it after you die.

This man is a wonderful human being, I wish him best of luck on his endeavor

the Pope has to be a liberal,  he heads a very liberal church.  his church still allows pro choice and pro death penalty folks to take communion although the church strongly denounces both as sinners

The Catholic Church has been too merciful and too forgiving among its clergy for their sins against children. The American legal system is blatantly too merciful with criminals. There are times when mercy and forgiveness are good things but there is no reason to go overboard as that has some pretty bad consequences.I just love him.  I just hope he can move on the priests that don't deserve to be priests that have hurt our children including my cousin,  who killed himself at a young age because of being ashamed of what  happened to him .  He seems down to earth.  Pray for him  :)

Clean up the church, Francis.  Bring it back to New Testament Christianity where the real Jesus Christ really is.  STOP allowing the RCC to teach things Christ and his apostles never taught and stop omitting teaching Catholics critical teachings that ARE in the NT.  STOP STOP STOP STOP teaching the fraudulent doctrine that isn't taught by Jesus Christ !

I thought condemning others is what religion is all about.

Lawbreakers must be turned over to law enforcement.

Show mercy to god and put his name back into the bible , that benedict removed from its holy place, 7000 times !

Let the hate begin on this comment post.

I hope our people hear his message of 'mercy' as he cleans house and we see the dirt fly. Remember, let him who is without sin, cast the first stone. My prayer is that this Pope will be successful in 'cleaning house' and that the guilty can repent and be purified, and that the lay community can be 'merciful.' Further, my hope is that under the leadership of this new Pope, Christians across the world can learn to love one another, and further that ALL GOD'S PEOPLE, can catch the fever. Is it too much to ask of this secular world?

Way to hit the ground running, I am pretty sure he just said more than Benedict did in that one speech.

I hope he's not trying to get people to forgive the pedophile priests or he's off to a very bad start I don't care how humble he is! Yeah God may forgive, people may even forgive some acts but the justice system is not suppose to. Let's wait and see!!!

I hate to break the news to Anna Barone who said:  (The Church must be poor in spirit, not just in material goods.) but the artwork, ceremonial objects, outfits, and other possessions in Vatican City are easily worth hundreds of millions. The one thing the Catholic church has never been is poor.//Show mercy, don't rush to condemn// - very clever, s good start.

Jesus is neither son of God nor God nor final Savior nor one of TrinityRead Bible yourself and it is there - He also said he is a Prophet

Judaism (Jew) and Christianity (Christian) were innovated/introduced by MENAbraham, Moses and Jesus never called themselves and their faith by these names.Read the Bible. Do not hearsay from Priest/Rabbi, Media etc. Ask for proof.

1. A Senate vote on gay marriage is a destructive pretension against the plan of GodFrom a letter to the Carmelite Sisters of Buenos Aires on the perils of marriage equality:“Let’s not be naïve, we’re not talking about a simple political battle; it is a destructive pretension against the plan of God. We are not talking about a mere bill, but rather a machination of the Father of Lies that seeks to confuse and deceive the children of God.”2. Gay marriage will destroy the familyMore from the same letter to the four monasteries of Argentina:“The Argentine people will face a situation whose outcome can seriously harm the family… At stake is the identity and survival of the family: father, mother and children.3. Gay parenting is a rejection of God’s law engraved in our heartsAgain:“At stake are the lives of many children who will be discriminated against in advance, and deprived of their human development given by a father and a mother and willed by God. At stake is the total rejection of God’s law engraved in our hearts.”4. The political struggle against marriage equality is warAnd finally:“The bill will be discussed in the Senate after July 13. Look at San Jose, Maria, Child and ask them [to] fervently defend Argentina’s family at this time. [Be reminded] what God told his people in a time of great anguish: ‘This war is not yours but God’s.’ May they succor, defend and join God in this war.”5. Gay adoption is discrimination against childrenAccording to the National Catholic Reporter, Francis called gay adoption a form of “discrimination against children.” A comment that resulted in a public rebuke from Argentine President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, who said that Francis’ remarks suggested “medieval times and the Inquisition.”

Show mercy to father O'Fondle... he knows not what he does.

Is "turn the other cheeck" good advice if the other person is mean?  Is it stupid advice?

In a sign of appreciation that he had taken his name from St. Francis of Assisi, who preached to animals and defended nature, a group held up a banner reading: "Animal lovers and animals thank the pope".Very nice: he apparently is sympathetic to animals, but can't bring himself to recognize human rights.  Quite a winner Catholics have chosen.

are you paying attention to any of this tea baggers?!?  you know, less hating?!?

BEING CATHOLIC. The role of pope is becoming increasingly irrelevant. It's a church who is no longer in touch with its followers. The idea of a man with a monopoly on God's word is an invention of medieval church leaders and modern, educated Catholics do not accept it.  Many Catholics pay no or little attention to papal rules on contraception, gay rights, artificial insemination and women's equality. Maybe Francis I can bring the church in the 21st century, if not he will be ordinary and ignorable

He has a lot to say against his critics, not so much against the death squads in his home town..What an absolute farce this pedophile organization is. These pedophiles should be arrested and thrown in prison for life.

I just hope they will accept and tell the truth this time!

He does seem like a breath of fresh air. The real proof is when the Vatican stops hiding and protecting priests who have abused.

When he becomes the victim of gang rape with a metal pipe shoved up his a.s.s., then he can prove exactly what he preaches by showing mercy to his rapists. That's if he's still able to speak.

I condemn the new pope. SS different day.

Church scandals cannot be whitewashed by asking us to be more forgiving and merciful.Kindly remove the cardinalship from Mahony whose name will continue to be linked with clergy misconduct.This is about church leadership here.  It’s about someone in position of a faith that failed in his role to protect the innocent and continued this action for decades.As a result, lives have been ruined and the church continues to pay $$$ settlements with still more to come.Anywhere else, a person would have been removed from their job/role/position.Its long overdue:  Mahony out.

Like they showed mercy to the little children they destroyed along the way.  Bunch of sickos.

I suppose the question lurking within most of our minds is..since becoming Pope, does the Annointed One continue go to the lavatory, and if so, is there any veracity in the claim that this ritual is conducted with the vatican lavatory door open, the papal efforts being accompanied by elements of the vienna boys choir  ?

Whatever, it's the catholics papa and their raped babies, guess Ill mind my own business.

I am vehemently against the the Hero worship that is the papacy That being said, I think this new guy is a good man.If he doesn't post on Yahoo how can we trust him ?

1. A Senate vote on gay marriage is a destructive pretension against the plan of GodFrom a letter to the Carmelite Sisters of Buenos Aires on the perils of marriage equality:“Let’s not be naïve, we’re not talking about a simple political battle; it is a destructive pretension against the plan of God. We are not talking about a mere bill, but rather a machination of the Father of Lies that seeks to confuse and deceive the children of God.”2. Gay marriage will destroy the familyMore from the same letter to the four monasteries of Argentina:“The Argentine people will face a situation whose outcome can seriously harm the family… At stake is the identity and survival of the family: father, mother and children.3. Gay parenting is a rejection of God’s law engraved in our heartsAgain:“At stake are the lives of many children who will be discriminated against in advance, and deprived of their human development given by a father and a mother and willed by God. At stake is the total rejection of God’s law engraved in our hearts.”4. The political struggle against marriage equality is warAnd finally:“The bill will be discussed in the Senate after July 13. Look at San Jose, Maria, Child and ask them [to] fervently defend Argentina’s family at this time. [Be reminded] what God told his people in a time of great anguish: ‘This war is not yours but God’s.’ May they succor, defend and join God in this war.”5. Gay adoption is discrimination against childrenAccording to the National Catholic Reporter, Francis called gay adoption a form of “discrimination against children.” A comment that resulted in a public rebuke from Argentine President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, who said that Francis’ remarks suggested “medieval times and the Inquisition.”

We have to understand that the pope is right and that the reason that Jesus came was due to the harshness of his time, they were feeding the people to lions and tigers in olympic rings as quickly as they could and stoning them to death over almost nothing, the real message here  might what be difficult to get from what I have read, those without any sin are the ones that need to throw the first stones and no one did, because it doensn't matter how big of a sin it is a sin is a sin, if you made a little sin or a big sin and forgiveness is what gives us peace of mind not the ones that we forgive, we forgive them for us, and then if there is a God he takes care of the rest of it according to his plan, not us, but most of us don't think like that, and also it is nice to know that a man of such a stature understands what it means to be poor and even falsely accused, that gives him a lot of insight and perhaps his testimony can do some good, who knows, but let us wait and see

You don't say!!!...he would ask that you are "not so quick to condemn other people's failures."...since most of the failures are with his close followers!!!

Love animals?  What does he do, screw sheep instead of altarboys?

That photo is a perfect target for a drone strike.

I wonder if he like some of the f4ckers that elected him thinks peadophilia is an illness not a crime.

AS ALWAYS: "Too Big To FAIL" ='s FAIL!   Don't "judge the Pedophiles who Raped, Molested and Murdered Hundreds of Thousands!

The pedo priests should not be showed mercy they should be convicted looks like this new pope is gonna be just like the last one.

We've shown too much mercy now as it is. We've been too soft on things and the state of the world shows it with the way crime and terrorism have soared over the last 2 decades.(Even at home, kids in many countries in the usa and europe show too much disrespect these days. Too much softness in raising children go on.) No way should we give anyone a blank check, the benefit of the doubt anymore.  It's time to put an end to this buell sheet. Otherwise we're going to continue to have sheet from countries like Iran, N. Korea and whoever else wants to jump in.We've shown too much mercy now as it is. We've been too soft on things and the state of the world shows it with the way crime and terrorism have soared over the last 2 decades.(Even at home, kids in many countries in the usa and europe show too much disrespect these days. Too much softness in raising children go on.) No way should we give anyone a blank check, the benefit of the doubt anymore.  It's time to put an end to this buell sheet. Otherwise we're going to continue to have sheet from countries like Iran, N. Korea and whoever else wants to jump in.

More and more Catholics are beginning their posts by saying, "I am not a Catholic".  You should be too ashamed to be seen at Church with the Child Molesters.  Guilt by association becomes you Catholics.

The pope lives like a king. The church covers up sexual abuse. Keep your faith; your 'religion' is made up bullsiht!

We still venerate people mired in the third century because they are willing to wear funny hats.

"I will sweep away everything in all your land," says the LORD.  "I will sweep away both people and animals alike. Even the birds of the air and the fish in the sea will die.  I will reduce the wicked to heaps of rubble, along with the rest of humanity," says the LORD.  "I will crush Judah and Jerusalem with my fist and destroy every last trace of their Baal worship.  I will put an end to all the idolatrous priests, so that even the memory of them will disappear.  For they go up to their roofs and bow to the sun, moon, and stars.  They claim to follow the LORD, but then they worship Molech, too.  So now I will destroy them!  And I will destroy those who used to worship me but now no longer do.  They no longer ask for the LORD's guidance or seek my blessings."   (Zephaniah 1:2-6 NLT)

I am not Catholic  The HELL your not!I am not Catholic   The HELL your not!I am not Catholic   The HELL your not!I am not Catholic   The HELL your not!I am not Catholic     Stop your LYING or Go to HELL.

Why does Yahoo keep putting about the pope on here. Also why do they keep pushing same sex marriage. I think the majority of people on yahoo are not Caholic. Also I think the majority are not sodomites either.....How would you like to read about my church daily? The pope is a false prophet in my book......

I will pray for you Avengingtroll. May you find peace in our Lord.

how about those who have sinned against the most!

This pope is far more concerned with worshiping Jews than he is with worshiping Christ.  Since Vatican II the Catholic Church has been a Satanic organization.I don't judge anyone for it's not my place too But I had a problem with so called gay people, I hated them and I beat the hell out of many of them for when I was seven I was raped by a gay person and it bothered me nearly all my life and yes I hated. But no one could help me thru all this hatred but one person and that was and is Jesus Christ. He took away all the hate and I don't know the person who did this to me and it was not a priest, I like to find this person for one reason only and that's not to hurt him only to tell him that I forgive you for making my life a living hell until I found Jesus Christ.

Yes by all that's holy , please don't condemn , especially the catholic #$%$ pedifile priest , the law suits are killing the church financially , and God told them he didin't like people standing up against the pedifile priest and the church! LOL!   Put your faith in no man ... though shalt not call any other before me ..father .... sound familiar?

I was catholic but now I recant my alliance

As a Protestant, it's nice to see a man elevated to Pope who doesn't bathe and regale in the hypocritical excesses by which the Catholic church has become known.  I'm VERY glad he has a history of being a man of the humble population.

Is he sticking up for the pedphile priest s in a round about way? That aint goin wash,these perverts need to be put away for the good of all.

"Other people's failures"? What other people are a member of the Jesuit Order responsible for the torture and murder of thousands during the Inquisition? What other people were involved in the mass murder of 30,000 dissidents in Argentina? What other people condemned two of their own priests to torture by a savage military junta? What other people orchestrated a vicious Church funded anti-human rights campaign directed against Argentina's President? What other people would hide behind the legacy of a saint by using his name? This MAN is a monster.

Welcome Father Francis, may the good Lord strength you for the task.

Jesus told them "let him among you who is without sin, cast the first stone" and then told the woman "go and sin no more"."I think even we are sometimes like these people, who on the one hand want to listen to Jesus, but on the other hand, sometimes we like to stone others and condemn others. The message of Jesus is this: mercy," he said."I say in all humility that this is the strongest message of the Lord: mercy," Francis said, speaking in a soft voice.Here's hoping Jesus message, will finally get across to the Bigots we have in America!

Abandon St Paul's Christianity and accept ISLAM - the faith of Abraham, Jesus and Moses...

"forgiving and merciful and not so quick to condemn other people's failures.", translation if you are not a Christian you are a failure, but no worries you are not suppose to be judged by the Christian, that does not change the fact that they see you as a failure, come to think of it, it is the same as how the Muslim sees everyone, not a Muslim then you are by default an infidel, Jews on the other hand see you as the NONE "chosen ones", and don't even get me started with the Budhist, Budhist think you all are STRESSED out and need to meditate...  :Dbut you have condemned others. you have been doing it since the beginning of the vatican's history. if you want to show improvement, then don't use your papacy to bring down the poor people of south america and africa.

I like this new pope.  Speaking as someone who lost belief in Catholicism decades ago, I must admit that, while I still would not go back to that belief system, this is the first pope who I can respect.

He doesn't like gays and contraception. Same material. different package. The reforms will go nowhere.

If there were any godly justice on Earth, this Pope would part of a line up, with an Altar boy identifying his molester.

I like this new Pope, especially his feelings for the poor. How quickly we tend to forget, what with our fancy Sunday morning Jesus clubs, that Christ was poor and humble, and that his immensely great message was directed largely at poor people--like me.

Is it any surprise that the new cult leader wants more room to keep doing what the drug store (church) does best, rape boys and launder money. How did he beat Jerry Sandusky for that job, must have more boy scout experience.

Is the new Pope begging for 'mercy' for their abuses of young children?  Perhaps the papal conscience must have been pricked at the right time!!

I think yahoo public that agree with this message could start by not implying mean things in comments, like for exemple that anyone in the spotlight is a pathetic attention seeker. Humility also is letting other be in the spotlight if they get there without becoming extremely angry and #$%$. Their being famous in fact does not bar the way of other people being if they wish to.

So much for the higher moral standard of a priest.  Don't judge, forgive.  Convenient.

Yet he condemned gays and women as high ranking clergy. Whatever happened to all thos sexually abusing pedophiles on the church anyways? He's going to have mercy on them instead?Did your priests show mercy to those little boy's sphincters?

I don't remember ever asking for mercy from the religious.

I think THIS pope is a good man, most of them were not~

I see the church of Satan is speaking again.Show mercy my rear. This whole church is based on phedophillia and satanic works. This is not a God based church what so ever. It is the church of the devil. The world could and would of showed mercy the first time the pedophilia acts were done but now it has been hundreds if not thousands of time. Mercy just ran out. All catholics must see this as it is and quit excepting it. The Pope also announced he has the power to forgive sin. Was he hanging next to Jesus?? Think not. One man hung on the cross for all of us. Most of the world is deceived in the end times. Wake up America. Our churches have been infilrated by the devil teaching and preaching lies. Paul who wrote most of the new testament said there would be hucksters and false prophets in the end time. You can look up Larry King  live on the internet asking Joel Osteen and Billy Graham if Jesus is the only way to heaven and they both deny it. LOOK it up

FINE MESSAGE, Your Holiness -BUT: after nearly twenty-five years,- 'duh Ca's' LIES AND CRIMES ONLY GROWING AGAINST US -they'll see 'forgiveness'. WHEN they PAY WHAT THEY OWE. -AND EVEN THEN, FRANKLY, my 'words of forgiveness' ARE LIKELY TO SOUND LIKE THIS: "JUST LEAVE THE CHECK, AND THEN JUST LEAVE."By the way, in case there is some forgiveness needed for having said I hoped we got a Pope from one of the Orders, and then proceeded to name some, not even *mentioning* the Jesuits ...it's only because having a Jesuit Pope seemed ...beyond the moon! Auguri!  BRING OUR BEST WISHES TO POPE EMERITUS BENEDICT, TOO. HAVE A HAPPY ST. JOSEPH'S DAY!

fraud...arrest warrant has already been issued for him

All that mercy that they have shown for pedophile priests is not enough?

Again there will be consequences for all our actions…what will they be and do we care enough to ask for a pardon…..ONE BOOK WAS OPEN …THEN ANOTHER BOOK WAS OPEN AND NAMES READ FROM THIS BOOK OF LIFE…. we are private people for sure and no one should know what we do when we are alone…..only god..and  i'm cool with thatso speak to those who want to hear but speak not to those that are deff to truth …because they are deff by gods standards...

Thank you for a beautifully detailed article that made me feel like I was in the presence of this wonderful Pope. His wearing a plastic watchband instead of leather touched my heart as I am a vegan. I look forward to his ministry to ALL of God's children in the years ahead.

Oh go rape some more kids you pieces of Sh**My favorite thing about Pope Francis is that the guy knows how to smile and have a good laugh.  All good wishes for the Catholic Church under his leadership.  Viva Francis!!!!

Yea, don't rush to condemn the catholic priests due to the scores of molestation charges against them.  As long as it's not your children, who cares right.

ALL religions discriminate and disenfranchise someone...why else would there be sooooo many of them?????  Based on this fact alone they are all inherently evil.  The God I believe in embraces everyone of his creatures and has no stone to cast...

the church must be inclusive and not discriminatory. the church should practice what it preaches. You must show mercy to your flock. Jesus was never a bigot. so glad the Ratzinger years are done and over with. God bless you Pope Francis. Please don't #$%$ up!

We love you Pope Francis.  Guide us to a better way.God save the Pope.

This man is a deceiver. He hides much behind a cloak of humility.

Does anyone think it matters at all to this whole new pope thing that Jesus didn't exist?

Maybe we shouldn't cast stones and condemn sinners. But we should still keep pedophile priests away from children. In God we trust, but we can't trust that pedophile has repented and changed, the risk is too great if they fail.

More than anywhere, we need more of this preaching in America.

"The people of Samaria must bear the consequences of their guilt because they rebelled against their God. They will be killed by an invading army, their little ones dashed to death against the ground, their pregnant women ripped open by swords."   (Hosea 13:16 NLT)in other words "Don't condemn the priests that will inevitably rape your children - show the priests your mercy and everything will be better in the world".

A wonderful Homily Papa Francisco however; Why then should YOU NOT lay down the spiritual Stones, as damning and damaging as Granite ? You said your mission was to lead "Your Flock" and not meddle in Secular Issues. Holy Father, Argentina Passed these laws and the Country has not crumbled . In fact, Human Rights have been expanded. I beg you to LISTEN TO THE WORDS OF JESUS CHRIST" Let HE who is without Sin Cast the FIrst Stone!" You are, Without Sin," Perfect as God ? Keep your word. Minister in Church your HEll fire and brimstone. Please as you say, " Do "not minister it to a WORLD That DOES NOT WANT TO HEAR YOUR MESSAGE !" Can you Papa ?

Don't make a constant sinner your Guru. Forgive only those who ask forgiveness from bottom of their heart from Jesus. Save yourselves from sinners.

Funny. you all hate Catholics but how many of you are celebrating SAINT Patrick's Day?  The CATHOLIC patron saint of Ireland.  Let's not forget the hatred of the Catholic Irish immigrants shown in our country for years. "Irish need not apply".  .

The whole church was built on condemning people.

Do not condem this Pope. Well he already showed his ways when it came to people heterosexual not married and gay people. The church has no rights to pass judgment on anyone they should first start w fixing themselves w their lies, bigorty and deceptions for years which they will not do anything to change. This has worked for them for many years and they will continue w their lies and bigorty.

Papal, thk u 4 ur message of mercy, ths is what d world need ds time. We are too much on each others neck. Dcn Ken Best.

Lets see it this pope is going to take any of his 10 mil he's getting for 5 years and pass it down to the poor and help them.  I bet he doesn't share a dime with the poor.  He's all talk B-S talk that is, because behind closed doors, it's the little kids that are suffering ion the hands of these sick and twisted molesters.

You people (commenters) make me absolutely sick.

"Dont be so quick to condemn others".  That's a bit rich coming from an organisation that has been making non-stop condemnations of gay people like me for the whole of my life, often in really dreadful language.  (And some of that language has come from him.)  Is there no limit to the hypocrisy of these people?sounds like we are starting off to the same familiar ring to protect pedophiles in the Church. sorry people we will not see change with this pope...more priest will be protected under his reign.

Happy st patricks day catholic pedophile freaks !!!

God bless Francesco! He is our hope for change.

The roman catholic church is pedophile kingdom !!!

The souless deceived catholic pedophile zombies will show mercy ! What a joke !!!

MORE PEDOPHILE LIP SERVICE !!!

Satans catholic pedophile  servants have no mercy !!!!

He will get no mercy from me the deviant king of the deceived pedophile kingdom !!!

Does that include those Christians, including Catholics, who maintain there is nothing wrong with abortion or same sex marriage, Your Holiness?

SHOW MERCY ONLY SODOMIZE  R-TARDED CHILDREN !!!Show mercy when your molesting  childs rectum pull out slowly !!

"Please don't hate us. Please continue to come to mass and give your financial offering to us so we can continue to decorate St. Peter's with expensive works of art and fund the cost of the pope mobile. Also I enjoy my maid and cooks who make my meals for me so please forgive us." Your new pope.

I like this new pope. He is for the people. I am going to change my religion. I used to be a buddhist then muslim and now atheist. I feel like I am going to the right direction regarding my spiritual life.

See how close the Pope is to the People.

Is that Latin for: Me and my boys make Sandusky look like a punk?

I may be too cynical but given that preventing and removing pedophile priests from the Church is foremost in many peoples wishes for this new Pope, his message to "be more forgiving and merciful and not so quick to condemn other people's failures" sounds like  - let's sweep this under the carpet same old mentality. I wish he used his first public platform to quickly condemn this failure instead of saying be not so quick to condemn.

Show mercy! Said new Jesuit Pope Francis from South America! Holy bible clearly states that 'Thou shall not Steal'.In North America where﻿ USA &amp; Canada alone is plundering more oil than Saudi &amp; Kuwait output, over﻿ $3 BILLION﻿ daily, as Native American people remain﻿ poorest citizens on their own land beloved fatherland.Before Europeans came,Native population in North &amp; South America Continent was 15 millions; European population in Europe was 30 millions.Today, native population is 30 million &amp; Europeans is at ONE BILLION! [Google 'sicko uncle Sam' at forum]

What about carrying a big stick...???

Why does anyone feel like they need a mediator between them and God? This whole process shows why the Catholic church is increasingly irrelevant.

Jesus told them "let he among you who is without sin, cast the first stone" and then told the woman "go and sin no more".  Jesus did not condemn the woman.  The act of adultery is sin and no sin goes unpunished.  I enjoy this scenario.  I do wish the Pope or some other spiritual leader would elaborate on the "go and sin no more".  Sin carries it's own condemnation.  Judas committed suicide. Jesus told the disciples to not be concerned about Judas.  I guess we are not to be concerned if the woman took the advice of Jesus, or what happened to her if she didn't.  At what point do we bury everything human and live totally by movement of the holy spirit?  Was Job's relationship and understanding of God unique?  Or are we destined?sounds like we have a rebel on our hands. didn't john paul 1 take the seat of pope for only 33 days because he was a rebel. maybe this pope will be smart and start preaching that he isn't better than Christ

Can't I just buy a few indulgences instead?

█1•== I hope gays learn to be more tolerant and merciful at tax time.

Yes gays be merciful as Voters get rid of Democrats.

did the church show mercy to the victims? there priest didn't show us any mercy why should we show them any.

And most importantly....turn your eyes to Jesus. It is better to trust in the Lord than put confidence in man!

i guess it's just like a psychopath to ride the wave till the last minute and jump ship just before it sinks...little late to start serving man boy's,,should have thought of that before the last pope..Whatever humanity dishes out now is up to us,,,your Done..as above so below.

Of course the leader of the pedophiles is going to ask people to not condemn him.

Bless the Pope Francis   and his  work .It is about time that someone tell us to be humble and not quick to judge.We become so narrow minded that we can only see and love our self'.

Full sto ry on line. TODAY CATHOLIC WORLD.Time is up !Speaking for himself and of himself - go figure!!!

For the first time in many years,i want to go back to my catholic root.

Sorry. They need to euthanize all those pedophiles in the Catholic church. Easy for him to ask folks not to rush to condemn, but what about the families of those who've been molested??

He seems like good man....A little out of touch maybe, but that is ok

Will Papa show mercy and lift the burden of condemnation placed on the sexual minority as well? That would be the most Christlike step I have witnessed a Papa take in my four decades of conscious existence.

Pope Benedict started to stand for the “poor” nations for them to benefit of their own resources did you see the virulent mean response from the media and the powerful leadersLet hope this pope by given a more generic message will stand against the power structure of the world

He sure rushed to condemn gay marriage, so it looks like he's just another hypocrite in the child rape scheme known as the Catholic church. Nothing new here.

Yeah guys, lay off those child rapists.  Don't be so quick to judge them until you've spent an hour in their victims.This poop of rome is just another reactionary.  He reminds me of the ideal of communism with a human face--remember that if not look it up.  Religious totalitarianism with a human face mask.'Meet the new bossSame as the old boss.'And everyone is eager to be fooled again.

The first thing this Dress Wearing Freak did when elected was to condemn Gay people, now he talks about not condemning; typical sociopath.

I wonder if that includes the child abusers, rapists, murderers and other lowlife.  Sorry, I will never be able to do that.When you were blessing the military might and their weapons,did you ask for mercy from the animals that were ruling Argentina with a sword and killed thousands and thousands of young university students? you pig, now you are the blessed one in that corrupt Church..

Forgiveness and mercy are good, but I would like to see them balanced equally with protection and justice for the children.

Hope he'll visit our motherland soon

this space we declare infinite, in it are an infinity of world's of the same kind as our own

The first latino POPE I'am so HAPPY.The glass wall is broken

In what language did he give the speech? I'm curious.

Pope Francis is having a blast!! i hope this also shows withthe people that follows him all over the world.

Let's see if "mercy" works for the very far left and their "alternative lifestyle" nonsense. Christ wasn't wrong...no matter what the secularists say &amp; His Church isn't either.

Hey Francie, what about abortion and gay rights?Just another "yes pope".

i worship no 1 but God the father the Sun the Holly ghost---no pope i dont worship mary or you pope i read my bible i no better--------the roman church is the synagog of satan---------Unfortunately Jesus did not say anything about gays...so we cannot draw the conclusions that worked for them, too!!!

That flamer in a pointy hat and a Toga robe is trying to rationalize -- what he REALLY wants is for everyone to forget about the thousands of sicko, flaming pfha--ggets in the catholic church who've molested and irrepairably damaged boys.  Go to Hell, you antichrist.

forgiveness goes with justice dear papa....I will forgive your pedophile priests and cardinals you impose the justice by defrocking them.....do we have the deal Francisco???/

he didn't mind them killing liberals in Argentina

Yeah, what a nice thought, forgiveness!Except that it rings hollow coming from the guilty party.Enough already from the richest city in the world.Forgiveness is fine for those who turn away from there wicked ways.That's not going to happen with the Catholic Church.I have a couple thousand years of historical proof to back me up.

You amongst us who have not sinned, cast the first stone!

you people are fools--this roman church is not of god it is of satan--fools.

Speaking of forgiveness.  How about the Pope ask the world for forgiveness for not only the atrocities of child molestation, but how about the burning of millions at the stake.  Let's be quick not to judge, unless it's us burning you to death...in the name of God no less.  The church is a wolf in sheep's clothing.

i cant stop laughing at the the hypocrisy

come to think of it,,Nobody went to jail for those murders and wars and any crime a catholic priest ever did mostly,,,oh there are a few,,not enough..This pope hates the idea of gay marriage.  Pretty much like everybody else

Bunch of child rapists in robs, These people should be taken out and shot .... in the head.

I consider myself agnostic, but it looks like Pope Francis is off to a good start...

lol...fraud...He will come from nowhere,and represent himself as a man of peace, the people will flock to him like no other...but it will be later revealed that he is in fact - the one with the black heart.

I guess that means he will love and embrace the gay and lesbian community then...

The Pope winked at an altar boy and told the TRUE gospel story of the crowd that wanted to stone a woman who had committed adultery. Jesus told them "let him among you who is without sin, cast the first stone" and then told the woman "go and meet me in my tent for a BJ".

Religious people are the most judgemental people of all.They get on their moral high horses and condemn people who don't agree with them.Religion is a terrible thing.

He wants mercy because of all the hideous pedophile acts his priesthood has committed. Not to mention the countless murders of innocent people through the centuries. These catholics have the blood of millions on their hands. Science needs to invent a pill to cure this horrible disease.

What does he mean by other peoples failures?  Who is he to even judge whether others are a failure or success. Is he talking about homosexuality or the right to have an abortion a failure?  Until the Pope and all other religions except everyone for who they are and allow them their rights then these religions and Pope are but a joke if you ask me.

jesuits are the cia of the vatican. this guy has more skeletons than the catacombs of parisdoes this mean their god is not going to destroy all non-bowers soon? it's been in all their marketing material for years now - may be able to forgive some things but certainly am not allowed to forget 'cause they keep reminding us

Why are you people attacking the Pope so heartlessly?

The new love thy neighbor is loving the rich and famous that can give you something ..NOT YOUR NEIGHBORS AROUND YOU!

Nice attempt to cover up your unforgivable sins there Popeee... Sure feeling the sting for throwing his own Jesuit priests to the Junta wolves.

It time for all of us to top sin and change for good and God's mercy of rest on us. Thank you Pope Francis

Woooooaaahh!......This is such a bizarre new concept for Catholics. Let’s give them a couple centuries to get used to this idea.

Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the LORD!

Wonder when the media will run this as a sign he support gay marriage

As people become more civilized and better educated, will the number of people that beleive in mythology such as the bible, decrease and eventually only mentaly ill people will believe such garbage?

New pope, new gay blade.I am not Catholic but Pope Frances seems just the leader to put the church back in the right standing with the world, approachable and for the people not the politics. God Bless him.

Oh, so now that the chickens are coming home to roost it's all about mercy and not-so-quick-to-condemn. Well, better late than never.

Satans evil vile wicked roman empire is in full swing to deceive everyone  !!!

Satans evil  represenatives deceiving  voice has spoken !!

The catholics showed mercy when hitler was gassing jews  to death !!!

CATHOLICS ARE DESEASED MUTANT SUBHUMAN RATS  !!!

Show mercy dont choke a child when your holding them down molesting them !!!

Show mercy dont be the children your sodomizing !!!

You condemn Yourself before the living God of All Creation..Saying it is Humanity..once again the victim is being ask to kiss your Ring.,,#$%$ You and Your Ring.

"Show mercy, don't rush to condemn" says the leader of one of the organizations at the forefront of condeming anyone and everyone that THINKS or ACT in his/hers private matters not taking in consideration the dogmatic teachings of these organizations.GOD BLESS US--EVERYONE--ON THIS SACRED DAY

Why are people so surprised to hear mercy is the answer.  The two thousand year miss.  Welcome to the ministry of Jesus left for us to carry on.  Hallelujah.

CATHOLIC CURCH = HOMOSEXUAL HIDEOUT

Condemning others?  RCC needs to stop condemning others for following biblical Christianity and refusing to bow their knee to the papacy which is not taught in scripture.   Millions of Protestant Christians have been tortured and murdered by the RCC as recently as the 1940's in Bosnia.   Fellow Christians they condemned, tortured, and murdered !  If Francis is veering the church in the right direction, amen for that, but he also has to address the RCC's centuries-long persecution of other Christians whose mistake it was to simply follow the Bible.

Wow is frightening how the catholics protect evil insted of following God,, today they will give glory to a man by geting drunk

Watch out this one is different and probably the one

The roman empire has not changed its evil ways and never will  !!

I'll steal the bicycle and beg forgiveness... ad nauseam...

This is a kind of man we need in this sinful generation,who will speak the gosple noting else,thank God.

I like the humility of Pope Francis, and that he speaks out against economic injustice.I do, however, take issue with his attitude toward women and gays. I'm just not seeing a whole lot of what resembles mercy in that so far.Good start yes but SHUT UP pope jesus already said that you are NOT jesus

As I go to Mass today, I will thank God for such a sweet man at the helm!

"Show mercy, don't rush to condemn, new pope urges."Let's hope that he remembers his own directive before he begins his next vicious and slanderous assault against gays and lesbians.

Empty words...Catholicism is still fraud!

Don't condemn others, that's his job now.

Anti-pope juden your not fooling anybody ?Abdicate already !WE ARE INSTALLING TRUE PAPAL AUTHORITY !!

This from the Gay Hater Himself. hahahahahahaha, Do you think your God made Gays too??

He would say that now, now that word has leaked out about how he turned a blind eye to the plight of thousands of "disappeared" Argentine dissidents. His total lack of moral courage was remarkable.

Jud en going down.Times up.Full story onl ine. Todays Catholic World.

Time is up !Full sto ry onl ine. TODAYS CATHOLIC WORLD.Pope Francis is truly a blessing for the catholic church and it's people. He seems to be truly focused on the "here &amp; now" to "temper"  FAITH for those who have it and, to "instill" it for those lacking FAITH. He is the ulimate servant of GOD.

anti-pope juden and masonic infiltraters : next elevator going down !!!

find jesus mr poop

Priests take a vow of celibacy. As long as he upholds that vow and remains celibate, it's really immaterial whether he's a pedophile or not. But if he can't respect that vow, and instead, rapes children, mercy and forgiveness are not a consideration. He should be permanently separated from members of the human race.I'll leave it to your imagination as to how that permanent separation should be accomplished. But, since "Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord", my view is that the child rapers should be expedited along their path to the Lord so there is no delay in the repayment.What I don't understand is why the Catholic Church cannot understand that by imposing an unnatural lifestyle on the clergy, they filter for and increase the likelihood of unnatural persons being in that clergy.

Show mercy - so said new Jesuit Pope Francis of South America! Holy bible clearly states that 'Thou shall not Steal'.In North America where﻿ USA &amp; Canada alone is plundering more oil than Saudi &amp; Kuwait output, over﻿ $3 BILLION﻿ daily, as Native American people remain﻿ poorest citizens on their own land beloved fatherland.Before Europeans came,Native population in North &amp; South America Continent was 15 millions; European population in Europe was 30 millions.Today, native population is 30 million &amp; Europeans is at ONE BILLION! [Google 'sicko uncle Sam' at forum]

gee, mercy? that sure would have been nice to witness from that organization the last 1,500 years or so ... and aren't they the ones awaiting the great extermination of all non-believers soon coming to a planet near you?

my prayer answered GOD bless the pope and may he be lead by the holy spirit for counseling the whole world.

AW! SO cute! C'mon, people!! Give pedophiles a CHANCE!! NOT.

a real catholic and a real priest,my suggestion is defrock the college of cardinal,demote all the bishops and start all over,allow women to be equal as priest,bishops and especially cardinal,and the church may last another 2000 years.

Time is up!Full sto ry onl ine. Todays Catholic World."Then I heard the LORD say to the other men, "Follow him through the city and kill everyone whose forehead is not marked. Show no mercy; have no pity! Kill them all – old and young, girls and women and little children. But do not touch anyone with the mark. Begin your task right here at the Temple." So they began by killing the seventy leaders. "Defile the Temple!" the LORD commanded. "Fill its courtyards with the bodies of those you kill! Go!" So they went throughout the city and did as they were told."   (Ezekiel 9:5-7 NLT)

pope turn over the-  trillions your church  has stolen from the people.

stay out of politics mr poopy

Didn't take long for the ignorance to appear. Show mercy? Yeah, right, for what? The  murder of an entire family by some crazy, the shooting of innocent children, priests molesting children???? Dear Lord, please give me some patience to deal with this stupidity.

click on my name for secret of j ews read and scroll .

Ten to one, this #$%$ is a communist......You watch.

Popes....are...."JOKES"......!!!!!No EARTHLY,,,,, MAN,,,,,can...."fFORGIVE".

He seems like good man....A little out of touch maybe, but that is ok

people pope?where the billion followers have no right to vote on their pope.they does not know the name until the smoke come outsmoke -god sign?

show mercy, says the child rapist.  be forgiving, says he who was complicit in the murder of fellow priests.  don't be so quick to judge, says he now in charge of the world's largest criminal cabal.i don't know why Humanity seems to think this insane organizational beast called the churchhas any right to absolution of Crime any more than the least man standing...Earth is where We live,,Earth is where the Trial should be..Mankind don't need your stinking God.

I hope he shows mercy to the little boys he's about to sneak up on.

No one has the power of mercy so how can you be merciful?

"Have a nice Sunday and have a nice lunch" ! This Pope is delightful !!!! What a breath of fresh air.

What is wrong with the Catholic Church?  While it's true that it is among the BIGGEST business in the world, in the the biggest, in terms of worldwide properties, investments, etc. why do they then have to elect two Popes which are soo far removed from the masses which they purport to represent:  Benedict who as a youth serve in Hitler's #$%$ youth org. and this Pope who serve faithfully the dictates of the murderous Argentine FASCIST (totalitarian capitalist) dictators during the 1970's -1980's and who even turned against his own Jesuit priests by facilitating their torture and murder?

Satans catholic pedophile army wants your soul for the antichrist !!!!

If Catholics read a bible they would know this insted of waiting for there god pope  to tell them,, they will forget today as there getting drunk on St. pats day

He is telling the 'faithful" not be so "critical" of pedophile priests. I say, you do your job and get them out of the priesthood and into court and I will not be so quick to condemn them and you for covering it up for may many years Does that sound like a deal Frank?

Yeah right !!!"Let's not be naive, we're not talking about a simple political battle [gay marriage bill]; it is a destructive pretension against the plan of God," wrote Cardinal Bergoglio in a letter sent to the monasteries of Buenos Aires in 2009. "We are not talking about a mere bill, but rather a machination of the Father of Lies that seeks to confuse and deceive the children of God."

Crucify all pedophile cathoilics upside down on crosses and burn them alive !!!Trees used to be decorated in Dec. with candles made from the  fat of children sacrificed to the gods, This is one pagan tradition still   celebrated but disguised as Jesus birthday, something he never told us to  celebrate.  One of the gods of spring fertility was called Istar and celebrated with bunnys and eggs,   What a slap in the face to Jesus when he died for our sin!!!!!!!!!!!!

The pedophile pope  caesar  will show mercy by throwing real christians to the lions again in the arena !!!

Papa have to invitation to Islamic world " we don't enemy " Because, record is not clean of west.

"Forgive us pedophiles" Dont imprison us for a crime.

a new head of a pedophile network. What a #$%$.

Catholics and jews are both evil abominations of all mankind !!!

Yeah right humility... in front of the cameras! Seems a bit of a contradiction to me...

I can see that he read some of that Top Secret report.He knows they are in trouble and is trying to set things up where they aren't condemned for their own actions.

The roman catholic empire was also the nazi regime !!!

Supporting any religous false prophet is supporting satans evil army  !!!Show mercy and don't be quick to condemn.  I'm sure he's talking about child molesters.  These popes and priests are nothing but kiddie fiddlers in fancy clothes and the furthest thing from Jesus there could ever be.  Jesus said anyone who hurts a child would be better off with a millstone tied around his neck and dropped into the sea.  It's not one or two priests that molest kids...it's all of them and I'm sure they have secret circle jerks at the vatican.  It's a homosexual pedophile organization, nothing more.

The last con man that occupied this seat said the same thing as the pedophile crisis grew. Expect another "crisis" for this abomination to arise. The new popephile is just preparing his child-abusing flock.

"Old school with new RULES"

i find,, words like these in defense of men like them grotesque,,When the church was busy torturing people for not thinking like them having No thought what so ever of mercy..only forced religion..repressing mankind's ability to understand our world...Where was the Mercy then..and where is the do unto others now..No,,Their crimes are theirs to endure betweenthem and their #$%$ selves...just don't think i will do any judging,,although my vote isEnd their madness by leaving them preaching to themselves...Buy a little forgiveness,,say a million hell Mary's and go and sin no more...but the problem is,,,you forgive these men over and over and they just keep doin the same old #$%$.

Catholics dont need God they can do it without him just like satan said!!

The Roman Catholic Church will soon undergo change.  Priests will be required to wear protection while abusing children.  Keep the icing in the bag.

Like the same mercy your pope and bishops showed our children Freak In JERK

I wonder if he has sexually assulted any young boys yet. There is no god or jesus and all religions are nothing but a bunch of idiots, Quit living in the dark ages and get with the modern times.~I Bring You A Message of Goodwill!~~The Goodwill Ambassador~

What's Popes position on people vanishing in his homeland of Argentina after being "detained" by police/army? Just forgive and forget? Mostly forget, I bet. He's out of there now!

There is a big problem with this Pope because he cites card. Kasper who is a liberal and progressive. be prepared for BIG PROBLEMS in the not so distant future!When the world ends i hope and pray i have a front row seat to the gates of hell to watch all the deceived souless evil people  getting incinerated straight into hell  !!!

Supporting the pope is supporting satan and the antichrist !!!

CATHOLICS HELPED HITLER KILL JEWS !!!

CATHOLICS ENJOY SODOMIZING EACH OTHER !!!

The king pedophile pope is a deceiving  representative for satan and the antichrist !!!

ONLY GOD CAN SHOW TRUE MERCY !!!

ALL FAKE  RELIGIONS SUCK !!!

He's a hypocrite #$%$. He says gay adoption is child abuse. He's judging and condemning people straigt away with that comment. For me , child abuse is when priests and bishops sexually expolit children and the Vatican covers it up!!! Effin catholic hypocrites that practice selective Christainity that only suits thier needs!!! Rot in hell!!!

Is this an attempt to release liability and responsibility of child rapes sanctioned by the Vatican?

Show mercy on pedophiles, you freak?No thanks.This sounds like the opening act in their next production - "How to Worm Out of the Pedophile Disaster". Step 1. Be more forgiving of each other. Step 2. Yes, some priests have sinned. Step 3. We should be forgiving of them. I would bet the farm on it.

I  smile every time I see him, but I'm not catholic.

let's hope Francis' way of doing things continues and is passed on to the rest of the Catholic church authorities so that it may once again back to serving God by serving it's followers and not itself

Forgive ? .... My #$%$ .... Are we to forgive the child abusers, mass murderers, terrorists, spouse abusers .... The list is much longer, and if you think that forgiveness will help solve the problem .... I wish you luck .... Yes, Jesus is "reported" to have said that .... But I seem to recall something about an "eye for an eye" .... So keep turning the other cheek .... all it will get you is a good smack up the other side of your head.

yeah right, preach that face to face with one of your abuse victims franky boy

And there he goes....pulling that wool over.

-we don't want your mercy, or any other tokenism from you, Sir!-for your churches'(when you speak to all christians and non-christians, as you should,all christian congregations, including the United Church at present)past, give and ask for, atonements and acknowledgements for all the wrongs,your tourist attractions dealt us,(would you even exist, were it not for the architecture and art in Vatican City;and yet, a Vatican Jail would still be the better tourist attraction)-AND all the 'Jerusalems', all over the globe!-AND all "The Pruzz", all over the globe!'-AND all '''The Thomas Muentzers''', et al!-7 crusades over 300 years(the last 3 just children, never left the shores and all perished)of 6,000,000 of your own slaughtered!)-53 years of warfare with the Pruzz alone,butchered, enslaved and scattered to the 4 winds!-what of all the Protestants(of which your congregation is not the first)you massacred!When you want a more just society come to Canada and run for President!When you want us to show mercy and give forgiveness ask us first wether we want to forgive and never forget, show you mercy and allow Jesus to do as you ask!IT IS NOT AT "YOUR SERVICE, MASTER",just as 'they' are not 'your' Cardinals, 'they' are ours, even though not by us elected, but selcted by 'you', Sir! Just as you are at"OUR SERVICE", first and foremost!---souvenirs; indeed--- a wrist watch, to be sold like hot cakes for a dime!... are you asking for time,... at a timeless time, in time!-clean up the store first!

Great message hope the Vatican &amp; church members listen and practice it too.

Just another sicko hiding behind religion.

I don't see truth in him. I think hes just blinding people for right now.humility mercy and forgiveness....a warning he's not gonna do a thang.

Christians, esp. catholics don't know how to love thy neighbor anymore. they are absolutely the most judgemental people I meet. they persecute gays, hate atheists, and if you are a poor immigrant (like Jesus!!) you are treated like you are satan! and the owrst part is that in their heads they think their hate is justified because the "bible says so" even though it clearly says for them NOT to do these things. hypocrites...

The roman  catholics helped hitler kill jews to satisfy satans  appetite !!!

God will punish the evil  wicked catholic pedophiles soon !!!

CATHOLICS ARE #$%$ !!!

God needs to impale every preist thru the rectum on wooden stakes including the pedophile king  pope !!

The roman catholics showed mercy when they helped nazi war crimnals escape from justice !!!

The Holy Ghost wants Cardinal Schoenborn from Austria to be Pope.  If Pope Francis really wants to follow St Francis, he must refuse the Papacy and say Cardinal Schoenborn will make the best Pope. Just as St Francis refused his father's wealth.  How much work can a 76-year old Pontiff do?  How much energy and drive does he have to do it?  The Holy Ghost wanted Cardinal Schoenborn to be Pope 8 years ago, when Benedict was elected.  Not surprising the Cardinals blew it again.  Weak Pope Benedict was fiddling in Rome, zoned out in the writing zone, ever since years ago, when he was JPII's #1 man to fight priest abuse.  Recall what the Holy Ghost did to JPI in 1978?  He was Pope for 33 days.  The Holy Ghost don't play.

Romans empire /catholics  killed all the real christians so they could maintain worldly satanic power over all religous domnions !!! When the roman empire supposebly was lost !!

Satans wicked  religous deceiving dominions are taking over the world !!!Lies, deceit and child molesting are the catholic way !!!

The pedophile preists and the pedophile king  pope  need to all die from aids real soon  !!!

God needs to visit on easter and chop off demonic preists heads on their unholy demonic  altars !!!

Satans armys  have elected a new antichrist  leader and are preaparing for unholy war  !!!