If I recall correctly, the last health minister only asked for more funds and SHE got fired for that. If the new heath minister wants to keep his job - just don't ask and don't tell.

I wonder what the Health minister does in Iran? Probably passes out Flintstone vitamins, and snake oil.

As caretaker,does this mean he sweeps and polishes the furniture???

Very Nice!  He must be in charge for setting up the virgins for his countrymen.  He better get busy.  Those Islamic/Muslim animals are going to need them!

Muslim behavior is criminal towards girls sold like dogs and in Afghanistan they have the practice of dancing boys where they take young boys from poor families pay the families and the boy is taught to dance in girls cloths in a gathering of men e ven police and high up officials attend and later is sold for the night to a man for sex. so the muslim pigs abuse children in general. The problem is with muslims having 8 or more children per family in most countries and citizens of countries 1-2 kids muslims will sooner or later be the majority. In Germany they say by 2050 it will be a muslim country. so think of that those backwards criminals will be running the world one day glad i won't be here.

WHO THE F CARES??

islamic societies are the most hypocritical, most barbaric, and most sickthis is the very sad truth - just wait, you will something crazy about iranian health systemlike they torture homosexuals or women are prevented from seeking medical attention if they get raped or some other crazy aspect to their sick islamic heritage

Mohammad-Hasan Tarighat Monfared is good health minister and famous doctor.  He invent antibiotics for HIV virus.

Any women in this demonic group of thugs and devils?????

Caucasian "White" race IranGoogle "Persian People"The Persian people are part of the Iranian peoples who speak the modern Persian language and closely akin Iranian dialects and languages.The origin of the ethnic Iranian/Persian peoples are traced to the Ancient Iranian peoples, who were part of the ancient Indo-Iranians and themselves part of the greater Indo-European ethnic group