In the 1970's, the feds. were arresting loan sharks for charging 10%. Now the feds work for the loan sharks.

Good! Hope the stock price of these credit vultures keeps going down.

Biggest Thieves in America!!!

We need to fight credit card companies with education. It should be manditory for all kids graduating high school to take a class in personal finance so they aren't fresh meat to the evil credit card companies after they get into the real world. They ruin peoples lives and laugh.

on april 1st everyone can use there cc cards free of charge from 9am-10am.

all credit card companies are loan sharks,but if you play the game right and stay focus with ur financial picture you should be fine.you just have to watch how you spend and dnt spend money you dont have.having a cc with a good limit is tempting

The card companies have been handing out credit apps on college campuses for a long time. They give you the $500-750 limit and from then on they have you on the credit hamster wheel.

I hate myself for being in credit card debt. I doublt I will be out by the time I retire. I really cannot blame anyone but myself for being so stupid. I have taught my kids to do as I say and not as I do. They are and aren't following in my footsteps.

I LOVE CC companies!   rewards so far:  Discover $456.  American express/costco $198.  Mariott visa. one night stay anually free as well as points.  Amazon/visa, $203  all this for free, whats not to like.

most people prabbly dont know that if u defalt on a credit card they can not only get a court order to take your taxes if they dont feel they are geting paid quickly enough they can get another court order without your knoledge and come to your house and take assets be it your vehicle or anything else to settle the debt including your home. So every one be ware that credit might cost you more than you thought.Been to the Malls lately?  Witness the customers? How do you think they are buying all that expensive bling???

If you keep your credit card paid off every month who cares what the interest rate or late charges are?  I get hundreds of dollars back and free flights from the credit card companies, something I wouldn't get by using cash or a debit card.  On the plus side, returning merchandise is a breeze with a credit card because they have a file of it.  Credit cards aren't evil.  Credit card companies aren't evil.  Stupid people are the ones making the credit card companies rich.

I hope ALL credit card companies go out of business.  Especially Cap 1.  They are really loan sharks in disguise.

Credit cards are a scam.  Use cash or at least at debit card.

What I found interesting about the credit card companies is that Discover is one of the very few companies that Do Not oursource their customer service or any of their jobs.

Put them out of business.  USE CASH.

In other news, my credit score just reached an all time low of 50!  Details at eleven!

This is one of the reasons credit card companies are over charging on everthing,,,

F&gt;&gt;&gt;K banks and credit card companies use all their money get as much as you can and dont pay them back

Right here is most of the problem......its the only way

I'm a little lost. I think they closed at that price at the end of the day. Tomorrow is another day and a fraction of a percent in a day is nothing. I assume it is supposed to be the end of the year trading. If it is, there is still no high or low market prices listed. This article is just jibberish.

Here is another reason wealthy need to pay more taxes. Let the numbers speak ! I say no more.

ever try to explain how credit works and why people borrow money to a child, in terms they can understand? Try it. Once you hear yourself explaining it out loud that way, and your child is looking at you like........."what kind of idiot would do that?' you realized just how nonsensical "credit" is.  Your kid is looking at you like your some kind of chump and sucker.  Credit is evil.

Screwed again!

That's how big institutions stirring the market and take advantage from small investors.  How could a stock fluctuate up 10, 20, 30% in months and down 15%, 20% in within a week?  They keep making news to create waves for their own benefit.