They come up with new drugs to help you live longer and at the same time the government comes out with new health plans to kill you off sooner. Where's the logic to all of this. Plus, if your part of the baby boomer generation your being blamed for the healthcare crises. That means the next generation, the ME generation, will be the next ones to be blamed for the healthcare crises. This will never end

The US healthcare system subsidizes medical device companies by paying much higher prices for the same products sold around the world. Prices for implantable devices and imaging procedures can be 5 to 10 times what is charged in other countries and our quality is no better and probably worse.

The headline should read, "Final Glance AT Medical Devices Companies."  After Obamacare and its onerous regulations &amp; penalties hit, there won't be any medical devices companies left.

Time for them to close up shop in the US move out of the US if they want to survive.

Why don't you idiots get it right. The Medical device companies are set for a windfall with Obamacare.  Obamacare adds 40,000,000 new customers for the medical device companies.

Yep these are the people making millions.  A good portion of hospitals barely operate in the black, but almost every medical device company operates well into the black.

I love it Al Franken realizes his district is a hub for medical device companies, and that poor pathetic fool has no idea what to do except cry like a baby in his office now asking for a change in the law.  Oh poor baby, you are as corrupt as all the rest of them, you sorry pathetic fool.

You all do realize that tooth brushes and dental floss are also considered as "medical devices" under the Deplorable Care Act, i.e. Oba-mao Care

These are the people the Gov. should go after for more money.  It cost us a bundle when there products are used on us, even a damn pill.  one pill can cost 30dollars. There is a big problem.

Maybe the tax increase on the "rich" will make up for all of the jobs lost.No worries, when Obamacare fully implements these companies will be making a fortune with Kickbacks going to no other than, Obama! With the Middle Class paying for the Brunt of this Nonsense and the Obamanites believing that we have Free Healthcare with No Cost! Such a DISSERVICE to everybody, with regard to no Party Affiliation!

the tax shouldn't effect profits if they pass the tax on to the consumer, or the insurer who then passes it on in premium. no reason to lose money due to obamacare taxation.

WHAT??? "Abbott Labs, Allergan, Bard, Baxter, Boston Scientific, etc" YOU CALL THESE ""Medical Devices companies"????  These are "Gadget" makers! General Electric Medical Systems, Siemens, J&amp;J, Philips, Fischer Imaging, Toshiba Medical, Shimadzu ....... THESE ARE REAL Medical devices companies, not some two bit pacemaker and surgical ancillary monitor gadget makers!!Get REAL!  A $50 Million MRI vs a $2,000 pacemaker?? HA!!

J&amp;J and GE don't make medical devices, they buy companies that did, then they suck the life out of them.  Both companies are just Investment banks that suck the most money they can  out of health care.  They could careless about patient and there employees!