I never understood the "Assault Anyone Who Shows Disrespect" thing.Respect is earned, not automatically given...

I am glad to hear the "Native Mob"  is not immune to state and federal laws.

Doesn't matter who, what, or where. There will always be those who believe that they can terrorize people into doing what they want.

"The racketeering law is a tool rarely used against gangs...."  Isn't that who it was MEANT for??  Gotta wonder about some of these lawyers.

Are they Indians or native Americans?I was told never to say Indian.Now they're Indians again?I'm confused

Of course, if we were a civilized nation, all these charges would require life imprisonment, or at least lifetime restrictive parole. And the prisoners would actually work to support their imprisonment, rather than the taxpayers.

When are you going to go after the "American Government" gang known for terrorizing people?

I can understand the hate towards these gangbangers...but why all the hate against Indians?

We need to round up every gang member across the USA and drop them off on a remote Island and never look back ,  that way no one will ever have to pay for their actions.

Gangs are.just no longer acceptable. Their behavior is rude and disrespectful they have no honor no respect. Its all in their tiny little mindsAmerica is full of criminal gangs of every ethnicity.

Geez, they couldn't just open a casino to steal people's money? It works for Indians everywhere else in the country.

Low hanging fruit. Native Mob is bush league. Lets see them take on the big boys.

maybe the vikings could use the mob?

These NAs are xenophobes. They blame the immigrants for bringing disease and wiping out their people. But if they had universal health care everything would have been fine. There were guys like Cochise who were anti-immigrant but history shows that the open border policy turned out to be a good thing for everyone. Cochise just needed some diversity training.

Put the lawyers in jail with them.  They always have excuses.

A drop in the bucket - nothing for these prosecutors to be proud of. - What about the other thousands of gang members that still commit crimes on a daily basis?

Minnesota Indian Gang sounds like a rock group.

Send them back where they came from,damnabit

the rest of the mob will be on the warpath.when i saw the headline to this my first thought was: Oh god... please tell me they had some cool, Indian gang name like The Suix or The Blackfeet or Mohicans or something.... C'mon, if I were an Injun and was gonna start a gang, you bet your #$%$ it would be named after my tribe... and instead of that tired old "Colors" bs or stupid baggy #$%$d pants and crooked hats, we'd be wearing home made leather hides and head bands with feathers and stuff. And no uzies... only bows and arrows, tommahawks and "thunder sticks" !!!

How?

Dog eaters...

Enough commenting for me on this article.  Reading the racist krappola from the majority of the comments here is boring and not worth a rebuttal.

"Indian Country"?  Could we be a little more vague?  I have no idea the location(s) this article refers to.

"McArthur was a "chief" of the Native Mob, and directed other members to carry out beatings, shootings and other violent acts to intimidate rivals"WRONG again Yahoo... he was a US General in the second world war.... get it right.

Uh...Where are the racial charges?

These people from Banglore should go home....

Everyone on the site told me to watch out for the bloods and the crips and the blacksand the mexicans and the whites, .. Not one word about the American indians, ..they said some of them drink too much, but not a word about organized crime anddrugs and murder just like the guys in Chicago and LA and NY and Detroit.Is this country completely stupid. ..It seems to be bad people every place you look.I bet if we searched every state and city we would all hide under the bed and nevercome out. ..this is a dangerous country, and we don't know half of what is going onevery day.

Send those guys back where they came fromGreat job to the federal people on this one, now lets go after the really big boys, the crips, bloods, mafia, the zetas and other mexican cartels, now that you got your feet wet.

This only proves that we taught Native American Indians well when it comes to being a real American.

Send them to Mexico!

I'm at the point I wish the government would just execute all felons. The country would be a much better place.

I read a report on this Native American gang: The FBI believes their size to number somewhere around 500 members, extending from the states listed above all the way to Oklahoma, New Mexico and Colorado. They engage in extortion (both inside and outside of prison), loansharking, drug sales and trafficking, illegal gambling and they provide "muscle for hire" to both La Familia or any other mob when the price is right. They have invested their illegal money into legitimate businesses, like restaurants, gas stations, etc.. If the feds are going to put this group out of business, they must be able to prove they are a part of a criminal conspiracy via the RICO statutes.

Send them back where they came from,damnabit

If we could only get prosecuters to work as hard to nail the not so native tribe gangs.

"He (George III) has excited domestic insurrections amongst us and has endeavored to bring on the inhabitants of our frontiers,the merciless Indian savages,whose known rule of warfare is an undistinguished destruction of all ages,sexes,and conditions." -The Declaration of Independence.

I went to school with predominantly native peoples , mostly full bloods from various places all places where it gets so cold the car cant run.forget that

Kill them, it will be three less on the reservation.Haven't we babied the tribes long enough...they are starting to represent a welfare state of mind,  When are people going to realize there is no such thing as a noble Indian smoking a peace pipe spouting words of wisdom.  Live with them for a little while and you will see what they are really like. I hear death to the white man who gave them so much and still does. God bless Christopher Columbus.

Custer was right!

The only thing Mexicans excel at is breeding like rodents and gang violence.

That's why we have assult weapons.

The President of the USA has comited far wouse crimes than any of these guys,nothing is said,do we have double standards or what...

Hey ya hey ya hey ya.  Me hatem white people.  Me killem devils with forked tongue.  What a joke America has become.

I lived next to a Rez for over 20 years...the white man did nothing different than the Indians were doing to each other for centuries, they preyed upon their neighbors and "stole" land from each other as well as food, horses and slaves...but the white man is considered "evil" for doing the same thing and trying to drag them out of the stone age into the modern age...we would have been much better off never giving them a Reservation and just making them assimilate like EVERY OTHER GROUP OF DEFEATED PEOPLE WERE MADE TO DO...I know, for those of you with native blood, the truth hurts, but you DO realize that you were allowed sanctions and soverign lands (whatever that means) that NO ONE else on earth were allowed...you LOST a war...get over it and quit crying about the white man, put down your beer or liquor long enough to sober up and start acting like MEN instead of sheep...pick some of the trash and junk out of your ditches and yards and have some self respect and quit bringing up "heritage" all the time, Im pretty sure my white ancestors were hunting and fishing as long as your ancestors were...In short, quit being such whiners and stop expecting a handout all the time, and start a program where all Indians have to share in the casino money across the board- help each other out for a change and quit demanding special spearing and hunting rights, follow the rules and seasons like the rest of us have to...if your land is so special to you then take some pride in it for cripes sakes...

Did he get a wounded knee?

They would have done well on Wall Street.

Instead of prison, can't we just drop them off in NY or Chicago and let them duke it out with the gangs there? Then we could televise it. I'd watch.Savages!

Does Southern Poverty Law Center have them listed as a "hate group?"

Hang them all!!!

Must have been Bush's fault or the racist prosecutors.  Call yoBama, he'll fix it after his next 18 rounds....

Their Punishment should be "Plenty of Booze"

I have some very dear friends who are white and I have to thank the Creator (God) that they are not like most of the commentors here who only have their arrogence, racism and ignorance. Most commentors here haven't the faintest clue of the history of this land and the acts of their government, act's that other governments are condemned for.

The good white man has made a mistake or two over the years.  One mistake was not saving all the Buffalo and killing all the Indians.

A thug is a thug is a thug. No need to put down the race.

Search for the video Ice Age Columbus and discover who the first Americans *really* were.

I agree the white man has taken their landbut they have no right to commit crimesYa know I could understand being angry for land being taken away in the past, but if they were smart, they would buy land little by little and get back a lot of land over time. And hellooooo attacking a man with his LITTLE 5yr old daughter is disgusting; ppl of whom had NOTHING to do with their issues. They need at least 20yrs in prison to smarten up!  smh

Tragic  that  assimilation  of  Native Americans  is  finally  done  thru  prisons  as  a  gang .Rather  hypocritical  for  the  US  to  criticize  China  over  Tibet ,  given  the  way  Euro Americans  have  dealt  with  Native  Americans .

I guess they would show up and hop around in a circle making a wooo wooo wooo noise with their hands and mouth. Right after that they got very very drunk on firewater, got over weight and developed diabetes. Then they blamed the white man for it all.

Kimosabee - Bite my lobie ! Tonto - #$%$ pronto !

They need to go after the gangs in Obama's beloved Chicago with these RICO statutes.

Don't forget, Columbus discovered a country that was already occupied.......with Indians!

Ugh.

Since when did a Native American Raiding Party become gang activity?

If you want to really Punish them Sentence them to life on the Reservation !

Those peaceful Indians?? Hard to believe isn't it?Call in the Seventh Calvary!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Charge them with terrorism, and treat them as terrorists.

And I'll bet there was not one Native person on the jury. And I'll also bet it was mostly whites.

how about some nick names like the italian mobs like anthony ( three feather ) cree, william ( buffalo horn ) morris  now thats more like it  !!!!!

Beating their "tom tom's relentlessly was the beginning of their downfall!

SOMEBODY DIG UP COL. CUSTER..........

"conservative confidence"???

An Indian gang? Sounds scary. NOT. That's feathers not dots on the forehead, right? LOL.

NATIVE Americans have always been considered a Terroist Org.  by the EURO Americans (USA Gov)

For God Sake's where is John Wayne when you need him.The illegal immigrant from hell white man has the nerve to leave racist comments.

Am i the only one that googles the population when i see states like minnesota, south dakota and north dakota in the newes, pardon my ignorance but when i think of them northern midwestern states all i picture is snow and more snow. If it wasn't for the 2 sports team the vikings and the timberwolves would u know people lived out there...

We needum smokum peace pipe.  Getum  mellow.  No more wantum commitum crime.  Only wantum eatum cheetos and bedum down with pale face squaw.

Surely the author realizes that all of this was merely a distressed response to racism and having their land taken from them 200 years ago. So really, this is the fault of white racists.

" a felon in possession of a firearm".  How can that be?  We have over 2200 gun laws in America, what happened?  Apparently he forgot to follow the law!!

They must have been traumatized by all those Indian sports team mascots.

Maybe we can take them out with typhoid-covered blankets.

THE WHITEMAN TAKES YOUR LAND AND THEN LOCKS YOU UP..........ROTFLMFAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!

they watch to many movies,they should just chill &amp; stick to their pow-wows

The only way to start eliminating gangs is to start shooting or hanging them as they are caught. No court is needed. Go by their colors!!!!!its not "yours"...it never was "yours"...we took it a long long time ago and made it OURS...get   over   it!   you are not doing yourself any favors by sitting there blaming the White Man, like many of you have been doing for 150 years, it only stunts your growth as a person to feel as if somebody OWES you something...if your ancestors would have just given up on the pipe dream of things staying as they were and joined the rest of the world, accepted the fact that life as they knew it was OVER and it was time to make some changes, you wouldn't be sitting at that computer right now acting like something was YOURS...you LOST THE WAR, remember?   it was TAKEN from you, and no body feels guilty for you EXCEPT YOU...so quit crying and take the steps necessary to make your life better...

An alleged leader of the Native Mob, 34-year-old Wakinyon Wakan McArthur and Two alleged gang "soldiers" — Anthony Francis Cree, 26, and William Earl Morris, 25.the ameriCON MELTING POT @ WERK.

I say - Give'm all a MOHAWK !!!!!!!!

The government should give that Injun gang blankets inoculated with small pox and free fire water. That seems to shut them up.

It looks like some Native Americans have decided to give the American people some of theabuse and cruel actions that were taken out on their ancestors so long ago. Who knows maybe some of those native people were related by blood to them. A little payback and look at the white man whining.

Drive-by spearing

yeah the white people call us (native American ) and Indians ,and other ,names .we like the white people ,have gangs all over the nation ,and you call us ( Dog eaters )in the old days you would have ate dog !  to! .. and I am proud to be a Native American or Indian ,we know you we are ! thank you .......

American Indian Mafia, it makes sense after all they now control casinos

Nickels; I call them people Politicians, Some are easily Recognized..." They Wear Uniforms with Badges and Guns " !

It's payback timewhat about the gangs in ch la and else were , should pick them all up for terrorism that's what they really are &gt;

Geronimo must be  turning in his grave right now !

Its not "soldier" , its "brave".At least they are PC enough to use "Native" in their name!

crime is crime- white,black,native etc and it is getting worse-It is by far past time for a special group to step into battle with these gangs-lets start at the border the orders would be simple-If you come into this country with out proper notification your dead-no prisoners period. Gangs the same, go in and cut them out so law abiding people can raise a family-count me in,I'll walk from mine untill the deed is done.If we went at them 10 fold like they do after us it would be the end of it. ps any one plastering it on U-tube would also most likely well you get the message I do not have too spell it out.

blame it on the italins evrey one wants to be a Gangster  i think the republicans and democrates have the biggest Gangs in the USA they RULE

T

With the economy being in the dump why do tax payers have to be burdened with their upkeep? Either kill them (instead of giving them room, board, entertainment, medical and education paid for by the tax payers) or let them stay with those who think they should be kept alive with their wives and daughters (especially all you human rights folks).

oh boy the tomahawks will be out tomorrow ,the wikiups emptied of all the fair maidens. on the warpath. never met an injun  i couldn't deal with, give em a bottle of beer and a shot. i owned a bar, one of 32, in denver, and we catered to these heathens in the 70's .cashed their govt checks and walked em back to their little trailer parks. am living nicely off the largesse of the govt and the heathens as i write this, retired at 38, 25 yrs of livng off the, how to say, red blood.   not scalped yet !!

Its high time we crack down on these simplistic jagwads. They run roughshod all over rules and regs because they have been for so long now, without repercussion.  My brother and I came across a portage bridge several years ago, where the native tribe  had thrown probably 300 spawning walleyes up on the shore to die... just because they could. The fish weren`t eaten, just left to rot.

They should free zimmermanNoe ga cha cha...... Noe ga cha cha......noe ga noega.

That's what happening if you don't allow people to smoke pipe of peace

I thought we tought them long ago who was the biggest gang. The u.s. Goverment!

Believe it or not,we have Millions of Whites at Blacks who are mixed with Native American  Indians.Reminds me of the song Cher sings,HALF BREED.

Send them back to their own country ... oh wait.... never mind.

A lota lonely squas ?

There are 8 million in America that claim they are Irish, even though there are only 3 million in Ireland. My dude Waki Wakan Mcarther, with his Irish last name feels a need to join an "Indian gang".  Maybe it's time for people to get their self worth from their own actions, and not those of their "Race, color, or creed".

What the casinos not getting enough money for them...loser...have a drink of fire water and some pollio ridden blankets you savages...

Don't worry folks .....Obummer is going to have his boy in the Attn. Gen. dept. to get the convictions vacated.

They ain't got shizz on MS13. Fully franchised and coming to your neighborhood soon.This is why (AIM) American Indian Movement, was created in the first place. The Feds have a History of Civil Rights violations against Native Americans. The Charges are probably Trumped up!

Biggest mistake the white man ever made was not making these thieving , drunk ,useless race extinct.

And with all these gangs nationwide, the government worries about taking guns from lawbidding citizens.  Why doesn't anyone commiting any murders, shootings(unless self-defense), drug dealings, robberies, beatings or rapes while being a member of a gang, hired by a gang, or performing such actions for a gang, be sent to prison for no less than 20 years to life on each count convicted.   No parole, no good time earnings, no early releases for any reason.

Winter missed the same #$%$ in New York. The canadien border is a hotbed of crime on the res.

and that's why us white folk call em' "Savages"

White  Europeans were here before the  so called Native Americans were here!   So, get the #$%$ out!

My bad I though all indians still lived on the reservation and all they did was drink. Guess the casino bonanza has changed alot of things.

native Americans became indians when Colombus  mistakenly landed in America and thought he was in India. Stupid ideas come from stupid people.

now they will get plenty of time in prison to learn how to make Indian Dream Catchers.

They were looking for some 40 oz to drink-_- this is why people look down on natives because of this #$%$. They chose to do that and follow that way. That way meaning the outer world its the influences around us that make us or break us and it's killing and hurting our people. All tribes have their issues and if we all decide to speak up then hopefully this madness will stop when we choose to speak up we are silenced through violence and hate crimes. Its sad and its sick to think this. But its true.

Sure pick on some nishnabes alleged gang members. Free Leonard Peltier he's an alleged murderer too. The government is allegedly taking action to help the  nishnabes they stole,raped,burned, and colonialized too

These racist Hicks and Morons should go back to where your people come from and give is back what's ours in the first place and if it weren't for the idiocy of YOUR people then Our people wouldn't have Been influenced by YOUR STUPIDITY. DO YOUR HISTORY

Native Americans are the most violent and most racist types of people.