Yum is down 6%.DPZ is good stock,but currently it is overpriced by 12 to 15%.Wait for pullback in mid 30s.

Results 'mixed."?  Eight fell, two gained  Chipotal's lost a bit.

what a sad excuse they use for restaurants morte like ratserants

There is an old rule to "investing" :  If it sounds too good to be true,then avoid... The average annual sales per Chipotle Mexican Grillrestaurant is about twice that of a company owned McDonald's restaurant :2 million US compared to 900,000 US... Chipotle Mexican Grill has about1,000 restaurants in total.  Burger King has about 10,000.  Annual salesat Burger King last year were about 2 and a half billion US (give or take afew hundred million).  Chipotle's most recent annual sales (12 month trailing)was about 2 billion US... The numbers are soo extraordinary, that I have towonder if Chipotle's management is not "cooking the books", and why analystswho cover this stock are not similarly astounded at the numbers... The numbersseem too good to be true.

Given that the person who makes your meal may also be the onewho serves you, and CMG's emphasis on pre-orders via smartphoneapps, there is the psychological appearance of "gee, if they don't like me,well I get a nice meal?" effect.  And so, you might conclude that CMG isnot a very good company from a social perspective, especially given thehistory in the US of "denial of service" attacks in the service industry.  Also,there is their fanatical devotion to saying no to "pesticides and antibiotics".Is that really a good thing?  If I remember correctly, in the movie 'The NannyDiaries', in the restaurant, she advices her not to order the burger becauseshe cannot guarantee if the chefs there treat the meat with antibiotics beforeputting the burger on the grill.  So, for some, the antibiotic-loaded burger, is"the good stuff".From an ethical investor's perspective, he might decide to hedge by buyingshares of CMG common.  If the company fails, and he is of the opinion that"pesticides and antibiotics are great" than that is a victory.  On the other hand,if the company succeeds and begins to pay dividends, that too, is a kind ofvictory.  Although, if you think about it, the latter would be more of a dubiousconsolation prize, for really, you desire to see a moral victory, rather than aconsulation prize.  "Red Skull and his enemies" being vanquished, is preferableto "great news - our franchise rights are still protected under the new regime".That said, perhaps you are of the opinion that CMG is the best thing to happen tothe world since Coca-Cola, in which case, buying CMG common is not a "hedge",but more like "icing on the cake" if it succeeds and begins to pay dividends...Let's face it, money is useful, for who will do "stuff" for you, for free?  Everybody?

DPZ is down 1% today.The stock should be in mid 30s.Wait for it to come down than enter this scrip.