What we pay to countries having been called foreign aid would've been called "Tribute" back in the days of the Roman Empire, of aka......'Bribes'

And , other than hiding all of the corruption with US Aid ! The Swiss Banks and Cyprus should seize and return ill gotten  gains !

why do we continue to send aid to this country when we are in such financial debt?

American dollars at work.

the elected goverment in this country doesn`t have any idea what is going on anyway, the military runs pakistan and all their secret terrorist run activitys.

cut all ties 2 pakistan enough all ready country who hid bin laden not our friendsperiod!

Why can't our government leaders resign???

I'm so envious! I wish our whole government would resign. XD

End all aid to Pakistan. Why support a country who hates us?

We only give them about 15 billion per year! By the time we pay interest on that 15 billion it is 50 billion! Just ask Bernanke!Pakistan? We are in debt to China. Why are we still messing around with these money pits?

I don't think we should interfere for them trading oil and grains. Interfering wouldn't do any good for us, nor for them. They need grains and don't have money to pay for the oil. We should leave it as their internal affair.

Foreign aid should be called a way of trying to buy friends. It never works.

"Ashraf portrayed the problems in the country as something inherited from the previous regime of ousted leader Gen. Pervez Musharraf"...sounds familiar

Stop all aid to them and then see how they treat us.  They are the dog that is biting the hand that feeds it.  China and Iran are not about to step in and give them $6 billion a year.

no american money for pakis we need to spend the money in america for americans

We don't need the 'help' of this piece of chit country with al-Qaeda.  This piece of chit country is al-Qaeda!

I wish America's government would also resign.

let's stop throwing money in that hole.

still going to be a $%$% hole of a nationjust like the USA dems or repubs either one youvote for we still lossand we all know how well free elections go in Muslim countries...right?Egypt anyone?

Pakistan is a melting pot of numerous terrorists and it's only a matter of time before the government is overthrown and a radical muslim takes over...and these punks have nukes as well...

democracy...lol...it will soon turn into another iran

A failed state of extremists and hypocrites.India should invade and take back this Indian territory and expel the Muslim infidels to Siberia.

I wish our government would resign and start over with people who can actually do something other than party and take vacations.

Elections in this country are never smooth...There are always protestors and riots that break out to contest a nominee who is eventually elected..

Oh good now we can line the pockets of more of our enemies!

Oh goody! They still hate us and would like to see us dead. We have a "huge"deficit. Stop throwing our money at countries that are openly hostile toward us. That includes "humanitarian" aid. It doesn't ever reach those who really need it anyway.

Pakistan &amp; India, as unlikely as it maybe that we should support them financially (Pakistan especially) are key Nuclear power nations in that area of the world. They are the only two nations there where something resembling democracy is allow to survive.

This seems like an outcome that would be totally acceptable to liberal Dems.  Declare victory and resign with the entire cabinet!  I can see Obama accepting this result rather than being convicted by the Senate after he's impeached by the House...I hope the boy is paying attention!Hussein Obama and his nazi thugs should do the same so the GOP can RESTORE America!"My friends, we live in the greatest nation in the history of the world. I hope you'll join with me, as we change it."-- Hussein ObamaImpeach Hussein Obama now!Your fair share is not in my wallet!What does the truth matter - Hitlery.

Pakistan is a shithole and is getting worse as islamic law takes it over!  The USA should stop giving our money to this worthless muslim country!!!

good so now good people will be elected

What a mess that place is. I think I'd still rather hang out in Islamabad then a Carnival cruise ship.

Why couldn't we be so lucky in the US???

Pakistan can only do one thing - try to save face amongst their people and sometimes in front of the muslim world.  The only way to save face - lash out at the US even though we give them billions.  When the majority of the people are uneducated and religious zealots you don't have a government or a democracy - you have anarchy and chaos.  In 1947 - they wanted to go it alone vice being part of India - they couldn't handle it then - they can't handle it now.

This is the second country in the Middle East to change/ or form a new Govt. in the last three days. I guess that OBAMA will increase the WELFARE payments to them(Pakistan and Israel).

Another turd in the toilet bowl.

The key question is do the Islamist terrorists which are part of the Pakistani military accept democracy.  They are the power and the ultimate deciding factor on who runs Pakistan.  The mistakes made in the past is that the US government assumed the Pakistani civilian authority had some say in the outcome.  Result, todays quaigmire in Afghnistan is so because the Pakistani military is busy destablizing Karzai's government behind the scene in collusion with the Talibans, while the US and NATO forces are desperately trying to patch up things in the front.

lol its so funny how americans think the world is running on their money. do u guys know how much money u owe to china.Give then another billion when will we as a people wake up from reality tv and realize that they r not our friend and beer will be

Yah baby.. now you can get some Taliban's in there....just what you need... maybe you and the Indians can nuke each other and save the world from your BS...

Americans are ready to donate half of their assets to help Pakistan stabilize.

Pakistan Zindabaad.

Now, can we get our $ billions back for all the ´´aid´´ we have sent them over the past decade?

we  fund  india who used to ally to russia when we were incold war with them

Failure! E Pakistan departed as Bangladesh, Pak was involved with Osama and 911. Now church destruction, killing minority Shia, Christians etc and looting their belongings. Attacked visiting Sri Lanka cricket players, shot Malala to stop women's education. Pak rupee has collapsed to the rate of US 1 penny and is still sinking. Downward spiral continues!!

US, stop sending Pakistan money now.  To hell with them.

Bring Musharaf back to lead this country. Then he will make another stupid move like attacking india. Then history repeats again.

I've been to Pakistan twice before and it truly is a beautiful country. I sincerely hope and pray Pakistan starts moving in the right direction! I'm glad Raja Ashraf is stepping down and allowing a peaceful transition of power.It was also this Democratic Pakistan Govt. that was harbor ring Bin Laden . Pakistan cheated the west all thru its history thru various roles. present role is Democratic Jihadi. this nation has simply misguided the Islam people turning them inti hard core anti west machine.

This nation survives by its jihadi black mail misusing Islam and even under the garb of. Democracy the Jihadi mentality maybe a tally more active. It is the western tax payer who pays for the survival of this so called nation.

finally!!! btw shut up americans u r money is not enough to run that country and its not in billions its only in millions, infact pakistan lost more just by supporting US so called war on terror. it is ur war, not pakistans, pakistan have faced so many suicide bombing and terrorist attacks because of that.

When i was in France , I met a Pakistani man , He said where are you from? i said USA. he sad F$$% you!! It Also happened in China. But the women love us because were helping there cause. and maybe they want a green card.

All politicians even Pakistan's President Zardari American and UK stooges.And all off them are criminals. In that country High court judges they are Criminals. over thier people is good.

all i can say is in a strange way if our polatitians don't get their shiet together,i can see it happening in the U.S. sooner or later

#$%$ all of these #$%$ up people.They wouldn't even make good fertizer.

And besides, american isnt giving any "fee aid" they have their motives and interests in foreign affairs. Do you know the amount of interest the developing countries have to give in return of this so called "aid"?, You can't be that naive,

It is in USA's interest, that they are paying in PEANUTS, our contribution is much much more,then what must be returned to Pakistan.

frst get rd of ths ding bat we have in the oval office he s the biggest idot we ever had leadng america hell jimmy carter was better and that is saying a lot tell him this is not a community orgin.lke he use to belong toohow come no one listens how about stop having any thing to do with #$%$.pull our dplomates out and chage there diplomates out of america and no aid mwhat so ever they are nothng but trouble makers  we dont need them and as for there nuke weapons give them one good stern warnng you make one wrong move with your nukes and you will know what nukes are all about and that means no harborng terrost if you do you wll be attacked military wth full force enough of there bull sht and as afar as u.b.l. you damn well know he was there

What an eye-catching title for this article.  If we could only get the US government to resign...  Ahh, wishful thinking.

and lets not forget, bin laden is a creation of united states. America creates terrorists and then blames them for it. Russians know how to treat america right, dont be surprised when Russia and China kicks your #$%$. Stupid Obese civilization.

American money is not "truly american" either. So if you are saying "no american money for pakis", the equivalent of that for americans should be " no oil, no extra food consumption, no resources, and cheap labour" for americans either, then you will see the real side of america. Grow up and open your eyes, Americans are the real cause of problems in the world.

Long live India!!

nice...a nuke state without a government !

Government of The People is just as good as the People of the country who elected their corrupt leaders to run the new government with NEW masks with the same faces.The living example that few things never change...one of them is the Mentality.The whole Apple is rotten FROM the Core. The Nation has no concept of self-DISCIPLINE.Without Discipline, there is NO Future. Promises and big speeches will NOT do anything.hasn't done anything in the last 65 years.The new crop of 'leaders' come from the same culture with NO Discipline.God will not help those who refuse to help themselves, with HONESTY and Hard work.

The MOST CORRUPT government, a stigma on the name of democracy in Pakistan's history. Thank you for making every Pakistani,  for generation an " Economic Slave' of IMF and World Bank.. Mr.10% President owner of Surrey Palace and Blawal Palace!!!

Resigned? C'mon there are limits to things, please