And yet fewer people are working....

Yet, another Yahoo lie!  The number one reason unemployment shows lower in Nevada is, alot of people moved out after not finding a job.  The number two reason unemployment is lower in some states is alot of folks stopped filing unemployment application(s) due to expired benefit!

If they had an ACCURATE count of how many people are unemployed and underemployed, then I would read this article.

More media propaganda. Does Yahoo know what people think of them?

Most states have seen more people just give up which improves the unemployment rate.

That may very well be, but the unemployment rate is still way too high and the jobs created are not the kinds of jobs that can sustain families in a comfortable manner.

You don't see anything about how many companys went out of business. How many owener-operators have lost their trucks due to no freight or cheape paying freight. These people are not covered by unimployment insurance. This is one lie after another but it makes Odipshit look good.

love how Yahoo spins this by saying most states unemployment is down, 24 states the unemployment is UP and of the other states is it because people have STOPPED looking for work or have MOVED. be nice to get a straight unbiased report from Yahoo instead of LIES or HALF TRUTHS

Until this statistic adds the unemployed that "are not actively pursuing employment" it will remain absolutely useless.

Likely they are just manipulating their statistics just like the Feds.Most states begin 2013 with less jobs, more unemployed, more on welfare and food stamps that 2012.

Life according to the media ..everyone wants gay marriage ,everyone is getting back to work ,everyone supports amnesty for illegal immigrants ,everyone want to ban semi automatic rifles or guns altogether ...yet only six  months ago the American people didn't want any of that ...this is all media propaganda since the Obama re-election ...its all lies

I see this article right by another article claiming the opposite. Layoff Yahoo !

our founding fathers would have tarred and feathered obama,then pelted him with pigeon poo,oh mammy!

Rates.  Read the propaganda carefully.  It's in the statistics, not boots on the ground.

Dropping like flies around here. Let's see how we end. Obama care and tax increases are hitting my city hard right now. He's hurting the working blacks too. They just don't know it yet.

if you cant report the truth, why bother to report anything at all? what a crock.

Headline could have been "A Punch in the Head is better than a Kick in the Groin"

thats only because theyre counting part time jobs. read the report and you will find we lost full time jobs and gained on part time jobs. these are 28 hr work week jobs so employers dont have to pay obamacare!!! it just shows you how screwed up this country is.

the unemployment ran out. most of the people retired..That may be true except for the fact that earlier today Yahoo News reported that MORE THAN HALF of the states recently reported higher unemployment rates with California being at 9.8%.

The Signs at Walmart and McDonalds did say "Now Hiring"....Working Class People are making less now than before, and obama supporters don't work and are not looking, so maybe the numbers are lower?

Interesting, but only half the story.What has been the overall number of people working in each particular state?Presumably, the unemployment figure is determined by dividing the number of people who are or want to be working.  There are two ways to make the unemployment figure smaller:.One can hold everthing constant except the unemployment rate but reduce the numerator of the division which would actually gives a comprable figure over time.e.g., for purposes of our example let us use round numbers. Say in the first time period, we have 10 people out of a hundred employed, or a 10% unemployment rate. The following month, 5 of the unemployed get a job, so now we have a fraction of  5/100--the 5 moved out of the unemployed number  but remained in the denominator make a real reduction from 10% to 5%.In the second case, 5 people give up on looking for a job, so we subtract 5 from the numerator (because they are no longer considered unemployed) and  5 from the denominator (because they are no longer available for work) which gives us a fraction of 5/95, which gives us an unemployment rate of  5.26%, which appears to be almost as much as the "real" drop in unemployment.The results between the two scenarios appear to be remarkably similar and equally beneficial to the economy. It is a lie, and a big one.  In the latter case, unemployment did not really decrease, the economy downsized.Say that each of the employees produced $10K worth of goods when working. In the first case, the total amount of goods created in our fictional economy went from $90K to $95K--a good thing. While the second situation appears to have a similar result, it doesn't. Our total output remains the same at $90K, our ability to produce goods from $100K to $95K, which means that our fictional "economy' has contracted in size and if things turnaround,  we can no longer produce $100K worth of goods, but can go no higher than our current $95K, and our competitors can in essence, increase their share of the market at out expense.Summary: The first example is a good thing, putting people back to work and increasing production. The second example does NOT put people back to work and decreases our capaability to produce more.I've tried to make it simple, because it is not a good idea to start popping corks and dancing in the street because an unemployment figure dropped.So, Reuters, stop shilling for the Administration, and tell the whole story. You, too, Yahoo.

I would like to know the true number of people looking for work that are not counted.

AND record numbers eligible for disability and all those "early" age 62 -  social security retirement benefits .... the rest of the story   .......................................

Talk about a contradiction in reporting:  our little news box in the far right hand corner says jobless numbers are way up, and here they're saying unemployment is done.   Nothing like media spin to reinforce our belief that true and honest journalism went out the window a long time ago.

More lies from that half breed.

I don't believe any figures that come from this administration,

Official "Jobless Rates" are massaged statistics. Don't pay attention to the numbers. Pay attention to the WHY?

Property taxe's go up by the new year so the state's have the money to hire more worker's,what does that do for private sector skilled workers?Okay lets tell all the people who are unemployed how lucky they are to share in the politically motivated good news. Tell the mother and father of little children how happy they should be despite the fact that they can not take care of their needs and wants.

Aww now.. you states are getting exactly what you voted for.. what is all the fuss about? Your little experiment not working? How is that blue vote working out for you?

as long as we keep in mind that the 'unemployment rate' is an estimate based on polls and a formula and NOT a real number, then we can view this report for what it is. government mis-information to feed the masses.

Most..Most  ?? .Only the .the White"Smoke Enema" has a "full time " job that pays more than minimum wage... Mr. President .pull your head out of your .#$%$/......

We have spent 7T in 5 years and Ben has printed over 3T.  Where has all this extra spending gotten us except futher into debt and more people on the dole.

Obamacare is killing jobs.  Extra cost for everyone and full time listed as 30 hours a week.  Employers have to provide health care if they have over 50 people working for them. I'm so glad the Dems forced this new entitlement program down our throats and destroyed employment opportunites for so many.....NOT

I do NOT believe it. The Stats may indicate this but ONLY when those who have given up or been struck from the unemployment dole are also dropped from the stats.  The FACT is about 23% of American workers are unemployed and want to work. The government LIES, as always.Who does this kind of story really serve? Who gets the benefit when the ordinary reader can't think past the works in the article? What is the real purpose of this kind of disinformation?

jobs paying low wages . The latino and hispanic immigration people lowered the standards of living in this country in the last 10 years. We all have to work cheaper to compete with them..USA has more people living poor now then ever and it seems like its not getting better

Cooked numbers or crooked numbers, either way they are understated.

No matter how reuters tries to spin it for their messiah, unemployment is still high. The 7.9 figure is a lie too. It doesn't count people who gave up looking for work. Economy sucks, debt is 7 trillion and climbing. No matter how bad you want barry's socialist utopia to work, it's a failure. Pure state controlled media propaganda.Communist pigs will say and do anything to make Obamahu Akbar! look good.  This article is not worth wiping my butt with.North Dakota again had the lowest, 3.3 percent, a position it has occupied since the start of the recession.  That's because Obamahu Akbar! hasn't been able to stop their oil boon yet.  The communists who wrote this article didn't mention that almost every state in the Union could have similar oil boons if or dear leader Kim Jung Obama would get out of the way.

the sad part, the obama deadbeats see this as a victory.

And we also "don't have a debt problem in America"

The lying, coniving bassturd barack tells his puppets what to report

we will all be very happy in obamas welfare ghetto america,i can smell the sweet stench of a dead crackhead rotting in the alley now.

These numbers are misleading. They use the numbers of new applicants for or are receiving unemployment,but intentionally fail to count the ones whose benefits have ended and have not obtained a job and/or quit looking. Makes the Administration look all rosey and cuddly for press.

Why doesn't the headline read unemployment rates down!!  It could even sayEmployment rates up!!!  Who ever is approving the wording in these releases is Horrible at their job!

At a Boy obama.......just keep telling yourself your Great.........

Lower than January of 2012, but dramatically higher than December 2012!  This is how they convince the flock things are turning up Roses.

. Chicago Politics have always been in the "Numbers'' game..MSM will lick doggies-do from the Obama's shoes...Look around, things aren't how media will have you believe..AAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh,The Propaganda Instruments from Reuters are at it again !!!Skewering the statistical numbersin favor of their Emperor in Chief !How much is the price this time around ???

Indiana's jobless rate just increased to 8.6%...where are all those jobs Mitch Daniels and the Republican legislature promised when they rammed through right to work legislation?

Obama presidency hemmorages  jobs faster than he can raise taxes on those that can actually keep one.That some achievement mr president

Labor Department.....not welfare....case of the right  hand not  knowing what the left hand is doing.....typical for federal govt

This administration has done absolutely nothing in the area of job creation orjob training programs.This present obamanation is a employment/job destroyer.All the employment statistics are extremely inaccurate and like the postsbelow he just too into his political agenda.And he's one of the only Presidents (US) I knowthat won't stop massaging his own ego !

Are we supposed to celebrate?

There are lies, damn lies, and statistics.  This story is all three!

Total, absolute and complete lies from the administration..................

WOW, in four years it dropped very little but there are still fewer people working, well that IS the best thing this so called leader has done.

Headline should readUnemployment down... welfare upthe article states 'South Carolina 4.4%'. SC's unemployment rate is 8.7%. the 4.4% rate might be for South Dakota. when are these people going to verify their facts and/or do a little proof reading?

How can this be... We are in a recovery?

Looks like Taco Bell has been doing some hiring in the past year!

I bet you #$%$ would reelect this president again

Again, no statistics on how many people who lost their jobs are making the same or more now that they have found a job.

All kinds of work in Texas!!!

The Obama recovery continues.

The lower unemployment rates are mostly due to the shrinking labor force, not people finding good-paying full-time jobs.  But the American sheeple won't ever know that since they're too busy watching American Idol etc.

Very misleading.

Yeah, except the way Obama figures the unemployed is much more different than the way it was figured at the beginning of Obams term.  Another way to lie and make people he is telling the truth.My names Kevin Joseph Strange you can look me up In Troy TX.  Im working 60 hrs a week and can't keep up with work get people that want to work if your unemployed you aren't looking!

This is sooooo stupid that it just boggles the mind!  Seriously people.... just keep blaming Obama if that helps you sleep at night. But let me clarify for the folks who are uneducated on this subject. The way unemployment is calculated has not changed in years... let me repeat in years. It was calculated like that during Bush's term, Clinton's term, Bush Sr's term, etc....etc. It is so hypocritical...if a mother on welfare complained this much...yall would tell her to shut up and get any job that's out there. Here y'all out there whining about the same thing. I read the Sunday paper every week and see jobs are growing... instead of complaining go apply for one.

They just keep trying to foist this lie on people to mask Obama's failure.  The only reason the unemployment rate is decreasing is because people are dropping out of the workforce.  If the workforce was the same size it was in 2008 the unemployment rate would be 11%.  And it's not because of Boomer retirement either, Boomers represent about 25% of the dropout workers.

in case fixed news forgot to tell you right wing brainless idiots that unemployment is low and stock markets are high and Obama is a good president.

I`m sure these numbers were revealed this past weekend at the CPAC Jamboree, right?  Wait a second, they were put out by the US Department of Labor.  Lies, more Obama lies! From Obama`s mouth to the Labor Departments ears.  At least "W"  &amp; Cheney (always) told the truth, correct? How long ago was "Mission Accomplished"?