You just can't find a good Samaritan these days.

The women were excommunicated for marrying outside their community while the men are importing wives?

had to read this twice only conclusion I can come to is that marrying relatives isnt a good idea!

I didn't know there still were Samaritans.  I wonder if they still suffer the kind of discrimination as they did in Biblical times.

From the story it sounds like the men are getting much younger wives. In the US we would call them trophy wifes.

At the beginning of their monthly cycle women cannot touch anything in the house. A typical American husband would starve to death and be found naked in that time.

hey, different strokes for different folks.

Living in the USA where each person are afforded the freedom to choose the path for his/her life, and there are academic and economic opportunities that are readily available to all. In many parts of this world there is no such thing, and if there are it is limited to a few. And for women, the only way to improve their lives is to marry afar, to go where opportunities are for a better life.As long as these women are happy and their new family is happy, good for them.

Just wait until the Chinese start Buying European Women.They have a 20% imbalance between the sexes in China.This is due to the 1 Child Per Family law, coupled with preferences for boysand sex selective abortion.

Good call guys..Inbreeding is so tackySounds like a #$%$ religion if you're a woman.

WOW! No offense here. I can understand the need but these women must be desperate.

As long as the women go in of their own free will and always have the option to leave on their own free will.  I doubt the later is really true, but they probably figured its a better life than what is available in the Ukraine.

if you have the money, you can buy them too!

So, why they have not pulled some outside men in community too?

{"Their numbers have been further reduced by the decision by 10 women in recent years to marry outside the community, resulting in excommunication."}Smart women. They finally got a life.

Ok this is the part of the story that is scary, "along with advanced genetic testing in Israeli hospitals"

"The Good Samaritan" seems to have been transformed into "The Rather Odd Samaritan."  In any case, I wish them well in spite of their odd customs.

It must be tough on Eastern European women if they are willing to live under those tough restrictions.

I think this is a good example of how a culture can be wiped off its existence if it becomes too exclusive.I just can't imagine why they have a tough time keeping women in their community.

hnn red necks should look at this more they need new blood lines

Are these good Samaritans?

They need to propagate their line, so they take Russian wives, when their closest relatives are Israelis then Arabic, then African? Typical.

With those strict religious morales, no wonder the religion is almost extinct.

No wonder they can't find their own wives. Sheesh

This people really know how to complicate life.

offspring will be samaripeans

Things must be very bad for Ukranian females now. I know a couple who have married people I would not try to hook my single sister with.One came here on an R-1? A beautiful girl married a religeous freak that couldn't find a local girl?

If your society is so lacking of appeal that it dies out for lack of breeding outside of family then maybe it needs to.  Who comes up with these religions?  They remind me of "Calvin Ball" like kids play, making up rules as they go along.  My wife would love it if she couldn't touch anything for 7 days though...especially the vacuum cleaner.The Amish and Mennonites both had to start pretty well the same scenario a few years back...

With inbreeding, there becomes a fine line between genius &amp; idiocy.

I'm all for religious freedom, but some of these rules are nuttier than a squirrel horde:(

So, if the women marry outside the religion they are excommunicated, but it is okay for the men?  Another hypocrite religion with the bonus of inbreeding.

Have to last longer than in America--average of two hours--after the honeymoon. Mine never seem to make to the alter--must be doing something RIGHT.

"Samaritans believe themselves to be the remnants of Israelites exiled by the Assyrians in 722 B.C. "   My question for Dalia Nammari is who doesn't believe this to be true?

I was with this article until the line that mentions that five women have married into the Samaritan community over the past _decade_. Culturally this is all very interesting, but the story presents the solution to their dilemma as being numerically significant when in actually it is barely a ripple. I guess maybe it is when their total population is only 750 people.

The Russian Mob is getting a nice thick slice of cake! It may be safer for these Samaritans to take up daily chatterbation,safer than inter marrying! That young lady in the picture is beautiful!! I will stop right here!

So...it's possible to be a "bad" Samaritan. Interesting! Previously, I've always only heard of good Samaritans.

Lovely - another religious community where women are deemed "unclean."With such restrictions during menstraution, I would just prefer to be sent to a hut like the Indians did.  The truth is, I'd rather be away from everything during that time, due to the mood swings and cramping.  Wouldn't be a bad thing. lol

In the old days, the horse/buggy didn't travel very far, so everybody is inbred regardless of where they come from.

I thought they would have issue with the fact that the women were not virgins at the time of marriage.

I am still stuck with Adam and Eve. Once I get past that, then I'll reconsider the Bible....

Reading this, I came to the conclusion that it wouldn't be so bad if their beliefs just gently disappeared.

Life stinks in Ukraine unless you are a corrupt politician!  Drug abuse, alcoholism, HIV!  Those poor women probably had an abusive drunk of a lout of a father so now they are happy with an indulgent, kind daddy figure.  Too many of these beautiful women wind up as dancers/prostitutes in cheap dives where their kind is appreciated in the Middle Eastern countries, especially since their own women are locked up.  Marrying a man who wants to have a family is a respectable fashion to have some financial support.

nice women want to help out the community.  Very self sacrificeing.

So why are the Karaites growing in number when they faced the same problem about 30 years ago? They did not import wifes.

Eastern European women have few good choices at home. Most of the men are chauvinist, abusive drunks. Those who are fathers are free to abandon them as the gov't/courts do nothing to enforce any form of responsibility. So the women value a responsible man. The religious sacrifices are mearly an inconvenience.

No wonder their numbers are dwindling.Fascinating story; I had no idea the Samaritans still had a community.  All I knew of them was from the biblical story.  However, I have to shake my head at all these religious groups (there are quite a few) who think it's fine to have sex with a woman but won't touch her at a certain time of month.  And then wonder why there are more men than women who stay.

In the middle east they all marry thier first cousins

Chick is hot. Now that's what I call a Good Samaritan!

Officially there is no understanding women ever! these women VOLUNTARILY married men 30 yrs older, adopted an archaic lifestyle and religion plus moved to the Middle East to do it! any man who agreed to the equivalent would be institutionalize for the term of his natural born life. I will never feel bad for another Middle Eastern woman ever because it's voluntary.

what do these young girls see in these old farts. in a few years they are spend and that poor woman she is only a slave to these guys.  what a waste. besides the kids they have will never have a father who can do things with them when they grow up.  what a waste of time.

Generations of inbreeding and incest, brought to you by the guys who wrote the bible.

Once again, religious superstition overpowers common sense. Still, with 3 men for every woman, I'm sure the gay Samaritans are happy.

As long as there is a HOT piece of #$%$  I don't care what the religion is.

Religious thinking does bring out the insanity in humanity.

Pretty desperate strategy!  I wonder if the sect will survive.Women must be really hard up in the former Soviet Union if they go such a distance and make such a cultural change.  Are the men where they are from so sloshed with vodka they don't marry?

Samaritans!!!.... Wouldn't it been closer to them if they married Palestinian Arabs as the Arabs are Semites??... Why go all the way to Europe to totally different gene pool?? The Arabs inhabited the area for tens of thousands of years.. The Babylonians were Arabs too, but they spoke a different Arabic dialect than the Arabic spoken today.. Today's Arabic dialect is the dialect of the tribe of KURAISH which was the main tribe in Mecca (Saudi Arabia) and Prophet Muhammad's tribe......

The expression 'Good Samaritan' points to the fact that the Samaritans, on the whole, rejected the Torah received through Moses and the Jews.  They were a stumbling block for the Jews and caused trouble at every given opportunity.  When one could be found who was good or helpful it was rare.  The expression is almost, to those familiar with the Samaritans, an oxymoron.

With all those antiquated traditions and restrictions placed on women, it's no wonder so many Samaritan women left.

The  Ukrainian and Russian women probably know how to cook, sew, wash and cook.  And dress and look like women, unlike most U.S. women who think everything should be given to them.

Long lost sect of Mormonism??? I mean sleeping with relatives...lol

Kooks

Oh..I thought it said Sumerians.....Never mind.

anything is a step up from ukraine.

The Ukraine has the best looking women on the planet.Must really be terrible in the Ukraine to be willing to leave your country to find a husband who is 30 years older than you. Still...Live and let live.

Typical male supremacist religion

Honestly these women would be so much safer in Ukraine than in Israel!For all we know they could be gold-digging and not even care about the dangers that surround them!I mean come on, why would any woman in her 20s in the right mind marry someone who is 53 or 55 years old?Also having a kid with a 50-year-old man is a huge risk for more genetic defects.

Which gene pool should the USA join.  We are having far too many nuts shooting people around here who have genetic inherited spiritual as well as physical disabilities.

Yet another old time religion where women are less than men. How can we all possibly be talking to the same God?

You gotta do what you gotta do.

they need to start adopting kids

Just goes to show how bad things are in Eastern Europe.

Bill , most ads, etc. are fake , they talk to you and ask for the cash to buy a plane ticket to come see you, LOL I offered a woman double what she would pay for a ticket back when I pick her up at airport, she wanted $2000.00 for a ticket, I then offered to buy the ticket , all she had to do is show up at the airport, pick up ticket at counter, what do you think she said, right no thanks, scam.

No more good deedsSad that the Samaritan people didn't realize how easily their tribe would disintegrate if they "inbred". I thought most people understood that from long ago. That wisdom was given to the people from earlier times.  I guess people forget, or override common sense.The people of the northern kingdom of Israel (see When Israel Became "Israel" and "Judah") were entirely conquered and taken away from Samaria (the area of Israel south of Galilee, see the map below) by the Assyrians under Sargon (see Ancient Empires - Assyria) by 721 B.C. (see also The Galilee Captivity). Later, about 677 B.C., the Assyrians under Esarhaddon brought people of other nations in to keep the land from turning back into a wilderness. Those non-Israelites became known as "Samaritans."The Arrival Of The Samaritans In The Land Of IsraelGalilee and Samaria With most of the people of Israel taken away into exile, the Assyrian king brought in foreigners to tend to the land. Because they were pagans, they soon found themselves the subject of God's wrath, not because of who they were, not because of their nationality, but because of the abominable religious things that they did - God accepts anyone who obeys Him.In an effort to save them from the wrath of God, the Assyrians had a Levite priest (see Levites) brought back from exile to teach the pagans how to obey God (ironic, since the people of Israel, and the Levites with them, had been sent away into exile for doing the very same sort of abominable things that the Samaritans were then doing). The Levite was not very successful, but then he obviously hadn't been a very effective religious leader and teacher for his own people either. Some Samaritans may have listened, but most "made gods of their own.""So was Israel carried away out of their own land to Assyria unto this day."

don't excommunicate your own women.... duh!!!

let them do whatever they want

It is what it is.  Whatever floats your boat.

Their not Jews,are they Hebrew,or Arab,does anyone know?

Nothing good comes out of inbreeding.

Is there a reason I heard a banjo playing as I read this article???

Sure, why not?  Good for the Samaritans who deserve to be preserved and good for the Ukrainians who can move to a warmer clime and better living.  It's a win win.

pretty sure there is a colony  of them in Arkansas

If your faith's traditions are in danger of disappearing due to a mass exodus of women; then I'd say there is something inherently WRONG with your faith's traditions!  Maybe it's time to let some traitions go.It's been twenty years and she still ain't cleaning.What am I doing wrong?

Wonderful.

sorry honey your brother has the truck

No way in hell I would EVER live like that. It would be like marrying a cave man... one with genetic problems.

I imagine a Samaritan woman throws a huge party upon reaching menopause.

Man, humans just make up problems sometimes.

The fact that such strict rules still exist is likely due to their isolation from other cultures.

The risk that the newcomers may decide to leave beats deformity caused by inbreeding...humans and traditions that don't make sense. A biblical land where incest is the way...hehehe!

There is a catch to everything..just when you think you have found a happy hunting ground look what it turns out to be..

Cant married your cousin or close relative, kids will come out with defects or sick.The things we do for love!!

Strange. The women don't have to convert?

Genetic mutations from inbreeding are god's way of punishing you for screwing your relatives.

Better than eat sh{i}t in gay bathhouses.But USA intellectuals would disagree, I know.

Why not adopt female babies. In 18 years; your problem is solved (with current goals). Of course there is still a lost generation; but the movement lives on.

Women will do ANYTHANG to get a man!

Ok so they want to preserve their culture, but why are a bunch of 50+ year old men marrying these much younger women? For children, of course, but where are the younger men?

At least the Shakers made nice furniture. Otherwise, cults should just die out. Even the large cults like Christianity are slowly dying.

Wow!  Can't wait to sign up.  This community sounds like a blast!

Yeah, mail-order brides...that ALWAYS works out for the best.  Some fools never learn...So, I'm thinking "Darwinism at play here" while reading this...

Wonder when the Zoroastrians are going to do the same or go extinct?

Decision by women to marry outside the community would be the end of Islam,:)

Still, however the concept of mail order brides amazes me. LOL Sad they excommunicated the women who looked for greater genetic influence by marrying other men outside the tribe but allow for the men to order Ukrainian brides. That is pretty backwards to say the least. Sometimes I am amazed at how far civilization has advance and then I come across articles like this and well just drop my mouth open in utter shock that many humans are still basically living in the middle ages if not practically cavemen in mentality.

It is strange to me how these arranged marriages work out, but they seem to work as well if not better than personal choice marriages.

This little microcosmos shows what happens when men think women are evil. When they die out, they suddenly want the women back. It would be nice if all religions would understand that none of them can survive without women willing to participate.

did anyone tell these people we now have SOAP !!!! can't touch anything in the house while she has her period ? exile her starve her ? #$%$ use SOAP fools

just what must it take to make becoming a target for Hamas and the other crazies look good ???

they call them samaritans over there..over here we call them rednecks

After reading the article I now know why this sect is dissapearing....Good for them! I hope they have happy lives!

Imagine how hard it must be in the Ukraine. All of this, and for what? no disappointment upon death but no afterlife either. I'm livin' it up!

Some things just need to be allowed to die out.....

I take it Samaritan's don't like goats.

So the woman marries into a religion that is going to treat her like a dirty person to avoid a good part of the time. Is there an IQ test?

Organized religion is dying. It's time. Humans have a beter understandin of the supernatural and that these old religions had two purposes - keep the people in line and make a boatload of money. In return, people had someone's hand to hold when they get sick or a loved one dies and a made-up reason to explain all questions that are as yet unexplainable. It's a neat system and in many cases beautiful, except it is all fakery.

And that community's population will probably continue to drop until it hits zero.

she must've  been so desperate back in Ukrain.

You think maybe the Tower of Babel story might have been a metaphor?

desparate people will do desparate stuff  -  even marry into a community of 350 souls, with inbreeding and archaic belief systems and laws, where women are still chattel. Gutsy females, to marry somebody nearly 30 years older and having babies with them. I wish all of them the very best, and happiness in their unusual lives.before judging these people, maybe y'all could read about it in wikipedia or something....  the earth is bigger than small town usa... and way older than the usa too..

360 is not bad for Samaritan population growth given in 1901 their numbers for both sexes added up to only 152 according to the Jewish Encyclopedia.

I am single, have 5 bedroom home, great job, don't smoke or drink, will consider marrying the right woman. If you are smart you will know how to contact me.

Wonder if Kim Kardashian would go for this?!

Go far away where women are considered #$%$? I can get that anywhere.

At least she will have three meals a day now, more than she got in russia under Poketum.

Not to be a smartass, but is anyone noticing a pattern in these cultures where men out number or subjugate women to the point of oppression? Like, for instance, the middle east, India, China, and Africa ? Now look at the rape numbers and history of warfare in these places....Just sayin'...

After reading this article NO WONDER their ways are dying out.

I'm Chinese. I think Ukraine, Russian, Belarus women are WAY better looking than us. Its like the Miami Heat vs your local YMCA team.

What a great way to meet girls I think I'll become a Samaritan. But I have ulterior motives. Would that make me the good for nothing Samaritan?boring...

Religious cults are creepy - even the large ones like Christianity, Islam &amp; Judaism.

So mail order brides was their solution? LOL

She could have had her pick and married a nice American guy and not have to put up with the BS there.

Be real. With such a small population the end will come sooner then you think. Your religion is too strict for most women to adhere to.

"He traveled to Ukraine with a one-way plane ticket for his future bride, meeting 17 women in 20 days."These women actually compete and hope to be picked so they can live as third-class citizens?  That brings desperate to a new level!

This is not faith, it is obsession.

"desperate to preserve ther ancient culture"my butt!! they just want to perv out

True love is probably the most wonderful, pure and unselfish experience money can buy.

May be it is just time for this sect to die out....this is the 21st Century AD...not the 5th Century BC!Very interesting article... I wish them well.

Made me think of the woman by the well.  Wow,  she got to talk to Jesus.  And "The Good Samaritan";  Jesus's parable illustrating the "Golden Rule".

I give them credit for keeping their faith alive.  Too many people do not understand this nowadays.

God help women of "indigenous" African, Arab &amp; other Muhammaden, East Indian, Amazonian and other tribes (all "fuzzy-wuzzies" for our purposes) who haven't even a chance at opting out of something Planet Earth would be better off without, but the only reason I care anymore is to idly wonder what in _hell_ is so bad about Ukraine etc that so many of their women voluntarily leave that to jump into $#!t-holes like this.

GOOGLE "JEWISH GENETIC DISORDERS" IF you want to know about inbreeding.  Their genes are all screwed.

Should have consulted with obama, he could have recommended gay marriage.

mail order brides save old religious sect

Yes, clearly the chosen people of God. Just like Mormons in N. AZ, full of genetic problems.

Honestly, I think a true marriage will be great if you only marry someone for who they are, not for how pretty they are!

Wow...I understand why the 10 women decded to marry outsiders.  They probably wanted to be excommunicated.funny thing is this will be Europeans soon

A small gene pool is right.  Wikipedia says the whole community is made up of onlyfour families.  They must all be cousins several times over.

These women will become old before their time to get old.

More religious insanity-----

there are women dumb enough to marry into this cult? sheesh.

These woman are Good Samaritans!

so, mail order brides = is getting good reviews - sounds strange to me, i though the women libs were against this.  but i guess its only if the man is  rich ole and white. lol.

Evolution will take its course....

In other words they are sick religious zealots living in some misguided past  mythology see what other gullible people we can find to follow suit. Marring your own first cousins ? If that isn’t sick I don’t know what is…

christian mingle isn't good enough for them?I don't get it - the russian woman pictured is absolutely beautiful. Why she would subject herself to a harsh life is beyond me.

Republicans ..need to infuse ...new DNA.....inbred, hilljack, #$%$, phone-hack fox viewing, limbaugh believing,..Constitution trampling, misogyny defining, child molesting, racist,...Domestic terrorists....

In America, they are called mail order brides. #$%$ old guy buys hot eastern European girl

Belief is what You decide to follow not where you're born....Were all born submitting to God, its the parents who turn you into Jews or Christians or whatever...

Whatever happened to GOOD Samaritans? These people sound a bit evil, or at least disturbed.

Isn't the internet great. Now you can order wives just as easy as you can a pizza!

How did these men have enough money to afford those brides? I can't imagine why these 28 year old women would marry 50 year old tribal men otherwise.

What do they call it in Kentucky again?

Wow,  they probably stone women to death and kill their kids for backtalk.

Another archaic tribal religion, people trying desperately to live in the ancient past.I thought Justinian whiped them out, gues a few got away.Where are the Byzantine emperors when you need them.Religion, keeping incest alive for millenia.

A full week off housework every 28 days.  Where do I sign up for that!

Very soon will be the white race that will be trying to find whites to carry on.

Eradicate them!!

gross the women just want to leave Russian and I seriously wouldn't have a baby with some inbred slack jawed yokel...

Time to Branch Out can't let that tree grow straight out

Sound like the same breeding technique I am planning to use on my aquarium fishes

I wish the story had a little more detail.  "In the fourth and fifth centuries, the Samaritan population is thought to have topped 1.5 million, but religious persecution and economic hardship had nearly erased it by the early 20th century."Let's see.....fourth and fifth centuries would be after the Romans sacked Jerusalem.   Early twentieth century would be before the founding of modern Israel in 1948.  So who was doing the religious persecution I wonder?  I suppose it could have been the remnant population of Jews who still lived in the area after the Romans dispersed the bulk of the population.  Did the remaining Jews have the numbers to wipe out 1.5 million Samaritans?Or do you think another well-known religion in that area might have been involved?  Surely one of the "world's great religions" wouldn't be so dastardly?

Did not know there were actually people called Samaritans...wow!!!

Oh cr@p!!!  Let it all hang out and in!!!  They will all survive!!!  Bring in the heart breakerand the Italian Stallion!!!Lets hope the beautiful white European females dont marry groids.

Wow a religion that follows Leviticus... sounds like a boatload of fun.  And the inbreeding sounds really neat too.  Why would anyone want to go and take part of that?

You can make people do and say anything - of their own free will. People are so gullible.

NO INBREAD JETHRO'S

Typical male hypocrisy. She can't touch anything in the house for 7 DAYS out of the month, when she's on her period. So she's only living at home for 21 days (3 weeks)!  There's no way you can stay at home without touching anything!People are making it sound like this is abnormal. Remember folks, this same rule is your Bible too! Just read Leviticus! Technically the orthodox Jews (Israelis) are supposed to do the same thing!

Whether its here or there, Jews always buy women of their choice.

A typical example of what extreme beliefs can do to people

That is no good. Europeans need European women.

I can understand it. Here in the U.S. there are many unmarried or divorced women available, but I would not even think of marrying one. Most are barely even women anymore. They think they are the same as men (hillarious!). Many are even lesbians. I went to Asia and found a beautiful much younger lady who was raised to understand what a wife's role is.

i need to import a wife from russia :) there aren't enough women here in the u.s. heheAfter listening to the ridiculous way of life the women must endure, I have no doubt about their women wanting to jump off the crazy train. I must say that I hope religious madness like this gets extinguished off the face of the earth. Every time I hear about nut jobs like this I keep thinking about Monty python’s quest for the Holy Grail movie with the nut job religious types, smacking their heads on wooden planks.

I guess they finally figured out that God wasn't providing and took matters into their own hands.

Can you imagine how desperate a woman would have to be to mate with one of these pukes?

I can't believe these women would willing put up with this #$%$ life. Great for the men , as usual and the women are treated like cows !   Worse than cows ......slaves and breeders - nothing more !! Who wants to marry a man who thinks you are tainted and dirty just because it's that time of the month !     can't touch your own children ? or anything else in the house ?!  What a bunch of horse #$%$ !!!!!  this isn't the dark ages ! No wonder they are inbred and dying out ..good riddance to bad rubbish !

This clearly demonstrates how men are unable to make good community decisions without input from women. They are going extinct and excommunicate 10 women for marrying outsiders. No that there are not enough women for the men the men decide it is OK to marry outsiders. Are these guys Republicans?

What the heck is wrong with  a period?  On a couple of occasions I've woken up with a red mustache and goatee. after having s ex in the dark .

17 in 20 days?  How many of them you get to take for a test drive?  I could do it in a week... if I ate my wheaties.

If Sara Pallin had a black dude, this gal can have a Smartian!

Well, one thing is for sure, it was an excellent choice to select European women as wives. They are beautiful, real ladies, they work hard, and very lovable. It's sad that American women do not possess those qualities anymore!

Those women are going to clean your clocks !!!!of course they cannot find wives they treat woman like slaves only desperate women need apply they need to become extinct

Sign me up!!! Where do I get me some?? I'll fix that gene pool !!!

it can only get better in the long run.

You know, they probably get alot more converts and not have a problem with losing their wimmin-folk if they didn't sound like wacky anti-women religious nuts with rules about not allowing women to touch stuff after their period and to not be allowed to come in physical contact with their husband for weeks after childbirth.

If two people can find happiness with each other and peace within themselves, while not hurting others, who cares what their personal recipe is??

If their way of life bothers you then move on and stop your complaining.

This doesn't make any sense. Where's the discussion of how much money they're paid? No one would do that without some major compensation.

These people inbreed because of necessity. Muslims inbreed because they don't trust people outside the family. Either way you get defects. I wish the Samaritans well even though they have a barbarian view of menstruation.

" And if a woman looks at a man after childbirth she must be scrubbed for  three days and nights, and if a  woman touches anything in the house the item must be cleansed, in a river, and if  a woman sneezes, she shall be flogged, and if a woman  makes a smart remark she shall  be forced to sleep on the roof of the house, and if  a woman has ever seen a tv or used a cell phone, she  shall be ...........

Dang, these ladies must have had it pretty rough to agree to marry into that society.Sounds to me like bringing in some male chauvinistic guys for the women or maybe some good ol' rednecks might be a good fit as well.Oops, I forgot no equality for the women.

run run ladies from these pig men there is a better life away from them

Wow, you mean we lowly little 2nd class females ARE good for something after all??! Oh wait...we carry the young and give birth! Hmmmmm.

I feel very sorry for the children who are born into such a society.

" ... In the fourth and fifth centuries, the Samaritan population is thought to have topped 1.5 million, but religious persecution and economic hardship had nearly erased it by the early 20th century ..."----Who ruled the region during this time?YEP ... MUSLIMS.

I guess they still have a problem, they keep having boys.

you know with funky rules like that maybe extinction is the right idea

If this nutty way of life is better than these women had in the Ukraine and elsewhere, well, that speaks volumes for what life must have been for them.  Dilbert's Elbonia sounds like paradise compared to this.

American woman need not apply and go that far for this; all you have to do is jump on the Greyhound and get to the Utah and Idaho borders!

This a good example of the closed society and it's effects. So ultimately the closed society is forced to integrate itself or perish. The effect is felt after 4000 to 5000 years. Got it!We must wonder if there is a UN action to permanently remove such dangers from the world's peoples.  Genetic deformities are extremely serious and must be prevented, also, individuals must be free to choose to marry and must be educated as to what a healthy marriage is, in this case, the all-important issue of genetic compatibility.  This is a complex issue but with the evidence above, it can be easily and safely resolved without depriving anyone of their rights (having all of one's rights is also all-important.)

My grandfather visited them and had a long talk with their rabbai when he visited Palestian(prior to the creation of Israel by the British). They call themselves Jews but the zionists don't recognize them, I guess we know whos really the anti-semetic.

reading the ridiculous restrictions they have on behaviour i can only conclude that they should disappear into oblivion.   its those kinds of utterly nonsensical things that hold back the human race .

Ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring.  Bananaphone!!!!

They should blend in fine with the INBRED jews.

Modern Jews are not descended from the 12 old tribes of Israel, but from the evil Khazar tribe that lived along the Don River and converted to the Babylonian Jewish religion in the 7th century AD.Centuries later after those Jews were ripping off peasants with their banking scams and molesting Slavic young boys and girls, the Czar forced them to live in the Pale of Settlement.That caused in-breeding, which explains why so many Jews in America are dwarfs and very unintelligent, such as Democrat Senators Feinstein and Boxer of California and many more.On the other hand, the arrogant racist  #$%$ who thought their Teutonic race was the best, also have an in-breeding example. After WW II, some #$%$ escaped to South America where they lived in some large and not-so-large German communities.In Bolvia, there was a case of only four of five Nazi familes living in an isolated area and they consequently  had to inter-marry cousins. By the third generation those Nordic #$%$ weremorons.I could have married a third cousin, but knew the dangers of that.I am a 64-year-old Nordic and after combat in Vietnam and other army bases, I attended college on the GI Bill.I met a third cousin on campus who was black haired, unlike my blonde hair, had my blue eyes and light skin. She was very beautiful.We attended a large urban campus. Often we would have lunch together at an hippy-run natural cafe even though neither of us were hippies--she wore dresses to school or slacks and a sweater.We also took some long trail walks on weekends and attended some events together.We never even kissed, but we were both "in love" with each other back then, but knew we could not marry because of genetic defects that would occur in our children.I ended up introducing her to a fellow combat vet and they fell in love and had wondeful children.I later found a wondeful wife and had good children too.

My goodness ... the loonies are weighing in on this one!  Fun reading, though.BTW ... Kudos to anyone who can marry into 'strange' circumstances, and still find peace and happiness.

their luckiest men...

I would "NEVER" marry into a clan that has been inbred for generations.  Remember that movie, "The Hills Have Eyes"?  LOL  NO THANK YOU !!!

After reading this I was left thinking that maybe it is better if some sects/groups die out.  Their "traditions" are so repressive and primitive that they do themselves in.  Look at the fact that they only pull in young women and not young men also....and seem to mate them with old men....let them die out.After reading this I was left thinking that maybe it is better if some sects/groups die out.  Their "traditions" are so repressive and primitive that they do themselves in.  Look at the fact that they only pull in young women and not young men also....and seem to mate them with old men....let them die out.

Sounds like another religion that persecutes women.  Acting as if they are dirty or evil.

Well it sounds more like the men are not producing enough women to keep the whole thing going. As we all have learned the male determines the sex of the child, why are they not importing men that have had mostly girls to marry their single women and infuse better genetics for the future?

If a woman can touch nothing in her home for 7 days,  where does she do the basics even,  like eat, go to the bathroom and sleep? Goodness! Who cares for the kids? All that stuff!!! YIKES!!!!! and hello??? Inbreeding for generations????? DUH!

It's sad how desperate women from the Ukraine, Byelorussia and Russia are.  A lot of them get mixed up in prostitution rings in Turkey and Israel.

I should send them the email I got from Olga, who wanted to marry me.

Dwindling numbers? I thought the differentiation of Samaritans was them being the offspring of "Jewish" fathers but Gentile mothers. :+|That's a pretty common thing nowadays.

Wasn't that banjo playing kid in deliverance one of them?

This is a community that NEEDS to die out.

At least she will be able to eat three times a day. more than what she got in russia!No big thang here folks, just look at all those mix white/black babies we see everywhere....HECK, we have a mix white baby in the White House!

So these women are leaving Europe to enter a war zone with an uncertain future?  What is the incentive for these poor Ukrainian girls?  Are things really that bad in Eastern Europe?

Like the Panda you too will be extinct. Good by and so long.

Everybody wants Russian women...genetically they are superior to all other females.

life is change - fools hold fast

I don't get it - if centuries of inbreeding has contaminated their gene pool with diseases than why would they want to afflict their descendants with horrific diseases by perpetuating them?

-importing- women from the East, but suppose life in the Ukraina es even lousier there so they decide to marry and old man. hoping he dies sooner than later and they inherit at least something. than they are still young enough to have a more or less -normal- life, if that can be called like that.

These and all other religious traditions are so damn silly.  I mean, their own traditions made them practically extinct!  Stupid.

I wonder, is it like this on Kolob?

Women get excommunicated, the men import wives. Hilarious!  And all that monthly nonsense?  Who has time for that?  They need to get with the times or become instinct.  40 vs 80 days, how sexists!  Does the remaining Samaritan women have no thought on the matter?Six women aren't going to save a dwindling population.  It seems that this sect doesn't understand the mathematics of procreation very well.  Sperm = cheap, high failure rate, but available in quantity.  Eggs = expensive, high failure rate and limited supply.  The only way to get access to more eggs is to add more women.

Hell, I'd rather stay single than to be with a woman who didn't love me.Besides, being with a woman; being married is highly overrated.If that is all you think about, you don't have a whole hell of a lot going on in your life to begin with.

Not unlike the catholic clergy ... now if only they would die out.

Samaritans follow Torah, except they don't follow the Oral law, which demonstrates how to live Jewishly, not suffer the Torah.  Samaritans don't consider themselves Jewish and were allies with hitler during WW!!

#$%$ backwards women choosing to be 2nd class citizens where again the men 'Interpret' what they want to see within the text of whatever mind control religion it is - We should Fahrenheit 451 all these books as causing the bulk of bloodshed on the planet - there is only one god and his name is The Flying Spaghetti Monster - Pastafari yourselves in the name of Ragu

16 stars b ** u ** l ** l ** s ** h ** i ** t **.

Ukranians are conservative type, so its not a problem adopting.

Religions, with their archaic nonsense ridden doctrines, serve no purpose but to enslave

That was very kind of her.

More fine living by the eastern euros."breathing new life into the community that has been plagued by genetic diseases caused by generations of intermarriage." Ok wait...if the in-bread thing isn't working which is haunted by a genetic disease...um huuulllloooo anybody home?

We needs lots of em.... the Good Samaritan!

Dating and marriage: the last bastion of true prejudice (Oh, I mean preference).

geographical

In all honesty I think it would have been better to have local Jews do this. It would be more suitable due to the anthrogeological proximity of the inhabitants. thus, more in line with nature. Yeah this is the 20th century. But whatever works. Cant have races dying off. Especially ridiculosly ancient ones. Adapted in their own manner.

I must needs go to Sumaria....

Live in the 1st century, die in the 21st century

cool.

Glad to see at at least one group of people taking marriage seriously, and sticking to God's view of "one man and one woman".

Lol!7 days paid vacation every month for life..wish I was a samaritan woman

Its better if these people just died out.

Was it racism that made you wait 2500 years until your bloodline got so watered down that your own genes started killing you?

so they follow the 'oral' law..................................lol.

Wait why Hebrew and Arabic names?

I want to find myself a nice Amish girl.  You haven't lived until you get a #$%$ from a girl that works a butter-churn all day.

Oh, here we go again!  I'm gonna finish the second half!  If you know what I mean...

Naughty!

I could only read the article halfway through before I had to beat off.  Anyone else?

So would these be the BAD samaritans?good samaritan

Who was the first Good Samaritan ?

Very interesting article!

It is good news for the Samaritan people if their intentions are sincere. But if these imported women from Russia and Ukraine are turned into brothel workers in Israel then that could be a nightmare for these women looking for a better life.

Just shows you that double-standard once again.  Men can take this stuff and women cannot?

men rule - yea - god said so -maybe this foolish cult needs to die off - let nature take it's course -

Am I missing something here?  A religious sect is dying out and I should care?

i am just gonna tell everyone here, if you profess Christianity, you better realize that Jesus was a Jew and practiced the Jewish belief, meaning read the old testament. Notice the Geneology. Most of the Israelites married in their own clans and groups. You know keep the blood lines alive. Yeah its in the Bible. Oh and just in case you were still unable to grasp it all, America was built on inbreeding. Alot of families in American business and politics were the product of cousins marrying. Even some of the regular people were children of cousins. It wasnt til the modernization of society that it became frowned on by some person who figured it wasnt cool. Probably because his cousin wouldnt sleep with him so he made a fuss and now its damn near a crime.

Well if that don't humble you, don't know what will....there's a lot wrong with our good 'ol USA,..born, raised, educated and lived my entire life here and I wouldn't want to live anywhere else ~ God bless America!

Yet another "benefit" of religious communities: dbl standards myopic viewpoints, perpetuation of the unproven. Johnno, not desperate these are the real peope

WILLIAM COOPER COVERED THIS !!!

These  Samaritans must be rich if they are attracting Ukraniian brides!! I think the writer of this article is naive!!

Most ultraorthodox jews live same way as Samaritans,they even go further women must shave thier heads for life.Samartans believe they are the real jews which is true,

perhaps the Sex is good!! This religion is so represive! The men might be releiving themselves via good sex!!  Or perhaps like the Muslims, they  are having thier clitoris cut off!

Al Jazeera did a story on this about 4 months ago, yahoo is behind in every imaginable category.

Government sanctioned love seems demeaning to me.

Another group of pretenders and illusionists.No distortion of history, seem to be lots of distortions of history lately, old and new in Palestine and the regions of Africa. Now the ancestral land of European Samaritans and Jews?We’re not the British in India. We’re not the Belgians in the Congo. This is the land of our forefathers, the land of Israel, to which Abraham brought the idea of one god, where David set out to confront Goliath, and where Isaiah saw his vision of eternal peace.Netanyahu denounces any who would deny the “4000-year-old” history  of Jews in Judea and Samaria, – claiming that it is they who present a “distortion of history”

I am Ukrainian myself and just don't get it! That is sick and these women are desparate for some d* or something

It is strange that the Samaritans had not become Christians. Perhaps by marrying the Orthodox Christian women, and over the years, they might.Another non story.  Survival of the fittest and apparently these people are not the fittest.

The Samaritans always searched the scriptures for themselves.

So the women are excommunicated for marrying outside the religion and the men can bring in a bride...Wow that is sexist....Now see the 53 year old man dated five women then decided on is wife because of her looks and personality... What can a 53 yrs old have in common with a beautiful young women of 26....This is so unreal in this day and age... Let's hope this attention helps these poor young women from marrying theses perverts that are to damn old.......

The 10 women that left the cult should've grabbed the Russian and Ukrainian women on the way out hopefully they at least warned them of the hell ahead.

I love that they picked Eastern European women rather than women who were more closely related to their ethnic group (sarcasm).Also, who is to say this is an answer to their genetic diseases? All they are doing is contaminating the genes of these women.

Human trafficking pure and simple, hiding behind a religion.  Nothing but prostitution for hire, albeit by women that can't get a date, get laid or fend for themselves economically.  Disgusting, and it will come back to bite them in the #$%$.Robert S. FinneganThe 5th EstateJakarta, Indonesia

I'd blast a cum shot into her. =&gt;

People who still have such idiotic beliefs need to be extinct. Why do crazy rules in dark ages religions always affect the women.  Men are free, the women are always slaves to be controled. Although this rule about not being able to touch anything in the house for a week sounds like a mini vacation each month.  How do the men servive without the women doing all the cooking and cleaning.

If God does not exist ............it would be necessaryy  for man to invent him for his own sanity.If  God  Exists  -  it would be More  than necessary  to outlaw him for a similar reason...God Dang  (ooops!). The curse  of  mankind............from some  Island sacrifices,  like in a scene from  the movie Blue lagoon......... or even King King .................     Man!  Oh Man!   In the  early days  of the Bible  it was all  about  Fear of God (as the begining of all wisdom)  then later it was  love   shove   and such stuff.True  there is a hardwired center   in the  Brain  that is known to be  a center  for religion, religiosity  and such  that allows one to LIVE--  to have a sense  of direction   ,  a tommorrow,  a goal  ,  also  responsible for species empathy etc  including  a sense  of self  and being part of a Greater  Self  and  the  belief  of  a soul  .....the damage to which  causes  disorientation,  free falling,  loss  of all meaning,  or  time, of backward... forward   or entire  purpose  or  even  survival  as in a   lost zombie  not knowing any survival  mechanism or  even anything beyond involuntary  functions like breathing  and can cause  self bodily harm in no time  ..........with No  ration, emotion...... .ALL  that aside  Yes  personally  the  earlier  Judiac belief  of  God being Unknowable  ---  and  even unmentionable like in Yahew  or as an extension  an abstraction  that does not exist  if  you don't exist   etc...[Which is why  to FIX IT -to  have a "Grip",  it was necessary  to anthropomorphise  -  making  a God   in mans image  etc....or Any Image  ....for mans own :"sanity"..].Religion  IS  A ROUGE...............That has  relieved  man of life  , limb,  property, humanity  (yup dignity too)  since  that  Blue Lagoon like Island "Voodoo "  God.......My  study  of how hinduism in all  its  pantheism (through  its  early times  )  comes   to  a often known conclusion (No -Not that  Essentially  it is  Monothestic -where God  is how you see  him in any form  -which  is  actually  Why  the very poor  on the street  when asked  :say  God  -There  is only one  - but  you see  him/address  him  as you as a human want to, with your  human condition  )....  All  that  Baloney aside  I think  they  address  the good  evil  dichotomy  by  side stepping  it-THOUGH   Fully Acceptiing  the existence of evil vs good as   some kind  of   abstraction  from some earlier   time  of  all  encompassing   spirit  -that was also a non-spirit  and hence  Non Existance  etc....This  convenient  artifice  allows  those  to not have to grapple  with  the  good, evil  that  The human sees  (manifestensted in Human minds and INDEED  a REALITY  ).My mind  there  IS  a ABSOLUTE  GOOD  .............and  the rest  is for  the birds.

I know this is hateful -- but why don't they just die! I mean ... that exactly where they're headed with their stupid culture. It's disgusting!How does a woman not touch anything in the house for 7 days? Does that include doorknobs, cutlery, etc? Does she move out for a week every month? How does that work?

I'd love to sniff their farts.

Just more religious freaks dying out, it is called evolution.

I despise anybody that thinks their women are 'dirty' because of biological reasons. Just put a towell down first.

Now, she can enjoy the pleasures of real men!

I think they should have stuck with the inbreeding and inbreed theirselves right out of existence.  Another nut ball religious sect with backwards neanderthal rules for women.

White women bed black dudes, so why not here? Plus, these Russian women get's to eat three meals a day, at least.

Lots of prostitutes in Ukraine.

To some comments below: What is wrong with black men? Quit being racist, it's 2013!@SnarkBark-totally agree!

Great. First there are losers frrom all over the world living on palastinian land now wh@res will set claim. WHat did I incessently say? The occupiers are losers from all over the world that cannot make an honest living like the rest of us. Bible. My #$%$Well, Sarah Pallin bedded black dudes, why can't this gal from Russian?

Eastern European women give great BeeJays.

I can see this; look at all the white women bedded black boys, and this includes Sarah Pallin in her younger years!

They will be sorry. Russians and Ukrainians = Bad News!

women from eastern europe have mustaches

M ake no mis take if they rea d the tal mud then they are in de ed zi o n ist  j ewsand you should watch out for your chi ld ren !950, 000 missing b l o od les s ch il dren. Wh ere are th ey ? Wh er 's th e b l o od?

Russian women love those dirty Arabs

i like sex with my cousin when she's menstrating...

I hope no one takes takes this the wrong way...but I would fully like to plow that broad's turd cutter.

the jews are foul minded people-sickWhites and inbreeding? You don't say. Maybe, for their next magic trick, Yahoo will tell us that the sky is blue. Filthy albinos, the whole damn continent is inbred.

well thats really godly,  incest ? no wonder thier god is wiping them of the face of the earth,

Blonde/ blue watered down Jews.