Hands off my Ponzi Scheme!

aye, give them a decent pension and take it off them straight away by reducing the council tax &amp; rent benefit they receive......

So people who would have paid SERPS will just end up with a paltry £142 whereas under the present scheme would get £180 plus. People who work cash in hand, pay no tax or NI end up with the same as the tax-paying worker. Something very wrong there - a typical Tory lack of fairness, as with the Granny tax allowance and just about everything else this sorry load of manure has come up with since they slimed into power.

You could always sneak into the country underneath a lorry and have benefit's thrown at you...

This will make pensioners worse off .And Cameron know it .He is conning us .

You know the routine. Up at six  pack up for work only now, don’t forget your inhaler and stick or walking frame and of course the sanitary pads for those who might get caught short

Last paragraph - 'in a bid to force more Britons to start saving for retirement'  are you joking - when youngsters can see how pensioners are being robbed rotten - the last thing they are going to do is save for retirement - just to have it stolen to keep MPs/MEPs/Peers in luxury whilst they freeze and starve.

Why are all his promises after the election? We want action NOW on the EU, pensions, immigration, the rapid spread of benefit abuse, human rights act, foreign aid ,corruption etc etc

As most of us would have been working 50 years if we retire at 66 unfair that someone who has worked only 30 yeatrs will get the same pension.

WHEN WILL THEY STOP THIS-------Nearly 50,000 children who live abroad are receiving benefits claimed by immigrant families living in Britain, figures have revealed.Just under 30,000 families are claiming child benefits and tax credit for offspring who live outside the UK but within the European Union, as well as Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway.Poland is home to the highest number of children in the region who are receiving benefits claimed in the UK, with more than half the total, 25,659, receiving welfare.Every lie Cameron tells .His nose gets bigger .

Looking at there smiling faces there has got to be a con somewhere dont believe a word they say

guarantee pensioners will lose out one way or anotherbut not the rich ones,they keep giving them bus passes/heating allowancewhile they hit the poor with bedroom taxes,WHAT A BUNCH OF WRETCHES

There will be winners and loser's we will lose and the Government will win.I have paid in for 50 years when 30 years needed to qualify so what has happened to the other 20 years of contributions at increased rate?

So that's the giving hand. By this time tomorrow we will know what the other hand has snatched back.

'65 for men and 60 for woman'.  So there is only one woman unfortunate enough to be included?  Excellent writing skills!

lets just get 2015 here and say bye bye to Camoran and his crew then we will all feel better!!!!!

I just have to live for another three years then? The NHS isn't making it easy to stay alive.

This government is only interested in breeders, it's all about giving money for childcare and sod anyone who has worked hard all their life.

Tomorrow , Tomorrow we'll give all tomorrow ,, Today we must take away ???I will sum it up like this £40.000.00 to keep a prisoner £10.000.00 to keep a pensioner now spot the difference, please I know it's £30.000.00 the point is prisoners have more human rights than the good honest folk.The prisoner does not have to worry about fuel and food bills some pensioners do.

Just empty PR words to buy a few votes.

You'll note that all these promises Cameron and his cabinet ministers are making are due to take effect AFTER the general election in the hope that the public might be taken in and persuaded to vote them in again. In the unlikely event they were re-elected, they can of course go back on it and revert to normal.

The ONLY way to put the UK in to recovery mode.INCOME.1/ New legislation to stop tax avoidance and close tax loopholes is vital.Money paid in the UK and profits made in the UK should be taxed in the UK.This alone would get rid of the deficit and return the AAA rating.But this would mean the elite tax dodgers would share in austerity measures so is unlikely as selfish greed rules the UK..2/Winter fuel allowance for people between 60 and 65 and anyone earning above £25000 must be stopped .This should also be put on pensions and taxed so people who do not really need it will be paying 45% back in tax.3/Foreign aid must be cut to 2 billion pounds .This is still generous as there are people in the UK going cold and hungry.4/Pension contributions tax allowance should not exceed 20% and be capped at £7000 per year.5/ISAS were created to encourage savings and should be stopped.There are many savings accounts offered with better interest rates and it is unfair that the lower paid save 20% on their interest when the people who do not need it save 45% on their interest.6/The UK is over populated and immigration must be reduced to no more than the numbers leaving the UK.Immigration must also be more selective and only English speaking and qualified people allowed in.7/To receive benefits people must have worked for 2 years unless they are incapable. Working as an apprentice would qualify.8/People who commit crime for money must have money taken away from them.9/The numbers of MP,s ,Lords and councillors must be cut by 33%.Government administration in the UK is the most expensive in the world and MUST be cut.10/The result of an EU in out election must be brought forward so industry can regain confidence.11/ Empty or second houses should not have reduced rates .Expenditure.1/The government must guarantee the first 15% of a mortgage so the banks can give 95% mortgages .Stamp duty should be stopped for houses of less value than £250000.The environment survey should be paid by the buyer as an option with the survey.This would create a housing boom and many thousands of jobs.2/Employers NI contributions should be cut to encourage investment and employment.Business rates should be capped for the next 5 years.3/The minimum wage should be increased to £8.50 per hour and pensions increased to £150 per week.This is not as expensive as it sounds as this will save billions in top up money [benefits] and help with a consumer led recovery.4/The government should give a date for the end of PPI claims .It is very important the banks come back to strength as soon as possible.The above should be done now before more damage is done.

So lets get this right  . The majority of us have paid serps , which would have given us an increased pension. Now we are to get a flat rate pension. No rebate of the money we've paid. Not unlike the EU raid on Cyprus Banks Customers. This is Theft pure and simple ???

Picture says it all. Cameron saying we can screw them till 2015 mate.

These politicians will work us all to death and screw the economic future for the young as well Bog standard Tory policies

What is the point of working hard, trying to get on in chosen trade/profesion when you can sit back, have countless kids, play the system and end up as well off as the hard workers.

How do we pay for it considering the amount of money given to the undeserving around the world particularly India that has a thriving economy, a space program and nuclear armaments. Also all the other #$%$ particularly the filthy Muslim nations that hate us. WHAT THEY SOW THEY SHOULD REAP FROM US!!!!!!!!!!!

Bring the Pension Reform forward then increase the prices for Gas,Electric and water and add a bit to VAT for the icingbut will they be in power .... dangling carrots !!!

Under the lousy labour party private pensions were stripped and robbed by gordon clown and eddie balls up. I want to see that principle reinstated and savers praised not punished.The state pension news should please eddie millibean and eddie balls up (hinge and bracket) because this makes lousy labour the nasty party.

Its all smoke and mirrors.

How about bringing it forward to April 2013 we need it now. Not when you know your no longer in power. Roll ON 2015  so we can get rid of this lot laughing at the UK people.

another smoke and mirrors promise of jam tomorro..another if you vote for me next time i might honour all the vague promises i made three years ago ..get rid of this snake oil salesman..VOTE UKIP,, save great britain,,luton lurcher..

You can vote for more immigrant overseas aid at the next election by just reading the next lousy labour party manifesto and do read the small print wont you. It will contain reference to how good immigration has been for the uk and that your support in its core lousy voting areas like bradford,leicester,birmingham will be welcome.Just think you have the opportunity again to give eddie millbean the ticket he wants to grab the immigrant vote which lousy labour loves and the platform to send more taxes abroad and to welcome those here that can be state reliant and non english speaking.labour labour labour out out out

It's all jam tomorrow, if re-elected.  The General election campaign has started already. Saddly they don't even understand that this is a cut for some not a giveaway but as they published so early Labour will have plenty of time explain the winners((Tory voters) and the losers( those on benefits) and the absence of a safety net that catches people now.

he wont be in power in 2016

These problems wouldn't be as drastic if we stopped paying all these immigrants.  Goodness we are becoming the US; that is why I got out and came home, what the 'eck happened here?  It is worse than the US now

Why do you idiots elect these balends??  such a poor state your country is in....you are all as idiotic as the muppets that are in control of you.Many pensioners are not that badly off, dont believe all the hype, I get free housing, eg no council rent to pay, free bus pass, £200 winter fuel payment, £10 at christmas, free eye tests MY money is made up to £140 a week, no council; tax to pay etc . I actually save money to help my daughter out !! My average fuel bill is £20 a week,water bill £4 a week aprox  I spend £25 a week on food etc, do all my own cooking, never been so well off !!

who would you like to replace them with?

This 2015 date was carefully chosen by this miserly government because most of the retirees who were born post WW2 in the baby boom will have retired by then (myself included). So they will recieve only the present flat rate of less than £100 instead of predicted £140-£155. I have two small pensions which will probably preclude me from any extra benefits. The Tories just bleed you dry and then some.

Old people are a drain on society.I will always be young and healthy.  I can just feel it.

I think all public sector workers getting over £30,000 a year should have their wages cut in a progressive rate eg the more they get , the higher percentage of wage cuts. MP's  should get a wage cut of £10.000 and their wages should be paid in proportion to how many times they turn up for work ( as normal people do !! ) at the House of Commons, Gordon Brown note !!Judges, NHS consultants, doctors etc earning over £100,00 should have aprox 50% wage cut in amounts over the £100,000 level. Public spending needs to come down by about 30% this would be  19% to cover the present gap and the remaining 11% could go towards paying off our one trillion pound and ever rising debt's.

People on here should check out on line yourstrawman this is how we are being treated in the UK today by CON MEN.

Are you listening America?  Are you starting to finally see what is headed our way?  Eventually, there will be no individual retirements, it will ALL be government run.  And we all know what a well oiled machine "The Government" is.

Have paid NI contributions for 35 years, does that mean I will get a refund on the extra 5!!!!! I think NOT!!!

As a pensioner myself I think the young are in a far worse position than I and many others of my age group are. Many pensioners have never had it so good and get FAR too many handouts that they don't actually need ( eg dispatches channel 4 last night ) most are  greedy and although they dont need any of the perks that they get, eg winter heating allowance, free bus passes etc , they have a deep sense of entitlement. What we have to realise is that this and past governments have for years been spending FAR more than they get back in taxes. At present out of every £100 of government spending only £81 is actually being raised, the other £19 is borrowed !! The UK Government is actually over ONE TRILLION pounds in debt, thats £40,000 for every UK household. We are giving unlimited child allowances away when we should be restricting it to just the first 2 children, after all the population of the world is already too much and many other countries eg Vietnam and China just for two are restricting the amount of children that women can have, more than permitted and they are fined. How ridiculous the latest announcement from the Government that couples earning up to £150,000 a year will now get back £1,200 per child in child caring allowance. We have quite a few public sector workers getting wages far above the private sector rates and far better pensions to boot. Even our ex prime minister is astill getting paid as an mp, despite the fact that he rarely ever bothers to go to the house of commons, yes the same thing is in his head as well, I'm entitled to the money , so if I can get away with it, I'll grab it !! Can you imagine a private sector firm, ONE TRILLION pounds in debt, paying top rates of wages and pensions, of course not. Of course this cant go on forever and unless there are some rapid and dramatic change's then one day UK will completely collapse as no one political party is prepared to be honest and make the sensible and hard decisions needed to get us back into a positive financial position.