Cost of a barrel of Oil to produce in Saudi Arabia-3 dollars-, cost to produce a barrel of oil in the Eagle Ford Shale S Texas -40 dollars- Price paid to Oil companies for Oil to refine- 113 dollars an barrel based on North Sea Brent. Oil futures traded in Abu Dabai, Qatar, London, Saudi Arabia keep prices of oil futures up to insure that profits remain fat .

If you can't feel shame go buy some oil stock.

Looks like Oil futures are a pretty good bet.

Final Glance:  NYMEX Corporate Elite Investor Profits: $BILLIONS$...U.S. Average American wage earner: "SCREWED"...

and the slick spreads

I like oil

One fell the rest are raking it in. BP damaged the environment and everyone is mad at them. The rest have our wallets in their pockets.

Final Glance, they're screwing us into the stone age.Why futures should be traded, at our expense, putting us at their mercy, is absured.US mining and oil rights should benefit our sovreignity, not line foreign pockets.Stop exporting domestic oil.  Start producing more.  Reduce imported oil.  Develop alternates.Get back to domestic production and reliance on domestic goods, and forget world order.Maybe there would be some nationaly pride once more.  Buy American.

Our country's number one export is gas, so what about this supply/demand dictating our gas prices? I guess, why even have a reason other their need to greedy on the backs of the American public. Remember they are reselling one of this country's national resources and charging us like it's imported..

Exxon making $0.02/gallon grants them the title of Big Evil Oil....The Democrat Party adding over a $1.00/gallon in taxes, fees, royalties grants them the title of "The party of the Little Guy"......truely unbeliberalbleDon't worry...the NYSE corporate elite SPECULATORS will find a lame excuse to jack-up crude oil prices again....always do....

I just thought of something i've never seen here before. obviously the rich are known and have public records of what companies and stock they are affiliated with. What is Obamas portfolio?

Keep in mind, for every gallon sold, government keeps $0.50.  Don't expect prices to fall at the pump until the government decides to reduce its share of "earning".

big oil stinks

Oil Campany shares...NO THEY DON'T!

Them and the world richest   Bankers,plus old money families rule this planet,no matter who is President,Prime Minister,King,Queen or whatever your title is.

This is aimed at the uninformed and designed to rile up the ignorant. Shares are up OK, that must be a sin in the Socialist world. No mention of the profit margins....the average is 8.2%. Compare that to Apple, 23%. Big numbers, normal margins for oil but absolute gouging by Apple. Media promoting the Environmental agenda of hating big oil. If you buy it, you are the sucker...easier than that, read the comments.

gas is still high

This is the only industry that I know of that makes a guaranteed profit.  Doesn't make any difference how they are operated or who is running the company, they always make a Profit.  Think the game is rigged?

Oil will not drop down in prices. Gasoline prices will stay high and will not come back as it was in good old days as 2$ per gal. Arab countries and Russia will get more rich.and these big companies need a tax break.. so says the teabagging party... can you say they have these politicians by the balls.. and squeeze when they need more money... what a bunch of criminals...

Final Glance: Oil companies.....have all of our money

I always love it when someone supports the big oil companies. They always have rational reasons for gas prices its never corporate greed.

United States needs to build more crude oil storage facilities to store six months to one year of crude oil.

Approve the  XL Pipeline

How will the big oil executives ever be able to feed their families?

Obama wants high gas prices so he can push his belief in alternative energy.

Catch the Speculators Out on a Limb!!!  Here’s the 2 Step Plan!!!...Step 1 -  Do the Pipeline Now!!!What part of  - A Steady Supply of Oil from a Friendly Country equals Keeping Gas Prices Down – don’t you understand.  20K Shovel Ready Jobs and Big Boost to the Economy and the Ability to Boost Flow in a very short time like in the case of another Middle East Crisis that drives up the Price of Oil. We could also catch Unpatriotic Speculators like Big Fat George Soros out on the Limb and burn them for Millions of Dollars while they hold Supplies off the Market.Step 2 -  Do the Civilian Petroleum Reserve Now!!!How long are we going to have no answer to the Summertime Spike in Gasoline???  The Stupid Unpatriotic Dems are actually on to something when they call for releasing Oil from the Military’s Strategic Petroleum Reserve.  Unfortunately this would weaken our Defense so it must be rejected!!!  But what if we had a Civilian Petroleum Reserve that we could buy Oil when it is cheap and then release it when we have a spike in the price of Oil because of some Crisis in the Mid East or when Demand goes up in the Summer!!!

Raise octane level five percent in all gasoline refined. Reduce highway speed limit to fifty miles per hour. Develope an additive to gasoline which will give more miles per hour.

RESTORE THE GOLD STANDARD...!stop giving tax breaks for big oil.

those oil companies can go to hell

Crooks have have goughed the world since the seventies.Their taxes should be 100%

I keep hearing about cheap oil on the cable news shows, yet the price of gas keeps going up, what gives?

What is being left out in most of the news is that when Obama played golf with Tiger Woods there was other players too: a group of oil executives.

oil companies are going to involve us into World War111 if we are not careful in the Middle East. They all ready have Us involved in Terrorist Wars. Bring on the Biofuel quick.

"It's all about oil," said Chuck Weatherwax.

How many jobs are related to oil  it is one of the few industries Oblah blah  has not screwed up yet BUT give him time

economy is about to go under with the price of oil and the higher prices at the pump

diesel up to 4.05 from 3.85 in one weekSo much hate, but aren't these stocks a major share of almost all balanced portfolios?  Don't we depend on oil?  Isn't it a limited resource (like gold?).  Most of the world's oil is already nationalized for the benefit of a very few politicians and their cronies.  I'm thankful for the publicly traded oil companies that we do have.  But continue with your idiotic, socialist rabble rousing...

replcian on vac. stealing

US Plants should be built to clean and gasify coal an ship natural gas to Asia. domestic oil companies control natural gas, coal, and much of crude oil consumed in USA. Natural gas plants must be built to send LNG to Asia. Coal gasification plants must be built to ship natural gas to SK, Japan and India.

All you need is a spot of land with lots of oil under it and your intantly rich, have a country fuLL of oil and your a king, a king ha ! There was this one farmer in ND that gets so much money from his oil well he cant spend it all, hey over here Im here help help !!!

pretty soon,they'll be"too big to fail"like the banks.all they need is one big scheme-one big rip off,and instead of getting punished,they'll bee rewarded with that designation...but,this is nothing-wait until water becomes the next oil-THEN we'll be talking world war III

Our gas prices are higher now than ever, with Obama in office, look it up. We are buying oil that came from here, refined elswhere because he is so concerned for our environment....and we have 4 more years of this.

Fracking, by US oil companies will eventually bring lower gas prices to gasoline stations here in US. US companies here in America have caused energy prices to decline which will bring manufacturing, chemical plants, fertilizer plants back to United States.

Record profits!oh, i feel soo sory for oil co.they are screwing us every f/n day!sidebar: bush 1.78b hussain o 4.05how do you like me now?

Raise the pump prices to get yur money back! It's ALWAYS the answer oil companies use to clear and hoard maximum profits!

Get the parasitic speculators out of it by making them have to take delivery!!!!!!!It sure gets the sheeple excited. HAHAHA! The Chicken Littles will have too pay a few pennies more! O'meingevalter! Sweep that gas price anxiety away with a $7 cup of coffee at BigBuck$$$ or Dung Bro$$$.

Jeez, I hope this is the FINAL GLANCE!

F-THEM!  Gas has risen .45 cents in a week in half here.  What's their (p)iss poor excuse to the sudden gouging?

They have NOT fallen enough. YET! Buncha thieves!

Hate to burst bubbles but Oil companies have very little to do with the price of gasoline.  It is a commodity similar to Gold &amp; Silver.  Speculators and fear have more influence over gasoline prices.

Just wait until Summer is here if you think gas is high now just wait Big  Oil loves PROFITS PROFITS and PROFITS

Buncha run by crooks companies  thats why I try to avoid them as much as possible!

Way more in Europe....we'll get there soon.  I can't wait.

Those mean, evil oil companies make $0.22/gallon of gasoline with a huge investment and provide hundreds of thousands of jobs and people #$%$, yet the government makes better than $1.00/gallon of gas with no investment and no risk and that's ok... And for those who are brain dead, that gas tax money was supposed to go to infrastructure, yet no one in the media said why do we need to spend any money on infrastructure when there has been a huge flow of gas tax money going to that for decades.

The big oil companies just ride the gravy train that Wall Street creates through speculation. Sure they are working together to keep prices high, but take take care of the corruption on Wall Street and big oil will have to find some other excuse / reason to raise their prices to meet their shareholders demands.Oil Companies have some of the lowest Profit Margins out of any industry.  The also receive the least amount of government subsidiaries and 'tax breaks'.  And besides, any corporation gets ridiculous tax advantages regardless of what industry they are in.   And US energy exploration and refinement is good for our economy.  It keeps tax dollars and salaries in the US instead of going to any OPEC nation.

Why do we keep exporting our oil and then BUY it back???

So they can pay the full tax rate... right?

Americans need to realize that all those billions in tax breaks that the oil companies receive from the American taxpayers pays for alot of American jobs . Just saying

Cut all oil subsidies NOW..!!!...This industry is awash in profits and will not re-invest as long as they can squeeze the taxpayers...

The oil companies shoud be regulated and heavely taxed their the ones that really hurt the economy

yep.  no billionaire left behind....

The price of fuel is all the work of oil speculators who are true TERRORISTS.

Olde news. Like reading the weekend WSJ. Totally worthless.

I hope it goes to 10 a galllon, so does Barry. You get what you vote for!the New World Mafia Of OIL in league with the arrogant koch brothers TEa party and GOP Congress in the GREAT American RIP OFF on the POOR And Middle Class Americans.their MOTTO GREED and Corruption

Americans use gasoline sparingly in your cars and trucks, price of gasoline will decline.

My car drinks oil.  I like oil.

Yet there are alternative fuels that could lessen the burden on citizens if their development was only backed.  Kudzu is a rampant "weed" of the south that can grow a foot a day.  It can be used to make ethanol, and it can be used as feed for livestock, or so I read.  Seems like none of this weed would go to waste, which makes me wonder why it is not being taken far more seriously as a 'green' fuel, unless pure greed is motive for preventing that.

Gas is high because we, the consumer continues to buy it, no matter the price.  We the people has the power to set the price on any product, and until we grow balls big enough to pull off a boycott, then we will continue seeing the price go up and down like a yo yo.

I am not going to be very popular for what I am about to post, but before posting negative comments and thumbs down, do some research. The federal government has an excise tax on gasoline.is 18.4 cents per gallon. Add to that state and local taxes and the amount increases dramatically, in fact from a low of 26.4 cents per gallon (Alaska) to a high of 69.6 cents per gallon (New York). The profit for the oil companies on a gallon of gas is about 10 cents or less per gallon. So the government is getting any where from 44.8 cents to 88 cents a gallon. Guess who is paying for it? You are. Your anger should be directed in the right place when you talk about high gasoline taxes. An average fill up of twelve gallons generates from $5.38 to $10.56 om taxes for a fill up. The government does not drill, haul refine, transport, or pump the gasoline. The oil companies do that for a whopping profit of about $1.20 on the same fill up. Ask yourself who is doing the ripping off, the government that produces no gasoline, or the oil companies that produce all the gasoline.

Billions of dollars made, and zero taxes paid!

And they will announce billions and billions of profit earnings.

"USA awash in crude oil and has a surplus of natural gas". Price of crude oil is destined to fall to $65.00 per barrel. Natural gas is already below $4.00 mcf. Gasoline should decline to at least $3.00 to $3.50 soon.

Cheats.time to protest oil and gas ,my heat bill is more then my pay check

These devil children control the entire world...It's TIME FOR A CHANGE

Block the Koch oil brothers and other big oil companies, from lobbying with their billions, from donating to campaign funds to pay off politicians.

Laws need to be passed to remove these barbarion oil companies from recieving their windfall tax cuts unless, they can prove to keep gasoline cost between 2.50 and 2.80 per gallon on average price at pump for the year, then give them their tax cuts at end of year, if they keep price passed on to dealers above 2.80 per gallon for average cost for whole year, they lose their windfall tax deduction. We dont need to hear about your costs of fracking or drilling, we know you oil companies are raping millions at the pump, what you pass on to dealers, so you can use your illegal stock market speculators to rack up prices when the jobs report comes in. You are nothing but a bunch of greedy con artists criminals, fattening up your wallets everyday, from the wallets of hard working Americans incomes.

final glance at who pulls the strings.

As long as crude oil is "traded" via the Wall Street Future's Market SPECULATOR "betting process" we are all screwed!...Write your congressional representatives and DEMAND that the authority of Wall Street to trade crude oil be ABOLISHED and it only be sold directly to the USER, otherwise the skies the limit for this uncontrolled GREED.

Iol Companies don,t pay taxes at all and never have paid any. That is not now it works Big Tim they just pass it on to you at the pump. The Consumer pay the taxes not oil companies they pay Congress Law Makers from Texas.

If you have a commute of 15 miles or less per day there is a 100% off grid answer for those who are in need to be frugal with their money and is as close to 100% environmentally safe as you can get...One used or new 20"-26" mountain bike or tricycle.  One cheap electric conversion kit from ebay, 500 watt or more.  Two battery packs - each 3 - 12v 12amp deep cycle sealed lead batteries that are highly long lasting and recyclable.  Three 150watt solar panels set up for charging, while one battery pack is in use, charge the other battery pack at the home solar station.  It takes roughly 4-6 hours for each panel to charge each battery, even on cloudy and overcast days.  An average speed of 15mph is roughly the same as any vehicle in an in-town commute, but it comes with a lot more freedom and avenues of traffic bypass ;P.I have done this for over 5 years and 10,000 miles in the midwest, through rain, snow or whatever.  Even if my commutes are longer or one of my batteries starts to fail (I've only replaced 3 batteries in the last five years at a cost of $120... very cheap in comparison to filling up every other week), I haven't found an employer yet who won't let me replenish my charge at work.  It all costs under $1,000 especially if you use your local city maintenance department for a source of used solar panels.No gas, no registration, no license, no insurance... all the freedom of travel of a daily commute without the expense.  While I dress for the weather conditions, I still work in a office... but lucky me, I've only been rained on hard two times in the years I've done this.   To me it is more practical than owning or operating a combustion engine vehicle... and it makes a hell of a lot more sense for people like me who just need a way to get to work and back, run a few errands, pickup a few groceries with the bike baskets and just commute around town.It was easy for me... it was all about keeping it simple, stupid...

"This week, the US Army dedicated the world’s largest low-concentration solar photovoltaic installation on its White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico. The installation will generate 10 million kilowatt hours (kWh) of electricity and reduce carbon emissions by 7400 tons each year while saving the institution around $930,000 a year. “This project illustrates the U.S. Army’s commitment to going green, our focus on operating on net zero energy, and doing what we can to help protect the environment,” boasts Garrison Commander Col. Leo Puller."This facility system produces 4.1 Mega Watts.  That's a LOT of power!

Note to congress ; stop lining your pokets while in office and tax oil companies at strickt 35 % no more free rides on the american public.Despite oil giants raise and fall the house still wins! Unless the people can design a better greener tech that everyone wants. This will only #$%$ off oil giants to put a bullet in your head.

FACT - The republican Koch brothers have shown RECORD profits EVERY quarter since we have been in a recession!

Raising taxes on oil producers will have 1 effect, it will increase the cost of oil and gasto you.

Good for them!  Love it.

BP "British Petrolium" owned by United Arab Emirates "Majority Shareholders" they keep the name as they know Americans and Europeans don't care to much for Arabs.  I never buy anymore from them..........

Oil companies have been out of control for long time and the USA using our Military to back them up over there in Middle East. We don,t need their oil but oil companies need their profits and no taxes.

I bet they all went crying to the bank with their bonuses and Pay and Now bigger Paid TAX Free Perks. thanks to the koch brothers TEA Party and GOP Congress with their Billions dollars TAX Breaks for the USA Mafia OIL

The oil companys make TRILLIONS yet the republican House gave them $50 BILLION in taxpayer dollars.

I'm waiting for the story that claims oil companies are down..I'll be waiting awhile I'm sure.

i think what ever the ground the oil come out of,a larger share of th e money should go back to the people of that country.or pay less for gas,mainly in canadaWhere are the insurance policies of these people.  If my house burns or is destroyed by a tornado I pay for insurance to cover this.  Taxpayers should not pay for more than clean up.

reminds me of that pink floyd song money when in the beginning you keep hearing the register ringing and money going in. at least we got a good song out it..

Horaay for the Oil Companies!!! Baaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrfff!!!

You would think oil companies would be worth as much a google or yahoo. Even the investors are getting screwed.

Walking seems more attractive every day

I think I'll start a left wing socialist cable tv news station and sell it to Qatar.

who were the robber barons of the 1890's, oil companies?

Shell and water don't mix.  Look at the debacle they created in Kodiak to try to avoid taxes.  Just wait till Shell has an oil spill under the sea ice in the Chukchi Sea.

Reinstate Glass/Steigal, prohibit Congressional lobbying, Tax and audit or abolish The Fed, prohibit all corporate tax breaks to any company employing less than 90% of it's workforce domestically, tax all churches. Reform Campaign financing.

"At a Glance",, Oil Companies are Screwing us Pink and have been doing it for over 30-40 Years.drill baby! drill!!!

enough with the oil company reviews!!! there isn't anything we can do about it!

Let the oil company's, (that some of you people seem to hate) collapse and then you'll know hard times - I seriously doubt that green energy will even come close to replacing it as fast as some of you think it can. And even if it could it would take another 50 plus years to get us there - mean while, people would literally freeze and starve to death waiting on the transition - are you sure that's what you want?Even technology's like nuclear energy depend on oil for crying out loud...!

The price of oil is pegged to the US dollar.  As the value of the US dollar declines (down 16% in 2012) the price of oil increases.

Go on guys drill more oil !!! Let the socialists and anarchists play their anti big business nutty games !!!

Thank you oil companies for investing billions in research and development, more  billiond in exploration, more billions in drilling expenses, more billions in pipelines, more billions in refineries so that I can pull up to a pump and fill my SUV up anytime I need for less than a gallon of milk. Thank You!!!!

The number of businesses and industries that rely on oil to make or ship their products is endless. If oil went away tomorrow the world as we know it would collapse. Stop kicking oil companies for the failure of other industries to produce replacement energy or modify their products to not use oil. If you hate oil so badly stop using products that use oil in some fashion.Good luck with that!

Drill I want to ride not walk, I dont care what the libs say, They want to ride in there cars and jets too but it looks good if someone is complaining.

We need to build the Keystone pipeline ASAP!

The biggest rip off in global history...Google much you lying libtards?From Forbes:  ExxonMobil in 2011 made $27.3 billion in cash payments for income taxes. Chevron paid $17 billion and ConocoPhillips $10.6 billion. And not only were these the highest amounts in absolute terms, when compared with the rest of the 25 most profitable U.S. companies.  Exxon’s tax rate was 42.9%, Chevron’s was 48.3% and Conoco’s was 41.5%. That’s even higher than the 35% U.S. federal statutory rate, which is already the highest tax rate among developed nations.

damm o mighty..if  the USA oil companies cant make a couple of bucks on their stock, the sht will hit the fan next year

Here it comes..we are going to get screwed again by the oil companies.  What we need to do is not to buy less oil products ,but rather, park our cars, and trucks for one week, do nothing, and show these speculators, that they can not screw  with us by draining our pockets..Total control is not theirs, they just think they have us where they want us.  Wake up, it's time we here took control of our lives.

too bad HHO private production  isn't mainstream or the oil companies  will only be able to sell their wares for plastics. Yes you can build a hydrogen/ oxygen generator with 4 stainless steel pot scrubbers, distilled water,baking soda and a sock and 12 volt car battery!LOOK IT UP

I say we just blame bush,christians,whites and now guns..You #$%$ oblamer coward sheeple...

i am loosing sleep over there lost,  i think i will sent them a dollar,  or maybe better a short hemp rope so they can hang themslevs.

Yeh, what else is new? Fine journalistic report,AP, were you having a bad day?

California , has so much oil offshore , est- 10 to 80  (MILLION BBLS) just sitting there , yet our lame duck (Democratic contol state just dosen't get it) , Instead of drilling , paying down debt , they would rather raise taxes instead , No common sense being used here once again , Average Joe

they pay $0 US taxes

Breath taking information!oh dear the poor stockholders....please someone create a crisis ....

The oceon is the factory that produeses the oil,I dont think that we should drill there,that could be like killing the goose that was laying the golden eggs to get them all at one time.that is an old fashiond story.Nobody has time for them anymore.

Must be about time for some "scheduled maintenance" on a couple of refineries to jack the price up....or tell you gas is down 1% from this time last year,then it jumps up to over 4$ a gallon, then back down for another report.

better a tax cut than just giving them billions of dollars for nothing. A tax cut or break is just allowing them to keep more of there own money. Plus the cost associated with drilling is so high that the are only making pennys on the dollar. I we want to "hurt BIG oil" quit driving. They pay more taxes than all other industry's combined. also look at apple or google and what they pay, oil is a commodity and provides wealth when it is extracted from our ground. computers  cost $ and give to other country's.

So I can buy 100 share of Exxon Mobil for around 9 grand hu. I wish

And I thought based on the title that I will truly have a last glance at oil companies. I was thinking, well good riddance. :)

If you wanr free gas, buy stock in an oil company. They pay dividends every year.

Wow i feel so bad for big oil does this mean they cant buy there 20th BMW?

between the world bank Barons Crooks and the World Mafia OIL cartels  who pollute the world;  who is the World Richest Crooks?    Me thinks it's both of them .  IMF Leaders , all EU Bank barons pay no Income TAX  and make huge Profits .In the USA  the Big USA OIL Mafia get From the Koch brothers TEA and GOP Congress Billions Dollars TAX Breaks.

My heart bleeds. Hurry up and start another war in the Middle East to make your obscene profits soar.Awwwwwwwwwww.... poor,poor,poor..... oil co.'s   How will they survive on ONLY BILLIONS in profits EVERY QUARTER.... OH THAT'S RIGHT THEY'VE BEEN DOING THAT 4 DECADES NOW !!!!!!    MAY THE GODS OF FALLING OIL PRICES CONTINUE 2 VISIT THESE #$%$**LES !!!!!!!!    ;-)

The refineries have been beaten down so much that could be why Pickens and Soros are picking up shares of Valero.......IMO

If you can post BP, surely you could also post STO and E.

Please also list:  E, STO, RDS-a

Current and interesting.

porn oil and cigerettes forget the so called experts and invest

hey.... its the AP

What she said

Very informative article - if you're a dildak

If you had a US dollar based commodity with this much debt, how much would you charge for   a barrel of crude? If you were that much in debt, how much federal, state and local tax would you mandate per gallon of gas? If you needed to spend billions on new refineries and pipelines and exploration and pay share holders for their risk of ill-informed political intervention, how would you value your investment in these companies that now barely keep up with the S&amp;P 500? It's called BIG OIL because it deals with BIG DOLLARS but as a risk adjusted investment on a percentage basis, it sucks worst than Government Motors.Please expand your list to include : Eni, STO, APC