wow, i guess none of the posters on Yahoo have ever had a kid that fell, or bumped his head, or got hurt in any way....always ready to heap blame upon someone for anything...

My middle brother loved to climb..at three I have an old movie of him "tightrope" walking across the top swingset bar! Dad filmed it! He climbed pipes on outer walls and waterfalls..had a few narrow misses too...accidents happen... poor little boy..poor sad parents...!

Public opinion wanted to lynch these parents before the authorities investigated this tragedy.

Why is this story on Politics?

Well who leaves their 3 year old child out in the yard unattended?

An autopsy was done that exonerated the parents.They had already been found guilty in the court of public opinion if one reads and believes what is written and reported in mainstream media. It is funny,I also live out in West Texas but waited till the autopsy was done to form an opinion. I guess it is a good thing the vast majority of Texans don't believe what is reported in the mainstream media, especially from the large liberal cities in the east and California where innocent till proven guilty apparently don't apply.

Terrible tragedy. Peace be with you.

God be with this little angel.

Something just isn't adding up. He didn't just die and they "think" they can attribute it to play ground equiment? I'm not buying it. There is something wrong with this story.

Why was a three year old playing on anything unattended? There was neglect, Texans just are flakes and won't charge the parents.So...who is at fault here?

My question is; If the child had been a texan born girl with blonde curls and a cute photograph would the parents have been let off so easily?

And they want to be parents?

This is a very serious issue , Amerika, as anyone's bad behavior will reflect for "US' adoptions to cease in the future for these kids ...

R.I.P.

his mom should've been watching him

OH  NO  here comes one of those ICB's

Ummn... you mean Chinese right?

and my nuts are  clean. no #$%$

of course the republicans hate russian people.Thuggish Russians are looking for any excuse to riot and start a war with the US just like the equally thuggish Japanese. Maybe we should oblige them both...