We didnt fix anything with the crocked wall street and regulation buddy system the first time, why would we expect anything less?

Corporations will triumph and us commoners are going to be depressed as heelll when the greatest depression ever hits the world. At least we live in a food producing country, billions of third worlders will probably starve.

No one will trust the markets again until the bankers go to jail.

The taxpayers built it.

That Obama has to be the worst socialist ever.

still don't trust this market.

The US economy is sinking, consumer confidence is down, $114 Billion was withdrawn within the 1st week of January from all the top 25 major banks and Govern Accountability Office's report shows the US is broke yet the stock market is doing this well.......something is wrong here. Follow the money and you will know what happened, oh wait, the banks claim they have no idea where the $114 Billion went.

We will find out when the floor falls out from under them

why do i have a feeling had mitt won all these "i call bull stuff" mess would sound more like "ya see what happens when we put one of us back in office"

but there's still no recovery and sense this is good news its more lamestream media lies...tell us repubs why are they lying now? I mean pres obam already beat your brains in in nov so whats the motive now?hi, going up down or sideways

Amazing how many people can read the stats and still not get it. It is no wonder that the entire free world thinks Americans are stupid and we prove how stupid we are every day.

You mean I moved my tanked 401K for nothing !!!

Looks like insiders are moving stuff around as usual. ok.

weren't they the biggest loser the other day????? #$%$!!!!

just a bunch of insider stock manipulation....nothing to see here....move along

Let the lies continue, the federal reserve has created a false economy with their $40,000,000,000 billion a month printing of monopoly money keeping false companies afloat that would go under otherwise. When is crashes and it will soon you are going to know the real reason behind Sandy Hook because they did it.

I thought Obama got re-elected?

"Nasdaq stocks posting largest volume increases". Compared to what? Actual volume is down 60% everywhere. I've been to the meetings, everyone is getting out of the con game

Ivanhoe the best stock out of the bunch...  in three years look for 10 foldI just wonder this writers why they do not write the synbols of the companies they are writing about ; please let me kow the reason ?

Kerx : Truly astounding, that such a spike in volume along with the massive share price increase can actually take place. Never seen this before. And it's still going up. I guess the reason for it will come soon. Truly amazing !!!!

...

ENER is going $ 2

Look for companies with products that can be realistically expected to hit the market sooner than later. Of course by this stage, success is still not guaranteed but if the bulk of stringent testing is completed there is a higher likelihood that you will soon see some return on your investment. Check out ChromaDex Corporation (CDXC.OB)