This is just an honest question because I don't understand the drift of the article; In the case of Detroit, how can the local government control and isolate blacks when they are 83% of the population?  Since the local govenment is black, how can it be racism?  And the guy taking over Detroit is also black.

Just pointing out that the ARTICLE didn't mention racism.  It was just in the headline, which is written by the newspaper, not the author/s.  The article said "segregation" which is not the same thing as racism or bigotry.

I just knew this was my fault

I'm confused...83% makes you a majority...not a minority! To infer that certain races can't make it own their own...sounds racist to me!

What entity forced a black majority upon these two cities?

Always someone elses fault...............Start being a benefit where you live instead of figuring out ways of benefitting from where you live. What was that comment from Thatcher....ah yes.....socialism is fine until you run out of other people`s money and Detroit ran out.

So these cities are mostly minority, run by minorities and somehow its the white mans fault.  BS. Substandard education starts in the home and if you don't have the edcuation and related value systems then there will be no opportunity. More of the same "nothing is your fault and you are a victim."

OMG----Blame it on color of skin? My husband grew up in one of the TOUGHEST housing projects in Columbus, OH. His PARENTS did EVERYTHING to make sure he got an education and stayed away from the gangs. He attended Church EVERY Sunday too. The key to his story was having TWO strict , MORAL PARENTS. My husband is black and a cardio vascular surgeon at the CLEVELAND CLINIC! Stories such as his CAN HAPPEN even if you have a SINGLE MOTHER who CARES about their kids! It seems this welfare junkie mom's now a days ONLY care about their free "chit" provided by us TAXPAYERS! Everyone has the same chances IF THE PARENT(S) CARE TO FIGHT FOR THEIR KIDS. Everyone gives up because they have been told by LIBERALS that they "can't" anything since they are black and poor. I CALL BS AND PEOPLE ARE WAKING UP TO MY FACTS!

Interesting. White people flee these cities, blacks became majority, cities are essentially bankrupt because no tax-paying white people left - and white people are guilty of racism because they flee? What's next - "racism tax" on all white people to support predominantly black areas?

Blacks have controled Detroit for decades and ran it into the ground.  Even the "reform" mayors have ended up in jail.  But istead of looking at who ran the city and how it was run, it is easier to blame the white folks.  It is also easier for the crooked politicians to loot a city than to build it.

A lot of people took flight out of Detroit for a reason.  Future prospects looked bleak, so lots of folks got out while the gettin' was good.  Don't blame those folks that left, they were looking out for themselves.  No basis for the race card to played here.  Now the city, run by liberals for a long time, has a lousy tax base and huge debts and future obligations.  The auto industry has changed, and Detroit has gotten caught sideways.Oh yeah it must be racism, what a #$%$ joke. Poisoining the minds of the sheeple once again with another bs article.

Not to be mean, but my friend lived in Detroit, and he said that Detroit had plenty of opportunites for change, but the black folks there just kept voting in the same politicians who were corrupt and thieves.  The people of Detroit apparently liked things the way they were.  Go figure!

he is only half right... the number of minorities led to an increase in crime and thus the tax paying lawful citizens moved away...  stop trying to candy coat the situation...  it is the ghetto thugs that are driving these cities down....

If you provide welfare to people there is no incentive to move to where jobs are.  Welfare is a hoax designed to oppress rather than help blacks.  That is what democrats want.  All people of color who are successful  have done so despite of the welfare system.

If they had jobs instead of Government checks it may be a different situation.

I'm a Black Man. I used to live in Michigan and Lost My Job In the auto industry. In 1982, I moved to the country in North Carolina and have recently retired I love North Carolina! Both My Wife And Daughter have graduated from college in North Carolina. Life is good!PSMOVE!!!!!!!!! GET THE HELL OUT OF DETROIT AND HARRISBURG!!!!!!!!!THERE IS A WHOLE COUNTRY OUT THERE WAITING FOR YOU!!!!!!!

Why are there hardly any White folks left in Detroit? - Because there are no jobs. Why are there so many Black folks still in Detroit? - Because the government pays them to stay put.

And here it is....it's racism. Give me a break. These cities do have something in common, there both infested with liberal policies, and the results are bankruptcy. They aren't broke due to racism, they are broke because the cities spent more then they brought in. Liberal polices = failure.

Detroit was going down hill when the race riots of 1968 struck and then the deep seated Democratic run government with the hand holding of the unions set in. With most of the cities in trouble today there are a few things in common they are run by Democrats and either have had or they are run by black Mayors and they have a strong local union that runs things. None have learned that when the tax base shrinks the poverty goes up and the money for the city dries up.

It's a "heavy debt load" brought on by a " heavy black load" !Why is it that the rest of Michigan isn't facing the same problems? Only the communities there with high concentrations of blacks seem to be failing. Go figure!

So what they're saying is that the minorities are the source of all the country's problems.

unfortunately 13% of the population cause 80% of the problems.  Too bad they don't  listen to one of their own, Dr. Carson, a well respected conservative morally responsible individual, an asset to the comunity not an anchor around its neck, rather than the local pimp or drug dealer.  Social programs and give aways just reinforce their ways doing nothing to solve the problem.. By the way Dr. Carlson would make a fine president that all Americans could look up to with respect and he wouldn't give us that arrogant looking down his nose stare we get from obama.

Yes, blame white people. Blacks can do no wrong. It must be the fault of whites.

States where the Dems have been running things are all about Run Into the Ground . So Taxpayers can foot the bill to get them out . What the heck happened that the People we Elect are Not being Responsible for their Actions ??? This is Bull Dust !!

How is any of this white people's fault?   Can black people only do well if they live next door to a white person?

Really?  Which minorities?  Because the Hispanics seem to have no trouble finding work...it must be the Asians.

What a stupid article. Detroit is 83% black and 65% percent of the population works for the Government. There is no tax revenue...no private sector anymore. That is the problem.

When racism is blamed its because the people can't find the real reason or they just don't want to blame the government or unions.

I moved out of the City 15 years ago. I couldnt take the Crime,Drugs and Thugs anymore. And Yes call me a Racist but most of it was Done By the Blacks on my Street. There was only a few Whites left. I bet they are all gone now. Because the Street looks like a Dump now. What a Shame.That's good, go ahead and blame racism for terrible city financial management, the bad economy, and the problematic US auto industry.  When in doubt, play the 'race-card'.

You just cant afford to buy a house in a nice neighborhood on a welfare check. Working families don't want a house next to the projects. I don't know what race has to do with it.

Shawn makes a good point. Why are there so few white folks in these big cities? Because there are no jobs. Why are there so many black folks? Because there are no jobs! When you get done blaming me and calling us racist get a job.

What a bunch of leftist #$%$ ! This "author" blames "racism" for the "plight" of "minorities", and yet this very same scenario plays out worldwide wherever these same "minorities" exsist.Look at Haiti, or ANY black nation in Africa. "Racism" ? The cause seems to be BLACKISM.

Segragation of poor people?  Why are they poor?  No incentive to get a decent education, the lure of government handouts, the lure of quick drug money, single parent families with children from multiple fathers, no discipline.....Yep that is racism.  LOL

Couldn't possibly be that all those city mayors are black and corrupt could it ?

"With the state of Michigan now running the finances of Detroit and five other cities, nearly half of Michigan blacks have lost local political powers to the state."  Excuse me, but wasn't a former Detroit mayor recently convicted of corruption and mismanagement.  Sounds to me as though "local political powers" were the problem.

"I do believe Detroit is very fixable,"  Dude, you ever been there lately? Yea, it's fixable all right!! First, start with about 500 HUGE bulldozers.................

I agree with some of this article.It is correct that larger cities have a larger number of black residents and it is because they congregate there because they have more social assistance progams and more public transportation than smaller cities.They also have a larger and higher tax base because of the number of business and affluent taxpayers.I know because I live right outside of Atlanta's three large counties.Where I live in Cobb County we have considerable less black residents and are a majority Republican County with less public transportation.We are one of the counties that caused the transportation tax to fail last year because it mostly benefited only counties within Atlanta.They wanted us to pay for their failing rail system and their new trolley system and other ridiculous expensive projects they wanted.By the way Atlanta's mayor,Kasim Reed,is also black.See the pattern?Sound familiar?Kasim Reed is also one of Obama's democrat cronies.

Whites moved out and left a black majority and now the city looks like #$%$? And, yes, it might be more complicated than that. Grew up poor without much crime and no public filth as the neighbors would not tolerate criminal activity or filth. No one waited for someone else to come from outside and take care of it. The appearance and ultimate success of a village, a town, a city, a country reflects the industry and attitudes of the people who live there.Racism is just another word for black excuse...

On what planet is 83% and 52% a minority?

This article is ridiculous, especially this David Unkovic guy.  He blames racism on Detroit's collapse because there are too many black people as a percentage of the population.  That statement sounds racist in itself to me.  Sometimes these liberals push things so far that they finally become the racist themselves.  He essentially states that black people can not run a city themselves and need white people around to do it for them.

How is it racism that cities run by black democrats are failures?

75% of Americans think Illegal aliens should not be entitled to welfare benefitsbut Obama is passing welfare out to the illegal immigrants like candy

I don't think this guy has a good grasp of "cause and effect". Poverty doesn't limit blaks, blaks create poverty. "Substandard opportunities"? really? detroit assembly lines were manned by blaks who were well paid, got generous benefits and luxury retirement packages. And yet with all that wealth that flowed into detroit, blaks still managed to find a way to destroy the city.

that's right always blame someone else for your problems.

racisum is the copout they allways use,what a joke.

Gotta love it... Democrats control a city for 51 years and turn it into a 3rd world dump. And still cant admit it... Now Detroit is broke because of racism? HAH! Lenin was right... Leftists are USEFUL IDIOTS... Only an idiot would actually buy what this supposed article is trying to sell...

can it be racism when you mistreat your own race?  is it racism that white people moved out?  a smart person would look in the mirror.Blame whitey.

83% minority?

I'm so glad  minorities  are becoming the majority in the U.S. Perhaps now the U.S will become as successful as Detroit. One can only hope.

When you have more takers than makers, you get Detroit.

The government has nothing to do with this. Whites leave to keep from getting killed by the thugs who run those type environments. Always will.

So, you mean if your poor you can't live in Beverly Hills, shocking.

"Receive sub standard education" ? You cannot get a teaching job in Harrisburg if you are white. Who's to blame? Whites for abandoning a crumpling system, or blacks for a horrific education system that will never get someone ready for the job market. If ou want to fix the problem, you will be considered a racist.

Do blacks ever take responsibility for anything?  Sounds a lot like their leader.

No segragation, its drug crackheads and illegals getting free ride, effffff them and america would be better off

I got it..Bus them all to Chicago, I hear their running out of targets..That'll thin the Herd..What a bunch of b.s.  These "segregated" minorities are where they are by choice.  They don't want to make any effort to become self-reliant, productive and successful since it's easier to live off the government and whine about racism.

Everything has to be about race doesn't it? How typical..Detroit is mostly populated with blacks so this assertion isn't true nor is it a fact...it's just speculation.

Detroit used to have a wonderful mayor in Dennis Archer who was a CPA.  Black folks turned on him and called him an Uncle Tom.  How disgusting was that from your own people because you were trying to do what was right in that city.  STF up Detroiters.

minorities have had political control of detroit for years .... and look how they drove it into the ground ...kind of what obozo is doing to america !!!

I love how its racism that's to blame, not any of the politicians or policies of these cities. Question; are the minorities who can get out of these holes and choose to do so racist as well?

Blacks destroy every town, city and country they occupy, then blame everyone else for the trouble.  Time to step up, step on and stomp out the uninvited

Damn white people seriously I think this one falls on the blacks not the crackers.

All done by Democrats. The Article forgot to mention that FACT.

What's this guy trying to say? That concentrating blacks in one area makes the place financially nonviable? That municipalities where blacks outnumber whites and elect black politicians, head south fiscally? Is he trying to speak out against racism, or is he being really racist? Or is he just being statistically factual? It isn't the education system. Granted, the system is broken, but it's broken for whites and non-black minorities too. It isn't race. White losers are plenty too. It's CULTURE, at home. It's parental guidance and discipline. Education isn't just a bunch of letters and numbers in a textbook. It's what daddy does when he leaves the house, and comes home. It's mommy balancing a checkbook, and cooking healthy meals on a low budget. There is nothing wrong with accepting help, even government help, when you absolutely need it. But kids are watching what you do with that help, and they are watching what you do to stop needing help.

YGBSM - Racism??  What a cheap shot at honesty to try and cover up 50 years of theft by Democrats and their union thug supporters!  All the people who had worked and had possessions HAD to move out to anywhere to escape the rampant crime that came in with the Model Cities handouts of the 60s - Billions of taxpayer dollars that lined politician pockets and bankrolled Las Vegas via union pension funds.  Decent people fled in droves to avoid getting their throats slit and the daughters raped.  Stupid, stupid, libtard-biased article - FOR SHAME!!This is insane.  Depressed cities is the fault of minorities.  Yeah, that's pretty obvious, but to blame it on whitey is nuts, but I knew racism had to come up sooner or later.  That's what minorities do best, blame it on somebody else.  Burn it down, along with Chicago, LA and San Francisco, then sew salt.

When you destroy the neighborhood you live in, it's not racism Yahoo.Its barbarianism..

What a joke! The blacks do not do well when welfare dollars are gone,and the white's took their money away.Well maybe the blacks should get off their lazy low life #$%$ and work.

I had a friend that had a glass company, he made a small fortune replacing windows in the HUD projects in Dayton, Ohio. Many times replacing the same window that he replaced the prior week..All on your dime.

They become "isolated" because everyone knows (whether they will say it or not) that poor + heavily minority = dangerous cesspool...so everyone that can get the hell out of that area does.

How many other large city's have the black community destroyed ? Every damn one of them.

How are you going to avoid the segregation you see in almost all cities of any size..People who can afford nice houses and great neighborhoods, build there..people who can't affordliving in the nice house and neighborhood are usually poor people, and most often are minorities.  The government tried to manipulate people back in the 70s and 80s but it doesn't work..people who don't have any skin in the game (property ownership) will not take care of the nice place, even if they're living there, mostly free.  Facts are facts...if you want to call me racist, go ahead.

How about mismanagement by greedy, useless politicans. Oh...and racism!

How many whites will we have to sacrifice in order to achieve the unachievable liberal dream of racial harmony? Whose children will be forced to risk their lives in the name of liberal idealism?

Give me a break. The problem starts with a community built around fatherless homes, where the mothers have figured out it's more economical to have lots of babies (and more FUN too!). That breeds a community of thugs, who tear apart everything they come in contact with, so the good citizens move out and the rest rots from within. Blame it on whitey is then the common chorus sung by the losers left over. I have no sympathy for these cities that have allowed blacks to turn them into huge ghettos. News flash: It is NOT whitey's fault!Valerie Jarret was the owner of a huge slum area in Chicago, and look at her now. She doesn't give a damn about her "people". Why should whitey??Detroit is 83% black. Why is this a problem for blacks? You sure wouldn't hear any complaints from white people if a city were 83% white! This whole article seems like an admission that blacks just can't manage without white folk? We can do without you for sure but apparently you can't do without us. That's exactly what white supremists have been saying all along and blacks are making their case for them by being stereotypical here.This is hilarious! 83% black crime and drug infested shoot 'em up gang banger gangsta wanna be blacks drove all the white folks away and now it's a segregation problem caused by the white devil? The white people won't play with us! LOL!  Give it up you losers. You are where you are because you trashed where you are so bad that nobody wants to be anywhere near you anymore and it isn't just whites! When are you going to take responsibility for your country your neighborhoods, your schools, your economy,your business and your education without whinning that you can't do it without the white man. You just can't get off the teat can you? You wanted freedom...you got freedom so go with that and stop looking to everyone else to blame and to fix the problems you cause and stop looking for for handouts! That's when you'll really be free! Welcome to the real world free people!

A new study shows that citrus disease, cancer, mange, and allergies are also caused by racism.  The ink is worn off the race card.  Only the truly ignorant still accept it as an excuse.

"Many of the core communities in Pennsylvania and around the country which are financially distressed have significantly more minority citizens than surrounding municipalities," Because most of the minorities are greedily suckling on the government teat so there is no tax base. Fairly simple way to solve that problem. End welfare. We can thank Liberals for their destructive "compassion".

Blacks calling other blacks racist ...........

Even Mexicans don't want to live anywhere near welfare sucking black women with five kids under 16 who lie, steal and let their pitbulls run wild......No one would.

Segregating the poor and minority's?  No, the smart one's, that want to make something of themselfs leave. All thats left is the thugs, freeloaders, and bum's..

I don’t understand the problems in Detroit, AKA Motor City.  Didn’t Obama kill OBL and save GM??

The problems aren’t racism—the problems are democrat controlled city governments

So Every White person who saw the writing on the wall and moved away, is racist and the cause of Detroits problems. Nobody left to blame i guess.

Cant have it both ways, if you want to have a voice-don't mismanage what you have and force others to do it for you. Plus if the local government is black......whats the issue?Another thing that the Democrats are always harping about:Two points about Ceo's pay inequalityNumber one-: Just because they have pay inequality -does not mean that the Government should do the same to it's citizensNumber two: My taxes are not what is paying the Ceo's salary but my taxes do pay for the inequality of Uncle Sam

Their just upset that there isn't any store left to rob..

The reason for these cities being heavily minority is entirely the fault of the Democrat party from the Federal to local level.  The "Great Society" housing and welfare programs concentrated black poverty in the inner cities, probably because Democrats know that its good to have a large chunk of your constituency dependent on you and coming to you every election cycle with their hats in their hands and thier votes in their hats.  This concentration of poverty of course bred crime which drove those who could flee, mostly whites, to do just that.  This, of course, further increased poverty and crime which just drove the cycle to what we now see.  Exacerbating this problem is the Democrats' complete refusal to promote welfare reform, school choice, eliminating the minimum wage or any other policy that might give these poor minorities a chance to get off the dole and become productive citizens.

They are who they are.  Stop blaming others for it.

Grow the city? who the heck would want to move there ?

With "racism" ever their default position ghetto dwellers never have to look at their own failings. Ilegitimacy, drug abuse, idolizing pimps and drug dealers, while reveling in the squalor of their own making is blamed on the "racist" actions of someone else. Tired of it.

"Detroit's population of over 700,000 is nearly 83 percent black"  I guess we all know what the problem is....

If Detroit is 83% black, and harrisburg is 52% Black, then Black is a MAJORITY in those cities.  Give up that minority status, perks and attitude.  You OWN Detroit.  Fix it.  Stop blaming the White minority.

It  is always racist and always someone else fault, when is the Americans of african descent going to stand up and say we don't need your liberal #$%$ to keep telling us that we can't because whitey is always picking on us and stand up and say enough of the thugs.

THEY segregate THEMSELVES. Tough for them, their fault.If the blacks stopped hating the white man things might be different.

I believe this 100%.  White flight and the auto put Detroit into the condition it is in now.  There has been a lot of bad Black leadership, too, however.

Why doesn't the article mention crime rates ? Hmmmm.....

"Local governments tend to "isolate the poor, including many minorities, in defined political subdivisions where they receive substandard education, substandard services and substandard opportunities,"typical BS!!!Detroit was a beautiful city until the massive migration of blaks from the south began in the 1940's (aka the blak plague) The fact is blaks isolate themselves due to their asocial/sociopath nature. blaks are not isolated, it's just that people flee from them, fearing for their safety. blak schools don't start out substandard, blaks destroy schools and create a hostile environment for teachers, so they end up substandard.Look at how blaks live in africa, that should give you a clue as to how they will live here.  It's time to stop blaming society and to start blaming blaks for their abject failure as a race of people.

Why no mention of Philly,Chicago, and L.A.

It's white people's fault that black people can't run a city?

Here's the solution: A one time payment of $1000 per I.Q. point below 100 for voluntary sterilization. Problem solved.

Steal and loot decent people, then blain on racism. Nothing to steal then kill each other. No moral fiber in the culture that is left. Government doesn't help with handouts.

Hello! The reason so many minority's have flocked to city's like Detroit, Harrisburg and others is because of the services they provide; lots of subsidized housing, free day care etc,etc. That should be no secret to anyone.

hahahah, what does racism have to do with failing democrat policies?Cities who exceed the tipping point, do so at their own risk.

Don't blame it on racism. It's the fault of people running the city and the people who put them in there.

"Local governments tend to "isolate the poor," ? really? That's like blaming all the students in class for the school bully's lack of friends

What BS.  Every time you give the Blacks a majority in a community - so that they can not be discriminated against - they destroy the community.  So they move them into taxpayers communities on the theory that they will learn to imitate their betters and they end up destroying that community because people don't feel like having to carry a gun to get their newspaper in the morning.  You can not name one Black dominated Democratically controlled city in America that is solvent and safe in spite of billions in Federal benefits paid for by the taxpayers who work.

Want to see the future of "Brown America"? Just look at Mexico and Africa. If you are white...when you get home tonight...apologize to your children.

I guess the corruption had nothing to do with it!!

Nobody isolated anyone, people simply left because it was no longer safe for them to stay.   If anything, one group was forced out by the violence of the other.

What a load of liberal hogwash!

YAWN *racism* YAWNGive it up already.

I don't think there is any way to comment on this without sounding raciest.Racism is most rampant in the mind of racists themselves. Education is what you make of it as a student. Separate students into two different classrooms, one for learning and one for daycare. They get all of the same services as everywhere else but they choose to disrespect the people providing the services so that's where it becomes substandard.

"Many of the core communities in Pennsylvania and around the country which are financially distressed have significantly more minority citizens than surrounding municipalities,"Could it be that they are financially distressed BECAUSE they have more minority citizens?I know it is not "politically correct" to say so and do not bother myself about political correctness, but the vast majority of blacks and hispanics (certainly not all) I have encountered over the years seriously denigrate education, long term thinking, a consistent work ethic and fiscal responsibility. Few emphasis education or productive work. Most have welfare and entitlement mentalities.Could it be that giving people welfare encourages those attitudes? Could it be that it is those attitudes that lead liberal social workers to encourage entitlements and welfare?Could the whole mess have been prevented?

W tried to integrate the schools and neighborhoods and give blacks more opportunities..the result was white flight, leaving the urban cores with higher taxes and an unsustainable future. It is surprising that cities lie Detroit made it this long. Top down government social engineering does not really work. It backfires and the results speak for themselves. I am not saying that minorities should not have the same opportunities or should not be able to go to the same schools, I am saying that trying to force whites into some government plan for the purposes of equity simply has failed.

Stop welfare, and public housing. Detroit will be solvent inside a decade. When you pay people to sit back, have babies, do drugs, and put forth no effort to improvr their position by honest labor, you get Detroit. Broke!

The simple solution is to stop paying the minorities to have children in the realm for them to believe they will be taken care of by the government...in all reality, it is just another form of entrapment from which they have little hope of escape......poverty, generation after generation after generation.

Its always about race and never the real problem, laziness.

Blacks in charge equal destruction anywhere on the planet.

Can't possibly be over spending on social programs that don't help the people they are supposed to.  It has to be racism.....this #$%$ is getting old.

I fail to see the "racism" in this. Aren't most of Detroit's politicians and mayor Black? and aren't most of the people in it Black? doesn't that make it a majority black city run by blacks? where's the racism in this story?  How is it the fault of Caucasians, Hispanics and Asians if a Black majority city run by majority Blacks is no longer prosperous? The first Black town in the U.S., I believe is Eaton-ville in Florida and that town has also failed to prosper even though it is run by Blacks and the majority of people who live there are also overwhelming Black.  Maybe this is a cultural problem not a racist one. Bill Cosby was criticized for pointing this out.

Whites and Asians build things.The other races... Not so much.Not difficult to see a pattern........

What is going on in Detroit is not the white man and woman's fault.It is the progressive liberals taxing thew citizens out of town.Want liberty? Go to Texas where they know how to kick it up and enjoy life without taxing the people to poverty.

Well the Shake the Baby Card blew up in their face last week, so now were back to that Racism Card...Again..

Blaming Racism...the last refuge of the modern day democrat!!!

Ohioan's are so worried about them migrating, were putting up a wall and check point Charlie at our northern border..

That half a century of black control has destroyed the city of Detroit.  Face it, blacks and whites are different.  They have different culture, heritage customs, language, goals, work habits, morals, behavioral respects and will never live together in harmony.  Blacks are always moving into all white neighborhoods like outside Detroit but you NEVER see white people moving into a Detroit neighborhood, maybe downtown, but not in a neighborhood.  When white people were in charge, the city was fine, brand named stores, large movie theaters, Boblo Island, other amusement parks, plenty of jobs and then welfare increased and blacks took over the city and like they say, the rest is history.  The hell of it is, they, the blacks, will never admit it, but history shows the truth.  Just look at any major black city, it's the same.  Two weeks ago, I drove into Detroit to the NW neighborhood I used to live in to see the old house and as I am driving on W. Chicago near Meyers, someone yelled out, "What's you doing in my hood, and there is the attitude and it is typical.  Governor Snyder, I hope you read this because there is nothing legally that will fix Detroit.  50 years of pouring money into that city has only developed more KK's.

Put a fence up around it with a locked gate. Keep evil whitey out.

Just MAYBE it might be because the RESIDENTS voted for the WRONG people to lead their city? If it becomes racial, it is because of predominent ATTITUDES of the residents. If you blame OTHERS, you are doomed to be a FAILURE! Even our President hasn't gotten that TRUTH down yet!

Sigh......it's always somebody else's fault.  The new schoolyard taunt... "My daddy's a bigger victim than you're daddy".

So, how does race play into fiscal irresponsibilty?....and what are the common variables in these factors? If you are going into a business,making a loan (which you sign your name to), it might behove you to have an attorney look at it.There is no excuse as to why a city(full of attorneys) cannot understand the agreements they go into.Even Jed Clampett had enough since to know that he had to Move to Cali!What is the fascination in waiting in poverty for the government to bring food to your table??

This does not explain why a population lets a community go into a tail spin, morally, ethically, and aestetically.

In Chicago the #$%$ers do not want "work"....they want to #$%$.  Apparently their income is tax free.

Sounds like Bill Clinton should get on his high horse and demand that these 'po black folk get home loans with ZERO MONEY DOWN ....OH WAIT----He did that already and the housing bubble burst  due to his policies and ACORN'S SCORN AND SHAME TO BANKS TO GIVE OUT LOANS. This "news" article makes me want to puke. What about all the WEST VIRGINIA WHITE TRASH "MINORITIES"?

hardcore pawn tells me all i need to know about Detroit

Detroit is sooooooooooo RACIST .. they would vote for and reelect  the X now Felon mayor who was just convicted on 34 charges-counts &amp; has destroyed Detroit,  because he's BLACK ...

Racisim??? Both of the governments in these cities consist of mostly black officials...LOL! They are both liberal cities, infested with liberal policies, and are getting the results of these liberal policies - BANKRUPTCY. Spending more then you bring in might be fun, but doesn't end well.

My God their not only going to take our guns and tell us what to eat now they are going to tell us where to live.There are to many people who work and pay taxes in this city,we are going to have to move some of you so every city is the same.Sounds like socialism to me,oh wait that's what obutthead and the left wants.

What other excuses do you have ?

When taxpayers move out....you get these results! See Camden,NJ - Newark, NJ any big liberal Dem city is suffering from the same pressures. Keep raising taxes(stealing $) to support others and we will keep moving into areas that share our convictions . After all it is the american way!Detroit....Haiti....South Africa....Harrisburg.....East Africa....West Africa...Central Africa....anywhere where moolies rule it is the same story. The area goes down the toilet and YT gets blamed. No one should forget blacks sold blacks into slavery. Worst purchase ever.

Detroit was once not 83% black. That was before the racist regime of Coleman Young ran Detroit intot he ground. Young remained as mayor for a record five terms, becoming the a longest-serving mayor in city history. During his tenure, Young was also  the vice chairman of the Democratic National Committee from 1977 to 1981 and chair of the Democratic National Convention Platform Committee in 1980. He also led the United States Conference of Mayors and the National Conference of Democratic Mayors. The only reason he didn't run for a sixth term was due to personal illness. But by that time the job of killing Detroit was  done.Young espoused "Black Power" putting the hands of government into the hands of black people. He succeeded. Blacks had the political power but caused White flight thus destroying the economic tax base of Detroit. Now Detroit had to rely on state subsidies or federal hand outs.What Young did was use racism to destroy the city of Detroit yet saying that is forbidden in our politically correct Obama universe.

Harrisburg's city council is predominantly black. They are "in-charge" so what's he trying to point out? Whits try to avoid downtown Harrisburg because of the crime at night. Hmmm, Detroit's city council is mainly minority also, isn't it?

As long as cities continue to provide free and low income housing, projects, welfare, WIC programs for people who continue to produce illegitimate children because being married would cut their payments, free cell phones and free medical, you will continue to develop, create, maintain 'dependents' or really "pets" for these people cannot function on their own thanks to our looney liberals who continue to demand these leeches be given more and more!Why are all the low income subsidized housing areas in every state always consisting of the same people? It's almost true when people start ranting about how the government wants to keep these people in this position so they will always be dependent on the government and keep the people who will take care of them in office!

See? See what liberals try to do? Detroit is 83% black, and the city government is ENTIRELY black, yet the financial troubles of the city are white peoples' fault.

There are white folks still living in Detroit??...how stupid are they???

Only when Liberals admit that taxing the citizens to poverty is a problem will they be able to solve the problem.12 step program start with admitting you have a problem

In other words no tax base for these cities.

This is Obama's vision for America, every city being more reflextive of a Kenyan Village

Is this the only picture of the Democrat's Plantation, and these people think LBJ did them a solid..Fooled again..It is the goal of the Democratic Party to turn the entire U.S. into one gigantic version of Detroit / Harrisburg ...

The ebony effect.  Blacks destroy whatever they touch.

Again with the We can't do it without someone giving us all money and doing all for us.  When they can't do on their own it's always racist,  it's racist to be against illegals, muslim terrorists or anything else the liberals think period.

Substandard ???? well it wasnt from a lack of monies thrown at these holes

"Local governments tend to "isolate the poor, including many minorities"  governments don't isolate them. They are given housing, given food, given medical, given cell phones for christ's sake yet they keep blaming whitey for holdin dem back.   #$%$?

Give all of them $50 bucks and drop them off in Africa. Its what Abraham Lincoln wanted.

I bet it has more to do with women having babies out of wedlock than skin color.

I bet Ben Carson's mom would disagree.

The social engineering of the 60’s and 70’s is coming to fruition.  When well-meaning government intervention goes wrong, the only thing left is to scream racism.

You know out west, there several old Ghost Towns!!Meet Detroit and Harrisburg! 21st Century Ghost Towns.There is nothing wrong with it.Have you ever seen the Upper Peninsula?Or Charlotte??That Right, other than the Inner Cities, Michigan and Pennsylvania are mostly White People.But down here in North Carolina, Black Families got Reparations. They got 40 acres and a mule. Many Black families own property and live in the country. Your ancestors did too, but moved to the North, where for over a century no Blacks live in the country and most lived in older ran down neighborhoods, working non OSHA, Non EPA Factory work at a lesser wage. Some Unions didn't allow Black members. In other words, nothing sucks as much as the North! The North didn't want the former slaves in their neighborhoods.Picking cotton And Cropping Tobacco, Fishing and Hunting working part time seasonal work is a much better life than what the North Had to offer.Could it be..., just maybe..., that it's the way they conduct business rather than racism that's the cause of the problem?

Who wants to live next to violent crime and uneducated neighbors. That is why people move to outlying areas.

If a City is 80% Black, how in the Hell can that they be labeled minorities?....The Whites remaining are the freaking minority..

If the pavement rats wouldnt keep electing libscum who want to keep them on the plantation and dependent on the local government thieves, maybe things would be different. When the blacks want things better, they will vote out the democratic parasites that feed off of them.

How do expect slaves to write a check? Need Whitey to do everything for them!

Gee, I read an article just the other day that "white" folks are becoming the minority.  Therefore, latinos, blacks ( exclude the Asians because they find good jobs)are the majority, and soon America will be a third world country!

Until the poor black man or poor white man who is dependent on the government for a handout learns that the handout itself is a trap- will they be able to rise up and free their self from the trap.

Exactly who segregated the minorities and the poor people?Did the liberal city government decide to award tax free housing development grants to 501 c3's? Di the liberal democrats eagerly employ grant writers to solicit these tax dollars?it seems to me that the liberals are the racist that this article alludes to.They are racist because they have used the government to basically defing who and where these people live.The machine is broken and no amount of taxation or redistributing the taxes produced by the machine will fix a structural defect.it is only when we allow freedom from government tyranny to be the norm will the norm changeshame on you liberal racist for harming the very community you so ignorantly tried to help.

Detroit would do well to do exactly what Puerto Rico did and then the turn around begins.

What a bunch of guano.  Cities do not herd poor people and minorities into certain, substandard parts of the city.  The minorities and poor drive those that aren't, out.I'm happy to see all these "racist" comments.  A few years back they were considered too "racist", now everyone is seeing the lunacy the black population and the bias of the media.

When you burn and loot your own neighbors..Its not racism, its ignorance..60+ years and $Trillions latter of free housing, food, college. And look what the majority blacks done with that gift..Send Dr. Ben Carson in there, he grew up in poverty, look where he's at today. And when you get his college assistants from his program, you earn it. No free rides.

Yet, tonight on Detroit's channel 7 Facebook page .. the ignorant BLACK'S of Detroit defended and screamed Racism regarding former mayor, now convicted Felon ( 24 charges) with #$%$ comments like .. " Whitey hates Kwamme (X-Mayor)"..... " if he had been WHITE, he wouldn't be going to jail"  ... "Whites from the suburbs are racist"   If you don't live in Detroit, don comment"  "You, Lily whites make me puke" etc ....  WHO'S THE RACIST?

Articles like this fail to say that the lazy lifetime welfare rats think they should have what the working people have and live among us.  Its like cancer what they do to a neighborhood. You must be on crack if you can't see REALITY.

Of course it is.  NOT.  Reuters- Obama's TOOL.

Greed and overspending, similar to what Obama is doing now, spending money we don't have and seemingly not caring one way or the other. He knows not what a budget is, admitted it.

What about the poor in Chinatown?

People choose to live insegrated communites either by race, religion, cultural or occupational standards they impose upon themselves.  In this free mobile society there is no reason other than choice to remain for people to segragate themselves along their personal biasis.

Minorities are 10 times as racist as whites. They're the real racists in our society. Blacks rape 36,500 white women per year on average (FBI statistics). Since only 1/3 of all rapes are ever reported, that number is probably triple. These are racist hate crimes as the victims are targeted because of their race. Blacks commonly rape elderly white women (60 and up) in racial attacks. I've read many stories of blacks raping 80 year-old and up white women. These are racist attacks and hate crimes but aren't counted as such. White people, wake the F up!Do a search of "whitecivilrights" and "realjewnews."

Segregation of minorities and poor people? SORRY. Doesn't fly.If someone can't afford to live in a location, that's not racism. That's fiscal reality.So you're saying someone who works at McDonald's should be allowed to live in Beverly Hills, or Grosse Point Farms, or Rancho Palos Verdes? NO CAN DO.David Unkovic, you can't be taken seriously.If someone like you was in a position of leadership in Harrisburg, PA, can understand why a problem exists.Meanwhile, communities coast to coast are being ruined by the introduction of "low-income housing" and the undesirables who live there, probably on taxpayer expense.Why is it that black people always have to blame someone else.  Racism??  What a crock!! There are more black racist than any other people.  And they could not manage their way out of a paper bag, then blame it on racism.

The drugs and gangs are not the problem after all, It's the racist.

Oh stop...Blacks are ALWAYS victims huh....

Blacks will never get ahead as long as they are chained to the democrat plantation

The rampent racism is in the black community, and helped out by the MSM's constaint race baiting...Holder's civil rights division has standing orders not to investigate Black on White hate crimes, Arab hate crimes, towards their wifes, daughters or Ft. Hood victims...

So when a city with a overwhelming number of blacks goes bankrupt its racism?

Urban thugs run off those that afford to leave BOTH white and black and you are left with the urban poor and 4th generation gimme class... the democrats keep the gimme class intact to stay in office..

How can anyone claim racism is the cause for self-inflicted lack of morals,ethics and a culture of predatory self-destruction?  Not even wealthyblacks wan't to live with their own kind who exhibit these behaviors.

People live in an area, they can afford, city gov. has nothing to do with it. We tried large housing projects in city centers and what was and still is the result? The author seems to want to blame city financial failures on racism alone. Stupid !?

ALL Americans should go to Detroit and spend a day walking the streets, if you have the courage, and you will soon see what Unionist socialism brings to the land of wealth redistribution and decline. Walk through the great old Art Deco Trains Stations and Public Buildings built by the Fraternal giants of Anglo Saxon wealth creators, now crumbling in the midst of the new matriarchal African American dependency class of wealth consumers and free lunch Looney’s who now have to resort to first black hailing, then blackmailing the very administration that they put into power with their bribed racially biased votes. Go to Detroit on Halloween and watch as the fools burn down the very city and buildings about their own ears and witness what the new-age Socialist Gods have to offer the rest of a future “Soilant Green” America where men feed upon each other and feed upon their own flesh. This is what you fools have voted into power over you all in the name of faux political correctness and a faux racial equality mindset that still has yet to produce equal results either in the redistribution of American wealth or the redistribution of American leadership, where the unequal taxation and rape of the successful working class continues not only on a national, but now an INTERNATIONAL scale, lead by a newly enslaved and Socialist Captured American nation that no longer stands between mankind and the darkness. This is the city of self-hate, and hate of others who have managed to flee, and leave these losers to their own devices of self destruction that is reflected in the very homes and buildings wherein they reside, ,,,just a reflection of the hate that dwells within the very hearts of the people who have given up on themselves and surrendered to the socialist entitlement mentality of self-hate, self loathing always followed by self-destruction, soon to be followed by destruction of a nation.Detroit is an example of what 'minorities' do to their own people when they are in control, all with the blessings of the Democrat party.  Is this also Bush's fault?  Or are the blacks who have been in charge of the city of Detroit undercover Republicans who were sent there to ruin the city?  (Sarcasm)

How come everytime some nappyheaded african fails at life it's the white guys fault?

Looks like wear blacks govern them self's they destroy it.That should tell everyone something about them when they rob from their own.

what a bunch of BS!  let's blame racism for everything

What seems to have happened is with Detriot being the most liberal city in America, the working class moved away from the high tax areas leaving behind the recipients of the liberal redistribution mindset. This made the outflow of government monies greatly outpace the income from taxes. The city government pushed the jobs and workers away. A good look at where America is headed if congress can't stop doing the same thing. And it is not a racial situation as the Mayors and city managers who oversaw the downfall were mostly minorities.

Ever visit Detroit?  Looks like the set on  The Walking Dead

Economic segregation have always been the problem.  Concentrations of poor whites is not a politicians gold mine the way a ghetto full of blacks is.  The liberals have made millions off of poor blacks.  And it continues with the Demokrauts touting the same #$%$ they have for generations.  Remember these large cities have been totally controlled by liberal demokrauts for decades, have spent a fortune pocketing millions and getting away with it.Obama like the rest of the corrupt politicians are just common criminals with uncommon power.

Both of them major union towns. Unions kill jobs.

The solution is for minorities to stop voting for Democrats.  They're the ones running these cities.  It's the only way for them to improve their lot in life.

"Local governments tend to "isolate the poor, including many minorities, in defined political subdivisions where they receive substandard education, substandard services and substandard opportunities," he said."The 'local governments' in every major urban city are just about 100% Democrat-run.  The logical conclusion is that Democrats are racist.  I've always suspected that but this study proves it.for some people its always someone elses fault

Just tell it like it is. They've done it to every place they go. Look at their own continent for example.These people have always been their own worst enemy since the beginning of time. It shows in every example,whether rich or poor,they are screwups. Look at all the famous wealthy blacks,they all blow it. Name one that hasn't. Oprah is the only one I can think of that hasn't totally blown it.

It's not the color of the people's skin that's the problem.  It's the O/Dem/Lib "plantation" mentality that is in place in these cities.  The common denominator is Democrat rule that give's just enough food and shelter, limited education, and enough fear to keep them on the plantation, requiring just one task of the slaves;  pull the "D" lever during every election.

Yes it has nothing to do with Blacks ruining every city where their percentage of the population exceeds their percentage nationally.  As soon as Blacks exceed 50% the balance of Non-Blacks realize it's time to bail.  Detroit is the perfect example of this.  However, yes, let us perpetuate the myth that it's someone else's fault.

It seems to be that anywhere enough minorities get together is swimming in debt. Are minorities the cause? Do they not pull their own weight? Detroit, CA, everywhere minorities are the majority has high crime, high debt, etc. Seems to me that instead of crying racism, the problem is to fix your race.

What investor, whether he is black, yellow, brown, or white is going to open a business in a place that has the track record that detroit has? Close up at night and go home wondering if you were going to have a business left by morning, not to mention IF you happened to make it out of the parking lot to make the nightly deposit.Sorry, but they have no one else to blame but themselves.

They didn't even work out in Liberia ...its an entire nation of failure ..it doesn't matter what town ,city, nation or continent

Interesting how I've never heard of the NBA or the NFL being racist - against whites!

The same thing is happening to california right now due once more to higher taxes forcing people to leave.Good luck Democrats - you are going to need it

What did you think would happen when segregation was ended at bayonet point?  If you can't legally segregate, you have to do it financially....Try to name a majority Black/Arab city that hasn't turned into a sewer..Not Racist, Just Facts

what a bunch of do-do..........the people are what make a city or town what it is.  if you dont care what your city looks like, gather people and clean it up.  same with gangs.  it doesnt take money to take care of where you live.  read lawrence's comment below,  he hits it right on the head............

detroit situation is a little different. school bussing in the 1970's ,a racist black mayor,colman young, and 40 years of  gross city mismanagement of the schools the fire and police services .. The bussing destroyed the stable working class  neighborhoods of detroit , middle class people won,t let their  children go to school with trash. the rich can could  afford to go to private schools the middle class in detroit ,both black and white voted with there feet and moved into the suburbs .

Oh for crying out loud.  Blacks can't take responsibility for anything.  It is always whitey keeping them down.

Racism????  Gee, let's see.....Why would I want to live with ignorant, loud, violent neighbors or send my kids to failing schools full of envious, lazy thugs ???

People will always seek out locations to live according to their economic level. A family (whether black, white ,brown) that is college educated, making a combined $150,000 a year or more will NOT seek living next to a poor, uneducated  family , in a rundown ,crime ridden, neighborhood.The government has been trying to force this social engineering on us for years.

I guess black people do not know how to take care of themselves and it is white peoples fault? I guess I'm racist because I don't understand this?

What is this?  You mean somewhere there are blacks that aren't pampered and given the red carpet treatment?  Obama is slacking again, surely he'll find some white people that have earned their money and continue his "fundamental change in America where redistribution of wealth is essential".

If you can't confuse them with facts...baffle them with (B) (S)

"Basically the jist of the story is" --- a community with a large percentage of blacks -- is pretty much doomed --- there is a strange theory going around -- it works like this -- "if you sit on your rear end every day -- do nothing more than fornicate and ceate more government dependant individuals -- the area around you is going to "start declining" --- may Allah be blessed!!!What a load of rubbish. Untrue from start to finish

Blacks as a race confirm almost daily that they're simply not capable of handling responsibility and unable to govern themselves. Personally I'm all in favor of repatriation back to Africa.

They insist on self segregating into the "black community" and then whine about what others don't do for them. It's time to step up and fix your own problems. I don't owe you #$%$.

Sounds like cities run by blacks are incapable of making sound decisions for themselves.  They fall for predatory loans and "scoop and toss" tactics, what ever that means.  No point in taking responsibility for the decisions they made.  These are the leaders the people of those cities elected and they are reaping it.

Minorities segregate themselves.  If you watch the breakrooms and cafeterias at work, minorities group.  I sit alone and welcome anyone who wants to sit with me.  Very seldom will other races join me.  I could not possibly care any less about the color of a person's skin....

Here's the real truth about the distressed cities,towns, and thewhole USA! Our politicians sold us out, starting in the 60's! They found they could make more money for their pockets by taking bribes from Japan, and China on allowing them to flood the USA with imports,and moving businesses to Japan and China! Thus we went from the greatest Industry country in the world to one of servatude! All this as they became richer, and the working people became poorer because of lack of employment! Then Unions started demanding more from those Industries that remained, thus they moved out! The only way to gain this back, is to stop all imports!  The reason for the minority (high) population in the big cities,towns is that they set up drug factories in the low price areas of town, sell them to the uptown people and then, once they are hooked, the police who themselves along with politicians start making extra money and have all the prostitutes they want for free!

Detroit, America's most distressed big city, may have some problems in common with Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, a much smaller city that has also struggled under a heavy debt load, Harrisburg's former receiver said on Monday.Detroit's population of over 700,000 is nearly 83 percent black. The population of Harrisburg, the capital of Pennsylvania, at nearly 50,000 is about 52 percent black.There's your problem. Do the math.

"I do believe Detroit is very fixable," he said.By way of the bulldozer.

When taxpayers move out....you get these results! See Camden,NJ - Newark, NJ any big liberal Dem city is suffering from the same pressures. Keep raising taxes(stealing $) to support others and we will keep moving into areas that share our  convictions . After all it is the american way!

When taxpayers move out....you get these results! See Camden,NJ - Newark, NJ any big liberal Dem city is suffering from the same pressures. Keep raising taxes(stealing $) to support others and we will keep moving into areas that share our  convictions . After all it is the american way!Detroit's problems were created by decades of unfettered Liberalism.

Detroit, Harrisburg, Somalia, Zimbabwe, ... see a pattern here. Entitlement based societies do self destruct.

Mayor Coleman Young (black) told the white people to get out of Detroit.  They did!!!  Now, live with it!

Sadly, 90% of the BLACK POPULATION are the 'WOE IS ME, I AM BLACK" idiots that still think that WHITES **TODAY** enslaved their lazy as$e s and the BLACKS **TODAY** still think they were somehow enslaved....PATHETIC!!!  Us WHITES and other NON WHINY ETHNIC GROUPS are about sick and tired of the 90% of you BLACK PEOPLE ONLY.....Using your skin color as an excuse!!!   IT'S GETTING OLD!!!!!!How many times do we have to see your BLACK RACE on TV whining and crying about your skin color?  DON'T YOU BLACKS KNOW THAT IS WHY WE (US WHITES AND OTHER NON-WHINY ETHNIC GROUPS) DESPISE YOUR RACE SO MUCH???!!!!!!!!!!GET A CLUE!

If you would take the time to read the article correctly, it's not the race of the population that causes the problem, it's having too many Democrats living together.

So what's the point of this stupid article.....I live in city that's 80% white so is this racism? ....the problem with all this ridiculous  reporting is that the majority of people are so fed up with this "race bullS%^&amp;" that there's no creditably in any of these stories

Why don't you come out a say it is the White Man fault you did not go to school and you run the streets and got lock up  what bull S)h(it.

If they asked for a job at the corner store, instead of the contents of the register and the safe, they might have more respect for their own community and not want to see it become a cess pool of crime. If their job was as an EMT instead of being the guy who gives the EMT gunshot victims to work on, the city might be a bit different.

Sorry, but its not racism, its an way of life.  ' how can I get something for nothing' way of life...WHAT? I HAVE TO WORK? Why? Illl get a gun and take it orrrr get into politics and scam it.... No people make choices and play roulette with their lives, then blame the working person because they don't get more food stamp allowances...

and they keep voting for the same dopes over and over again. bet most don't even know who Dr. Carson isWhy is everything that goes wrong in this country the direct result of whites? White flight? Why do blacks need whites to be successful? If a city is segregated, why is the white side successful, while the black is not? Doesn't the lack of success at some point fall on the black communities? Can't they create safe, successful, desirable communities?

According to the media, all problems in America have the root cause of racism.

How many predominently black cities have you heard of that really try to improve themselves? Always expecting a handout is not a motivation. Assisting inter-cities to improve their status would be more benifical to all involved....and give these communities something to be proud of. Get these community leaders to do more than go to Washington with their hand out and have no plan for the future.

and Detroit voted overwhelmingly for Obama...go figure..wonder what percentage of Detroit population gets a goverment check of one kind or another.

I think it was  Jesse Jackson that said ''We've had our freedom for 40 yrs, What have we done with it?'' The answer is pretty much nothing

the poor tend to isolate themselves.

Ever heard of white flight? Its not new.

Easy resolve. Get an education and to the fathers, step up to your responsibilties. You can't let grandma or auntie raise what you brought into this world. They need a father figure. No brainer. Also, gee, 83% black. wonder why Detroit is sh@t? Reread what I just posted.

When all else fails trot out the old tired Race Card. Nice try libs but your ship has sailed.

Blacks have higher poverty rates due to their dependence on government.  Get off the food stamps and SSI, quit sleeping around having kids you cannot afford and get a damn job.The city government of Detroit was infected with liberalism and they ran up debt on top of debt and taxed the citizens to the point of flight and then they were left with a paper tiger

Detroit = Decayed, Democrat,  Black empowered DUMP had a BLACK mayor who is a convicted Felon .... = what America will Look like-be.  If the Black RACIST Socialist Muslim, Obama and his fellow democrats are not stopped.

"governments tend to 'isolate the poor, including many minorities...'" Oh #$%$ Typical liberals trying to make excuses and blame others for the failings of the blacks. These cities are like that because of the people who run them into the ground and milk the systems dry. It's not anyone elses fault and it is in no way, the "white man's" fault. The anti-white racism and infantile "blame game" garbage in this country is way out of hand. When need to get some chemotherapy on this liberalism cancer or just cut it out, immediately.

Blame the white man again.  When are they going to accept the facts that some things are their own fault.

Who's running those cities?The party that says they care about minorities-Democrats.

Meanwhile in DC, democrats are trying to keep Walmart and other big box stores out of minority neighborhoods because they are not union.

Could both cities by any chance be governed by Democrats????

Everything n*e*g*r*o*s touch turns to c*h*it! They need stop blaming white people for their inability to manage anything. n*e*g*r*os are their own worst enemy, not white people, but try convincing them of that fact.

for some resason when a bunch of black people live together it doesnt work out.

Maybe the author should just accept the fact that blacks create ghettos.  Black liberal Democrats lock blacks into ghettos and make them slaves to their welfare checks.  They are assured of a large block of black voters voting exclusively for liberal Democrats.It's racist not to blame the 17% white population for Detroits problems the Kongressional blacK Kaucus (K3) and Al Sharpton agree, it's all George Bush's or the Tea Party's fault.

"the state of Michigan now running the finances of Detroit and five other cities..."That's because Detroit can't run their own finances.  And that's because they're corrupt to the core.

When taxpayers move out....you get these results! See Camden,NJ - Newark, NJ any big liberal Dem city is suffering from the same pressures. Keep raising taxes(stealing $) to support others and we will keep moving into areas that share our  convictions . After all it is the american way!

Thank the unions for closing down, bankrupting companies or forcing them to move to another state or country.

many parallels to the rhodesia / zimbabwe story

I hope all those Black folks up yonder don't read about how good Texas is . Gov. Perry reallydid them a favor saving their butts from New Orleans  The chocolate city With a Dem Mayorand a Dem Gov. during Katrina. Most are either still on our welfare rolls or in our jails . This also applies to liberals .WELCOME TO TEXAS ! NOW , GIT !

This is #$%$!!!  Poor people live where they can afford, if they want to live a better life they get jobs and then can move to better neighborhoods.  But if you are content to sit on your #$%$ and collect welfare you stay in poverty.  This is the minorities fault not anyone elses.  I was poor, lived in #$%$ neighborhoods as I grew up.   Yes, I did get a #$%$ education at the schools I went to, but I still manged to leave that life behind.

Ah, the spins the state-run media keeps spewing out.  Time and time again, the liberal defenders of government power have attacked any call for reform as a plot by the wealthy. Even now New York Times editorialists pound their keys about the “Concentration of Wealth”, invoking presidents from Andrew Jackson to Theodore Roosevelt. But in our America, the “Concentration of Wealth” is not found in the hands of a few billionaires. It is found in the hands of the government.

Black peepos done be rashist.  Dat be ony da White fokes!  Dey donelack Black fokes 'cause da culluh to are skinz!  White fokes got it allan we'n at duh bottum got nut'n.  Wite fokes be hatin' on us!

Boy I'm glad they figured that out. I was worried they would blame the 50 year social experiment again.Hmm. high quantities of blacks. high quantities of blacks with low education. high quantities of blacks looking for handouts. high quantity of blacks in office. high quantities of blacks in office taking bribes. seems to be a consensus here. Split them up, move them into white liberal neighborhoods in Chicago. See if that will solve several problems. (change liberals to conservatives, move crime scenes from low income to high income areas) win/win

I don't believe the local governments segregate people as much as the cost of housing. People go where they can afford the rent. I live near Harrisburg and Second Street used to be really nice. But I stay out of Harrisburg now because of all the crime.

"Local governments tend to isolate the poor, including many minorities, in defined political subdivisions where they receive substandard education, substandard services and substandard opportunities," he said.Rubbish.There is so much $$$ being pumped on anti gang, after school, scholarship, grant and mentor programs.There is no NAAWP, majority scholarship grants or EEOC to take a stance on hiring the most qualified.Rubbish.

An all black city will always do worse than  an all white city in the civic and commercial spheres

It is certainly a racist country.  When are we gonna have a black president?  Oops...

I have an idea.  Let's give the poor minorities low or no money down, low interest loans to get them into their own homes and let them build up impoverished areas with businesses.  You know... lower the racist standards a bit.

The left, you know, the media, have learned that they don't have to form a cogent argument, they just need to make a claim of racism. You know, if you didn't vote for Obama, you are racist. However, if 95% of all of one race votes for one of their own, that apparently is not racism.

How is it white people's fault that black people can't run the cities they control? And what exactly are the "political and ethical crosswinds" that Unkovic faced? I'm sure those are also the fault of those nasty white people. I don't know anything about Harrisburg, but Detroit has been run by one group of incompetent and corrupt black people after another for decades.

in a city whose population and governence are black how can any resonable person honestly blame racism, only in the liberal media

Incompetent liberals trying to run something as complicated as a government institution city or federal will always deliver a negative return.. there are not enough tax paying workers to support the life style demanded by the low-life constituants. Racist?, I don't believe corruption has a racial distinction regardless of the fact that no primarily black run city or government has ever producted anything except a cesspool of criminalsI am so tired of these articles about racism!!! That's all yahoo knows!

OMG! so now debt is a racist thing? Could these reporters and politicians get any dumber?

Corruption is wide spread throughout all the cities of America.Look at yahoo.

Detroit is pretty much all black.  Who's left there to be a racist?

Man, some people really truly believe that it is the government’s responsibility to take care of them from birth to the grave. All these people mentioned are probably on unemployment as well. So not only are they getting housing at a ridiculously cheap price, they are getting paid to not work as well. But even that isn’t enough.The attitude of people amazes me more and more every day.

I was going to tell a black joke...but they stole it...

They'er living on the Democratic Plantation - welfare. Move out and get a job; try crop picking.

"WOLF!!! WOLF!!!"  "THE SKY IS FALLING!!!  THE SKY IS FALLING!!!"  "RACISM!!!!  RACISM!!!"

make me laugh! like they are being corralled by caballeros.

I once saw a black man with a job.When so many children (of ALL ethnicities) grow up in households with absent, deadbeat FATHERS (or, rather, selfish, immature mutts), what else do we expect?  Most single moms try their best, but those kids statistically add to the government welfare rolls when they become of age.

Black people don't produce for themselves. Living with Blacks isn't an option.  It is the death of us. Thats why we segregate.  Black people need to get a life.  I don't know about the others but I always  to live on the other side of town on purpose.  Having an economy based on White people handing over money isn't good long term.  Blacks and Latinos act clueless when they run out of White people.

Me too the Republicans in Michigan keep trying to get the kids vouchers to go to suburban schools and the Dems keep throwing money to keep them locked in Detroit.  ooops I guess that might be a form of racism if they won't let em out!!!!!

This article proves that there is no limit to how much a white person can hate himself.  Most whites, especially those that went to public school, have been brainwashed to believe that they are somehow responsible for the constant failures of black people.  Its amazing the twisted logic that self-loathing whites will craft in order to guilt themselves.

Integration ruined most big American cities.  Its the same story everywhere.

call an exterminator

Have blacks ever successfully governed themselves at any time?

The problem with blacks is that they have racism to fall back on so they never learn to improve

"Local governments tend to "isolate the poor, including many minorities"In urban areas where blacks are the majority how is this other races fault?

When taxpayers move out....you get these results! See Camden,NJ - Newark, NJ any big liberal Dem city is suffering from the same pressures. Keep raising taxes(stealing $) to support others and we will keep moving into areas that share our  convictions . After all it is the american way!Even Detroit's Black rich and famous know better enough to live ingated communities:  Martha Reeves, Aretha Franklin, Anita Baker,members of The Wynans (gospel singers), Michael Henderson...

Blacks are incapable of self government at a first world level.

David Unkovic, this idiot sure does know how to get to the root of the problem. Racism, my butt, How about living off the tax dollars and not paying your share.

AT the height of its prime, Detroit, the Motor City, aka MoTown, wasa beacon of light, and to some degree epitomized prosperity in America,especially among the burgeoning Black middle class.  Hmm, MoTown?Can you say, LessTown?

He's just trying to add "magic words" to his report.  That the poor are segregated may be true, but adding the "including many minorities", is just trying to make certain people pay more attention.  Throwing in Detroit is just more of the same.   Not many national figures are embarrassed about Harrisburg.   More are embarrassed about Detroit (and with more reason.)It is novel for him to blame the people who help the city bosses keep spending more money than they have, as if they were some sort of drug pusher to children who cannot understand all this high falutin' money stuff.   The city bosses are adults.  They knew what they were doing, they just didn't care about the consequences.

RACISM!!!.......yawn...

The finance industry pushed 'complex instruments' on any they perceived would not understand the implications of an economy that became stagnant or lost value - a certainty beginning in 2005. In return, America bent over to the financial  community, and will remain in that position

Democrats, still the same slave drivers.  Keep Black people dependenton the government; dependency = slavery.  The new dependency; welfare.The new segregation; public housing.  The new lynchings; abortions.The new slave grooming; public schools.  The new White-owned plantation;the Entertainment Industry -- (rap) music, television, movies, SPORTS, etc.The Democratic Motto:"Keep them dumb, distracted, and busy... and you keep them."

Oh so just because it's mostly black then they are discriminated against?  BS, that's justwhat it is.  The reason they are in such shape is the unions sold them out to foreigncompanies that stole all of our work.  ,The solutions is easy, go back arrest all the unionthugs, the politicians and such, the bring back the factories.

It must be baffling to the White House  that after 50 years of Democratic rule and the UAW's commitment to unionize everybody, Detroit is still not the progressive model of urban collective fairness. Shame on the people they're blaming.Excuses, excuses...the problem is that blacks just can't function without tearing up the city and sinking the finances.  This will never get solved as long as liberal bottom dwellers refuse to recognize the truth.  Calling the messenger a racist is just not going to work much longer.  Pretty soon we will all be sitting in the mud wondering what happened????  The answer is too many black people wanting free stuff.  Get used to truthing you Democraps.

How many excuses can they come up with? $14 BILLION and counting for Detroit, I think its reverse racism, take as much as you can from white America and then blame white America!

Why is it always "white" peoples fault ?

Local governments tend to "isolate the poor, including many minorities, in defined political subdivisions where they receive substandard education, substandard services and substandard opportunities," ……..ARE YOU SERIOUS….. It’s not my fault they tore down the inter cities and sold the scrap and now have no place to live. It’s not my fault they breed like rats and live 10 to a house, with three mothers, 7 fathers and pay no taxes. It’s not my fault the Real Estate tax is nothing because they tore the houses to pieces. They were once  mansions back in the day, they ran the good people out and turned it into the ghetto now. The bottom line is you live where you can afford to. Many of them live for free and now they want to live better for free. I think being a minority does not make you noble or victimized, and does not entitle you to anything. Get over it!

If they can't steal it, eat it or have intercourse with it...they destroy it. It's the same anywhere they become the majority.

When I was growing up the different neighborhoods were divided by ethnic groups and at their choosing, some still are.  The italians, the puerto ricans, polish, blacks lived in different sections of town.  Nearly every one of them lived in peace. (compared to the way it is today). What is this effort to mix it up if it is not the desire of the people? To constantly tell one group that they are being discriminated against for this reason causes unrest.(think Jackson, Sharpton, etc.)

Detroit is 83% black and Harrisburg is 52% black....how can one be segregated as the majority of the population? If one is poor, no matter their color, they live within their means...as tax payers are paying for the public housing, are we to move them into a high priced land area to support them more in the fashion that we work for? The poor have always lived in poorer areas...how does this make it racist?

Their own people sold them into slavery, and now their politicians are selling them down the river; but its whiteys fault

just goes to show thta blacks are bad politicians also.

.."..you can take the Bro out of the jungle, but you cant take the jungle out of the Bro.."..Obama proves that with every decision..I am so sick of hearing this racism garbage. I personally have seen black people given nice apartments to live in an destroy them.Most people do not want these people in there neighborhood. They bring crime drugs shooting and violence.I wonder how many black people want to help themselves when education is offered? Gangs rule theses areas so even with given help there is desperation.

"The 6-month-old black girl who was shot in Chicago and died, whose father has been arrested 30 times?  Whitey's fault."

So, both Detroit and Harrisburg have lots of blacks and are total failures.  Why can't we just be honest about what the problem is?  Always blaming things on the boogey man.

Obama gives them food stamps and they mistakenly think he cares about more then the fact they vote Democrat. Black unemployment increased under Obama's first term and they still votr overwhelmingly for the guy who vowed to raise gas prices to $8 a gallon.These ARE the Low Information Voters!

TOLD YA, WE SHOULD HAVE PICKED OUR OWN COTTON.

Racism is a much easier explanation than the truth….

Put a fence up around it.

Lbtrds love to yap about racism whenever Blacks aren't successful.  Yet, the Asian race has been very successful.  I guess it's a good thing that no one has mentioned the challenge of racism to Asians.

Blacks need to stop crying racism, and start working to change, to make themselves a better person and race and to help other people as well !!! There's more to life than basketball, football, and wellfare and sucking the life from others and the country you live in!!!

Unkovic is an attorney. I do not believe for one minute that he has the background nor anyone else who worked for him during his time as receiver has the background to make these statements. The 80+ percent of the population of Detroit is black and he is making some claim that majority black run cities or counties cannot be as profitable or breakeven as those run by whites or hispanics. The NAACP needs to investigate this guy for charges of racism.i have another theory: blacks and their incompetence are the cause. "nearly half of Michigan blacks have lost local political powers to the state" detroit has been incompetently managed by blacks, for blacks for quite some time by a number of illiterate bantus. just how are they segregated when the city is 90% black and they are running things?

When a lot of low class (bottom feeders of society) end up in one area, they elect the same people who are irresponsible and can't manage properly, and you end up with a bankrupt city. Productive people and industry gets out of such places, all the while those who remain cry racism.

You know the majority of us are fed up with this race #$%$. Shut the F$#K up already. Nobody believes or cares about your color. Im American Indian and i'm sick of the blacks crying everytime they dont get what they want. It's not the Mexican's or Asians or Europeans it's always the blacks, like those crooks in the jackson family.  Like a bunch of little babies. #$%$! Grow up get a #$%$ job and shut up!!! You just look and sound stupid when you continually complain about everything. Gimme, Gimme, Gimme, whoa is us!!!

NO chocolate city is fixable !  How long does it take a fool to figure that out?

and to think africa is such a wonderful place to , blacks and there parasite brothers the demosheets allways want to blame others for there misrable failures .

"Local govts tend to isolate the poor... and minorities". Oh puleeze! They isolate themselves, and then b!thch when the affluent crowd leaves town and the place goes in the crapper. Why can't any of these high minded idjits step up and admit it?!

I don't know why, but I am not aware of any Black-dominated Country, State or city that isn't a disaster... I guess the whole planet is racist ?

while the feds waste money on losers,the cream of the crop is neglected!!---for example,mixing high achievers with low!!--not good for either one!!

Blame...Blame...Blame....the quickest way to poverty in Detroit is the guy selling mirrors.  Nobody will look in one and say "I am part of the problem"  "Get rid of the City Clowncil"  They blew it on the Belle Isle offer and that is just a microcosim of the whole whole problem.  One mayor in jail and another one that should have been there 30 years ago.  He got the "Chocolate City" he wanted and OMG....they screwed it up.

I'm sorry but no one is holding anyone back.  It takes wanting to better yourself to stop being poor.  I know this since I grew up poor and refused to stay that way!You'd think all these smart, compassionate obama appointees would have made headway in these cities to make things more fair and less racist.  I guess they don't have enough tax revenue.

It's not Obama's fault, Bush did it.

When you look at Africa, what do you see? I see an entire continent, governed by N|66ERS, that is in a constant state of war, poverty, famine, crime, disease and chaos. Do you dispute this perception?When you look at Haiti, what do you see? I see an island nation governed by N|66ERS that is the poorest country on the planet, dominated by crime, poverty, rape, corruption and chaos. Do you dispute this perception?When you look at the urban areas of the US, what do you see? I see rats' nest-infested sh*tholes inhabited by N|66ERS - full of violence, drugs, murder, rape, gangs and mayhem. Do you dispute this perception?Can you please explain to me why N|66ERS account for only 14% of the total US population, yet perpetrate over 50% of the violent crime (including murder) in the country?Have you every truly wondered why every single place on earth inhabited by N|66ERS is in a state of chaos? I have concluded that it is because they are a barbarian race. The evidence is right there.

So what he is saying is that minorities are incapable of running things for themselves?  Or is he saying that minorities are far more likely to run governments into default?  Or both?  No, that can't be it, can it?  I mean Orange County CA went through bankruptcyback in the day, and it was exceedingly white at the time.  NYC too.  Or is the guy trying to play the race card to hide the magnitude of Harrisburg's problems and/or his own ineptitude?  No matter how you slice it, his "beliefs" will fertilize my plants most excellently.

Not  Racism just another writer don't know their A hole from the hole in the ground from some government grant taker like Hilary Russ.Using Race to write cheap article to try to pay back student loan. Thing is Detroit is not fixable due to in the 50 and 60's it had over 5 car manufactures in the city and two tire companies and about 2 million people unless there is a mass entry of jobs well that is it not happening...1. GM, 2. Ford, 3. Chrysler, 4. Studebaker,  5. A.M.C.   and Goodyear, Firestone. Not to include it had some giant steel mills and other supporting infrastructure. Gone before Mayor Rip off when people and jobs left city should have down size government.   Just call them as I see them with a bit of real History.

Racism.  Right.  If a community that is black can't get their #$%$ together and runs the city bankrupt it is, again, the white man's fault.  "Taking away the voice".  Sure.  Watch a video of the Detroit city council meetings and tell me it is whitey's fault they are in the mess they are in.  You reap what you sow.

My neighbor the drug dealer makes more money than me and doesn't pay taxes and it's my fault? I must be guilty!

looks like a lot of crooked black leaders in the black community taking advantage of their own  people!

Why would I want to live where I had to worry about being a victim because I'm White ? Come on look at the real problem here. Call me a racist ? No call me a Realist.

We have now been nearly 60 years in LBJ's Great Society , the Civil Rights Act of 1964and numerous acts designed to bring minorities , specifically Blacks , up to the White mansstandards .These acts have done more to drag the White man down to the minority level than raise the minority . Head of the line privileges and throwing money at the problem has not solved it. Look at Africa , Central &amp; South America , The mid - east . Disaster after disaster.Might as well face it folks , look at Obama also . They just can't get it done . Obama has this country looking like Detroit &amp; Harrisburg.At last! Yes, minorities are the problem!

If more people from the suburbs went to Detroit to buy their drugs the city wouldn't be so poor.

This has got to be one of the dumbest articles I have ever read.  White people move and are blamed for making the dity 83% black.   DAMN

*  The race card played 50 years straight &amp; used as an excuse for inappropriate behavior by "African"-Americans has lead to Detroit's failure.*  "I do believe Detroit is very fixable," says Detroit's new emergency manager.*  Detroit is only fixable if they give up the race card &amp; that has been fully institutionalized in Detroit culture.....Not likely.

Big fat white women are eating all the food in the projects while their boyfriends head back to prison.

Blacks destroy civilization because as a population they are not civilized...plan and simple! Call me a racist, a bigot or whatever...but any reasonable person can see this.

Yes, Detroit's problems all because of racism!!! Give US all a floking break!!!How about, I CANNOT get a d*mn job because I am WHITE! Is that racism???

I am a 50 year old white male going to a trade school with the majority of students being black (I am the only white guy in my class).These blacks self sabotage. They can't shut up, they willingly and consistently break the rules. They don't respect the instructors (who are black) and then they blame others when they fail their test.Before attending this school, I had a lot of sympathy for the black community, but not anymore. They do it to themselves.

I do not like this trend at all. Fact is blacks tend to stay with blacks and vice versa that is why the city is 83% black. Plus where else can you commit a crime and not get caught, sounds like a perfect breeding ground for those wanting to live this lifestyle. I live in an area that is about 50/50 and the majority of the crime is caused by blacks, I can not give you an answer on why except for what I think, it's in their blood. Kind of like a pitbull that gets a bad rap due to it's past behaviors.

here we go with the racism card......again!!!!So elected officials spend money they don't have and enter into bad business agreements, couple that with a city with a high crime rate because it is loaded with criminals, the fact that it is failing is a racial issue. Always the fault of someone other than those that create the problem.

and more and more african-americans are fleeing northern cities and migrating to the South. Why?because of better opportunities for themselves and their children and getting out of the Liberal cycle of poverty and government enforced welfare.Detroit and Harrisburg are prime examples of how the government is not the solution or at least the way the government is operating is not the solution.

Seriously!  You don't put poor and destitute with working people; it causes social problems. Why is it when blacks move into a neighborhood and the whites move out, it becomes depressed?  Black s are very prejudices and whites don't want to deal with it, so they move.   Anytime you have a population that lives off the government and looses its tax base, it's going to become distressed.  There is more than racism at work here, but nobody wants to discuss it, it's not PC!  Let the thumbs down begin...

Harrisburg was such a cute little town, I used to party there when I lived in Lancaster County!

passing the blame for their own failure....sounds familiar.....surely is a black thing.

The dregs of Detroit would re-elect the mayor the just sent to prison when he gets out.  I gave up on blacks after the voted Marrion Barry back as mayor of DC AFTER he was caught smoking crack with a #$%$.

I wonder if Harrisburg also experienced the corruption in it's city government that Detroit has ever since the administration of Coleman Young!  Before I get blasted as a racist for bringing this up let me point out that last weeks conviction of Detroits last mayor for running a criminal conspiracy/enterprise while in office is a fact!  Corruption in the mayors office, corruption on the school board,corruption and bribery in the awarding of city contracts!  It may not be "politically correct' to bring these up, but as a Michigan citizen who's watched an over proportional amount of State funds go into that hole every year it is definantly relevant!

im not racist! I have a colored TV.

I so disagree with this assessment.  If anything, it was reverse discrimination.  Whites were told they  weren't wanted in Detroit, to "hit 8 mile" (a dividing line between inner Detroit and outer working class neighborhoods.  Guess the whites took the mayor (Coleman Young) seriously.   What happened here was more than bank redlining.  Add to it that Detroiters dont pay their taxes, for the most part.  Its a disaster, hope we can move in the Metro Detroit area.

"Local governments tend to "isolate the poor, including many minorities, in defined political subdivisions "Another racial red herring. The isolation into defined political subdivisions is ordered by the federal government to create minority voting districts, with the mistaken idea that the only way blacks can get any representation is by electing  blacks. Since the black candidates in these districts know they will get the vote on race alone, they do not have to do anything to improve the standard of the district , just keep promising more free suff, and yelling racism at anyone who suggests otherwise. This isolation pretty much relegates the voters in a minority district to a political no mans land, with no need for anyone to take their needs seriously.Liberalism at it's best!!

Unbelievable load of left-wing garbage.  Articles like this leave me gasping for words strong enough to ridicule them.What if labor unions agreed to renegotiate the pay, benefits and pension packages that are breaking the backs of the cities and preventing businesses from investing in manufacturing facilities there?  What if the teacher's union didn't demand that there be one teacher at $120,000 per year for every 10 students?  What if the states rolled back preposterous minimum wage laws that prevent businesses from setting up and hiring because it's impossible for them to be profitable?Wouldn't companies old and new set up shop there?  Wouldn't folks go get jobs and get off welfare?  Wouldn't that mean that tax collections would increase even if rates were lower?  Wouldn't the fact that the city wasn't a bombed out war zone that costs a fortune to live in attract  folks back to live there?  Wouldn't all this mean that the cities would then be able to manage their finances?!Or is that idiot arguing that none of these things is possible simply because the majority of Detroilet is populated by minorities?I swear, I'm lucky to mostly spend my time around intelligent people, so it's rare for me to have to entertain idiotic ideas like the one(s) in this article.  I also chalk that up to the fact that very few people I know are liberals.  It's hard to escape idiotic liberal ideas in the media though, so I get my idiocy fix on here.  Unwillingly, but it's unavoidable.

So easy to play the blame game.Equally as easy to play the race card.Not so easy, own the problems you created and fix them, and stop with the lame excuses. Not every problem the black race has in this country is "White E's fault. Take some ownership.

Thus according to this article, minorities are not ready for self-rule and require the benevolent oversight of "The Man" to keep things running.Sounds reasonable to me!

LMAO holy #$%$ - so now when the stupid citizens elect corrupt officials over and over again it is racism?The flip side to the argument actually gives credence to the idea that poor minorities shouldn't be able to vote.

another race-bating article, hoping to divide whites and blacks...

Actually, he may be right. Since their racism forces them to blame the whites for their predicament instead of letting them see they have a choice to live like that, and have so many be criminals and thugs.

And some many black folks won't admit that they are the problem!

Liberalism will collapse when there is no one left to tax

We've got a black cancer in this country.wow if the BLACK population across the U.S.A. is only 13% blackWILL SOMEONE TELL ME WHERE THERE ARE NO BLACKS SO I CAN MOVE THERE !I am so tired of dealing with the crooked, violent N166ERS around detroitRACISM COMING FROM BLACKS IS STILL RACISMAND WE ARE TIRED OF THE "I DO WHAT I WANT "MENTALITY

&lt;i&gt;"I do believe Detroit is very fixable," he said.&lt;/i&gt;Well, of course you do.  You had to say that to get the job.  Let's see what you say in two years.

The blame game...does it fix anything? Except the financial well being of the talking head getting paid to espouse the view?

Some quotes from the paper that didn't make it into this article: "The thing that struck me the most in going from the private to the publicsector is how much public employees focus on their healthcare benefits and their defined benefit pension rights. It has nothing to do with one’s political party or allegiances, or whether one is in the executive, legislative or judicial branch, or whether or not one is in a union; it is a point of common interest among all public employees, which, if pushed too far, is contrary to the interests of the citizens they serve." . . . "The simple fact is that if a municipality cannot control its healthcare, pension and other retirement costs in a meaningful way, it is almost inevitable that it will become distressed at some point."  Yahoo didn't want to bash the public employees, see. Also, he didn't say it was motivated by racism -- "I am not saying that people are motivated by racism. But our American way of life continues to largely separate African-Americans from equal opportunity and equal education. That separation is easier to maintain thanks to our system of local governments which tend to isolate the poor, including many minorities, in defined political subdivisions where they receive substandard education, substandard services and substandard opportunities." Bad article, Yahoo.

Sounds like wherever there are Black Democrats there is strife, crime, and poverty, it must be caused by racism, not by poor choices of these so called leaders.

Regardless of race, it is time for people of any color to be responsible for themselves, and their actions. Left up to the government, only the government and it's handful of crooks will benefit. White or Black, the government will toss you crumbs...As intelligent beings, not animals, we all have the potential to become something. Don't allow the government to infuse racism and separation...As Americans, it is our right to unite and be whatever it is we aspire to be!

they all be "trying to get over" on someone's dime..

Ok it's 2013 now, can you people not see that blacks can not function socially and financially. How many stories of black failure needs to be seen to understand this. And the biggest most proof of that is in the White House. Call me a racist but facts are facts.

How do you get straight A's in sociology?..Just answer every difficult question with one word "Racism"

They are bankrupt because the tax paying citizens and quality businesses left because of the "segregated minority" making Detroit the crime capital. The race card is crumpled, ripped, accidentally put in the washing machine and just plain worn out. Time to retire the race card people(seriously? you pulled it out in a city run by blacks with 83% black citizens).Blacks want everything handed to them for doing nothing. Bunch of illiterate animals that DO NOTHING to better themselves.

I call bs on this article. Unless you want to say that blacks don't pay their bills which is a racist statement. My guess is those cities are struggling because of corruption more than any thing else.  I know there are good black out there that pay their bills unlike that godless tyrant Obama. we just need them to step out of the shadows and out the Aclu and all the other terrorists that support him

Russia stopped people that they needed to keep their city up and running. They put a wall around Berlin. You do know of Berlin, don’t you? If the cities in question had built a wall around the city, the Wage earning people couldn’t have fled to greener pastures. They would have been required to stay there, and tried to earn more TAX money to be misappropriated or stolen. It’s all the white working minorities fault. LARGE Piles of B.S.

It's the white man's fault that blacks are failing in black run cities.  Wake up people.

I would not say anything in this article would be racist or be related to racism. This is more about choice people decide to take ,like where they want to live or how they want to live. It is the people choice .Get government out of people lives.

I think the other things they have in common is 40 plus years of democratic leadership...  In fair and open disclosure I live on the outside of Birmingham, AL area also in financial distress also due to Democratic leadership and seeing the failing of Atlanta, GA.  Democrats taking advantage of black populations and blaming it on everyone else but themselves...

"Both cities' financial woes have been caused in part by the segregation of minorities and poor people, David Unkovic, the former receiver, said in a paper presented at a conference about distressed municipalities."  Where does Mr. Unkovic expect these people to live?  Does he expect Section 8 housing to be in the suburbs?  These individuals know of nothing but how to get everything for nothing.  When these housing complexes were first built, they were the pride of these urban communities.  It didn't take long for these housing complexes to become cesspools because the residents didn't care about maintaining the complexes.  After all, these individuals live there for free so why should they care?  They thought the government will fix everything for them so they just #$%$ all over the place and let someone else clean up after them.  Unfortunately, there is no more money to fix the cesspools and now people like Mr. Unkovic blames it on racism.  No, it's not racism, it's the people who care about nothing except getting something for nothing that caused the decline in these urban areas.

Google "Birwood Wall" and you'll see PROOF that even the GOVERNMENT was acting to keep Blacks segregated in Detroit! The wall is still there, by the way.

so  much for affirmative action...lets lower the test scores even more now. Why is it that every ethnic group that comes to the US blows right past the blacks. ????

Blacks turn once fine, productive cities, towns, neighborhoods,  public schools into crapholes and implode locale economies with the crime, violence, and that don't give a schidt attitude that always follows them. It's the TNB in the DNA.Which is the cause and which is the effect?  Anecdotal conclusions are not scientifically valid.

What a load of #$%$, Harrisburg's financial issues have zip to do with race. In 1972 the city built a waste to energy facility which cost less than $15 million and it should have been debt free decades ago. Over a period of 35+yrs the city of Harrisburg refinanced the facility and increased the debt being secured by the facility (as of late 2011 it exceeded $300 million) to fund other repairs, renovations and projects such as the Western Memorabilia Museum, leading to Harrisburg's current unsustainable debt. Race has nothing to do with financial mismanagement and/or stupid political decisions.

No city will do well when the majority of its population is lazy, violent and uneducated.

How come everytime something goes wrong, they got to be in the race card ? if people go out and work instead of collecting Govt. checks to pay for their drugs and booze

If a city is 83 percent one race, how are they still minorities? How do articles like this get published?

What a crock of Chit, Blame the government and society again for something they brought on them self's.

Blame it on anything except crooked politicians.  Quit electing "minorities" then the problem will be solved??  If that statement is true, minorities have no business in any place of power.  Where is Obama and his democrats making anything easier for anyone?  Yet blacks and Latinos support him overwhelmingly, what a sad state of affairs.  Big unions (big Obama supporters) and crooked politicians caused this NOT MINORITIES!!

There is a reason why white people are racist.

Coleman Young was the start of the City of Detroit's spirial.He coined the phrase "White Flight" when white Detroiters fled the chaos that was coming with his election as Mayor of Detroit. The crazy part is black people have been leaving Detroit recently for the exact same reasons that the white peolple had been leaving for the last 40+ years.So I ask you is this also "White Flight"?People regardless of color just want law and order and safety in their daily lives.Detroit did not even have that in the last Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick he's currently awaiting sentencing for his crimes. He stole over $83,000,000.Detroit is 40+ years of uninterupted Democratic leadership.

As Asian who does not have grudge against either race, I do observe that blacks, collectively, are not capable of governing themselves effectively(ethically or morally) or productively. I kind of feel that when a large group of human being try to make it out in nature, their average intelligence is crucial to create sustainable, self-reliant living society. I am afraid that blacks have not demonstrate anywhere on this planet that  they are capable of doing so, independently. They have too many chips on their shoulders.They're talking about the inate racism of the democrap party. o'bama is a self hating black man! Just look at the high black unemployment caused by o'bama's economic policies.

The problem is communist/democ_rats wasting taxpayer money on commie garbage "programs" like they always do.

The Blacks in Detroit are very much like the Blacks in Africa.. Blacks cannot rule themselves and Detroit would be better off on a Plantation being given guidance.

This is a story written by a "real" journalist? One word googelymuck...

so u are telling us what we AMERICANS NEW 400 years now ? this will change once you look at what happen to down town LA CALIF ( it is MEXICO ) and that sucks . i saw the writing on that wall when i recall how HUNTING PARK ( small city ) became MEXICO over night and so did SOUTH GATE CALIF ( all ghetto high crime areas ) the city councles of MOWTOWN and LAX can only blame themselfs .COMPTON and CARSON made it out of trouble waters decades ago so can the other 2 if they want to srevive .

Detroit is proof that blacks absolutely destroy a city.  And now, we have a boy in the White House doing the same thing to the US.

Blacks are the scourge of the earth.

ITS ALWAYS SOMEBOBY ELSES FAULT!  Well there you go, whats the lesson here?

Harrisburg is not segregated in the sense of people being controlled and told where they can and cannot go. White flight occurs because people are afraid (understandably) of the crime. There is someone shot nearly every day in Harrisburg. It used to be a nice place (lovely Victorian homes line many streets) but the drugs and crime got out of control.

Blacks run anything it's guaranteed to be run into the ground and of course they all cry racism soon afterwards.  I wish Lincoln wasn't murdered back in 1865, he was all set to send the vast majority of these Ghetto Apes forefathers to Belize and Guyana right after the war, now were stuck with them.well, blacks do wreck every neighborhood they take over

Lawrence, quit asking such pertinent questions.  They can't, you know they can't, I know they can't but the idiot who wrote the article wants to make it look like these cities would be thriving if they just treated blacks better.  BULL!  This is a chicken and egg question.  Are these cities failing because they "isolate" blacks or are they failing because they have too many blacks and no city can thrive with that big a black population?  In other parts of the country, where blacks are more "included" they still produce a drop out rate of 50% before finishing high school, an monstrous rate of teenage pregnancy, a disproportionate number of them are on public assistance and it has NOTHING to do with racism.PS  I love the comments below.  They tell the true story while this article is one long lie.

The article seems to imply that poor people do not live in rich subdivisions.I am shocked.  Surely there is a govenment program to correct this.

when all else fails blame racism, or is it blame racism first??????

--They who say they Love GOD whom they have not seen, but hate their brother whom they have seen, is a liar.--Because thou sayest that I am rich and increased with goods and have need of nothing; and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked;--The love of money is the root of all evil.--Don't put your trust in riches for they will not save in THE DAY OF WRATH.--Cursed is the person who makes Mankind their strong arm and their heart departs from THE LIVING GOD.--Focus more on what is not seen with the naked eye: RIGHTEOUSNESS, HOLINESS &amp; GODLINESS, because all that we see is temporary and shall all pass away.***--JESUS will be back to RIGHTEOUSLY JUDGE us according to HIS WORD#$%$

And the Snyder picks an Emergency Manager with personal financial problems of his own to ruin.... I mean run the City of Detoit. Yup, it's Racism alright.

{ Local governments tend to "isolate the poor, including many minorities, in defined political subdivisions where they receive substandard education, substandard services and substandard opportunities," }I grew up there, the black's isolated themselves in detroit, its been at least 70% black since I was a kid, back in the 60's and 70's.Its been run by blacks since then, go back to colman young.This statement is from someone looking for MORE FED AID, thats all.really how much is enough ??why dont these people that make statements like this tell us how many are on welfare, food stamps, child support or some kind of gov assitance either state or fed level ?come on, if the ship is sinking you get off, if the city is folding you leave and look for work some where else, you dont stay behind and whine about not having work or a income.I for one am sick of paying for detroit and the over spending that happens in CA and a sinking city like New Oleans(sp)you want to know how valuable detroit is ?, try to sell it lock-stock and barrel to ANYONE, see how many line up.all that money over 40 years, where did all the money go ??

If a billionaire like bill gates would offer every "African American" 150 grand to move back to their homeland you know what their answer would be...We live off the backs of whitey know instead of the backs of ourselves. Lincoln made the middle class slaves and obamination is just his latest slave master.

It's a simple fact of economic indicators,fueled by progressive ideals and the myth of Diversity as a cohesive entity.Anyone with an ounce of brains would perceive an influx of public housing and low income neighbors as an indication that the area is in economic distress.The intellectual hard workers in the community have 2 choices,move or fight.The problem is,you cant fight political dogma and still be perceived as Civil in today's world....So you Move,pay the bills,and raise your family on your terms and ethics.. Let those holding the bag, wonder why you left,and how can they get you back......PS...They wont,and it will be your fault.

Thank you LBJ and your Great Society.  You have created a Moocher Class content to live on government hand outs. Generations of societal leeches and robotic voters.Yep, that was expected.  Once more blame it on race.  Its time for you losers to grow up.

LOWLY BLACK LEADERS WITH NO FACTS BUT ONLY THE ONE WORD "RACISM"!

Here we go again, some black folks blaming everybody else but themselves for their own problems!

Oh, so they are poor because everything is racially motivated? Shame on you America for not having a black president, for not having a black attorney general, for having 18% of all government workers being black (even though the population is only 12%).All white people need to kill themselves right after they give all their money to black people. But...who will the black people blame then? Mexicans, you are next on the black hit list of racists...

Why is it racism if the poor are minoritys? Most minoritys are poor. Its damn near universal truth! Get over it. I also wouldnt want to live next to people living 12 to a 3 bdrm home driving my property value down.

it boils down to one thing: Socialism does not work!!! Most of the cities that have been under the democrats' control for many years are a cesspool plagued with poverty, crime, and corruption.  If the handout system worked, these places would be a Utopian paradise...yet, they are a parasites' paradise...and obama and his cronies want the same for the rest of the USA...WAKE UP AMERICA

one more ploy to divert the public's attention from the truth; the issues with the aforementioned cities are miss-management and corruption; since they have been run by incompetent people, they want to hide behind the race card...WAKE UP AMERICA!!!

When are people going to wake up and realize that blacks can't manage anything!

Yes let us blame it on racism and not horrible fiscal management....

It's always somebody else's fault with these people, usually the whites who followed the jobs and bailed out of what was probably a dangerous environment!The free white states protected them, smuggled them to the north and died for them in the Civil War...And this is how they show their gratitude..

I believe in past history there was pure racism toward black people, today stop using excuses, This tune is old, move on.

Another case of crying racial wolf in our racially obsessed culture.

blacks have no role model. few that succeeds do not give back to their own community - money or otherwise.

Black folks are too daem dumb to  relaize that the democratic party wants and needs them to stay on the dole:::::

minorities won't help themselves they blame and demand handouts.

"Local governments tend to 'isolate the poor, including many minorities, in defined political subdivisions where they receive substandard education, substandard services and substandard opportunities.'"Unkovic has his causal relationships flipped. State governments (sometimes under pressure from the federal government) create defined political subdivisions with a large population of a specific racial minority so that the members of that minority can elect representatives who appeal to them more than to the non-minorities in surrounding communities. The population of those political subdivisions then vote for Democrats, and those political subdivisions then turn into Detroit and Harrisburg and (insert failing Democrat run urban center here).

You know, looking at the active and passive verbs in this article makes me think the writer has a problem with cause and effect.

Since MI looks like a hand, Detroit must be where the toilet paper ripped and a piece of poo got smeared on the hand! I think its less of a race issue and more of a class issue (used to live within 200ft of the "D"). More people "don't " pay their property taxes then people who do. Even though Kwame Kilpatrick took 8million from the public to cover up his infidelities, possibly and probably involved in a strippers murder, and countless other criminal activities, the "83%" still think he's the chit! Why? I think because he's black and they are idiots! I member being there when OJ was aquitted and the "in your face celebration" by these very people. Its like they don't care, or don't know, what's right or wrong (even if it is them that are getting wronged) as long as they get to chalk up another "win"!

Having too many blacks causes all kinds of problems, crime, litter, run-down houses.The problem is too many poor (won't work) blacks, sucking at the tt.

Most affected are the poooor, disenfranchised, women, chil'ren n peephole uf culler.

If you want to know why Detroit is the way it is, watch Hard Core Pawn on TrueTv. It says it all.

Lets just add fuel to the fire.

Just look at the African Space Program

well the democrate own this - they have had total control over the unions and the government in both Detroit and Harrisburg - they tax business out of the area and give the unions the golden keys to the city - high percentage of minorities move there because of the handout the politicans give them and then they want the rest of us pay for their mismanagement - look at the senate - they act and believe the same thing - democrates - tax and spend -  and then blame the repuclicans for trying to put a stop to the taxing and spending

Ha ha ha.  So  it  is  racism when blacks  are too lazy work?

This is a bunch of bull. Its not about cities isolating the poor,its about a certain ethnic  part of the population who grew up on welfare as did their mammy and their mammies mammy! They get freebies from the squandering government such as welfare,food stamps,free rent and free cell phones. They prefer to live that way,they don't have to work. Life is a free ride and they can spend their days breeding and hanging out. No one pushed them into it,it's what they want and as long as the stooges running the government continue to give them handouts with other peoples money then damn it they will continue to take it!!!!!

Race plays no role in the problems of Detroit.  It's what happens when the poor become the majority in the area and taxes are levied to compensate them.  I'm not trying to say social programs are the cause of this, because they do provide help to those in need, but at some point long-term dependence on the government is an unacceptable model for maintaining an individual family, let alone an entire city.

We brought them over here and released them, what could go wrong?Let me understand this you Liberal media pigs.  Blacks lie, steal and pillage the tax base and you claim its white racism.  Go f yourself you lying #$@#$%$#

Trash is trash. Its called REALITY. Blacks need to fix their own problems such as having black men be responsible to support their families. Parent/parents need to teach their children how to live to become a success. get any job and struggle like everyone else does. Learn to speak proper english would help too, etc,etc.

the racism IS from white liberals who secretly hate minorities but need them to win elections!

Ive got a news flash, its not going to change until the CULTURE CHANGES..you keep doing what you did, your going to keep getting what you gotThis idiot {which also QUIT HIS JOB AS RECIEVER} says that the poor are STUCK in thes areas...HUH?There have been people that have came to this country  hanging on on a freakin raft with NOTHING and have made it through hard work.. But these people are stuck in Detroit, NOBODY IS STUCK ANYWHERE, your free to come and go as you please...

They move to the larger cities to get bigger handouts. Always has been that way and probably always will be.

If you don't like it move!!!

Poor people NOT having rich people living next door ?Really ?I am in shock !

even blacks from poor areas that made it rapping or in sports refuse to go back to their old neighborhoods due to the crime rates.

What I get out of this artical is that Black politicians are victimizing the people they people they are supposed to represent. It's not a race is not the issue. It is poor people being taken advantage of. Educated blacks leave just like whites did for a better life. What does that leave you? A melting pot of stupid! Blacks and whites have been manipulated for decades in Deroit on the race issue. I am glad I got out of there years ago. If I didn't I would be another #$%$ off white guy worried about losing my place in line to a black guy. We have all been fooled!

Before reading the article I almost thought the writer had it right. If we are to compare the city of Rhode Island with Detroit then we must be honest. First of all both cities have received funds and offers to be helped. Some of the funds given were in bad judgment. There was no accountability and review as they were being administered or used. The ex-mayor of Detroit found out the hard way and yet he still is in denial, but that's a different topic. The city that the article is about has received the same and in good faith many people wanted to help but they are turned away because one, they weren't black and they wanted accountability and not just to give free money. Providence also suffers from many policymakers and defunct leaders who have mostly self-interest and not truly the interest of the people. If we remember the ex-mayor of Detroit always used the black card, children, and business and usually this is the direction of those who do not want to resolve the issues of the city in reality it is their reality. Look at Detroit since the comparison was made and let's point out a couple things 1. The city is majority black 2. The Council is majority black 3. The head of all your departments and such is majority black. We can go on but it's probably not necessary and here's the point. The city of Detroit is a black racist city you are not really welcome among those who control the city except for a few, if you are Mexican, Indian, white, blue, or green and worst of all if you are a black person who want to make a city for all people of different colors you are called a uncle Tom and other vulgar descriptions. So is the city of Detroit or the city of Providence Rhode Island a problem because of a black issue – no, but it is an issue and a problem of black racism, and race hustling. That issue needs to be challenged, before any forward concept can be realized. The bustout cities are not there because of opportunities being offered, but opportunities that were squandered and misused as well criminally misused. You know it's sad that a standard isn't equal among all people which is accountability. In the cities that hide behind the black issue, you see the politicians and so on don't suffer but the people do. Anytime you go black you can't say anything about it, you shouldn't try to do anything about it, and people get scared to address real issues of the cities because they will only be called a racist, and so these black racist project on you what they really are and that's why the cities are failing in the mindset that drives them into the ground. Until we are willing to build a city that is for all people of all colors than expect more of the same. Mayor archer was a very good mayor for Detroit and they chopped him up and called him uncle Tom. And now the city of Detroit is about to receive a emergency manager and yes they are already chopping him up as well and oh yeah they are both black just not their type of black, a racist black. And you know the city of Detroit has more churches per square mile than most cities in all these reference offer their opinions and get involved in many activities but yet crime, poverty, illegitimate children, abandoned houses etc. keep rising and this is a good question does the color of your skin come first or God because you can have both, because God wants your heart. And by the way if you want you can probably invite one of these reverends to speak at a event but make sure you have valet parking for their Mercedes, Rolls-Royce, Cadillac, Jaguar after all they deserve it what about the people living behind their churches?All the lazy white #$%$ that bought slaves because they were to #$%$ lazy to do thier own cotton picking and work created this mess. I never hear a real African that migrated to America ever complain about anything. They are like the rest of us just trying to get by with what we have. Working and paying taxes so lazy F%$Ks can stay on welfare and watch reruns of oprah.

If Detroit had not had crooks running the city for the past 20 years or so it would be fine. Example look at the last mayor ripped off the city big time what  you read is probly only 1/2 of it. Then they had coleman who was no better just smoother. So dont blame the people of Detroit blame the #$%$ holes that they elected to rip them off.

I'd hate to see a yahoo artucle go by without a mention of racism. Was it Bush's fault too?

Here is an Idea raise your kids to RESPECT people including them selves and to go to school and get an EDUCATION and here is the good one "GET A JOB " and go to work and PAY for the things you have and maybe there wont be a problem...But as long as you sit on the poach with the homeys and sell dope and wait for a Free (OBAMA CARE HAND OUT) there are going to be problems ..And its not being racist its common knowledge that the black population makes up more than 80% of the people that fit in this catagory..its the TRUTH..Now Im wondering how is this RACIST ?  Is it racist or the TRUTH

What a crock!

I need a load of this for my garden. These people need to study Frederick Douglass.

I need a load of this for my garden.

But what does that say about all the thriving immigrant communities? When my ancestors came over from Poland they were treated like dirt in America. But just like most immigrants, they helped each other and worked hard to build a good life to better their families.

One thing is the same in all the cesspool bankrupt America cities....... black majority. Connect the dots

Ah needs me sum mo minutes fer MAH OBAMA FONE!I'm surprised Harrisburg is Pennsylvania's capital. They picked the wrong city!

The author and these people do not understand cause and effect.

The problems with these cities is that they have fools running them. Address this issue first,than unions ,and then taxes. People leave for a reason and it's not blacks.

Whew!We haven't had a Yahoooo R-bombing Liberl Guilt trip in a few days, I was begining to think they had finally grown up and got past the race baiting, R bombing and Guilt Straffing.  Thank you for restoring my faith in your innate propagandizing.

10's of thousands of blacks have moved out of Detroit too. If the blacks who "made it" would have stayed in the city, things would be much better. The disenfranchised "youths" would at least have some positive role models in the community. I don't see how it can be whitey's fault when the first chance black people get they move away from their own people to live among their oppressors.It wasn't white people who forced blacks to vote for the horrible Coleman Young for 5 terms, followed by one incompetent #$%$ after another. It wasn't white people forcing blacks to have thousands of children they have no means to care for. The schools are a shambles, but of course they are run by blacks too, some of whom are illiterate themselves.The leaders reflect the community. At some point black people need to vote for those who have shown real ability to turn things around, not someone who is "like them". I want leaders who are far above the average, I don't care if I can "relate to them" personally or not. Alot of high functioning people are eccentric jerks.Forget about personality and vote for competence, and maybe start considering some white Republicans instead of limiting your choices to black Democrats. Democrat leaders know they are going to get nearly 100% of the vote in Detroit no matter what the conditions. The folks there need to understand they won't get anything when they are obviously being taken for granted. Expand the horizons.

thye made escape from LA and NY now they're making escape from Detroit

modern day slavery-minorities living off handouts from the gov.

You guys know why so many knee grows are moving to Detroit?  .....  They heard there weren't any jobs there!  (would be funny if it wasn't true)

I just don't know why those racist whites don't want to live in the jungle?

Detroit is broke because of the Democrats that control the city for the last 50 years.  Any city or for that matter state that has big financial problems can be tied directly to the public officials not being honest with the people.  And most are Democrat's.  It's not racism, it's the "low information voter" that continues to support politicians that promise them something for nothing.Just film a Tarzan movie in Detroit. Everyone wins.

This whole story seems to be racist.  It seems to be concluding that any city that is majority black will fail because black people are stupid.  ???

"Both cities' financial woes have been caused in part by the segregation of minorities and poor people, David Unkovic"   David Unkovic IS IGNORANT, STUPID, ILLITERATE, ILLOGICAL, IRRATIONAL and SERIOUSLY MENTALLY SICK!!!

more like downward spiral from incinerator, civil war museum, cronism, politics, lack of revenue, crumbling infra, unbridled spending, concerning hbg. with no accountablilty.

None of this is about racism... it's about corruption and the lack of our education and justice systems to return American Cities to prosperity. What's the dropout rate in Detroit, New Orleans, D.C., Chicago...? The 20's &amp;30's mobsters are gone. In there place we cultivated the Hispanic, Viets, Aryians, PR's and Black gangs to run rampant in our cities while we poor trilions into iraq and afghanistan! INVEST IN AMERICA!!!

Some how, although it is not clearly stated as to exactly who, but the article does say the government did it, that people are being mistreated by the local government because they are poor and because they are a minority. Some how this blame thing just keeps coming up and some how the root cause of this just stays under the radar but it never is the fault of the poor or the minorities. Some how everyone else regardless of race sex or ethnicity, owes those who do not have anything, not a hand up, but just plain giving them money.And the Corrupt government of Detroit exasperates the issue. Detroit has had several politicians, that have used the political backing of the 83+% Detroit Black population to fleece all of Detroit. A former Black Mayor at present has been convicted of all kinds of money crimes that have robbed a financially strapped city of millions.This is not a one dimensional issue. But for some reason, Detroit just keeps getting deeper and deeper in trouble and people just keep leaving, poor or not and regardless of race.The only thing that can be said with certainty is that other races left Detroit faster than Blacks, other minorities and the poor!And from another news article from Sept 2011................."On Saturday, Oct. 1, 41,000 Michigan welfare recipients will lose cash benefits in the amount of approximately $515 each. Gov. Rick Snyder capped maximum welfare payments at 48 months. Several Michigan recipients filed a class action lawsuit to overturn the four-year cap". Imagine that, on Benefits for 48 months and there is enough money to hire a lawyer to form a Class Action suit to extend benefits!!!The NAACP, "as friend of the court" was also involved in wanting benefits continued, and the NAACP that has a vested interest in helping minorities, instead of having spent the the past 48 months helping people to get educated and find jobs, they wanted benefits continued for how long I do not know!If anything has been proven, it is that giving money to people with no expectations other than waiting a month and giving them more is not a plan to help people improve their lot in life.In fact using Detroit as an example it has the opposite affect! Those on welfare keep getting benefits and when the dry up, rather than do something constructive, file a class action suit for more benefits.What industry, most of which are leaving Detroit, can be shown it is a smart move to come back with this kind of mentality?What is wrong with this American picture?

What a great example of putting the monkies in charge of the bananas...Bing go,,,no more Bananas.  But there are lots more hungry monkies..in othey words...putting the fox on guard of the hen house.

When the African Negros take to the streets we should hire some red necks dressed in white sheets to patrol the city. Along with some tar and feathers

Power in Detroit causes the uncontrollable urge to behave in criminal fashion. I do not know how Dennis Archer &amp; Dave Bing have resisted this urge.

no one want's to be held accountable......not even if it's moma nem or grandpa nem. Not my fault......did I do that?......just leave it broke......I'll never waste my inheritance or daddy/pawpaw's death benefit on that.I read this whole article.

When will the media begin to focus on the gang issues plagueing our country?  Oh wait, what gang-related crime issues?  These are the people who help other folks out, right?  Really?It's my hard earned tax money they want to pour into yet more city cesspools.  When will we ever learn and just  say 'no more'?  The Gov't is fearful of rioting so the problems just continue to escalate.  Jobs aren't 'given', they are applied for, think work.

I used to believe that failure of Detroit is due to liberal policy and beliefs. When someone directed me to look at northern part of Europe, my view slowly changed. Northern Europe is arguably the most liberal area on this earth. But they live happily, low crime, clean city, very good school, healthcare and etc. I finally understood that homogenous population is key. They operate on the same ethics and morality. This particular group of people, white and educated, create their own society. They are ingenious, creative,peaceful and hardworking. Collectively they built their society the way it is. It is people.  So the people in Detroit, 85% blacks, simply do not have elements required in human society for maitaining a viable economy, let it alone to build one. Detroit is pretty much consistent with what we saw in Africa. No one with normal reasoning capacity would rule out race factor in this disparity.

when you have a democrat majority city this is what happens and they call is racism. how is that?? if the city is almost all black then how is this racist. i guess they cant rule themselves is that what its saying. im sick of yahoo and its liberal #$%$ blame whitey for everthing. sick of your bias yahoo reporting.

one of the comment makes a good point about chicago and their criminal white x mayor and what he did,but talking about detroit and r.i it really is a embedded black racist issue and the entitled at all cost attitude .most of us who want now--life, have been through alot with our families and history but we are willing to make a place for all people and not just to  people by skin color.black racists are very skilled in concealment until challenged. how about detroits x mayor  coleman young he was a true black racist and yet he was in bed with the whites and took their money to be in his city.and then would protray himself as a champion for his prople -and didn't he walk away with appox.9million in gold from the back of blacks of africa. oh i forgot chief hart took that blame.at least x mayor c.young brother made a good living from drug sales and activities duing his brother's reign ,and guess what most of all the people who were involved then are still involved now or their kids are. time to expect more -time for a change.

People should stop looking for the government to be the great savior.

Unkovic did an interview about this with planet money last year (episode 397). Seems like a well-balanced, non-shrill guy. I have a feeling this is a reporter looking for a story.

Most thinking people know that corporations practice institutional racism. Corporations are conservative.

Suburbs are feeding off the suburbs, soon the feast will be over...

Racism has generational effects poor blacks and whites.Too bad the effects of racism will not go away overnight.I hope good Americans continue to fight racism and it ills wherever it exist!This is nothing new.  Legal segregation continues in this country.  Only now it has many different names - like redistricting.

It's easy to say people are too lazy to make something of themselves. The truth is, it's the institutions that make it difficult for many to rise above (mostly the minorities).

"Unkovic also blamed the finance industry for pushing complicated interest rate swaps, swaptions and other derivative products with names like "scoop and toss" onto local governments. Both Harrisburg and Detroit entered into such agreements, to their detriment, he said."As Dave Ramsey would say, if you don't understand how an investment works, you shouldn't buy it. This makes it sound like both cities didn't have enough smarts to understand what they were doing.Which makes sense, once you see the results. So, if they can't manage their money, what gives anyone any confidence they can manage a city? a school district? even animal control?

Libatards really are the dumbest idiots to ever walk mother earth. Any city/state run by libanuts is now in trouble.........buy....HEY...ITS RACISM.......BULL SCHLIT......ITS LIBAFLUCKS PEROID

Every city that is run by sambos always seem to fail.  The only thing blacks are good at is selling drugs, having 6 kids out of wedlock with no baby daddy around and murdering themselves off on a daily basis, which is a good thing..

Racism is not just limited to finance. Racism is a sickness, like cancer here in America. This will always be. People are raised up from their mother's womb to hate. Some areas in this Country are worst than others. Hate is a tool that has always been used to cause people to be Divided. The Rich are the ones that use this tactic the most. As long as they can cause division among the POOR WHITES, BLACKS and now the HISPANICS their children will always have the BULK of the wealth.***LISTEN UP all of you, RACISM is not a state of being, it is a state of MIND. It is time to STOP this SICKNESS.

Blacks didn't move from Detroit after the WHITE RACE RIOTS in 1943 because they were BANNED from living in the suburbs! Oh, what's that? You racists didn't KNOW that fact? Look it up!

what they are doing in Michigan is disgusting. How can anyone support taking awa the power of people's vote? I don't care about party affiliation, in a democracy that is wrong

Where is OCP when we need them. They were taking Detroit private from mayor shuck n jive Cussack... Then RoboCop 2 was going to make things quiet...What happened....? Fast F 2013..the place stinks worse than ever...

When in doubt, whiiipp it out!!!  The good old RACE card!!!The achievements of BRA.

What racism?America is bankrupt cause of whites/,jobs are overseas cause of whites,America is in a collapse mode cause of whites,Americans nonbelievers of GOD'S WORD has ruin this place/,with no return too its greatness.So this is not black or white problem,its a right or wrong,GODLY or ungodly,Turn back to GOD or face more destruction,and chaos.That name calling about blacks is not necessary,Only GOD can judge,since you're not,you must be a bootleg,or knockoff,cheap imitation and ,witchcraft lover.America has destroy it self with hate,towards my family,and LOST.,,

Strange how you racists ONLY know thatDetroit is 83% bLACK BUT don't KNOW THAT THE sTATE OF mICHIGAN renegged ON $315 MILLION IN REVENUE SHARING WITH THE CITY THAT IS PARTIALLY TO BLAME FOR THIS CRISIS? R!ep. Gov. Engler and Mayor Archer AGREED to lower Detroit's taxes  IN EXCHANGE for more money from the state in the 1990's. The City did it's part inlowering taxes. the STATE FAILED to live up to IT'S end of the bargain. The City was left with an automatic deficit!!

A BLANKET A BOWL AND A STICKIn the matter of racial comparisonsThe media shouts to the moonAbout all the historic achievementsof the Redskin, Spic and the #$%$Yet strangely when strolling museumsThe white mans creations stand thickbut all we can find of those othersis a blanket, a bowl and a stickNo telephones, timeclocks or engines,No lights that go on with a flick.No airplanes or rockets or radiosJust a blanket, a bowl and a stickNot one sioux indian submarine,No african ice cream to lick,not a single mexican x ray machine,it's a blanket, a bowl and a stickSo remember when history's the subject,and revisionists are up to their tricks,the evidence tells quite another taleof a blanket, a bowl and a stickA poem by A.Wyatt Mann

Bus white kids to the black schools.  This helps the black schools and if security is good, doesn't hurt us crackers.  Black schools are almost always older, built in areas where @ one time there was good infrastructure.  White flight moved out and new schools were built in the middle of farm fields (look at MI and Ohio).

The sad thing about this article; it brings out the worst in americans. Racist, hating remarks and they are convinced that it's the truth. You are poor, ignorant people and your parents never let you evolve beyond the 50's.

Everybody needs to pay their property taxes. You can't stop people from moving.

face facts whatever color - those that could escaped those who could not either poor or to invested did not

I say it's time to end substandard education and buy new books for all.

Hey idoits, its about the money! Outstate politics and concentration of the poor with a falling tax base, lack of job opportunities and deinvestment of industry. If your minds are clogged with bias preconceptions and ridicule you can't logically think.It's easy to toss racism out to blame, but the problem is bigger, deeper than that.

There are six Democrats for every one Republican in Steubenville....explains a lot....democratic SCHOOL system parents that accept this type of behavior...democratic sheriff judge mayor DA...ect ect..can I get a what what...jayz obama liberals

All over America Blacks get substandard everything. It's been that way since the end of slavery. Whites are oblivious. It's a known fact that being white in America makes life a little easier. No one ask the question what breeds these neighborhoods? Obviously its poverty....well what causes poverty? And why is it that its mostly in neighborhoods where the majority is black? It's easy to judge when you're ignorant or oblivious to a racist system. Sadly this is the reality of the American society. I'm not for welfare unless its needed. Raise the minimum wage and I guarantee there will be more workers and less welfare recipients. A lot of whites will say " blame race" or "blacks playing the race card"....its easy to make comments like that if you've never been on the receiving end. I'm all for personal responsibility and I do agree it all starts with a strong family structure which is what a lot of black families lack but it wasnt always like that. Blacks has always been disenfranchised that is something no one can deny that is why many live in poverty and have to work twice as hard to make it....even with the substandard service this country provides for them.

Dizz  articlez   is  nutin'  but  racist  cummentz. Now excuse me i'm not done watchin'   "Half Baked."

Don't worry! President Pinnochio will come to the rescue. You have seen what he is accomplishing nationally. He can take money (taxes) from the rich (not unions) and #$%$ it all away, like he did with his green energy program making Al (hanging chad) Gore and his buddies rich. Call a spade a spade! We need to help these people get back on their feet not by bailing them out without effort from their own community leaders. HELP not BAIl them out!

I am sure a whole group that would rather sit on their #$%$ and take welfare insted of working has nothing to do with it?  After all it is always someone elses fault.

Harrisburg. My parents moved into white neighborhood 53 years ago. Prettiest hood in USA. We still have the house in the neighborhood. in the mid 70's most whites move into developing suburbs. The black home owners aged. Died. Most houses were brought by out of state landlords. Lots of homes went to section 8.Then came crack. The white people never moved back. Education system failed in 80's 90's. Crack went hard in HBG. Teen pregnancy went 500%. Now in this year that's what were left with. Nothing. Its worst here than that show on HBO THE WIRE. I could go on. No need to. These cities are to far gone. There's no standards or class with the young unwed parents. Just a big mess. I don't know the answer and don't think there will ever be one. Crack destroy this great county the USA. I'm just hope in the next 40 years things will turn around. I'll be al.ost 100 years old. I wonder what my neighborhood will look like. Hmmm. Its pretty much the same now as it was 50 years ago. Very few original home owners left. Harrisburg is still one of the best cities in USA. Pray for theses cities. Thats all we can do. Education. Values. Class has to come back.

How many dollars are spent per pupil in Detroit opposed to the school districts that do well in Michigan?

Wouldn't you like to forget the hell we white people put the blacks through in the last 150 years or so, and sorry for blaming that on Detroit's problems, but you must admit, they couldn't land a decent job until after the race war.  And it is really nice after all that time to use the bathroom in a restaurant!

Tax and spend, and spend, and spend, and tax some more! The mantra of the left. The road to riches is to get elected in these dens of demondratic power. First exploit the poor and then the taxpayer, and take your cut from everything. And the dumb black morons will continue to vote demondrat.Im not from Detroit someone there probably have better advice on what they needs but you gonna have to walk down the street and talk to folks come pick me up if you're scared to get out the office I'll walk with ya.

My names Kevin Strange Im a white boy in TX can y'all please stop makin us look stupid with you're Blacks cause this bs and try to be productive in fixing the problem.

And as usual, the Yahoo racists REFLEXIVELY start off denying that racism could be responsible for ANYTHING in America!You people have NO idea of Detroit's past of WHITE racism!The suburbs in Detroit have traditionally been hostile to Black Detroiters. That's what they mean by isolation. If you even so much as TRY to deny that FACT, you are nothing but a LIAR!Ever heard of "Sun down towns"? These were cities where DeFacto (in the past) Blacks were hassled by the police if they were caught there after dark. It wasn't an Urban legend. Check out the history od Dearborn, MI (on Detroit's border).

So the solution is telling people where to live?  Make the neighbors racially equal?  Make a move to make things equal?  What a crock.

Umm according to a "tea party" douche in NC...."racism ended 150 years ago"!

It may be hard to understand, But it is really very simple.. Money is the Lifeblood, of Families, Communities, cities, States, &amp; Nations....Cut it off &amp; all begins to "Fail &amp; Fall Apart'....

either way you look at it america is now cursed and its the new sodom and gomorah

and...I think Mayor Bing is the smartest most honest man they have had in 40 years, just wish they would give him a long term chance to bring change to that city.

The same people who can't believe that racism still exists can't explain the RACIST REPUBLICAN TEA PARTY guy Scott Terry who stood up for slavery and segregation this weekend at the CPAC convention!Just sayin'! He wasn't a Democrat and he most DEFINITELY is a racist! He belongs to the White Student's Union at Towson State U. And he's a REPUBLICAN!!

Chicago has sold 85% of its assess,by a white Irish mayor,for his personal reasons,He bankrupt this city,Now that's evilness.Who fault is that?No kidding,you just figured that out.Black people have known this throughout history.

Yeah, that WHite Republican dominate State Government has absolutely NOTHING to do with this, right? Keep deluding yourselves, racists!

Apparently, a whole lot of Yahoo commenters have never heard of housing discrimination! Whites COULD leave Detroit (And had been since the 1950's). Blacks could NOT move to racially SEGREGATED suburbs like Dearborn and GrossePointe! Try and deny it, idiots! Even today, Livonia is one of the WHITEST Cities in America and it's only a few miles fromDetroit! Wonder why?? Hmmmm?

Answer 1% controls the money....remember? Other 16 are employees of the 1%.....mostly law enforcement and judiciary. Good answer.

And this is exactly why republicans love a small federal government that, they say interfere with their lives. With the states,districts and on down to city counselors heavily under g.o.p. Control, they can suppres entire communities they consider "out of the sphere of progress and tag them as economicaly depresed. At the local level republicans do their most distructive work.

NEWS FLASH: America spent 25% of it's national debt in two countries looking for WMD &amp; OBL. Both of which could have been done with a few strategic air strikes, drones and special ops. Can't wait to see the bill for the total costs when they catch up with veterans benefits. Could have put this money into jobs training, education and urban renewal at HOME!

Cap credit cards at 10 % interest and people will spend money again...

Check out the pension plans of ALL elected and appointed officials of EVERY city or county for the last 25 years. You will see where the problem is. Some recieve pensions like 80-90% of their salary yet they want to take from union city employees, cut city services and cut protection. A union pension is like 40% and barely makes end meet nowadays. Pensions for officials in some cases take minimal time on job to qualify. Blaming the union is a republiCON deflection tactic to defer attention to where the REAL problem is.

When I grew up not far from Detroit it was one of the GREAT cities of the WORLD!!! It deeply saddens me to see its current state! The racial demographics have not changed since then and to say Detroit's " financial woes have been caused in part by the segregation of minorities and poor people" is a RACIST and unfounded statement. Detroit's demise is the result of corrupt politicians pure and simple.

Detroit Suburbs The Grosse Pointes were the KING of racially restrictive Covenants that LITERALLY BARRED Blacks from living in those cities!Try and deny it, racists! Detroit was and still is one of the most RACIALLY sgregated Metropolitan areas in America- because of HOUSING DISCRIMINATION perpetrated by WHITES, not Blacks! Got it?You white folk must be out of your minds. Prostate Cancer brought Uncle Ben closer to God. Millions of African Americans get up everyday and go to work and raise their families just like some of you white folk. Detroit lost the Auto Industry and some of its suppliers like many small cities around the country. In North Carolina many so-called Moral white folk scare each other to death with the possibility of being blow to kingdom come from the local neighborhood Meth Houses. Before many of you caucasians apply for sainthood, your halo is tarnished as well!!

That's because they take all the monies and redistribute it to the cities with more white people live. This is the reason why it's considered racist and it stinks to high heaven. It's like what the republicans do when they do redistrcting for rigging the votes.

Don't forget the DRUGS planted in these cities by people  with money to make money.

They are a lot of poor folks all over this country who are getting their share of government assistance. Even the big boys in Washington (planes and train). Pray one day we might all wake up and realize the color is "Green". Get out and travel around America, see what's really out there.

More people went to Michigan because welfare was higher then in most other states. A friend of mine who is white which does not matter, told me when she was in Tennessee that she was going back to Michigan because of higher welfare, so they get what the stated wanted.

He said that they tend to allocate less resources to minority communities, therefore they tend to see less economic growth.

Duh, some one being honest?  But trust me, it is a problem that will not be fixed.  The politicians will continue to funnel the money to corporations, banks and hedge fund managers who make big money running charter schools, prisons and hospitals.

Act like you dont know if you want to. I can break it down for you ignant mu tha #$%$ as.GM leaves to 3rd World Country businesses leave the area jobs get lost, people go broke, doesent matter whos (what nationality) is running the city its called social engineering, and it happens every day in every major city with the predominatly so called majority minority (black/brown) cities.nuff said.

its called corporate slime..these once huge automakers have shifted jobs to #$%$ and mexicans and now there are no jobs left in detroit..hey dumbo americans quit buying these new cars then,let gm and ford go under i could give a rats #$%$..

It's wacism, it's wacism! Waaaaah!! Waaaaahhhh!!!!!!Its economic planning in that local area that needs attention minority racism goes out the window the minute you mention poor that means business's that will improve on large scales the areas economy should be encouraged to build in these areas.

A house Divided Cannot Stand!

I find this article funny because both side who agree or disagree are getting played by the media and the people who control our society .theres always some new bull shhhh reason for new laws each party contribute to in our society these days tools come in all colors .onlyba person with common sense can realize what type of pot the media is stirring up.these days its not even about the color of your skin.its about keeping people gossiping with bias opinions whil they plot and focus on the real agenda like a snake in the grass

doesnt matter is theres 300 million whites in an are or a family of 5, it's all their fault because they are the majority.  Wake up and smell the coffee white man.

Blacks have alway been the lowest paid no matter what your educational level is, the whites will always make more money. Put blacks together in large groups and then explain how they can financially keep anything afloat ? They dont make a decent wage ??? HELLO !!!!!