Crime must be running rampant in New York. All we're hearing are plans to keep smokers and obese people safe from themselves.  Now if they could do the same with Thugs and crooked Politicos New York would be a nice place.

Yeah, Ken I live in NYC.. NOTI'm in Dallas, and you have your head up your butt.

I don't even understand why they would care at this point.... people are not going to stop smoking just because they are not visible on the shelf anymore than they are going to stop looking at girly magazines because they are not vivible on the shelf..... Somebody is bored out of their mind to think this up....

Quit paying tobacco taxes and see what the mayor does.

Someone should kick Doomberg in the groin.

I'm sure smokers will quit smoking beause they won't see the cigarettes.

Seems some can't wait to kill this tax earning cash cow.

I hear bloomie's campaign theme song was written by Tears For Fears.What's he compensating for, a small .....?????

Since few criminals work and pay taxes, NY decides to make working and taxpaying citizens criminals, because they can afford to pay welfare for the criminals who don't work and pay taxes.

Hell we all are gong to die of something just pick your poison.

He should cut down on the size of sandwiches in all the jewish deli's! LOLIs there no end to this megalomaniac's power trip??? "Nanny state" continues...

ANOTHER ATTEMPT by the gate keeper of all conscience and the Emperor of NYC to control people's lives.

"...big increase in the state cigarette tax" OK, so Bloomberg wins. People buy fewer cigarettes. So, how will the state make up for the lost revenue?

Good luck with that. Bloomberg is out of control. Next he will be telling the NYC residents what time of the day they can take krap and urinate because he will be closing down public restrooms to save on water, lighting, and toilet paper. Ridiculous!

un "f" ing believable

Low income smokers have rights too!  they should be able to buy their cigs if they want to and use a coupon to boot.  If they do pull the smokes from those shelves maybe they can put the rubbers and the energy shots there instead.  Nobody will be thinking of smoking then.

Welcome to Moscow.

NUTS!!  So you hide out of sight but the smoker knows you have them and have to sell.When is Bloomberg term up?? One looney tune of a person.I agree with Just Gotta Say Take care of more important things to use your energy on.

I find it very hard to believe he has the peoples interest at heart. Not sure why he is trying to ban everything, but I see no sincere motive either.

Im certainly happy I don't live in New York Bloomberg must be trying to follow Obama and is getting ready for a run for the White House. Talk about a Nanny state this fellow is a little off his rocker.What do you suppose he will want to get rid of next?The king syndrome is alive and well in NYC.

Another example of the totalitarian streak in liberalism. Take away Bloomies cheese - dairy is fattening. Meddling idiots.

Bring Back RUDY!

You know, in Utah bars, the bartender has to go behind a screen to pour the drinks.I'll bet Bloomturd would think that was ridiculous, but not this......which is the same thing.If you don't want kids to smoke, you have to get the ADULTS around them to not smoke.  But no, the Dems prefer to let the horse out of the barn and THEN try to get him back in.....

There is no big tobacco company conspiracy to place the cigarettes behind the cash registers in convenience stores.  They are there because cigarettes are among the most popular items sold by these stores and it is handy to have them there.  Cigarettes are unhealthy but I am so sick of government getting into every aspect of our lives.  Government should stick to the basics and stop acting like your mama.

Our own President smokes, cant seem to quit yet seems obligated to control our health. Politicians are hypocrites of the worst kind. Just from their sex lives: The lawmakers who preach loudest about chastity and waiting until marriage to have kids are often the ones who later get caught using prostitutes or cheating on their wives with women half their age or underage. The creed may switch from sex to junk food but the hypocrisy is still there. Mayor Bloomberg's banned trans fats, pressure companies to cut salt, and mandated public calorie counts at restaurants, set soft drink size. But the harder he presses, the more he’s outed. Caught salting pizza and bagels, even having a salt shaker when he orders popcorn. He drinks three or four cups of coffee a day and has smoked for years. US Senator Mike Crapo, was pulled over for driving under the influence despite being a Mormon. John Ensign who proposed banning same sex marriage being caught in a fling with a staff member. New York Representative, Charlie Rangel was censured for failure to pay federal taxes while accosting others for not paying federal taxes. Paul Ryan slammed Obama's stimulus spending; didn't stop him from earmarking $700,000 for a transit center in his hometown. Michele Bachmann personally benefits from federal farm subsidies for land she owns but doesn't even farm. Al Gore for living in a home that consumes 20x more power than the average American while telling other American's they must make drastic reductions in the way they live. Larry Craig despite being an opponent to same-sex marriage later caught soliciting in a airport men's room. Eliot Spitzer caught using the services of a $1,000 an hour prostitute. Despite being a firm pro-lifer, Tennessee Representative Scott DesJarlais was revealed to have had sex with a patient when he was a practicing physician and urged the girl to get an abortion afterwards and later urged his then wife to do the same.

NYC caters to the elites as can be seen from the laws they (like) to pass:gun laws, drinks and smoke laws. These laws, if passed, add a heavy burdenon the little guy and small businesses.

my store mayor kiss my #$%$

Mayor Jewberg of NY must not have anything to do with running the city! He should just hook up with Moochelle and close all the liquor sto's in black neighborhoods next!

this fool never gives up  he really thinks he is important lolWow.  I feel really bad.  I strive to stay current on what's going on in our country, but I apparently missed a HUGE memo.  I did not realize that Mikey Bloombutt and New Jerk City had been put in charge of everyone's health.  I guess I need to send him an e-mail and tell him.........  to go #$%$ himself.

NYC: your mayor needs a psych evaluation.  What an embarrassment to our Union.

Is this another "look what I'm doing for you" moment typical of those in power who, while powerless to control the big problems, pick and pile up the small stuff of meaningless accomplishments?  Makes me think he's got his sights set on Washington, DC.

Thank God I do not live in NYC, otherwise I'd have to kill myself with oversized sodas and smokes. You people have a moroon  for a mayor.

I can't imagine asking the store clerk for a bag of ranch Doritos because they moved them behind the counter

i agree with JUST GOTTA SAY,I am getting very tired of others trying to get involved in my life. If it is legal to buy them why would anyone care what I choose to do in my life. I started smokin at 13 years of age and 51 years later every one wants to tell me what I should do in my life. Last time I heard it is still a free country. What I see is that you want the taxes on them, but you want to be little me for smoking. I say to all of you butt out, as long as it is legal to purchase them I will use them. Another thought, lets check all these people walking around with their drinking problems. Half have a pickled liver so do not look down your long noses at any of us smokers.  This is Smoking Jim

#$%$ like this is what makes americans hate government! Thye want the revenue from the taxes but want the clerks to hide any evidence of the cigarettes. Might as well make them hide the LEGAL products in the back room and make the customers remember the secret password before they can make a purchase! What a friggin joke!!

It's not NYC, it's our crazy republican mayor Bloomberg.

Mao Bloomberg thinks his billions allows him to take personal sovereignty away from individuals and the right to fair trade away from U.S. corporations, both of whom pay exorbitant taxes in King Bloomie's elitist state. Liberal statists, in their zest to create Utopias designed solely by Him, do nothing but harm our individual freedoms and right of choice. Protest this clown. Vote him out of office, or run him out of town before he takes Manhattan down.

i'm a smoker and can't believe the damm things get the best of me and I wish they'd just ban the things knowing they kill people. To think that someone that smokes is turned down for health insurance but they'll sell them to kill you.  the addiction to cigarettes is worse then any addiction anyone could have.  it's a love hate relationship and a monkey on our back.  why do we have them at all.  that's my question....once it was known the damage they do why do we still have them...to torture people I guess. it's just the reality for all those addicted to the #$%$.This is not a new idea Nazi Germany did this back in the 1930's and 1940's.

Bloomberg needs to get off his high horse, No big drinks, no smoking, no showing of cigs in view. What the hell is wrong with this country. You can drink, drive drunk, smoke mar, ( smoking is smoking is it not) but if you smoke your insurance goes up, but not if you are obese, your insurance goes up if your Middle class and work, but you can get it free if you stay home, smoke pot, and not pay any taxes. This is crazy.

Bloomberg is on a rampage!

Hide the rubbers too.....cause people are having too much sex.

In other news, NYC becomes a ghost town.

IF?, NYC is really concerned about clean air, and health of the people. For a starter, how much of the City Equipment is Electric, Horse, or peddle powered?

Someone please tell me what country I live in? I thought it was The United States of America. The land of the free and the home of the brave.

F this Jew!!!!!!

They should use that prime space to sell marijuana products. They'd make alot more money.

Nanny state is quickly becoming the standard. Watch out what will be controlled next, and it will be you and where you can travel and what you can say or write and who you can associate with. Time to get your visas to travel to Ohio.Is Bloomberg's first name "Hitler" of maybe a close relative.Though I do agree control needs to be made on cigs and large fat drinks but doesn't he have better things to do.

More Stupid Laws. Thats What The People Need.Its Pretty Clear Its All Out Of Control.

It really is a shame that NY cannot control drugs, drinking, crime and other things that make certain parts not safe.  So, they decide to go after people who eat, drink sodas, and smoke?  What is next? Are they going to raise taxes on diapers because their population is getting to high?

Smokers are the Devil! Just kidding.

this is just stupid

IN OUR FREE COUNTRY

Shouldn't Bloomberg also be standing in front of all of the bars &amp; warning drunks about the dangers of falling down, warning the "johns" about getting clap from the #$%$, or standing in the rain, warning pedestrians about possibly catching cold from getting wet ?There MAY be a random few people that are too damn dumb to know that huge drinks &amp; smoking are bad for ya, BUT, it's still they're right to be stupid, if they choose. IF I buy a soda, or smoke a cig, it's because I CHOSE TO DO IT.

Once again the dictator Bloomberg wants to force more useless government rules on us. Why doesn't he just focus on something like creating jobs or cutting crime?

Ban tobacco completely!

"Tom Briant, executive director of the National Association of Tobacco Outlets, said it would cost around $2,500 for the average business to buy the display cases needed to comply with the law."Since the tobacco companies are already shelling out enormous sums of cash for the right to display their merchandise in the best spot, they can then also, since it will be the law, provide the money/equipment to continue to display their merchandise at all -- it shouldn't be the responsibility of any merchant to have to pay extra to continue selling a product that the law has deemed unsafe, unnecessary, and unsightly (along with unhealthy, smelly, etc.).First the Super sized drinks now he is going after smokers. Who is next?The city have bigger problems than that I'm sure.

Surely these New Yorkers are not that stupid...the next election how bout injecting some southern common sense and vote those  liberal thugs out and take back your city and state from them!!!

I wonder why Bloomberg doesn't try to ban alcohol in new york.  That causes more health and social problems than cigarettes.If a good socialist REALLY cares for people, why not ban that?

Do not blame the Jews, he is just am idiot.

comeing soon "socialist states" of america wake up people

Stop smoking tobacco!! Vape!!! Vaping saved me from a horrible thing. I am still addicted to nicotine but am not breathing in the four thousand or so other toxic things in tobacco smoke.

What you simpletons don't understand is that middle class people wind up footing the healthcare bill for obese diabetics and cancer ridden smokers. That is the rationale for efforts to curtail excessive consumption of sugar laden drinks and cigarettes.

To help stopping smoking, raise the price to $50.00 per pack.

The Government should look at the medical and social cost of using tobacco and levy taxes accordingly.  Non-smokers health insurance dollars shouldn't be used to pay for the health claims of smokers it should be carried by the manufacturer and retailers.  This type of damage has been assessed in almost every other case to the causing party.  The knowledge and statistics are available for an accurate assessment.  Tobacco- Nicotine is a very addicting drug and quite often leads to major health problems and the rest of the population shouldn't pay for the addict.  Same with any product (alcohol) user problem, the manufacturer distributors should carry the costs.