No one is guaranteed a 100% total healthy, long life. It's part of being born, aging and dying. We all should just focus on enjoying our time and living to the best of our ability and hope for the best, mentally, physically and know when it our time, we have no regrets.

I will turn 75 next month and I need to share something with the seniors out there, because i have had friends that lost a lot of mental ability and died shortly after that, everytime I forget something, and I have always forgotten things, have always needed reminders, or misplace something, and I have always put things aways and forgotten where I put them only to find them in the last place I look, because i quit looking when I find it, but now when this , common to me , thing happens my first thought is my goodness it is my turn.I live alone with a little dog, that thinks it is a great dane, and rules the house, But him and I like cookies.  I purchased a package of cookies and they were disappearing,  and I could not remember giving them to him or eating them I really thought oh my alz is here,  One day I was in the other room and heard a noise and went quietly to check on it, the dang dog was getting himself a few cookies, stacked them neatly, picked them up and headed for his corner of the couch.  That brought me up short real quick, who taught him, not me but maybe I should look for an animal trainer ghost because he had me really wondering about my mental state.Truly though I think that a lot of the mental problems of the aging people I know is the amount of drugs they are taking.  The side effects are worse than the things they cure.  I take one aspirn and B12 and I am good to go.  I have aches and pains but not enough to take something that says side effects are worse than what I already got.  Becareful what they are prescribing for you and ask the druggist.  A good trusted druggist knows more about the meds than your doctor does.  Your doctor knows what the drug companies tell you, the druggist knows EVERYTHING  about a drug, the good, the bad, the ugly, they are more educated, under paid, under appreciated specialist.

Getting old is not for sissies.

It's miserable to go through this with someone you care about. It's a shame that instead of rewards for reaching the Golden Age, so many are plagued with such confusion.

Nobody wants to live to be 98.....unless you're  97.

The scary thing is the other 2/3rds are trying to run the country with dementia

Let the drug companies start dealing with this and knock off the testosterone, prostate, and Viagra-type drugs that add nothing to the value of 1/2 the population.

Think about this when you look at all the moldy old bas****ds in Congress. One 6 year term limit, Folks.

I stood by and felt so helpless watching this slowly destroy my mother. To see a once strong, intelligent, witty/funny and loving mom of three of us being reduced to a broken soul who had to be bathed, diapers changed, fed etc., was an agony I wouldn't want anyone to ever endure. One side of me hated the thoughts of losing mom, but the other wanted that all to end. When she passed recently, it was a mixed bag. I lost mom, but at last, mom was free and not enduring thay any longer. For those of you who have loved ones enduring this, my thoughts are with you.

When you're young your're bulletproof. When you're old you're bullet ridden.Scary things and related to drugs we get and food we eat, IMHO. The rest of the world has much lower %% of dementia. Why?

People think they will live forever and Boomers think 60 is the new 30.  Too bad nature still thinks 60 is 60 and the longer you live the less you'll enjoy it.

There should be more family support. It is way cheaper in the long run to keep someone at home with supports, even twenty four hour supports, than it is to place them in a nursing home. If Medicaid would pay for this, they would recoup money over time with the savings. Even Medicare only pays for home care with a doctor's order, and it can't be a standing order.My dad has been in a nursing home for going on five years now. He's physically healthy, just mentally gone. And he is really only in the late mid stage of the disease. He can still do some of his own personal care and he isn't incontinent yet. He could last another five years like this. It's sad. If I could have him at home with caregivers I'd do it. I can't afford it and Medicaid won't pay for it. His savings are long gone.Middle class people can't even afford to die.

Unfortunately folks are living longer with improved medicine, but the quality of life the last year is poor in most cases.

Does this also mean 1 in 3 members of the senate have demetia?

I wonder if they're including the folks whose mind finally starts doing funny things in the day or two before they die... which would be the normal course as one lays dying...

So people are living longer and thus likely to die of more than one or two old age related  diseases?  Sounds pretty logical.

If I get Alzheimer's, please put me out of my misery.  The person who once lived in this body is long gone at that point.

Thank the religious not jobs for insisting that promising stem cell research be banned even though those cells were going into the garbage anyway. Maybe you can bill the churches for your relatives' decades of nursing home care since they get $71 BILLION in tax exemptions even though they illegally lobby.

The other two were accidentally ran over by the first one?that explains why so many senators are out of touch, old with dementia.

Breaking News:  9 out of 10 seniors die of losing their health.  I leave the "1" for all other causes.  People get old and they die.  Dementia is as old as Mankind.  Due to health advances, more people are experiencing it.  The last thing we need on this planet are millions of Centenarians wearing diapers.  Just because we entered this world pooping in our pants does not mean we must exit the same way.  The key here is "Dying with dignity and respect".  I want no one to have to clean my butt for me!!!!!

We all are going to die of something......

alzheimers, it's unstopable dispite the hype and billions are being made by big pharma, trying to convince you there is..there is no cure, there is no prevention, i watched my mom go 2 yrs ago, we nursed and cared for her in the home 7 years before she passed, not a pretty site, stop the hype, quit lying media....if you can name one person who has been cured, i'll change my tone but you can't.

It seems to me that we're reaching the upper limits of our design constraints.

1 in 3 dies with Dementia....the other 2 dies from hopelessness, misery and discouragement from being betrayed by their government....

Chances of dying with or without a health problem. is 100%

Yep, I used to joke about old-timers disease too, just like some of you are doing. Now i'm 64 and my oldest brother is 70. It is the most devistating disease I can think of, not just for you but extreamly difficult for your family. It's a very slow death. I hope some of you younger people will stop joking about it and find a cure, It's up to your generation. Please.

elderley people are golden.. anyone able to survive this crazy world into 80 or 90 deserves a special place and special care.. in this world coming up living past 40 is beginning to be the limit the medicines and side affects  and bad food is making our life span much shorter than those who are much older than us.. they lived a better life and took better care of themselves and did not ever believe the Govt...

I swear I thought that said "1 in 3 Senators dies with dementia."Of course the elder have problems this day and age. Just look at the f'ked up country they now live in...................

most young people could never handle the life that some seniors had to endure they live longer now because to them life is easier and nothing like it was. seniors were stronger mentally and physically than the young are today. our generation of seniors may be the last one so if your a senior enjoy everyday and pray for our young people...

I have seen some comments on here about treating the seniors poorly at stores and in public. but im a senior and I really have been treated so much better since im a senior most of people in stores do not ignore me and are very nice. most young people treat seniors with respect at least all those I have been around...

I had a comment but...................................................

Im turning 70 this yr. and it amazes me that my children in thier 40's still come to me to remember things.. I have to remind them all what they did with things. when they have appointments when to change oil and do taxes before time runs out.. and they are constantly asking where things are and do i remember where they put them.. so I worry more about the young ones in the fast lane who just cant focus...

I remember watching Byrd "strut" through the sub-basement corridors of the Capital building.  He walked like a crane...  hair never moving...  clearly oblivious to those around him....

I can't remember whether I have dimentia or not.

Years ago, the State of Vermont started a "pilot" program for home health care.  Relatives could be paid to be home health care aides instead of hiring outsiders.  It allowed the elderly to remain in their homes.  Moving the elderly to unfamiliar surroundings can be so traumatic it speeds the progress of Alzheimer's.  On average, a family member or members receiving payment to care for a patient (under the supervision of visiting nurses and the patient's doctor) costs $12,000 a year less than putting that patient in a nursing home.  It takes a lot of strength to care for a declining parent or grandparent at home, but the emotional rewards are worth it, knowing that you have helped your relative stay at home, surrounded by their loved ones and their "things" makes it easier to let him or her go when the time comes.

When I first noticed the headline I thought it said "senators" instead of "seniors". LOL

I've got my own approach to aging and dementia.  I'm going to get back into sky diving as I get older.  Regular scheduled jumps at least once a month.  If dementia begins taking me down, it's only a matter of time before I forget something important......This country needs a shift in mindset.  We need to start focusing on PREVENTION... not treatment.  It's much cheaper to stay healthy than it is to fix unhealthy.

When did doctors and scientists get the idea that people should never die? Where are all the 100 year olds going to work? Nations are broke now so theres no way they can support an even larger geriatric population.

I hope to go out before it kicks in.

I might have dementia......but at least I don't have dementia!!

another thing skewing the stats are many older people can have dementia and not know it. I know of an example where the PCP swore up and down there was NO dementia and a brain scan showed there were multiple previous strokes and indeed the patient suffered from advanced stroke induced dementia.

Eat well and exercise - maybe won't help you but sure won't hurt!

I clicked on this story and I can't remember why?

The body is wearing out and the mind is part of the body.  People die with lots of problems, most of which they would not die of.

If you think about all other stuff you can die from, cancer, car accident, getting hit by a meteroite... then you face dimentia... it's not easy getting old. Better find a cure cuz I'm running out of time. LOL.

can't remember what I was going to say.....Been seeing it for years from harry ried, nancy pelosi, hilliary, ted kennedy, biden, and so on.  They can't be normal, gotta be dementia, they can't be that stupid.

Thats because these are the elderly that burned their minds out worrying what the Government will do to them next..Robbed,Lied toneglectedlied to againRobbed again..Yea....  I can see where the brain would just go to a happy place and stay there..When you think about it,  Dementia is like being a liberal with poor motor skills...

I wish I could write a living will to have myself euthanized should I get Alzheimer's to where I do not recognize my family. Senseless to be a burden when you are in that state.

Dementia is a broad term, I am 51, stress from finances, family death, floods. I have seen changes in my own thinking, memory, etc...what the hall does anyone expect by 70 or 80?

With toilets that flush themselves, cars that parallel park themselves, GPS devices to do our thinking for us, calculators to do basic math, etc. etc. etc., the incidence of dementia and Alzheimer's is literally going to skyrocket in coming generations. Very few of us see what's coming, but coming it is. We're fixated on physical exercise and nutrition while completely ignoring mental exercise and consuming junk information left and right.

This explains the actions of some of the members of the supreme court.

gotta love US for-profit healthcare which has limits on age and income and preventive measures  Universal healthcare for all.

The poisons we're sold that are in our foods turn us into obese couch potatoes...we then need more &amp; more medications as we age (if we don't die of stroke, cancer or heart attack)...then we lose our minds in the climax of all the poisons in food, our decades of medications, as the frito lay's, pepsi corp's, bayer's, pfizer's, roche's, all of their lobbyists and all the rest of these biopharma &amp; agrobiusiness conglomerates make trillions in this pervasive, cyclical, multi-tiered destruction of people for profits, that is like a runaway freight train heading down a mountainside.

Sounds like this data was compiled from studying Congress.

Eat less and you will be fine. Especially mind what you eat ok?My Grandfather died with this as well. He had to have his Honeycombs every single morning. Go fiigure!

When dementia kicks in. Is life even worth living ??  If I no longer know who I am or where I am does it really matter if I'm still breathing ?  I surely wouldn't want to live such a life !!  It would be a signed DNR for me !

Yes, keep us alive even tho we don't remember or see anything

Doctors give out pills like it candy. 380,000 in the last 14 years, but would I be here without them. NO!   We will look back at this time in the country like we do at the roaring 20's and beer.Four of the drugs I had been taking are not sold anymore, other don't work anymore because my body got used to them, or I have to take more of them.I have been very lucky, good doctors, good insurance ( it has gone up!) and we moved near the hospital. But I am only here because my wife (RN) asked the doctors question and more questions, and has every lab test faxed to our house. Do your homework if your sick!!!Also, stay out of bed, you have to move and think of anything other than being sick.Only doctors call it the golden years$

My mom is 96, almost 97, and has had alzheimers for a few years now. Hers is the form that came from a number of mini strokes. Before she was put into a nursing home she would forget to take medications, eat, etc. The first nursing home was not equipped to deal with her wandering off, so she went into one where they have an ankle monitor on her that sets off an alarm if she goes out a door. They take really good care of her there, and make sure she takes her medication, and eats, though she does have trouble swallowing. I am 2 states away from her, but my sister visits her often and I get occasional reports.She used to be a superwoman. It is hard to see her in this condition after knowing how all powerful she was in her younger days.

Really? when you get old your mind goes along with your body, hmmmm, I could have told you this without any governmental study. I don't know anyone who gets out alive. Heart attack, cancer, stroke, diabeties all kill, we knew that also.

I was just discharged from a skilled nursing facility.I was there because I recieved an infection in the operating room and needed wound care and IV antibiodics but the floor above me was full (and flowing down to the lower floor) of seniors with dementia.These people were either parked in a circle (in their wheel chairs) around a TV or they wanted to sit in their chair in the halls.Seeing how my own end would probably come was both terrifying and heartbreaking

And the Medical Industry, and Pharmaceutical Industry make an unadulterated fortune.

"Report: 1 in 3 senators lives with dementia."There, that is more like it.

Just in! 1 in 1 seniors will die in the future!When I must go, I want to die peacefully in my sleep. like my grandfather.  Not screaming and yelling...like all the passengers in his car.  -unknown

I'm kind of old but there's nodfho hdudil ufifo wrong with dh;hd;87e me. Where am I ?

And the purpose of this article?

"Cause they're getting older and medicine has made great strides in eliminating all the former killers of the aged i.e. cancer, heart disease etc.  We are still mortal,  I will welcome the disease if it comes my way.  It will mean I have avoided all other illnesses and can continue to post nonsense on this site.

If you want to help avoid this fate, avoid aspertame products at all cost.  Sugar is also a culprit.  I worked in a facility with Alz patients and it is a horrible way to die.

My boss dumped the Alzheimers project I was part of right after the grants went flat, not because it wasn't producing good results, but because grant reviewers want drug screens, not mechanisms. But from seeing that work, though my question has nothing to do with our results, I always wondered if enzymes could be used to process the protiens to prevent brain damage from tangles etc. instead of traditional drug screenings, why couldn't an enzymatic screening be done to see which enzymes break down these protiens and whether it would be effective or safe to use in humans? I would love to see a bright scientist go against the flow and take a chance on such a theory, though it would be heavily criticized.

You're not old until your heart get wrinkles....

i forgot what i was going to say..

This explains why congress is so confused.

I think the health care people providing care further their demise much more than this article would have you believe.What? Huh?

want to help find cures?  see 'world community grid' and 'folding at home'.  both are nonprofit science that let your computer help!  yes you can still surf the internet and all the rest at the same time  :)

As a "senior" (67) I can readily see why my generation has signs of dementia.  If only to get away from the reality that is being shown in all of our media (print, TV, other) why wouldn't it be better to be "out of it" rather then having to face it.  It is no wonder that people in their 20s and 30s are not showing similar symptoms given the barrage of lies, half truths, and just plain BS that they have had to face all of their lives.  At least us old folks know what truth is, the kids today don't have that luxury.

You have to die of something. They get to an age where they can hide their own Easter Eggs.

Dementia is not the worst thing these poor folks face. No, the worst thing is that their bodies fail them, their minds fail them, their families say:  DO EVERYTHING you can to save grandma.  Grandma gets the best of EVERYTHING.  So there lays grandma, 95 years old.  Heart beating out of sync.  Lungs full up with fluid. She's blind.  She can't hear worth a damn. She can't feed herself. She spits out whatever she is given. But by golly, we're gonna do EVERYTHING we can to save her!   Get out that vent!!  Call in the specialist!  If she DIES we will SUE you for everything you have!  We will own this hospital!  And medicare pays $500 instead of $50,000.  And that's that. Poor little old things suffer horrible in their last months.  All because their families won't let them go.

If you can not learn to eat no more than once in a day and keep it to natural veggies, which are preferably raw, then this may be the outcome. 90+ percent of you will not do that anyway, and in many cases you can not. Sorry!

If dementia is my fate, I hope that assisted suicide is available in my state by then. There's no point in making my loved ones suffer through such a decline.

"...13.8 million by 2050."I'll be in my nineties by then and most likely wearing diapers, drooling all over myself, and talking babble...pretty much like the way I came into the world.  It’s one of the true ironies in life.

I'm pretty convinced that the drugs prescribed by her doctors contributed to my mother's vascular dementia. That and she drank vast quantities of diet coke.Mom had vascular dementia and my dad has Alzheimers. The difference is that vascular dementia is a lot quicker.

It all makes me want to start eating red meat again, to spend more at the vending machine on my overnight shift on unhealthy pastries and to stop walking a half hour every other day.I'd rather die with my full mind at 70 due to heart disease than live to 85 and become demented. As is, at 56, I'm still engaging my mind and live a healthier lifestyle, though I could afford to lose 20 lbs.If I ever became so confused I don't know where my Kindle is and don't remember how Abelard treated universals (but did he really love Heloise?) then I'd worry. If I ever forgot why I agree with C.S. Lewis on T. S. Eliot (despite the fact that Eliot is a great poet and Lewis a failed poet) then I'd book a vacation to the Heart Attack Grill.If I ever became so confused that I don't appreciate the true purpose of "Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God" is not to condemn but to bring others to a greater awakening, then I might as well finish off a whole bag of chocolate mini donuts a pint of chocolate whole milk followed by an ice cream sundae and four cups of french roast (yes the plank in my own eye is gluttony, though I'm "only" 20 lbs into obesity cause I walk everywhere).Back in my hippie morphing into punk days, I remember a line from a Sparks song "looks, looks, looks, which is why you depend on books". I always knew my looks were below average and would only get worse, but I just can't live without the imagination, the intellect and the use of reason. I love great books and great ideas.Which is why I'd almost rather risk a heart attack then to take a chance on dementia.John McCain is one example.

I believe obamacare will address this issue by eliminating all old people.  Then all you young liberals can enjoy the world you will create, at least until you become old, whatever age that is determined to be by your government.

I don't think I ha

Welcome to the age of big pharma!

My mother had demtia/alhz. What helped for a couple of years was trying to maintain her social activities and the gym. But it only helped for like 6 years but I am happy for those 6 years I was able to share with her.

I don't fear death, I fear dying. To lose my mind would be my living well with an h.

My grandmother had dementia and the last few years were tough, by the end she couldn't remember anybody except my mom and my uncles

My wife and I just signed up for Long Term Care... not cheap, but...

My 102 yr old grandmother told me don't get old I wish I had a choice

It makes sense that Alzheimer's eventually leads to death. What if dementia wasn't the main symptom? Is it possible that are other neuorlogical symptoms? Who says that deppression isn't a symptom?My grandmother who has Alzheimer's is often depressed and has told me that she doesn't feel like living anymore. Is it possible that we can drive ourselves into such a deppressive state that even our bodies eventually give up? It's possible. Psychological and physical are certainly connected.Brush your teeth with flouride?

Let's face it, the human body was only designed to live to about 50. Unnaturally extending our lives to 70 or 80+ is going to give us these issues regardlessly.

Dementia also afflicts 9 of 10 Congressmen.

I worked in a nursing home, and watched my Grandfather degenerate this way.People better wake up, start eating less, and start eating healthy if they want to have a long FRUITFUL life ! Please pardon all puns;）

This report is only the tip of the iceberg.  The epidemic that is dementia and Alzheimer's makes AIDS look like a localized case of a head cold.  Exponentially more people are and will be affected by Alzheimer's that AIDS.  If we put so much energy into AIDS research and prevention why can't we do the same for this far bigger problem.  The above isn't meant as an anti-AIDS research thing, just using AIDS research as a comparison.  Same could be done comparing amount of money and effort put into Alzheimer's research as to Cancer or Heart Disease research.

We keep extending life, but what quality of life?  Struldbrugs.

I was going to post something here but I forgot what I was going to say...

This is what we have to look forward to? Big Pharma laughs at us all.

Interesting numbers, but nothing can be done against it either. If it happens it happens.

3 in 3 die with their brains washed by American's distorted view of reality.living too long.

It's all George Bush's fault, dementia is caused by global warming and the white nerve tissue in the cerebellum is racist.

Is this only in DC or does it also effect state politicians as well?

Alzheimer's disease and other types of dementia are not natural. They are side effects of Liberals at the wheel of our future. Pedal to the metal baby and who gives a dam attitude.

Once you are considered a "senior citizen", it is much harder to get appointments for health check ups, you get the run around when shopping for anything. Some look at you as though you don't know what you are talking about..and there is quite a list as how this so called government cares.

These diseases are as old as man.  The problem is we are living longer.  The young do not respect their elders, let alone want to deal with it.  There is allot of information out there, but we are a society obsessed with being young and not valuing the wisdom and contributions these people still have to offer.  Until we as a society really value all life and what they have to offer, nothing will change. We have the money and resources, but we would rather waste in on frivolous things.  Our government is a great example of that.  When our values change and we see the benefit to finding the solution, then we will find the cure/answer.  Until then Baby Boomers lead.  We have done so much for our society, now show them how it's done.

barry says all American people can agree, ban old people, obama care will do precisely that

This is the result of all the toxic #$%$ companies put in our food, water, and pump into the air.

We spend billions and billions on missions to Mars, finding the "God particle", and making our phones read our minds.  Yet we watch human after human die from starvation, lack of medical care and shelter, and diseases like dementia on a daily basis. We have failed big time.

Ah, the miracle of modern medicine. People live longer, but their quality of life sucks. Thanks, doctors, we hope you enjoy all the $$ you're making. Personally, if I make it to 70 or so, I'm outta here. By my own hand.Must be liberals.

At least with dimensia, you don't realize that you are drooling on your chest.

Bottom line? CRANK UP THE DEATH PANELS!

Spend the aid money we send to countries at hate on Alzheimer's research. At least get some good out of our investment...!

personal choice far as I can see. I mean you can choose to eat real, organic, food, and not take their staple drugs. It is your choice in my opinion. I wonder how many agree.....LOL!

My Dad was diagnosed with dementia about 2 years ago. For those making jokes her (AEN)...I hope you or your family don't have to go through this sad disease.

That's way they still vote Straight Ticket Republican.

Majority of the senators serving in congress have dementia !

We just celebrated my mother's 82nd birthday; she has dementia and diabetes; neither of which runs in our family and neither of which she had until she began using a Statin drug for her heart disease ( known side effects of the drug are both the above listed conditions, and more).This article didn't state anything about causality, but I believe a LOT of this dementia is caused by medication.Fortunately, she is able to remain at home and she has a terrific attitude about her memory loss: she laughs it off! Although she forgets who I am, and that can be sad, I am mostly happy that she isn't confused to the point of being frightened and isolated: my biggest concern is that she understands that she is loved and cared for and happy.

I have read Indians (from India) have low incidence of Alzheimer's Disease.  If true, we need to study this more.  Just in case it is, I have started including Indian spices in my diet.  I am suspicious of the many drugs we take in Western countries  as well as the fake food we're getting from food "manufacturers".  More stress could be involved as well.9 out of 10 in Congress suffer from Dementia.

The other 2 live with it.  Terrible affliction.  My mother, aunt and brother-in-law had it and it was painful to see the effects over the several last years of their lives.  I am almost 73 and try to keep my mind challenged, but that is no guarantee.  We longer life expectancy, frequency of these diseases will be more prevalent.

brilliant reporting......also, new study shows that 3 out of 3 old people are old

Getting old really sucks and, as my husbands caregiver, I don't think another medication for him to try to remember to take would solve the problems of dementia.  It is getting to the point in medical science that the people are just 'test monkeys' for the pharmaceutical companies anyway.  Just watch the ads for some of meds on TV.....'don't take is you have etc, etc, etc'.  It is frightening.

Prolonging a loved one's life is not always the right thing to do.  Advances in medicine are fantastic but at the same time giving many a false reality that an elderly loved one should live until you turn off the machines. Let us die with dignity and on nature's terms not science.

1 in 3 seniors die from dementia?  Is that before or after graduation?

They have cures for most diseases, but our government, drug compaines, and health care  industry will never let it be know, unless their's a benefit to them, they make two much profit off diseases and it keeps the population down and the government don't want you to live past 70 so they don't have to pay social security. Most old people that go into the hospital die from Pneumonia or flu. Meth cures a number of lung diseases, if used as a breathing treatment. Use no more then three times, is all it takes, inhale about 8 to 10 times per treatment and i guarantee you after your third treatment you will be cured, it will knock the common cold out usually the first breathing treatment. Iam not condoning the use of Meth its a highly addictive drug, but can be use for medical purposes, just like they use heroine morphing for medical purposes and at one time and still is a street drug, they use heroine to get people of Meth and morphing on terminally ill cancer patient. The will never allow Meth to be used for medical purposes cause it a cure for the common cold, drug compaines and dotors make hundrerds of billions a year off cold medicains and dotor visits, plus half the old people in hospitals wouldn't die of Pneumonia making the government pay them social security for another 10 or 15 years.

My son had this problem at age     6   !!! So I went  to a learning disability center run by a doctor  who had 10   kids , 2 boys with the same problem. They could not remember their address, phone #  or math facts that they had known the day before ----dementia!  You bet.  The doctors wife was a nutritionist and found most of  these kids had  low blood sugar.  They could have NO sugar and most "sweetners" =junk. Tupelo honey was the only sweetner that did not  cause insulin output. They also were  given    NIACIN  a B vitamin -the memory vitamin. But you must take all  the B vitamins because they work together.  So I take a B150 complex almost every day and don't eat any boxed foods. Some organic home grown. Meat, milk and eggs from a farm nearby.Did you know an MD  does not even have a course in  NUTRITION.  The very foods  that feed our body,  made by God  and they don't even know about them??? BUT  they sure take a course in drugs!PLEASE  GOD  ENLIGHTEN  YOUR  "SHEEP"!!

We really are not designed to live much beyond 70. Get over it. If I have any major illness beyond 70 I am out of here.  No way am I going to sit around and become a drooling burden on the people around me. If the old would face up to the fact of death it would be a tremendous relief on the living. I turn 62 this Friday.

It is not only the care of the patient, but the toll it takes on the caregiving families. I was caught in a situation as the sole caregiver of an alzheimer parent and could not handle it alone, the state I lived in, refused to help get her any care because she was not a resident of the state and suggested that I take her back to her apartment and call the social workers there and let them know there was an at risk senior living alone so she could get some help.My living Aunt (103); living Uncle (93); my parents lived into their 80's and all lived thru WWII and following wars....no dementia among them and all mentally active. Go figure.

If obuttstain wants to help with this disease, the first thing he needs to do is repeal obuttstaincare...which is stifling the medical/pharmaceutical industry.  Then he needs to resign and go back to kenya so we can fix the economy and this country in general, which will allow more research and development.....we are very close on this disease...nothing obuttstain has done has helped.

I was going to write something...but I forgot...

We all have to die of something. If it's not cancer, heart disease, kidney failure, then we have to die of dementia. Advanced medical science does not save us from dying, it just gives us the choice how we want to die.

As a caretaker to my elderly mother with dementia I find having her work on crossword puzzles, deep breathing and lists are very helpful to her. Its not easy by any means but it beats the alternative of placing her in a home where care she would not get at all. Its stressing and hard but as long as I keep trying with her she does better!

If you are a Republic-Con you already have memory loss.

"The Chicago Health and Aging Project tracked the health of more than 10,000 older adults" I don't know about you but I don't believe anything out of Chicago. This is a way for the administration to give Chicago more money. Our President comes from IL. His cronies are set up in Chicago. Just another sky is falling report to redistribute the wealth.

And NO ONE is wondering WHY people get dementia?!  Our food is laden with pesticides, herbicides, GMO's, antibiotics and often heavy metals!  THEN, because we're getting sick fat from the forementioned problems and lack of exercise, the doctor's reccomend eating less "sugar" and that "sugar-free" is fine....adding NEUROTOXINS into your body....We eat less and less nourishment and more and more garbage...and there's your answer folks! Clean up the food source and we'll clean up our bodies!

My specialty-Elderly, Mentally Challenging.  There are two major reasons for these statistics.  We are living longer than ever before and the fact that the medical field has finally started to address this and have given these problems a name.  Everything about us declines and deteriorates as we get old.  Our skin, our hair, our organs, our muscles.  I care deeply about my patients, but I worry more about their caregivers.  Family members tend to forget that if they don’t take care of themselves, mentally and physically, their care for their loved ones decline.  For everyone out there, if you are one of these caregivers, take a break.  I am not talking about an hour or two, I am telling you to find a respite center.Geriatrics is one of the lowest paid fields in nursing, I will include nursing assistants in this.  The reason that we are there is because we care, not for the money.  Our problem is that we tend to care too much.  When  we care for a person, be it alternate or monthly weekends or full time, we tend to become more like family than caregiver or friend.  Your loss, when they pass, is our loss too.Good luck, and may the power be with you as you travel down this road.

Alzheimer's has become the catchall word for anyone with some form of dementia. As Linda rightly said, it is an after autopsy diagnosis. The brain has to have certain changes for the diagnosis. That said, a lot of older people are suffering from iatrogenic dementia. That is dementia caused by doctors. Older people are given too many drugs which cause confusion and hearing loss. They have duplicate prescriptions from different doctors and dosages that are too high for older people. The average American over the age of 55 takes five prescription drugs. That is a disgrace! People should read the book Over-diagnosed before they accept any prescriptions for so called chronic problems. If you are borderline don't treat it.Perhaps the problem is that they just can't believe what's happening to the Country They Love So Much...

3 in 3 seniors die with old age.

This and Alzheimers is the saddeest disease!!!!!  PLEASE do more research on what can be done or make certain that the patients are getting correct diagnoses and not being just "pigeoned holed" because that is what someone THINKS it is then nothing else is done for them.  The entire family is affected!!!!!!

Maybe it's better that way.

WOW - what an amazing finding. . . .as people live longer and longer more of them get sick. . . .WOW, I mean how many advanced degrees to you need to figure that out?. . . .I bet if everybody went back to dying by age 40 we could wipe dementia out almost completely

Only 1 in 3 seniors vote Democrat?  That can't be right.

FOX news causes dementia.

What's Pelosi' excuse?

1 out of 3 republican legislators have advanced dementia (mushmouth McConnell) &amp; another 1 out of 3 are operating with limited cognitive ability #$%$).  The remaining 33% just mimic the seniors (Ayotte).

Nice to know that Washington spends far more money on curing AIDS than Alsheimer's.That is the problem now!  These people are voted in by stupid people who keep the SAME people in office forever.....same with the Supreme Court.   We need new, good ideas...not the same ideas that are destroying America.  We are seeing that now from people who are young....they are destroying America and are quite happy with themselves.....

Too bad that third is the majority of Florida, and the hanging chad of the cross-eyed voting official comes to mind. Scary. Why are stories like this one written? It seems like seniors are daffy lately. Very glib, regardless of the circumstances. Is this dimentia? It seems so.

and so what? You eventually die of something. Do not make such a big deal out of it.

This government needs to fund care options for people with this disease. My Dad's Alzheimer's care left my Mom practically broke in the end. How many families can afford 4-6K per month for a care facility!? If you can find anything for less than 4K each month, you're lucky (there are a few out there, and we found one). Even if you have special insurance for that, it only picks up a fraction of the fees. Even if you served in the military, benefits only kick in once you're down to your last pennies and even then it's not enough to cover the bills. He worked hard his entire life to save and she cared for him herself for nearly 6 years before needing to put him in a care facility. Care for other diseases is covered by Medicare, why not Alzheimer's?

That's my greatest fear: getting dementia.

I keep telling everyone - I saw what some of  these people were eating - boxed everything with nothing but preservatives, soy, over cooked foods,  sugared,etc.etc. These people are depleting their nutrients, then  go to  "doctors" that give them nothing but more chemicals. The drug companies are causing all this.  Stop eating boxed foods and  take some vitamins and mineral supplements!!  I am   86 and take  NO  drugs. I mostly feel great and am still dealing  with my real estate holdings.- excellent memory and all.PLEASE  GOD   ENLIGHTEN  YOUR  "SHEEP"!!!!

I am 81, had open heart surgery in 2002, have mild diebetes. I cannot do what what I used too, but, do very well for my age I think. I have some trouble remembering some things like names.I rase a large garden every year, do most of the maintance on and around our home. With the shape our country is becoming, I don't think I want to live to be more than 90 or so.

Breaking news  EVERYONE DIES

I'm old school I was born,I have lived some what,of a good life,and i"ll die when it's my time! BY MY own hands if needed,but not in a nurseling home where doctors have the power to play God,and keep me alive for money.

I know someone who had dementia and it was pathetic.  Forgot to clean herself, ask for her meals right after eating, talk publicly about the most embarrasing personal things and look awful,I wonder when Frankenstein is going to kick over?

ok this isn't going to be popular but here we go.......the medical profession for decades has been asking itself..."can we do?' ,when I should have been asking "should we do?'....they extend our lived to the point where we have no dignity left and then to add insult to injury they take all the money we intended to pass along to our families for the "Service"....you will get old....you will die...perhaps you should consider doing it on your terms. Enjoy your life...Die young and happy rather then old in a nursing home with diapers and a feeding tube.

She was a dancer at the Paradise Club wasn't she?

And 100% of people who drink water....Dies!

It's called getting old. Living past your limit. Your brain turns to mush. Time to go. My grandmother had Alzheimer's, had it for years,lived to be 86 and lived a great life. The last year of her life it was like having a 2 year old around. Everything had to be locked up, buzzers on doors, had to be fed, diapers... no way for a person to live. Dying was the best thing for her and as bad as it sounds, the best thing for her caretakers.

no #$%$, 1 in 3 seniors dies with, not of, dementia. why is this news, i'm sorry, but all people get old and die, just not soon enough for many of them, and i'd bet it's more like 2 of 3, i've been in the long term care facilities.

Maybe if we got better care from Medicare things would not look so bleak.

The effort should be in prevention.  Obama's push for treatments is not thrifty.  The feds should not be funding research for treatment of patients.

3 in 3 Americans live their lives with dementia

Want to see the effects of dementia ? Just look at most of the US Supreme Court or the US Senate - Think your not affected by this terrible disease ? Think again - I don't plan to get it for another ten years - If I don't have it already - Did I spell that right ? I misplaced my glasses -What these eldely have is MAD COW DESEASE

end life time politicians, shorter term limits, and how about some actual accountability for their actions.

science has already shown that all people over 35 have brain damage, and it just gets worse from there.  these old people should be removed from our government and not be allowed to drive.

This is why many people need to have a living will or give power of attorney to someone so that they can manage their finances.  Once you have dementia it is too late.  This is why many people need to have a living will or give power of attorney to someone so that they can manage their finances.  People should make sure someone has power of attorney so that they can manage their finances.  Once you have dementia it is too late. This is why many people need to have a living will or give power of attorney to someone so that they can manage their finances.  Once you have dementia it is too late. This is why many people need to have a living will or give power of attorney to someone so that they can manage their finances.  Once you have dementia it is too late.  This is why many people need to have a living will or give power of attorney to someone so that they can manage their finances.  People should make sure someone has power of attorney so that they can manage their finances.  Once you have dementia it is too late. This is why many people need to have a living will or give power of attorney to someone so that they can manage their finances.  Once you have dementia it is too late.

I was going to comment, but I forgot what I wanted to say.

Obama is such an #$%$.He is all smoke and mirrors.....stealing a fortune for himself from the American public.Shootz his black #$%$z.

I Think Obom Has A Touch Of It.

Arm the demented!

Al Davis

So THOSE are those older Republican voters we keep hearing about.  Could it be that listening to Fox is a contributing factor?  Worth studying.The rate rose 39% in the last to years!!!!  Does anyone wonder if un-inspected MEAT might have something to do with this?  A study at Mary Hitchcock Clinic years ago determined that 20% of people who died of Alzheimer's actually died of the human form of Mad Cow Disease...glad I've been a vegetarian all my life.

Yea! I don't want to see it coming either.

It used to be called senile or hardening of the arteries.

This is the result of our health system.  We make every attempt to keep outselves alive as long as possible, waaaay past the point of life being enjoyable.  We aren't meant to live past 70.  If you can do it naturally, you're in good shape, but most will perish naturally before 70 without modern healthcare.  I know I don't want to be alive when life is no longer worth living.

Dang !!! I forgot what I was going to say

Report: 100% of all who make it to be seniors die. Eventually. Of something.

Fact remains that we in America aren't educated enough about ageing and should be taught about it early in life and perhaps be part of the schools educational program. It's something that is a huge problem even more so because we are prone to not see the existance honestly.

Many (Old and Young) are not concerned about researching what is healthier to eat and not eat to better maintain the body, mind and spirit. Some good choices are Whole Foods, Raw Foods, Organic and Natural Foods, Herbal Supplements, Vitamins, Minerals, Lots of clean/pure Water, etc. Many people continue to eat meat of all kinds and cooked foods, not understanding the effect on the body. Because we are taught poor eating habits as children does not mean that when we grow up we can not start to research for ourselves what we should and should not be putting in and on our bodies. We have a responsibility to ourselves to learn the most we can about the correct care of ourselves to be able to avoid disease and sickness of all kind. In the book "The Vinegar Book" By Emily Thacker it is noted that too often memory loss in individuals who are over 55 is treated as if it were irreversible or inevitable. Yet, information continues to pile up which proves memory loss can be successfully treated. "...several of the causes are treatable, resulting in an arrest or actual reversal of the symptoms."Nutritional, vitamin or mineral deficiencies have been found in Dementia and Alzheimer's patients.Research B-12 ,Folate, Calcium, Thiamin and Niacin for yourself.A Natural Healing Promoter

3 in 3  make decisions with it.

REALLY? Is that what's wrong in D.C.? All this time I thought they were smoking something!John N:  Keep entertaining yourself with your silly ridicule.   Maybe you'll still be laughing when your turn comes along.

they should make a clinic where you can get euthanizedthat way people can die in grace instead of suffering from stuff like this

Nothing but what usad to be called old age .

this isn't a sign of something wrong.  this is a sign that we're living too long.

i'm enjoying Exelon patches with Namenda--and am still as irasible as ever, going on 80!

Hey, Quinn, I'm ready for my robot body!

It's about time the truth comes out. Whats happening to the eldely isa by product of the beef industry practice of grinding up sick animals and feeding them to other animals that do not eat meat.This was a standard practice in the40's , 50's and 60's.Of course no one will ever admit  it.

1 in 3 Seniors die with dementia....wonder what the ratio is for Obama constituents?

Everyone forgets.....I think what we need is a 'delete' button to get rid of the stuff we don't need anymore.  Why take up storage space for something that happened when we were 16?  lol

Very soon 2 out of 3 seniors will die from decisions made by ObamaCare Death Panels.The reality is we are all going to die of something.  The older we get, the more likely one of these things is going to kill us.At one time infectious diseases killed most people.  Back then the rate of cancer and heart attacks was lower, because people did not live long enough to get them.So people stopped smoking, and cancer went down, but heart failure went up.  People now take heart medicine, and heart failure goes down, but cancer start to creep back up. Everything goes down and dementia creeps in.It would be nice to see an article that tried to look at all of these things and relate them.  Maybe something is not getting worse, but it is killing more people because the other things are being held at bey long enough for the things like dementia to take hold.

What's Biden's EXCUSE!!??

Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease ( mad cow) is the new Alzheimer's. Huge cover up!!

Under obummercare in this obamination, the cure is to ensure everyone dies long before this becomes an issue. Off to the szoylent green factory with you!

I read the whole article but I forgot what it was about.

2 out of 3 Lib seniors die with a load in their pants as a result of gay bowel disease

Obama he killed our jobs first and then our Grannys with ObamaCare death panels.

What's Harry's excuse?

Now we know what happened to Toad Kennedy!

What's Barney's excuse?What's Hilary's excuse?

As long as Viagra can keep yourWeener functioning well into your late 70's or 80's I say party on dude.

Once ObamaCare Death Panels are fully in place say goodbye to Granny and Grandpa. Their azzes are grass in that system.  That hip replacement will be rationed out to younger people.

Sandy will die from Obama dna stains on her chin.

This explains why old people vote Republican.