Ops, sequester made them go up.  Os insistant spending makes it go down

LMAO the headline misspelled NICE!! hahahaha

Just wait till the "house of cards" comes tumbling down .  All these big numbers are supported by devalued u.s. dallars .

thiis posting has no real meaning per se....some stocks just don't sell much on any given day bet you could post 10 stocks every day with similar numbers......totally useless information ...

I told every one of you this would happen. I posted a comment in a story less than a week ago when you were being told that some of these companies were "good bets". Never listen to a broker, its his job to become richer while you beome "broker".

Mom and pops traders using their own accounts and trading for less than $10.

The pope sold all his stocks.

It does matter GOP or Dems - it is duapoly that killing this great country! We have no way out - only to a fascist police state with a misirable future. Keep voting for these 2 criminal parties.

"Derivatives are weapons of Mass Destruction." Warren Buffet."$ 700 Trillion OTC Derivatives,$ 83 Trillion in Exchange Derivatives as of April 7 2011."Page 83 under Finance and Economics.

Do not fight FED, USA GOV, world banking system,  you will lose.  Keeping your funds in bonds and money market funds just erodes your savings each day.July 2011, Government Accounting OfficeGAO-11-696 Federal Reserve Investigation:$ 7,389.4 BILLION Domestic$ 1,561.6 BILLION ForeigntoCitiGroup- $ 1,756 BILLION plus $ 263 BILLIONMorgan Stanley- $ 1,364 BILLION plus $ 548 BILLIONMerrill Lynch- $ 1,281 BILLION plus $ 493 BILLIONBear Sterns- $ 850 BILLIONBanc of America LLC Securities- $ 845BILLION plus $ 101 BILLIONGoldman Sachs- $ 433 BILLION plus $ 155 BILLIONBarclays Capital Inc- $ 410 BILLIONJP Morgan Securities Inc.- $ 112 BILLIONLehman Brothers Inc.- $ 83 BILLIONCountry Wide Financial Corp.- $ 75 BILLION

Any body in the markets is a fool.  It's a rigged game.  Better odds in Vegas, unless you're driving a Masseratti and think you're bad.

Yellow Journalism. This report is trashy.

another day of short sales and taking money from the american retirement fund

I lost 1/2 of my retirement account last time the market fell.  I put what was left in bonds and still have it there.  At age 61 you have to be careful!

Wall Street thinks there is going to be profits from the companies being invested in.  1st there still are no good paying jobs.  2nd. There is no disposable income for the consumer to spend.  3rd, There will be no new jobs in numbers needed to make profits and sustain them.  4th, The US government has a huge amount of debt, and lib giving money away to buy votes.  5th, College loan debt is even higher than the national credit card debt.  This is not a recipe for making profits. 6th, Profits will be made by selling perhaps as soon as next week or at least this spring.  Sell, sell, sell, will be heard across Wall Street, and those selling first will make a huge windfall.

Some young and impressionable person will hang on every word Jimmy Cramer aka.the carnival barker says,and buy what he is PROMOTING. Oh dear. Well,we all have a learning curve.Mine is over 60 so I must be a really slow learner.

$ 432 BILLION a year to pay interests on the DEBT!with RIGHT NOW the Federal Reserve PRINTING$ 85 BILLION a MONTH to keepthe Crime BURIED and ALIVE !!at the same time!

The markets are fixed...

Now I heard Oblunder say the market was doing great during the State of the Union?It's the rich removing profits into swiss &amp; Caymen isl accounts. They'll buy in a day or two once all the prices are down. Rich getting richer.

NYSE and Wall Street have gotten completely and blatantly out of hand, are driving this country to permanent destruction due to their vile inexcusable greed mongering that I am all for their COMPLETE COLLAPSE, which btw, will be of THEIR OWN DOING.No everyone responsible look at their loved ones, children and grandchildren and tell them just how much you truly love them and have done everything possible for their future.  Go ahead.Morons and lunatics know no bounds, proven by their own actions.

I have been buying stocks regularly all along the last decade and Im way up so I think I may know more than all the guru types.just invest every month and stay in through all these ups and downs and like yesterday .you get some bargains.

do not invest, in any exchange

Buy now, hurry!

Buy low Sell high.  I wouldn't wait.

Fuvk the stock , fuvk the wall street and fuvk and fuvk dow and nyse ... give jobs to americans . we are tired of the fuvking lies ...

thx yahoo for summarizing this news. stock prices r so high, there r less buyers only idiots will buy right now. the bidders have to lower their bids and will resultin strong selling pressure.

Yahoo..please remove these old, very old stories.

"Come into my parlor," said the spider to the fly.People don't trust the stock trade anymore, and many are broke, thats why volume are low.!

It's hard to get people to invest their money in the "Titanic". Even if the band is still playing and the lights are still on. Only half of the passengers are concerned. The Obama voters are "looting" the now "tilted kitchen".

Think of the market as a long distance runner..sooner or later you run out of oxygen...The Feds have been supplying oxygen to this market for a long time...When do they lose the patient is the question

But, but, but, the liberal media said the economy was "surging".  Did they lie to protect Obama? No, say it ain't so.

Quit complaining. The market had DOUBLED under Obama's first term. NEVER in history has that happened. NEVER. The market is doing very well, thank-you.

Good! They deserve it!!!

Democrats nor Republican  have any control as  Wall Street crashes 1929 now 2013..

If the gubbermint keeps printing money and devaluing our currency the stock market can be 20,000 soon. That doesn't mean the economy or your investments are doing well.

Republican President ,,,market crash... Regan /Bush ,,1987... Ole George W. managed to have  a 2001  and a 2008 Stock market crash...go figure...Bill Clinton...Boom times.... Market doubles with President Obama... now Democrats have style...

Idiots!  It's the stock volumn that went down, not stock prices.  The Dow was up 116 for the day.The economy is falsly propped up to make Obama look good to a bunch of idiots who can't think for themselves.  Things will get much worse.

Stocks (a company's value) go up when employees are laid off (bringing costs down) duh...

I thought this would be an interesting article.  This is just a statistic, not an article.

WALL STREET: DERIVATIVE TOTALS (aka Too Big To Fail):"$ 700 Trillion OTC Derivatives,$ 83 Trillion in Exchange Derivatives as of April 7 2011."Page 83 under Finance and Economics." The Economist (magazine) April 7, 2012-The FIGURES DON’T LIE. Whole stole the MONEY?POLITICIANS and New York INVESTMENT BANKERS,just LIKE President Obama LIE, about the MONEY, and who stole/LOST/Chisled it.$300,000,000,000 ($300 BILLION) in broker/BANK FEES PAID OUT by TAXPAYERSin 2009-10 alone,to ADD$10 TRILLION to the DEBT inside 4 years under the Obama REGIME of DENIAL.July 2011, Government Accounting OfficeGAO-11-696 Federal Reserve Investigation:$ 7,389.4 BILLION Domestic$ 1,561.6 BILLION ForeigntoCitiGroup- $ 1,756 BILLION plus $ 263 BILLIONMorgan Stanley- $ 1,364 BILLION plus $ 548 BILLIONMerrill Lynch- $ 1,281 BILLION plus $ 493 BILLIONBear Sterns- $ 850 BILLIONBank of America LLC Securities- $ 845BILLION plus $ 101 BILLIONGoldman Sachs- $ 433 BILLION plus $ 155 BILLIONBarclays Capital Inc- $ 410 BILLIONJP Morgan Securities Inc.- $ 112 BILLIONLehman Brothers Inc.- $ 83 BILLIONCountry Wide Financial Corp.- $ 75 BILLIONetc, etc......READ IT FOR YOURSELF!!!$ 432 BILLION a year to pay interests on the DEBT! with RIGHT NOW theFederal Reserve PRINTING $ 80 BILLION a MONTH to keepthe Crime BURIED and ALIVE !! at the same time!

One story says the NYSE is posting the biggest increases, now this one says biggest decreases..... Rest assured someone is getting rich and it very likely is NOT you or your buddy next door.This ponzi scheme should be outlawed, there are faster and easier ways to make money than this b.s.

Well Dems....is it Bush's fault?  You guys have been braggin about "Obama's" stock market. Wait a couple years....you'll be begging for "change".

one down , two to go. Then invest in our country through T-Bills, Bonds and so on.

I had dinner with a person who sat on the SEC board. Who better than to ask for a stock tip. He had no money in the market. It was lies and #$%$ to feed upon the unknowning.

No wonder those "buy gold " ads are doing so well

This must be Bush's fault!i still think theres just a stupid lever that they pull when they want it down or up and all of this is a lie /shrug no point in trusting them

The State of the Onion.

Oh frelling crash already...the government is not far behind.

I'm buying whatever stocks Warren Buffet, Bill Gates &amp; Ted Turner have......

All I can say is I'm a millionaire for the first time in my life. Obama is OK by me!

You got to wonder what the heckis going on.

They post the highest ever numbers - who  rigged this game?? Obama? To prove he is doing something good?? How long will they last?? Long enough for the rich to get richer and the poor to pay!!!

You mean like our great leader who wanted to Social Security into the stock market ....let me see, who was that again?

How all that hope and change doin for ya all  ?   Just have the fed print up more funny money and have Yahoo write up all the fake feel good articles on how our economic recovery is doing just fine, And have all the financial gurus yip and yap about where to invest your money [ If you have any left]........As if you dont know it already weve been in a recession for the last 7 years and it's getting worse.....If you think otherwise your just dreaming until it hits you in the face and you crash hard wondering how you could be so stupid

LOL....stupid, uneducated fools....you all will believe anything, thank God you have limbuagh to keep you all entertained and off the streets....now if we can just figure a way to keep you all off the InternetIts rigged. The gig is up. Only dreamers gamble with the stock market. The best way to double your money is to fold it and put it back in your pocket.

Now the government has enough money to prosecute Wall Street.

Are we headed for an economic crash. I will look in my crystal ball, consult my tarot cards. Yep we are done for. The government cannot pay its bills and the government is falsely propping up the stock market.

i love touching my REAL MONEY gold &amp; Silver

I'm shocked

The plan is working.

Did you know that this article was most likely written by a computer?

Was this a slow news day or what?

looks like the same old thing they sucker the little guy. then when the stock goes up the big boys get out takeing the money and the little guy sinks. the old bank and hook

Geithner and now Lew economics, this what you get with Ivy League hedge fund managers in chargeBunch of Chicken Littles on this thread. Folks, to some of you this may be a scary looking headline. BUT it's an article that can be and is written each and every day. There are always winners and losers in the market, always big sell offs and big buys. The Yahoo headline makes it seem that the market AS A WHOLE is seeing the largest volume decreases (or increases). It is actually reporting just on which INDIVIDUAL stocks have seen the largest changes in volume.If you're nurturing a sense of panic merely to vent your anti-Obama spleen, you're pathetic. If you're actually making financial decisions based on this level of ignorance, you're to be pitied.

Where did you expect the market to go when 78 Percent of Americans Just had their Taxe Bill Raised by THOUSANDS!

Lets see.........................the market goes up 2% but the value of the money decreased 40%....Hummmm.......lets do the match.  #$%$...Americans are so fricking dumb in math and science they can not fignure out that this is a huge lost.Obama got this game down pat.  Use deficent spending to buy bonds to run markets up...but has to borrwo the money to buy the bonds...which devalues the dollars thus....while people own a stock or bond that "has a quoted" higher value....it actually has lots nearly 40%.Dumb population.Creative but lying Obama administration.Perfect combination!

the real fun will start next year with all the new taxes,then ali obama care will finish this country off.

NYSE stocks posting largest volume decreasesDont believe it.  This didnt come form King Obama

You morons.  This is a routine article.  If you look around the page you'll see another article "NYSE stocks posting largest percentage increases".  These articles come out every week.  It's just a couple of lists showing the largest percentage volume increases and decreases at close of trading that day.  Idiots.  Stop thinking the sky is falling because of a Yahoo article.  Let me guess, you voted for Mitt?

Wall Street took Obama bailout money now pay it ba#$%$ ja#$%$asses.

so they deleted my comment....WOW!!!!!!

And then depression set in.

The Slot Exchange. Roll the dice people it's your money.WOW! Largest increases and largest decreases ...all in the SAME DAY?????Yahoo's fuqin with your heads!

Make Believe Report, hey is this paper worth wiping with?

The stock exchange is not what it was set up to be. Stock used to be purchased to give companies capital to enhance their businesses. they paid dividends to their stock holders for investing in them. Today stocks are traded merely to make an instant proffit. The extreme fluctuations in stock prices are caused by the whims of these day traders. In the short run, it has absolutely nothing to do wit the actual economy.

Stop naked short selling forever.

The end of the world as we know it.

What can you expect when you have a Communist in the Top Office taking from the Makers and giving it to the Takers....    Hope the Dems have their  401K in cash...

The US economy is getting ready to totally collapse in 2013.  Get prepared.That's what happens when you have a 'Hugo Chavez' style socialist despot running your nation.  Heckavajob, welfare voters.  Enjoy your shiny, new "Obama phones", idiots!

I’m currently investing in gold and related mining stocks such as Pershing Gold Corp. (PGLC).  Understanding the internal dynamics of the gold market can be helpful as to investment timing issues. For example, the weekly position reports of commodity trading funds or sentiment indicators offer useful clues as to entry or exit points for active trading strategies.

Prices might drop dramatically as a result of slightly bad news causing public perception to suffer and investors to panic. But, although the company once had promise, a low share price isn't the only criteria you should be looking for. Before buying up these cheap stocks, be certain that the glitch is something that can be fixed.  Have a look at ChromaDex Corporation (CDXC.OB)

Not a good sign for them....100 shares, 200 shares, 300 shares traded... Who cares. They can go private. Why not show most volume stocks of stocks that traded down today. Kinda tough when the Dow went up 490 points.

test