MN now on the road to top California as most taxed state. Minneapolis will join Detroit in about 5 years when all the Detroit welfare folks move to Minni.

It is the biggest lie ever told to the American people, you will not get it at a 'better price'. It will be much more expensive for everyone and don't believe for a minute your Government subsidy is going to cover most the cost.

Dayton and the democrats own Minnesota - my family is outraged that this one of the five worst senators was elected governor narrowly and money was brought in from all over for Dumb Dayton and Crazy Al Franken win.  Many votes was questionable.  By the next election Dayton and dems would have MN in a spiral collaspe.  Giving illegal aliens Drivers license next.

The healthcare system is in a death spiral. I would worry so much about that though. The rest of the economy will be a communist cesspool long before most of us need to see a doctor. The freeloaders have taken over.

So how does all this impact the cost of prescription drugs, medical services like X-rays and MRI's and other provider costs?  (Hint:  it doesn't).

This is why you leave healthcare up to the States, the Feds screw up everything they touch! Romney had it right, keep the Feds out of your States healhcare needs, his home State got one of 2 A ratings on healthcare!

anyone that thinks Obama care or any Govt Insurance program won't increase your costs and taxes, is either a clueless idiot or an ignorant loon. Yeah you'll have Health Insurance, just no job, no house, and nothing to eat.

Glad I don't live in Minnesota.

If you were to really dig into MN's healthcare scheme, you would find that by working out side deals with HHS to expand medicaid far beyond what most other states have, MN has managed to get federal taxpayers to pay for healthcare for many of its middle class citizens.  Some poor schmuck making $50k in a state like Texas is actually subsidizing the healthcare of people making $50K in MN.MN has one of the lowest poverty rates in the country, so not wanting to miss out on the federal medicaid bonanza, they applied for waivers to give federally subsidized health care to people in the middle class.  They have been doing it for years.  For every person in poverty, MN spends upwards of $9K a year.  The thing is it only costs about $4k to deliver services to the poor.  The rest they just spread around.What I want to know is, are all the sweetheart deals brokered by Blue states over the last decade going to stay in place after Obamacare?  If that is the case, states like MN, MA, NJ, NY PA, RI will be quadruple dipping.  The poor in the south still won't be covered, while MN will be rolling in unnecessary federal money.  Sure, it may be nice for middle class Minnesotans to get something for next to nothing, but at what cost, the healthcare of low income individuals in truly poor states?Before you go off about exchanges, if every state went along with Obamacare 100% the situation would remain the same.    If you want to see what is really going on, Kaiser state health facts, has the most massive easy to navigate data sets on health care spending you can imagine.  It is a real eye opener.

Many Obamacare supporters are in for a big surprise next year.  Employers with more than 50 full time employees can avoid paying an excise tax when an employee uses a state exchange by offering health care coverage that is 'affordable' and provides minimum value, where minimum value is 60% of the cost.  When taxes and copays both go up, it will be interesting to see how many of them will still be singing its praises.Health care is NOT medical care! Health care is insurance which is a cartel!

Let oblundercare begin.  Taxes through the roof, premiums going sky high. sounds like paradise doesn't it demoturds.

My question is... When a new President is elected, can all this health care #$%$ being shoved down peoples throats, be repealed?

So the repubs fear healtcare costs.  Why are they concerned now?  There have been increases year after year after year. And they weren't concerned.  The only thing the rethugs are concerned about is losing campaign funding from insurance companies.  They could care less about the citizens.  Its all about more money for the rethugs.

Ahhhhhh, nothing like the government "subsidy". I just hope you Dems with money are still happy when your paying for it.

The overpriced companies and their lap dogs are crying. Open competition means less profits.

Obamacare will be one of the best advances for the American people in years. Even the Republican governors and State Legislatures are beginning to realize this

A single-payer system would be much more efficient than this convoluted mess.

300 thousand more happy Americans Thanks to Obama

In a few years from now nobody will be talking about Obamacare everybody will know how good it is for America, health care sales tax,  that way everybody gets covered. the only people that are against this is the greedy