Just another agenda puppet.

no need to waset the time blocking this #$%$...if obammy wants him...he will get him or continue to have two year temper tantrums til he does....but then again, he has to pick from the bottom feeders at the bottom of the barrell now...so not  much chance of a good pick!

block away!!  obozo keeps trying to sweep these losers in because they bow down to him.  he is getting worse by the day.  now he is being compared to the devil.  could be?

Go Senator Vitter. It is about time someone stood up for the rights of LEGAL citizens and stopped the Democratic left from continuing to "dance" with the illegals in order to get votes and pass their leftist agenda. We need more David Vitter's in congress!!!

Looks like voter rights will only apply to black Obama supporters.

If this were a democrat senator the AP reporter would have said " respond to the request" but since it was a Republican senator it was worded as a "threat". Lamestream media.

Emperor Obama closes the White House to the children of America, but you can have dinner with him and his queen for $50,000 a plate. You can have a face to face with the Emperor for $500,000. Now who is supporting the Rich?

Another far left liberal who sided with The New Black Panthers and their thug tactics at the voting booths in 2008

Remember that Michael Jackson song, "Black or White"?

Excellent choice, Obama.  Another wrench thrown into the gears of our government.Another lateral arabesque by one of Obamsky's disgusting Marxist P's of S.  Gotta give one thing to the Marxist:  He just keeps on keepin' on, as most "republicans" cower.  More Power to you, Sen. Vitter.  At least there are a few in the Senate with cojones.

"But he contends the department made no effort to enforce laws that require purging ineligible voters from the rolls."America opened up Pandora's box when they elected Obama.

There goes the Marxist commie president putting in one of his own commie friends. Pretty soon we'll just start calling them comrades or commisars just like in the former soviet union. If for no other reason all 45 Republican senators should fillerbuster this commie.

Keep obstructing, right wing Republicans. The rest of you will be swept out in 2014. Can't wait.

As well David Vitter should. Anytime Barack Obama nominates someone for a top position in his regime you can bet that it will be more bad news in the end for America!

#$%$ Congress?  Confirm the nominees and get to work.  Your failure to do anything constructive got Obama re-elected, so deal with it.

Obama bought the gay vote so now he's going after the Hispanic votes.

Wow, I'm super-shocked that McCain didn't block it as he seems to want to block everything only because he himself is a loser anyway.....get the hell out of office already!!

ATTENTION AMERICA. Ha! Look closely at this photo op. Doesn't Barack Obama look really enthusiastic about his pick. Barely clapping and just a "oh well" look about him. I state my case. Enough said!

These guy just looks like #$%$. You can just see the filth ozzing out of every greasy poor in his body. The very first words he spoke when Obama introduced him was in spanish,not english. I wonder if anyone mention to him he was in the states? I can see America slowly becoming a 3rd world country thanks to Obama. That was his plans from the start but you fools were so stupid and blinded by his ghetto charm.Whites out, minorities in ='s the end of American liberty.

Anything Obama does is totally counter to what is good for America. Anyone he nominates will do as bad a job as Hillary Clinton......NEVER FORGET BENGAZI!!!

Vitter is a pervert!

When I look at O-crapos face, I see nothing but pure evil.  Where is the good that so many others seem to see???  I never believed in an anti-christ until having to watch him destroy our country piece by piece. I hope you  mindless sheep that put him in office are happy when he completely destroys what our founding fathers created.  Sheep, slaves and numb skulls...

Sorry about the misspelling HA.  I meant among.

All of you do remember Vitter going with the prostitutes in D.C. He is an embarresment to his family and the state of La.

Louisiana gets $1.78 for every dollar paid to the Federal Government. If he wants to block something how about blocking the overpayment from the feds to Louisiana and help balance the budget

Senator "I love #$%$" needs to #$%$

country is so divided with race. so sad...

Wow, that's a shocker.  A Republican openly vowing to block an Obama nominee.  I swear, he could nominate JC reincarnated to head a fictional department of Christianity and they'd find a reason to hold up his confirmation.Another reason it's time for a house cleaning in Congress.  The word no one seems to know or understand is ( compromise )

Oh, yeah, that is such a good reason to block the business of our country.  One has nothing to do with the other - Vitter is just jealous that others are getting their names in the paper.  He needs to act like he is relevant.  Remember Vitter - you won a LOCAL election - the president won a NATIONWIDE election.

Ah yes, I thought I recognized that Senator's  name,  This guy patronizes prostitutes smoong other things he's done.  No wonder he wants to block the nomination.  Probably afraid the new Secretary will allow the union organization of his favorite work force. Republicans:  Obstructions R Us.  Go ahead folks.  Write me bad stuff.  These idiots have blocked every nominee so far.  I'm sick of them.

Sen. Vitter, what else is new? I guess next you'll block the nominee until you get President Obama to dance a jig. We see you Republicans and we will remember you in the next election. What you dish out, be prepared to receive.