Just when I thought I had heard it all ?  When girls start to defend rapists, it's time to beam me up.

Kathleene- This girl has been held accountable. Her underage drinking and subsequent state have been documented for the world to see. She was raped, humiliated, now threatened by strangers, and exposed by the media. I can imagine will most likely be forced to move and change her name if she ever wants somewhat of a normal life. She's 16, pretty much a child. But, most important in this story, and a fact the judge was able to see and you are not, is that getting stinking drunk is not a green light for people to violate you.What other forms of accountability would you like to see? Public stoning? Scarlet A?

Threatening a rape victim? Disgusting. Society's trash.

This whole town has taught their children to worship their football heroes.

The police appear to be taking this seriously !    Keep up the good work until they get the message.

This is what I would call collective stupidity.

This town is full of  "lovely" kids. Time for these girls to get their share of ridicule and punishment. They don't have a clue of the consequences of their actions. Soon, they too shall learn a lesson (that apparently they never learned anywhere else). Time for the youth of America to open your eyes.

Hope part of the sentence is that they are prohibited from using any social media until they are 21 years of age. Then, when they violate the court order . . .

Beginning to sound like the entire town is nothing but trash.

Guess the kids didn't listen to the judge's speech after the trial.

Are these girls for real?  What is wrong with these teens?!  I wonder how these idiots would feel if one of them were the victim and another idiot threatened them.  Did these girls think they would not get caught?  I just don't get teens today.Hopefully there is evidence to convict them and a judge that fines them the maximum amount under law and puts them into a detention fascility. I want the largest fine possible because mommy will probably have to pay the fine. Consequences for bad parenting. What can they think of next! :)

Don't those girls realize those boys would have the same disrespect for them as the victim? Stupid is as stupid does.

What the HeII is wrong with Ohio????

yeah, girls.anti-bullying laws apply to you too.

Again....I'm sure the parents are real proud.

Must be something toxic in the water supply of Steubenville, Ohio.

What a bunch of "LOSERS"

What is wrong with people today? Nobody seems to be teaching their kids the difference in right and wrong resulting in so many of them who seem to have absolutely no morals and no compassion for their fellow humans. This is just sick!

Who is raising these backwoods animals?

Would you hire one of these kids?  Not me.More stupid kids unsupervised by their absentee parents.

No doubt the same two who dropped her as a friend when she decided to press charges.

There is nothing more evil and cruel than teenage girls; they could train terrorists.

The girl who accused the victim of "ruining" her family needs to look at the person who did the crime.  That's the person who ruined the family.

Stupid, mean-spirited, idiot girls.

This town has the most stupid teenagers on the face of this earth. After seeing how social networking hurt the defendants, these two girls use it as well to taunt and threaten the victim. The parents in this town need to get on the ball and see what activities their under age kids are engaging in and not spare the rod when dealing with them.

Ignore the facts and support the popular Jocks is the name of this game.AND it can lead to Columbine

I  must say that  Stuebenville Ohio is showing the world that !. they don't raise their kids right, 2. they don't take charge of their kids, and 3. they don't teach their kids morals, SHAME ON THE PARENTS....

Wow steubenville way to go the new toilet of america, you need flushed

Charge all of them. Teach them all a necessary lesson.Maybe I've missed something, but where is the news report saying where all these kids got the alcohol that got them all drunk?  Why is no one arrested for that?

Is the whole town crazy?

Good. There are how many more to drag in and send to jail. Don't forget the #$%$ coach and his wife who handed out the booze at their party. Make sure you get the cops who tried to cover the who mess up.Don't forget to investigate the other rape cases that have been swept under the table by the SPD.

This town has an annual lead paint chip eating contest---

Maybe they need to start charging these juveniles as adults.  "Menacing" is a pretty mild charge for felony terrorizing.

Looking for some adult behavior in Stubenville and not seeing much of it in news media.  Glorification of football team members while overlooking their innnappropriate actions, rape accusations and a "boys will be boys" attitude until it went viral, now teenage girls threatening a rape victim.  It's very sad.

Lol, how dumb.  How did they catch the rapists?  They looked at their use of text messages and social media.  What does this dumb chick do?  Uses social media to threaten the rape victim.  So, so dumb.

Women supporting violence against women.  The status quo in Islamic countries and now coming to the USA.

About time something was being done to stop some of this stuff.Girls are just as bad as boys when it comes to threatening and using the internet to do it.How many young people have committed suicide because of threats and bullying.

What is wrong with these girls? How can they be so stupid? They are hurting a girl who has already been brutally violated while defending the boys who raped her! These girls are a disgrace! They belong in juvie! Talk about clueless! Women do not stand up for women and it hurts us! We don't get the same pay or oportunities for men because we don't help each other and that kind of hideous, self defeating conduct starts in school! These girls need to get a clue and realize the extent of their actions! They need to support this poor girl not stand up for a couple of worthless rapists who would have attacked them if the opportunity had presented itself!What kind of idiot threatens a rape victim?What kind of female threatens a rape victim?

Anonymous says this town is up to its eyebrows in corruption..a huge underground gambling ring... etc.. these kids are criminals..the original judges neice dated one of the rapists.. the video was recorded at asst DAs home..an assistant coach directed the deletion of the evidence.. the sheriff was fired for blocking investigations...this is one dirty story after another!

This is only the beginning of what Steubenville residents are going to do to her. They will eventually form a mob mentality, which will give them a since of invincibility and justification, and they will torment this poor girl to the ends of the earth. I had predicted this in an earlier post because I have personally observed the ugliness of human nature all my life. Now, wait until you read a headline announcing what residents are doing to her parents and siblings (if she has any siblings that is) Adults are just as hateful with a sense of twisted entitlement (entitled to do as they please) as minors are, which is where the minors get it from in the first place. The girl is the victim, but in those depraved/degenerated minds she is the criminal and the rapists are the victims. So they will go after her, she has two more years of High School left, it's going to be pure hell for her all the way. And the law can only do so much to protect her. It'd be best if her parents relocated to another area far removed from Steubenville.

And what do you want to bet the media does NOT release the names of these little she-thugs that threatened the victim?

The whole thing comes back to the fact that the parents didnt parent.  Probably didn't have time and was to busy to be parents.  They need to be held accountable and I hope the victim in this case sues them for everything they have or ever will have.

Just a bit of teen lunacy reflecting the mental i.q. of a dirt clod.

The victims family needs to leave that town....It will never be the same or safe for them.

I would suggest tossing these two in with the two rapists but I'm afraid they would procreate. We have enough idiots in the world. It's time to start separating these boys and girls before it's too late.

This whole tragic story just gets more pathetic every day.  What was really going on with the children?  Someone needs to look at what videos and games were popular and what was being taught or not taught at home and in class. How does a small town with a game winning school become so twisted?

Seems like that whole town is dealing with some kind of mental problems. These kids are way out of control. Wonder what they do when there is no football season.How stupid. Time to return to a society of privacy

You would think little twits like these would have gotten the message that you can be hung by social media.  Just need to keep making examples of these idiots until the message sinks in, I guess...

Experience is a brutal thing..but you learn..God you learn. C.S. Lewis

"But you can't arrest me. I'm a teenager and I can do whatever I want. I have rights. Mommy, help".

THANK YOU Alexandria Goddard!!!! (THE HERO  BLOGGER WHO UNCOVERED The Steubenville Gang Rape Case AND coverup by the adults) Thank you for not backing down even after you were SUED BY ONE OF THE BOYS INVOLVED, lost your best friend and then was harassed by her and her mother, were followed by private investigators hired by some of those involved in the coverup to harass you, had your father's address posted online, and even after many threats against your life and your family's life.. you are the definition of a HERO!!!!!!! If you didn't capture all the tweets and fb posts this would probably have ended very differently. Thanks to those 'anonymous' hackers who managed to find the evidence that the local police said they couldn't and for getting this put on the news. Thanks to the Ohio ACLU for defending the bloggers and their right to FREE SPEECH.

I don't understand.Why would girls attack a rape victim?Why?

What did they say? It would be nice to get the whole story, not just the highlights.

Bad parenting, bad kids.

It's the whole culture that has taught us that athletes are kings. Stupid girls don't realize that this could have been them. I hope the tormentors are punished.

I  don't understand these teens either today. .I hope the law gets all of the people who were involveddumb and dumber .

How pathetic - even women are jumping onto the "blame the victim" bandwagon.

Can't fix STUPID!

kids know how to use todays technology and social media....they have no understanding of it's implications and ramifications!!!

That took less time then I expected.

There was a time in this country we respected women and children. People watched their language in front of them, open doors and any male that witnessed another male abusing a woman or child would come to their defense. Now thanks to the music industry and hollywood and their constant stream of demonizing women and portraying them a sexual objects; it has become a big joke to terrorize them instead.

It's not about football, but about an athletic culture that exists in schools across the continent where students, coaches and administrators believe that they are entitled to things differently than normal people. It can also be seen in politics with the Berlusconi "Bunga Bunga" parties and the Strauss-Kahn allegations of sexual impropriety.

Funny how the jock "heroes" in High School, are nothing after high school.And the egg heads become the doctors, lawyers, accountants, etc.

The victim of this rape is now being continuously being raped again and again by this town.  Its horrible that they would keep praising the criminals that committed this crime while making the victim the villain.Its as if they are trying to get her to commit suicide.

Good...and I'm sure that there's plenty more to followWhat is wrong with the young people in this town? What is wrong with the parents that they have raised such evil cruel children? I feel so sorry for this victim. Even CNN ignores her suffering and instead showers sympathy on these evil insane dehumanizing rapist. Unbelievable! Insane!

I bet it sounded like a good idea when they thought it up. Epic backfire.

So....where are their names?  Come on media, give us their names.

so glad i decided not to have kids

I've seen where young girls verbally attack another girl complaining of sexual harassment when the attackers are either friends or admirers of the male harassers. Don't forget that serial rapists and other criminals in prison have a large fan base of women pen pals.

hours after our media televised her name.shame on you CNN, FOX, MSNBC.You are all on boycott.

...better WATCH-IT, there, little "chickies."  You gonna wind up in the slammer, too...... YOUR ability to "push-buttons" on the outside is gonna be NOTHING compared to BIG-HILDA pushing YOUR buttons on the INSIDE....  "c'mere little girl, let's have a little talk..." Aggravated menacing will seem like a (fill-in-the-blank.)

a whole lot of "winners" in this town, ehhh!

Sad outcomes from a sad situation.  Perhaps some kids will learn from this, and begin to practice intelligence.  I suspect it is too late for the coaches and other "adults" in the mix here.

What classy girls to support people who raped a girl.  You would think they would have enough common sense to see how public this case is and know that the hammer is going to be dropped so to speak on anyone involved in any way.  I think all 16 kids who wouldnt cooperate should be charged with obstruction if its knows they withheld information.  I get the whole nobody wants to snitch with teens and their punishment should not be that severe but they should be taught a lesson for covering for rapist.  I guess it just baffles me why they would do so.  Im not that old (so I tell myself) and I could never imagine not stepping in and stopping them when I was a teen much less covering for them and I partied and was kind of a wild child but I could never have seen this being aloud to happen at a party when I was a kid.The little #$%$ needs to follow those boys to follow those boys to 'detention' until their 21. Threatening a life is as serious as a rape...not as serious, as I know they wont get anything for it, but should suffer expulsion from social media as a probation. For life, if the probation is violated.

cmon, bro rule #1 is never ever do anything to stop a cat fight.  you lose your membership permanently if you do that

They will get their punishment, pregnant, several children, multiple marriages, husbands that beat annd cheat, greeters at Wal-Mart, and stuck forever in a backwater town.

For all the information easily available these days, kids are really stupid.

I'd like to know why... since so much was happening at the local prosecutor's home (where rape took place) .... why she wasn't keeping an eye on this party.And why did local prosecutor allow alcohol at party for under age drinkers???

Can't fix stupid....

New favorite sport in Steubenville - Throwing Under the Bus Relay Race

These girls have no respect for themselves  or rape victims they need their #$%$ beat. Again where is the parenting?

Steubenville has had a reputation for political corruption. The U.S. Department of Justice alleged that the city and police force had subjected numerous individuals to "excessive force, false arrests, charges, and reports" and had engaged in practices regarding "improper stops, searches, and seizures." The report from the Department also stated that excessive force was levied against individuals who witnessed incidents of police misconduct, and against those who were known critics of the city and its police force. Those individuals were also falsely detained if the city and the police agreed that they were "likely to complain of abuse." It also stated that the officers involved also falsified reports and tampered with official police recorders so that "misconduct would not be recorded."Over a period of 20 years the city lost, or settled out of court, 48 civil rights lawsuits involving its police force. The city paid out more than $800,000, $400,000 of which was between 1990 and 1996. As a result, the city's police force became the second city in the United States to sign a consent decree with the federal government due to an excessive number of civil rights lawsuits. The decree was signed on September 4, 1997 under the "pattern or practice" provision. Under this agreement, the city agreed to improve the training of its police officers, implement new guidelines and procedures, establish an internal affairs unit, and establish an "early warning system."[22]

This is what happens when you have too many warning labels out there! We are screwing with natural selection by warning stupid people not to blow dry their hair while they soak in the tub or hold the wrong end of a chainsaw when starting it. Here are the top 10 warning labels I think help stupid breed.10. A warning on a wood router says:  “This product not intended for use as a dental drill.”9. A five-inch brass fishing lure with a three-pronged hook on the end cautions: “Harmful if swallowed.”8. A letter opener carries this warning,  “Caution: Safety goggles recommended.”7. A vanishing fabric marker warns: “The Vanishing Fabric Marker should not be used as a writing instrument for signing checks or any legal documents.”6. A bag of livestock castration rings warns,  “For animal use only.”5. A label on a washing machine warns, “Do not put any person in this washer.”4. A label on a small tractor cautions:  “Danger!  Avoid Death.”3. A portable toilet seat called the “Off-Road Commode” that attaches to a vehicle’s trailer hitch warns: “Not for use when vehicle is in motion.”2. A popular scooter used by children throughout the United States warns: “This product moves when used.”And, my all-time favorite…1. A label on baby stroller warns: “Remove child before folding.”Girls threatening a female rape victim? Can it get any more stupid then that? You would think girls would be siding with her and showing compassion. I guess they wouldn't have minded being in her shoes that night? I do hope they receive a serious punishment, and I have always maintained that there are many others in this case who need to be prosecuted, including Mays' parents, who apparently didn't care what their son did - He and others in and out of the house (most been drinking) in the middle of the night, and the parents didn't hear a thing or care what was going on in their own house? I find it hard to believe they didn't hear these kids coming in an out so late at night, nor bother to investigate. If the parents gave a hoot, then those aspects of the rape that occurred in their basement might have been prevented.

Prosecutor Jane Hanlin, strongly discouraged parents from persuing the case.Note:  rape occurred in Jane Hanlin's house and her son is on the football team.Can't wait to see what grand jury finds out when they grill 3 boys who got immunity.

Part of the problem is parents don't talk to their kids about things like rape. But trust me, not talking to your kids about the evils of the world will damage them a lot more than talking to them about it.

Sometimes things are better left untyped.

16 refused to cooperate? That's obstruction of justice and the 2 girls who threatened the victim should chard and prosecuted. Teens get away with too much nowadays. The do not fear the legal ramifications because of lenient judges and prosecutors.

Put them in jail for at least a year. Post their names and faces everywhere. What kind of trash did their parents raise ?

Girls defending rapists??  Evidently these were the girlfriends of these guys and were not at the party. Or else they are trash and like giving it away to all. Time to clean up this trash society this country has become the last 5 years.

Disgusting little sluts.

Cancel the next two years of High School Football games.  Maybe then, the town can come up with something more important to be proud of.......  Instead of football games why not have all students, accompanied by parents, go to school and take "Human Growth and Development" classes..The Football stadium would have enough seats for everyone to attend.

One girl said that the victim ruined her family. No, but it seems she is well on her way of ruining their reputation even more. Her brother didn't do that badly enough? Like a kid who always has to do something worse then their sibling to get attention from their families. Some behaviors never change. Does she not know in Juvenile Hall they keep the sexes separated? A little time for this loud mouth might teach her the respect for the law this one still hasn't been taught at home. Her family needs intervention.More arrogant teens in this town, but this time it is the girls. Time to show these little #$%$ that bullying a victim will no longer be tolerated!

I was going to comment, but I see Heather has it covered. Thanks.

What the hell is wrong with these kids??   This is why I monitor my kids usage.  Call it censorship, I don't give a damn.   I will control what they are sending out and receiving until they are on their own.  Even longer if I am paying the bill.

The more I hear about Steubenville (forward known as Stupiville) the more I'm convinced it's a schmit-hole little town packed with trailer-trash, #$%$ sucking losers.Threatening a rape victim?  A town full of low-class cowards to be sure.

Holy cow how could these stupid dummies not have learned the consequences of putting things on social media?  Does everyone in Steubenville share one brain cell?  Clearly it wasn't these girls' turn to use the brain cell.

Be a parent people, thats the only real solution to most of the ills of society.

Any idiot who thinks an unconscious girl is fair game for rape would probably think it's OK to have sex with corpses. Just saying.

Someone needs to just remove all technological devices from these kids until they're mature enough to use them.  Were they not aware that none of this stuff is private??  For these two, they'll probably be phoneless and computerless until at least age 55.

Unbelievable!!! I hope they get serious time for this and not just probation! how #$%$ heartless can you be to go after a victim of rape in this manner or to even look at her cross?

They were probably the girlfriends of the rapists. I'm glad they are being punished.Good. They need to learn that big people have rules. Too many little children doing grown people things, thinking they'll get away with it. If their parents won't teach them, the state can.

Can't fix stupid - and they live in Stupidville, Ohio.

Those two should be sent to juvenile hall for a good long stay, then put off their computers for good.

Steubenville, Ohio, a really lousy place to raise your kids....!

So I'm guessing home values around Steubenville aren't exactly going to skyrocket after this.  Parents, how you raise and supervise (or don't) your kids has consequences.

Looks like the people in this city learned absolutley nothing.

What a twisted group in this little town. They think they can do what they want and get away with it. Sounds like this social group of kids and adults are in for some tough lessons. Serves them right for being so arrogant and thinking HS football is even important in the scheme of things.

Those two teenage girls, i presume are on the shallow end of the gene pool.

What kind of kids live in this town? Where are the parents?

The internet has finally allowed girls to be equal bullies to other girls without having to face their victims.The threats must have come from the cheerleading squad,,,the rapists were football players after all,,Lol!

The court needs to make an example of these idiots and make it very public so, these people get the message.

Being held until 03.27.2013 throw they book at them.... cold fish that they are..

Maybe we should lock these girls up with a CONVICTED rapist for the night.

I wonder if these are 'girlfriends' of either Mays or Richmond? The 'stupidness' continues.

OK then.....who's the next idiot?  None of you Stupidvilled people seemed to get a single bit of moral lesson out of this entire mess.  About time to don't you think?

Teenage girls are mean.

That 17-yr old punk should count his blessings that he does not live in Texas. Here, 17-yr olds accused of a crime are automatically prosecuted in adult courts.

Exceptional America seen in this town. Rape is fine with some girls obviously.WHat happend to America?

"... but said that 16 others refused to cooperate."I think we have the first targets identified for the grand jury.That's only a start. You've got about 50 or 60 more people that need to be behind bars over this deal.

Don't these dimwits know that once those things are online there is no way to get rid of them? Even if you delete them there is always a record kept somewhere.

Ditto. The juvenile system will do relatively little. Much of this whole situation has to do with the whole football thug phenomena. In would love to see what their parents are like.

When did stupidity become a part of the core curriculum in schools?

thug life!

Fat, drunk and stupid is no way to go through life...Dean Wormer

Dumb and Dumber......  if you put their two heads together they'd still be short of being a half wit

These little idiots in steubenville just keep getting dumber and dumber... If this is how the children act what in the hell do the parents do that we havent heard about yet??

Do some teeney girls think rape is cool, or something?

I thought that would be next - backlash against the victim and her family for coming forward. Like, "Why do want to put our town through this? Why do you have to rock the boat - no one else has." Sigh.Are teenagers ever going to learn that their tweets and posts are the opposite of private? Over and over and over again.....

this culture of idol worship of sports stars is a religion in America....hummm ...who started it.....hummm...oh yeah the new media.....

Is there something in the water in that town or what?

What was a West Virginia girl doing at an Ohio party?  True, that is no cause for rape!  All parents need to assume tougher, stricter, in-your-face parental control; gang up on their teenagers even to point of following them to determine their whereabouts and their doings; and never think that their teenagers are incapable of going wrong.

Being young stupid and having world wide access at their fingertips is a big part of the proble. In a few years when kids grasp the idea these stunts are following them the rest of their lives, hopefully future kids will think before hitting that 'send" button.

and the victims parents should just say 'cool. someone else to sue'....

I'm so glad they were arrested. They should be banned from using any social media for the next decade.

as i said before in these hick towns  the victim now will be made to be the problem because she got the football team in trouble  she might as well move

Sick, sick, sick.  And that's just the parents who have done such a great job of raising such stellar members of society.I hate to think about what these kids will be like in 10 years.  And they'll reproduce.yikes

This is the last thing that poor girl needs. Others defending the rapists and threatening her. Where are her supporters?! I am one!DIVERSITY is coming to a town near you. And you ain't gonna like it.

These girls are disgusting.  They are going to bully a girl that got raped?!  They obviously have no respect for themselves or the fact that they are also girls.  Talk about ingorant!  Too bad none of these kids parents seem to know what is going on in their own kid's life.  Makes you wonder about the lack of quality in their parenting skills.

That's right "ladies" internet anonymity isn't so anonymous anymore.

lock them up with those two other low lifes

Boy, what a great town!  Everyone who lives there must be really sick and demented.

Blame the stupid parents of these trash kids.

I knew this was going to happen.  :-(  I hope Karma gets these little ****es.  Girls like this made my life a living **** in High School too.

Zero tolerance. Five year old bullies, you are next.

We seem to have a problem finding out where to put toxic waste from nuclear plants. I suggest turning this town into a toxic waste refinery and dump.

What kind of comments are these? This was RAPE. Have you NOT kept up with this? The boys were Convicted. They are Felons. Apparently this happens Regularly in this area. Does that make it Right?She was in the middle of the street vomiting from too much alcohol at one party. They said this goes on all the time. The boys picked her up, put her in their car, started molesting her, Photos to Prove it. And when they got to their next party they carried her in, went into a room and RAPED HER. VIDEO to prove That.What's Wrong with some of you people?I expected the girl might be harassed since this all started. I'm not surprised these young fools did this. They just don't Get It. Clearly they feel the "boys" are the victims here.What is happening in this world.  A 16 year old girl gets raped then other girls want to kill her, wow.  I hope the two girls go to jail also!!!!

This is where our children are going with their mental and social development. Shows what happens when discipline is taken out of the equation. Bottom line, they did not want to listen to their parents when all they faced was the paddle, now they will have to deal with the Federal version of a paddle.

Traci Lords is proved right: it is Stupidville.

but their football team is good! lol. losers

Cudo's to the AG for bringing charges.  I hope they don't just get a slap on the hand.  I know they can't put them in jail but make them pay someway.  What would be nice is if they'd pick up all the kids bullying other kids via media and scare the #$%$ out of them too.

stupidity is gender neutral....

noting pleases teen girls more....calling other girls sluts ...#$%$ shaming seems to make them feel better about their pathetic lives ....

Is this how women fantasizing prisoners start. Will they keep in touch with the rapist's.

So were these girls the girlfriends of the guys charged or what? Why would they threaten the girl who was assaulted? Young people today are just plain depraved. It seems like they have no concept of right or wrong. All the shootings they're doing, not knowing what rape is or not caring about it, and who remembers those boys that teased that bus monitor and posted it on the internet? I'm pointing my finger at the decline of the culture and the lack of parenting. I think the rise of the internet and reality TV is a big reason for the youth being to screwed up too.

they sure grow their kids dumb in Stupidville.Some teenagers don't have to be drunk to be pretty darn stupid.

What is wrong with some of the people in this town? It is like "Children Of The Corn"

and should the community be indicted for treating these high school sport programs like god?

Way, to go Mr. DeWine, from an Ohio resident!

They sure went after those girls faster than they went after the rapists....Bet they willl do more time than the rapists, also.

Bring these trolls out into the light, let them learn their hate will taint them, hurt them, more than anyone else.

Let's see a girl is drunk to unconsciousness... so that means you are allowed to rape her???What kind of sick men and women do we have on this board, who say rape is ok???

The sooner men learn not to mess with any girls. All the better.

16 others refused to cooperate?  Hello?  What the hell is the legal system in Ohio?  A piece of swiss cheese?  If they refuse to cooperate then you subpoena them and make them take the stand!  Besides that, we are talking children here -- not adults -- what a way to teach them about be responsible citizens -- just let them refuse to cooperate!Another note -- the article said they interviewed 27 partygoers -- where in the hell did they get all that alcohol?  Where in the hell were the adults that owned that house?  This just tells me that in Ohio you do what the hell you want and if the law tries to stop you  -- you just flip them the bird and walk away!

What is clear here is that a lot of the rapists and their supporters were so brazen they not only thought they could video tape it... and put it online... and text it to their friends ... and thought that nothing was going to happen to them.Just an audition to get their own reality TV show.

what a sick world we live in now.

Napalming the entire town this is the only way..

Social media continues to be the bane of youth...instead of going out and playing stick ball or something, they wake up, plop down in front of their computer with a frozen pizza, ten cokes and melt into the computer screen for the entire day.Pretty darn sad.

Who produced all these delightful little genetic defects?Must've been hard work raising such finely tuned sociopaths.I know how we stop it. Sterilization.No, really.Don't let these ugly little #$%$ breed.

Out of control teens with a mix of ghetto trash and it yields this result

I wonder what their viewpoints will be if they ever get raped.

everyone that saw it or were present need to spend some time in jail

How sad is it that some people believe just because she drank excessively and passed out that she was open to all that was done to her. SHAME ON YOU!!  Lets hope you are never in her position when calloused comments are made like yours. I would still stand on your side to let you know you didn't deserve this either.....

Straight out of the Stone Age. What's the difference between this and cavemen? Look at the video. They're carrying the female around like a piece of meat back to a cave.... Get guns and plenty of ammunition. Stop feeling guilty over things we never did.  Because they're being groomed to hate us by the media. Be ready to shoot. They're never going to change.I'm glad to see that these threats are taken seriously. It really speaks to the culture and  mentality of some today's youth as well as parenting or lack thereof.Parents need to wake up, get back to teaching how life has many choices with most of them not being good ones.

Stupidville

They need to defund this football program for 2 years and divert the money to the victim. This entire town needs to be punished for the way they raised their children. This is sick that the faculty of this school put the image of the football team above a rape victim. There are a lot of guilty people here besides the filthy slimeballs that did the rape. That immunity thing for those other students is BS they need to be punished for participating in this crime and the staff that advised the students to delete the images on their phones need to be fired and charge with a felony for aiding a felon, that is actually how the law works. If you kill someone and I help you dispose of the body I am just as guilty as you. This whole story disturbs me on so many levels, my heart bleeds for that poor girl having to deal with all this, while her attackers whine about how unfair their sentence is. Unfair? How fair were you with the victim, these people should never be released.

Not a town I would want to live in with my children.

I just do not understand this.  What could possibly be the girls' motivation for doing this?  The original incident was horrendous enough, this simply defies reason and common sense to say nothing of the slightest bit of sympathy.  I'm presuming they're either related or girlfriends of the original perpetrators.

Not a good time to be a citizen of steubenville. I hope the young girl can gather up the pieces and be whole again.

It's not about football, but about an athletic culture that exists in schools across the continent where students, coaches and administrators believe that they are entitled to things differently than normal people. It can also be seen in politics with the Berlusconi "Bunga Bunga" parties and the Strauss-Kahn allegations of sexual impropriety.

Darn gonna have to take Steubenville off the top ten places to visit in Ohio.

I wish I was surprised, but women can often be even more cruel to other women than men can ever manage.

You taught them to read, write, walk and eat.  Then you taught them to dial, photograph and text(tweet).  It would seem that many parents forgot to teach them accountability, moral values and responsibility.These chicks are obviously these jocks' groupies...

"rape victim" is unnecessary.  It is illegal to make threats against anyone.

this town is one step below the flinstones bedrock town.

Juvenile indeed..

By the way, you know the scenes in "Silence of the Lambs" when Agent Starling is hunting Buffalo Bill in the Ohio River town?  The seedy down at the heels neighborhoods and the litter strewn street with the passing coal train; cold, dreary and dead?  Steubenville, OH!  Look a the photos on Google Images.  Yes Sir!  All that investment in high school football has sure paid off!  Much more useful than a Math Club or Chess Club.

Little thugs learn from big thugs.....

these girls must be the baby mamas

Good!  They should have a very harsh punishment so others will know what not to do!!!!!  Terrible!!!!

This girl is a minor - what criminal news organization broadcast her identity?

Now the rest of the team can rape these 2 girls who send the threat to the raped girl. Seems they would enjoy the rapeThe whole town caters to the football team and the school. The team members get whatever they want no matter who they hurt to get it. The town needs to step back and remember all children have a right to be free from hate and bullying in every form. Shame on this town for permitting this kind of behavior!!!

how stupid is stupid? recording yourself committing a felony...? transmitting the evidence to other devices...? or sending threats over social media?this is real life kids. NOT a video game. There is no 'start over'......

Wow, these girls didn't learn a damn thing, did they?

Blame lack of parenting and public schools, while you're at it. It seems we spend more time in schools now trying to teach kids how they should feel instead of how to think. Anyone else notice how many people these days think that whole freedom of speech thing means they can be as insulting as they want to others with no consequence? These two learned the hard way, just because you can say anything you want, doesn't mean you should say anything you want.

What the hell is wrong with some people, they always need some reason to destroy another person in any way they can. These girls need to do some time.

How stupid are kids these days? You put it on the internet and its there FOREVER! How is this a difficult concept to grasp?

I am soooo embarrassed to be from Ohio right now. Every time I hear news on this story I am infuriated at the perpetrators, the media, the bad parenting, and the absolutely revolting mentality of the whole situation. Ugh.

They didn't "listen" to the judge's speech at the trial because it couldn't possibly apply to them.  Someone needs to start teaching their kids "common sense&gt;'  Of course all the years of the telling them smoking wasn't good for them didn't work, did it?

Oh their parents must be SO proud... I sure do miss ethics and civility.... :(

Children are dumb and stupid if they can and do make these kinds of mistakes in life.It appears Ohio has suffered from an exodus of intellegant people.

What are these kids growing up to be, and just WHO, if anyone is teaching them!!  I hope these 2 girls are made to pay whatever price the law allows!!!

And alcohol is legal ? dumdum !

What's next?

the whole dam town defends those two rapists, what the hell, don't these people have any ethics at all, no wonder those boys did what they did, it seems they were allowed to act anyway they pleased. Shame on you people.

Shameful behavior.  Just shameful.

sick n twisted..wow

Unfortunately what's happening in this town represents the minds of the teenage culture in this country. Something needs to change - fast!

They really can't make kids and more stupid than this. Two idiots go on social media to attack a rape victim who was victimized by two idiots who posted their crime on social media.Kids these days!P.S. Too many parents are out-right failures. This proves we need to stop people from having babies. Abortion on demand and sterilization are the answer.

Gee, Teenagers and social media with no mental filter.The whole thing is just so stupid and senseless and meaningless. Teens' lifes just flushed down the toilet.

Twitter and Facebook will be the destroyers of Western civilization.  When are idiots going to learn that when you put something on the internet ANYONE can see it?  Glad they got arrested though, menacing a rape victim is appalling.

Maybe the should charge the news medias that put her name out there I the first place.

Wow like this girl isn't dealing with enough. Saddest that the threats came from girls too. Makes me wonder what is in the water there?

Stunning.  That's the only word possible for such stupidity.  Stunning.  For them to be aware of an entire criminal trial largely built upon incriminating evidence via recovered social media, then to threaten the victim through the same internet media.  Don't know whether to laugh or just *facepalm*

Glad those 2 aren't my daughters.   I would have to stomp the #$%$ out of them.   Then send them to a juvenile detention facility.   I hope they get a substantial sentence given the gravity of the charge and the viciousness of what they did.   I really don't care what their parents think either.   Then again the way these two girls are, I doubt seriously their parents ever did care or they would not be doing that.   Defend a rapist!!!?   Give me a break!

Just where are our moral standards going?

It is fitting that when you put the word Steubenville into google, the first word that comes up after it is RAPE.

It was a death threat,that is a felony and she should be tried for it.

I think we have hit an all time low when girls are harassing rape victims.And oh man it makes me happy to see these #$%$ boys cry. I asked my teenaged sons what they would do if they witnessed something like this..it certainly wasn't "share the pics on Twitter". Let me go rewind the crying and laugh some more.

The Attorney is correct, This type of activity by our young peple has to be stopped, and the people procescuted to the full extent of the law

People ask why they are so stupid.  The answer is that it is a matter of natural selection.  Anyone with any (1) intelligence, or (2) ambition, or (3) education, gets out of places like Steubenville, OH as quickly as they can.  If you don't leave, you are clearly lacking in one or more of these qualities; and the remaining residents are, well.... stupid, uneducated or just don't care.  Thus you end up with this repulsive drama from the tribal regions of Flyoverstan.

After working for seventeen years at a high school, you learn that during the sports season, the key athletes can get away with anything within the school.  There are special classes to bring their grades up to a "C" so that they are eligible to play in the game the next day or that night, expensive shoes, things like that are bought for the athletes, to ensure that they have the proper equipment, fees are waived.  It seems that the boys just forgot because you get away with things in school, that isn't the case in the real world.  More than likely, they figured the school and the public would look the other way.   Many high schools seem to stress the sports aspect instead of the actual learning.  You would be amazed at how many kids are sent through the system, for whatever reason, and they can't read or even do basic math.

This is quite a town they have down there in the buckeye state. Moral-less and heartless males. Stupid drunk girls who put themselves in stupid situations that your average 12 year old would find idiotic. Girls who threaten a sexual assault victim with death.The common theme you ask?? Useless, #$%$, moronic parents who are nowhere to be found and have failed miserably at teaching their sons basic human decentcy, failed at teaching their daughters basic responsiblility and self respect, and are so far detatched from their kids lives that they are able to be out all night drinking and sexually assaulting eachother without ever being asked where they are.

These are the teenage version of the kids you see on Super Nanny before she intervenes. The two girls either have a crush on the boys and have not figured out the boys are done OR they want the same level of media coverage the boys got.  Not kidding, people will do anything to get their name out there.  Kim K and her whole family got a show because of a porn take; what can I get for threatening this girl?  Hopefully jail time.

This is how sad gets sadder.

What is it with these posts?!  Suddenly people are declaring Ohio some horrible state where everyone is a mental case, people have turned this horrible ordeal into a political debate (of course) and others are just on here to spread more hate.  I would think there has been enough trauma for the victim and her family to have gone through without strangers who don't even know her or her attackers making assumptions about her life, their life or the town and state!  Stop pointing fingers and look in your own backyard!!!!!!!!!!!

Napalm the entire town...no good left to come from that #$%$ hole

Not only do people refuse to accept personal responsibility, their families support the refusal.  Nice.Some call the Ohio town "Stupidville."

...and there you have it- just disgusting little pigs, the product of our society.

Maybe they can sentence those girls to the same faultily they sent the boys, make it co-ed?

WHAT kind of trash would even think about harassing a rape victim??? Those girls probably believe that it is their duty to service each and every guy in their school!!! How sad for them and their future!

not once any of these articles does it mention going after the parents who let their kids stay out until 4 or 5 in the morning or the person who served the alcohol, everything is about avoiding personal responsibilty for their actions

This town needs to stop and reflect on the extremely poor job they have collectively done in raising their children.  They need to make serious changes.

WOW , now just how fmessed-up is our justice system ?? , they'd have gottem more time for selling drugs or traffic violations , dam  and all those little pricks that video taped this instead of stopping it should be charged with something , and mabye the parents aswell ??

I am not a fan of knee-jerk reactionism or lawsuits, but it seems to me the victim and her family should sue, sue, sue to get enough $$ to move away from this hateful and low-class part of the country. I am astounded at the sheer size of the 'coverup' and the actions of almost the entire community. I Hope the young victim is able to heal and start a new life away from this trash.

This town needs to end its high school football program, at least for the next few years.  The sport and idolatry of the players is keeping much of the town from thinking straight.

The alleged rape occurred at prosecutor Jane Hanlin’s home, and that her son may have been involved.Those two girls are no better than the guys who raped the victim.

Two 16  Y.O. girls threaten the 16 Y.O. female victim of rape and abuse, in defense of the macho wannabemen perps... .   Sounds like a script for a LMN movie.  Let's think of a great plot to the story where the threatening brat-slaves meet justice and reality in a life lesson.Or, just send them to me during their summer break.  I'll show them what 'touch football' is all about.

Stupidville Ohio needs it's water checked.

i guess the rapist boys in juvjail will now have some girl friends too

Unfortunately the rape culture that exists in this country not only condones the actions of rapists, it encourages and applauds those actions.  We, as a society, need to stop this insidious thinking.  Rapists learn from a very early age that the disrespectful and even heinous treatment of another human being is acceptable.  Most rapists see nothing wrong with what they're doing.  Popular comedians use rape jokes because our society isn't taught how truly unacceptable this crime is.  Don't be a part of that audience.  Don't laugh at someone's misguided attempt to be funny. This just isn't funny. Most rapes go unreported because victims are continuously victimized after the crime.  The rape statistics are 1 in 3 women. ONE IN THREE WOMEN!  Many women suffer in silence.  End the rape culture.

Im willing to bet that the two girls who threatened the rape victim are the girlfriends of the two rapist boys. Just like a wife who refuses to accept that her husband is cheating on her, even though all the facts and evidence are there, these two girls are in denial about who is really to blame for the rape. (Its the two boys where were found delinquent/guilty, dears!)

How about investigating the coaches and high school officials who condoned and covered up this sickening mess?

These girls used social media to threaten the victim of a crime that was only discovered because those involved in that crime basically bragged about it on social media sites. Ironic stupidity really should be a crime.

it just gets better

It's not about football, but about an athletic culture that exists in schools across the continent where students, coaches and administrators believe that they are entitled to things differently than normal people. It can also be seen in politics with the Berlusconi "Bunga Bunga" parties and the Strauss-Kahn allegations of sexual impropriety.Man, it runs deep in Stupidville.

I'm beginning to see why they call it "Stupidville".

Its thoughtful of all the partyn teenagers(the age when you're smarter than parents, teachers, etc) in Steubenville to leave such a nice neat electronic trail.

Folks, here is a thought for you. It is exactly from small, messed up little towns like this across the midland of this country that the vast majority of our troops are recruited from. Our military is filled with the bored, restless, sick offspring from insular, ignorant, backwards places like this. These are our nation builders. Reassuring, isn't it?

What the heck is wrong with kids these days?

why are these females pro-rape? what kind of parents are raising these ignorant savages?

wow, really girls? this could easily be you seeing how these boys have no morals, no concious, NO BRAINS!, and sadly, no empathy... or have you already willingly sent pic's of yourselves naked to them and all over the net and think this is a good idea?

Round them all up -- including the parents, coaches, police, ANYONE who knew about it and tried to cover it up -- and throw 'em all in jail.  Set an example FOR ONCE.

I just noticed the comment "it's beginning to look like the whole town is trash" .... I couldn't agree more! I'm so happy I, nor anyone I know, lives anywhere near that place!

Just what kind of justice hands down 1 and 2 years for rape ?As for these misguided girls whom obviously lack any type instructional parenting need to do some time as well .Lots of mean people in the world.

You liberal elitists don't understand where these people are coming from.  These football jocks are important pillars in the community.  If the people of this community didn't have highschool football to distract them, they would have no choice but to come to grips with the fact that they are nothing but provincial, narrow-minded, low-life hicks who will never amount to anything in life.

Insulting dirt..these girls are dumber than dirt... the Sheriff is a torally jackidiot.. I don't care if a girl is the biggest prostitute she doesn't deserve to be raped" in essence he call the victim a hoooor! What a donkeyheadsrearend!

Just wait.  The parents of the girls will be blaming the rape victim too.  It takes a village to raise a child rapist.

Teenage students need to appreciate other things in life, namely, cloud formations and old TV western re-runs, like Rawhide.

I think all of the news networks should be fined exhorbitantly for telling the world this young girl's name. It's illegal, for one, to disclose the name of an underage sexual assault victim. I am glad to see Mike DeWine stepping up to then plate and showing that online threats against this girl won't be tolerated. Throw the book at both of those girls, and anyone else who wishes to follow in their shoes.

The "Dumbing" on America...

The youth of this town is a reflection of the generation before them... so sad.  Perhaps they should consider renaming the city, "Stupidville".

Stories like this are why I watch  the jeopardy childrens, teens, and college tournaments.  These young people and the overwhelming majority of fine young Americans in our military gives me hope for the future.

Anonymous also claimed to have uncovered additional information suggesting a coverup. While the county prosecutor and the judge in the case recused themselves because of their ties to the football team, the hackers say there are more attackers, as well as more victims. Moreover, they claim the alleged rape occured at prosecutor Jane Hanlin’s home, and that her son may have been involved. They also point to ties between Steubenville law enforcement and the football team.It would appear this whole town needs to learn that football isn't more important than the safety of children and good morals. Apparently the football team needs to be disbanded for a while until these people get it through their heads that It's a activity not a lifestyle.

Now, why doesn't the NCAA and the NFL ban this schools football program from future activity for 5 years.  All the players on the team involved cannot become in a NCAA-sanctioned event or join the NFL.Now, what kind of message would this send to all these kids.Shades of Jerry Sandusky

It's very simple, parents have not done their duty to their children by not teaching them right from wrong. You can't plop them in front of a TV or video game and expect them to learn civility, it must be taught at home. It is not the duty of the school system to teach kids the golden rule. Take RESPONSIBILTY or don't have children.

Sounds like grand jury should see if these girls were at the party

that town is out of control....  what else goes on there????????????????/

And here is where we learn some of the reasonable restrictions on our Freedom of Speech. Take note, if you're one who likes to abuse others with your "Freedom of Speech," Consequences are lessons.

They should shut down their football program. They aren't qualified or stable enough to have football in that town.

I know that in the Middle East, the "seat of morality," rape victims are regularly charged with adultery for being irresistible to their rapists... I feel fairly sure this isn't what was going on here. Maybe these girls were upset that their football heroes were being sent to jail... or maybe they had crushes on these young "heroes." Bloody stupid kids at any rate. Send them to juvvy for a couple of years as well, I say.

I wonder how these two teenage girls would feel if they had been raped and then someone threatened them?   So stupid, and now they will pay for that threat.  I hope everyone who was involved in that attack on that poor girl gets what's coming to them.  Someone should have stopped that attack, and every one of the people who knew or witnessed it is guilty.  They know who they are and I hope they remember this for the rest of their lives, as that poor girl will.  Shame on them all.

The thugs are getting younger and more insane everyday while the education spending skyrockets across the nation. Correlation, perhaps?Seems to me most of that whole town is insane...

The fact those stupid girls are related to one of those disgusting rapists does a lot to explain the mentality of that pig Ma'Lik.I've said it for years...we need to take extracurricular sports out of schools and privatize them.  Put good ol' gym class back in for ALL students.  Schools revolve around sports, not education or academics these days...and its not the brains who are the rock stars, but the athletes.The way society idolizes pro-athletes, even those with prison records, doesn't help either.

Sounds like Jealousy to the extreme.

great parenting for all involved

why not arrest all yahoo posters they threaten obama and bush every second

Dumb bi  tches. Ohio white trash.

Go get them Judge! Threats, postings, Twittering and Facebook this poor girl's tragedy should not be tolerate period. What is wrong with our kids today? Have we not taught them anything????

Someone close to me was a victim of rape and the adult offender only did 18months of a four year sentence,the justice system is in decline along with society.

Steubenville is a seriously evil place. Parents, cops, kids. Good Lord!

Those two boys were just convicted largely because of their talking openly about their crime through social media. I guess these girls aren't paying any attention at all to what is going on around them.Wonder what opposing teams are going to yell at their football team next year?  I wonder what parent will want their son to be on this football team next year.

Hunt em down and lock em up.

Put these little sluts in jail as well!

Court ordered removal of ALL electronic access for two years.  No internet, no cell phone.

its about time somebody jumps on this kind of stuff on the net.

What is this Children of the Corn 2013? Too many of America's children are getting way out of line and it seems it will continue to get worse. At least the crime was recorded so that the victim can get some justice out of it, but these diaper stains deserve more than just a stint in Juvi! All onlookers at that party should be drug before a judge and do time.

Wow, stay classy, Steubenville.  Sounds like you churn out some real winners there.

Shakespears said " Kill the lawyers, kill them tonight"And Bobby said "Then we'll truely be free"

I am proud law enforcement is taking a proactive stance on this issue. People issuing these threats need to be shown that no one is playing with them.

everyone knows by now how the police gathered evidence against the two guys who abused the girl through social media. now i know the two girls who threatened the victim are just teens but how F@kin stupid are they to use the exact same means to threaten her?America wake up. This is the new generation of Americans we are raising. God help us all!

I hope they cancel the football season, lay off all 27 coaches and tear down the 10,000 seat stadium.  (Really, a 10,000 seat stadium in a town of 20,000?  The school board has some serious problems with their priorities.)

Toss the two girls into a mens prison for a week. The old saying goes 'walk a mile in anothers shoes' What better way for them to understand what this girl has gone thru than to feel it themselves.

What the hell is wrong with this town? Is everyone screwed up. Where are the parents? Throw the book at ALL of these jerks. My God, what a messed up set of priorities to allow this to happen.

It is especially disgusting that it's other girls threatening a rape victim. Let's see how much they like it if it happens to them. I hope they get the maximum penalty under the law. Why don't they post their names so we can all see who these effing b's are? They should also be ostracized by the whole town. I can't believe the effing POS rapists themselves got so little time.

I hope their parents come down on them hard because the kids are young and dumb

Were are the PARENTS?  They should be charged.

Mob Mentality: the future of America.

Send them to the ghettos of Chicago.

As a previous article stated the "culture of arrogance" surrounding Midwest football is astounding.  This is a good indication of how pervasive this problem is. The victim is the bad-guy because now football is ruined and the gods have been dethroned.  This town has a lot to learn.  Kudos to the DA going after these girls and anyone else arrogant, stupid, or dangerous enough to attack a rape victim in support of her convicted attackers.I would like to see the girls spend some time away.

When is the hate going to stop?  It is so sad that these young people know nothing but hate.If only the government who is in charge of this nation could open their eyes long enough to start looking at the mess our younger generation is becoming and work to improve things so we won't have to wonder just what kind of future leaders we are bringing up here.The government trying to go to anything goes type of country is ruining the future for our young people today.

Good job! We really shouldn't let stuff like this slide. These girls are disgusting.

the parents in this place are lookin BAD

Steubenville could be a great site for making a movie like River's Edge. Conscience and Morality just flew out the window!

Print their names and post their pictures....age should be NO EXCUSE.

Were they the daughters of any of the 27 coaches by any chance ?

maybe the two should be raped and then give an opinion.

These girls deserve to be punished for their actions, just like the boys in this case.  Kids need to understand that actions have consequences.

Revenge, I have realized, is the purest of motivations. Incentive to be stupid!!It is neat how a regular person can be chared with failing to report a crime but the government can ignore any citizens call for help because no one by law is entitled to police protection.

Time to throw the book at someone and make some examples. Come on folks we are talking football. I'm a fan of the game and can hardly wait for Fall but some perspective here. This girl (victim) clearly made some bad choices who at that age hasn't. But these guys just actions just because they play ball are unacceptable. They are not promising young men, they are thugs plain and simple. And now these two other girls think thugs are cool 'cause they play ball'. I would hope a court will make an example of them as well. This lack of empathy is the making of some serious criminal types. The problem with the guards at the camps in Europe in the late 1930's and early 40's was a lack of empathy.

Just more proof of the fact that teenage brains are not functioningon the same level as adult brains. Remember the last part of the brain to develop is the reasoning, and consequential thinking.

Two girls threatening another girl who was brutally raped and dehumanized....what were they thinking????    This poor victim has been violated in the worst way a woman could be, and now these idiots are blaming the victim.  They are sick and I hope they are seriously punished for making these threats....what trash they are.

The victim did NOT get these boys in trouble, the boys got themselves into trouble.

Sad country we live in - in the "conservative" area too.  Nice christan values there - rape and intimidation.

That town has some real problems. Parents in that area need to grab their kids by the rear ends and put a real hard squeeze on them... but wait, aren't the parents also in favor of the oys that did this and were found guilty by law.... Yep, that town has some real problems.

Where are the leaders and parents at in this community? Will someone please talk to these kids!! Rape is not a joke! And it is two young girls making the threats!?! Wow! It could have been them laying on the floor being video taped! Someone please wake this community up!

Both girls should also be charged with ignorance and stupidity.

Ha, ha, maybe Honey Boo Boo can teach the people of this town some manners and respect for the law? There is an episode I might be tempted to watch.What a sad place to raise a child, girl or boy.

Brace yourself for more of it. Her life won't be worth living when those inbred hicks are done with her.

There is always some dumb girls willing to fight for the football players...do their homework, be their booty calls while the guys have no respect for them.

And you wonder why teens kill other teens.  Make another example and put them away until 21.  Give them time to think about what they just did.  Same as the boys.  Hope they give more time to the boys also.  They just never learn.

Both girls should be jailed until 21.  And you wonder why teens kill other teens.  They just don't get it.  Set another example and put these two away.

They need to throw the book at these two young ladies and all who watched the rape without lifting a finger to help!

"Children" do not consider forcibly penetrating others. These losers should be punished as adults. Lock em up for life in a cell with a guy named "Bubba". Or Master Bubba to them.

The bad news, The Steubenville football team isn't expected to win 2 games this season. The good news, The Ohio State Juvenile Corrections Institute Team is picked to win the national championship! You better hurry, the season tickets are going like hotcakes. ROFL

Ohio voted for Obama

What a sick town raising such sick children.These young women who are now locked up in the Jefferson County Juvenile Detention Center were found out because online hacktivists were monitoring twitter and Facebook.  The threats were immediately forwarded to the Sheriff's department in Steubenville.  What arrogance for some of the elite in Steubenville that they think they can commit crimes and brag about it on social media.  Meanwhile, the rape victim has to have armed guards at her home because of numerous death threats.  CNN feels bad for the convicted rapists.

I wonder how they would feel if they were rape victims????

if these girls have fathers he needs to bend them over and give them a good old fasion a(s)(s) beating.

These girls are probably the kind that would go to a club underage, dress like sl.uts, get their fill of men, and then cry rape to get money out of the unsuspecting guys who slept with them. Sick little brats have no idea what the world is really like, and when they find out...

well, if these girls get sent to juvenile detention, they just might find out what she is going through.

The girls must have been upset to see their boyfriends making out with another girl. The  boys might have been lucky not to be shot, stabbed 27 times and have their throats cut.

Is the whole town inbred with stupidity or what?

My guess is that rape is rampant in Stubenville High, and that those that complain about it just aren't popular. What other message is there?

do any ADULTS have any control over there kids in this IDIOT TOWN?

What high morals rape defenders have.Why somebody would want to get freaky with anyone who is poopfaced is totally beyond me. Where's the thrill when the most you can hope for is that they don't throw up all over you?

Where were the parents? They need to be arrested as well. Consumption of Alcohol by minors in your home for one. No supervision. etc..

Good.  Now go after the adults who tried to cover it up.

Put these 2 girls in a female juvenile detention with some hardcore female gang members. Then put the word out that these girls threatened a rape victim. Let's see who gets slashed first.

who's raising these children? Are there ANY responsible adults anywhere in this town?? How can 2 young boys have a naked teenage girl in their basement overnight and no parents knew about this??   And now girls are threatening the victim.....The entire town needs an intervention......

Those 16 others who refused to cooperate are low-life #$%$.  Karma will take care of it though, I'm sure.

There appears to be a whole LOT of stupid going around in this town....

The  stupidity continues.

The joke of this is that this is a place where these "townies" have nothing better to do than to live vicariously through their football "heroes" who are nothing but a bunch of snot nosed punk #$%$ kids that have accomplished absolutely nothing.  They feel like they have because of these foolish parents who worship them, but in reality they are just bratty kids.  This is a great wake up call for the kids and their parents who did such a poor job raising them.

These demonic girls are vile, evil cowards that should be put in jail or possibly even on death row, trash, we don't need them at all. Useless roaches. Sewer pigs they are.Ha-Ha their not laughing now,are they?Im sure that they were when they did it but not now.

What an incredibly unsafe culture for girls in that town.

What have we done to our children?

I am not at all surprised.  Not to sound like an old fogey, but teens today are an absolute nightmare.  They are self-centered (even more than is normal for teenagers), rude, hostile, uncaring about the property or rights of others, foul mouthed, little snots.  I saw two male teens in a parked (illegally, of course!!) car; one got out and tossed his trash in the street, got something from his car, got back into the other car, and they drove away.  So I went over and picked up his trash and set in on his car.  I hope it angered him.  Sure, two wrongs, etc., but I am sick of these teens being disrespectful of others.  Shame on the parents; not all parents, but most.

Call me old school, but the world was a much better place for our kids without Facebook, Twitter, texting, and the internet....

DeWine is on a roll.  You go, sir, get'em all !

The victim &amp; her mom, need to move away from there. The vic needs to get a fresh start somewhere else. And then be a little more careful on who she associates with, and lay off the booze, and conduct herself a little more properly. So that she doesn't put herself in that situation again.

Yet two more examples of absolutely TERRIBLE parenting.

The girls (and certainly their parents) wouldn't think this was "funny" if they were the rape victims!

Stick to Marijuana and you won't have to worry about passing out and/or getting Raped !!!Wow.  Pathetic.  I don't even know where to begin on the horror I feel about these girls.  "White trash?"  Don't think I've ever used that term before, but maybe it fits.

WOW!!!  How sad.  and these kids are our future???  Please let them STAY in Steubenville, OH.  #$%$ are the parents doing while the kids are out doing what the hell they want???  Doesn't sound like this town has ANY control over their kids!!!  I sure wouldn't want to tell anyone I live there!!!

Oh side note...I hope they sentence these 2 girls to Juvey for a while...maybe then the town and the parents will WAKE UP and realize that they need to get a grip on their children...

Glad the State Attorney General DeWine is involved to clean up this devious little town.

Now, we're going to hear, how they are good little girls,and their young, and kids will be kids. If the parents of this school, don't want to teach their children how to behave, the police will. This is not something that can be swept under the run, the world is watching.

I'm sure those girls will sing another tune when they are gang raped by the football team...Oh they wanted it to happen, right?

It starts at home, folks. It all starts at home. Back in the day, parents took the time to TEACH their kids right from wrong. Don't spare the rod!

Like the victim hasnt gone thru enough...

To these two young girls:  Jane Doe did not ruin your families.  The boys did this to themselves.  I am so glad they did not get away with it.  They were so smug at the beginning. They knew what they were doing was wrong, but thought they were entitled to behave like this.  They found out they are not.  Your reactions tell me there is lots wrong in your family.

I guarantee that they are a couple of worthless COWS with to much time on their hands.must be some thing in the water??

more proof of just how stupid ohio children are !

i guess nothing is surprising anymore.  i sincerely hope the victim has a few intelligent people around to support her.  i wonder if any of them can think back to a party that they don't remember much of...  it is possible they have been victims themselves.  the victim in the case may not have ever know this happened to her without the social media avenues.  there are probably more girls here, and elsewhere, that don't even know they were assaulted.

I bet their parents are very proud of them.What a nice town.I think this crime is as bad as the act of rape.Deeply shocked at this behaviour.Sounds like the whole school needs a clean up.

all i can say is...shame on them.

even if a teen acts like lindsey lohan drinking, partying, and hanging around with alpha male a-holes, u do not blame them when they get abused. u might not like her but u have to respect her. and definitely DONT THREATEN ANYONE. repect everyone, no matter who they are

where are the parants!

They should ROT in jail with the 2 other dirtbags

You know, in the early 80's on my thirtyeth B-day party, i left my own party because i had a big decision to make, i decided i was'nt going to have kids, i was a 5 year cop and could see where society was heading(Iwas right) i would have wanted to raise my kids like my dad did me(would'nt have worked) On top of that i'am irish catholic! I'am supposed to have at least 6 kis! The Vactican probably has a warrant out for me..lol

Ohio has always been this way. That is why I only go there to dumb my trash.Ok, were they really intending on "killing" this girl?  No, highly doubtful.  However, a very thorough #$%$ beating in public and humiliated in public would be befitting.  I know, I know, put them in jail, but to a 15 and 16 year old, getting their #$%$ stomped and humiliated is probably worse.  Break their noses.  Black both eyes.

hey john----maybe the fine needs to include  the stipulation that the girls are required to work and raise the money themselves, and not be able to be paid by the parents----just garner the check----after they make about 20,000   and keep none of it------then okay

When we were kids our stupidity only propagated as far as our own high school or perhaps--if said stupidity was epic enough--to neighboring high schools.  Nowadays social media allows local teenage stupidity to saturate an entire nation.  Do not believe for an instant that all youth is similar to these insipid fools.  It is not.  We as a society are not as doomed as some people would like you to believe.

those girls are trash just like the perps

apparently they have no moral values.  they couldn't possibly even respect theirselves if they believe that the victim is the problem here.  as for those two boys, their parents should have taught them a whole lot better.  i don't think anyone has a right to take it upon themselves to violate a helpless individual.  and if u are that drunk u are helpless.

Maybe they wished it was them

Throw them in jail also and let them think about what they did. Probably two cheerleaders that were told by the football coach to do that, if so throw him in jail also.  The town must just live for HS Football and this is a blow to their entertainment.  Get a Life!  The victim should move far away from that town!

Those that refused to cooperate should be hauled into court and prosecuted possibly for obstruction of justice.  They should change the name of that town to Stupidville.

Thank You to state Attorney General Mike DeWine for seeing this case through to the end, and then some. Thank you for continuing the investigation and hopefully, some of the adults will be reminded of their parental responsibilities. And KUDOS to you and your team for arresting those stupid and cowardly girls who showed how low their class really is.

Our male human spieces of planet Earth need to F*g Off until we fix their damage!They should ban Facebook and Twitter long before they ban semi automatic weapons

Put these girls away too. Teach these kids a lesson their parents are so obviously unwilling or incapable of doing.

please don't tell me their cheerleaders..

The next step is for society:  that is, parents, the schools, the law, and employers to take bullying seriously, and put a stop to it! This rape was bullying taken one step too far. This rape likely wouldnt have happened if anyone involved had the common decency to know when just joking around ends and harassment begins. But when bullies are continually allowed to get away with whatever they're doing, there's no clear line between whats a joke, and whats harassment. The law defined that line, and justice clarified it for all the confused.

what i don't get is why they are blaming the victim/survivor....and our society does it ALOT.I was the victim of rape and I was shocked at how many people wanted to blame me.....instead of the predator. There is something really really wrong with wanting to blame the innocent instead of the real bad person....and yes she drank and and she was 16 but I am sure everyone posting has never drank under age.....it is so much easier for people to judge her and what she did wrong then say these boys were disturbed and they need to be punished....instead of helping her they hurt her dearly.....she will live with this for the rest of her life.....unless you have had this happen to you, you could never ever understand.....please just don't blame the victim....it is sickning....

Just when you think people can't be anymore pathetic.

Stubenville should be renamed Garbageville.

This sort of #$%$ has always go on, only thing is, in 2013 it is in the national news.

These girls should be sent to a man's jail and get raped.....then they will think twice next time about threatening someone.  A year in jail will also change their thinking. They should also publish the girls names.

Thanks to CNN. They thought the rape victim did something wrong.'16 others refused to cooperate'???  Seriously???  The judge should put them in contempt and throw them in jail until they start talking!  Unbelievable.

I think I need to stop reading the news. I am so depressed in regards to the lack of basic human decency....  I said it before, will say it again, PARENTS, GET OFF YOUR TABLETS/PHONES AND RAISE YOUR KIDS!!! TEACH THEM RIGHT FROM WRONG, MORALS, AND CONSIDER TAKING THEM TO A PLACE OF WORSHIP EVERY ONCE IN A WHILE!

thinking these girls are above the law, who taught them that?

They should release both of their names to the media.  Along with all the names of those that stood around or exchanged texts and did absolutely nothing about.   Would also be good to pass that list along to all of the colleges in the country just for their consideration when these punks decide to apply....

Thank all of these vile reality shows like Jersey Shores.  Glamorizing and making stars out of despicable behavior and serving as role models on violating common decency and laws.  These were Ohio girls and the West Virginian victim crossed state lines and caused lots of trouble with her drunken, lewd behavior.  Not defending what the Ohio kids did boys and girls, but ever think that those 2 girls might be the "girl friends" of the jailed juveniles?  I mean, the West Virginian invited the 2 boys to the parties and expressed an interest in Mays.  This incident will probably be filmed or made into a TV movie with the "victim" profiting richly when some think she also should be prosecuted.  Even her own girl friends that were with her, picked her up and brought her home, testified against her.  We have 5 year olds killing toddlers for a tricycle, 8 year olds shooting tourists on a street corner for coming too close to their "crack corner" and not being a customer.  But we ruin otherwise promising careers without a blemish on their record.  They are children too emulating NFL stars and groupies and reality TV.

I see more crazy krap coming out of ohio than any other state...how's the demo ticket working for you?

What the hell is wrong with this town?? Are the parents teaching their children ANYTHING about morals and integrity??

take these girls and toss them into boys juvey, since they like them so much...let them experience what the victim experienced, day in and day out, for a month or so...

Let's get the names of the girls that did this.  The victim's name was made public, so why not these 2 creeps?

I don't know if any of you saw this today, but on HLN Tiffanie Davis Henry (Tweet her PLEASE!) complained that these girls should have known better than to post this stuff on social media sites.  IOW her concern was for the girls, and that the girls posted these threats publicly, rather than even implying in any way that the problem was that these guys raped the victim.  Tweet away....congratulations mom and dad!!............what a great job you have done raising these 2 monsters...............woof!!

Sad but not shocking the children of today need more discipline, love and attention versus old school. People demonize religion but surely the further we get from it being shunned in schools and other places the worse the violence is getting towards our children and amongst them. I am not sure what people are doing to fail their children but it's showing more and more America is loosing it's grip on the youth. My heart is heavy for our children I wish I could touch them and spread my arms wide enough.

ohio,they will soon be what california is,another lib cesspool ,they sold their votes to obama ,and their souls to satan.

We should ALL be responcible for our own Actions. What a radical concept.

Stop defending guilty rapists people! Those football idols are nothing more then below average young men guilty of raping a female. WHAT IF IT WAS YOUR MOM, AUNT, SISTER, COUSIN, GF or WIFE? Huh?﻿

Parents of Stupidville! If you are decent people then move your families to a town with mkral.decency and a healthy perspective on what high school athletics is supposed to positively teach your children!

What the f is the culture in this town??? Are there no adults teaching their children right from wrong?

One of these girls is a cousin to one of the boys, it was stated in the tasteless comment she left. If anything she should be embarassed for being related to such trash.

Let the whales take over. We have failed as a species. (Hey folks - let's see how many people give me a thumbs-down - you'll be able to take a percentage and see how many creeps there are in very ten that pass you on the street!)

i thought they were going away until they were 21 as soon as they were found guilty...now its only one and two years respectively!! getting out at 21 was too light a punishment, but now.. we have to take a serious look at our legal system..not just when it comes to drugs, but as a wholeAre all the people in Flyoverstan brutal and stupid?

I hope this is a lesson to the youth who think they can say or post whatever on the internet.

Bad white trash women - I am also embarrassed one of the rapists is white.  This is not the diversity we are looking for.

I was hoping this would at least be a lesson to teens about consequences of bad choices, and then I read that the "victim" is now the object of persecution. What the @#$%!!

"Something is  rotten in Steubenville" and it's not only the rapists and those who watched and found humor in a person being sexually assaulted,it appears that many more in this "quaint" town are more concerned about "sports" than they are about "human dignity!"The rancour by some,especially girls, against the "victim" is incredulous!  C'est Tragique!!  :-((

Old song:  "you got to be a football hero.........."

These 2 girls are probably the type of girls these guys are used to being around.  It was their bad luck that they managed to get involved with the only "angel" in that town..

Can 15, 16 and 17 year olds really be so STUPID? Honestly James and Mr. Reasonable you guys are right. These kids have no real education, common sense or conscience. Football is all they know even the girls are taught to worship and marry football stars I guess! What a shame to ruin a whole community of what should be future leader's!

Gee, these boys were more stupid then we thought. I mean, they rape a girl who was from another town, when right in their own town many of the girls appear as though they would have been willing victims, and have loved it if was them Mays and Richmond got hold of. instead of some poor out-of-towner!

"At a news conference on Sunday, DeWine said that he would seek a grand jury investigation into whether others should be charged in failing to report or stop the rape."They should all be charged as if they were an accomplice, as with any other crime. If these kids are not punished now, how will they every learn from this?THAT'S JUST SICK !!!  SHE'S THE VICTIM HERE !!!!!  WHAT IS WRONG WITH THOSE PEOPLE ????

Too bad we can't get more creative with the punishment for these little animals (for they certainly have no humanity). Wouldn't it be an interesting experiment to put these two girls on a little island run by the Lords of the Flies? Nothing like a taste of bitter medicine to teach these parasites a lesson. Perhaps they would have a different perspective were they on the receiving end. I generally don't wish such horrible things upon my fellow humans, under any circumstances, but these girls clearly lack the things that separate humans from animals.

Quality parenting wins out yet again...

The good state of Ohio, isn't that were Boehner came from???? Now "I knowthe rest of the story"!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

These girls are as bad as the rapists, and that is one sad, sad statement to make.

ok, so it was the technology that pretty much supplied the evidence to settle this case-now more teenagers are being totally clueless about what got them all into hot water in the first place? IF YOU PUT IT OUT THERE, SOMEONE IS GOING TO SEE IT!!!!! this message has been brought to you by 'obvious man',or maybe the adults are smarter than the kids after all...................mmmmmmmmmmmm........

27 partygoers, but said that 16 others refused to cooperate.  Sounds like the parents need to be involved and also find out where the liquor came from.

They definitely need to make this into a Lifetime movie; once the people of this town literally see the stupidity of their actions, perhaps things will change for the better.

It's good to see that those who use social media to threaten and bully are now being as persecuted as their victims.  Keep up the good work!

When the rape victim in India died earlier this year- women and men, young and old, held vigils to protest rape and the country's previously lax way of handling the crime. It was a horrible crime, but the way people came together to honor her life and demand justice was moving. Here in America, a young girl was possibly drugged, boys shared through text and vidoetape how they degraded her unconscious body, she was raped and humiliated. Her life will never be the same, but CNN seems to feel sorry for the rapists and girls threaten to hurt her!!?? Please tell me this isn't happening.I feel sorry for the rape victim because of what she has to go through ever since that incident. Some people may see the victim as a #$%$ because the way she was exposed by the football players and I can't even imagine the way how people are judging her. Pray for Steubenville, pray for the victim and her family, pray for the two boys that raped her, and just pray for recovery in that town.

Charged with one count of "menacing"?  Geez, 1/2 of the posters who reply to my posts 'menace' me... that means they're gonna be arrested?  LOL.

Just exactly how stupid are the people living in Steubenville? These two girls never thought they would be caught? Amazing.

really? and they thought that after all that happened that they'd get away with being little c*&amp;^@?

Good ole stupidville ohio. Maybe need a little character education in ye ole curriculum. Pos stupidville. Typical white trash town. Another plus for ohio. Electing osama obama and now there is stupidville supporting rapist.

Once again, a lack of home training. What is going on in society these days? This whole case is one epic fail on both sides. Parents take back your homes and stop letting social media do your job.

Obama voters.

Lock them up. Maybe then parents and teens will start to wise up.

When are they going to go after the parents who provided the house and liquor?I hope everyone guilty of any law broken during the events of this case are punished.Rape is illegalProviding minors with alcohol...illegalThreats...yep, illegalSympathy, Empathy for the victim you bet; none for those who will be found guilty here.

I think one of the comments from one of young ladies (and I will use that term with reservations) made the statement, you ruined my family.  Makes one wonder what the victim's life has not been touched also.  Grow up folks.  It is not politics, it is not if people have just snapped their cap.  It is about how to raise our children to respect and support our communities.I'm still waiting for charges against the owners of the houses where this activity took place.  You know that if you or I hosted a party with a rape and underage drinking we would have lost our home by now. Parents or coaches - the "adults" who facilitated this need to pay big time.

GOOD. Threats and bullying through social media must stop! This rape victim has been through enough. ANY person who would defend rapists and attack victims are disgusting! I am still waiting to see charges against the adults that provided the alcohol to these teenagers...they should be charged and tried.

Arrest the parents too.  This type of #$%$ can not be tolerated in any form.  One of the girls must have been hooked up with one f the players or somehow connected.

It's easy to blame the parents but these kids are old enough to know better too! I agree the adults should have supervised more but these kids made these poor decisions on their own and should be held accountable for them!

Man, those 2 girls could be in big trouble.  If they are found guilty, they will probably have to write a 500 word essay or something...

The should book these two women into a men's prison "by accident", and not discover the "mistake" until late the next morning.

This is called among the many names, oh what is it I'm looking for... Oh right, Gangstalking, and/or cause/organized/toughlove stalking. It's very real, and yet so many people deny it. Nice to see law enforcement is catching on. This is a common adaptation of Nazi tactics by domestic terrorist outpost because it lends them the ability to deny any part in these actions toward the stated victim. Glad to see it handled. Hope these little tramps enjoy prison, because that's gonna be their home for a while. get educated, get rid of terrorism in the United States!

I think some folks shouldn't forget about a civil suit neither. Serving minors alcohol, that might generate law suits for victims family. Don't know if they can do that in OH.

Can you say "Classy?" This place sounds like a cesspool.

fry the little bi..chs!Just for the record, you cannot judge all of the kids in the entire state of Ohio because of 27 kids in one city are, well, I can't think of a word that fits how horrible their actions were.  I'm sure if you look, the other 49 states have miscreants as well, it just hasn't been made as public.

This is happening because CNN was so sympathetic toward the two that raped the girl. They give people permission to attack her.

The parents of these two losers are very proud.

this case has taken on a life of its own. i can't wait to see it vanish from the web.

Not many people are all that wise at 15, but these two make most look like geniuses...

It seems no one has address the big problem, which is, how did a town full of adults didn't know about this party an why did these very intellegent students go to an alcohol supplied party! Its seems no one is taking responsilibity for drinking that was going on not those convicted nor the young lady nor the parents of all those who attended!

I say charge them with making "Terroristic threats" against a rape victim.  If they can't be charged as adults ....let them rot in a 'proper' facility until they're 21..

This town is pathetic! The cops what were protecting the football players image should be given the death penalty for violating the rights of all the citizens that they were paid to protect. These girls are sad another girl is used as a boy toy and they are going to blame the victim. It could have been one them that the team felt should service them.

Football over everything, morals, principles, laws #$%$

Football! Sportzdorx! zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.The parents of these stupid girls that threatened the victim don't know anything about choosing a president, and they certainly don't have any parenting skills.

I just watched " Top 10 Destinations" on the Travel Channel. Stuebenville was #2 right behind Maui. Maybe next year, Stube

Steubenville sounds like quite the place.  What's up with that town?

this is why america is rotting at its roots ,these idiots are americas worst

Sounds like the teens of Steubenville are just plain not too bright.  Social media, text messages, cell phone pictures- damaging and incriminating evidence that will last forever.

hasn't this poor girl been through enough? that town is nothing but trash!

This country is growing a generation of fools, idiots, and morons. Look at the public school system and Hollywood for the cause.

16 out of the 27 party-goers refused to cooperate with the investigation... #$%$?

Is there no CPS(child protective services) or  DSS( Department of Social Services) in Steuben-ville Ohio?!! All these kids including the victims parents should be charged with child neglect!!! 16 &amp;17 year old should not be allowed to raise themselves like this, getting drunk till they blackout, drinking and driving, staying out til all hours of the night and not one parent has been charged, why?!!! If your child misses more then 10 days from school in most places in America the parents can be arrested, not feeding your child for 2 or more days could land you in jail but allowing your child to come home stinking of alcohol(think alcohol poising) at 3 or 4 in the morning is no big deal!! Parents have a responsibility to protect their children, these people have failed badly, so the next time we she a 6 year old being taken to the police station for knocking a chair off a desk remember these parents and how not one CPS or DSS member gave a darn about what was happening to these kids!!

These two need to be horse whipped. Put them in jail with the other two and give them the same sentence. They are just as guilty. They condone it, so , let them pay for it too. What is this country coming too. Females supporting rape. Of course, they may need to be put in a mental hospital more than jail....well, there it is...the influence of Bachmann, palin...women...indoctrinated into believing...of being subservient .....

worship,high school and defend them after they were involved in a rape? wow is  football more important than rape? what happens to a high school football player after he graduates ? well,they talk about him at the coffee shop period.now,what happens to the young lady who was raped ?? who? seems like everybody has forgotten about her. she will live about this her whole life in as a miserable memory of her high school days.more importantly about the people who didn`t support her !she may be luck and go to 3 or 5 years of therapy.and then again a lifetime of therapy.society has lower it`s standards of whats right and whats wrong !!please when you look at this trial remember they were found guilty and more importantly think of the little girl.next time it could be your daughter and would you feel the same as you do now ??

Women (girls) who turn against their own should be horsewhipped (by other women).

Zero Tolerance!  These kids better get the message!

There's no valid excuse for bullying.  Too many in our country are violent and support celebrities (yeah, even High school celebs) in being arrogant and violent.  So sad that this isn't an isolated incident.

16 refused to co-operate...hell lets call it obstruction of justice and haul their #$%$ in

STUPIDVILLE INDEED!

Shows how illiterate these girls are.

A rapist only gets 1-2 years but a computer hacker gets 3.5?  Where is the fairness in that?

If the girls was passed out because of heart failure, and her body was still warm, was the rape then okay because she didn't say "no".  Come on, you idiots have it all backwards.  Throw those boys in jail with no chance for parole EVER!!!!!Good, crackin' down on dumb #$%$!

.....the parents need to be right along side those two boys. they brought them into this world and it is there responsiblility to make sure they know right from wrong. because of all the political correctness #$%$ "SPARE THE ROD SPOIL THE CHILD" has gone the way of the dinosaurs...........................cheers

I congratulate the 16 year-old victim that has to turn in her friends to achieve justice.  She has guts.  I honor her courage, convictions and principals in standing up for what is right, not the next high school football championship.

Congrats to the justice system for charging these to little girls for their bullying threats. Now if they would only go after those  white collar criminals in congress who rob us of billions and have become endendured servants too...... ???

What is wrong with this town? How are the parents raising them? Did the parents not teach these kids through this trial that this type of behavior is not acceptable?Doesn't sound like it. How sad that this town is giving Ohio a bad name. This town should be ashamed of themselves.

this is the generation that will be leading the country one day soon.the USA is in big trouble.

Stupidville, Ohio, USA

Nice, I guarantee all 16 that said nothing would beg anyone to speak up if something happened to them!

Just another case of stupid people doing stupid things !!  Why is it so many people now days lack impulse control??

The former porn star on television the other night said the town is called "Stupidville" and she was also raped when she was a girl there.  Yes, re-read that post....the former porn star said...and she was also raped there....OMG the whole place is full of trash!I bet those two girls that threatened the victim have a major crush on these boys. Lets see what kind of summer vacation they'll have now.All of them will be locked in someones detention center eating instant mash potatoes served by some big black double jointed extra crispy guard named Juhlonnie.

The rapists got a slap on the wrist and three onlookers (one who admitted to taping it) got immunity for their testimony. It was highly publicized that social media was a huge part of the evidence and these two fools learned nothing but smaller players don't get in trouble. Everyone that saw but did nothing to stop the incident should be locked up. And where are the parents? They are all a bunch of rotten idiots.

Only in O hi o

Reprehensible as their actions are, you have to be glad that they do their stupid things publicly and get caught.

Please, will a judge sentence the entire town of Steubeville to parenting classes??

Two girls charged with Menacing Rape Victim....Wow, how about the bullying in Ohio, I guess you have to be raped before bullying can be stopped!!!!

shock collars for kids maybe? nah, they'd work better on the politicians...but it's a thought

OMG! What is wrong with the world today this girl was a victim how in the world these to girl not see that it could have been them on the other side of the coin.

Good! It's about time someone took social media harassment seriously and actually gave the kids more than a slap on the wrist.

Why are they being charged? According to the liberals, arresting them for their making threats is a "violation" of the girls' 1st amendment rights.Even people of the same gender as the rape victim take the side of the rapist?Wat.

Are there ANY parents in this city!!??

Between the kids acting like fools, the parents allowing it, and all the coaches, etc. trying to sweep things under the rug half the town will be behind bars before long.

Hard to believe that, in this day and age, they dont realizethat what you post will be seen and read 100000 times bysomeone &amp; if you say or do something really stupid, it willbe seen &amp; read by 1000 times that many.

Folks this is Ohio, where Senator John Boehner is from. A place where victims of Poverty, and rape are nevertheless persecuted, while Sport Athletes and the Rich are never to be held accountable.

These so called football heroes hopefully will get raped in jail then die of cancer someday.

I guess the two girls were trying to protect the two rapists... Half the town needs to be thrown in jail!  What a #$%$ town!

It seems that this ignorant culture that this town and many other towns and cities continues. I applaud the the AG for saying that they will prosecute anyone who threatens online. This is Bullying,Assault,Threatening and Menacing and should be stopped and not be tolerated. I see  that people are asking..where are the parents?...my personal belief is that the parents are responsible for this type of mentality. The sickening testimony of the witnesses that got immunity only sickens and baffles all forms of common decency.

Is everybody in Stuebenville an idiot? Ohio get a grip it's only football.

What' were their names ?  Or are we going to try and go back to this "cover-up" stuff ?Put their f'n names in the article. Or I'll find out, and put it here for you.This whole story makes me sick Ive seen several movies like this but to know that the people in this city actually support what these boys did.  Let this be a lesson to the "privledged" just because you have the oppurtunity to do something doesnt mean that you should.  Your parents should have taught you that lesson.  Bravo to this girl for not allowing them to get away with it.

FINALLY someone taking action against the POS kids who threaten or harass other kids online. Usually nothing happens to them, and they continue to post horrible, evil #$%$ about the victim after he or she commits suicide. #$%$ is wrong with teenagers nowadays?????? This is becoming daily news!!!

Sadly I knew this would happen.  It's all for the athletes. Not just in school either.These two young girls should be ashamed of themselves as I am sure if it were they that was raped by football players it would be a whole different story.

Apparently these 2 girls were mad at the victim for having been preferred over themby the rapists.So put them in the same cell with the latter.

Totally grounded...

This is ridiculous... Those two boys should have been publickly castrated and the video played on U-tube.. What they did they deserve every form of harrassment possible. The sentence they received was a slap on the wrist !!

Some schools arrest the parents if the students simply skip school..maybe the parents would do a better job at parenting if these charges were facing them?..just a thought..

I have experienced bullying. I do understand that you can raise your kids to be one way and some will do what they want. But the  football fanatics who encourage their kids to do whatever it takes to play the game should be punished. Some parents just do not care. Trying these football players as juveniles was ignorant, now they can get their conviction expunged and then play NFL and then commit another crime. Who will you blame then. Not everyone given a second chance will change. Stop them, make an example out of them. Lives were ruined, they knew what they were doing. This was not some silly little prank. RAPE is not a joke.

Bullying and football go hand-in-hand in this town of loonies.  Take the team away from the town since they supported this culture of terror.

I see this as a another sign of our society's further decline.  Never should have taken God out of our schools.Lets just drop a bomb on Steubenville.Sounds like the whole town is vile and disgusting.

I see a lot of kids who seem to have no conscience and a misplaced judgement of right and wrong...now you tell me, are they liberals or conservatives and if neither, what will they grow up to be?....my bet, liberal.

the punks  got off easy!!

What do you people expect they voted obama in again and they think hes doing a fine job.

Good Christian girls and boys.

Oh, the poor girls is so upset cause their boys have been convicted!

Pathetic social morals and really stupid to boot!Were these pitiful excuses for citizens not able to read about the part social media played in the convictions of the football "star"rapists? Someone please teach reading and acceptable social behavior in Stupidville already. Leave your religion out of it. Moral behavior is not sole property of religion. Moral values are or should be civic values, free of the judgements of the bias of religion.

Ohio, the Florida of the north!

There... another proof , that girls are just too stupid...Or maybe they will consider an honor being raped by footballers...

it just gets stupider and ........This is now totally disgusting, especially being girls, how they were even thinking of threatening another girl who was sexually abused.  Something is really wrong with large number of teenagers both boys and girls..

Stuebenville should focus more on child rearing and less on football, what a bunch of trailer trash people.

Now we have the good teenage girls and the evil teenage girls. When "The Authorities" get involved, things get complicated.

To bad these two girls weren't Track Stars; they probably wouldn't have been charged.

I am staggered that there are ANY Thumbs 'Down'.  Must have come from the parents and relatives of the perps.

This is so wrong , you should never bullied anyone ,especially one in a high-profile rape case.

The whole town doesn't think this way as I replied to John's post.  Half the town is absolutely strange while the other half wanted to get rid of the football coach and the school administration for not reporting the rape when it happened last year.  I'm glad the 16 yr. Old girl's parents had the common sense to bring the case to the town's police for prosecution.  It is hard to believe the stories of girls and women defending criminals who prey on girls and women.

Make them do some work program that helps rape victims

this is what happens when cousin's marry..

Check the water supply in Stubenville Ohio. Too many residents of too many cities are so bored that they must make heros of kids playing a game. Get a life people, most of these kids will never be heard of again after graduation. Hopefully they will move on to happy and productive lives, somewhere else.I asked my son what he would do if he received texts from his best friend. Texts that's included pictures of a crime...I was disgusted at the answer i got. He knew nothing of what happened in Ohio and I felt like I had failed him. Maybe we all need to open our eyes and re teach our children right and wrong no matter the cost.

Females treatening another female rape victim?... Ok..Ive heard every crazy thing possible...what next?

Those two broads probably wish they were the ones raped.

The fruits of  Republican state government, you know, the party that believes there is rape, and then there is legitimate rape, and that rape victims can prevent pregnancy. They also believe the earth is only 6000 odd years old, that women should be subservient to men, all that right wing biblical #$%$. Now tell me, with that type of leadership, why wouldn't a couple of drunk teenage boys think women are theirs for the taking?

Poor little kids, All of them, NO  grownup  guidance...no one is teaching them how to live they are not growing up....this is how you can expect life in a anti religion state worshiping society  Religion is not a cure all but it does allow learning .....one can find  the path to respect for fellow Human Beings

I believe (@) has it right.  I wouldn't go to Stupidville, and if I happened through I would not drink the water!!  Seriously however, these are probably two girlfriends or groupies of the accused football players.  It is extremely alarming how shallow and uncompassionate a large part of our society has become.  I am relieved to see law enforcement do a GREAT job and assume they have a water cooler in their office (thankfully).

I'm still trying to wrap my head around the fact that these are girls who are victim-blaming.

Sounds like a lotta good parenting going on in THAT community!

Obama should let N Korea test their nukes in Steubenville

Where 'ya from? Steubenville?Yeah, but we keep hearing it's the rapists' lives that are ruined forever. Give me a break. I'm so worried about the victim now. How many suicides have we read about because of this type of harassment?

Put both those cows in jail and compel them to take sensitivity training.  What a bunch of disgusting animals, terrorizing a rape victim of all things.

You don't have to wait a 100 years for Tyranny because Freedom of Speech as sadly, absolutely, unquestionably and decisively has Left the Building.

And this is the state that often elects our Presidents...

Need to lock up those 2 girls along with their parents so their parents can see what kind of monsters they have  created.  Sounds like most of that town needs to be locked up and taught some things.

When is everyone going to wake up and realize Facebook, Twitter and social media as a whole are just bad ideas?

"Crying" There si NO CRYING IN FOOTBALL!!!!!!

High school females are SUCH rabid creatures! Clearly - the parents have not done a good job on raising these little monsters!

Those boys should never be allowed to leave prison.  These are animals who urinated on a passed out girl.  At that point, they gave up all their rights.

Candy Crowley is the biggest a hole ever for defending the boys.Their parents must be so proud. Good job there, mom and dad!

The show pictures and names of the boys...why not these girls making threats.

The rapist have crazy girlfriends...my advice to the victim get a concealed carry permit and no more drinking.

Point 1:  A girl was raped according to a court.  So how does this "divide" a town?  You mean half the town was in favor of the rape?  Point 2: Where are the names and photos of the two "bullies?"  The media was quick to give the names and photos of the rapists, both minors. Maybe a little bad publicity is what these kids need to snap them out of it.

I was not there,but these are teens at a party.Guys try and see how far they can get and the girls flirt and want attention.Times have not changed.They were underage drinkers.Where were they drinking at?Who was the adult that got the booze?Do not see them going after them.

Guess what being a bad #$%$ football player gets you after high school? NOTHING. Get a life people you go to school to learn not to play games. Learn something to take care of yourself for the next 60 years when mommy isn't there to rescue you.

more fun &amp; games in Stupidville, Ohio.

This vitim has been throuh enough, leave her alone. The punishment these boys got was ridiculous, they should have gotten more jail time for the crime. This is strictly my opinion.

Remember that Jodi Foster movie where all the people who watched and did nothing to stop her from being raped were arrested? All these kids should be responsible for their lack of action.

hope these girls get a judge that will actually punish them to the extent of the law  and  not  slap them on the wristsomebody in this town needs to take charge and teach these kids a life  leassonThem boys should of kept there hands to themselves. Being polite and having good manners go's a long way....toward staying out of prison.

The problem is the same as in college football, Penn State for instance, just cover up the scandal and turn a blind eye.............so you can keep your job.

If i wanted this i'd go to the Communist News Network...akaCNN

I vote down any comment with a Yahoo gold badge because it's yahoo intervening into our comments and probably a yahoo comment

Typical Teabagger family values

They were watching CNN describe pretty much how the two rapist were victims.

Example of how stupid and ignorant our youth are.  Lazy and stupid.

I wonder what their opinions of rape will be when they get out of jail?

This is been something that was bound to happen due to the social and moral decay of our country. Social media has desensitized our youth. Most of there interaction has been through the computer or texting this inables humans to react to emotions that you see or hear from another person when a conversation is face to face instead of fingers to fingers. They feel they can say anything on a computer or smart phone because there is no consequence to it. If you see someone tearing up you know you have said or done something to hurt their feelings ......if they send a emodicon with a sad face they tend to just shut the computer off or not reply. They no longer know the social ques and now we are seeing it in cases like this.We have over sexualized our youth with music videos and ads protraying sexy youth. Look at our infant clothing with animal print and lace and saying's like 'diva in training'I feel for all these kids. God be with them all as they try and all put the pieces of their lives back together.

These girls need their #$%$ kicked...I have heard it all..key me guess they are probably the girlfrienda of the rapist...and if they are..they deserve each other...this is not Steubenville....its stupiville!!!!!Lock them Up  a threats a treat they need a penal education they obviously have #$%$ parents that teach them nothing

They should take the boys who raped that girl and torture them... TO DEATH!!! HAHAHAHAH

Sadly, more teenagers are going to go to jail over this. It has emotionally charged everybody. Parents need to sit their teens down and try to diffuse this as best as possible. What happened was bad, but I think everybody is to blame for abusing alcohol, and sentences should have a more of an educational bent, than a punitive one. If you send good kids, that just got stupid because of alcohol, into Jr. Gladiator School, society had better expect a Gladiator when they get out.

This town must have been used in the Tom Cruise movie All The Right Moves from the 80's....

what are they going to do to the media who keeps painting these boys as the victims?

People should start to wonder why the news and the fellow students are questioning this decision.

I don't much like the idea of a world where you can be arrested for what you say on the internet, even if it is something horrible.

Those boys got off too easy! That behavior is never OK EVER!

Sounds like Stupidsville High has 2 more students they can be proud of. Hey mr Pizzowhatever pay someone $3 to pee on these 2 honor students

We should allow parents to resume to corporal punishment. All in favor say "Aye". Nowadays parents give time-out, take away cellphones, laptops, I-pads, or ground their children. That is clearly not working. Got to get tougher with your kids.Free The Steubenville Two!!!

I can't believe Candy Crowley was concerned how boys will be devastated by the conviction.  Are you kidding me?  What planet is this!  If girl is passed out, why didn't someone step up to save her???? I think the witnesses that did nothing should be charged also since they participated!!!

Parents  responsible for these kids should be fined big time

Poor girl, I get that she made a bad choice, and she probably gets that too,So why are they torturing her further?

I feel sorry for the whole bunch, the girl, the boys, the town and the folks in the town.  Only time will tell if this young teenage girl is the "innocent" person she claims to be.   What intelligent minded individual puts themselves into this type of situation in the first place, one where she or he surrenders control of themselves to others.  When you do stupid stuff like partying till you can't hold your head up, whose to blame for this behavior.   I'm not blaming the girl the actions of the boys, I'm blaming the girl for the actions that put her into that compromising situation in the first place.  She is the own that owns that, and every young female that will follow in her steps that does the same.    If you are not of legal age, do not drink.

That do you expect in a town of rednecks and hillbillies.

Ha-ha!

ban these girls from social media, driver license and cell phones until 21 will be the best punishment.  They will learn how to communicate with people by home phones, talk to people in person and understand other people.Women threaten a rape victim?Where the hell are the parents?  What a family value.

We can be arrested for failure to report a crime? Let me go on the record: " we have thousands of illegals running around in the country". Would someone please arrest them.

Imagine the ridicule that this victim went through before the trial and now she is a bullied victim all over.Parents are great teaching whats right and whats wrong,They said it divided a town something terribly wrong with kids today and parents should be ashamed no class at all!!Nuke Stupidville from orbit. It's the only way to be sure.

Hey, just give the two girls a couple minutes with Ma'lik and Trent.  Then hang all four of 'em.

Well for the sixteen others, I would put them in the juvenile detention center also. I am ashamed of these sixteen students, the two that did the rape, and I feel sorry for the sixteen year old victim. The parents of all of these kids need to be held accountable also.

Why doesn't the federal government use that phrase on the illegal immigrants that rape the USA taxpayer daily? " we will find you, and we will arrest you"

Treat her like she broke the law?

It is so sad that this is what small town America has come to. The parents don't seem to care that their kids are so cold and unfeeling towards others. I hope some good comes of this. I hope parents will talk to their kids and let them know this is wrong!

Cool.

Good! Lock them up and throw away the Key!

From the prosecutors thinking the word witch hunt comes to mind.  Burn the guys at the stake and win the next election for ?  Governor?

I don't miss high school AT ALL.... I couldn't wait to get out of there...Dumb and Dumber.

God + Football = Trash

What was said in these threatening communications?

Those trashy hoes better sit down before i run up and just up and bust a cap in a stupid #$%$!

This two kids have no idea what happens in rape cases.Perhaps they should have to work at a rape crisis center to learn what it is and how horrible a crime it is. That might bring them to grasp what this and other girls have gone through and they can learn compassion.

One more point....why weren't the parents responsible for the underage drinking?  I don't know about Ohio, but in many jurisdictions, the supplier of the alcohol leading to these situations is equally liable.  But all these kids need some serious help simply for posting their actions on social media.  "Stupid" is "stupid" and probably will never wear off!

Teenagers these days are just plain out hateful! Thinking of no one but themselves. I hope they get to spend some good long days behind locked doors. If they were mine they would first get an #$%$ whipping from me.

These 2 girls have to be up for the dumbest kids of the week award in Ohio. These boys will be fine, it's not prison... These girls should have their name spread all over from all the news media companies who started all this Bullshi* in the first place. Where is Alec Baldwin to bit*h slap some of these reporters when you need him?

It is that s--t that leads to somebody getting their heads shot off ! Fotball hero worship does not endwith their kids James ! This is nuts ! the whole town is nuts but not the whole country ! As a family we used to ride through Stubinvill on the way to visit our relitives in Ohio ! We lived in Alabama , I am Thomas from Alabama, and our cusons live in the next town Lisbon . I wounder if it was as nuts thenin the 40's and 50's as it is now ? These people make Dodge City , seem tame and I mean Dodge City in the 1800's !Thomas from Alabama

Menacing? What the H is that? So sticks and stones may break your bones but words will get you tossed in jail? What a world - freedom and liberty replaced with fascisms searchlight.Good!

After all the preaching that our schools have done and all the preaching that parents have done,  BULLYING still prevails!! What a sad and scary society we live in.

Seems to me a great many people in Steubenville need to run, not walk to their nearest mental healthcare provider.

There should be some way to punish the 16 who refused to cooperate - hindering an investigation, something. I do give kudos to the authorities for not stopping with the 2 guys convicted but going after anyone remotely involved in this.

Are there any teens in Steubenville that are not psychotic, emotionless, ignorant, arrogant, stupid pieces of #$%$?  If there are, you need to move out of that town.  I'm so disgusted with entire place.  Now, if I ever hear of Steubenville, all I'm going to think of is how messed up this entire town seems to be. The girls are no better than boys and whole lot of them got that way because a litany of adults turned a blind eye.  Hope you are Proud of that Steubenville.

I can't believe these stupid teenage girls would rather believe the words of the two rapists and go after the rape victim. How does one mind even think that way knowing that the girl who was raped is suffering and feel humiliated probably by half the town and the world. What kind of young girls are these two.  Why would these young girls want to destroy her by threatening her on social media like that?  It says a lot about what kind of young girls they are.  If the shoe was on the other foot they wouldn't want to be treated so disrespectfully after being raped.  Stupid, dumb and ignorance girls.

Goes to prove there are idiots born every minute. What a pastime... belittling an innocent victim.

give us back our children bring back #$%$ beatin

"Let me be clear," DeWine said on Monday in a statement. "Threatening a teenage rape victim will not be tolerated. If anyone makes a threat verbally or via the Internet, we will take it seriously, we will find you, and we will arrest you," he added.So threatening any other person is acceptable??

Seems like the parents neglected to use the board of education on their little behinds when they needed it.Little sycophant Cheerleader C///U//////N/////TS!

I am wondering why nothing is being done to the adults whose house this happend in, and who provided the booze? If the parents would be held responsible for their kids stuff like this wouldn't happen. This includes bullying,kids taking guns to school and vandalism.

send their little smart #$%$es down the road,these kids today need one thing, and good old #$%$ whipping ,and if there parents has a problem with it HELL give them some

Where are ALL the PARENTS?

They were charged with aggravated menacing,? Why were they not charged with Felony assault and attempted murder ? Fricken stupid #$%$ prosecutor its not wonder crime by teens is bad charges and punishment is nothing more then a reward.

Making threats? She's the victim of rape, before trying to stick up for the football stars that were in complete wrong..maybe you should realize what they did! How would you feel in her freakin shoes. People can be so ridiculous!

Where were the parents of this girl?

Yahoo is taking sides

This is happening bc we have children who never grew up having children. Thinking kids will be kids and you can not live their lives for them and no matter what you do or not do they will do what they want to do. #$%$! That is why my 2 children do not need friends while they are children and teens and young adults.They only need a real parent that is willing not to be a follower and a real parent!

This will be a great encore to a great case of Justice in Ohio, Perhaps there is still hope for fair Justice in America yet.Some people will never learn.

What the F*** is wrong with people nowadays? What has happend to our moral codes, our ethics?

Maybe its the water?!?

Unbelievable!  Must be these boy's GF's

Despicable! Inchis Viejas tontas ...

I guess that they raped they wrong person those two girls should have been the victims

What concerns me the most about this is the lack of the use of their brains. Did they really not know that their actions were wrong? Do they not understand that posting something on the internet can get them jailed and convicted?  I am really concerned about the youth in this country.

I hope poppy and cnn are happy.

This is disgusting.  The victim has suffered enough and these two idiots are trying to make life all the more worse for her.  What is the point in trying to make a rape victim suffer further than they already have?  What makes anyone feel that they have the right to do that and expect that no one will care?

this is soooo stupid; so these "girls "  had sex with these 2 boys and they decided to threaten a VICTIM!  I hope this family and unknown victim SUES these boys/ girls and all the families for millions!Arrest the rape victims MOM for child abuse. Any parent who lets their daughter (or son for that matter) go out all nite partying where she has got to know there will be drinking &amp; sex needs to lose custody of that child. Someone in that town should call child protective services.

They need to stop making shows for teens that glamorize bullying. Further victimizing this poor girl makes these two no better than the rapists themselves. I believe in Karma and they will get what they deserve. My heart goes out to this victim and her family and I hope she knows how brave she is and proud people are of her for standing up for herself.

stop charging these so called kids as juveniles! they are old enough to know what they are doing is breaking the law and it makes me sick! stop giving them a free ride and punish them rightfully and then they might think first before they act!! if there isnt harsh enough penalties! ! they will do it again simple soulution!! and it might defure others from making those mistakes!!!

Fine the parents $500 grand....that would wake em up!!

There are some seriously stupid people in Ohio.

After urinating on the passed out girl they should have been tried as adults.  I guess if she had heart failure and she was unable to say "no" then it was consensual sex?  You people are sick who are blaming the girl or calling her a ho.  There is absolutely not excuse for these boys.  They should never be allowed to leave prison!

I don't think kids (minors) should be allowed on facebook or post or receive anything from Face Book; it's the easy way to rant, insult, threaten, etc.  ,   Seems like todays kids lives are consumed by social networking, just my opinion

I hope someone would start a fund for that family to help them move and get far, far away from that horrible place!  She will never be the same again, where are the parents of all these children, they are lacking in all parts of being a human!

There was no lesson learn for Ohio teenagers.  The case was made public due to social media and these girls fall into the same mistake

Typical Obama voters...2 more "innocent" lives ruined by this girl who had the nerve to get raped.

...as per republican idiotology.....blame the victim.......

Only in Ohio....what did you expect??????????????????????????

An OBAMA state--no shock here.

How stupid can these girls be? threatening someone on the internet? and they're girls threatening rape victims, what is wrong with the girls of today. if they get raped theyll probably change their tune or theyre gonna side with the rapist too.  #$%$ morons in the world today.  these kids are our future and i dont see much of a bright future for the world.

This town needs some serious parenting intervention!

yep just goes to show you who some women stick up for the guilty this time for some boys who obviously were guilty.Hope they think what they did was worth it.not

It seems that the powers that be,get carried away,I,m sure a warning to these two you girls would have been sufficient,Maybe they have been victims them selves , and were venting off there anger.

Mean little #$%$ I just cant understand how a child so young could accumulate so much  hateful, "I don't feel special" emotional baggage. We have some work to do, society...

I am shockedNotice how Fox treated this case vs. CNN. CNN didn't show any sympathy whatsoever for the victim. Fox didn't show any sympathy for the rapists.

What a bunch of little idiots. They should be sentenced like adults. It's high time the system changes, to where little @-h0le$ like this, should be sent to prison, like everyone else. Maybe with the threat of a real prison, we wouldn't have bullying idiotic problems like those two POS. How PROUD their parents must be.

What a bunch of #$%$...

I don't want to live on this planet anymore...

Too bad you cannot recyce white trash.

Rape is God's Will to assure survival of the species

This doesn't surprise me in the least....Dear Steubenville, Have you Not figured out Yet that its the Social Media in which you continue to Use provides Credible Evidence that Backs Up your Crimes?!?!!!!!  AG Dewine, Please Remember to Fine the Parents behind these "2 lovely girls" collective mentality has been Defined.........

Publish the names of these girls....I want to call them up.

Now let's lock these girls up..and give them no sympathy.....stupid idiots!!!

Penalty way to severe for the crime, and they were underaged. The girl does not even remember it, never said no, and was wasted like they were. They messed up had no clue waht they were doing. Shame on them for what they did!!People let's lay off these children's parents As a parent we can only teach them and hope  they learn, but they become their own person. Parents can't be blamed if they have taught them right and think they got it. After all that has happened these girls were ignorant and arogant.

To the ding-a-lings that replied to my earlier post. I didn't diminish that she was raped. Maybe because i used "victim" you took that as me questioning wether she was or not. My point was intended as such......If they are going to throw the book at everyone they can it should include her. If she was drunk, AND nobody forced it into her, she should have some charges to face.  Underage drinking, last I knew, was illegal. Because a crime happened upon her that should get shoved under the rug?  If people think that is the case, fine. I think otherwise. Including whoever provided the alcohol. Thank you to the 4 replies that called me every name in the book. They were such a delight to read

What is this White Trash High School.

The world values males more than women. Women know this and want to garner their favor.

now we all know, Girls will be Girls! but that was during a time long past. these days they will be anything but ladies!

Stupidville, Ohio...

trash

what psychotic degenerate threatens a RAPE VICTIM.....from following this trial, she wasn't really a rape victim, but she was sexually assaulted.either way, who the f--- threatens a victim?

Where are the parents?  Oh, I forgot, Obama and the government is taking place of them...

Now we're going to have a finger bang gangI truly believe the football coaches are behind most of the bull---t going on at that school.

The PARENTS of all of the teenagers are just as responsible as them. The blame Is on the PARENTS!

I don't want to live on this planet anymore!

this is quite representative of the "Real America" that Sarah Palin and conservatives allude to

Studies show that more women claim rape just for revenge. See Duke and Kobe case. Poor innocent kids

teens, alcohol and unsupervised parties...recipe for disaster

Cyber threats must have short jail time and parole. Uncooperative witnesses - is that Contempt or harboring a criminal..values are askew it appears in this school.

IMO-ALL individuals, including the victim and parents , should be charged.  Looks as if there is a long standing issue of parents 'trusting' teenagers to go to party's and not drink.  Who furnished or sold the alcohol to them?  Charge them.  There are laws on the books about underage drinking that clearly have not been enforced, and it's not just in Stuebenville, it's everywhere.  And local law enforcement are just as much to blame.  I've seen this time and again, where underage people are getting drunk, committing a crime and the pd/d.a. give them a very light punishment, if any.

Where is freedom of speech???

*facepalm*Go after all of them....I will be watching this one.

By the way being kids does not deny them the right to plead the fifth, you better than anyone else should know that.

Folks, you have to remember, that people in that area, WV OH KY, pretty much have what they call "mountain" justice. Basically, they do and say whatever they want regardless of the law. Some actually encourage hostile behavior in their children/teens. Their "heroes" are the Hattfields and McCoys and everyone claims to have ties to Hazzard county in KY. (Dukes of Hazzard). Some local Law Enforement won't even go into these "hostile" areas and there are many of them.I don't think this will end anytime soon.  They LOVE paybacks and won't stop until they feel they have their own "sick, twisted" sense of justice.

well you guys heard it last election season, there is legitimate rape and just the rape that happens because the girl wanted it. These girls are doing nothing than parroting back what their parents talk about.

Pleasure a few clicks away at ((((_____bubida_____)))))

sounds like they need to flush that town

Are you kidding!!!?Do these children have parents.  Maybe it is like South Park when all the kids got their parents put away for using the "M" word.

Ya gotta love them bullies.  Put them away for a few days so they can have a feel the real experience of bullying.

Strip 'em down, and booze 'em up !

We should have a law against bad parenting in this country......impose high fines which would increase revenue and help bring down the national debt....whether others should be charged?! They gave everybody immunity!

If parents aren't going to raise and discipline their kids then lock the kids uo with the parents...send em all to a Papillon like island and let them act like #$%$ there.

Want to make a bet on the race of the girls?

The problem is the same as in college football, Penn State for instance, just cover up the scandal and turn a blind eye.............so you can keep your job.

Man that rape victim really is vengeful.

and when does the girl take responsibility for her actions???

lol! nasty girls!!!

Who's running that town? And what and how much does Mike Dewine need to smoke to know there was/is a cover up by many many people  there. Your gonna look into it? Wow...ya think? smoke two more joints! That's where Ohio's brain trust went? Down to Columbus? good lord, its a miracle they've made this much progress! And lock the two lil hillbilly hood rats up for a couple months! jail will make you humble as a hell!

Uhmm. Where are the adults?

"Oh, he/she is bullying me!". Well, stand up for yourself and whip their #$%$! If you can't whip their #$%$, get an equalizer! Quit asking "what's the gov't going to do?" Be a man or a woman. Stand up for yourself.She is  going to be  upset  once  she  is  sober.

This is what the GOP considers family values here in Ohio.

seriously .....come on open,ur,eyes.

Oh what a tangled web we weave...

I have been reading over comments for several days now and i dont know what kinda laws they go by in ohio but i always thaught or from sick twisted people  i know of have gotten 4 years for fondling a child... is it because these were all underaged kids that they got off so easy?... i dont know but i tell u sounds like there is going to be a movie made of this crime..

Aggrevated menacing?  What's next?  Just being dumb charge?

Let those two girls spend some time in prison and get raped while there. An eye for an eye.

It's not this town...It's The younger generation, you know, the babies that grew up in day care so Mommie could work too, so the household income would afford the ability to spoil the childrenby buying them Nintendo's, Game Boys, Wiis, 4-wheelers, I-Pads, I-Phones, etc., etc., etc.It's not this town...it's every town.---every town in the US.  Kids have grown up with no rules, no morals---spoiled to the max.  They don't give a damn about anythng or anybody except themselves, and Twitter and Facebook.  It's a crying shame.---And we're going to hand over the control of this country to this generation???  GOD HELP US!!!!!  My questions are; "How Do We Turn It Around"???  Is That Even Possible???  Are We Too Late???One enjoyable thing that I got out of the trial results, and the arrest of the two girls that threatened the victim is...it was nice to watch the younger generation meet my generation and be sentenced and arrested for their stupidity.  I pray that this is not the end of it, and that there is more to come.  There were more people involved than the few that were on trial.  Somewhere in Stubenville's social underground network, there are a few snakes in hiding...clamed right up...hoping that this will all die down and blow over now so they get away with their involvement without a scratch.  I hope my generation hunts you down and brings you to justice, just like we did your friends...I hope you are sweating it out somewhere in the sewer pipe that you are hiding in...CAUSE WE'RE COMING TO GET YOU---REAL SOON!!!  And I'll be watchin...

It's not this town...It's The younger generation, you know, the babies that grew up in day care so Mommie could work too, so the household income would afford the ability to spoil the childrenby buying them Nintendo's, Game Boys, Wiis, 4-wheelers, I-Pads, I-Phones, etc., etc., etc.It's not this town...it's every town.---every town in the US.  Kids have grown up with no rules, no morals---spoiled to the max.  They don't give a damn about anythng or anybody except themselves, and Twitter and Facebook.  It's a crying shame.---And we're going to hand over the control of this country to this generation???  GOD HELP US!!!!!  My questions are; "How Do We Turn It Around"???  Is That Even Possible???  Are We Too Late???One enjoyable thing that I got out of the trial results, and the arrest of the two girls that threatened the victim is...it was nice to watch the younger generation meet my generation and be sentenced and arrested for their stupidity.  I pray that this is not the end of it, and that there is more to come.  There were more people involved than the few that were on trial.  Somewhere in Stubenville's social underground network, there are a few snakes in hiding...clamed right up...hoping that this will all die down and blow over now so they get away with their involvement without a scratch.  I hope my generation hunts you down and brings you to justice, just like we did your friends...I hope you are sweating it out somewhere in the sewer pipe that you are hiding in...CAUSE WE'RE COMING TO GET YOU---REAL SOON!!!  And I'll be watchin...

Rape is wrong. But digital penetration is unlikely to cause disease or otherwise be life threatening. This girl has a much bigger problem than being a rape victim. The fact that she was so drunk she was unconscious IS life threatening. Those #$%$ boys did not have to slip her a date rape drug. She needs to be in rehab for her alcohol abuse.just the effect of global warming

i'm sure those boys put them up to it, high school girls don't think for themselves

throw them in jail too. Give them the maximum sentence

Boys need to learn how to keep their zippers zipped and girls need to learn how to act like ladies.  Our country has forgotten that.  Just look at the way these kids dress.

She's Not a Rape Victim...Post Her Picture...and Her Parents Pictures.

And now, live from CNN... "Police in Ohio seek to destroy lives of teenage girls........"

I believe it is time for schools to be adding the subject of "Social Media" does and don'ts to the curriculum.

Stupidville makes deliverance look like a disney movie. Don't even get off the freeway to get gas anywhere near this dump. Not unless you want to be tied to a tree and made to squeal like a pig.

ahhh, the f*$@!ing irony. poor girl misses her n(@$er.. my heart breaks.

This entire thing is Obama's fault.I don't know about this. I know a girl in college that would start drinking, hit on guys, sleep with them and then cry rape to the police when she sobered up. A few went to jail and the police and the D. A. didn't care that these guys all had the same story to tell with her.

For all the ladies who've done nothing but trash talk and generalize all men, HERE YOU FINALLY GO here are some trash girls (probably the same type who'd get smashed beyond conciousness at an underaged party)

People need to ease up on those boys,hell, they can run fast AND catch a ball,sometimes even at the same time!!!

So, online comments are now criminally prosecutable.We are losing our freedom of expression.

DeWine is on his job. Too bad we cant have more like him around. Thanks for your w=service sir.

I think this country could use a good cleaning!

Really reall y sad comment on america when a town is so taken with some stupid high school football....  really pathetic america..... but then again you always were

Don't be surprised if there are more arrests. There are a lot of crazy, stupid kids in that city.

are these girls black or white?

They need Christ in their hearts. PLEASE!  Women and girls please stop this.  Act like human beings not sex toys, men and boys too!!  Vanity will get one nowhere. Too much media info. on these killers too, they want the attention they get from the media. Please stop this!This why its called Stupidvile Ohio. The dumb black girls are an example. Black people always think that the rules are not for them. Lock these crazy animals up.

Im betting it was La Queefa and Shenequah that made the threats. Any takers?

Maybe they know something we don't and are made about it! Tell the truth about something don't threaten the people involved.

Free the Steubenville Two!!!

These girls know the facts. The girl that got raped if you can really call it that know she is a #$%$. Now she has something to blame her alcohol abuse on.

TOO MANY TIME OUTS AND NOT ENOUGH #$%$ WHIPPINGS.

Probably Christians.  They're so hateful and cowardly.

These girls rock...The truth trumps "sisterhood". They know she's a H-0

Because you're supposed to believe everything you read on the internet.. right?

we all know what kind of state Ohio is..........we all know how they voted.  Oh wait the voting machines were rigged!!Let me make this  clear,  Threatening  the  drunk  little  ho0ker  will not  be  tolerated.

Most (not all, but most) teenagers today are truly heartless and cruel. To defend a group of rapists just because they're popular and on the football team shows the decline and decay of our society.

Black people are truly the sperm of satan.

blaming the victim is sooooo republican and red state

Why would they have to register as Sex Offenders?  Menacing on the isnt a sexual crime, is it?

I cannot believe these girls didnt think to use that new app where you send pics that erase themselves after a few seconds to send such threats. What a waste of technology.

not all football players are like this .. stereotyping at its best... do athletes get special privledges in some schools and state.. yes they do... and i am good with it.....just like in college .. the amount of time the ses athletes put in is unreal.. no diffferent in HS...stereotyping is #$%$.....

lets see, hmmm...was it the ohio national guard that slaughtered our kids at kent state?why yes little johnny, it sure was. um, could that be an indication that perhaps there be something funny in the aqua? no son, just typical americans.they invade innocent countries to steal oil, and then lie about democracy spreading...oh, and if you dont like it, the republicans have given this obummer dude a blank check and a fleet of drones to drop on you. just keep snivelling about how messed up things are. tax the poor some more, your rich are starting to suffer too much.

i hope those girls get raped with scissors

Get real America, the only way u don’t understand the wrong here is if u were home schooled and had no social interaction during your teen years. If these guys r guilty. Any body who touched or danced with a drunk girl at a party. If your 1st exp included Alcohol or drugs. Or u had any contact with a girl 16 even if u r a month older n 17.  U R Guilty turn your selves in!Were all of those teens at the party, including the sexually assaulted girl, ever charged with minor consuming?  While the two boys did sexually assault thee girl there were many others would have been prosecuted including the assaulted girl.  I heard no stories of her be retrained and have the alcohol poured down her throat by others.  As a consuming minor she was a law breaker and it is very likely if her or the others were not drinking there wild have been no assault. Prosecution of all involved would be responsible prosecution.

She isn't a victim the guys she screwed over are victims.

It'd be nice if the police would stop arresting 16 year olds and start getting real criminals off the streets

The whole town of Stupidville should just be nuked off the face of this earth, everyone and everything there is a #$%$, nasty abomination!!

It's not this town...It's The younger generation, you know, the babies that grew up in day care so Mommie could work too, so the household income would afford the ability to spoil the childrenby buying them Nintendo's, Game Boys, Wiis, 4-wheelers, I-Pads, I-Phones, etc., etc., etc.It's not this town...it's every town.---every town in the US.  Kids have grown up with no rules, no morals---spoiled to the max.  They don't give a damn about anythng or anybody except themselves, and Twitter and Facebook.  It's a crying shame.---And we're going to hand over the control of this country to this generation???  GOD HELP US!!!!!  My questions are; "How Do We Turn It Around"???  Is That Even Possible???  Are We Too Late???One enjoyable thing that I got out of the trial results, and the arrest of the two girls that threatened the victim is...it was nice to watch the younger generation meet my generation and be sentenced and arrested for their stupidity.  I pray that this is not the end of it, and that there is more to come.  There were more people involved than the few that were on trial.  Somewhere in Stubenville's social underground network, there are a few snakes in hiding...clamed right up...hoping that this will all die down and blow over now so they get away with their involvement without a scratch.  I hope my generation hunts you down and brings you to justice, just like we did your friends...I hope you are sweating it out somewhere in the sewer pipe that you are hiding in...CAUSE WE'RE COMING TO GET YOU---REAL SOON!!!  And I'll be watchin...

probably black_hoes of the rapists.

Is this the state that went to Barrack...No wonder.

Meh. They probably made a mildly aggressive tweet, just like thousands of people do every day. Is that really grounds enough to ruin their record over? Seems overblown to me...

they need to overhaul how they assign people to the sex offender list b/c situations like this should not place kids on the list

well if the lil ho was at home instead of going out and drinking this wouldn't have happened.OMG!!!  Talk about a miscarriage of justice!!!!  The two boys did not drug the alleged victim, they did not force her to drink the alcohol, they did not force her to have sex!  So the #$%$ was drunk, shame on her!  Why are these two boys being punished for her bad choices?  This is so typical of today's society!  Females wanting power over everything without having to take responsibility for their own actions!  This I hope will allow ALL drunk drivers getting off killing someone because they shouldn't be held responsible because they were drunk!!!  What such idiots we have in public service!  Now I know what an who Luciphers  Serpent is!!  It started with Eve and has continued to grow!  The Serpent is the female!  It has many heads and promotes evil.  I say lets go back to the old days where minorities an females are put back into their place!

She wasn't drunk. She claimed loss of memory as proof of her intoxication. LESSON: Don't trash-talk B-s and W-s online... because all they will do is figure out how to mess you up.

I guess I missed the part of the story that justifies labeling them sex offenders over this?

Excuse me Mr DEWHINE.... we know you have an election to win but this case will not do it for you, threatening an entire town about an incident between kids with more libido and sense will surely not endear you to voters, neither will handbags at 20 paces on Facebook between teenage girls constitute a threat to life as you so elegantly put it, so  threatening to arrest the girls along with their parents and even their neighbors will not solve anything. It is time for damage control

they have to be repubitards.

What a joke. you all act like you never did this same stuff in High school and your so much better. If you think they should go to prison then most likely almost everyone commenting here should also have prison records. oh, but YOUR different right?  Why do you think these girls are now threatening the victim? Because they know her, thats why. They know her very well. They know she's been banging half the football team and probably other girls boyfriends!!! They're #$%$ off!  She's the football team punch board! SHE made it know this kind of this was ok. You people think this has never happened before? Hell, this has gone on all the time. She'll be right back at it in no time!

I find it interesting that posters need to keep reminding themselves and others that the girl is the victim. Maybe if she were as innocent as you want to make her out to be, you wouldn't need to keep saying it.

Give a girl a half of bottle of Bud Lite, and its Rape now.

Obama said he wanted to transform America. Ha! That began back in the 60s and it has been a downward spiral since. Lack of common respect, decency, values, priorities etc. A Liberal Progrssive's paradise where anything goes and no one is "judged". Humanistic relativism it's called.

why is the girl not arrested? she went to a party and drank and was underage.....no sympathy for her.she is sad that is not her !

Ohio is one FD up state--must be the water

Will this saga end...now!!!! Its sad to hear someone was harassed after being sexually assualted....h..o..w..e..v..e..r can we also prosecute the girl who started this whole scandal by sexting and promisibg sex acts. In addition to, getting drunk abd not refretting the evening until everyone finds out....just sayin

These young girls &amp; every colonized white small town minded idiot will turn on each other. DR.PHIL...please HELP THEM ALL! What a MESS!

I think there is way too much stupidness to list here. I'm wondering.....If they're throwing the book at everyone why isn't the "victim" being charged with "Minor in Posession" or "Drunk and Disorderly"? And where are the charges for the person that provided the alcohol?  The thing that led to all of this.

Boy, the kids in Ohio must really be at the bottom of the gene pool.  I would expect this from primitive minorities, but it's sad to see whites behaving so poorly.  Dumb parents make for dumb children.

Vicious little cows!!!!   Females are so cruel toward each other.    I hope they are punished severely and 'named' so they can feel some shame.

Football heros. Those boys are nothing but #$%$. Those girls threatining the victim will pay the price some day.If they enjoy living in a world wirth no morals the I can't see anything good coming from it. Maybe someday they will get raped and then they can tell us how much they enjoyed it.

The 27 partygoers who were interviewed should be charged as well as the 16 who refused to cooperate with authorities. A message must be sent- this type of behaviour will NOT be tolerated !

16 juveniles refused to cooperate with a police investigation, charge them not only with aiding in the rape, or at least as accessories, and also with impeding a police investigation...also IF their parents were complicit in either the cover up or in getting their kids to refuse to help the police then charge them as well!!!!!!!!Rape should not go unpunished!!!!!Those who knew and didn't speak up are complicit in the crime and they should be charged.  What a morally bankrupt town!   All for the sake of football

What part of stupid do these 2 little #$%$ have a problem with.

Weird town that "loves and supports" rapists and pillarizes the victim...I wonder how these two stupid girls would feel if they were raped while dozens sttood by and watched!

Both girls need some jail time and then made to walk the malls with signs,i am an idiot.

In a small town people take sides It may be the right or wrong side that is the courts decision This girl was in for all kinds of problems once this came out and most likely will be forced to move Long time hatreds are hard to stop in a small town and to some it is always the girls fault It is sad when it happens and i hope she finds peace

Good, those girls need their a&amp;** kicked.

These people are sick - all of them.  The victim here is NOT the two dumb jocks going to jail (don't drop the soap).  How stupid do you need to be to live in Ohio?

I remember as a kid growing up in the 50s, police didn't need to correct this problem - OUR PARENTS TOOK CARE OF IT!  We would rather face the police than face our parents!!

hope these girls cry till they dehydrate

there's NO more respect...and we can't blame TV and the Internet, 'cause I grew up with both, but I grew up with family values and I was taught to respect. Something bad is going on in the US....things need to change before it gets worse.Kudoos to the Chief of Police who vowed this this case is not over.  I saw this on CNN last night and was speechless when the Chief read the post from one of the girls to the victim.  It read, "you made my cousin cry now this is homicide".  My gosh, what in the hell is wrong with kids.  Your cousin didn't rape her he would not have been in court crying like a child and only because he was convicted.  These kids need to now the how serious a rape is and how dare they torment/bully this girl after.  Where in the hell are the parents and where were these "underage" students partying and had access to so much alcohol

How sick is that?

More charges are necessary,the football stars forgot that the judge did not think too much of what they had done,anyone else involved need time in prison also.

This just shows the loose and poor parenting and zero accountability of the kids today as well as the parents especially in this sick town. It is unbelievable that a whole town is so superficial and arrogant when so many of their children are involved one way or another in these despicable disgusting crimes. The parents of the two morons charged with death threats should be charged as well for providing their little animals with the same tools to continue this crime. These kids should have had their cell phones, laptaps and internet taken from them but it's easier for their negligent parents to continue babying these monsters than actually being a parent and setting the standards, expectations and rules. The parents can't take accountability for what their children have done because it would show them what a rotten miserable job they have done as parents. The town of Steubenville should be embarassed and ashamed of not only their kids, but of themselves and their overall attitudes and standards they have created and fostered.

Despicable behaviour ~ any child of mine who threatened the victim would need to be more afraid of me than of the law.

Send them to jail.

good,glad theyre arrested,now lock them up too,disgusting

Stupid redneck girls just don't understand right from wrong. Hope the Justice system help them out with their shortcomings.

this is disgusting - being women themselves ?! rape is a brutal crime and it should never go unpunished - that poor girl ; the victim needs all the support she can get and instead she gets THIS !!! arrest their *****!!!

Good for you, you little dirtbag bullies.The scary thing here is that the threats came from girls. They should be sympathetic to the victim. After all, it could have been them instead

There is something fundamentally wrong with these girls when they threaten a rape victim.  What is wrong with the townspeople that they would tacitly allow their kids to get away with all kinds of behaviour?  According to different news reports it was the social media and outsiders who caused the investigation into the case.  The people of Steubenville have certainly shown that football triumphs over moral decency.  These people have indicted themselves.

Girls should be supporting one another , not threatning a rape victim . Obviously parenting is absent when football is more important than human values .

Tese girls would change their tune if it had happened to them

How much more this poor girl has to endure? Where are the parents of these delinquent juveniles and what they will be doing to get their kids under control!Just put the whole town under a jamming device to incapacitate the social media. Yes it is oppressive but if people don't appreciate and understand freedomsand their responsibilities, then they don't deserve to enjoy it! Period!!

What the hell kind of children are they raising down there......???????????

Is that the environment they were brought up in? Valuing their sports team over the safety and well-being of a human being, to the extent that they "have to" threaten said human being. What is wrong with some people these days? And they're girls, taking the side of two rapists who would not have shown any more respect to them than the victim.

It's time govt officials take a hard serious look at social media  and the internet and make some laws that will tackle these threats and other comments made on these sites and make any penalties eye catching and meaningfull. No longer is assault just the physical type now it can come in the form of words. Enough is enough.

GOOD! What about the parents of these little monsters? Do they share any of the blame, kids don't raise themselves.........

stupid stupid stupid, what a pair of idiots , hope thye get the full extent of the lawand society wonder why women are afraid to report rape and sexual assault? what a joke this whole thing is...from beginning to end it has been the victims fault and she has been treated horribly . time to step up adults....get your freakin head in the game.

It's our own fault that most of our kids are being raised as " low Lifes " . We're not allowed to discipline them anymore and anyone who squeels on them for causing these things will be dealt with by other low lifes knowing there are no repracussions for their actions . How different it was years ago when kids respected each other and their parents .

The law keeps protecting these creeps . At least tell us who else was responsible  for these actions so we can keep our children away from them .

I`m very happy that Law-Enforcement acted quickly on that! It shows we are watching the Internet carefully for intruding bad seeds and bully`s.

But of course...It just happens to coincide with National love your stupid arrogant rapist jock week for these repulsive girls.

what kind of morals have these girls learned from their parents   and enviornment ..  they should get the maximum penalty by law.... and be restricted from using the internet for at least 10 years  then they will know the penalty  of a death threat...   how is the rape victim gonna feel safe now that these little animals  have shared in an attack  just as bad as rape

some awesome parenting going on down there... are you ready for some football?

Imagine how any respectable family would let any of these idiots go out with their daughters? You look like a clean-cut young man, of course I trust you with my family member, NOT!  Those who are defending their rapist kin should try and put themselves in the other families shoes, or have they the intelligence to do so?  The town leaders are clever to throw them to the wolves to try and save the town's reputation!

Good, hope they both are given a lesson they will learn. Why oh why do young girls always seem to side with the nasty boys instead of the victim. Don't get it.

looks good on both of these guys,hope they stay in until the age of 21.This is what happens and what is expected when teens/grown men who run with balls and throw balls are worshiped and considered "hero's" by even grown men.  They feel entitled to do whatever they want like rape, bully, assault, abuse, etc and often get away with it because victims know they will be attacked for coming out against a "hero" that plays a game with a ball.  The same thing happens with fraternities, they are worshiped and girls who are often raped or assaulted by members fear of coming out against them because girls who find them dreamy and love their parties and lifestyle will come out against them.

I sure as hell hope these two young ladies(idiots in training) that they are never the victim of rape. You need to do some serious growing up....Society needs to learn that just because you can play a sport does not make you above the law...

The dumb following the dumber, leave this kid alone, probably some sluts girlfriends of these rapist

How much trash is there in this town? The should change the name to Stunneddville.

This young rape victim has suffered enough -- anyone harrassing her DESERVES to be held criminally responsible for their actions!!!

These girls have willingly turned themselves into the butt wipes of those slime bags, they really must hate being girls and the entire female race, to support those slimes. Until Girls are each others' worst enemy, how can we ever gain self respect? These 2 girls must not be having very good role models in their lives to be full of such much self hatred and loathing.

Stupid Teenages Girls.  Grow up useless TRASH.

I guess Steubenville, because of the actions of these two girls will now be known as Stupidville !!

one of these days, these girls are going to be the ones who keep getting involved with abusive jerks and keep apologizing for him. "But he really loves me". If they aren't already.

These two pigs deserve in jail for their ugly actions, stay in there good!!Hats off to the police, prosecutor and the judge. Make these little morons understand that they should live as civilized human beings.

I think no bail would send a good message.

I think it's really sickening that people would actually take the side of two football players who raped a girl.I guess football is more important than this little girl,I can only imagine how she feels.

2 girls harrassing a rape victim.  16 potential witnesses refusing to cooperate.  And the rapists...get 1 to 2 years in a juve facility.  What a fantastic system we have.  People are sick!

So 16 lowlifes didn't want to get involved...Should charge each and every one of them with aiding and abetting in the commission of a Felony!

These two losers were trying to defend two has been football stars who thought they were above the law and untouchable,their supportive fans need to spend time in prison also,they will be most welcome and new meat for the other inmates.

You stand around and watch something like that...you're guilty.

wow these girls are proud 2nd class citizens! parents did a great job

I am glad to see the police wasted no time in arresting these poor excuses for human beings.May justice be quick and hard.

sounds like a town to avoid if you are raising good kids.Being white or rich or famous no longer holds a get out jail ticket.  That also means these people will have to adhere to human decency or pay the consequences.  Many parents protected their beloved kids even when they have done things like this.  Speeding, wrecking expensive cars etc.  No free ride on the hurt of others in society any longer.  I am happy about that.  You just can not have equality in a society that favors the misbehaved that belong to a select class of people.

good

This is just disgusting. Whenever I see or hear about an incident where a woman/girl was abused and violated by men or boys, and to my shock and horror a victim is shunned or  threatened by other women/girls, the analogy I use here to make my point is.....its like getting the most expensive security system that money can buy for your home, but if the thief is a member of your own family and household, nothing will save your home. As long as we have girls like this against other girls, guys will continue their #$%$, I don't get why these male #$%$ girls are doing these guys' bidding, were they their official bed partners? Disgusting as women/girls learn to have self respect and then respect your own kind.

then it should happen to them and then they would know how it feels

I also think that the boy who videotaped the whole thing should be arrested.  Google Michael Noriandos... everyone should see the stuff he wrote about the incident while it was happening.  He's just as sick.

This whole matter deserves intelligent conversation, but we are not likely to get it.  The tv news this morning had a panel discussion on this latest incident, and the woman panalist was using all the feminist buzz words, the most popular being that anybody who doesn't fall in line is "blaming the victim".The two boys were found guilty.  They got one and two years respectively.  Instead of bawling in court they should be reminded that in their grandparents life time, rape was a capital crime is some states, so they got off lucky.  These latest two brainless twits addicted to social media who threatened the victim should get some serious time.  Those who saw and stood by should be charged.BUT, I heard the interview of the victim's mother in which she generously sprinkled her comments with religious buzz words and of course put all the blame on the boys.  What about discussing the poor parenting skills of a mother who permits her 16-year old daughter to go to a mixed sexes drinking party?  The girl is 16, from the photo I saw, showing lots of skin, at a mixed party, and gets so wasted that she wakes up naked and doesn't know what happened.  Shouldn't there be some responsibility to teach girls that there are bad people out there, and how they should take some pecaution.  All I've heard is feminist rants about how any female can dress any way she wants and go wherever she wants and drink as much as she wants, and anybody who disagrees is blaming the victim.  Well, it was the victim who was raped, seen naked by her peer group, and will for years be the subject of gossip in her small community - a stiff price to pay for doing what you have the right to do.( It may be legal for me to go to the skuzziest part of the city, withdraw $1000 from an ATM, and walk around with $100 bills hanging visably from my clothing, but I bear some responsibility for being stupid when somebody mugs me.)

oops re-read properly they threatened the victim?  hmmm nope not smart

Time to paint over that town sign to Stupidville. After all a towns name should reflect the character if its citizens, and  Rapistsville might offend people.

To make the threats that they've made in such a public way they ought to be brought before an adult court and NOT a juvenile court system. MAYBE an adult court system would hand them a punishment that will make them think twice about their stupidity. Hats off to the parents of these offspring /end sarcasm...... great job you did raising responsible, mature citizens..... NOT !!

Whats the matter with the 16 who refused to co-operate? They should be arrested and charged with aiding and abetting. Thats basically what they were doing. They need to learn that you help police solve crimes. You do NOT obstruct them.How stupid are these little girls! Not a single thought to how THEY would feel if they had been on the receiving end of the stupid and cruel behaviour of the convicted boys. Not a single, solitary clue between them. Stop blaming the victim!! And stop condoning antisocial behaviour with "boys will be boys". It's not okay to take advantage of anyone who's drunk or incapacitated. It's not okay to take advantage of anyone, period. Why aren't we teaching our sons that sexual assault is ASSAULT and it's not acceptable behaviour?

Throw Those S.O.B.s in prison. They are damn nut cases. What a horrible bunch of evil trash they are.

toss those two foolish young girls in juvy for a few days see how they deal with that. Dumb B**ches.

i mean really why not rob a bank then post that ? idiots

And just when I thought it couldn't get any worse with that girl being raped, and the media acting like the football players were the victims, this happens. I really hope that girl will recover from all this and have a happy life in the future.

What's the matter with the adults in this town?

Just sad to hear this, these girls must be trash. Maybe they are mad it wasnt them?

Let them stay in the juvenile detention facility for atleast a year so they will think twice for even making the threat, as for the others who knew, saw what happened to the poor child they also should have some kind of punishment and hopefully learn from this to get or report when seeing something is wrong. So glad that people can't hide like they think they can when posting bad stuff online, authorities will find you.

What goes aroung will come around , these two idiot s  will get thier come around and a stiff sentence should be handed down  maybe just maybe they will get it in jail and find out what it is realy liked too be raped

Young girls can be such little b&amp;^$%es. I really hate this new breed of little shizzWow this has all gotten out of hand. You don't threaten people weather you believe in the outcome or not. Kids nowadays just don't get it. Social media has ruined them and we are all at fault.

Sounds like Steubenville has a bunch of spoiled F***in brats that need some #$%$ kicking!

Does anyone else see the role of social media and stupidity here? As I've said countless times from reading science journals, this is just another example of the quote: 'stupidification of america'. The Internet and What it's Doing to the Brain should be required reading in high schools, and, unfortunately, elementary schools. Parent's addiction to social media is a hopeless case, but perhaps our youth can begin to focus on reality and social responsibilty. The encouragement of narcissism through the convenient tool of social media only acts to supress any empathy, if present at all. Posting anything that directly implicates the person in illegal activity shows just how powerful and dangerous social media has become. It's like it's a third party, the shooter shall we say, that no one really considers a threat anymore. People, especially youth, even after worldwide attention like this, still don't get it. I love the guys who trashed a motel room, then posted photos of themselves proudly displaying their work! Wow!

I'm surprised the town's name has been referred to as Stupidville as it would appear the mentality of so many there is lacking in good moral judgement.Anyone who would refuse to report or help someone who is being raped and not aware of it due to being drunk or drugged is despictable. Then to have girls threaten the victim is heinous. I have to wonder where and what the parents are not doing to allow their children to act in such a manner.

They will come to Canada and arrest you also if you say something the Usa doesn't like and the sad part about that is that harper will let them.

Likely the girl friends of the Rapists

The sheriff in the headline looks like Buford T. Justice.

Being drunk does not equal "asking to be raped". #$%$ is wrong with some of you? Instead of getting on the case of the victims, how about we teach our boys not to rape NO MATTER WHAT? Why is that such a hard concept to grasp?

I am glad they are taking cyber-bullying seriously, finally.  Young people need to learn that it is not okay to do this to anybody and the only way to get the message across is to ensure consequences when this does happen.  If they learn about respect when they are younger, they will carry that attitude through their lives.

Has America forgot that the girl is the victim. Not the athlete rapists, The RAPE victim is the only victim.This is such a sad story all the way around. It is a clear reflection of what is happening in society. The idols that young people look up to now are just street thugs with money. It is evident in music (Chris Brown), in sports (Kobe B) etc...They think it's OK to slap a ho, to use your fists or use a gun and to disrespect women. It's all just so cool now. Sickening.

Glad that these idiots using the internet get caught when they threatened the lives of others. Its about time that the law recognizes that internet bullying and the likes will be punished. Especially on a girl who just got raped. Thats a no-no

Who needs enemies when you have friends like this.  Their parents must be so proud to have raised such gutter trash.

Probably the guys gfs doing making the threats.

maybe if it happens to them they will change their minds

the teens today just do what they want. they dont care its not like the old dayswere you would just give them a good smack on the #$%$ that's what they need all of themthis is a new and Disgusting. Society of young stupid idiots

Cnn and this town value football over a girls basic human rights. Oh America just how low are you willing to go?

We live in a society that always blames this victim, this is no different. It's sad and disgusting but it isn't surprising.

When the reporter was saying Steubenville I thought he was saying stupidville. Perhaps the name should be changed!!

ughhh they should be charged &amp; locked up. What were they thinking. Rape is one of the worst things that can happen to a person. Yet these girls thought it acceptable to threaten the victim. Shame on them and their families. What are they learning from those around them that made them think this kind of behavior was acceptable. IF YOU COMMIT A CRIME YOU HAVE TO PAY THE TIME.Those parents of the teens who made the death threats must be real proud.

There's nothing nastier than a teen queen...sometimes nothing dumber either.

Hey Earth, how is that whole civilization thing going? "OH, just great, peachy really".

Bravo to that attorney general for his remarks and throw every SOB in jail who makes a threat or covers up this rape OR any other rape.....that's the way to do it kiddies!!!!

They should change the name of the town .. to Stupidville!

our world is so screwed in the future

On one hand people complain about how the government shouldn't interfere with parenting, yet there seem to be more and more parents that are ill-equipped to parent.   What is society to do?I know how hard it is to raise teens sometimes, but it is so important to be involved in your kids lives.  To talk to them, to know who their friends are and where they hang out.  None of these kids should be getting drunk at a party, and no one should be so blinded by a sport (or anything else) that they excuse poor behavior.  Perhaps sports shouldn't focus just on talent but take the persons attitude and behavior into consideration as well.No one ever looks back and says "I wish I didn't spend so much time with my kids".

These girls probably just watched CNN's coverage and thought the rapists were the vicitms and wanted to stand up for them

One and two years?  are you kidding me?  They both deserve the death penalty.  This juvenile business is ridiculous. Furthermore ,15 and 16 year olds know exactly what they are doing.  The juvenile age should be reduced to 12 or 13 and Rape should be an offence punishable with execution.

The case gets sicker and sicker. I agree with previous posts. Start going after the parents. Even if their bled dry having to pay legal fees it MIGHT smarten them up to Their responsibility in this case.let me  guess   2 bimbos hot  for their football players and  Mad because  that rape  victim took them awaytime to grow up children  or  find your own sandbox to play in

this place should be called stupidville.

Steubenville is where Dean Martin grew up! He would be ashamed!I hear Baretta's voice, "Don;t do the crime, if you can't do the time!"The girl sure did use poor judgement, but the two boys didn't have a right to do what they did.What about the other young people?Didn't anyone stand up &amp; say, "hey, this is wrong?"

Charge them, try them, and if found guilty, punish them.

What is wrong with these girls??? Have I missed something or what? How could they condone what these boys did, and make the victim the villain. I know times have changed, but this is insanity. I am proud of the police to have charged these girls, maybe they will see what they did was so wrong. I agree with Russ, time to beam me up!

Who cares if they are good football players - do these idiot teenage girls not realize how easily this could have happened to THEM????

When you think you have heard it all something like this happens.

This town has set back women's fight against abuse, what in the world is wrong with these two young girls defending rapists......again I question what are the parents teaching these kids, hope their heads are down in shame!

Send them to jail

Is everyone in this town #$%$ #$%$?Mr. George Carlin said it best, "Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that."

Looks like these two #$%$ girls don't mind to be raped, especially by their football heroes.

These two brainless girls must have slept with the two rapists and are proud of it..

The accused girls parents need to be held accountable,they need to pay more attention to what their kids are doing,kids like to be popular like those they idolize,the 2 rapists should have gotten 25 years of jail each,they are sniveling little boys now and will be loved in jail.

Where are these children's parents?  The rapists' parents should be kicking these boy's #$%$ teaching theses boys to be decent men. The victim's parents should have known where their daughter was and what she was doing!!  (drinking under age)  More resposibility has to be placed on the parents.  Then MAYBE people will start parenting again.  This #$%$ about not having time to spend with your kids beacuse of work, bills, obligations is just that...#$%$!  Now your children are rapists and victims. We all need to learn.

They've just made a bad situation worse.

Also, small town America...where every high school football team MUST have 27 coaches. Makes me wonder what the other 2 men in town do with their free time.Also, this is what you get in these weeney, small minded towns. You can bet that certain adults went after this victim as well. This is high school football, kids. These people LIVE for this stuff!

out of 27 .. 16 refuse to cooperate... wow... more than half the people would just be happy and content in doing nothing while a drunk girls get raped and videoed infront of them... that is some seriously wrong going on here...

I hope the victim gets all the love and  support she needs to get through this, as for the boys, they deserve more time in jail, not juvi, they are man enough to do this crime, they are man enough to serve the time. they were big men doing this crime, now they cry juvi,and are now classed as little boys.whether  they were all drunk or not, they knew better than to do this, were they both such losers sober, they were only brave enough drunk. there would be a major lawsuit against these boys and their parents.

I am glad they are being charged..how horrible to have experienced a rape, then even more negative stuff.Drop these two girls off in the worst parts of any city you can name with a t-shirt saying "Have your way with me PLEASE...coz I deserve it."

and the 16 that refused to copperate should receive a hefty fine.

YAHOO SUCKS.

And now we come full circle.  What a sham of a trial.  Worthless pathetic politicians.

Spank them, then send these two punk kids to a Mexican Jail for a few months.

Just a couple of teeny bopper kids thinking they would get away with rape. Pretty sad that they felt that the only way to get some 'action' was to rape a 16 year old passed out in a drunken stuper (as they called it)...as for the girls with their threats...probably the girlfriends!! They got what they deserved

There are a whole lot of parents in this country that need to be jailed.

when i was young their was an older man who tried to get us to bring girls to him using drugs, i foolishly (because i didnt know how to deal with it at my age), pushed the girls around  and made them leave and now they hate me,( the man didnt get to them), this was over 20 years ago, i dont know what the right answer was,

Just when you thought it couldn't get any worse!  I hope the court slams these two girls. Disgusting.

it's good to see some policing here on Yahoo and twitter -Took you all bloody long enough to "officially recognize" no  matter who you are, no matter what you have or can get,no matter  how much you have,no matter who tells you how great you are,no matter,how many trophies you aquire no one !!! Nooo one is to take unconsented sex ,it may take time but the universe will have you  pay for it

Good on the Police. They should peruse it as far as it goes. Coaches, Teachers, and parents. We need as a nation to let everyone know that this kind of behavior will not be tolerated!!!

Thanks to Fox "News" for disclosing the victim's name (they should be SUED), and for CNN for promoting rape culture (I am still dumb-founded by their support of the rapists). Rape should be a human issue, not just a female issue - but the fact that girls are threatening the victim makes this all the more reprehensible.

Well duh, now they do not have a shot at the championship.  Of course the victim is to blame, she should have wited until after the playoffs to lay charges. (This is sarcasm)

After seeing the CNN report, that showed empathy for the rapists, it's no wonder the "victim" is viewed, by the ignorant, as the "bad guy". As a result, in my opinion,  various media is partially to blame for any threats directed towards the victim.

I don't get it, How can any female support rapists?

Threatening the victim?!! It is amazing how stupid some kids are.

those two rapists should have been charged as adults.now if anyone else including adults knew about it they too should be brought before the court.the question is has this happened before and girls were intimitated inti silence?

The judge should impose a ruling that football be banned from the town.  Too many of these crazy #$%$ towns treat their football stars above the law or education system.  It's time someone sets precedence.

those two idiots have the nerve to be threatening her?I guess the two girls were angry because their only chance at gettng anything was going to jail.No lets get serious these girls have some serious issues if they cannot sympathize with another one of their community being raped.

Alcohol abuse creates all unwanted incidents. The boys acted under the influence of alcohol.  That was the main reason for commiting the involuntary action..

Gentlemen..coming to a strip club near you...

they are so stupid. make the punishment severe enough to deter this insanity in the future

Stupidville.

Wonder how these young ladies would feel if they we're the victims and reading posts about themselves? Parents should intervene and cut off their social media and get re-connected with their kids.

I can understand all this hostile reaction to the rape victim. The town is in decline, it has nothing to look forward to, nothing to be proud of, except the football team. Apparently the football team is very good.No doubt football players are revered like some kind  of Demi Gods, worshiped only next to Jesus Christ. So anybody who would be instrumental in bringing them down from their pedestal would be an object of hate, ridicule and threats. That is what seems to be happening here, apparently the rape victim has received plenty of hate mail.This does not reflect well on Steubenville. All this hate simply makes them look pathetic and desperate.

If we go to the root of the problem; the victim, the rapists, the threating girls, the answer is the same. Poor parenting. All of the participants either have a one parent family, no parent family or a working mother. Children not only need a full time mother they need one to teach them social values. While mothers are out there working to provide comsumer goods their kids are afloat with no anchor and grow up with flawed values.

I still find in difficult in this day and age to believe what I have read about this RAPE.  Guess can only happen in a small town that obviously lives back in the 60's when school football 'stars' could do anything they wanted to and were 'protected' by their coaches etc.....this needs to go higher!!  I read yesterday that the boys have been through enough...are you #$%$ kidding me. DISGRACEFUL and America should be ASHAMED

Get them drunk and stick them in a cell with their heroes.Well done! These stupid people convincing these kids that if a girl dresses a certain way is "asking" for it is just breeding future predators.

according to me threatening a rape victim!! its like promoting rape.i think police did a good thing.

A clear example that many teens (and both younger and older folks) are NOT getting the anti-bullying message.

Some people on here are also condemning the girl who was raped because she drank underage, wow! I haven't met too many people who didn't drink underage. Such a ridiculous thing to say that she deserved it because she too, broke the law. SMHAs for these other girls who are posting threats on social media. Kids these days seem to get dumber and dumber. These rapists were convicted as a result of texts and social media, things that are either public already or leave a very nice paper trail. Besides being charged with the death threats they need to be charged with plain stupidity, if you utter these in person it's much harder to prove than a facebook post that the world can read.

Throw those pathetic excuses for human beings into jail along with the rapists.  Their parents must be proud of them.......or maybe that IS the problem.

I wonder if they are the same 2 girls who testified against the "victim" stating that she is a well known "lash" and a "Liar"? ...regardless, they is no need for threats! IT IS WRONG!I couldn't be more satisfied with the punishment the 2 rapist boys got, HOWEVER there is something that makes me not comfortable with the the "victim" herself !!?

The more I read about this the sicker I feel. These kids are the future! God save us all!!!!!

Some teenaged girls can be so spiteful . . .wonder what their moms think?

i guess a lot of adults should be charged also, the football players got of to easy must be a #$%$ town

Wow. The town's "moral fibre" is more important than its football team. I sure hope folks are hanging their heads low in Steubenville, Ohio tonight cuz that's sure not a compliment . . .These girls must get hot and wet when they think about some drunken football player raping them.

Some people you just can't shake stupid out of them. Where are these young girls parents? A Forest Gump Moment, "STUPID IS AS STUPID DOES".

This is the future we all get to look forward to.

I find it interesting that the Media (FOX NEWS was first) would publish the victims name in this case...How incredibly ridiculous! And people wonder why there is a cultural fear in women who try to come forward with there stories. First off, NO person who was raped wants to be in the public eye. Shame the perps in this case NOT the victims. No one should protect the raper...EVER!

Why is the identity of the victim public knowledge?

Another example of rape culture. See also, CNN's coverage. This really is hideous and I hope it crystallizes for a lot of people that may not have realized that India isn't the only country that treats rape like this. The USA/Canada have the same problems and prejudices.

Guess if the shoe was on the other foot they would understand right from wrong

And so it begins.  How much of this goes right at the feet of CNN whose report glorified the boys on-field success and skimmed over the emotional damage done to the 16 year old victim.  What a sad state of affairs for the US when other girls are siding with the rapists instead of with the victim.  Do you think they would feel the same if it was them being violated?  American society has some serious priority issues.  Now it's time to charge everyone else who was at the party and didn't try to stop this from happening, they are just as guily in this heinous crime.

give them the regiment of perfection or give them the regiment of hatred and watch this happen

can you imagine they did this because they just didnt know what the right answer wasStupid and mean seem to go hand in hand. I am glad to see this behavior being aggressively prosecuted. We need to stop looking the other way, and stop slapping wrists.

I am glad they are taking a stance on online threats, bullying and all that kind of stuff.  It has to be stopped.  It is getting ridiculous.  Parents have to educate their children and be aware what they are doing online.

Kids in today's society need to be aware that breaking the law is just that. Put a threat in writing is not only irresponsible but just plain stupid. Their defense will be, "well, like, we really, like didn't like mean it, you know".

what a dumb bunch of teens..threatening the VICTIM..smart people there...these girls that threatened the victim..should PAY!!!..hope they do some time..dumb trailer trash!!

just goes to show that people care more about PROTECTING A GAME, then PROTECTING INNOCENT PEOPLE, and they all wonder whats WRONG WITH AMERICA, so thhose people can just go and LOOK IN THE MIRROR , CAUSE YOU ARE PROBLEM.

Break out the Beef jerky...Here comes Honey Boo Boo!

Throw the book at them.

These monster boys &amp; girls definitely produced from uncaring lousy parents.

"Investigators interviewed 27 partygoers, but said that 16 others refused to cooperate."  Wait, isn't this called 'obstruction of justice' or 'aiding and abetting'?

All you people comparing Ohio to how they voted.... Did you have to practice to be this stupid? Give your heads a shake.white trash at its finest

Throw the book at them, and give them the maximum allowable sentence. The only way this kind of vicious, brainless cyber-bullying and harassing can be stopped is by strong, firm legal action. Also, charge their parents for lack of supervision.

Well It's about time!!!!!! People (Teeagers included) should be held acountable for the things they post on the internet. A threat is a threat.

Young girls can be the harshest critics of female victims and the severest supporters of boys who treat women badly, especially when they have crushes on them. Some of the strongest supporters of Chris Brown and verbal attackers of Rihanna (immediately after the Grammy assault altercation) were teenage girls who have crushes on Chris Brown.

leave this poor girl alone you sickos !

I wonder how long this kind of thing has been going on in this town. Rape seems to be socially acceptable to everyone in that town

I do not know the people of the country any more. What happened to morals, common sense, reasonable judgement? maybe it disapeared along with the plaque that was on the wall when I was in school,....the one that stated "thou shalt not kill, steal, lie, commit adultery, etc. ". The same plaque that our whole legal system used to be based on. Now we are a society of "Everyone does what seems right in their own eyes." Let's just forget the ancient words on that old out of date plaque that used to help us know what to strive for living life.

16 of 27 people refused to cooperate + 2 people threatening the victim online = a generation of apathetic, soulless little &amp;#$%$ who view life as one big reality TV show

Stupid #$%$ Maybe send them to India to see how they like it.

drug abused teenies..what a shame#$%$ is wrong with people hasn't this girl been through enough  this town doesn't like it because justice prevailed well people you don't walk on water these boys got what they deserved

That must be the least empathetic town (I won't call it a community because its not) in this hemisphere. Can no one there put themselves in the victim's shoes?

Poor parenting.

Bad parenting all around.

Face it, if Anonymous and an independent blogger had not cared none of you would care now either. It would have been covered up and injustice would have been done.

i have never in my life heard of a race of people who needed regiment and schedule , and i mean never, give these people regiment and schedule rap music is not working

How can you say the boys parents must surely be bad parents for raising their sons in the manner that turned out, but that the girl's parents raised a known trolop that drinks to excess but they nevertheless are good parents and the girl is nothing but a hapless victim? .

about time to shut down twitter and facebook.

St'upid'ville is fast becoming the 'classy' capital of the world, now, isn't it? Just curious, are there no parents in this wretched city? Maybe it's about time the police started arresting the parents of these delinquents.

I hope these girls that are threatening get the snot beat out of them. chances are they know the RAPISTS.Here is my 2 cents worth&gt; Blaming these teens? How about putting the owness on the  parents with lack of supervision and  and the lack instilling moral fibre?

After you are done with the Kids arrest some of these parents and send them to Parenting Classes. they sure need it .

Nothing is more illogical or spiteful than teenaged girls. I'd like to think this will set an example to stop the rest of the kids in this town from doing something mean and stupid but I doubt it.

little #$%$ - disgusting and throw the book at them

Just another day in Stupidville Ohio.

All too many teens seem to believe that life is cheap. I suppose it goes back to the feeling of invincibility that is part of being a teenager. And partly to the continued erosion of morals and personal responsibility that are the bedrock of civilized society. When life is deemed to be cheap then no life is safe.

Outrage over what happens in India but this isn't any different.  All our countries have issues so we need to look at ourselves before we point fingers at others.  Other countries have terrible treatment of women but when #$%$ like this happens in North America, can we really say we are any better?

Where are the parents? What happened to knowing what kids are doing, monitoring their internet activities, these kids obviously need more supervision, and before someone jumps down my throat, I am a mother and my son is 18, he knows he has no internet privacy, if he wants it go get a good job and move out, cause as long as your under my roof, I'm watching!!!

#$%$ were 15 and 16?!  And they say this country isn't violent....

Stupidville.It is not only in that part of the world where a victim was occulted and the agressor protected. The victim had much more enemies than the agressor and no justice was done (in this particular case)! Hopefully at least this young 16 years old will have a slightly better outcome and justice to regain her confidence and pride!

Great.  Throw the book at them.

useless teenage trash.Only in america

Too bad Ohio isn't subject to the Floridian SINKHOLE effect.......would that the whole bloody lot......."parents" and new-age-brats...... be swallowed up to disappear forever.AWAY WITH ALL OF 'EM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Keith L you are really helpful . Add insult to injury and keep it going. Give your head a shake. Violence breeds violence.  --Barb Grandma of 28 and I would be appalled if I heard your statement from any of them.

Stupidville Ohio

Pretty bad when the town kisses the azzes of the football players and not help the rape victim until ANONYMOUS brought it out? REMEMBER??? Tells ya a lot about people in general these days....ESPECIALLY THIS town!!!!!

Both idiot should be raped so they can taste what they are whising for the victim.

When girls start defending rapists, makes you think. Only two things can spark this, one, there's far more to the story than whats being reported. Or two, these girls need some serious help. Guess time will tell, like other stories, Hurricane comes to mind.

This is a great case because it truly is standing for female equality.  The rich, the athletes, the ones that could always get away with these types of things held inequality in the USA previously.  It was and is similar to the older black and white problems.  White's could get away with a lot in the name of being white.  Small example.  All black kids had to take desks at the back of the class because they were black.  There was no law against it.  It was just plain inequalities perpetuated by idiots.  Ohio is getting a wake up call to equality but it is the whole USA that stands to learn from this.Duh! Rape is cool now...

The jet age should be used productively. Children should not be allowed much freedom for partying and fun.

This is what happens .......... When our governments take parent rights away. And give 13 and 14 year olds ................ I meant children the rights of adults. Something is wrong ????????

But it was (hic) consensual......(burp)

I knew a girl that faked a rape because she didn't like the guy...he is still in jail finishing up his 12 year sentence....I can't prove she lied, but I read her journal, and it's pretty clear she set the guy up...

Respect... rapists have no respect at all toward their victim(s). Why then should we have any respect for the rapist?When there is undeniable proof that the accused did in fact rape, society should show that person the same amount of respect as he did for his victim(s). I am good with jail, but not so good with protective custody... let that rapist wonder among the rest of the prison population. And what ever happens, happens.The two perpetrators in question should not be given any leeway or leniency at all. What do I mean?  This conviction must be put on their record for ever... and no they should not be allowed to forget it. Does anyone here actually think that young girl will ever forget what these two asshats did to her? NO!And about these two very young and very stupid girls that sent her hate mail... they need professional help, for real. They did break the law and need to pay the price for their hate crime. But I am willing to give them some benefit of doubt... if that doubt is proven to be unwarranted, then so be it, they would pay the full price too.I can only hope that the Victim has a good and loving circle of family and friends that will help her regain the strength and power these two asshats stole from her. And I hope that she achieves all of her goals and dreams of a happy life.

Throw the book at those stupid #$%$ !!!

Should not expect anything more from our younger generation when it comes to pointing at their sports players. Seems they get away with most things and this is what takes place when they do not get away with it. Answer: Jail for these "other girls" might smartin them up and imagine the comments then. Jacea hit it right "society's trash".

savages taught by savages living in a savage society .

they need to drop the hammer on any and all who may have failed to report this rape and those that are now threatening the victim"When a fish stinks, it stinks from the head first."  Bring in the parents of those two idiots and make them stand before the judge and get the same punishment as their kids. If this came from my daughter, I would be down on my knees begging forgiveness for failing to do my job as a parent. Yea - I know all the answers: "It's a lot of work bringing up kids today." "We aren't together enough as a family to properly discipline our kids." "In this economy, we both have to work to make ends meet." etc, etc, etc. #$%$!!!You were together long enough to conceive your kids. Now start taking responsibility for them. And you can start by looking at what they're doing on the Internet.

I see a lot of parent bashing in these comments.  Until you can know all the timeexactly what your children are doing, saying, seeing etc., think before you judge,Please don't say that you do - that would be lie.  I gave my children morals,a set of rules and hopefully some wisdom, but that doesn't mean it won'tchange as life goes on, or when they are out with friends.  Yes you can keepan eye on them, unfortunately not twenty-four seven.  I do not condone whathas happened.  That was terrible and yes they should be made responsiblefor their actions, and may God help the young girl through all this, as wellas letting these young men realize what they have done to her physicallyand mentally and repent for their actions.

Way to go. The rapists were caught because they bragged about their crime all over social media and these girls seem to be just as stupid and decided to post their threats on social media as well for all to see. I suppose one can't expect much from trash.

throw the little #$%$ punks in juvi with the 2 boys. they deserve no more.

Let it be a lesson to rapists, bullies and those who witness such crimes but dont report it. From now on everyone will be held accountable for their mistakes and not helping their fellow citizens. Great job to the police and the judicial system that is beginning to recognise the need to put a stop to these crimes

If they were the ones raped, maybe just maybe they would feel different..Rape is something a young girl never completely gets over.

Unfreaking believable!

Bet they would think differently if it happened to them

Steubenville, OHIO, another INDIA???

HOW!!!! WOOD THESE YOUNG GIRLS feel if it happed to them don't thay have any self respect or compassion in them self I really feel bad for these young girls who!! got rapedBlame the victim...that's what we like to do.

Which one do we feel is more important? The need to stop rampant bullying among our youth, a problem that has led to many teen suicides, or our right to say any dang thing we please, including threatening other people.  Let's see.....my right to shoot my stupid mouth of without editing or caring how it's received, or a young person's mental health and emotional well being.... Nope, I'm pretty sure my right to shoot my stupid mouth off is more important than anything that may be effected by it!  ~  Sarcasm

little #$%$ that are selfcentered and feel priviliged, do they not realize the horrible evil that has transpired, now even parents and coaches are in on it??? maybe those "teens  need a lesson of their own, this comes down to all the money that will no longer be made, everyones pockets are no longer going to be filled by these discraceful football players,  wonder how this would unfold if it were the football playes LITTLE SISTER?? by the looks of the picture, the girl is past out, sooooo little #$%$, lets suppose this happens to you

Throw the book at them, no mercy

What the he!! is wrong with some people??

This #$%$ #$%$ me off. You don't #$%$ threaten someone that was raped. It's not her #$%$ fault. These two #$%$ #$%$ need a good #$%$ kicking and I'd be happy to deliver it. Just two stupid #$%$ #$%$. #$%$ them, they can go to hell for all I care about them. #$%$ living #$%$. That's all they are.

Send them both to me. I'd like to knock them both the #$%$ out. I don't even care if they're girls. Usually I wouldn't hit a girl but in this case it's reasonable.

smash there fingers with a hammer.

it not the dogs falut if he bites the mailman, im not saying that it was anyone fault other that those who took part in it. i hope soon that the rest of our nation to adress the real issue not guns, drugs, jobs, it parenting somewhere down the line we forgot that thats our most important job in the world, and it time to take a stance and do what right by our kidseveyone of the kid made bad choices and that a part of life but they were failed by their parents at some point in their lives to think that any of the choices they made were ok onesthe kids were also failed by their peers who did nothing to speak out or try to help not only the victim but the boys too , they now are going to have to back around a person on person sexual crime for the rest of their lives

Does anybody remember Jodi Foster in "The Accused"  Shame on us as a society for allowing this to happen.The only way these two horrible girls would understand what they've done is to be raped themselves and have another girl threaten them....it's sad, but it seems true.

I think we can agree, a few more abortions in this town would be a good thing.

I see that from a good period of time USA keep puting more money in the education/school system but the results keep going down. Clearly, putting more money doesn't work. The very basic principles on which the system is build are unapropriate. Why don't you recognize that and come back to proven principles? I suppose because those artizans of the new system are powerfull today and still making good money from this failed sistem?

These girls must be future Republicans ..

It is now very clear that the USA is no different from Taliban. The USA is a nation of rapists!

ask the girls who made the threats if they would care to be abused while unconscious and nearly dead by two guys who wanted to pee on her

Another win for Team Vadge.

When children are not taught that God loves them, they show no mercy to others.

It is interesting that we would know nothing of the rape itself if not for Anonymous legion. Now they want to tell us that they arrested two girls making Internet threats. Me thinks this is publicity for a city that would have let those kids get away with rape because they play football. The same city that did not even charge a kid who on tape is laughing about a cruel assault on another human being. God bless that town man, they deserve the kids they got.

Shoddy kids !"  Great news.  It looks like I'm a gonna have a new wife soon !  "  --- Bubba

Maybe in this stupid town, being raped by a football hero is some brainless girls' dream.

So my question to the prosecution and  judge is , is child abuse better than pier abuse ...apparently so .

These girls need to learn a hard lesson.Post their photos and names online.Shame them until they understand how they are wrong.Can anyone tell me what is in the water in this Ohio town?

Sounds like he is saying:"Stupidville". How fitting for these fools.

pum pum pow wow lol, #$%$ in boots lmao

Prison is almost too good for these two young men,and these 16 party goer'sthat failed to cooperate, need a stern wake-up call.

I don't condone rape but when people contribute to their own demise and then cry foul because it didn't go their way , you are attacking gender and ruining lives based on gender . I think if it stinks of BS even slightly then it probably is . I think the only thing these boys are guilty of is humiliating the girl by exposing her in a degrading demoralizing way after the fact .I think the girl has the right to privacy after her own mistake . Being female is no excuse for getting drunk she could have froze to death or fallen off a bridge or got run over or robbed and beaten to death or an anything which could have jeopardized her well being and guess what ... it happened . I think when piers can recognize a fake it does nothing but make the court and this judge look utterly stupid . This girl doesn't deserve to be humiliated and her privacy needs to be protected , but rape ? I question .

Yeah go America, SPORTS SPORTS SPORTS!!!!! YOU ARE A COUNTRY OF INBRED #$%$!!! Goooooooooo America!!!

Sounds like this community is totally brainwashed by football. If the court is aware that there are parents, coaches, and other youth whom are holding back evidence and failed to report this rape, then there must be many keeping their mouth shut. What a failed community.Can we invest in that spirit in school anti-bullying programs? Please?

gotcha

this is sounding like india

Sounds like a town overflowing with braindead idiots to me, maybe they should test the local water for lead contamination!

disgusting news of the day! like, honestly...really??

i wonder what they said exactly

LMFAO @ the people that were calling for the Rapers in India and now if there are threats towards a rapist, Underaged persons are charged you ef'in people are JOKE yeah you re t rds of the world are du mber than first expected   !!

it is all peoples fault , its the girl for walking alone with boys, its the boys ( in part) for expecting her to want what happened ( although i would expect no less in the real world) its the parties for threatening her , its the parents for not talking to their kids, its the school system for not preparing theirs and its the country for not training their citizens

It's ok, her parent will pay for her stupidity!

There is far more to this coming............ the girl in question is/ was no saint, 16 years old out with parents knowledge drunk as a skunk, puking everywhere brought on dispictable actions by drunken young boys ALL of them should have known better. Lets not make her not partially respondsible, because she is, besides it was not the first time how do we know whether or not she was just laying around all summer, very questionable character.The boys deserve punishment to bring them to their sences but the sexual offender attachement does not belong in this case.Why is everyone so surprised at the actions of these teens today? Between, the violence in  games the kids play, the movies they watch, &amp; the violent lyrics in the music today, along with taking away acountability for one's actions, we have created a generation of youth who has a sense of intitlement, with no accountability, (blame my actions on anything but me) they have become desensitized to the violence. They now think it is perfectly acceptable to use violence. They break the laws, because they know they can get away with murder and walk away.

Guess those parents didn't take this great opportunity to teach their kids a thing.

It was more than time to act on the seemingly "anonymous" bullies also known as trolls.I hope the victim gets help,and stays strong.

They should give us the names of the girls making death threats so we can raped them.

This is Dr Phils home town and one of these girls was his daughter

This is the libtard Obama loving state who has already been caught cheating with votes to get obama elected. What these kids did represents typical liberal core values !

Fundamental freedoms (section 2), .......freedom of expression, freedom of other media of communication.But it's not like the Charter or Constitution really means anything these days.

How about if we all rape the girls that threatened this poor rape victum?  Maybe teach this dope a thing ot two about life since obviously her their idiot Liberal parents are not...

when teanagers underage out drinking and partys what would expect the girl did not want to press charges but the father did ?

If these 2 'prizes' are found guilty and sentenced to time in a juvenile detention centre, put them into an all male centre.  Bet they'll soon be singing a different song.Is this the India rape page? Ever see": I spit on your grave" ? ...

Taking all the trash out in that place!

She probably deserved to be raped.  She's a drunken #$%$.

Looks like the wrong girl was raped

The constitution says the punishment should fit the crime.  For being in a drunk stupor, and possibly fingering and taking a photograph of another drunk minor, the rest of your existence you are labeled as a sex offender, and can never get a good job from then on?  I think that is too much punishment for a random act of stupidity.  No matter how much these boys learn and repent and grow as people, they will never in their lives have a decent job.

Wow.