The fact that His Beatitude, Bartholomew, the Ecumenical Patriarch of the Orthodox Church is attending is a good omen.  As a Byzantine Rite Catholic, I sincerely pray that during my life time I will see the Orthodox Churches enter into full Communion with the Catholic Church.  As the Church did at the Council Brest, She should again do in this decade.

Upsidedown, I think you are going to see some wonderful changes under Pope Francis. God loves all creatures, not just catholics.

You dont have to be Catholic to like this guy....I like him.....

I love his simple, compassionate, pastoral style.  Go Pope Francis!

This man is going to be a big figure in the World, I just feel it. God Speed Pope Francis.

Long live Pope Francis!

This guy's gonna be bigger than John Paul II.

This simple man is going to make great changes in the world!

I wish the new Pope the best of luck and best wishes. The Catholic Church is by far the greatest contributor to charity in the world, but of course the liberal media never cares to mention that fact.

Francis was picked by God through the power of the Holy Spirit to help cure the troubles of now. May God Bless Pope Francis and may Pope Francis show world leaders how to lead.

The liberal Catholic haters are really going to have a hard time with this guy...he might just bless them...I didn't hear anyone say Obama was present.  It must have been his golf day.

Hip Pope. How Tony

Pope Francis " Keep it Simple " .

when the bashers get sick they are still welcomed to a catholic hospital, or they can call catholic charities for help. and you know what? they will be helped and that is the love of christ!!!!!

hail to the new Pope, a truly great man

Pope Francis "thrilled" HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS, not "tens of thousands" as the media reports.We know it's hard to like the man because he's moral and all but give it your best shot, mainstream media--just try to tell the truth.

Now if he could only sing and play guitar. Maybe next time out.

Funny how the American press like to downplay the significance of the occassion.  The Italian press says approximately a million (ie A LOT OF PEOPLE) were believed to be present, and this story minimizes it to "tens of thousands".  The correct terminology should have been hundreds of thousands......yet one more effort to try and make it look like Catholicism is declining.

...I have no affiliation to any of the man-made religions. However, I fully believe Jorge Mario Bergoglio, as a man and in his current powerful position, just like many other prominent public figures in our past, can make a great positive contribution to  mankind in ourone-among-countless little planet which we call Earth...

I hope he brings back the Latin Mass for everyone.I find it interesting that latin and Hispanics are all goose pimpled over the new pope. Catholics are gaga over him. The media are on a honeymoon with him. Yet, the Pope is about everyone. Show the love of God. I am sure he recognizes the historical value, but as humble as he appears, he is a Pope for the world. Not just one person, one race, one country, or even one religion.

Ohhhh...the monkey chased his tail  around the flagpole.......

Obama is jealous...and of course the Pope deserves the accolades, while Obama is nothing more than a fraud.

Almost everything Obama has done is against the Catholic Church - how any Catholic voted for this bigoted fraud and the democrat party is beyond me...oh, that's right...Obama and the democrats give away free money.

He makes an attractive target for evil pray for his protection.

Simple , Humble ,and Noble !!!!!!

And he closed with a cover of "Free Bird" !

Being Catholic I look forward to many great expectations from Pope Francis.  Super pope to being open to the public

Easy to talk. The Catholic church is a big company with a lot of financial obligations. The Pope is like a puppet, a public relations. The people that are managing are behind the scenes. The Pope may have good intentions but he needs to pay the bills at the end of the day.

Obama will visit Israel tomorrow, tour the Temple on the Mount, sit on the throne inside and declare himself a god. This man, Pope Francis, has been prophesied. He's Peter the Roman. Someone who will lead the Church during its persecution before Vatican City is destroyed.The origin of the Catholic Church is the tragic compromise of Christianity with the pagan religions that surrounded it. Instead of proclaiming the gospel and converting the pagans, the Catholic Church “Christianized” the pagan religions, and “paganized” Christianity. By blurring the differences and erasing the distinctions, yes, the Catholic Church made itself attractive to the people of the Roman Empire. One result was the Catholic Church becoming the supreme religion in the “Roman world” for centuries. However, another result was the most dominant form of Christianity apostatizing from the true gospel of Jesus Christ and the true proclamation of God’s Word.

I'd like to spend 1 hour in the Vatican vaults, then I wouldn't be poor!

Bottom line,  he's not Jesus, and he's not without sin.  He just a human in white clothes.  If I saw Jesus today, I would expect to see him in blue jeans!

Yeah, the pyrotechnic show was AWESOME!

Yeah but will he host SNL anytime soon?

I still wonder how the catholic church went so far away of the truth essence of christianity which is MODESTY. When you look at the life of JESUS the way he was simple you can certainly say that none of the pope with their opulence lifestyle, where representing Jesus.

"a man whose papacy is becoming defined by concern for the disadvantaged." I wonder if that will include all of those raped and molested children as well, or if they'll just continue to sweep that bit under the rug?

... why does yahoo censor the German abbreviation for National Sozialist? Are they insane?...Again: The media would have screamed Hitler took over the Vatican IF Pope Benedict would have fluttered his native German flag above the crowd.

My guess is this guy is even more evil than Ratzinger.

What a powerful deception catholics are under.Will he be the first Pope to actually apologize and condemn the role of the Church in hiding and covering up pedophile priests? And as Leader of the Church take responsibility and make the necessary changes to prevent it and hunt down and dismiss all the current pedophiles in the church? NOW that would be big change I would welcome.

Thank you pope Frances! Faith will always be stronger than fear!

" Pope backs image of the Devil lookalike to B. Hussein "......

Thrill? Did he heal the sick, cure a leper, made a blind man see, gave an amputee new limbs? No? He just showed up? Some people need to redefine what "thrilling" actually is.

Doesn't the Good Humor Ice Cream man also where all white?

he couldnt help himself he had to grab a child

"Then I saw another beast coming up out of the earth, and he had two horns like a lamb (religious leader) and spoke like a dragon (able to make people listen to him). And he excercises all the authority of the first beast (the Antichrist) in his presence, and causes the earth and those who dwell in it to worship the first beast, whose deadly wound was healed. He performs great signs, so that he even makes fire come down from Heaven on the earth in the sight of men. And he deceives those who dwell on the earth by those signs which he was granted to do in the sight of the beast, telling those who dwell on the earth to make an image to the beast who was wounded by the sword and lived. He was granted power to give breath to the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak and cause as many as would not worship the image of the beast to be killed. He causes all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and slave, to receive a mark on their right hand or on their foreheads, and that no one may buy or sell except one who has the mark or the name of the beast, or the number of his name. Here is wisdom, Let him who has understanding calculate the number of the beast, for it is the number of a man: His number is 666."  Revelation 13:11-18

I only wish all foreign VIPs  got no special treatment. What makes them so special? Joe Biden. a socialist possible communist. Give me a break.Hypocrites all.

Have Faith, I pray he does GODs work well.

Beware of a wolf in sheep's clothing. IHSI like the way he deals with people particularly to children and the handicapped. It reminds meof God's word saying be clothed with humility. For He resisted the proud, but giveth grace to the humble.(1st Peter 5 verses 5 to 7)

Wow. These people surely worship him! And he accepts that. Doesn't seem too "humble" to me!

Nothing against this pope.  I like his simple ways.  Christians worldwide should look at the centuries old Quaker lifestyle of simple lifestyle, no sacraments, and a community concept of helping people.  Quaker Friends don't believe in these intermediaries of pastors, priests, cardinal, etc. to commune with G-d and Jesus.That last fur and Prada wearing pope is definitely showing his earth-bound lavish tastes which would not make a good Quaker.By the way, I'm neither Quaker nor Christian but many 'religious' people have lost their way from the original simplistic lifestyle and helpful nature of many of the major religions.

I am buddhist by religion but acts like these from any religious heads bring tears to my eyes. Reaching out to children and disabled people, giving a damn about the security that surrounds him, only to do what he has been doing all his life is so touching.  It will bring back some unfortunate people's long lost faith in the good.

Hope the Vatican got a permit for this installation or the Codes department might have to red-tag the whole thing until an inspector comes in, and the inspector may be a Cubs fan.

GLad to see he has abandoned that hypocritical "popemobile".  I mean if the other popes were afraid of dying &amp; going to heaven, how good can it be?

To me this is all just Hollywood.

what a man!! i expect much from this POPE.

he's to old for the job.

Jesus only started one Church, and most Christians belong to it.  If you believe Jesus is God in the flesh, but are not Catholic, I challenge you to do some homework. I once was very anti Catholic but by studying the bible and early Church Fathers I learned that I was in error.  I am now proud to be part of the one Church Jesus built.Will women be allowed to become priests?  No.  Will a proclamation that being gay is evil be overturned? No.  Will cardinals who covered up child r@pe be turned over to the authorities?  no.  Will opposition to condom distribution in the HIV ravaged world cease? no.  I don't know what there is to get excited about.

".....and do not call anyone on earth "father" for you have only one Father, who is in Heaven."

'.....stepped out of his Jeep to bless someone.'  Is that like the step you take after you realize praying didn't work?

Rock stars: not just for music anymore.  This guy was picked very quickly compared to conclaves of the past.  Considering that the old pope retired instead of dying in office, I think he and the others had this maverick picked out ahead of time in a desperate effort to rebrand the church.

The worlds largest cult.

Why were the crowds thrilled?Because Catholics as well as we potestants are all looking for any entity that resembles the America we who are 50+ have known and loved, because we see an entity that actually has morral and ethical standards,unlike 95+ % of our politicians and 4-5 generations of Youth who stand for nothing and fall for everything, mostly the fact that the rest of the world owes you something for doing nothing, and if the rest of the world has it but won't give it to you equally for doing nothing to earn it: then you just steal it from them, murder, rape, beat them up and now just have the Government legally extort it form those who have morral, ethical, and hard working standards. YES WE WHO ARE MORRAL, ETHICAL, AND LOVE RIGHTEOUSNESS AND HOLYNESS, ARE THRILLED TO SEE A MAN WHO ALSO UPHOLDS THESE VALUES AND STANDARDS. THIS IS WHAT IS DESTROYING NOT ONLY AMERICA, BUT THE ENTIRE WORLD. THERE IS A GREAT DIFFERENCE BETWEEN BEING BENEVELENT AND JUST  GIVING ENTITLEMENTS TO PEOPLE WHO THINK THEY DESERVE THEM WITHOUT LIFTING A FINGURE TO WORK WHEN THEY COULD AND SHOULD.  GIVE A MAN A FISH &amp; HE LIVES FOR THE DAY, TEACH A MAN TO FISH AND HE CAN SUPPORT HIMSELF FOR LIFE!  HURRAY FOR MORRALS ETHICS AND STANDARDS, THIS IS WHY THE PEOPLE ARE THRILLED!!!! WASHINGTON DC. COULD SURE LEARN FROM HIS EXAMPLE OF JUSTICE, MORRALITY, ETHICS AND WHAT TRUE BENEVILENCE IS ALL ABOUT, AND THIS IS WHAT AMERICA WAS ACTUALLY BUILT ON, STANDARDS, AND VALUES!  WHEN A COUNTRY HAS NO STANDARDS, ETHICS, OR IDENTITY SOON IT NO LONGER REMAINS A COUNTRY AND COLLAPSES! eg ROME. ETC.ETC.

The Roman Catholic Church is the HARLOT who rides on the back of the Beast

Jesus speaking of Himself says, " He is the Way, and the Truth, and the Life, no one goes before the Father but by Him "

Invasion of the baby snatchers

IS HE THE LAST HORSEIS HE THE LAST HORSE

The catholic church is the beast. The beast wears a dress and a crown with gold and silver and full on jewels and his carinals all wear the purple ans scarlet dresses that the bible says they will have on. Then it says they will worship the beast. Look at how many worship this beast that will ring in the antichrist soon.People of ALL RELIGIONS ARE GOING TO GIVE THERE THANKS TO THIS BEAST. EVEN PRESIDENT ARE GOING TO SEE HIM WHY? BECAUSE HE IS FOOLING THEM ALL. HE WILL NOT FOOL A TRUE BELIEVER OF GOD.

So some parent WANTS a priest to touch his kid (see the picture)?

This guy will impress me when he does ANY ONE of the following:- Allow married men to be priests (shows common sense)  or- Allow women to be priests (shows they actually value women) or- Acknowledge that contraception is useful and vital in many circumstances or- accept the GLBT community and not try to convert them or- preach acceptance to all including non-believers or- Apologize to US nuns for criticizing them for advocating "Feminist ideals" like helping the poorUntil then Catholicism is just an old outdated, out of touch religion that has a lot of power because of its money, real estate holdings  and its nation-state status..  Pope Francis man up! and make some real lasting changes in the church ..

During the twentieth century, the church kept electing popes who were giants. That trend seems to be continuing in the twenty-first. The church has a remarkable ability to clean up its own house and be reinvigorated through the Holy Spirit. Not so secular cultures. These just seem to tire, go to sleep, and then expire.

Why the Pope always wears Islamic cap?

Pope Francis we have room at the oval office.  Care to step in and give us a hand?

Some people call it hate when we exposed these criminals hypocrites.Well is not hate it is a duty we do as THE LORD JESUS DID. He did not hate, he despised them and we do not hate WE DESPISED this pharisees.And if you have a Bible check it out in your Bible there is a lot more...Here is HIS WORDS:GOSPEL OF MATHEW CHAPTER 23:1, 13-1523 1Then Jesus spoke to the crowds and his disciples:13“But what a disaster is coming on you, religious teachers and Pharisees, you hypocrites! You slam shut the door of the kingdom of heaven in people’s faces. You yourselves don’t go in, yet you don’t let anyone in who is trying to enterhhhhh. 15What a disaster is coming on you, religiousteachers and Pharisees, you hypocrites! For you travel over land and sea to make a singleconvert, and when you do, you make him twice a son of darknessiiiii as you are yourselves.

Today's pharisees are worst than those in Jesus days.GOSPEL OF MATTHEW CHAPTER 23:1,27-29,3323 1Then Jesus spoke to the crowds and his disciples:27“What a disaster is coming on you, religious teachers and Pharisees, you hypocrites! You are like white-washed tombs, looking good on the outside, but on the inside full of skeletons and allkinds of rottennessjjjjj. 28You’re just the same. On the outside you look like good people to others, but on the inside you’re full of hypocrisy and wickedness.29“What a disaster is coming on you, religious teachers and Pharisees, you hypocrites!33You snakes, you brood of vipers, how will you escape the judgment ofcondemnation?

The Pope Bashers are at it again, our new Pope is hated by the secular media and anti Catholic pagans.  Well, I I pray that Christ will come into their un-Godly lives and cleanse hem of their sins.  Pray with me in the Lord Jesus Christ, that our wonderful Pope will defeat the evil and satanic forces of darkness that overcomes this world with the love and light and joy which comes with knowing our Lord.  God Bless the Pope!As an Evangelical myself, I'm finding that I like this man exceedingly.... May the Lord give him the strength to do His Will.... My thumbs up, Francis... Hope you bring new light into the ages-old stagnant Catholic faith....

DO NOT BE DECEIVED!

Brainwashed sheep following an old man representing an archaic and corrupt church.

Of course he seems wonderful! How else is the false prophet supposed to make people follow him and the Antichrist?

Oooooohhh! #$%$!!!!!

The sheeple blindly follow him to the slaughter. Don't drink the kool-aid!

Oh great...that kid's parents will be able to charge people money to see them, because the pope touched their kid's head.

what an AMAZING beginning!!! what an amazing weather!!! full of blessings full of joy:-) it's really Great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GOD bless u papa..............

This pope could bring me back to the Catholic Church -- IF contraception, female priests and celebacy were addressed

What has been stated in this article is a repeat ; emphasize carbon copy; of Pope John Paul II and Pope Benedict XVI coronations !Idolatry. Largest cult on earth. Babylonian sacrificial cannibalism idolatry.

The deceived worship the demonic caesar pope  instead  of god !!!!

ALL HAIL THE NEW ANTICHRIST  CAESAR !!!

The deceived children of satan have a new pedophile king !!!!

... still laughing. The media would have screamed the #$%$ took over the Vatican IF Pope Benedict would have fluttered his native German flag above the crowd.

I hope a long life for Pope Francis. However, I think his Security Detail need to reign him in a little.   He scares me as he quickly steps away from those who are trying to protect him.

What kind of a toolbag do you have to be, to be part of a crowd that is "thrilled" by some guy who was voted pope? Sheep.

I wonder how his predecessor is doing at his villa with servant and care takers et allllllll.  I'd like to retire to that kind of poverty.

Imagine Pope Benedict would have pull out a German flag in the St. Peter's Square. LOL

I don't "hate" Catholics but I'm not fond of them either. However if Francis sends out the right message (tolerance instead of condemnation) I think that a lot of people will be pleased. I doubt that the church will change drastically, but if we can all manage to coexist then all the better.Um......doesn't this guy go to the bathroom for the same reason that you &amp; I do?

after he ' bless a disabled man ' did the man start walking? no, of course not. this will never happen. this NEVER HAPPENED but in the minds of superstitious people who believes em gods,santa claus, easter bunny, etc...

Please help get this message over to the new POPE if you can.“Dear Pope all you need to do to hep bring peace over to the northern part of my country Nigeria is to make an urgent phone call to Mr. President, Goodluck Jonathan. As you read this, an Islamic sect known as Boko Haram is on the verge of killing and maiming all innocent people in Northern Nigeria. This sect says they want amnesty and ready for peace but the Nigerian Government is saying NO!. Hence the sect is at a “point of no return” hence revving up the killings.  But it’s the innocent ones that are dying (locals and foreigners) every day and the world is going on as if it’s not as big deal!”

He can only thrill the people who are against gay rights and women rights.

i would be thrilled if we didn't have to see him for 10 minutes talk about media crazy

i want to hear him speak in english !

Any parent caught taking their child to the catholic cult needs to be arrested and charged with child endangerment. It is well known now what the priest does, and the cover up, so no parent has the 'I did not know' excuse

Suck It Catholics!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Judge not for you shall be ....... remember that !!

Why is he squeezing dat little girls head,an why are de parents offering her up to him?religion was created by the rulers in order to master a superstitious people of limited intellect...so, go ahead..adore imaginary gods. but knows that in the future, when science finally defeat superstition, your decedents will look at you the same way that we look today at caveman .

lets see how poor curches really are make them all start paying taxes. they are the equivelent to pan handeling taking money for nothing.

why am i not suprized? He touches only children in crowds. What a pervert sick minded s*h*i*t head people..

Gos is greater than any false prophet pedophile  pope caesar !!!

The pedophile king pope wants all  of your souls for satan and the antichrist !!!

Is he there to "bless" the people? And, to be blessed by the pope means what exactly???  You automatically get into heaven?