Crystal-ball experts ... it's a wonder that nearly 100% of them didn't even see in 2006-07 that they were actually inside a collapsing house-of-cards economy that was becoming increasingly wobbly and supported by a foundation that couldn't even be located.  By the time 2008 rolled out, the economic and financial experts sounded like babbling morons ... for a good reason.

Countries or regions starting from a low level grow like gangbusters for a while, then their innate deficiencies level them off at a D- level.  Just like people.

Look to Asia and China for this answer. S. America  struggled with Asia in the 1990's, boombed with them in the mid 2000's until today.  You read the tea leaves, just look East.

THE WHOLE CAUSE OF THIS MESS is the New World Order!It cost a lot of money to have these wars &amp; overthrows of nations!Assassins cost money! You want to stir up some trouble, you gotta pay for instigators and Assassins, gorilla fighters! YIP! Zionism &amp; the Illuminati are busy!They (the IMF &amp; UN, rich elites ruling the world, Rockefellar, Rothschilds, Morgans , owners of BP oil &amp; Chase banks, etc.) want to micro chip everyone and rule this world forYOUR friend and mine, Lucifer! NOT! My Friend, NOT!It's easy to see! 30,000 drones being delivered to USA cities, towns!Sky Spraying everywhere!HAARP microwave transmission causing terrible storms!YOU can tell when they are micro waving your area, little ripples in the powder being dumped into your sky. Looks like a cheese grater went through it.START taking photo's!YOU will not believe it!They want to bring about WW3! YIP!Looks like the want our guns first! Guess they are worried we will wake up!They are micro chipping kids in Texas! YIP! LOOK it up!Mind Control! MK ULTRA mind control and Project Montauk Mind control!LOOK it up!rick

Not to mention the $billions the illegal immigrants send back each month from their jobs in the U.S., rather than spending it here to help OUR economy.

South America will pull; the plug on using dollars as a transaction currency and foil the IMF and World Bank efforts to bring them under the New World Order control.

Yes, I believe in Latin America economic growth, slow yet steady!  Can the USA ride out the global economic storm?

i'm.hedging.the.gorellas.in.the.congo

Oh, c'mon... All of the BRICK nations (including Brazil and Venezuela) will soon pull th' plug on the petrodollar, so you are merely 'whistling in the wind'...!

You can't be considered riding when you are sinking.