"I am sure glad of that! My cousin has the peppers &amp; sausage tent at the Vatican!"

So the usual suspects are kept in power.  So much for change and progress.

If he was serious about reforming the church he would announce the resignation of that entire den of thieves.

Business as Usual GREED and Corruption . Hey thats the MOTTO and CREED of the evil koch brothers TEa party and GOP congress and their mafia style Privilege Crooks of Wall Street.

Meet the new boss, same as the old boss.

status-quo for the pedophile cult

Nothing will change just like the in the USA evil koch brothers TEa party and GOP Congress and their mafia style Privilege Crooks of Wall Street. it will still be anti abortion , Anti women and Nuns Rights and Health Care. No women in the Church clergy.more priest Child molesters protected by the Church.

The Curia is a world unto itself a world within a world like the U.S. Congress. Best presently to study and watch than make changes !

God bless Pope Francis, but I fear many will be unable to see the charity and good works or hear his message if leadership continues the status quo.  Clean out the Curia, they couldn’t pass litmus under RICO if it wanted to.  Apologize to the victims of atrocities and abuse and for leadership’s role in the systematic and complicit cover-up thereof.   Turn over harbored criminals within your walls, even the aged and retired to face responsibility for their actions.  It’s time for leadership to come clean.  They moved priests around time and time again so they could reoffend and the legal party line is still that they were only following the orders of higher-ups.  Leadership looked the other way time and time again.  Their focus of forgiveness was on the man, the pries and never… ever… the child or children.  I have a hard time believing the Holy Spirit guided leadership to ignore the hurt and pain of countless children for the forgiveness of one person… or that the Holy Spirit compelled leadership to put an offending, yet forgiven priest, in yet another church so he could hurt even more children.  How can a church help persons get closer to God, until it atones for its own collective sins.  I’m not talking about individual forgiveness from God.  I’m not talking about writing more than $3 billion in checks to victims.  I’m talking about actually saying “I’m sorry.  We were wrong.”    Women continue to leave the church and take their children with them.  Soon there may be nothing left but a bunch of bitter old men pontificating their own greatness to the underclass and uneducated of developing counties.

You are expecting too much from an authoritarian cult.  Time for all decent people to follow their conscience and leave.

In contrast to the super-upbeat tone of American TV coverage, the New York Timesdid publish a front-page analysis on the Pope’s conservatism, citing his“vigorous” opposition to abortion, gay marriage and the ordination of women. TheTimes article by Emily Schmall and Larry Rohter then added:“He was less energetic, however, when it came to standing up to Argentina’smilitary dictatorship during the 1970s as the country was consumed by a conflictbetween right and left that became known as the Dirty War. He has been accusedof knowing about abuses and failing to do enough to stop them while as many as30,000 people were disappeared, tortured or killed by the dictatorship.”Pope Francis I will  reform the Curia at his own timetable -one day at a time. . He needs to consult more people first before making a big move.

Pope Francis Torturer I. They did it. They found someone more evil than a Hitler Youth.