The future of America?!

These people are going to make great parents.......... Isn't this a great world we live in ?God help us , if it's not too late.

imagine what nice girls and boys this crew is going to be...parents should hold their heads high...look at the job we did

I guess that it's time to face the facts, people.  Our younger generation is delusional.  Judging by the number teens and young adults that are mass murderers, rapists and grandparent abusers...I would have to say that our society is in deep #$%$.  The mentality is sociopathic, leaning toward psychopathic.

Through the book at them!

So these girls have a chance to be locked up longer then the two guys that raped the girl...Wow..Justice system at its finest..

The girls should be severely punished and if that means being locked up until they are 21 then so be it..

Where are there parents Are the parents on crack. Our  children are out of control.

WOW!  I bet their mothers are proud!  These people need to run, not walk, to their nearest mental healthcare provider.  The lack of humanity, compassion, empathy… basic human dignity is just sad.

You can't threaten to injure people;  and the boys were in the wrong even though they were teens and drunk like her, so they deserved a punishment........  The girl was very much in the wrong as well, and the fact her friends bailed on her doesn't say much for her or them.....    Sounds like the entire group they all ran with are in need of "growing up".....Pretty sure the #$%$ boys decision to rape a girl is what tore the families apart.

what's wrong with the people in that town??  Whining kiddies threatening each other online??what's next , a virtual bomb??

So much for those apologies, Didn't mean a damn thing did they. they should have gotten more time

I can't understand how these kids could continue to do such STUPID stuff. Apparently lessons learned the Hard Way are not Hard enough. Now I'll bet that the lack of Judgement of the 16 year old will force her parents to leave Stupidville but I hope if they have to Jail the entire population of Young people, that is what they do to bring justice for that little girl.

Publish their names !

Great verdict from the judge for the two boys...and good call for the girls bullying the victim.

Same question I always ask when I read about something like this - WHERE ARE THE PARENTS???

rather than just demand a stop go after the account holders for at least intimidation or at most conspiracy to commit. they will stop then

No wonder obama is winning elections. With kids like this I am sure the apple does not fall far from the tree.

The most dangerous person that young males who have an aspiring budding career to risk is to be in the company of; is a drunk woman that is known to have a questionable "moral' reputation. Even though what they did was wrong' they'll wind up paying the price for it for the rest of their lives as registered sex offenders. That alone will haunt them in any future plans for education,definitely in employment as well as wherever they choose to live.  The most significant impact is having that on their record in trying to establish a serious personal relationship.  The victim in all this will recover and move past the incident but these two guys won't.  The repercussions that can result from them being a registered sex offender could trigger not only psychological problems but also anti-social behavior which could lead to more serious criminal behavior. These two guys might prove to be valued members of society but because of them being registered as sex offenders neither society nor the justice system will no longer allow them that opportunity. They are marked ...for life!Convicted murderers &amp;  robbers get off having a better future than these two guys will with a "registered sex offense" plugged into the system.town has no morals, football rules there, plyrs do what want, whole towns fault

Boy whoever that women is ,i think alfred e. Newman will loose his job. ( what me worry?)  with a face like that ,she needs to be on saturday night live ,

This stuff happens alot more than people think. If it wasnt for the video, this would have never come to light. I remember 20 yrs back at my senior trip to Mexico with my graduating class. Naked passed out girls  in almost every room. Guys taking pics and yelling down the hall for all to see. Young hormones and alcohol, things get rowdy.

It happened at the Coaches house and the coach bought the booze . testicles and dull rusty knives keep appearing in my mind!!!!!

Come on Yahoo...this is getting boring...Next sick story please...

you reap what you sow.

The man also on the far right should also be on saturday night live. They are perfect for that show!

Is it me, or does it look like the woman in the pic has had two too many?

The story is not just about the parents and the kids it is also about the police who let this kind of activity go unpunished. Does everyone think that the police department didn't know that things like this were happening in their city? This isn't the first time some of the players on the Big Red football team has been accused of rape, not long ago a 14 yo girl was said to have been raped by members of the football team. The police know about these parties and what goes on at them yet they do nothing to stop it because it involves the football team.

Republicans get aggressive rednecks stirred up via fox news and AM talk radio, then they send out their Republican Attorney General to calm people down. what a joke.#$%$ ohio in the #$%$!

Really, do we still live in that society where the victim is to blame....

You bullies will get yours, have you ever heard of karma?  Here's hoping you get raped like the girl your are tormenting, then see how you feel.

I talked to my 16 yr old stepdaughter about this and she thinks that the boys should be punished but thinks what they got was to much. Also she thinks the girl isn't innocent and brought this on her self with drinking that much. I have heard a lot of stories from her about what goes on in high school now days and this isn't uncommon of an event. The girls do the same kind of things to the guys that passes out drunk. One girl in her school quit cheerleading and changed schools cause her reputation of sleeping around was so bad her parents want her to start new in different school. I think the parents here need to talk to their teens about this and see how they feel about and how thing really are in HS. Bet they will be surprised.

......apparently these girls know her, and her history of that type of conduct.

This woman gives jane curtain a run for her money...she doesn't have to say a word to be funny. Just look at her expression. She has republican boehner on her mind.