Rules in war? lmao.

So, if everyone agrees to play by the rules of cyber-warfare, then we'll all be safe?That'll work!

We have rules called the constitution &amp; nobody pays it any attention.

The Chinese has signed on to this, of course.  No?  Well, surely they will soon.

No guarantee that thieves, or China, or North Korea, will follow the rules.

My computer automatically cuts on at 4 to 5 PM everyday. WHY?

The rules in the book in the picture are going to be about as effective as the paper it's written on stopping a forest fire.  All it would be good for is to hold a person/peoples for what they determine was cyber-warfare. If a trojan or a virus can be loaded onto your computer and leave data on an ordinary day, then I am sure any country in the world could make sure there was enough data on your computer to hold you for years without charges or a trial, which would be a fiasco anyway.

And here are the rules for nuclear war.

What Maroon thought this up? You just gotta be kidding !  Nebbah gonna hoppen GI....!

NATO Cooperative Cyber Defence Centre of Excellence: Tallinn, EstoniaSo this is kind of stupid.  Having a bunch of rules of how you should break the law so you can become a law abiding criminal.  Idiotic.

The problem is there are many armies of one that can attack.

but of course. because if there's one thing hackers love to do, it's follow rules. points for effort.

Cyber WAR....COOL!! That will cost more money..

TVA should change its name to LVA, for Leningrad Valley Authority. Aka proud.

The wackadoodle liberals wage cyberwar on conservatives every day here at Yahoo.

Rules don't matter.  That's like Obama saying that something is not acceptable.  As long as it continues to happen, it is acceptable.  Hillary Clinton has used that phrase and yet things continue to happen, so it doesn't mean a thing.  It's unacceptable for this government to not have a balanced budget for the last fours years and yet, it is acceptable because we still don't have one.

China, North Korea and other countries will love to have this book. To wipe their butts with.

What criminals play by "PLAY BY THE RULES?"

"Shutting down the Internet in an occupied area in retaliation for a rebel cyberattack could fall afoul of international prohibitions on collective punishment."  When has war ever not been collective punishment?  There is always collateral damage.The safest place from this sort of attack is on the other side of multiple firewalls.  Hospitals, etc, need to insure their own safety; I really don't believe we can count on the nobility of whoever the enemy is.Rules for online attacks, like the criminals are going to follow rules???????????Just post HACKER FREE ZONE notices on all web sites, that will fix it.

I need a twinkey.  Anyone out there in cyber space got a stockpile of twinkey's for barter?

Obviously, many wars in the not too distant future will be fought not only with military might but also with brainpower.  Cyber war is but one such area.  There can be wars fought with the weather.  There are already non-shooting economic wars over currency and the ever looming jobs crisis.  Indeed, some far thinking economists already believe that jobs, decent paying jobs, will be a war of the future.This type of manual will go a long way in addressing the rules of some of the wars of the future.  For those with no life, who want to read something akin to an owners manual, check out State Department Legal Adviser Harold Koh's paper.  It was available on the Harvard International Law Journal.BTW, the first pinhead who posts some idiotic anti-Obama diatribe about this is a certifiable imbecile.  Thank you.

Wouldn't the best defense to this threat be to shut off computers?

oogie boogie now the Xbox characters are going to be coincided terrorists .and the box itself is a weapon of mass destruction.. Unless the government gets inside it

I am sure we will be the only nation to actually abide by it.. sigh.  This is just someone's promotion fodder.

Identify the cyber attack aggressor, then send in a drone to take him out.

This is f@cking #$%$

LOL.....just like the West now wants to develop 'rules' on Drone warfare now that they no hold a monopoly on this type of warfare....now they want to do the same in 'cyber warfare' now that other nations can hold their own against Western terrorists.Sounds kind of self-serving to me.I'd say fugg 'em and their 'rules'

The book is a VERY clever publicity stunt.  I'll bet somebody will make some serious money with it, even though the idea of having a real effect on cyber crime is laughable.Ya fighting rules have done us alot of good in places like Afghanistan , Iraq and Pakistan, all of them wear dresses and not combat uniforms so you cant tell any of them apart , so what good is your stupid book gonna do when others wont follow the rules you made anyways.