The owners wanted 200,000 for the web site. Ron Paul doesnt want to pay that much. He is trying to find a loophole with the UN. Ron is all about free markets, if he wants it that bad, then buy it or start a new website. The email database is worth plenty. I've lost much respect for Ronnie.

ron paul - the best president we never had

It's an unfortunate dispute because they run a good site and he's the man.  I knew it was a fan site the first time I went there.

I wonder where this country would be if he had won the election ?  I think a lot better than we are NOW with this idiot clown puppet thats destroying America day by day !

At least the Ronpaul.c0m site is not ruining his reputation.  I remember years ago my kids were researching the DC and typed in whitehouse. c0m and it was a porn site.  I would think the bureaucrats would have tackled this immediately...  I wonder if it is still a porn site?

They've had that site for a long time.   I've always known it was a website about Ron Paul and supporting Ron Paul.   Heck it goes back to his run in 2008 I believe.  Paul should simply ask if its for sale.   If it is then he should expect to pay a fair price.   The mailing list price mentioned in the article is pretty much right on.   I could understand Paul using the courts to help him if this website were smearing and slandering him.  But this is a fan site for cryin out loud.

I hope Ron Paul doesn't take it by force, because that would go against his own arguments that the government just cant take stuff from someone and give it to another person

i'm sure if he would have asked nicely he could have worked through the owners to use the site......most paul fans would be honered to have paul as part of the paul team....

I am a ROn Paul fan, but he is all about the free market, if he wants the site so bad he is willing to pay what they want.  If not start a new website.  I've been losing respect for Ronnie ever since he decided to just drop out of the race.

The Ron Paul web site is just like all the rest of those political sites. They want to be heard but dont have time to listen to. I like the man, I would vote for him, probably, but some things need to be changed in his management. I have talked to a lot of people, email, and they all say pretty much the same. You get slammed dunked with tons of lit, but there is no feedback and I, for one, am tired of hearing problems 5 states away that don't have any thing to do with my area. I am sick and tired of hearing the Gay-Rights Chant because I dont have that problem here right now. I am against the Homosexual movement because it has less than .001% of the population. I do worry about foreign aid, the UN and liberal government spending. But I am blocking those grassroots emails because of no feedback or listen to what I have to say!LOVE DR PAUL!

Go get them Ron. We are still behind you all the way! Rand Paul 2016...FOR LIBERTY!

Wow!  So Ron Paul is suing his 5 remaining supporters to gain control of his namesake domain???  There is no way he wins in court.  And the result is he loses his last 5 supporters.

A bunch of ex-pats living in Panama eh?  Like ex-pat Cubans in Miami.  Like ex-pat Nahtzis in Brazil.  Wish the rest of the tea-tards would follow them down there.

Typical west Texas loonie.

Just another GopCon Cultist who has lost his control. Maybe they will build a statue of him.

The antique just figured out TV...this intranet thingy is still way beyond him

See Yahoo Voices, "Ron Paul is My "Person of the Year"

hay tea party and ron randy suporters. tell me your views on isreal .

The GOBP did Ron Paul a big favor when they stopped his run for President. He(like Mitt the twit) couldn't cut it.Dr Paul doesn't like the Free market?  These guys owned the rights and wanted the free market to dictate how much their website and resources were.  Just seems funny that a Libertarian is trying to infringe on the property of others.

Ron Paul is done!

Here's what Ron Paul's revolution is all about..This is from your brother Duane.Submitted by DuaneK36 on Fri, 02/01/2013 - 23:32. PermalinkIt only takes like a minute to make a yahoo account. You don't even have to use any real info.Just ignore when it asks you for information after making the account. I think now it keeps asking you to give an alternate email or phone number "just in case", so you can access your account. It also keeps asking to fill out a profile. Easy enough to just navigate away from the page...like press home on your browser or type in a different url, go to bookmark...whatever, but you stay logged in.Log in, go to article, ctrl-c (copy) url in address bar, thumbs up good posts, thumbs down bad ones, log out, log in, ctrl-v (paste) url in address bar, thumbs up good comments, thumbs down bad ones....rinse and repeat. Public perception is everything :)

I don't know what Ron Paul's complaining about. They offered Ron Paul a fair trade for his domain of Ko0k dot .

why the hell would he sell his domain name ? is he going to restart his white supremist news leter? the guy comenting on a black mob shuting down the statue of liberty reminded me of that.

A mob of black demonstrators, led by the 'Rev.' Al Sharpton, occupied and closed the Statue of Liberty recently, demanding that New York be renamed Martin Luther King City 'to reclaim it for our people.'"Hmmm. I hate to agree with the Rev. Al, but maybe a name change is in order. Welfaria? Zooville? Rapetown? Dirtburg? Lazyopolis?"But Al, the Statue of Liberty? Next time, hold that demonstration at a food stamp bureau or a crack house."Ron Paul's newsletters Man talk about getting mileage out of a quote.

Ron Paul will go down in history as one of the most successful con-artists of our time (next to Glenn Beck).  Ron Paul ran for president 3 times without ever winning the popular vote in any state.  He sold "Ron Paul Silver Coins" for $60 each, when they only contained $27 worth of silver.  His gullible fans snapped them up and paid more than twice what they were actually worth.  Now his son Rand, is following in his footsteps.  Part conspiracy nut, part shyster, the Paul family knows how to make a quick buck.