How's that OUTSOURCING going for you Ford?  What I think you need to do is go back and take a look at your RETURN-ON-INVESTMENT for this deal.  You would have been better off with producing the cars in the U.S. and shipping them to Europe for sale.  But you would never admit that, would you?

Damn, I wish I could get $187,500.00 for nothing when my company shut down.

thus the reason we all as consumers get the cost passed on to us.

How much did they pay the US workers they laid off during he bad times?

The new car market in Europe has been a tough business to be in recently with sales down and more competitors in the marketplace than here in the states.Assembly of the Mondeo moves to another plant in Spain, where the labor is a little cheaper.It will be interesting to see if GM Europe, VW, Renaunt, and Fiat take similar steps.

Yes, European  employment personnel issues more expensive to deal with than in the USA.  Strong entitlement thinking in Europe. And that thinking is coming to the USA with a strong tailwind.

Made in the USA is the Best.  Union made is not.

so ford has to pay to shut down because they can't sell enough cars, but they obviously were selling enough cars to build the plant in the first place, but now that socialism failed not enough people can buy cars so the plant must shut down, but ford still must pay the workers even though the plant is not making money...WOW...wee is the common sense in all this...why doesn't the Belgian Government  just bail out the plant, it worked for the U.S. the media says our economy is booming

The very reason half of Amerikans today can no longer afford a new car!!!

Is the payout to keep the city of Genk alive until someone else buys the plant and gets it going or will it be a slow death of the region.ameriCON KAPITALIZM @ WERK!

Quite a bit something like 80 billion from US tax payers to keep GM paying outragous wages to both the Union and non Union workers.

In the US CEOS &amp; CFOS get it all, shaft the worker its ok, workers only hope, someday their will be a hanging tree.

This gave me a b0n er......weird!

why pay to close?  i would walk away and pay nothing.  I remember a certified letter i got at my business it said so and so is putting a lien on the business.  I called and said get in line old buddy you will never see a dime

Made In China = screw all of us.

That's a helluva severance package.  That comes out to $187,500 per person.   Ouch!  I'll bet Ford thinks twice about opening a plant in Europe again.

Short term costs for long term savings. Well done Ford!