can they get the talibans and all other peaceful believers and indulge in something peaceful  for a change, and live up to their peaceful tags they would like all the  ....non-peaceful believers to  emulate

I care not other that when you a grunt you a grunt no matter what army.  When you have been in the sh** you have been in the sh**.  So good for them.  If you have not heard the sound of a near miss, you can't say sh**.

desen't it seem strange that we secertly armed (Harts War) the afgans to run the russians out of their country, now there using the same weapons to run us out of there country.

How many US troops are strugling just to walk now?

Studs.

God Bless Us and Pakistan Army

Thank you Pakistan for helping us and gave you your country make a base and man power to over throw Soviet Union from Afghanistan. We know millions of Afghan refugees in your country. Unfortunately India did not give their land for make us base during Soviet occupation in Afghanistan.

An injured roach will continue moving along also. Time for the pest control company.

#$%$ cares what the Pakis are doing? The only thing they need to do is stop taking our money while they shoot us in the back.

First event was head chopping, followed by whipping females who can read event, and then bomb planting was third.OOOOOOOOOOOOOOPSI heard some soldiers were captured by Imaginary enemy in a military game, still there is no news about their fate after many years !!!

The Taliban have destroyed humanity wherever they are. They should be decimated completely.

What happens when you tolerate Taliban creatures, like Lebanon or Jordan tolerating the Palestinians, is that you risk losing your country to them.Zero tolerance is the only language they understand.

Well now that the gay ban has been lifted.

They can't catch people who shoot little girls in the face.  I guess conquring a climbing wall is a substitute

Never heard of a country PakistanI know of a cuntry called PhuckistanI just apologized to my neighbor for my bad spelling. Truly, I always felt that the name PHUCKISTAN is where Stan Laurel got his #$%$

Roy,,talk to them ,,deal with them,,make friends with them,,youll find that there is a hell of a difference between the Indian and the Afghani/Pakistani,,,,

Pakistan...don't believe a word of it...liars, cheats...they hate America....we pay them off not to attack India....

#$%$ Pakistan.  We should turn the country into a parking lot.  #$%$ savages.

Terrorist country fight against terrorism............Funny...............All soldiers are to be respected regardless what side they fight on.

I suspect everything that comes of Pakistan. They are such habitual liars.  How could these soldier shave been maimed when Pakistan has done zilch in fighting terrorists?

its good they are proud of pakistan its home to them and should fight any enemy as we dohmmm 4000 killed i guess 9/11 is paid for with american afghani pakistani blood alreadystop the madness

Brave men and an amazing example of the resilience of the Pakistani people despite all the odds!

U.S should leave iraq,afganistan, pakistan and not side with any mid eastern country, including saudi arabia. Keep only Israel as our buffer and good DEMOCRATIC friend. Also stop all military and loans of money to all these countries. Then set back and let them fight fight amongst themselves. Let them kill each other. Bottom line is that the U.S. would then start to posper. (I am not jewish, and I only want what is best for the U.S., which is my country and those of my parents, their parents,great grand parents etc.).)

God bless you all. But your stupid generals are to be blamed for all this mess when they nurtured and created these terrorists who are now killing everyone. Throw some big bombs on them.

@Gul hey (#$%$ gul , you (f)ucking terrorist trying to defend those terrorists.

the most sick nation of the map fakistan pigstan..its military fought 3 wars..with a dream to capture india..but failing every time they captured their own government..

"......compete despite wounds"..it might have been ok to sit this one out, fellas.

Pakistan never supported us. They wouldn't even let our teams cross the boarder when we could see the taliban 300 yards away! Thank God for our fine snipers that would take them out! Countless unconfirmed kills!These Fk Pork _is live in Pakistan's squalor and are killed by our Drones who target them from the US. The Pork _is mop up the slivers, guts and our soldiers stop by the bar for a pint on the way home. Now THAT's what I call a lovely war !!!

It is funny how these statists respect their troops especially if they got disabled on duty but not others.

Wow!  What was the name of that japanese game show where they tried to do weird stunts??   I think watching crippled and maimed musmutts would be even more fun for the entire familyJ

awe they compete in American games when they are not raping women - what a bunch of great guys! bet next year they will have a rape a thon on TV to raise money for the rape - Olympics!

Praise Allah