welcomed as liberators, in and out in three months, oil was going to pay for it...ten years later...  iran has an ally and we're broke

Obama is ending the needless wars of profit Bush started.

You can't buy friendship

those were the days - keeping the iranians in check...the only thing the war accomplished was giving iran an ally

Saddam gave Iraq stability. After thousands of lives and billions of dollars are lost Iraq will end up being ruled by another dictator.

Saddam kept Iran in check............. The Washington idiots fixed that....

"For Baghdad, the historical clean-up effort has the added benefit of ridding Iraq of many uncomfortable references to war with #$%$ heavyweight Iran, an increasingly important ally" I'm in my Seventies but I know I'll live to see Iraq become a puppet state of Islamic Iran!

And now his face is on the back of milk cartons.

All the billions spent and lives wasted over a Joint Cheif of Staff circle that could find nothing.  A nation that has cleaned up nothing, pocketed millions of our dollars, they want to kill us and we still have troops there.  This war is not over, but only begun.  FYI, Obama ended nothing. In a nation of snakes all you will get is a bite in your back.  Do you think we will ever learn????

Actually it like more like the Grandfather of Terrorist. Jimmy the "peanut farmer" Carter.

in all fairness, he did keep them in check.Wow, for a moment I thought the headline was about Saddam's 'sphincter.'  How weird would that be?

Actually the real war for Iran is now taking place.  It is true the USA removed the government of Iran killing its leaders.  Good or bad that government was not removed by it's citizens but by a Christian army putting who they wanted in power.Now the new government has had  What this has done, when you consider the Kurds are now not a part of Iran, Iraq is funding military movement and a population unable to police themselves is set the stage for what is know in Arab lands as another hundred year war. elections and has decided ten percent or more of the people can not have their own politicians in the government.

Thought it said Saddam's sphincter...thought it was about Obama.

He was the biggest sucker against Iran.

The Muslim Sect opposite Sunni -  #$%$ - and Yahoo is censoring it because Yahoo is to ignorant!

If there's anything we've learned over the past 10 years, it's that Saddam ruled the way he did for a reason.

You can see the execution of Saddam Hussein on YouTube. His neck stretched out like a turkey.

Whew- for a second there I thought they were going to say that trillions of dollars and thousands of Americans killed were all for nothing....

The only specter i see living on in Iraq is wahhabism/salafism &amp; that's not going away any time soon. that #$%$ dies hard if it ever dies at all. its the only thing that these sub-humans have in their lives. how fricking sad is that?

Sorta looks like a target, don't it?  (the picture)Saddam's should be gathered together and presented in a comprehensive historical museum of the horrors and dangers of his regime.  They can act as a warning to future generations who might desire another one man rule and cult of the strong man personality.  Maybe the same could be done in Venezuela and Cuba at some point.

Where the Oil that Bush promised? He lied many times, a traitor!

IRAQs oil will soon pay for the war and to rebuild Iraq in about 200 years !

What bothers me is that after all the civilian death and destruction, after all the drama, Sadaam's trial transcripts were not released. The world earned the right to know what both sides had to say. Why on earth would the government censor that?

gone forever he will be missed by Obama and the terrorist !

I wish we'd finally get rid of that Saddam.... oh.... thanks GWB!!!

looks like target practice to me

he might have been a terrible leader ,but he is still a big part of their history.

What happened to Iraq paying for their own liberation with oil revenues? And, I distinctly remember that flowers were supposed to be thrown at our liberating troops, instead we got roadside bombs.Iraq was "W"s biggest screw up by far. All he had to do was finish the job in Afghanistan in 2002. Saddam was never a threat, and the Iranians hated having him on one border and a successful America on the other. Think how much brighter the world picture would be today if we had never done Iraq.But, noooooo "W" just had to avenge daddy.

......soon Obama will christen statues and murals of himself to be placed about the country as well.t was a foreign policy mistake to invade Iraq and take him out. He should have let Saddam remain in power.

Liberal democrats in America were told Saddam was a wonderful man and that George Bush was the bad guy. Liberals are. by definition, very gullible.

You got to admit Saddam had Iraq somewhat safe

they hung the only man who could control those idiots

Stop the car bombings in Iraq send in more money ! 70 Billion should do the trick !

I think all the OBAMA BIN LYING supporters probably think we need some of those over here with Obama on them . Already you cannot browse the computer with out seeing Obama on every screen you go to ,you have to admit he has a very effective media onslaught to be in your face and in your thoughts ---good or bad -- 24/7

Didn't Saddam start out as a US puppet?

Hardly anyone will ever agree about the United States' doctorine of dealing with tyranny.Some people who live here don't even know this.Tyranny takes on many different types shapes and forms.Not any two or more are the same.What we really have a problem with.Is the politics

Saddam had a wife and at least one daughter, that he sent to France during the war. The last I heard, they went to switzerland. Anyone know what ever happened with them ? They have been awfully quiet.

And now the PNACers/repubs want to go after Iran and spend/borrow another multi trillions and call Obama the spender!  Kinda sadly funny, you think?Dubya killed 190,000, spent two tril on the Iraq war and ran up $350 bil for disabled vets all based on PNAC lies and now we can't even find the money to open Yellowstone on time!

Anybody that builds a monument to themselves is a total nut job...With lots of money of course, but still thwacked.

"... not far from where Saddam Hussein's feared eldest son was said to torture underperforming athletes."Let's never forget that he pulled a "Fargo" and had the athletes fed into a wood chipper feet first.  When he grew bored he would ask that it be changed to head first.

All I have to say is if that picture of that billboard of Hussain,is supposed to impress? It impresses me that it needs to be removed. It looks awful and isn't what I would consider art but rather advertising.therefore,no great loss to anyone.It's poorly placed,unreactive in it's depiction and looks like part of a bombed out building that's ready to fall.

TARIQAZIZ? Intresting from wiki that he is being held awaiting to be hanged when the US leaves Iraq?  Being Saddam's former mouthpiece, it appears he is not going to be hanged for particpation in war crimes but as a former member of the Baath Party and being so good at propaganda he could stir up another resurgence of another dictatorship with support of Saddam's old party?

So bomb the freakin thing

That guy sure got railroaded!  Iraq was nothing but a p s -sing contest between Saddam and the Bushes because of the contract Saddam put out on Senior.   For you people that dig up things, dig up the video of GW speaking to the League of Women Voters on C-Span about three weeks before we went in.  He was drumming up support for the war and I heard it with my own ears and I quote, "remember, this is the guy that tried to kill my Dad"  And from that point on, I knew it was all for that and only that reason.  And the taxpayers are STILL waiting for all that oil that we were promised to pay for it all.

All I can think about is Cheney and the terrible failure and shot to our national honor that Iraq 2.0 was. All that wasted money, the lies, the death; for Cheney's buddies to get rich. Freedumb Fries, dar!

Just remember: Thre great satan is  the USA. Irak has closer ties to Iran then to us.

Of course the posts on this article will be liberal, meanwhile anything about the economy, the horrible spending, the socialist in office increasing our debt, increasing unemployment, gas, utilities, food prices, its just ok. Never in history has ANY president in history ever blamed everything on someone in office FIVE years prior. I know people at yahoo and msnbc an'd its so funny, they laugh at you fools who still buy into the trap! You are SO manipulated and aren't smart enough to get it! Why do you think they totally deflect by bringing up bush when this muslim fool has tripled what bush accrued in debt? Wake up americans, geezeArt?  It was the ugliest form of art ever made. A small statue of him and his cronies presiding over depicting the gas attacks, murder, rapes, corruption and torture would be a good remembrance.  Make sure to add executing congressmen outside of the legislature building.  That might be a good reminder to the current corrupt officials.

he is still dead and always will be... good enough.

George W. Bush was the best thing to happen to Iran. They should name 100 Streets in Iran after him. He hands Iraq to the Iranians on a silver platter.

a long time ago they used to be the smartest people on the planetthen came imam hamid al-ghazalinow look at them

Whatever happened to his spokeman? He was funny as hell.

I must say they get what they deserve. We certainly did, debt that will never be paid back and every country in the world having doubt about America being a country with integrity.

A Memorial to the ignorance and arrogance of George Bush and his henchmen.

Saddam, Ben laden, Gadaffi, the world is a much better place with out them! PEACE!!

Read the posts and you will still find those on the side of a user of poison gas. Just as Fidel, the Kims, Mao, Stalin and Hitler have their supporters, there are members of the American left that admire someone brave enough to use poison gas on women and children and find reasons to excuse his crimes.

Whatever happened to Saddam's nukes?Zombie Saddam never shuts up about how the infidel will drown in rivers of their own bloods.

It is still a mess but that is due to religious problems. I see the youth changing a lot of that as they take over. The youth are 60% of the population now.

Bush did the right thing, period. Saddam and his sons were full of themselves and he cried wolf about having WMD and Bush did the right thing.

what part of los angeles is this in?

Torture? Murder? Wait a sec...I thought Democrats told us Saddam was a misunderstood sweetheart, and George Bush was a meanie...I must have missed something...

How did the A-10 pilots miss the opportunity to blow some of these things to smithereens?

Too bad Saddam's sons aren't around to coach some struggling soccer team. They would whip them in shape.

the real irony of the iraq war is that junior bush killed more innocent iraqis in the first 3 years of the war than saddam did in his 30 years of being their ruler. iraqi liberation? yeah, liberated from breathing.

Now i know what the people of Iraq went thru when they had there dictator alive

Saddam may have been evil or barbaric, but he went out like a man.Whoa wait.. you mean Hussein really was a bad guy and Bush was right to make war on him to free the people of Iraq from Hussein's tyranny?

"The Mother of all Battles"...that's hilarious. In both Iraqi conflicts the US wiped the military out in a few days. The Mother of all #$%$ Kickings, followed by The Mother of all Wastes of Time and Money trying to convert a country of #$%$ erectus into #$%$ sapiens.

I hope the US kept some live DNA samples because cloning Sadaam is Iraq's only hope of peace again.

THIS PUPPET GOT WHAT HE DESERVED!

Wow, what a bunch of stupid and ignorant comments on this story.  People who obviously know nothing about Iraq or the region or about Saddam's 24+ years in power.Those of you who really believe that Iraq and the region was better off with Saddam and his evil sons in charge as a "stabilizing influence" should read "Saddam: His Rise and Fall" by the British journalist Con Coughlin.  Otherwise, just go ahead and "thumbs down" this comment and continue making your asinine commentary on a news story that most of you didn't even bother to read past the headline.

ALL a ya,s-GET A JOB.

American missed the boat when our current administration destroyed ties with the new Iraqi government.The same can be said for Afghanistan. (I served in both countries so I kind of take this administration's failures personally)

sounds like the vast majority in iraq are happy he's gone

I miss Saddam.Today's dictators are not as wacky as he was.

Better his specter lives on instead of his sphincter.How come Bush and Cheney never got hung?

After all of these years, trillions of our public tax money(we are still paying for it) and all of these Americans lives destroyed. It was not true that Saddam had any WMD when Republican GW Bush attack Iraq to remove the WMD.

We were never welcomed as liberators by the average Iraqi. Muslim people hate western ways and religion. They love Sharia law. Saddam was much loved by his sect of Muslims and was a friend to the USA who gave him much support and aid. I miss Saddam and $ 1.50 gal gas. The Iraqi people see us as tortureing murdering foreign invaders.

Where is all that Iraqi oil that we were going to get. Wasn't it going to pay for the war.

Saddam destroyed most of the ancient Mesopotamian sites and put up statues and other nonsense to glorify himself. It would cost MILLIONS to tear them all down, but that would be millions well spent.

Love the bullet holes and chunks missing out of that thing

"Saddam's specter lives on in Iraqi landmarks"  that is why he built them.

ignorant, imbecil, liberals should get educated on HALABJA!!!

when murders harvest what they planted,thats when they realize the woe of the sow

The US war in Iraq has cost $1.7 trillion with an additional $490 billion in benefits owed to war veterans. But the cost could grow to more than $6 trillion over the next four decades when interest payments are included, according to study released on Thursday.i have watch the execution from sadam husein it is terrible he is a evil man that kill his own people do not know what to think about it.I do not like to see people get hang

The power of ignorance is still strong in the Arab World. Going after Saddam remnant after his death will not revive the people that he killed during his lead of Iraq. It will cause the continuation of friction between Sunni –Shiaa of Iraq. Had this government been rational, Iraq government should be paying attention to how can they stabilize Iraq, not by force but by compromise between the tree sects of Iraq. Since the day when the European installed punch of kings in the Arab World, the region had dived into the old culture, away from Sharia- Caliphate system. Since then the ignorance had taken refuge into Arabs mind and led them to where they are now. While the Arab rulers continue to be the dictators of their countries, nothing will change to the good of the people. Instead of wasting the energy treating Saddam past and confronting his admired people, they should be building Iraq security and peaceful state for All Iraqis.

If you did not live as a free person or never lived free the evils continue within, weather it be mistreating the women folks or children being slaves or just plain being a bully to the weak it continues, Its just a matter of time a short time and this country will be back to its old evil tricks of ruling the people in a evil fashion.

This is going to be difficult for that part of the world.  Some of them have very old and historically important monuments, that have significance for all peoples and are not a discredit to any recent opinions.  Now they must hopefully preserve what matters most and still decide how to deal with the reminders of recent events, which also have some significance.

That was so cool to see. Those weren't just any Iranian helmets at the crossed swords, they had holes from the bullets and shrapnel that killed the people who wore them. It's funny, people still tell me that places in America are haunted... what loonies haha!

most Arabs and big chunk of iraqi respect sadam &amp; even love him. although he had his faults and he might has ruled with an iron of fest but you got to admit at his time iraq was a united and safe country. now, civil war, bombs everywhere, a very divided country and , and guess what?, we still have a dictator there "al malki". some people even go as far as saying "never in history iraq remained united and safe unless you rule it with an iron of fest, and that only happened twice saddam's era was one of them".

The American people should stop voicing there opinions on matters they have no knowledge of, or about.  Ignorance is bliss and I see many are partying like it's 1999.

The country was backed essentially to the stone ages, Americans were bankrupted and killed by thousands, reputation and ethical standing of America destroyed for ever, all for a few criminals to get rich with their Halliburton fraud. We have to press the government to extradite Bush and Chaney to face the world war criminal court in Hague, as demanded by the international community.

The US has  caused all the problems in Iraq and in the process has paid very very dearly for nothing. How dumb is that??

These monuments  of Saddan  will be good for  tourismin a few years.Ol Bush, the braggert blowhard liar warmonger never helped these people.I miss Saddam and $1.50 gal gas. Now gas is approaching 4.00 gal again. Mission accomplished.

Wish the dude was still alive.  He kept Iran from getting too cocky.

How long till Obama starts erecting these things i his own honor ?

Bush inc.

Arm chair quarterbacks, the world is full of them. Washington is just another episode of as the bar stool turns.

Iraq war brought Billions upon Billions upon Billions of dollars profits to the awfully corrupt and morally rotten "CHOSEN PEOPLE".

Politician lied, millions died, Trillions of Dollars rubbed, million HOMES destroyed,.....and few bank accounts got too many zeros.

Bush's bill is really 6 trillion for the war in Iraqi and growing. Who is going to pay for it? Bush, Cheney, Congress. You Bet Ya and the PIG

It was catch 22 for Saddam, he had to play difficult with the weopons inspectors so Iran wouldnt see him as a toothless tiger with no WMDs.  And without full cooperation he gave Bush enough political "capital" to invade.  Of  course the Bush administration knew all this an spun it all around ruining the legacy of Powell Rumsfeld and the others.

WARS have been fattening up the pockets of Israelis (morally unconscience lobbyists) and the Israeli backers (in US and Europe) at the expense of millions lives, trillions rubbed, million Homes destroyed, for few to have too many zeros to their bank accounts. Israeli backers are those self-claimed CHOSEN ONES living in US with dual CITIZENSHIP (ISRAELI/US) with full allegiance to only ISRAEL.demons don't and can't die; they just go home and return even stronger;like angels in heaven we shall see them again maybe in a differant form  or body but they will return wait and see.

every one of these countries who's dictators we've ousted have "surprisingly" turned their backs on us. Pattern anyone??

Less noticed in the world of political media and Op-Ed topics is the two year anniversary of the NATO bombing of Libya, which passed yesterday. The Obama administration and their European counterparts started that war on the basis of dubious humanitarian rationales, claiming former strongman Gadhafi was poised to slaughter unarmed Libyans wholesale. They then used a rather limited United Nations Security Council Resolution for a no-fly zone, circumventing Congress and in violation of the War Powers Resolution, as a springboard to impose regime change on a dispensable dictator who had been Washington’s ally months earlier, but who quickly turned into the embodiment of pure evil once war was decided upon. Really, this was just another example of the US interfering in a civil war for the sake of its own perceived geo-political interests. Libya’s armed rebels were fast heralded as freedom fighters by war advocates, despite the fact that many of them committed horrendous crimes in the course of the war and significant portions of them had ties to al-Qaeda-linked Islamist militants.

Say what you will about Saddam Hussein but he led a more secular govt and he kept the savages in line.

PS I don;t like Mount Rushmore either.

G.W BUSH should be behind bars, Destroyed Iraq, killed over 1 million Iraqis, Iraq is divided to 3 parts, no security, no health services, corruption, no democracy! Cost US over 7 trillion, over 5000 death and 70,000 injured! Should we learn not to get involved in other countries affair! Saddam , was a dictator but he delivered to his people security, health care, clean water..

The US should have left Saddam in power. Now their terrorists in his place.The world needs to demand the execution of gw bush for crimes against humanity !

mmm &amp; how many us people killed in Iraq?what was the result?Oil? Gas? is the ravenous from the place of despoiling of Iraqis oil for the family of those us solders that killed in Iraq?who got more influence in Iraq now? Iran or usa?anyhow as an Iranian first of all I give my condolence to all those killed during the war.... and secondly I want to thank USA that occupied the country and delivered it to Iran... thank you USA

Nice bullet holes.

Most Iraqis believe that Iraq was better off with Saddam than it is now.George W is not in office anymore people.instead of coming up with a solution all the democrats can do is lay blame which means they don't have any ideas either.how are they going to protect America when they can't even pass a budget.

Actually, Iraq is probably wishing he had never been deposed. He was mean, evil and treated his people like grap. However, he did/would not allow the violence that is happening today to occur while he was there. He was also an ally against Iran. Good think we invaded Iraq...!

Not long before Iran and Iraq join together and skip down the road called life.And then it wont be long before Iran convinces Iraq that we are the evil empire and threaten us with nuclear strikes like NK.

we will supply the rockets, grenades, etc. that are required to erase these images. Free of charge, to boot.

Saturday, March 16th, also marked the ten year anniversary of the death of Rachel Corrie, who was killed in the Gaza Strip when the Israel Defense Forces ran over her with a bulldozer on its way to demolish a Palestinian home. Rachel’s father wrote a piece for The Hill to commemorate the anniversary and lament how shamefully little has been done to prevent further Israeli destruction of Palestinian homes on Palestinian land.

Most prominent today is the initiation of the Bush administration’s bombing campaign and invasion of Iraq in 2003, observed today by People with moral CONSCIENCE around the world. The anniversary has also been commemorated in writing by Seymour Hersh and Richard Falk, both featured in our Viewpoints section today, and earlier in the month by Eric Margolis, Stephen Zunes, Andrew Bacevich and many more. John Tirman is worth a read as is this great piece by Robert Taylor.

Saturday, March 16th, marked the 45th anniversary of the My Lai massacre, wherein US soldiers slaughtered more than 500 Vietnamese civilians. It remains one of the most shocking and memorable war crimes of the conflict, but, as Nick Turse writes at the Daily Beast, there were many others like it that most Americans have yet to hear about. Turse’s new book is a history of those appalling atrocities.

President Obama’s upcoming visit to Israel is expected to include the usual hectoring on attacking Iran and some pro-forma US threats to actually do so, but likely no real policy change. Rather, Israeli officials insist, the real focus will be on talking Obama into attacking Syria.Israel already attacked Syria once in late January, and almost immediately thereafter it was revealed that President Obama “green-lit” the attack, as well as any other attacks Israel might want to launch on Syria.Of course giving Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu a green light to attack almost anyone is bound to please him in the near term, but now, his aides say, he feels “left alone” by the green light, since it didn’t include any specific US offers to help with the war they’ve been planning.Israel’s government is keen to move from the air strikes against Syria to a more full-scale offensive, with the possibility to seizing more Syrian territory as a “buffer zone” being raised, even though Israel already took a buffer zone in 1973 and never gave it back.The hope among Israeli officials is that any Israeli offensive can include “joint operations” with the US, which would launch rounds of air strikes against the Syrian government’s missile caches. President Obama’s position on Syria has come into question in recent days, but if attacking Syria can be sold as a way for his administration to quiet Israeli officials (temporarily) about attacking Iran, it seems entirely possible they will do so.

The war in Libya did produce extremely negative consequences beyond the human costs of the war itself, including destabilizing the country and the region, planting the seeds for another civil war to the south in Mali, and perhaps most infamously getting weapons in the hands of al-Qaeda-linked extremists who retaliated against covert US military raids by attacking the US consulate in Benghazi and killing four Americans. Libya today remains very unstable, with rebel groups refusing to disarm or cede control to the “government,” which has now begun to aid and abet the very Islamic militant groups that attacked the US consulate.

This government can't manage affairs at home so as for foreign policy goes .Good luck with that . Everybody get ready for the rug to be pulled.How nice that after killing Saddam we put government in place thats friends with Iran.  Give power to people that want us killed and have friends building nukes.  Democracy at work...

Saddam's specter lives on in Iraqi landmarks.Obama is doing the same thing by creating an ' Obama Library ' .

I #$%$ off "Saddam's specter lives on in Iraqi landmarks."

lord do jesus slap me with a wet noodle . can someone pass me more fried chicken !!! i love fried chicken and i also love when the calla lillies are in bloom again . what a lovely site to see ...

Well. We have airport named after Reagan and Bush and they disgust me every time I go through them.

it will take a few years but sooner or later there will be another leader our politicians don't approve of and  they will find a reason to invade it again.   money , money , money,   who cares about the thousands of our young that will die believeing they did  it for freedom.

Who cares.....

To put a PERMANENT END to warmongerings and every day financial terrorism around the globe, PEOPLE NEED TO UNDERSTAND the Unholy connections and the CORRUPT BUSINESS between the 535 senators and House of representative of The United States AND the DEEPLY CORRUPT AND TERRIBLY IMMORAL Israeli Lobbyists in Washington.

With all the mistakes Saddam Hussein did, many people tend to forget the Many good things he did for Iraqis, including Keeping the Persians from turning Iraq into an Ally, Promoting Education, Keeping Iraq united, Nationalizing Oil for Iraqis, Promoting Research and Development where in his time Iraq had the highest number of Ph.D holders in the ME.As an Iraqi, I am not saying that Saddam was a Saint but Iraq is our country and it was occupied by the US and later left alone mutilated and ravaged by a sectarian war.Iraq was not "liberated", it was given on a Golden plate to a ruthless Persian Regime aiming at one thing and one thing only, taking revenge from the Iraqis and turning them into shia colony.For these simple reasons, Many of the Iraqis love Saddam Hussein, not for the Mistakes he made but for what he kept away from US during his presidency.Now and after seeing the new "government", I would rather have Satan Himself govern Iraq rather that these ruthless, demonic, savage animals...

weapons of mass destruction my rear end. Our troubles now are related to this bogus war for OIL. Bush.1 did not have the balls to  kill Sadam the first time around and it cost us trillions not to mention the lives lost.First Saddam now Chavez.  Where have all the really good dictators gone?

I just wish the government revealed its real intentions to the public everytime. So the public sees them as they are!

Its all part of a master plan. The plan is the safety and well being of the state of Israel. I read some comments saying that maybe if Saddam wasn't dead he might have helped the U.S with the Iran issue. No you see even if Iran and Iraq were at war for 8 years, a proposal of this magnitude would have never gotten accepted. So then what do we do, we invade Iraq. Yeah ok Saddam deserved to die and is probably rotting in hell, but he was never an issue. All of this could have been done without a war. Like the hit that they prepared for JFK their own president.

They actually wasted public money, fooled you around, making you believe that getting rid of Saddam will bring peace and going to war with Iraq is gonna solve all of this. If diplomacy was not an option here, then i'm sure there were many other options, but war is never an option, it never was and will never be. Next thing you know America is in serious debt. Ask the american people what good fortunes post war has brought them.

Can anyone tell me what the U.S gained from this war? Yeah lots of free oil reserves and tons and tons of money. What did it really gain. Just getting rid of an old geyser. Ridding the world of the evil of Saddam and gaining notoriety. No it gained nothing, at least nothing that there is to show. There was no WMD from the start they knew it.

Thats a cool looking sculpure.

. . . . . . And then, one September day, Muslim terrorists hijacked jet planes and bombed sky scrapers.  The national pride of America rose to declare war on the Middle East losing heart in the assault ten years later.  After that a spiteful attack on an American Embassy was ignored by the New Government leadership, and the Eagle dropped her head.

"We wanted to document the crimes of the former regime," he said. "It's so this generation learns about the crimes they didn't have to live through." However the crimes will continue. Until now, more than 3 million people are already killed. The innocent old man chaldean christian Tarek Aziz still in jaill death row waiting his assassination, that this criminal regime decided against him.This criminal Iraqi-Iran regimen. imposed by nazi Bush, is too much worse than Saddam's regimen.

yes.  history is written by the winners.  erase the past and create a new reality for the future.  truth is forever obscured.

The media and your Govt. lied, the Iraqi people never wanted "Democracy" after all, in who in the hell really wants to be ruled by the stupid ignorant mobs anyway, all they do is watch/read TV/Media and are easily swayed by it.I've noticed you can't get 10 people to agree on three points about the Iraq involvement all along so having no real consensus as to when it's time to leave or why doesn't surprise me in the slightest.  But Saddam is no longer in power tossing nuclear grade thyristor triggers in his hands on the National news any more so I sleep better knowing that he doesn't have a nuke to play with.  How else does that get fixed except to go over there and take it away from him?  You all saw that news cast, but you don't know what you are looking at thanks to the media's ignorance - I can't help that.  But there are those in the military who know what they look like.Now I get it - we ARE supposed to wait until Israel gets nuked flat before we kindly ask everybody with an interest in the Holy land to start playing fair.  Despite the UN walking away from their job administering the embargo, how could anyone know that it actually was still working, even Saddam's men thought there were WMD stockpiled.  The Spanish always believed there was a city of pure gold just over there a ways, they never caught on that the natives had that game all figured out - way, way, way over there, yep that's the place you want to be alright.   WMD the new day gold, all over it now?All I can hope for is several military bases inside Iraq for the US to operate out of so we have a strong presence when it's needed in that region again without having to gather together another disingenuous coalition before even a single step can be made.

Im really supprised that image of Saddam isnt pockmarked beyond recognision with AK 47 fire and RPG blasts?

When we went into Baghdad we lived at the Martyr's Monument, in which, at the time I didnt think much of it, but when I think about it several years later, I hate how disrespectful that seems. The monument is a way of the Iraqi people showing thier care for thier own fallen sooldiers, and yes being that it is underground and a geat place for cover against air strikes and bombings..... as a soldier to another soldier, it just felt a bit disprespectful.

what up ? is someone killing someone ?  .................   Oh my..............

I spent a couple months living at that monument - its a great little park.  A must see when in Baghdad.

what a waste of lives and money all for oil

saddams legacy will be in good order iraq is run by the fedayeen saddam ex-baath party loyalist.

Honoring Kurdish, or shiites or Sunni all is old English colony system. Divide and concord, one group over other, saddam at least bring all these people together, as on Iraq,

There is a joke that says that after IRAN, AFGANISTAN'S WAR, children at birth  in UU EE are crying louder than ever because they know of the enormous debt they have to repay.

if any of you want to complain send your letters to crawford , tx or to the real ex - president of the united states #$%$ CHENEY !! just ask him to give 50% back what haliburton stole .should have left him alone...at least he would have kept those animals under control

Looks like Saddam's image has been used for a bit of target practice

ide #$%$ on that wall

We just couldn't stay out of the Bushes.

@ ADAM SCHRECK the author: I stopped reading it from where you wrote the Kurdish Genocide took lives of 5000 people. Maybe you missed one zero but even that number is too low for the real victims. It is better not to state something when you do not know about it than hurt the feeling of the bereaved who still grieve for their beloved ones.

This makes you wonder what would happen if we all gave thanks for what we have, instead of missing it once it's gone.

Saddam allowed all religons in his country, and kept al-qeuda out. Enough said.

ElBaradei (Egypt TERMINATOR) told the stupid George Bush Jr. that Iraq has owned weapons of mass destruction. In order to protect Zionist Jews, Bush started the Iraqi war killed more than one million Iraqi’s, destroy the country with the US citizen tax payer dollars. At the end, Bush had excused and settled that the received information was misleading. That was War Criminal Action.

What really makes me upset is we spent alot of money fightn the war ,lost loved ones..etc .and get spit in the face because whom we fought agnst will now hv more advancements and come here get free bzness,gov help etc and thn thy will walk over us ..why did we lose our loved ones in ths darn war if we cant respect thm here...

Clean up our own houses before we try to clean up others.Saddam was just like Hitler.  I'm super happy that Saddam is gone.  Now maybe the iranians can get back to a normal life without Saddam.

That piece of garbage put his own picture, on a ancient historic ( Babylon) site. He deserved to die for that reason alone.

Iraq before the US invasion was better, now after the invasion its so divided thanks to America,, they found new clear weapons..

How about the specter of the LIES due to the alleged WMDs of Iraq as propagated by the bush administration, its invasion, destruction, thievery, and countless deaths (till now)? That is the highest 'specter' in the whole of world history.

Wow people only like things they agree with ;(

In other words, Yahoo is asking the terrorists in Iraq to get rid of it :/ Naughty Yahoo

should have just nuked that country.saved a lot of americans lives.

Well...duh..much like a liberal passing through a room, the stench doesn't go away after the animal leaves. Saddam's cult of personality was an entire construction industry unto itself.

saddam must be laugh in his grave now,watching the stupidity of US in Iraq

aaah the history of the U.S. invading other countries in the name of liberty, freedom, and the saving of the Kurds by George, I'm wondering if there are any weapons of mass destruction in the country now? oh yeah, Iran, thanks George, all those young american men and women  dead to prove your point .. which was ....?It hurts seeing American imperialists destroyed Iraq the once beautiful country... hope America will collapse soon and become 50 republics.

There's the media and then there's the truth!

George W. Bush was the worst President but a great salesman.  He sold 85 percentof the American public that we had to destroy Hussein and  Iraqi.  I did notbelieve that for one moment.  It turned them all in to war criminal.  Bush,Colin Powell  and the rest of them get to live with their decisions.THERE IS A VERY LARGE BUMP UNDER THE RUG.!!!

The Pride Of American zionist filth and lies. Sadam was loved by Iraqi except for The Mahdi army that the USA turned Iraq to them and Iran Good Job #$%$ Bush.

Bomb it!!!

I wonder how much the U.S. is spending in repairing Iraq infrastructure versus repairing our own infrastructure.  Thanks George W. Bush.

HE - saddam was the glue who kept it all together . the biggest terrorist out there is the united states - period - . starting an offensive war thru lies ( lieing to the american people who they love sooo much ) and kill the head of state ( doesnt matter he was a good or bad leader ) . who the heck the united states think they are . there are people in the united states they think they running this planet - NOT - . a run down broken country who has absolutley NOTHING to give exept weapons sales and spy on their own people paid by corporations and banks who #$%$ the united states public over and over and over

Yes I agree that Saddam kept Iran in check, as the saying goes americans never learn from past mistakes. Now they are paying the price for their mistakes.

Irak's war was about oil, and you Americans were fool by your government, who just wanted to invade a foreing country to steal its oil. your corrupt government used you. See how smart you guys are?

It was a big mistake killing him, a big mistake.Looks like Jimmy Carter to me.

the united states deserves everything that happens , everything . what a bunch of loosers you are .