When I took a journalism class in the 8th grade-about 1968...they said the title of your piece should be explained in the 1st paragraph.  I see this is no longer the rule.

Still the rule ..but Yahoo has none.

*al-CIADuh*

as far as i understand and read between the lines - Syria will be broken to small pcs - each small area will be controlled by different "rebels" they will continue to fight each other for long long years maybe forever.

So now they are called "Islamic activists?"  This article is trying hard to make it sound like the rebels are going to be better than the current dictator.

morsi is another cj educated in the u.s....how is that working out for ya?

How bizarre.So, the Syrian conflict has boiled down two which sales team can move to a foreign city, hold a meeting, and announce they are the new governing body of Syria.Life truly has become a fantasy.

Egypt now Syria,I see the U.S. hasn't learned much by placing dictators in these countries.I would like to see what would happen if another country placed one in the U.S.,or did they ?

NATO is implementing a policy of Libya style over-throw of foreign governments by arming and injecting insurgents &amp; foreign mercenaries.   However these al-queda terrorists who are being sponsored will at some point create an even bigger problem for the world.

Did you vote to support this coup? I didn't.

No surprise they just want to make the government look US friendly so we dump money here like everywhere elseWhen asked what the first priority of his interim government would be, he said: "We'll talk about that tomorrow."It will be the same as the  Libyan professor who  flew home  after 30  years  of living in america to appoint himself the rebel's oil and finance minister.  His first priorty was to break inot a state bank  and take 500 million in US dollars "to fund the revolution."   Libya als had about 30 billion  dollars in foriegn investments tha w   and there was Chalabi that we flew in to take over Iraq after years in the London.   the US took about 20 billion of  dollars that Iraq had in Us banks, convertd it to 100 $ bills and flew it into Iraq.  Six billion $ of that cannot be accounted for at all. there are no records of where it went!   Libya had over  $30 billion invested in western banks after Qhadaffi was assured all was forgiven about Lockerbie.  I doubt that the Libyan will ever see that again.    " Power does not flow from wealth, wealth flows to power."   DHB

SNL couldn't write stuff better than this .

Yippee ki-yay? List me as one former Texan who is NOT proud of this "achievement." Living in Texas has, obviously, not made him a Texan: Texans believe in law and order and do NOT believe in radical fundamentalism. Living in the US did not, obviously, make him an American: he is supporting militant Muslims, most of whom hate the U.S.

So that no one is confused in Middle Eastern speak: Islamic activist = terrorist

Propping-up another 'Islamic Activist'? Did swift-boat Kerry sign-off on this?

ah yes one of them head scratchers

Kerry needs to back off the botox......this guy is not and was not a Texan, great job yeehoo

I would want someone who was on the ground taking the risk of being shot, not some suit hiding out in Texas or Turkey.

it's already too late to save Syria..and apparently,the Obama admin. don't care one way or the other,in fact, the US is indifferent to either side,but I think the US leans more to the rebels

Wasn't Osama Bin Laden "American educated", and look what a success that turned out to be.This boy ain't a Texan, folks.... We stampede his kind.

Syria is going to be the next nation controlled by Sharia.  We claim we want democracy to spread around the world, but in places like the middle east, a dictatorship is preferred.  You know what the middle east gets with democracy?  The Taliban.  The Taliban rose to power by overthrowing a dictator and returning the country the the people under Islam.  The exact same thing that is happening in Egypt, Libya and Syria.  Insane muslims are trying to take over the world, just wait.  Egypt, Libya and Syria are going to be the next Afghanistan.

Is that why the government keeps bringing foreigners over to take our slots in schools and jobs. So they'll have a hook up when these people go back to THEIR countries

Can we say CIA?

Opps, the Tanked Media forgot to tell us he Hates Israel and Christians......But, the Bolsheviks Government/Media Love him!......Ouch!

who will they be electing next week?

I notice AP (Associate Press) and Reuters were pumping lots of propaganda to support the invasion of Libya.  Outright lies were being published like "rebels" making their own tanks in garages and other nonsense.  Beware of the news source folks.

Anyone interested in learning more about what's going on in the ME should visit YouTube and watch "The Business of War: SOFEX."A real eye-opener.  It's essentially American foreign-aid fueling purchasing power of military assets.  Salesmanship gone wild.

If you move to Mars that doesn't make you a Martian.  He's not a Texan.

Texas is a veritable breeding ground for Mid Eastern Islamic leaders.48 ballots, how very democratic.

Doesn't exactly qualify to be a Texan..."most recently lived in Texas". Come on.

so 63 guys in turkey who haven't fought or lead troops in battle, and have no international recognition, have just proclaimed themselves the new government of syria (after the first 2 times nobody listened). *crickets*

The guys in Syria are too busy fighting in Syria to argue, in the usual Muslim way of arguing every dot, comma and period.  Who is to say you represent the fighters?  I don't think so.Those in Istanbul are the Syrians that left Assad's government but would love to re-set it up with themselves in charge - same old same old.You know? if the Syrian rebels can fight and destroy Assad, and they are, they will take you down too.  Just quit jumping in to a situation that is not yours to control.Your "coalitions" make me physically affronted by Muslims - you do not know how to proceed with any event.You do not represent the fighters:  the fighters are not done.  Go home and write letters to Assad or somebody.And "American Muslim"? nobody but nobody wants you back in the US.We will regain our "freedom" from you and your religion that is not Christian.

I T = Islamic technician?

Hope he brings that cowboy toughness and the Old West perseverance spirit.

It's Bush's fault.  This guy is from TEJAS! Bolton will be his SECDEF.

They are going to be so ticked about this one.

AND his CIA payroll number is xxxxxxxxxxxx. (Sorry, that's classified. National Security)

I thought it was gonna be a Bush. There's gotta be some oil to steal there...Isn't "Islamic activist" the same as a "Islamic terrorist"?

One thing for sure. He's got a 'Texas size' undertaking on his hands over there!

Awwww, THAT's not a Texan!

Sounds like a dangerous job

he's a Texan and i am a Surinamese...

If everyone who lives in Texas is a Texan, then I guess that would hold true for Nidal Milak Hasan, the Fort Hood shooter, too. Geeze, the headline is really stupidly stated if that is the case for being a Texan.

If everyone who lives in Texas is a Texan, then I guess that would hold true for Nidal Milak Hasan, the Fort Hood shooter, too. Geeze, the headline is really stupidly stated if that is the case for being a Texan.

Why would they respect any government with arms each one of them takes what he wants.

Are you truly a Texan just because you lived here? Not really. What a totally stupid headline, anyway.

From reading the comments you'd think that Texas secretly runs the world and is pulling all the strings.  Anyway this poser ain't no Texan, recently living somewhere does not make you a person of that land.  As for the CIA at least try to be discreet.Damn, Mitt Romney lost another one...

Hamid Karzai worked for a Bush oil company and is president of Afghanistan and now we have a Texan wanting to run Syria.  Just like the ad said, "Texas,its a whole other country".Tip: If your going to be a president of the USA, don't pick a Texan as your Vice-President, the laws of probabilty ain't so good. less so if you visit Texas.

Ccrew Syria and all that support it and their money sucking methods. Other than that they are a good bunch of guys.

if he aint fr4om Texas,then #$%$ his #$%$

Howdy Abdullah, let's go get some barbecue.

Yet another Islamist activist.  They have a pretty poor showing so far.

hope he watches his back and has a food taster .....

more of yahoos propaganda against southernershe is NOT a texan

Texas, huh? Remember the Alamo!

Hey!!! Don't mess with Tex-ria?  I dunno, sounds catchy.  Today that's all that seems to matterI am not impressed.  The Syrians fighting are not you; what if they do not want you to fun what they just won? it is not for you to decide the fate of them after they did the fighting and they did not do it for you, but for themselves.As to a Muslim running around in the US? good thing he is out of here - we'd tar and feather him.Here is how it is.Our forefathers made a distinction of types of Christianity - whether it was headed by a Pope, the English King, or groups, etc.  The founders said whatever type OF CHRISTIANITY IS TOLERATED, FREE.False logic and a lot of bungling and a lot of snide ugly people have snuck into the United States on this theory that ALL RELIGION IS ACCEPTED IN THE UNITED.Very wrong.  Types of Christian thought are accepted.Muslims are not Christians.Go home.  Stay home.  LeaveDon't come back and don't try to move here.These past years have taught the American population.  We are a Christian Nation and do not intend to fight you guys from within our own set of principles that set us apart from the rest of the world to live and worship Christ.Frankly, just go home and worship a toad if you want to - but we are forcefully removing mosques from the United States.  They are "fronts" for Sharia law, not for religion and your religion is not Christian.  End.

Another snake oil salesman from .......Texas

That's who the US wants to put as their puppet in Syria.

Just a gimmick to get American support for the terrorists.

How's he gonna lead a nation if he can't fix my printer issues?

Awesome, it's about time we inserted a puppet of our own in Syria. Iran has had one long enough.

He'll have a lot of clout with the rebels fighting in the streets.He can show them photos of the good life the last 20 years - that will get them to line up behind him.My question is - where are the 35 people that voted for him from - are they all from Texas or other states in the USA ?

Very strange how this guy made his way to be elected oppostion leader.  The Afghan president was US educated, and the puppet 1st Iraq president was US educated.  All puppets of the US

Is this Texan diverted from being a terrorist cell? Seems an odd choice to me to leave Texas.

Its the wild wild east, how fitting to pick a TexanSyrians must be baffled.  Why are we getting president from Texas? We are already in the war and broke.

We are to believe a country of several million will hand over power to a coalition meeting the following criteria:a. 63 active membersb. 48 votedc. Four cast blank ballots.d. Hitto (who is not a member of the group) received 35 of the remaining votes.Do the math.  What happened to the other nine?  And, professionally Hitto is a computer scientist?Truth is stranger than fiction.  If Hitto stands a chance so will the next franchisee who opens a Subway Sandwich shop in the region.

wait a just a second there bud he ain't no texan

I'll guarantee you that native Texans don't consider him a Texan. You've got to have at least 3 generations born, bred and buried there, to (maybe) even be thought of as a Texan.

Yea, a US citizen to head the rebels! That ought to be a good reason to drag the US military into this mess to save his #$%$.

This country falls for these scams every time. Kerry will kiss this guys #$%$.

Just another attempt for something that won't work.Too much hate, jealousy, power, ignorance.All self defeating interests.

It is like me declaring myself a millionaire and hiring an accountant I can not afford and do not understand.

'said Hitto, who has lived in the United States for decades and recently moved from Texas to Turkey to help coordinate aid to rebel-held areas.'In other words he's doing the footwork for Al-CIAduh.

He's a Muslim from Fort Hood, this is great news!!He must have left his cowboy hat at home.

I'm not exactly sure what this means.  What is the purpose of this article?

A president elected by 63 people !!

how many more members of the mudslime brotherhood have been brought to usa on our dime as "palestinians" seeking asylum i wonder? more than we know .... for sure. great to see an american member of the bros in charge of ANOTHER mideast nation to be radicalized. sorry israel, americans do not support what ovomit is doing. he is on his own and really should be impeached for aiding and abetting the enemy. but no one will step up to do so.

Hmmm.  he must have changed his mind about staying when he saw their were real bullets.By J. DAVID GOODMANPublished: October 8, 2012The night before leaving his parents’ home in Wayne, Tex., to join the rebels trying to overthrow President Bashar al-Assad in Syria, Obaida Hitto left a bouquet of white roses for his mother, with a sterling silver locket and a note: “You’ve made me what I am. But now I need to go and do what I need to do.”Obaida Hitto of Texas went to Deir al-Zour in Syria to help in the fight against President Bashar al-Assad.Smells like another Obama and Muslim Brotherhood crony...

Goodbye Assad.

Germany and the other EU nations are finally recognizing the results of misappropriate actions in interferring into a sovereign countries civil wars and supplying arms, as only escalating the violence and deaths.  Why doesn't the other countries come to the same realizations??!!!

By "a few dozen" did they mean about three dozen?

The only way to have stability in the Middle East is to have a heavy handed dictator run things....these people will never live in a democracy.

Criticism of Islam is NOT HATE, Aladdin (below), ya FOOL! Or do ya believe in "thought crimes" as in Orwell's "1984"?! However, ALL Muslims can ONLY be trusted when they say: I'm gonna KEEEEL you (look up: Taquiyya, Kitman, Tawriya &amp; Muruna)!Bring the Bar-B-Que to Sryia, hee haw, Go Aggies.

"Texan"? Sam Houston was a Texan. Red Adair was a Texan. John Wesley Hardin was a Texan.  Khalid Saleh is some guy who lived in Texas for a while.

Only a Texan would like the weather in Syria.

Egypt has fallen to the Islamists.  Gaza has fallen to the Islamists.  Syria is on its way to falling to the Islamists.  Then it will be Jordan,  and finally, Lebanon.Luke 21:20: “When you see Jerusalem being surrounded by armies, you will know that its desolation is near."

I guess we won't be staying out of this one either. So much for deficit reduction.

i think we need to get out of the middle east and get the middle east out of America.

Even the terrorists have PR men. Got make it look good when they take over another country with Obamas help.

Syrian rebels who know what is real are in Syria.

I wonder if this buffoon was affiliated with Goldman Sachs?

never heard yall say that about the muslims that are yale,princeton,harvard,columbia,etc alumni.and theres a WHOLE lot of them"Syrian opposition elects Texan as new leader"everybody go to the #$%$ new homepage and scroll down to the bottom right to the feedback button and complain about this misleading propaganda

Democracy in an Arab country? Dream on.

Yeah, Ghassan Hitto, a real Texan!

US became a breeding ground for Muslim terrorists - are we proud of it?

Revoke his Citizenship for meddling in Foreign Politics.

Another puppet regime in the making.

Smells like puppet.

They are bunch of lairs! we host them, feed them, provide them weapons to be give to terrorists from taxpayers. they have no present on the ground, and only the group that is fighting is Al Nousrah front which is affiliate to Al Qaeda.

The Emperor of Ice Cream.

This doesn't add up.So someone who lives out of the country will be the leader of those living fighting and dying in the country?  Would America allow a Frechman to become our first president?  This sounds like another attempt to control or take over someones  independence war!   Are we helping or hijacking?

Yee Haw!

Is there oil in Syria? Strange this guy lived in the United States for more than 20 years and now he's in charge of the Syrian rebel interim government and Kerry gave Syrian rebels how many millions to help them overthrow their government. When did he become a rebel and who appointed him leader?  Rebel rebellion. Yeah. Right. This is a total sham.

If he's a muzzie "activist" (whatever that is), it's good he's there and not here anymore. If one less to run out of the country when we regain our sanity in this country.

a different part of the world and different beliefs.  It's up to them to figure the outcome.  When I read people bashing a religion and a area of the world they have never saw makes me think, "I guess you got the answer".  So please do tell.  Do we nuke them, slaughter them like pigs, or just blow them away with missles?  Nothin #$%$ me off more than stupid people who have answers.

Assad is screwed now.  He'll be facing a Texan... Just like Colonel Travis at the Alamo... Viva La Muslim Brotherhood

Why do all these mid-east meddling politicos come from Texas? Wasn't that where that woman from Charlie Wilson's War was from?

Yeah, good luck with that ....you smell American and they don't like it. Don't worry, you can come back....

America.......say hello to the future enemy #1 of the United States.

Tell me he's not Syrias....What a headline! Yahoo had "Syrian Elects Texan" He ain't no Texan! Flat out insult to Texans!

Looks like he was much impressed by the American Civil War in 19th century. He will wave his flag in the Golan border, when the President visits the area this week.God help Syria and her people to remain secular and united; the last non-European Pope was also born in Syria 1300 years ago

One day, you're working in the IT department trying to keep employees from watching porn on their work computers....the next thing...you're a Prime Minister of an oil rich country.  Wow

Nothing wrong with having a Texan in a battle zone

Another US puppet in the making

Islamist activist. LOL

I am sure that the hard core Al-Qaida militants are going to rally behind the flag of an interm government with an IT professor from Dallas Texas at its helm. However they may call him if they are having problems with their computer network. That this guy and the government they formed as a organization that is going to reform Syria is Laughable at best. They have no ties to the actual rebels and no understanding of the plight of the Syrian people. They are just a group of ex-patriots that believe that they can just step up and say hey we are in charge. They have no real connection to what is really happening. They are going to need the backing of the rebel groups and they will ;ook at them as a joke. Businessmen seeking power without making the sacrafice. They believe that restoring the infrastructure will win the people. The truth is that most ares are controlled by extremist that will not recognize them.

NO Muslim considers itself a citizen of ANY country, but ONLY as part of the Ummah (ALL Muslims as a group). NO Muslim would consider itself a Texan &amp; NO wise Texan would consider a Muslim to be a Texan, even if BORN there &amp; was a CONVERT ("revert")! FOOLS!

Syrian Rebels: Muslim extremist that dislike Syria's secular ways and wishes to impose Shariah Law by any means necessary right down to torture and using weapons of mass destruction (Nerve gas/chemical agents)Do you just love these guys!

when they talk about families and people being persecuted and slaughtered,they leave out the fact they are Christian families being persecuted by muslim bro'hood and al qaeda who hijacked the ACTUAL syrian rebels.also when owebama says he giving aid to syrian rebels,its going to a q and the m b,its not going to the syriansObama and Kerry don't you remember how everything touched by the foreign policy of "overthrow" screws up?

All the women in Syria will soon be under Shria law.

Syrian opposition should know better. Our country still can't shake the after-effects of electing a Texan to lead our country in this century or last.

Another government fallen and replace with Islam...  Its going to be us against them before its all over.  Might as well be now !!!

Lets see if Syria makes the same mistakes as Libya, Egypt and Tunisia.

yeah...if I am a syrian, I definitely want a Texan leading my countrylolthe people in the middle east are such fools and easily manipulated.

Thisis one of the ongoing reasons why there should not be multiple citizenship, multiple passport, or multiple oaths of allegience. It is too easy for the individual to fake the oath.

lol

War torn Sryria should look like most front yards in Texas this guy should feel right at home.

Afew billion dollars will not buy friendship. Syria has never been a friend of the US after they get the money from us they will be finished with us.American-educated IT manager and Islamic activist to head an interim government to administer the areas seized by rebel forces from the forces          What does this mean???  Im just a dumb guy that lives in Texas....                    seems like the CIA  sent a dummy to run stuff???   whats a educated IT  manager..IT   what?   whats IT?   Islamic activist in Texas? Holy Cow!!  Bet my neighbor didnt know that!!! Ole Bubba woulda been all bent outa shape..He woulda had Betsy all loaded up ready next to the door. Why is the US gettin so belly up with this #$%$?

So is he a US citizen or not? The article doesn't make that clear. If he's not a citizen then he isn't a Texan either.

They are getting confident.

Nail an head v thats what ive been thinking the whole time

Iran is the only one left.  Expect to see Iran fall soon

ah,another ahmad chalabi, like the cia picked for Iraq/.they did such good job then ,iam sure this one is good too........so America officially in bed with alqeada

we are amazing... :)it's for their own good. we chased out our texan with a #$%$ broom but we sent one to them.

Huh, Syrian leader ousted, replaced by American. Man, if this doesn't make you wanna break out the tinfoil hat then nothing will.

ha-ha, thugs choose a gang leader. And US, french and british promise more money for these terrorists...hypocrites. I bet "rebels" will buy weapons for this money and kill some more french in Mali. Looks like french government is so stupid.

Obama's worst nightmare; a leader from Texas. Maybe he can get the Natalie Maines as his Ambassador.FYI - Ghassan Hitto is a Muslim Brotherhood member educated here in America, same as Morsi in Egypt. So the West want's another Muslim Brotherhood government in Syria. The same government in Egypt that want's to instal Sharia Law and said that giving women rights would be catastrophic for the world.  So they want to replace a secular regime with a terrorist organization that wants to send the great country of Syria back 500 years ago.

Duly and democratically elected by a bi-partisan and OFFICIALLY sanctioned council of izlamic savages: Mohamed Raschid Abdulrahman " Tex" Ali

Islamic activist...go figure. Now I know why Obama wants to support him.

Lenin returned from exile and took over, but he had major backing from the Germans. Who is backing this non-entity?

Comedic, a Texan huh? lol. talk of another puppet regime. Who are these people fooling.

Sound like this dude went to the George W. Bush school of politics to me.

Just like the terrorist NATO empowered in sovereign Libya had also been living in the USA for decades. Hmmmm........

There is nothing but a pile of ruble to rule over, Assad and his cronies know this and are making plans to get out of Dodge.

Another attempt to create a puppet government. It will fail like all our past efforts.

Hmmm... American educated.Syrian expat who hasn't lived in the country in decades... great choice... that worked out so well in Iraq with Ahmed Chalabi and other exiles.

"Islamic activist" says it all. For the last few years the USA and the UN have been supporting Islamic activists in the middle east and Africa and basically hiding it, saying we are providing humanitarian and technical assistance. We use several channels including NGO's to recruit and enable rebels, then provide money, guns and ammo so they can start their revolution.

Just like Egypt get one #$%$ out and another one takes his place and just because you live in Texas it does not make you a Texan

That should appease Rick Perry while we arm more al qaida terrorists.

A true armchair general

. . . it's so funny (only if one has a dark,sick, perverted, warped, twisted sense of humor) that America calls these anti-government Syrian forces rebels, or freedom fighters or heroes . . . but if such a grouping tries the exact same tactic against, say, Israel, they are immediately called TERRORISTS - have their assets frozen - are placed on a terrorist registers and watch lists - if captured are whisked away to hidden torture facilities under so-called 'rendition'  - are condemned in the UN - are held up as the worst kind of evil known to mankind - and are mocked by most of the 'decent' Americans on Yahoo.-------------------------------- ANYONE LAUGHING YET  -------------------------------. . . not so funny huh?

Should the islamic infested UN recommend anything other than a sharia compliant peace theory it would be as if Hell froze over.

no where does it say he obtained citizenship...defense fund for nine eleven conspirators? Guy needs a noose party.

How do you say American backed puppet in Syrian?

Well, this will get interesting..(peaceful solution) which means to vote themselves with out syrians people....!

Global Jihad.

Ok, I just want to observe that this person, although quite a good guy, is not a Texan.  He was trained by Texans, though, and that may be his salvation.  You go, Hitto.

I just knew there would be another opportunity for Rick Perry!

Gotta be great ... just like Morsi's Ph.D from USC ...

Leave these people alone.Get rid of Assad and then talk.Words got them no where.A lot of people will get killed,but at least they will finally get their freedom.

everybody, meet your new public enemy number 1

Oblunder will have to protect this Texan,because he is an American citizen in the hostile middle east. Boy we have dug ourselves a hole. You pacifist might get drafted for this one.

American educated Islamic activist... really? Poor Syrians, wake up and stop calling this a "revolution", its a coup d'etat in the making.

Just another attempt for something that won't work.Too much hate, jealousy, power, ignorance.All self defeating interests.This has C.I.A. written all over it

He's not a Texan!! He's a Syrian who just has lived in Texas!!

Another Muslim America's educated takes over, will he be with us, among us , work with us or against us..... a BIG IF?

I wonder if after Obama seizes power in the U.S. will the rebel government also elect a Texan as their representative?

we have no choice - we have to admit - it was better with - sadam -mubarak - gadhafi - ,,,,,

I wish Hitto best of luck, Lord knows he'll need it.  Uniting rebel factions, sectarian factions, and ethnic factions is no easy task.

An Islamist from Texas?  Please, tell us more.

someone somewhere figured it they wanted it done right to send a Texan in - roflmao

Yes, they have muslims in Texas.  No, they didn't sneak in through Mexico.

Obama and Kerry don't you remember how everything touched by the foreign policy of "overthrow" screws up?F the USA, F the UK &amp; the France for their global warmongering imperialistic, colonizing NATO empire agenda. They overthrow, sell weapons, fund rebels &amp; lie to their people all the time. Its time we put these governmental-corporate thugs to rest because they are not looking out for your good or anybody elses, just theirs. Now just you wait for a dumb American to comment &amp; say "you un-American patriot" or something along those lines. Blind patriots are the worst of all evils!

He's a "Texan" like I'm Italian because I like to eat in Italian restaurants.

Duly and democratically elected by a bi-partisan and OFFICIALLY sanctioned council of izlamic savages: Mohamed Raschid Abdulrahman " Tex" Ali

So Obama is going to be giving money, guns and intel to a Texan? I bet you obamabots really love that :)

Wow, can someone say Puppet Government on the horizon.

islamic brotherhood so kerry will run right over and kiss their butt and give them money because they're our friends and mean us no harm. obama and kerry what a team. this country is goooonnneee.

I just elected myself as the new Syrian President.

I see we have our appointee in charge now. Things are looking up.

He is turkish...."and recently moved from Texas to Turkey " according to your exaggaration. He may have been allowed to live in Texas for a short time...but he is NO Texan.

This smells like puppet.This smells like puppet.

Hitto: "I plan on giving a speech later to outline what our interim government will do"Another words I have no foching Idea what to do and am waiting on orders as to what I will do

This guy(and his appointment) reeks to high heaven of another C.I.A. fall guy once the shooting stops and some of the U.S. involvement becomes to messy !

Get religion out of your politics and you will be so happy with the results. Keep your religion... worship your god... but dont mix it with your political decisions.

Prime example as to why we need to close our borders,This man lived in the USA and is probally connected to Obama in some way.Now he wants to tell the people who has lived thur the turmoil what they need to do and what is best for them.These people are fool's if they let this man take over,just like the USA was for him being in our country.

This a first but significant step towards splitting up Syria. Maybe Assad is not exactly fully against the idea. Facing the West and Arab Peninsula money, and seeing his forces widely scattered, Assad may be content with the areas he controls.

From Texas!!!???  Boy are they screwed!

And the US will trade them guns for what ever they got to sell.

He needs to organize a hugh Texas style BarBeQue with spit roasted pig and set everyone down to discuss peaceful solutions.

How can known terrorist groups be backed by our media?! How can terrorists elect future leaders of countries they are not even citizens of?! How can we support that?! It's all about $ and power we are supporting the terrorist takeover of another country. We've already sent more then 200 million to al qaeda in Syria. The CIA is also once again involved with them just like the 80's. Hillary Clinton already confirmed it. All just so we can profit from a puppet government and tug on the strings.Somalia Junior.

anybody else still thinks that CIA is not behind the rebels?

Good move Syria.  Everyone knows you don't #$%$ with Texas.

It finally hit me.  The reason I am fed up with hearing aboout the mid east is the same reason I hate and don't watch soaps.  They have no reality and are only fueld by intrigue, deciept, lies back stabbing and plots that can't work.

Whatever. The United States needs to stay out of this at all costs. $30 billion aid to Syria and Lebanon and millions of people hurting and out of work in our own country. Stop the madness please!

Another puppet placed there by the Globalist multinational imperialist.

Syria's opposition coalition early Tuesday elected a texanoh lord they elected a radical fundamentalist

the officers of the government  should be resident in syria and vote by its people ...!

"These kinds of violations of sovereignty are absolutely unacceptable.' Unless, of course we do it! Gotta Love the Dems!

CIA strikes again!DID HE READ THE KING JAMES VERSION OF THE HOLY BIBLE...............................

Well, electing a Texan worked out so well for us....

I think this actually bodes ill for the situation in Syria. Who thought putting someone who will be viewed as an American in charge? Stupidity. It looks like a puppet-ploy, whether it is or is not. What do you think the people of Syria and its neighbors are going to think?

wow, more evil #$%$.........does anybody else feel like their country is out of control??

LOL.  The muslims elect a PM and Lebagone gets pounded.--What are the muslims going to do next?????

From Texas?  Well, they're doomed!

Hassan was in Texas so? The man is a Bilderberg Al Quida terroist. I hope Assad  kicks thier #$%$.

lock the treasury I feel trilllions of dollars slippping out and into the hands of profiteersreminds me of Iraq when Bush&amp;co shipped in their intern Gov ,and this one is straight from Texas

Why do these guys who dont live in the country and arent fight, think they have the right to take over once the actual fighters win?

"Islamic activist" from Texas - don't they have one more down there still waiting to be hanged for killing innocent troopers and didn't want to shave, if I remember correctly?So he's a puppet, this isn't going to go over well

Well it looks like NATO &amp; Gang are not going to listen!China has warned them!Russia has warned them?BUT, these puppets of Zionism don''t care about YOU &amp; ME!It's getting closer to hell on earth!rick

Texas huh?  Maybe somebody needs to watch this guy real close.

when all is said and done, we dont need to get tied up in syria

the zionist entity is definitely behind it. they announced it in 06 after their humiliating defeat in lebanon. the purpose is to start a sectarian conflict because zionists cant wage anymore wars of aggression without impunity. every 1 knows who created al qaeda. the al qaeda are munafiqeen. they operate with saudi controlled arab money to benefit the zionists. al qaeda since its creation by america never ever attacked zionist interests. they hide behind zionist occupiers in the golan and fire at the syrian arab army.

Two governments one country.So which UN protocol accomodates this ?

Give them enough weapons to keep each other busy for the next 100years...

This civil war is between sectarian liberties and strict Moslim law. The current government actually gives many times more freedom to the people, especially women, than the rebel Suni group will ever consider.  If this battle is won by the Rebels, then there will be one more opressive state in the Middle East.  Hopefully, the US will stay the heck out of it.  We got in the middle of Iraq, and now we've effectively handed the entire country to Iran.  Perfect.....not....  Oh and remember the "revolution" that ousted the Shaw of Iran?  The result was a piece of #$%$ country sticking it up our pipe, hundreds of days of torture for our Embassy personnel back in the 70s, and a possible Nuclear war someday.  Wake Up!

Looks like another $250 million or more in aid to me

SYRIANAWhy the hell we do not just give Hamas and Hezbollah the Keys of Washington, Detroit, L.A. and Chicago?

"Syrian opposition elects Texan as new leader"A Texan? wow, talk about a bad start!

Oh, this can't end badly now can it?

Karzai in the making

well there's  a foot in the door.

He is no american

Obama and the Muslim Brotherhood..  Active and working right here in YOUR Government..Think not?   Go look up some of the people running things..Home land security for starters..It only becomes more scary as you research..They have inserted themselves into the government with the aid of "Comrade Obama"...

Now wait for him to declare war on the U.S.

They'll regret electing a Texan just like we regret electing a Texan.Oh yea,in our case,he wasn't elected.

Come back to Texas and help free us from the oppressive Washington government.ah.. another american backed  muslim islamo fascist  ;;fuehrer;.. for the crumbling middle east...

Now if we could only convince them to take nancy pelosi, harry reid, barack husain obama, barbara boxer, hillary clinton and a few others then they can experience some hope &amp; change also.

Just because he lived in Texas that makes him a Texan?

So, America has incited a civil war in Syria, supplied weapons to Syria via Saudi, is now contemplating openly about giving them weapons directly, admits Al Qaeda is the large part of the fighting force and is now installing an American puppet for the hopeful overthrow of a secular leader that's done nothing to America. And those crazy Muslims are upset with the US!? Crazy right?

this is interesting a us ed leading the rebel cause against Assad? that's news in itself and to think he's a Texans...i'd advise Assad to pack up and head to Iran or Russia (if they'll take him) wonder what Assad's, English wife thinks of the whole situation.....she may hang with him if rebels take the country ...that'd be ugly but likely....

Osman Bindlaw aka Osama Binladen called himself a Virginian when getting schooled by Langley in early 80's

35 ballots eh? That's legitimacy!!!!

I find it awesome how powerful the US propaganda machine is. America is intalling an American puppet into Syria before the Civil war they started is even over yet and still no one sees an agenda! Ignorance is bliss.

The new failed Foreign policy of Kerry who represents the used to be American superpower is: "Do what you want about Syria arming and I will do nothing to stop you" which is surprisingly similar to the foreign policy of Luxemburg and Monaco. Under the incompetent Obama, US lost its influence and allies in the Middle East, Africa, Asia, Europe and the rest of the world as America is seen as broke and bankrupted country ruled by out of control drunk sailor who takes money from half the hard working conservative American people and giving it to the liberal parasitic Blacks, Hispanics and Middle Eastern that refuse to work and to pay taxes. Obama cannot buy the trust of former US allies because Obama cannot be trusted to make any promises about financing or arming other countries that make any sense. So please do what you want about the civil war in Syria and please do not bother asking Obama who is busy playing golf.

Is his last name Bush? How long til they/we invade Iraq?He's rich oil loving family sent him off to be educated in the U.S. He's not an Texan or an American. He'd just another one of those Muslim pieces of #$%$ that should be wiped off this earth.

In another photo, he wears a white 10-gallon hat and rattle snake-skin boots and the caption reads that he knows who shot J.R.

Do you remember Iraqi Ahmed Chalabi, a Muslim and a US citizen, who in 2003 was the darling of the Washington scene and was groomed to be a post Saddam Hussein Iraqi Prime Minister? Ahmed Chalabi eventually disappeared into history and oblivion. This Syrian guy Ghassan Hitto, a practicing Muslim and a US citizen, would try to keep Syria together but would fail. The Syrian Kurds want their independence and the United Nations would support them to have it. The civil war in Syria will not end until Syria is broken up and the Kurds have their own country and a sovereign state.

after two years of fighting and killing and destructions peace full solution sounds like a joke to me

So, he is coming from here. Where else? We're the only people on Earth who want this. However, this country is full of undesirables who have anxiously awaited this spot.

Oh no.. here comes the CIA conspiracies...

I think the trick is to convince the Syrian Army to get a French general. A quick surrender would save a lot of time.

Um.Wat?

WW3 becomes more evident as time goes forward with Americans interlacing themselves in conflicts that are in opposition to Russian and Chinese interest.

"American-educated and Islamic activist" Such a coincidence!Current Egyptian President is also American-educated and was an "Islamic activist"!  And we all know what's going on in Egypt now: radical Islamists rule over there. Can you see Syria's future?