Craig Berkman just won't stop stealing.  Put that #$%$ away for the rest of his life!

There must be some mistake -- politicians are looking out for our best interests.  Aren't they??

Good riddance.

Put him where the Suns Light don't Shine !

Your Honor,  my client is 71 years old. Two 20 year sentences, even served concurrently, would be a life sentence. Couldn't we just give him a disapproving glare, a stern lecture and a tsk-tsk-tsk?

As a famous Simpson character once said.......HA HA !

Greed makes people do such stupid things and that's both sides of this story

Gotta get thaty retirement nest egg somehow. This piece should link to the 1 in 3 seniors die with Alzheimer's story.

All I have to say is that it didn't happen in South Carolina for once!

What is he smoking out there in Oregon to think he could get away with this?I see another miscreant from Gods Own Party, the family values crowd.

A scamming politician, who knew?

Just imagine what he could have done if he'd won an office.

smear smear smear Yahoo is here.  What about Menendez???????

WOW= more GOP examples of their most central tenet....I got Mine...F.U.

Loser.

Why yes, he built it....

Another #$%$-bag who will get away.

throw this bum in jail and throw away the key.......

Wow, he would make a great politician.greed feeds greed.

Everything is a SCAM...help your family and friends ....put your money to good use...investments SCAM...charity SCAM...I don't give to anything anymore..

Thankfully he never made it to the governors office.

I bet his punishment isn't as severe as that gal that illegally downloaded 24 songs.

I'm a conservative and usually vote Republican.  I say. "Hang the S.O.B."

He's 71 so he will probably drag this out and by the times he gets to court, they will give him mercy because of his age and he  will just do probation at home.  No wonder these people keep pulling this cons since nothing seems to happen to them.  Who went to jail over the housing mortgage fraud that collapsed the world economy?  No one.   They are all counting their millions and laughing all the way to the bank.  They are now going to start stealing our savings to pay for the over-sized governments they have created, which are rife with fraud.  Politicians are nothing but scammers and thieves.

He used some of the money to pay his bankruptcy expenses - priceless.

Good to see FB and Fraud in the same line..

D!rtbag!  He's just the same as our other elected "leaders":(

Given the nature of the Farcebook IPO, everybody involved in it should have been charged with Stock Fraud!A Republican... of course.

Oh, well that explains why he was featured in the North Korean propaganda video....

Small potatoes to how many people got Zucked into FB.

One would think he would change his ways.

Gee look another one eating up the bottom feeders !

Dishonesty wears all labels....

I know what he did was wrong but I have to wonder what people were thinking when they gave him the money?   It obviously was a scam just because it sounded too good to be true.

And to think Bush wanted to eliminate all power from the SEC

A politician that is a #$%$.  I'm shocked.

A Republican? Shocking.Politicians &amp; roaches.....I'd rather have Roaches Than Politicians.  At least One of them is Good For Something...Keeping RAID STOCK UP~!!!

You mean Facebook stock is worth Money!????

As a Republican &amp; a person this disgusts me. Lock that pos thief up, or put him on a deserted island to die. Hate #$%$, regardless of party affiliation.

Some actually do get caught, but only a few will go to jail.

the entire facebook sale was illegal and you will have to pay for it.

A Republican defrauding investors...how shocking!!!! This must be a "liberal conspiracy"....break out the tin foil hats!

Seems they forgot to mention what political party he is affiliated with.

Another reason not to be on FB quit FB , pass it on .

Darn when I read the headline I hoped it was Kevin Mannix and was going to suggest they give him a measure 11.

I'm surprised he wasn't elected, he certainly has all the qualifications to be a politician.Facebook will sell all your information !

No tell it it is not so a politician that would lie to make a lot of money.No No it cannot be all politicians are so honest they would never steal..Or give money to companies so they can declare bankruptcy .Take billions of our dollars then go home .Tell me our politicians would never do that

Even though there are good honest people on Facebook and other sites...there are many deranged social misfits who cannot make friends in person...How stupid can someone be to send money to a stranger online???

Just what the Republican Party needs...a recidivist fraudster for a state party official.  At least this one was mostly fleecing the rich, instead of the middle class.  Considering the way the last  national election campaign was run, and how our elected officials in Congress have behaved in recent years, that seems almost ironic.  Maybe Rove will try to tell everyone this guy was a secret class warrior for Obama who infiltrated the GOP.

Well, he didn't get elected for a reason. The sane oregonians, kicked his sleezy but to the curb.

Corruption is not limited to politics.

Nothing to see here folks, just another creepy GOPer #$%$.  Move along. Next.

Playa gone get played....

Agree the man needs to be put away for this and the government should go after the Wall street executives and traders and put them behind bars who caused all the problems we have today.

He figured he gets something in case he didn't get elected. If he did, like every other politician he/she would be set for life.. This is why they run for a 200K salary job even if they pump in millions of their own money because the return once in office will be at least 5 times.All these comments about Republican this and that.  Just a few hours ago the headlines read that a Democrat - George Shirakawa Jr, was convicted of a DOZEN counts of using campaign donations and taxpayer funds.  Then we have Jesse Jackson Jr. and his wife and the list goes on and on.  Can't we come to the conclusion that there are crooks, thieves, liars, etc. on both sides?  They ARE politicians, right?Besides that, none of us are perfect now are we?

Just shows - only the dishonest, money/power grubbing people run for office.  I say we can the LOT of them - on BOTH sides and start over.  Send a message in the next election - vote out ALL incumbents until they take notice and start serving the people instead of screwing them!!!!

I knew he was a repub before I read the story....typical...and the righties think these capitalists as gods

If McCain had won, this guy might have been in his cabinet.

If guilty, sling him in clink, so what if he is 71, that is no excuse, he would have enjoyed the benefits of the money, so now he can enjoy the results of being caught.Sounds like to me he has been diddling people for all of his career as a money diddler.

Just another neocon,doing great this for America....lmao!

Typical Repub.  While he was stealing everyone's money and acting like he was wealthy, I'm sure he was spouting that he was successful because he works harder and is smarter than the rest of us!

politicians who are crooks, imagine that!!!

Don't tax the rich, they create jobs!--every Republican in the US

Even when politicians AREN'T involved in politics...they're still crooks.Surely a republican would not do such a thing.

now you know why he didn't win any elections in Oregon, I wouldn't vote him for dog catcher.

Lock the neo-con up and make an example out of him. Bernie is lonely.

woopsie

I can't believe it... a crooked politician.

Why doesn't this surprise me?  Just one more political type person committing a crime.  There ought to be a law if they are convicted of a crime of moral terpitude they spend their natural life at GITMO.

Berkman has long been active in Oregon politics and served for a time as the head of the state's Republican Party, according to press accounts.

ponzi....a way to feel like a big-shot, until you're caught....right, bernie?

ANOTHER Republican stealing from people to enrich himself.

Good riddance to another Republican trash politician.Banks can do this all they want and no one gets prosecuted, but as soon as rich people have their money stolen then someone gets arrested. What a terrible system we have in place.

I see, when you do not hold public office, then it is a crime?

Anyone that Buys into  Facebook deserves  to lose money

a politician who moonlights as a thief? that's not news

It's all of that Devil's Lettuce out West that made him do it. He was injecting marijuanas.

it seems all who want to go into politics are crooked, most just do not get caught.

Another Republican/TeaBagger slimeball...and yes, I know, it's totally redundant!!!

Former head of the Oregon...wait for it...Republican Party. What else is new?

Surprise, surprise: There's an (R) after his name.

On the other hand - had he bought the shares and IF price tanked people would have also lost their money. Oh wait.................... never mindlives in Odessa, Florida  runs for office in OREGON????

If he's a Marxist, he's good to go.

Wow, another republican and his ethics

Just another typical teabaggen republican!

"head of the state's Republican Party"nuff said.

A republiCON.  How surprising.

Conservative values.

Is "L" for looney?

fecesbook...

Maybe he was trying to mimic Social Security.The government takes our money, promising to put it in a lock box, then spends it on themselves.Fuccin republicans, they've sunk as low as the dems!

"Former Republican gubernatorial candidate Craig Berkman was arrested and charged today for $8 million in securities fraud schemes."Most people probably expect the guy to be a Republican. I just wanted to confirm it.

Another Florida Republican #$%$

Berkman sounds like a perfect candidate for Illinois governor. The last 2 went to prison.

This guy was a bagger! Arrest ALL baggers!

Rick Scott committed Medicare/Caid FRAUD and WAS elected as the Governor!!! Floridians need to lay off the oxy and educate themselves!

Classic Republican, You Betcha !

When I was coming up in the mid- to late-1960s on and around the south side of Chicago, the only people who aspired to public sector employment (whether in politics or the civil service) were the ones who were too useless and untrustworthy to make it in organized crime.

Ha HA! This man is a &lt;insert party here&gt; which means that all the members of &lt;insert party here&gt; are criminals and all the members of my party, the &lt;insert party here&gt; are the answer!!!!

What a  Shocker, he is a Republican ,the  family  values party!!! Great Morals  on the right  thereA crooked Republican???? Nah! Say it ain't so. Florida is quickly overtaking New Jersey as the 'Armpit of the Universe". Gotta go now, My 5 million Facebook "friends" have just got to hear about this!

while one guy gets charged. 4 others walk.Facebook executives get judge to toss four IPO-related lawsuits

Craig is part of the Oregon Republican Party

Public Be-headings need to be reinstated.

Facebook is the fraudall you fools sold your souls

More "Republican" Capitalism.  LOL

Just in case anyone missed it, BERKMAN WAS A REPUBLICAN.

Police: Where did you get the idea to take money from current investors and give to previous investors??Berkman: From Social Security!

Message to George W. Bush and #$%$ Cheney From a Dying VeteranTo: George W. Bush and #$%$ CheneyFrom: Tomas YoungI write this letter on the 10th anniversary of the Iraq War on behalf of my fellow Iraq War veterans. I write this letter on behalf of the 4,488 soldiers and Marines who died in Iraq. I write this letter on behalf of the hundreds of thousands of veterans who have been wounded and on behalf of those whose wounds, physical and psychological, have destroyed their lives. I am one of those gravely wounded. I was paralyzed in an insurgent ambush in 2004 in Sadr City. My life is coming to an end. I am living under hospice care.I write this letter on behalf of husbands and wives who have lost spouses, on behalf of children who have lost a parent, on behalf of the fathers and mothers who have lost sons and daughters and on behalf of those who care for the many thousands of my fellow veterans who have brain injuries. I write this letter on behalf of those veterans whose trauma and self-revulsion for what they have witnessed, endured and done in Iraq have led to suicide and on behalf of the active-duty soldiers and Marines who commit, on average, a suicide a day. I write this letter on behalf of the some 1 million Iraqi dead and on behalf of the countless Iraqi wounded. I write this letter on behalf of us all—the human detritus your war has left behind, those who will spend their lives in unending pain and grief.You may evade justice but in our eyes you are each guilty of egregious war crimes, of plunder and, finally, of murder, including the murder of thousands of young Americans—my fellow veterans—whose future you stole.I write this letter, my last letter, to you, Mr. Bush and Mr. Cheney. I write not because I think you grasp the terrible human and moral consequences of your lies, manipulation and thirst for wealth and power. I write this letter because, before my own death, I want to make it clear that I, and hundreds of thousands of my fellow veterans, along with millions of my fellow citizens, along with hundreds of millions more in Iraq and the Middle East, know fully who you are and what you have done. You may evade justice but in our eyes you are each guilty of egregious war crimes, of plunder and, finally, of murder, including the murder of thousands of young Americans—my fellow veterans—whose future you stole.Your positions of authority, your millions of dollars of personal wealth, your public relations consultants, your privilege and your power cannot mask the hollowness of your character. You sent us to fight and die in Iraq after you, Mr. Cheney, dodged the draft in Vietnam, and you, Mr. Bush, went AWOL from your National Guard unit. Your cowardice and selfishness were established decades ago. You were not willing to risk yourselves for our nation but you sent hundreds of thousands of young men and women to be sacrificed in a senseless war with no more thought than it takes to put out the garbage.

If you Google "Oregon gubernatorial primary 1994" and can read, you will find that Berkman was the moderate candidate who lost to a conservative.A corrupt Oregon Republican that bilked investors out of millions? Could Sarah Palin see that from her house?

Please wake up people both Reps and Dems are sucking us dry, neither one is for anyone but themselves.

"Lie, deny and get high" He should have used the Clinton defense.

Google: Nancy Pelosi and the 2008 Visa IPO

Another Republican ripping off average people... Is anyone really surprised???

A Republican you say.

Nobody learned from the crash.  Everybody thinks there is a free lunch.

What!? Another politician defrauding the public. You don't say

wow, so haters hate rich guys stealing from other rich guys too?

Craig Berkman, former Oregon GOP chairman. A-typical of most GOP'ers today! Greedy, doesn't play well with others, seeks to fund his bad behavior from sources other than his own, always betting on a losing position. Surprised he didn't go down, guns a blazing...All politicians and financial advisers do that - don't they?  Sentence him to 2 hours of community service !!Muffy

Lock Him Up For Life, And Feed him Table Scraps Left by the Other Imates.

facebook ipo was always a scam except for insiders whi made billions off the hype. quit using facebook

all you complainers worried about your Facebook now, huh?

He was for a time head of the Repub Party in Oregon. Why would that surprise anyone? An old person couldn't list all the crooks and liars who are Repubs--He'd die first.

To all you bashing this guy because he is a Republican, please don't do that.  This sort of behavior is not limited to one party.  Positions of power attract #$%$ like this one.And, no, I am definitely NOT a Republican.

for the republicans of today this is known as capitalism

Republican Party - `nuff said.(Another Agnew maybe)

Typical republican #$%$.

wow this guy is a "Real Politician". The rest of you take notes...  It does not matter if your Republican or Democrat. Corruption and Deceit run rampant up and down both sides of the isle equally. If you believe other wise you can stick your head back in the sand..Republican.

Imagine someone that wanted to a governor became a #$%$?

ANOTHER CROOKED REPUBLICAN!!!

The article fails to mention that Berkman is a republican. Wonder why....

Obama said that if he hadn't been a Repub, he would have made him head of Treasury.

Let me take a wild guess....since the "Reporter" diddnt mention politicl party, would it be safe to assme it began with a "D"?What a suprise.

Another bagger going to prison.

what another Republican defrauding people? What else is new?

Typical crooked, lying, greedy, vile Teapublican.  I wasn't surprised in the least...

and he would look down his nose at me as I clear his table for him and bring him his food and mow his lawn etc...The Chairman of the Oregon GOP you say. Why should this surprise me.He must have been delusional. He was already caught before, and does the same thing again..scam people out of money. When are the republican bankers gonna be jailed is what I want to know. These banks stole billions, repay millions and the CEO's still collect 6-7 mill a year, with bonuses. Not a day in jail.

This comments section is broken. Please try back later. Thank you.

What's the big deal? He was just practicing for when he was governor.

blue state!!! Called it...

Off to the pokey you go!  Say hello to Blago and Jesse Jr. while you're there.

What is Berkman's religion?

Yep, Republican!

Another Republican job creator, who should have freedom from those pesky laws and regulations.

The only mistake he made was not getting elected to something. ELECTED officials pull this stuff all the time. If they're found out we're first told by other elected officials that they did exactley the right thing. When the public dosen't buy it, the screw up retires with a pension.If you think this is baloney, think about what happened to the Social Security "lock box".

Gee -- a crooked Republican.As if there were any other kind . . .Just your average politician showing their true greedy side. Enjoy spending what's left of your pathetic life behind bars you moron.

For shame! Only the bookrunners on IPO's are allowed to rob buyers blind.

As an Oregonian, I am thinkful that the populace never elected him governor.  I would like to think that we are smarter than that!

Jesse Jackson Jr steals $750,000 from donors and files false income tax forms then blames the rich for not paying their fair shareDemocrats should make a statue of him.

Shocking news!  A politicial wannabee arrested.  Too bad they're not looking at Obama's dealings in Chicago.

Why am I not surprised he is Republican?

Big Republican, of course. The party of greedy fraudsters.

No tea-baggers here...

Charlie Rangel, D-New York!

A republican in Oregon is just a liberal that doesn't wear birkenstocks.Still don't believe me ?? God Damned Nazicons are CRIMINALS what does it take to convince you idiots ?? They have no truth and honesty genes !!

Wow, How quickly you Dems forgot about George Shirakawa Jr, which was convicted of a DOZEN counts of using campaign donations and taxpayer funds to fuel his gambling addiction. The article about him was just on here a few hours ago.And don't forget Jesse Jackson Jr. and his wife, both going to prison for using campaign donations to buy lavish gifts for themselves and for tax evasion.  Can anyone forget ole, Blagoievich???  How about Tom Daschle that didn't pay $140,000 in taxesThis guy was a candidate, not even an elected official like Jackson and Shirakawa.

Typical Republican.

Too bad he didn't get elected. He would've made a great politician

He was GOP. As with many in both parties - he does not represent my views nor idealogy.I hope he loses everything in this mess.

Republican, that figures!

Typical repuke. Look for the easy buck, even if it screws somebody else.

Frickin' greedy Republicans!

Another Good Republican gone bad, must be an epidemic, that is why the GOP is going WHIG.

Greedy Old Party....says it all...I guess he got his "entitlements"....I don't fully understand why the writer attempts to tie the political aspirations of this man to his corrupt behavior. If he was using his political office as a tool to advance this scam, then I could see some basis.

"Craig Berkman (born about 1943) is a longtime venture capitalist and was an influential Republican politician in the U.S. state of Oregon."   I didn't know we still had Republicans in Oregon... he should have been put in the Portland Zoo with a sign saying "don't feed the animals" lmao.

Enjoy your time in prison, idiot!!

just another  LIE ,CHEAT ,AND STEAL REPUBLICAN that the ignorant vote for

... but your honor, I cant do 20 years. Well son do as much as you can.

politician turns to #$%$.  who would know?

He should immediately contact Linsay Lohans lawyer........

what can you say, just another politican........

Do not anybody worry. It's not in a particular political party were the crooks are. In Illinois we have republicans as well as democrats in jail. In politics 90% or more are crooks. Some consolation?

Bob Packwood, Neil Goldschmidt, Maggie Gallagher, Scott Lively; thanks Oregon.Well, this guy is facing days, even a few weeks in prison. Investment fraud carries very light sentences.

What a disgrace these Republicans. Almost as bad as being President pro tempore of the United States Senate being a Klansman-Democrat.

Nancy Pelosi got an illegal insider deal on the 2008 Visa IPO, but she's got more pull than this clown in Oregon so she gets a full pass.

Who would have guessed that a Republician would try to cheat people out of their hard earned money. The only God that they worship is the almighty dollar.

No surprise - greedy GOP.  Glad he doesn't live in my state anymore!

The GOP is once again STELLAR !!!!

Still minor league compared to Jon Corzine!

Another crooked Republican. What a surprise.

Press didnt say if he was a democrats, but the odds are he a democtrat.

There is not one Democrat in office today not engaging in high crimes.  Did we not see Jackson get his due recently?  Isn't ex-New Orleans mayor Nagin about to bite the bullet for his corruption?  These are but two of MANY.  So a Republican has decided to cheat the system like his Democratic counterparts.  He will pay for his crimes of course.  But there are 25 Democrats getting away with these crimes for every 1 Republican even considering doing something stupid like this.  The reason is simple.  The new Democratic Party cares nothing about ethics or morality.  It is only about political expediency and the end justifies the means with them now.  The poor Republicans just can't get ahead because almost all of them are saddled with morality and accountability.  Let's be thankful they are or we would really be in trouble as a nation.  BTW, I am an independent.  I call it the way I see it, the way it is.Typical Republican.

Who cares what his political affiliation is/was? He ran back in 1994.Do you really think he is representative of most republicans? -signed a Democrat

Former head of Oregon's Republican Party running a ponzi scheme and defrauding investors.  What a stretch of the imagination.

yet ANOTHER corrupt Republicant.......what do Republicants have in common with all thieves and miscreants?   They're still breathing !

the court system is way to soft on this type crimes. They should be able to attach all that he and his family owns to go back to the investors. Then long prison sentence in regular prisons. Not the country clubs that they call prisons.

Did Suckerberg make profits too.  Lock his sorry asz up also and shut down FB is what's really needed.  FB makes people STUPID just as religion does.

He needs to go to jail for the rest of his life.....they should find all the monies and pay back the people he stole from....the legal system has to make people like him examples for other doing or think of doing this kind of stuff..they have to be hard on him....if he gets out he will continue to steal monies...he is addicted to money and a certain life style....throw him in jail and lose the key.....let him rot in jail...

A big Republikkkan donor and politician stealing from the people!  What a shock!

typical, always go for the low level criminal, instead of the criminals at the top.

you have to admit,  he was persistent.Ha Ha Ha.....Now a day people do anything for the money..... Specially government people.

"...served for a time as the head of the state's Republican Party..."  Even though they buried this halfway through the article, you knew it was there when you read the headline.All Republicans aren't con artists, but all con artists are Republicans.

Hang the snake by his junk in the sun as an example to the rest of the demons running this once great country. I wonder though how red his wrists will be from the slap you KNOW he will get?  Behaivior like this makes me want to deal with all of them like people handled unwanted puppies and kittens in the old days a brick, a bag and an icy cold deep lake!

Typical republican- steal from the people and give to the rich...this is so common place within the repoconjob party...gov of florida, biggest medicare fraud case ever......gov of penna selling off america to foreign countries......repos in indiana selling off the turnpike to foreign countries, its amazing how these people hate america, but the rightwing sheep keep electing thiefs and hucksters....

Looks like its easy for a sociopath to ascend to the top rank of the Republican Party.  Republicans don't seem to have the ability to spot financial fraud, probably because most of them are already engaged in it.

He is a republican so it will be all over NBC News and wont even be mentioned on Fox.  CNN, ABC, and CBS will barely cover it but Talk radio will site it as liberal bias, even though all these stations covered the Anthony Wiener, um wiener scandal.   The fact is there is media Bias and it is called Fox and NBC the rest of the media is only "biased" when they say a fact you don't like.

Why do the people keep electing criminals and perverts to the offices in government, and Chicago, can there be any other more corrupted city [bar San Fran] in America, which cannot be brought under order and civility?Amendment II - A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the 'right of the people' to keep and bear Arms, shall 'NOT' be infringed.Amendment I - Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances

Just another crappe little politician.

No these guys are usually so honest

A politician and a securities dealer.  What else would one expect?What's the big deal?  The US government has pulled off the largest ponzi scheme ever with our social security benefits.

I very much enjoy reading the libaturd comments on yahoo.... It's probably 5 to 1 dirty dems to repubs, the only real difference is we conservatives want our trash politicians thrown under the jail, libies want to give them a raise, and if they go to jail they get out and get re-elected. At least you people let everyone know just what trash you are LOL.

How many more????

What cracks me up is why these guys don't leave the country with their millions?  Do they somehow think they're never going to get caught?  He was robbing Peter to pay Paul with stolen money and he thought somehow he would get away with it?  He could have lived the rest of his life like a king in any third would country....Oh well, another Teabagger bites the dust eh?

he was never the nominee.can i put on my business card ex presidential nominee i received 27 writein votes in 2012

Maybe he knows his age is old and that he can live a better life in jail since they will provide him in nursing home care soon when he can't walk around around anymore.

My question is why this guy wants to go to jail?

A politician gets busted for stealing people's money, the only real news here is that he didn't get away with it like every other politician in the US.

Can only imagine that Susan and his girls are so glad they got out of there before he showed his true lack of humanity. I knew them well, back when he was running for State Treasurer, what tangled webs we weave. He made his mark early in the Internet explosion, he is a smart guy, who apparently has no morals.

Glad this one got caught! Hopefully more will follow!This seems like the actions of a sociopath or a career criminal.  why is he consistently been only given a slap on the wrist??

Hmmm, fraudulent Republican...

these days, those who think any (&amp; i mean any) politician or office holder is not a #$%$ or his/her election campaign is not bank rolled by #$%$s is very very naive &amp;/or unejucated

cut his hands off

To really make them suffer make them spend 10 years for every million they stole. Thats the only deterent their gonna get to not steal 10 million dollars or 10 billion dollars. Of coarse they will only serve half but its a big step up in hte crime law. Treat em like they stole a car or grand theft.

He sure gets around for a 71 year old.

We didn't like him then and WE WERE RIGHT.  EAT IT Berkman.

Typical Repugnant.... a total FRAUD!!!!

Still would make a better president than Obama!

Stone him to deathI hate to think what he could have done to the people if he had been elected.

Something I have wondered for a number of years: When you are operating a Ponzi scheme, do you say "Ayyyy!" a lot?  What would Mrs. C. think?

A politician running a Ponzi scheme? Unheard of EXCEPT IN WASHINGTON DC.

Hang 'em high! Another arrogant white collar criminal who thinks he's smarter then the rest of us. Cage this #$%$, no bail no bond.

Thank heavens he was never elected.

So who will he defraud in order to raise his bail money?

I see alot of republican bashing. Why dont you state and federal employees get back to work and do what your paid to do, not playing on the internet

All these corrupt politicians think they can walk on water until they get caught. Now he'll get to see what hell really looks like. As for all those others who wanted to get in on the "Get rich(er) quick!" scheme, they all got what they deserved...

There are 24 sociopaths in every 100 people. This is one of them and most likely, his only regret was in getting caught.

Whew, at first I thought Jessie Jackson Jr or former detroit mayor Kwame Kilpatrick were involved but I should have known they were small time and the former Oregon gubernatorial candidate Craig Berkman, 71, was the king of scams.  He falsely told investors he had access to scarce pre-IPO shares of Facebook and other social media companies, "but instead of buying shares for investors as promised, Berkman made "Ponzi-like" payments to earlier investors and funded personal expenses, including costs in a bankruptcy case,"The propensity for fraud is part of Berkman's DNA. A jail sentence will finally put an end to his stealing.

What? Impossible another #$%$ed GOP politician???  Impossible with their higher standard of living....  #$%$ #$%$

The Facebook IPO itself was a huge fraud.  That #$%$ isn't worth anything.  As soon as members have enough of the advertising crammed down their throats, plus the inevitable privacy breaches to come, they will start bailing for the next social media platform which is undoubtedly being built as we speak.

but what about Wall S and the banks that defrauded millions out of billions in 2007-2008? guess he couldnt pay off the right people.

Wow a republican, aren't they the party of purity ?

Bazinga!

A long criminal history and he just kept going. He was even able to buy weapons anytime he wanted.

He's also former Oregon ReThug party state chair.

the big house is waiting

So basically greedy people got bilked. Should I have sympathy for them?I'm sure some how this is Bush's fault.

Politicians/Criminals...Their all the same (Hey sonny what does your daddy do?  A politician...Gee Honest?..Nope, he's like the rest of them)

Not that it matters a whole lot, but I'm an Oregon voter and I don't remember him ever being on the ballot for governor--so maybe he was just a candidate in the Republican primary?

Wow I can;t believe it a corrupt US politician...Haaaa, haaaa, haaaa, oh man, didja notice how I kept a straight face when I said that? They're ALL corrupt right down to their black stone hearts!

Gotta look ut for those Republicans...always trying to get more money by any means.  If they could steal money from your kids lemonaide stamd they would.

GOP investor, same plan as Romney ......

A politician accused of fraud? Really? Say it aint so!

Berkman is the former Chairman of Oregon's Republican Party. This fact did not surprise me even a tiny bit,

mehdont have friendseven if i did, id still have no use for facebookgames on facebook are lame anyway

MAn this is crazy....you know the difference between him and our Presidents (most of them)?  He did it before he had power!!!!A republican say it ain't so.  LOL

Great! Now, when does the 0bozo trial begin????

Where is the story on Kilpatrick  ??? Oh I forgot he is a Democrat.charles

Strange...is generally sex scandals that Republicans fall prey to, Democrats get caught with their hands in someone's pocket [grin]

another #$%$ politico...hang all of them..like they do in iran

GOP again??  Where are the family values?  the moral leadership?  Yeah, right.

a Republican ? Nooooooooooooooo

yep jewry strikes again.

another liberal caught in a scandal, how come yahoo doesn't have the guts to put that in the article.

Great Republican example.  What about the young boys he's had sex with ?it does amaze me tho, that they mentioned his party affiliation. i mean menendez, jackson jr, no dem that gets caught is ever profiled like they do conservative. Yahoo is truly THE pos in reporting.

Unfortunately, these are the types of sociopathic egomaniacs who are attracted to public office as a power trip and a way to get rich without doing any actual useful work, and who fill the halls of congress and state capitals.  But how to get rid of them before they bleed the whole country dry, if they haven't already?

repub...

Using FB to commit a ponzi scheme? Really?

Oregon Republicans are useless. Greg Walden, Oregon's lone GOP congressman, has done absolutely nothing while in Washington other than vote along party lines. He's just as lazy as Gordon Smith was, and not half as personable.

A repugniKKKant stealing!

Social securuty -- now, THERE's a Ponzi scheme!

Must be a dumbocrat, since they mention to name his party affiliation..

What a surprise! A crooked politician! At lease he was a candidate and not the Governor.

A.A.J.: You are proof smart people read and comment too!He is one of the friends with the Oregon Senators who wanted an additional national energy tax on private 8 cylinder engines in automobiles, rolling down these U.S. highways!... So, tax the rich and steal from the working(poor), he is no "Robin Hood!... Obummer and this Administration work on this same parallel!...

Ha... all you Liberals laughing cause this guy was a Republican. WOW, how quick you forget about all the criminals in the Dem. Party.

Wow a Republican, you would think this was a Democrat... or at least a Chicago Democrat

I didn't see his part affilation listed as a  candidate for Gov. so that has to mean he was a Dem. ?

Example of MURDER- FRAUD- CRIME- INJUSTICE NETWORKS: Leslie Gradet, Tamera Jones, William D Roessler; Offices of Treasury, Comptroller, Attorney Gneral: Joel Jacob/Jacobson, Gail Malle-Davis, Sylvia J. Brokos, Mary Hawse, Linda Tanton, Gerald Langbaum, John Barry, Pamela Porter, Leo F. Partridge, Mark Vulcan, Jamis Riley, James Britt, Audrey Thomas, Jeanne Lippy, Jesse Rosenburger, Ralph Lepson; transcribers Margaret Bauer, Senators: Walter Baker, Barbara Hoffman, Thomas Middleton, Trooper: Marty Sealey, Vincent Mass, State Election Board Ross Goldstein; Maryland DOEd Susan Page, Barbara Smith(?), SSA employees and supervisors (especially in Rockville, Md), and Bullivant (?, probably in N. J.; or other states). Lobbysts/ municipal attorneys/lawyers/affiliates, Paul Glasgow, David Venable, Joseph Stoltz, Jr., Barry Gordon, Stephen Perouka, David Steinberg, Wolpoff &amp; Abramson, Richard D. Mirsky, Poppleton, Garrett &amp; Polott, P.C., accountant Hilda K. Matijevic;

Typical republicon.

Ah Republicans demonstrating how there free America could improve the economy! This is a typical Republican slimy ,squirrely, grubby little small minded trolls, these are the douche bags you do not want to elect to office, if you do not have any real skills steal for a living! With Rep[ublitrash image is everything substance is left by the wayside!

Democrats and other peoples money.  It's like crack to them.

How abou Corzion he stole billions and got away with it, Friend of obama

False/ unjust/ frivolous levies, liens, garnishment, guardianship, power of attorneys, foreclosure, tenant-hold-over- eviction, etc. Thousands of cases are pending in the court systems for years or even decades; believed to be filed by “fraud- crime- networks” to victimize people; without due process, proper services, proceedings; cause homelessness, poverty; not because of the problems of homeowners/citizens, but because of unjust judicial/court/legal personnel, court auditor Robert Romero as part of “official misconduct- government gang- fraud- crime- injustice networks”. Judges (unjust, irresponsible, judicially disabled) include Warren Donohue, John Debelius, Durk Thumpson, Ann Harrington, Louise Scrivener, Lawrence De Beard, Eric Johnson, James McKenna; District Judge Gary Everngam, Judge Gary Crawford; court personnel/ sheriff, attorneys, affiliated law firms; Sheriffs Earnest Turner, R. Lewis, K. Naff, etc.Ah Yes! Another GOP crooked politician exposing his true colors....lol...Such is the republican way....Bunch of thieves.....

More of  ‘MURDER-FRAUD- CRIME- INJUSTICE-NETWORKS include: Maryland Department of Health and Mental Hygiene:  Jolie Smith; numerous psychologists, psychiatrists, social workers, etc.: Potomac Ridge Steven Israel, Collin, Gabriel (?); social worker Tracy Lewit; Springfield Hospital Center: forensic services, Kevin Knight, Dr. Valadez (refused to give full name, despite repeated requests); Carla Craville, Francoise Reynolds, Roxanne Heyman, Amy True; Judges James Sasfield, Gary Crawford, Cheryl McCally, etc., prosecutors/government attorneys, e.g., John McCarthy, Nunylny (?), Peter Mitchell (Montgomery County Office of Human Rights); District Court Commission (Rockville, Md) M. Dickerson; Court Personnel T.M. (only initials, no full name available); many judges, clerk of the courts (Jeffrey Ward, Loretta Knight, Bettie Skelton, Molly Rhul, etc.), other court personnel, various counties, states; local – federal; law enforcement, FBI;  police e.g.,  in Rockville, Md. Sgt. Cowell

It's unAmerican to arrest a Republican for trying to make a buck.  Obviously, when good people can be arrested for fraudulent activities, the definition of fraudulent should be defined downward so that rapine can be more economically realized.  There is obviously too much regulation.  Obama did it.

Problems of privatization, irresponsibility, disabilities of government attorneys and judicial/legal/court personnel are very serious, expanding, local- nationwide- global; exporting injustice overseas; Rockville city, Montgomery County, Maryland state; New Jersey Monmouth County, Judge Robert McLeod (private attorney), Judge Patricia Bueno Cleary, Prosecutor (private attorney) Patrick Healy, police David D’Arcy.

MURDER-FRAUD- CRIME- INJUSTICE NETWORKS inc. Montgomery County Council, Md, Nancy Floreen, Roger Berliner, Valerie Ervin; Sonya E. Healy, Esq. Legal counsel/Chief of staff (any relation to Patrick Healy, esq. in New Jersey??), Jackie Steward, council hearing coordinators/substitute; Md General Assembly, Jamie Raskin; U. S. Congress, Senate, legal staff; American U, administrative staff, security guard, students (4801 Massachusetts Ave., NW, DC); Catholic U; US Institute of Peace, conference organizers/ speakers.

Craig Berkman is a bad man and #$%$ just like current people in the Nobama administration in the federal government and many other Dems politicians around the country!

perhaps he will be aJEWdicated!

A criminal nonetheless, had he been a Dumbocrat, we wouldn't have seen this article and most likely no charges would have been filed.

Facebook is also know as mug shot and written confession site.

Cheaters never win.On no, another politician accused of a crime ???? never lol right

Someone asked earlier what party Berkman belonged to.  Not surprisngly, he was the former chair of the Oregon GOP--the party of Greedy Old Men!

How shocking.  Another republican swindler. Romney must be running SWINDLER UNIVERSITY, training he fellow party members how to lie, cheat and steal.  Maybe he will enjoy his stay in the Crow-Bar Hilton!

Had he won his election, we wouldn't have heard any report on this.  Todays media, do not know how to report the news.  They instead write stories, and lean towards whichever party they are supporting.       You want to know the real state of America, start reading news reports from other countries..  It will really scare the #$%$ out of you. However they just tell it like it is.

Only difference between this guy and the White House Politician is this guy "got caught"!

Hey bush padded his retirement with a war and an oil crisis. Can you blame this guy at least he did not cause the death of soldiers

Yet another jew.

Another Republican diversifying his operation.The only difference between this man's investorsand those that bought from their own broker, is thatthe latter only lost 1/2 of their funds.Mitt Romney probably idolizes this chap.

Is the entire political and business class of the country utterly rotten and corrupt????

If he could have only got elected the GOP would have protected him and gave him a bailout like they did Goldman Sach, Bank of America, JP Morgan, Wells Fargo and Citi Bank.Another good Republican.

It is about time they start cleaning up the house. There are few more. Berman is one prime suspect, you might want to check up on.

Another fine honest Republican, LOL

Berkman ran for governor of Oregon in 1994 and is a former chairman of the state Republican Party.

So typical of money grubbing types.

See, these clowns need jail time, not fines.  Get these hoodlums off these streets

The chairman of the republican party in Oregon is a #$%$.  Say it aint so!

One more for the GOP !!

Now arrest Suckerman!!!

what did he do that isn't done everyday in Washington by the congress ???con-man always con-man...put him away for the rest of his life behind bars...

He was always such a liberal Repuke, now I see why, he had no morals.

Berkman, Madoff, same same.

Is anyone surprised .We stood by and let that #$%$ Bush and Cheney take us into a war that Tenet got millions for lying to congress an halliburton made millions. WAKE UP AMERICA Cheney was the former ceo of halliburton.

He be needing a good #$%$ beating!

Who cares what party he is from, everyone is so rapped up about WHAT PARTY IS HE, this is the very thing wrong with our government, just because you act a certain way or do certain things you carry a stereotypical label!! WHO GIVES A FLYING #$%$!

While I will completely agree what this turd did was heinous and unforgiveable, I fail to understand how his polititcs have ANY bearing on the actions and decisions he made. No one cares if he was a 'former gubernatorial candidate' nor does or should anyone care what party, if any, he was part of. Mention of party only displays the propagada wheels are spinning. I'd say the same thing if the turd were a demolemming; BOTH PARTIES are populated by heinous crooks that need jailed -- members and the s***-for-brains morons they elect .

What another crooked repubturd???how can this be???????????

KILL HIM

ahh leave him alone he only stole a few millons.the us gov.steals trillonsIf he were a Democrat he would of got a ribbon.

hello everyone