"Wrong",Pres. Obama needs to concentrate on Putting America, our citizens, our infastructure, our Constitution, etc.. first and formost. Israel and all the other countries of the world can fend for themselves. We need to stop trying to controll everyone..As Benjamin Netanyahoo stated;" Ron Paul is right..We should not have to ask  America for permission to defend ourselves"..

We don't give orders to Israel. It's the opposite!!!

we don't need to charm anybody. we just gotta do what we gotta do and handle business.

Pres. Obama to PM Netanyahoo:  "Cash in hand immediately (billions of foriegn aid repaid, etc..) or we take our interest back to and only for America"..why do we pay them, then die to defend them (or any other nation)....  My old Lobbyist Controlled Party of GOP, PNAC,  "purposely blew it" (for self greed and profit) for years. Please President Obama, don't so the same... Do what you were sworn to do, Protect America, Our citizens, Our Constitution.

Our (USA) support of israel should be contingent on Israel obeying international law.

The only thing I want MY President to say is that "Israel, do what you need to do to protect yourselves, but leave America out of it"...This also should be told to Egypt, Syria, etc.. Until we get our house in order, then we can not and should not, put others first... their battles go on for centuries, they haven't stopped yet, and the only good that comes from America's Interventionalism -Against our Constitution, is for REP/ Dem Lobbyist to profit off of other peoples kids and dead people.

Why would the president of the so called "strongest,most democratic,leading,superpower,etc..etc...yawn..yawn...." have to go and kow tow,charm,listen to,go with,cajole,agree with,dedicate to,blah blah blah..to leaders of a country the size of the lesser states in his own country? unless ..unless....hmmmm..that the really strong,superpower,democratic,leading nation is nothing but a controlled mini hamlet?..i cannot find no effing explanation why all the politicians of the BIG old USA need the blessings and gratitude,ready to blow the whole world up, in favor little Israel.

They have this very very wrong, Israel must charm and kiss our president's behind, if it was not because of the United States of America, there would be no Israel, and that is the fact, mr Aron Heller(Jew man).

Obama: Tell Israel that you don't care if Israel likes you or not as you are the President of the USA!

The headline misses the obvious:  Israel needs the US, and the US does not need Israel.  Mr. Obama need charm no one.  Israel needs to cease its brutal occupation and emancipate the 3 million Christians and Muslims suffering under Israeli apartheid.  Mr. Obama's goal must be to deliver this cold reality to an unreceptive Israeli public.

Why does an American president need to charm voters in ANOTHER country?Why?Will he forge a 7yr peace treaty ??

He is an American President. President does not need to charm, listen to, go with, follow, etc.. anyone, especially a leader from another country... Just because the GOP continued to sell out America for their Lobbyist profits, ie.. 9-11, Iraq and Afghan wars, etc.. All Pres. Obama, the American President, needs to do is to tell All nations, we are through supporting your countries until we get America back on track, if anytime in the future.

why does the president of the United States need to 'charm' anyone who is not american?

Yahoo won't let Americans read the main Israeli propaganda site...every time I list it, Yahoo deletes it

He should diss Bibi by not visiting the holocaust museum

He's trying to cater to the needs of the whole world, and we can't afford it. American citizens should be his first concern. Then, if we have an excess of funds, he can consider "helping" someone else. But, we should come first!

Frack the Israelis, worry about what happens in THIS nation.  It is high time to cut the cord and let the jews stand on their own legs.

If PNAC, Fox News, and their chicken hawk, propaganda pushers want to continue to ignore the constitution and remain Interventionalist, fighting useless wars for their Lobbyist Profiting Agenda, then Hannity, Oreilly, Kristol, Krauthimer, Cheney, Rumsfield, Mittens, Newt, and all the other draft dodging cowards can go and fight themselves..P.S. I know, I think Hannity says he was in the Navy...Good, a Veteran that could lead the other Chicken Hawk, profit off dead soldier Lobbyist into battle.

"Obama needs to charm skeptical Israelis in visit" - Really?  Why?  He's not their president.  Israel has never given the US anything of value.  Instead, they give us a black eye on the world stage.  In return, we give them Billions of dollars and all the weapons they want.  He doesn't need to charm them.  They need to charm us.

"Wrap your lips around this Mr President"I'm sure they're very charmed to have him in their pocket &lt;3

Obama's foreign policy in the interest of the Republic of the United States is a disaster. His foreign policy for Soros's Shadow government is a success.

Haven't they had enough of Obama in last five years? Go figure!

Google: "Israeli Thermonuclear Blackmail of the United States"

TJ, I think you are right.  I would not be surprised to see some violent act against my president in Israel.  The "Free Jonathon Pollard" bunch got so violent that the Secret Service had to pull Laura Bush from the scene and fly her out.  After all, it was the stinking jews that shot dead Rabin.

"Obama needs to charm skeptical Israelis in visit" - and if he does not, what happens?  Will they not accept the Billions of dollars we give them every year?  Will they not accept the unlimited supply of weapons of mass destruction?  I see no downside to his not charming the Israeli's.

KEEP POLLARD LOCKED UP

Israelis follow the real news, 50% of American's watch MSLSD, CNN or read the NYSlimes&amp; get positive spin, little unedited  real news,  and nothing negative, the truth gets buried/ is told in Orwelian Speak!Isrealis totally distrust this man and with GOOD reason...they also get Fox news in Israel and CNN has been kicked out yrs ago, so to speak.Isreali's are very street smart, they live in a bad neighborhood...surrounded by over a dozen Muslime countries who have no real functioning govt or infrastructure because they are dedicated to death, destruction and weapons .

When Israel is gone will you invite a #$%$ish refugee to live with you?

Last time I checked, USA is the one who gives billions of dollars to Israel, which I think it is a wrong thing to do, give money to other nations when, we need it here at home.Israel: Deport to Gaza all rioters and all Palestinians in jail or in  prison.  Soon, you will solve your Palestinian problem.

There is someone here who thinks they are a student of history.  They post all sorts of nonsense.  But when that is pointed out, they quickly delete those posts in an attempt to erase evidence of the magnitude of their ignorance.  Just saying...

And we don't even give Uraguay $16 billion per year in US taxpayer welfare.  And Uraguay doesn't bribe our US congress, lie to us, attack our ships, or spy against us.  I like Uraguay.  I say our president should go there and dump Israel.

America doesn't need any part of Israel and never has.  Especially some Golan Heights gutterham skum giving advice on comments.

why the hell does he have to charm the zionists? what are they giving us? they are the beggars. stop this farce, how many ways can we find to humiliate this country?

Pres. Obama, are you OUR President or Israels (and other nations)?????? Leave the Lobbyist Agenda of Global Policing out of it and stick to Our Constitution Pres. Obama. Take care of America First (like you swore to do) and become the greatest president ever... If not, your no better than all other PNAC, RNC, Fox News War Mongering, WMD, Lobbyist...  History is forever Pres. Obama. Which side do you chose to be on??

What is up with news media, that uses the word charm like they are  dealing with an actor?Good grief  Obama needs to be held accountable for mature action.... not !@#$ CHARM

Getting billions of dollars for decades for free state of the art American weapons is why Israel can't get along with ANY of their neighbors, take away their superior US weapons and they would stop the sneak attacks on their neighbors and start talking instead of bombing every time they feel threatened.What I'd like to know is why all US major Politicians HAVE to make the pilgrimage to Israel and explain what the US is going to do for them. When are they going to start pulling their own weight and stop sucking on the USA teat, after 60 years they should be able to walk on their own two feet.

It would be nice if obama would just stop lying and tell the truth for once.

To hell with israel, why do we have to charm them or do anything for theme, what have they done for us other than U.S. Liberty and spying on us?!!!  Mr. president, take care of business here at home.At least $2.00 of the price of every gallon of gas is directly the result of our support of Israel against the people with Oil.

Charm is for schoolgirls.  Clowning is for clowns.  Obama needs to quit both and get to work for the country.

RICK alone has beaten the bigots.

USA is the most powerful nation the world has ever known, and Israel or AIPAC can not destroy this great nation, no matter how hard they try.

Take Pollard's kosher food away

My American president doesn't have to try to impress any stinking israeli.  It is BBheeb that needs to get down and wash Obama's feet if he expects anything for nothing, as the jews have come to expect.

Obama needs to be extra careful in Israel...Israel will bring out the most gorgeous #$%$ to service the secret service...and if they're getting serviced, they won't be protecting Obama like they should be protecting him

How could any Lobbyist controlled sheep that supports the Dem/ Rep Lobbyist Parties, think that he will put America and our people First, before selling America to other nations... Have you "Seen"  (not heard or lip service) Pres. Obama, Pres. Bush, Pres. Clinton, etc.. ever stand up to these people ( How JPMorgan Chase allegedly tried to hide a $6.2 billion loss from the feds) and tell them to stop stealing from Citizens, stop ruining America, etc..(BESIDES RON PAUL)  or do we hear daily, about the $83 Billion again, paid out annually to the Dem/ Repub Controllers??

Actually, he needs to step off Air Force One, shake hands with Bebe then slap him in the face, tell him to behave. Israel is the problem, the aggressor, the bad guy.

Israel is still there and the howling of the bigots makes them stronger.#$%$ alarms will be going off all over the Middle East as the African Queen tries to fool our allies! Iran and his Muslim Brothers are hoping for more time to get the bomb ready!

Real Americans want more oil, not more war for Israel

"The most powerful explanation is that Israelis think he cares less about Israel and more about other countries,"Obama should care about America first.  Caring about Israel shoud be linked to Israel obeying international law.

The secret service will have their hands full.  Remember, it was an Arab who killed Bobby Kennedy.

Americans have had lots of real allies that have stood with us in all our conflicts in all parts of the planet.  Not once; not a single time has the IDF EVER stood with us anywhere under any conditions.  That includes Jordan, Syria, El Salvador, Honduras, Britain, France, Canada, and et al.  But NEVER have Israeli troops fought with Americans anywhere.  FACT as Pukeju says.

No one likes the juzz.  And its all based on their own behavior.  Their reputation is that of criminals and nothing less.

Obama doesn't need to charm any hebes...when they ask for more money, he should say: "When you vacate ALL THE SETTLEMENTS, MAYBE"

I see that Achmed, Buffalo Gal, etc.. is now here under various other names spouting Pro-Palestinian/ Anti-Israel reteric... Thats cool, but remember, either way, America should not be giving our troops, money, ie... unconstitutional interventionalism to any nation, Period.... So when we actually do get a Real America First President, it is all over for those countries who hate America, but profit American Lobbyist,from feeding off tax payers.....The GOP had their shot and they blew it. Now maybe the Dems can do it.

Israel has caused us more problems than the USSR ever did.

Time to end the sham "alliance" with evil little Israel, time to stop ALL aid and support. Israel was a noble experiment -- it has gone horribly wrong."I don't feel like he's done anything special for Israel," said Oshri Biton, a 40-year-old Jerusalem merchant. "As president, he has to be a friend of Israel's. But he's a friend who pats you on the shoulder. He doesn't give you a hug."Well that just about says it all. What an unbelievable sense of entitlement by this guy.smh.America first!

Obama might be a phony but Netanyahu is an evil man for displacing the Palestinians while stealing land that clearly does not belong to Israel.  There needs to be justice for the Palestinian people and until that occurs president Obama will be seen as a man who lacks the moral courage and strength to stand up to Netanyahu and for truth.

Its only the hard core, right wing, war thumping jews that hate pres Obama.  And that only because he stands up for America and not for them and their stinking criminal state of Israel.

What is this? The United States of Disney? I thought the nation  was electing a President not a prince charming.

Brenda?  An "albatross"?  You are being to kind.  More like a freaking curse to the American people.

Real Americans know Truthsayer is a JIDF paid troll

Obama charm? Why doesn't Obama focus on adhering to Godly principles instead of sociopath serial killer charm to push his wicked plans and schemes.

we just want Israel to be a good example of an ally to the USA and dont want to be called fools, even by our own people, who see the law breaking Israel does (setttlements). Is it so hard to see we just cant be Israel first and must be USA first?

Remember 9-11!

If Pres. Obama manned up stated to all nations, "that we Americans are going to put America and our People first" with emphasis on the Constitution, Other nations, and Global Lobbyist Banking system, Wall street, etc..", the Dems would never lose the Presidency again...Could you imagine where tax Payers $$$ stayed with and for tax payers, actual new roads, actual jobs, actual better more precise military with newer better weapons, no more homeless, hungary, etc..If the official death count at Auschwitz was lowered from 4.5 million to 1.1 million in 1991, how does anyone figure the Jewish estimate of 6 million is still anywhere acurate? Maybe they just lied about it to get payments from European governments and an excuse to create Israel. Sorry if that bothers you kosher supremacists obsessed with your feelings of entitlement. Still think you're princes of the world?

No pea head needs to stay home and get some work done here. That's what he has John Kerry for. Send him over their with a few billion dollars in his checking account and checks will fly.

Pamela Gellar is an Israeli paid propagandist in the USA

The very best thing Obama could do is STAY HOME

Diplomacy, between friends, allies or enemies must always be conducted as hardball and strictly goal driven business designed to produce a desired return on investment for The American People and their prosperity.  Charm and good will, on the other hand, are diplomatic positions of spineless weakness that can not win victories for America.  What America needs from our president and all foreign service representatives is not charm but aggressive, task and goal driven, hard nosed negotiating savvy and skills applied equally to our friends, allies and adversaries world wide when we sit down at the table.  We make our offers, our opponent makes counter offers -- America should never yield its intended goals that justify a negotiation to a friend, ally or enemy or offer compensation for correct behavior since America cannot buy friends or allies, really!  A deal or agreement can then be made and ratified.  Only after this work is satisfactorily completed can high officials like President Obama make state visits to formalize a relationship and mutual agreement.  Although the tools of the diplomatic trade are different; it takes the same profit and return on investment oriented business skills to succeed.  That is diplomatic minds set to specific business like goals, scope, propose, marketing strategies, sales tactics and management of successfully completed state agreements or treaties.  Every moment, of a negotiation must be focused on America's return on investment in the time, blood, treasure and materials for the economic prosperity and security of The American People.  On both sides of a proper negotiation their must be something substantial and quantifiable to gain and equally something to be lost if things do not go well.  Concerning The American Government and Israel all  diplomatic negotiations are completely one sided, incompetently structured and useless to the well being of The American People.  President Obama's  current visit to Israel, is a state visit on his knees offering the charm of his eloquent speech and erudite persona and no relevant diplomatic hardcore substance.  Shame on us, shame on America!

Netanyahu has hinted at launching a pre-emptive military strike on the Islamic Republic. REPLY Israel to do another Pearl Harbor Again? Hiroshima in reply

Israel  will be a much bigger harmful enemy to America than North Korea, Iran, Vietnam, Cuba, Latin America, China and Russia combined. We shall see.

Real Americans say Israel should vacate the ILLEGAL settlements

Israel is one of 200 nations on this earth, they should not be treated any different than any other nation. In fact Israel has caused USA more hardship than any other nation.

Pukeju, so tell me what prevented Israel from fighting with us in Korea, Vietnam, Afghan, Iraq, etc, etc.  NONE.  The IDF are cowards and best used against women and children.Tell the truth , would you like to hear Nutty Yahoo explain his 100 Million $ donation to Romney?

Maddogju, tell me how your Israel has EVER shown themselves to be a friend or ally of the American people.  Tell me please.

Considering the USS Liberty, the Levon Affair, and Jonathon Pollard, Uraguay is a far better ally to the American people than Israel is.  And we don't even need any "allies" in the Mideast.  Never have.

When Bibi asks Obama to free Pollard, Obama should say: "Just because you asked, we're giving him 10 more years"

One thing the far-right and far-left can agree on: Israel is an abomination.

Pres. Obama, prove those stupid birthers wrong and tell Israel to take care of yourselves...Tell them " I am an American, I am an American Citizen, I am the American President  who swore to defend and protect AMERICA, not all other countries at the expense of My fellow American brothers and sisters".  If that happened,  the Democrats would never lose another election... Hear  that Fox News/ PNAC/ RNC Lobbyist?? You had that guy for 30 years and you refused to put America First..

America doesnt need israel at all, bye bye and pay back all the money you scammed for over 65years

I never used to listen to Dr. David Duke, or Brother Nathanael, because I was brainwashed that they are antisemitic. Baloney! Now, I can't get enough of their videos and essays about Jews and how the Jews have ruined America!

" Obama needs to charm skeptical Israelis in visit." Why? Are the Israelis American taxpaying citizens? As a matter of fact, all the Israelis are, is a drain to the American taxpayers. Since the United States taxpayers are the ones footing the bill for their security and other financial aid they receive.

"I don't feel like he's done anything special for Israel," said Oshri Biton. That's funny, I still can't figure out what Israel has ever done for the U.S., special or not. Meanwhile, the US taxpayers shell out billions every year to Israel, just so they can turn that money over to US defense contractors. Can anyone seriously give me anything that Israel has ever done for the U.S.; being "the only" democracy in the region doesn't count. That doesn't imporve the life of the average American, like the Iron Dome does for the average Israeli.Truthsayer, auntie esther says eat your chicken soup, and your chopped liver or we won't let you bob your head on the wailing wall

Truthsayer is "Jaime" under his Saturday posting name.... he uses Jaime the rest of the week

We should care about Israel as much as we care about International law.

Obama don't need to charm anybody!...Enough of Israeli flag in American rear!... They should take care of themselves, and we should mind our own business!!!

Even the Iran sanctions need to be looked at legaly, and will not stand, as speculations, assuming and murder of civilian scientists which were assasinated, not to mention cyber warfare and the UN going to Israel with sensitive information directly after inspections by the IAEA.

Everything needs to be looked at lawfully and Israel is not going to be able to stand up.Even if they have a stiff neck now.UN Charter Article 73,b.Fourth Geneva Convention Agreement Article 49Both will kill the ideas of Israel being what it is, in the Israel Firsters and Zionists minds only.

Pukju, and tell me how many nations in the world have their embassy in Jerusalem?   LOL.   Now tell me where Israel's captital is.  To claim that Israel is our "ally" is just a stinking jew twisting the truth another nine different ways.  You "people" have no morals at all.  THAT is why no one likes you "people" or whatever you stinking juzz are.  Its pathetic.

Pukeju, tell me what "treaty" did we have that required Syrian and Jordanian troops to fight with us in Gulf War I?  None.  Bush sr built an alliance and they joined us.  Where was Israel then?  Where is the IDF now?  NEVER has Israel EVER fought alongside the US.  They have, however, attacked us repeatedly, spied against us, stolen our tech, and illegally sold US tech and equipment in violation of agreements.  FACT.

My president doesn't have to do a damn thing for Israel.  Israel needs to "charm" the American people if they want continued US taxpayer welfare.  So far, Israel and their jewish agents have done a poor job of doing anything charming.

Skeptical..? Boy, that's an understatement. Leave the mic open, Benny, he falls for it every time...Real Americans know the congress of the USA is filled with Israel-firsters

"As president, he has to be a friend of Israel's"... Not true. He is President of the USA. He need not be friends with any tiny, vicious micro-country. Do they have oil? No. Do they have nuclear weapons? Yes.  Do they support human rights? No. Do they comply with multiple UN resolutions? No. Do they build apartheid walls? Yes. Do they have unequal laws for hebrews and Christian and Islamic Palestinians. Yes. Do their armed colonists attack unarmed civilians? Yes.

Real Americans buy Palestinian olives and olive oil

Real Americans want Israel to explain why the continuously violate UN resolutions

How far will USA go to support Israel???

Why does the POTUS need to charm Isrealis? They should be the ones charming the President if they wish for the continual support militarily and financially.

Some people don't know their nASSer from a hole in the ground.

Please explain why Obama needs to do anythign to Please the Zionists? They represent a fairly large welfare check and lots of war and strife.

Israel is our "best" ally?  LOL.   Where were the Israeli troops when America and our real allies were fighting in Korea?  Vietnam?  Panama?  Grenada?  Iraq?  Afghan?  Where was the vaunted IDF then?  Killing women and children in the illegally occupied territories and spying against us.

Jeffery, my president has no need to do anything to improve relations with you "people" or your president BBheeb.   And I don't care how stupid you juzz are.  America comes first.  If you lvoe your Israel so much then you need to live there and leave my country out of your age old arab/jew conflicts.  Now get back behind the Green line and stay in your jew hole.Real Americans know congress violates the symington amendment to the US constitution, every single day

Real Americans know Israel assassinates civilians

Real Americans know the Israelis counterfeit other countries passports, for use by Israeli spies

Maybe the president can also explain why Ex CIA agents and people in the financial sector are building bunkers underneath their houses in the United States ?

We cant stand with Israel against the world.  We can stand with Israel inside international law.  Israel needs borders we can stand with. Those as voted by the un are the 67 lines.  Land swaps on those lines helps keep us from being alone in our support of Israel.   It also will help us dealing with Iran.  Israel's conflict with Iran is based on Israeli illegal settlements.  Solve that and it debases reason for israeli conflict with Iran.  Iran has had nuclear capability over 50 years.  We helped Iran build a nuclear reactor and supplied them with weapon grade uranium to power it.  Iran has a history of peaceful nuclear work.  Iran has no program to build a nuclear weapon.  inspections and turning enriched into reactor fuel should solve security issues. That puts us in a better position to deal with Syria.  If we can work with Iran and get Israel to settle with Palestine we have a shot at peace.Check iran medical isotopes or Iran  atoms for peace.

Puck Israel, and warmonger netanyahu.

Lest we forget, the Khazar Judaists slaughtered 40 million Christians in Russia and Eastern Europe, 7 million Africans, and untold numbers of Indians in South America. The Khazar Jewish "God" has also given them permission to slaughter the Muslims in the Middle East.  Now they want to attack Iran.

Our President  Obama can  Charm Netan*yahoo by  askinkg please can you return my USA citizens 1.3 Trillions they were robbed from you since 1948?  Charm ??? hehe !

Obama not getting along with Netanyahu seems like a overall positive gain for good in the world. It's nice to see these two fight.

Just give them a few billion more it's always worked for republican presidents.Our President does NOT need to charm no body!!!!!!!!!

With the treatment the overlord has given no wonder why they have a problem with him

Veteran Ron Paul saw more time in the service than all the other Chicken Hawk detractors at Fox News, who demeaned him and his supporters (majority of military for one) for decades, for sticking up for our fellow brothers/ sisters in the military.. Yet those same Chicken Hawks continue to push for wars, against our Constitution, so they and their PNAC/ Fox News Lobbyist Agendas can continue to be profitable.

Jaime is Yahoo's Top Contributer? For this trash? A total joke!

unfortunately they use 10% of the cash aid the US provides to buy congress through AIPAC...congress is owned by israel and obama is the last line of defense.

Its Israel who depends on the US for its existence, Obama won re election, don't think he needs anything from Jerusalem.

Israel is an albatross around America's neck.

Maddogju, tell me how you claim that Qatar "owns" the AP?   A tiny detail you ran from last night and are not able to substantiate this morning.  Give details, dumju.

Real Americans say Obama should stay home

I support RC, ST and Rick 100%TheMadDog  •  26 mins ago Report AbuseRick....nobody lives on the Golan Heights. You are a history major ....you should know these things. Maybe you could call your friend, President Assad, and he could confirm this fact.Maddongju, your own profile has you as living on the Golan Heights.  Besides that, there are some 29 or so illegal jewish settlements on the Golan Heights.  Five or six are communist "kibutz's".  You know, you "people" invented the communes and communism.  So dispute them facts, juboy.

Maddogju, so which non existant illegal settlement on the Golan do you live in, juboy?

Maddogju, so if no one lives on the Golan Heights, then who lives in those 20 plus illegal jewish settlements there, juboy?  Not including your self?  And is it five or six communes you jews have in Golan?

Triple Obama's secret service detail... the hebes will bring out their best prostitutes for the secret service

Pres Obama has no need to cater to any stinking juzz and their criminal state.  I just hope he spits in the face of the head heeb.

RABB1, TheMaddogju tells me that the AP is "owned" by the gov of Qatar.  He just won't reveal how he arrives at that conclusion.

"I don't feel like he's done anything special for Israel," said Oshri Biton, a 40-year-old Jerusalem merchant. "What a sense of entitlement !

Israel, I mean JIZRAEL is just a welfare state sucking Billions of $$ out of the American economy, Jizrael would not even exist without American aid, just wait til the next American Revolution, there are far more Americans then Jews in America, so the Jews better tread lightly, there day of reckoning is coming... Watch out Natziyahu...

Zuck up to them Jews, Obama! John McCain will zuck a donkey's rod for Israel. Can you top that?

Real Americans don't pay any attention to jewish holidaysObama is the President of the United States, not Israel.  Israel should be kissing our rear ends, not the other way around.

I hope they run his _______ outa the country, and take his turd "Defense Secretary" and slap in the face "Secretary of State" with him!

Real Americans know that Israel murdered Americans on the USS Liberty

Real Americans want the hebes behind the green line

Why don't you stay here and connect with Americans, Mr. Obama?

Obama  and the usa don`t need to charm israel, they need to charm the usa  for protecting  them  from  harm all these  years. The usa doe`s not owe anything to israel, they, israel should quit demanding  and start appreciating what we have done for them !

Trust BOBO?...he recently GIFTED the Egyptian MuslimBrotherhood Terror Group running the country now ( with BOBOs full support) a squadron of F16s and 200 Advanced Armored Battle Tanks, begs China for loans so we go deeper and deeper and deeper in dangeropus debtTrust BOBO???then shortly after, while saying he cant afford to run the $18,000 WH Tour Program for schoolchildren. he finds another $ 250 Million for the MuslimBrotherhood govt of Egypt in "aid"...more borrowing from China????Trust BOBO??Then he exerts enormous pressure on Israel not to attack Iran'ns nuke facilities as he plays the Islamic Republic of Iran's,  "Willing Dupe" as he tries to tell American's and Isrealis that  any day now Iran will shut their 27 nuclear sites and give up their quest for nukes while they are now so close, they can taste it!Trust BOBO??/NOT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!They are not impressed with Golden Mouth!They watch what he does, not what he says!

i can't believe they show are presiden look like yeaser arafat, after what america done for israel . yeaser arafat to me is dam evill cause lots suffring to lebanon

QUESTION OF THE DAY: Who is are bigger Islamophobes, the Sunnis or the Shi'a?  (This tests knowledge as well as reading comprehension.)

If Obama goes in there actingand looking like he does here (hip hop rap star and friends to all criminal illegals) they will run him out of there.What he needs to do is stay home and just butt out.

Real Americans don't want tax dollars propping up the apartheid state

Israel needs to charm Obama, FOR MORE MONEY

Has a comment jew brought up 9-11 yet?  LOL.   The usual jewish BS.  What happens next is the usual jewish effort at empathy by reciting a few incidents of stinking jews getting killed by Palests.  References to suicide bombers on buses and kids being trained to wear suicide vests.  You know, the usual jew stuff.

Israel is a socialist state, with a draft.  Communist Israel.

rant on bigots because thats all you can do. at the end of the day Israel is still there and nothing you do or say will change that. enjoy!

The only "people" that say anything nice about the stinking jews are other stinking jews.  All part of the jewish plot to make themselves look good.  Keep trying, 'cuz it ain't working.  Get that Jeff ju?

Charming is nice but it doesn't trump LEADERSHIP.

Lies, distortions, omissions of facts, propaganda, all are the tools of the stinking jews.  That is why no one likes juzz.  Not one nation; not one peoples.  Juzz are THE most hated "people" in history.  And it is always their own behavior that brings on the krap against them.  Juzz are the new mafia, Israel is the new Sicily.  And the whole world knows it no matter how much they twist the truth or try to bend reality.  Jewish behavior has always been the problem.

Regarding the recognition of Israel as a Jewish state; Abbas is adamant that the PA would not contemplate any compromises; he told Al Kuds newspaper that ''we will never accept Israel as a Jewish state, you cant expect us to accept that'', when he was interviewed by Al Ayyam he said ''If they demand concessions on the Right of Refugees or the 67 borders I will quit.Abbas also failed to condemn the  Murders of four Israeli civilians, one of whom was a pregnant woman, he only noted that the timing of the killings ''Contradicts Palestinian interests''.When will the Israelis realise that they need us MORE than we need them?

Obama is going to Israel. Quick!! Everybody, check you wallets, purses and bank accounts!!! Let's see how much of OUR hard earned money our government is going to rob from use to give them...AGAIN !!!!

President Obama needs to watch out for those shifty Israellis so they don't put a knife in his back!

Can anyone explain why any leader of the United States, Democrat or Republican, should ever need the approval of the citizens of a foreign country?

In fact Israel has caused USA more hardship than any other nation.______________$7 Trillion hardship.Probably the largest single line item in our deficit that could be combined listed as:"Costs to the American taxpayer due to 'Israel'".-S/T

New generations have the ability to get past hate.  Obama is right to look forward.  At the end  of the day we all want the same things, to feel secure, have the life we earn.  Laws and treaties help make that a reality.  Enforcing the law should hold priority over empowering those who would break agreements.  Things like the Geneva Convention that we (USA) and Israel signed.  Stuff like the world court and united nations should have the power to help us all work toward the common good.  War after war cost trillions of dollars and thousands of lives.

The jews and the pro Israeli skum are just too easy.  There is no logic or reason to their arguments and they know it.  All they have are the age old jewish tools of lies, distortions, omissions of facts, threats, insults and personal attacks, and propaganda.  Without their tools they are completely helpless.  And they know that too.

Israel is a nation without any allies other than what they can buy from my congress. Tho there have been many efforts on the part of Israel to get into NATO that request has been rejected by NATO membership every time.

Obama needs to Bring a big check for their enhanced welfare payment.

he doesnt need to do anything.  israeli's need to lick his balls.  they'd be defenseless without us.I can't wait till the media move on from their newest catch-word “charm”.

God is the one who gave Israelis the Land, it belongs to them and i can promiss you God will make sure its not taken, no one can do battle with God.

Israel needs to learn to make friends. They're all wack jobs there that think Israel can never do wrong.

less than 1% of the Worlds population with fewer people than half the population of the City of Tehran and we need to Charm these people ? Why ? So they don't write nasty notes on the backs of the welfare checks we give them?

Real Americans know that Israeli commandos murdered an unarmed American on the Mavi Marmara

Real Americans know the congress supports Israel first...and Americans second

Real Americans want aid to Israel REDUCED

He should have his makeup guy give him a huge nose, bushy eyebrows and a facial wart. Pay back for the blackface the Israelis though was so funny.

Real Americans try not to pay the kosher food tax

Real Americans support the BDS movement"Jaime" is such a dope, he can't read that its "reality check" not "reality chick".....and Jaime services the haredim....

Maddogju, you are typical of the Israeli/jewish agents that shoot their mouths off here in comments in support of your Israel.  You don't even live here in my country.  You live in the Golan Heights and are THE problem.  All of you stinking juzz are nothing but a problem for all of us real people in the world that have to deal with the problems created by skum like you.

President Obama should charm Iranian Leader too , it can go long ways , peace on earth please .

I'm not going to read any of the posts here, only post this from the article:"Under the Obama administration, Israel has enjoyed its greatest security cooperation ever. The president and his team have been lauded by Israeli defense officials, particularly for backing the "Iron Dome" anti-missile defense system that recently shot down hundreds of rockets during a round of fighting against Hamas militants in the Gaza Strip. But the goodwill hasn't filtered down to the public."

Remember during Obama's first term he sent Biden to Israel to get peace talks started. During Biden's visit Israel announced new illegal settlements.  Israeli settlements inside Palestine is against the Geneva convention that Israel and America signed.Israel settlements are illegal and our government tells we are against them but our vote's in the un support them.  We should make policy based on international law.

hey black feller, just tell the thieving maggots you and the usa aint supporting them no more.

Has it occurred to anyone, the people of Iran, might consider the nuclear armed Israel a threat to their existence. Especially since Bibi threatens them every single day, now for months and months.

Blues, after one adds up all the assorted US taxpayer welfare to Israel in grants, cash, and "assistance" it amounts to more than $16 billion per year.  $35k per every man, woman, and child in Israel every year and growing.  Just think what that would do for our US highway system, electrical grid, railroad right of ways, rivers, bridges, ports, air fields, farmers, coast lines, etc, etc.   Its criminal.

The Israeli gov subsidizes lots of Israeli industry and research.  Nothing wrong with Americans doing the same.  But the last thing we need to do is involve ourselves with some little pissant country on the other side of the planet that has nothing; NOTHING to do with US security or culture.  Israel is a parasite state that is detrimental to American interests.  Our interests do NOT involve Israel.   So Eff them hard.

Some people like to say "juboy" like it's an insult.Shows you how much they know."We still find the greedy hand of government thrusting itself into every corner and crevice of industry, and grasping at the spoil of the multitude. Invention is continually exercised to furnish new pretenses for revenue and taxation. It watches prosperity as its prey and permits none to escape without a tribute."-- Thomas Paine

Hamas represents the Freedom Fighters.  Israel the blood suckers.

Real Americans know these Israeli stories are mostly Israeli propaganda

Real Americans know that Israel sterilizes Ethiopean women, but want Obama to sit down for dinner with a black Ethiopean jew woman,,,that way they can claim they don't discriminate...OY!

Real Americans know the Israelis discriminate against non-jews

Real Americans want the separation wall torn down

Real Americans don't want Israel to be the only nuclear armed power in the middle east

Real Americans want to see Israel's nukes dismantled

Real Americans say Israel is the ethnic cleansin' apartheid state

Real Americans support the PalestiniansOur President's a charmer, I hope his words are true to continued support of our ally and opposition to Islamic encroachment.

Th ePalestinian  glorification of the 'heroic martyrs' of murdered Israeli civilians has to end, as does the naming of squares, streets and schools after killers who have indiscriminately and brutally targeted innocents, a square was recently named after Mugrabi who massacred 37 Israeli's on a bus, and Abbas also attended a ceremony that honored Al Hindi, who was one of the leaders that organized the murder of Israeli athletes at the 72 Olympics.What kind of 'peace' can the PA offer anyway? it has zero control over the SW border with the Hamas controlled Gaza strip and no control over the northern border with Hezbollah controlled Lebanon.

Real Americans know Pamela Gellar is a #$%$

Why should WE have to charm them after paying them billions in aid every year!!?  It seems to me that they have to charm US for the aid and support we give them - they never do!

If one wants to read uneducated, ignorant, hateful and prejudicial posting, all Yahoo must do is print an article about Israel.  And this is called a human race?  You should all go and live in Egypt or Libya and see how much you are being loved and respected.  You all did not read your history about what Salladin did to the Christians.  Go study some.

The Blue gummer has no charm

Why are we supporting Israel? I used to like them till I seen how they treat people that are not Jewish and realized how they are always in our foreign affairs.My friend showed me after all the M.E. wars and aid to Israel they have cost us trillions.We Cant Afford to Have a Friend like Israel!

F-ISRAEL AND HER ZIONAZIS

HOW ABOUT ISRAEL CHARM THEIR BENEFACTOR FOR ONCE.

"Obama needs to charm skeptical Israelis in visit."   Why?  Shouldn't it be the other way around?  Without the financial support and military backing of the uSA, israel would disappear in a matter of weeks, if not days.Obama's not fooling them.  They've got his number.

Just another stinking jew named ARON HELLERBERG telling America that Obama needs to kiss up to the stinking Israeli jews.  Makes about as much sense as supporting them with US taxpayer welfare that has no end.  And from what a few of "them" said, they claim that we owe them even more.

My only advice to the Jews...."If it looks like a shower, but the floor is dry, get out"Other than that....you're on your own...leave the USA out of it....

How about instead Obama threatens to cut Israel's $3+ billion in welfare we give them to bomb Gaza with, then let them try to charm him. Israel owns us *sigh*

I'm an American, I'm not Jewish, WWII was a long time ago ... but it's painful to see the anti-semitic comments of that era continue today.

Tough sell for the Israeli public, who are governed by hard right wingers that encourage expansion,annexation, and apartheid.

Why are the RePigs so supportive of Israel????Besides the donations of money....

Obama needs to charm skeptical Israelis in visit.Netanyahu won't allow that to happen , he knows how to get under Obama's skin .

He has NO CREDIBILITY...they see he has great difficulty with the TRUTH!They may even see it as Compulsive, Pathological and Diabolocal!They are used to dealing with Lying Muslime Leaders, lots of experince!!!Israelis are street smart and KNOW what is going on everyday, their life depends on it!

Israel loves Gaza.  All exports going to Gaza are duty free.  Imports coming into Israel from Gaza generate tarrifs.  Lots of profit on electricity, water, etc.I take credit for running off another stinking ju named "TheMaddog" with facts that defeated his stinking jewish lies.  Yes.  The truth is what jews fear.   TheMaddog has proven my point.  Jews are so easy.  LOL.

Hey Prez, forget about Israel before you end up getting thousands more of our beautiful kids killed in overseas wars and bankrupt our nation more for others that in all reality couldn't give a #$%$ about us.

Comment juzz are so easy.  It is pathetic.  Lies, distortions, omissions of facts, distractions, propaganda, all the tools of the jew.  As old as the ages.  Without their "tools" they are helpless.

Is Whoopi Goldberg really a Hebrew? I think not...

@ Shekel trader! The Jews could slap your face with their weenies. if they desire! Hee ha ha ha!

Israel will be a much bigger harmful enemy to America than North Korea, Iran, Vietnam, Cuba, Latin America, China and Russia combined. We shall see.

Bring out the muslim trolls....Jawad, Abe, Maria, Tigress, back to work!!!

Maddogju, and your degree is in what?  "International studies"?  Like Pukeju?  LOL.

Real Americans read mondoweiss dot net

Real Americans know Israel stole their weapons grade material from the USAReal Americans say jews only roads are racist

ZIO Trolls gettting beat down on two articles ha ha (:

Obama is not a charmer... he is a fraud.

: "Obama needs to charm skeptical Israelis in visit"If this headline isn't proof that the Jews control America, I don't know what is.

So, a president who was elected with a more solid majority and the leader of the same country who protects Israel in anything remotely Geopolitical has to explain to ISRAEL why HE should be trusted?

I wish more Men would fight for America and our best interest instead of letting our Nation be Plundered and taken advantage of by other nations.Thanks Rick for being so strong and telling the truth about Israel even though the truth is often shunned after so many lies on the media and in School.

Israelis want a country that resembles the USA. Palestinians want Somalia.These are no reconcilable aims.

“Palestine belongs to the Arabs in the same sense that England belongs to the English or France to the French. It is wrong and inhuman to impose the Jews on the Arabs... Surely it would be a crime against humanity to reduce the proud Arabs so that Palestine can be restored to the Jews partly or wholly as their national home”― Mahatma Gandhi

POP QUIZ:  Who is the bigger Islamophobe, the Sunni or the Shi'a?(This tests knowledge as well as reading comprehension.)

Good Luck with the Charm; the Israelis are more into reality.Who cares what Israelis think? what are they going to do, refuse to cash the welfare checks we give them?

Ben Netanyahoo, all those people there in Israel need to fight their own war and leave America out of it.  We don't need Israel nor their people support, not even GOD claim these people as his people so why are we???? you can find GOD calling these people the people of SATAN.  Why are we dealing with the DEVILS in Israel, they want war and our people will be the ones sent to fight all for Israel.  I want all my tax dollars that these presidents set to the devils to fight and kill the innocent people over there in other countries.   The real people of that land know who they are according to the Bible and they want their land back.   The phony jews here will not have a chance here in the USA because the real people of GOD will be in their face every day.

Doc Hakeem, so you are really a proctologist?  Is that something you aspired to do as a kid?  Or did you flunk out of chiropractor school?

a few Israel FirstersI see

I hope he tells the Israelis - Build Baby Build!

Israel is well aware Obama is a Muslim, and a Muslim lover...

@ Shekel trader! Imagine crawling inside of your obese boy friends rectum,and licking his intestines! YUK!

"Reality Chick," "Abe," and "Robert Camacho," are also the good dogs of the Jews!

@ Roger! Obuma only charms idiot liberals! Jews are way smarter than obuma!

@ Abe and Reality Chick!  When Jews tell you to bend over,BEND OVER!"...parasitic ingrates" is right.  In fact, it is too kind.  Skum bucket Israel is a criminal state filled with criminals.

what's he going to do, set an arab on fire?  obama's going through the classic do nothing as long as possible and maybe nothing bad will happen.

TheMaddogju, for a jew that lives illegally on the Golan Heights, you sure don't put America first, do ya juboy?  See how easy you jews are?  Hypocrites all of you.  Pathetic.

Maddog you seem very biased and ignorant something I have noticed about the Israel first people they respect no one unless it is all about them.

The Jews are laughing at all the dumb goyim. The laughed at the Germans too! We saw where that got them!!

Maddogju, you need to go back to your local highschool and work on your GED.  I promise things will start looking up for you once you get educated.   LOL.  what a ju joke you are.

MaddogJu, so where do you get that the AP is owned by Qatar?  LOL.  Is that what your mossad handlers tell you to say, juboy?  LOL.  Nothing could be further from the truth.  But of course, you stinking juz are not known to tell the truth about anything, juboy.  LOL.  Qatar "owns" the AP???  REALLY?   LOL.  Stinking quikeboy.

TheMadju, more BS.  The AP is NOT owned by Qatar.  And a jew fem runs the board as chairman.  Other stinking jews sit on the board.  Just where do you get that the gov of Qatar "owns" the AP, juboy?  You in dreamland?

Memo to Bennie:Remember what happened when Eve trusted a "talking snake".

How about instead of "charm" just tell the truth straight up - the charm is what got us into him getting elected -I've has Palestinian olives.  They are just OK.  Italian, Greek and Spanish olives are far superior.

They think Obama is "naive and soft"??      No... he's deceitful and treacherous.Israel is about to be visited by an anti-semitic muslim that is more dangerous to the free world than Iran, hamas and hizbollah combined.

ya! obummer is a real charmer to his adversaries!, i dont care if obama charms isreal i just hope isreal doest decide to thro missiles at us! they are much more sophisticated than the north koreans and the iranians missiles.

he needs to pass on

Why do we send several billion dollars every year to Israel?  What do we get out of it?  I can think of better ways to spend a couple billion dollars in our own country.

Why do these people attack Rick for telling the truth and Being America First?Rick this is upsetting me I am sorry these people treat you this way:(

Dear Mr. President,I really like our friends in Israel, I do not like Islami terrorists,please keep this in mind when you talk to Mr. Bibi : )

I find it interesting that "Reality Check" stopped posting just as "Shekel_Trader" showed up. Could they be one and the same???? Just wondering!

If this snake oil selling, 3 faced, lying dirtbag can "charm" you, you need to dust yourself off and jump back on the turnip truck, rube.

Only an idiot would buy the krap ,obama is selling."Obama needs to charm skeptical Israelis in visit"Could Obama please put some effort into charming skeptical Americans...?I have a hard time trusting him.

It might be the other way around.

I am positive Obama can BS Israelis, as good as he can Americans !!!

So...we give them everything....and we have to charm them too...

Why do I get the feeling Obama's visit will not only be a waste of time but probably make relations WORSE ?

"Israelis are getting madder'cause the situation is getting sadderNo one seem to like Israel‘Cause its people are so vileits leaders are even worseAlways planning the destruction of innocents"

The comment jews make it obviously clear where their loyalties lie.  And their loyalties are NOT with America but with their beloved Israel.  That is quite apparent.

Pukeju, so what part of Israel did you say you do not live in, juboy?

Hitler blamed the Jews,and ended up with half his head gone!  Maybe the rest of you should follow suit!

palestinians are the good dogs of the Jews“Israelis are getting desperate 'cause USA is awakeningNow has come the time for reckoningTheir downfall is nearThey have a lot to fearThey will get nastier just you wait‘cause true believers never quit”

@ Shekel trade! Jews are successful,and you're not! Ha ha ho ho hee!

@ Shekel trader! Get your thumb out of your fat,arab boy friends butt,and back into your mouth!  DISGUSTING!

@ Shekel trader! Your breath smells like arab cum! Ho ha ha ha!

Israel is not dumb enough to believe what obama tells them. They are not near as gullible as Americans are.

Charm or con

Why does President obama have to "charm" Israelis? A wake-up call for Americans...*IRAN SANCTIONS ACT of 1996 Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish)*H.R. 938, The United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act: Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish)*S.Res. 185, Sponsor: Sen. Ben Cardin (Jewish) states that if the Palestinian Authority goes ahead with its plan to seek unilateral recognition as a state, the US would suspend its financial aid.*H.Res. 268, Sponsor: House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (Jewish) The resolution called upon the administration to announce that it would “veto any resolution on Palestinian statehood that comes before the United Nations Security Council.*H.Res. 4133, Sponsor: Eric Cantor (Jewish) United States-Israel Enhanced Security Cooperation Act of 2012*H.RES.568, Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish) preventing the Government of Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability.*H.R. 2194, Sponsor: Howard Berman (Jewish) Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010*H.R. 1905, Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish) Howard Berman (Jewish) will place virtually all of Iran’s energy, financial, and transportation sectors under U.S. sanction. Companies conducting business with Iran in these sectors face losing access to U.S. markets; impose sanctions designed to prevent Iran from repatriating any proceeds from its oil sales, thus depriving Iran of 80 percent of its hard currency earnings and half of the funds to support its national budget; impose tough new sanctions on the National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC), the National Iranian Tanker Company (NITC) and Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC); target Iran’s use of barter transactions to bypass sanctions, the provision of insurance to Iran’s energy sector, and the provision of specialized financial messaging services to the Central Bank of Iran.*James N. Miller(Jewish) Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Policy*Mara Rudman (Jewish) Foreign Policy Advisor*Eric Lynn (Jewish) Middle East Policy Advisor*Lee Feinstein (Jewish) Foreign Policy Advisor*Diane Feinstein (Jewish) Chairwoman Senate Select Committee on Intelligence*Michael Chertoff (Jewish) former Homeland Security chief*Daniel Benjamin (Jewish) head of the State Department’s Bureau of Counter-Terrorism*Stuart Levey (Jewish) Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence*David Cohen (Jewish) Secretary of the Treasury for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence*Steve Simon (Jewish) National Security Council Middle East Desk*Dan Shapiro (Jewish) former Head of Middle East Desk at the National Security Council now ambassador to Israel*Dennis Ross (Jewish) Special Advisor for the Gulf (Iran) and Southwest Asia to the Secretary of State*Robert Einhorn (Jewish) Special Advisor for Non-Proliferation and Arms Control*Colin Kahl(Jewish) Former Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for the Middle East (Current National Security Advisor)

Israel will not have peace in Middle East because peace to the Zionists translates to land retraction, contrary to the quark of the Zionists goal in Palestine. Israel was built on the principle of land theft. If you carefully study their history from the Muslim point of view, they have never bonded to contracts. Oslo was abandoned by Sharon who is now a body without life similar to the Pharos of Egypt who followed Moses and drowned in the Red Sea. According to the Koran, his body was preserved to be the living example of satanic ruler. Peace to the Zionists is lose of land. Similar to Jesus whom they delivered to the Roman because he tried to deter them away from materialism, Isaac Rabin tried to relinquish land for the Palestinians and ended up drowned in the sea of Zionism. There has been many years since Oslo agreement and there will be many more and yet the Zionists will still falsely crying security pretext to deceive the world. Israel will not consume the Palestinians into Israel society as citizen or give them the 1967 border for a state. That who believe one day the Zionist will have peace in Middle East is an illusionist. Moreover, the Arab rulers have embarked on the road map, land for peace without looking back at the Zionists history to predict future peaceful breakthrough. They have created a fantasy, the possibility of conditioning Israel next generation toward peace. They have forgotten that the Zionists are not searching for security. They are after land, real state. Furthermore, never trust a Zionist. You can eat with him but sleep with a Christian because the Zionist will sell you out, betray you. Never consider the Zionist for refuge and never walk in front of one because he may be from the type that can stab you.  If you do relate to them otherwise, you will be making the uncalculated risk and signing your own death contract. Just like engineering a bomb, you are allowed only one mistake.

“They might have the entire Federal Reserve in their handBut we are wise enough to understandWealth doesn’t bring Respect or libertyBoth Jesus (pbuh) and Muhammad (pbuh) proved that there is honor in povertyCapitalism might be their gameBut this world and its temporary life is their very shallow aimOur aims are much higher; up, above the sky and beyondParadise is our aim; a permanent life of bounties unboundHow would the Godless people know what it’s like?To love unconditionally, to live without dislikeFor the poor, for the unfortunateFor the orphans, for the handicapThe victims of warThe knowledgeable, without powerJustice is what we wait for, Justice is what we seekFor the ‘victims of injustice’, victims of deceit!We will indeed receive justice in the Hereafter we know this with convictionLet them live in glee for now; let them forget us in their celebrations!I still wish though that they had some wisdom some conception“The life of this world is only the enjoyment of Deception!” (Quran 3:185)

Obama visits here all the time, between Golf games, and thus far his alleged "charm" is wearing very thin.Once again, I have proven a stinking ju to be a liar.  And once again, the stinking ju hits the road and runs away.  TheMaddogju has done himself in by claiming that Qatar's gov "owns" the Associated Press.  See how easy you jews are?  It is pathetic.

Maddogju, my BA is in history.  What is your college degree in?  You have never stated.

Hitler so feared the Jews,that he blew half his cowardly head off! Ha ha hee hee ha!

Doc Hakeem, I somehow just know that you really do enjoy your work.  Do you combine it with pediatrics too?

Is Obama going to say to the Israeli's  " We're on your side but we sent Egrypt 250 million dollars, our fighter planes and tanks, and Syria got 60 million, Turkey another 120 million....but you can count on our continued support."

I hope Obama does a better job charming the Israelis than he did Congress

@ T.J.!  Dunk your unusually large head in arab feces! Hee hee ha ha!

Look at what Obama and the democrats are doing to America , Israel. Understand who and what you are dealing with. Just read some of the anti-Semitic posts here on Yahoo and understand, they are Obama and democrat supporters.

Fickle Fate knows who the #$%$ here are (at least the Nazi wannabes).  That makes Fickle Fate far more astute than the typical Yahoo riff raff.

WM • 5 min ago "JIZRAEL is just a welfare state sucking Billions"Wrong WM ! 2012 figures .. $72 billion in foreign aid, $14 billion for troop training and counter-terrorism. Israel rcvd $3.1 and they're our ally. Spread your propaganda elsewhere."Reality Chick. "Abe," and, "Robert Camacho." all carry large,matching purses!

Impeach dabama for any number of his high crimes this past four years. PLEASE !

The Republican Party kissed up to the Jews more than any group of people on this planet. The Jews used them, and then spit them out. Look at the Republican Party. It's toast. That's the thanks they get for kissing up to the Jews and Israel.

People define friendship in such simplistic terms.  My best friends are those who will not only support me, but also tell me what I need to hear - even it it may not be what I want to hear.

How can you treat someone like Siht for 4 years then suddenly find a need to charm them, That has to be embarrassing

Israel can keep Obama if they want. Maybe they can toughen him up a bit. If it happens to take...oh say...three and a half years that's ok.

Don't trust Him Israel, He lies to us all the Time.

THEY'RE skeptical? About  half the US is also skeptical !

The ZioPigs took a thrashing from other independents as well on the Netanyahu faces rocky future in new coalition article.......Remember we are unorganized that thumbs need to be used to spread our message.If we get organized we can keep our messages spreading exposing Israel and the Anti-American Jew supremacist for what they are.

I see a  bunch of angry haters attacking anyone who opposes Israel sucking American people into Bankruptcy for their own benefit.President Obama doesn't need to "charm", but I hope that he does,We support the 60 years of freedom &amp; democracy with our ally Israel.

Support for Israel is support for colonial and imperialistic powers exceeding their authority.The United Nations had no business offering the nation of one people to the people of many nations. Its General Assembly had neither the legal nor the legislative powers to impose such a resolution or to convey title of a territory; Articles 10, 11 and 14 of the UN Charter bestows the right on the General Assembly merely to recommend resolutions.(1948 uk/un-resolution-181/)Support for Israel is support for legal racial discrimination, namely, the Law of Return.The Law of Return (Hebrew: חוק השבות, ḥok ha-shvūt) is Israeli legislation, enacted in 1950, that gives Jews, those of Jewish ancestry, and their spouses the right to migrate to and settle in Israel and gain citizenship.MK Ahmed Tibi of United Arab List and Ta'al criticized the system's double-standard, stating that, "people immigrated to Israel and received automatic citizenship under the Law of Return, while citizens of Nazareth and Taibe are not allowed to visit their own relatives merely due to the fact that they are Arabs." (wiki/Law_of_Return)Support for Israel is support for ethnic cleansingSupport for Israel is an on-going, stark example of how America is deaf, dumb and blind to the rights of the oppressed. There is no moral, religious or legal justification for its establishment in Palestine. The following illustrates this point: support for Israel is the rewarding of and support for ethnic cleansing: In 1918 the reality on the ground was that Jews owned about 2% of the total land area of Palestine and were 8% of the population. In 1948 Jews dispossessed over 800,000 Palestinians from over 500 towns and villages. After 1948, 92% of the land that became Israel was Palestinian.  The land was not sold or freely given up. There were expulsions, military assaults, massacres, and fear of assaults and terrorism. America and other colonial and imperialist powers rewarded Jewish terrorists with support for the creation and expansion of Israel. The remaining Palestinian land has been turned into prisons with fences, barbed wire, gates, and checkpoints for identification and contraband.Support for Israel is rejection of  the Palestinian Right of Return as expressed by Al-Awda, the Palestine Right to Return Coalition, whichaffirms that the Palestinian Arab people, regardless of their religious affiliation, are indigenous to Palestine. Therefore, they are entitled to live anywhere in Palestine which encompasses present-day "Israel", the West Bank and Gaza Strip. Al-Awda regards the "Israeli" definition of Jewish nationals, granting exclusive rights to citizenship and land to any Jew from anywhere in the world, as part of the racism and discrimination inherent in Zionist ideology which underlies the policies and laws of the settler state of "Israel".

If a stinking jew cannot say quickly and definitively in words how Israel has EVER been a friend or ally of the American people, then obviously Israel has NEVER been our friend or ally.  Yet the stinking jews make that claim constantly.  Non stop.  And with no substance.

ROFL.   Obama gets the biggest rallies in Germany since Hitler.  No one seems to think that is funny.   He gets the biggest spending program passed in US history.  No one seems to that that is funny.   Now there is a concern he will not be able to seduce the Jews of Israel and that seems to send people into a frenzy.

You can tell who the shills are by looking at all their comments.  REALITY CHECK only seems to post on Israel related items and always to the negative.   If ANYONE is being paid to push an agenda,  it is him.

"Obama needs to charm skeptical Israelis".  Total Bu11shait. Obama doesn't need to charm anyone, except his wife.

Charm offensive....well, half right. This is a maintenance trip, whose kidding who. He wants them to stick to his agenda and tactic of sanctions and long-winded negotiation. Iran his more than happy to take this approach. Meanwhile their technology advances, their facilities become hardened, processes made less apparent. We got another year to kick this can down the road? You believe him?.

Don't they also "charm" snakes?

Reality Check,Your posts on Yahoo are exclusively on topics associated with Jews and Israel - never anything else. Why is that?

He needs to dress up as David ready to take on Goliath.he is a good talker and a liar so he has a shot

"As president, he has to be a friend of Israel's. But he's a friend who pats you on the shoulder. He doesn't give you a hug."Obama would rather hug the people who supported Saddam and celebrated the 9/11 attacks.

Mr. Obama please leave Israel go to Gaza and be among your people

Leave it to a jew, Aron Hellerberg, to claim that my president must "charm" Israelis.  My president needs to charm no one outside of this country.  Only a stinking jew would make that claim.  Typical of the jewish owned and operated AP.

Israel has never been good with money.  Not even US dollars.  In 1984 israeli inflation was a mere 450%.  I remember seeing on CNN, Israelis were putting washing machines, refridgerators, and cars in their front yards in order to fight hyper inflation.  They were buying and selling consumer goods from their front yards and using only US $ instead of the worthless "shekel".  It did, however, cut down drastically on the importation of US made toilet paper.

Real Americans look out for and guide America and her interests.  Real Americans know that American interests are NOT the same as Israeli interests.  Because the historical facts are that NEVER have two nations EVER had identical interests at any time.  But then, Pukeju is no scholar, nor even a college educated moron.  He is just a stinking jew and nothing more.

And why should the US be such good friends with an apartheid, terrorist nation like Israel? Oh wait, that's right, Israel and AIPAC bought congress a long time ago...

Yah well... How, indeed, does a Muslim charms a Jew?

"Abe" and "Reality Chick" sobbed like 5 year old girls when bin Laden was killed!  Tells you what shetheads these two subhumans are!

I am sure that the Israelis have watched obama's many performances in this country. I am sure that they also know that he really does not like them. There is nothing obama can do to charm them. The have his number.I just started learning about the Bolshevism and how they even where in Germany and had international financing. This is what Hitler was fighting including the Red Revolution of Russia knowing that they where seeking world wide domination.It is very interesting stuff.I suggest anyone hood winked by the Holocaust distraction to study the Jewish Red Bolshevik Revolution and the Links to Zionism.It is even said that America was influence by these same bolshevism financiers to fight Hitler and then they infested the U.S. Politics and Organizations.Some call it communism some call it Marxism Some call it Judaism some call it Zionism

@ Abe and Marcus! Jews only control you,and your rectums! Ha ha ha!

If Iran makes nuclear bomb then Obama and Iranian Supreme Leader they will both be considered liars all over the world , personally I don't think they would want that

The prize of Islam is Jerusalem! Don't fall for chief Caliphs LIES BB!

"What this trip allows me to do is once again to connect to the Israeli people and there is no substitute to that. The bonds between our two countries are so strong, not just shared values but shared families, shared businesses"Really BHO? Once again?Isn't this BHO's first trip to Israel?

he needs to stop all aid to them.

OBUMMER IS A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR POS

Obama charm(chärm) n- Exaggerated or foolish talk; nonsense- Deceitful or pretentious talk

I would be sceptical as well. Drone on old boy

Pats your shoulder and knifes your back.If you LOL your own comment, doesn't that just make you pathetic?  Just saying...

Big Money from NY Jews put The Muslim in office.  The USA does not control Israel and neither does the millions of Muslims surronding them.  Obama we all know has not been a friend of jews.

Obomber vists false flag Khazar Judaists who brutally occupy Palestine.Lest we forget, the Khazar Judaists slaughtered 40 million Christians in Russia and Eastern Europe, 7 million Africans, and untold numbers of Indians in South America. The Khazar Jewish "God" has also given them permission to slaughter the Muslims in the Middle East.  Now they want to attack Iran.

@ Abe! That's why your foul smelling mouth smells like Duke's man milk! Neo-Dummy! Ha ha ho ho ha!

The zealots ruling Israel and Iran deserve each other !!

Anyone else notice how Pakistan just ignored obuma,and built an oil pipeline,in conjunction with iran.  No one respects obuma!

I could care less about Israel.. I could. How about we fix our economy, boost our education, boost our national security around our borders, strive for friendly relations with ALL countries, stop making new wars which lead to everyone hating us in the end, and--spread tolerance, respect, and morals. Being warmongers will only create 100 enemies for every 1 ally. Israel offers nothing good to the USA- stop foreign aide and put that aide for this country's future.

This AP story is written by a stinking jew FOR jews and their propaganda efforts.  The last thing Americans need is more jewish advice on how to deal with the stinking jews in their Israel.

Isn't it enough that the Jews control the Federal Reserve; control Wall Street; control the media; control Congress; control the Supreme Court; control the White House; control the State Department and our foriegn policy; control the Treasury Department, and control Hollywood? When are the goyim going to wake up, and put an end to these parasites ruining America?

By asking stupid questions like tj just did, I just might demote tj from giving POOK a tj (toe job) to eating POOK'S turds.  tj likes it when I put him in his proper place.  so does st.  It's such an easy job.Israel APIAC seek "exemption" from sequestration cuts. An official from the lobby explicitly refused to rule out pursuing such legislation, even if that would enable Israel alone to escape the cuts hitting every other foreign aid recipient, not to mention those hitting domestic programs.And what, my fellow Amerians, has an Israeli jew done for you today?

Israel seeks to have American aid $$$$ exempt from sequestration cuts.  Israel: Americans should suffer from cuts and losses, but not us.

Doc Hakeem, tell me what year, or close to it, did Texas and Mexico fight over land?  You got the slightest idea, juboy?

Reading the comments..and it seems everyone is against Israel. Sign of the times..

For the naive Americans who don't understand Israel's internet agenda; Israel hires and trains sleazebags like "jaime" to flood Yahoo 24 hours a day. Tactics include stealing ID's, thumbing down and hiding comments they don't want Americans to see..and an endless stream of inane comments to bump comments off the page and distract you from the truth.

Israel is the problem in the region, we owe them nothing!

He couldn't charm a snake, but apparently the SNAKE (Satan) charmed him!

@ Bill White! You're not important!  No one cares what you want!

Jaime's sister services the haredim

"Overcoming this perception will require a major charm offensive " is P.C. for Obama is going to lie to the Israelis. Let's face it people, if (or when) Israel and Iran go at it, Obama is going to send our forces to Israel to take over (helping the Irans).lookin at the headline, I would suggest it reads, Obama needs to resign.... just sayin

NO he doesn't, he needs to STOP supporting THE terrorist state!!!especialy with our money!!!

Needs to charm? What do we owe these parasitic ingrates? Will they demand we release spy pollard,whos been honored with a park ,a street and a medal in his wretched honor. Will israel release mordecai vanunu?

Jaime washes his balls once a week

I wonder if Obama tasted senator rand paul &amp; mitt romney's saliva when he kissed the wall?

he over there trying to deside wich country that HATES us should we help by FUNDING THE START OF THERE WAR SO WE HAVE TO SEND TROUPS WAR IS a TRILLION DOLLAR BIS PEOPLE WAKE UP!!!

the hell with the wannabe democracy terrorist state!

Jews are the masters of, "Reality Chick," "Abe," and, "Robert Camacho!"

obama wont do enough to charm them - he better do enough - they are real skeptical about him - it wouldnt surprize me if some of them call him a traitor you think obama is going to charm those types

Don't trust dabama he is anti-semitic , anti-white and pro sharia law for the world ..When will someone charge dabama with his Benghazi massacre ?He's going to use charm, "again" !!

Obama, throw Israel under the bus, and have Pollard executed

Well at least you can see the truth has been thoroughly told on this article hopefully a few more people where informed instead of steam rolled.Great Job today everyone and we silenced  the Paid Israeli trolls and Jew supremacist.The Truth was told Information was shared not obstructed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Israel , don't trust dabama he is anti-semitic and anti-white. The proof is in his actions ..dabama listened to jeremiah wright's rants for twenty years and was on camera agreeing with him , tell me he doesn't hate America !

Why does israel employ bloggers to park their butts here 24 hours a day? First and foremost to pump out disinformation to an uninformed American public. Keeping you stupid keeps the billions flowing to israel. Second..to insult and mock any critics of israel's policies. Also a high priority.

Informed and patriotic Americans know Israel and their stinking jewish American agents for exactly what they are.  Criminal trash.  And nothing less.  Pukeju and his bro Maddog both worship at the alter of Jonathon Pollard.

Obonehead needs to do nothing

#$%$ !!!! !!!!  why do US politicians NEED to charm Israel

Without the US taxpayer welfare to Israel, Israel would be just as the French ambassador stated: Just another shytty little country.   LOL.

Zio bums don't want charm, they want their welfare money.Maddogju, in your wildest dreams.  The AP is HQ'd in NYC.  A non profit org, "owned" by assorted newspapers/media, chaired by a jew with a jewish board of directors.  "Owned" by the Qatar gov?  LOL.   Admit it Golan boy, you are anything BUT an American.  You are nothing but another stinking jewish agent for your Israel.  LOL.   See how easy you stinking juzz are?  Its pathetic.

THIS JUST IN:  Israel has agreed to evacuate all its citizens from the Golan Heights one day after the U.S. evacuates all its Texas settlements and gives Texas back to Mexico.

I make good cole slaw.off to the sport show, have a good one.....I leave you withAsala NassriyoutubeandI dreamed a dream, ann hathaway

I publicly implore the PA to please ponder the publication in April of the prognosis from the probe of Arafat's poop portal for the probable presence of polonium poisoning. Peace.

Read "thetrumpet's" 'Jerusalem in Prophecy' . The Bible tells exactly how things proceed and eventually turn out . Prove it to yourself . 1st Thessalonians 5:21

Rick the prick is jiggy again... time for another whoopin', boy ?

I'm sure that he'll atleast bow. The dumb  s  h  i  t  can't even run this country.

Charm? How about honesty and integrity! How about not telling them what they need to do either. Maybe tell them you are not giving tanks and F-16's to radical Islamists in Egypt. Crazy I know but treat our allies like allies and our enemies as enemies. Quit giving our money to anyone until the national debt is at zero!

wow, the headline says  it all.."Obama needs to charm skeptical Israelis in visit"I would think that U.S. citizens facing issues are more important than "skeptical Israelis".

How much is this trip going to cost us.Israel:  obama sent 1.4 billion in aid to the muslim brotherhood last year.  He is sending your enemies weapons and equipment.  He is a liar and a failure...do not trust him.

Hope he tells them where to get off.

Obama is not some kind of magcal figure.  He's just a man who happens to be black.  Why the media portray him as a god is puzzling to me!!!!! i

.men aren't Jews arrogant , they should charm the president of the country that have in her hands the very existence of Israel.If America drops the support for Israel within one year Israel will speak Arabic  nukes won't do any good if you use them on your own country .So Jewish sisters kiss Obamas #$%$ and shut to fak up.

@ Quintus! Typical liberal rodent! He owes America a good days work!

Jaime,Please put a lid on the comments.

@ Robert!  Suck "Reality Chicks" unclean butt! Hee hee ha ho ha!

@ Rob!  Every Jewish citizen is s frontline soldier. And you are a big fatso eating potato chips in front of your PC,wearing a filthy t-shirt! Ha hee hee ha ha!

@ Alexander! Maybe you should brush your big,yellow teeth!

Charm my #$%$ America is not responsible for israel'.  Israel is the problem in the Middle East."Shekel trader" dines on the peanuts found in arab shet! Ha Ha hee hee!

B S! you don't need to do anything mr president

Why the hell does the POTUS need to re#$%$ure Israelis?   The US basically shelters those desert dwelling worms from all harm around them.   OHHH the Israeli army is so bad #$%$ -  yeah they shoot women and children without remorse  Wow.  If the Iranians decided to attack Israel the Jews would be wiped off the map  (so would the Iranians because the Jews would nuke anyone throwing even a spear at them)   Why should the Jews be allowed to have nukes - talk about an unstable regime!   Basically the abused have become the abuser.Without US #$%$urances and money they would be nothing but another bunch of miserable nomads wandering the desert.   "F" them!!!!

Jaime...is it true that you are Brenda M's illegitimate son?

Spamming the thread with insults and inane comments is an israeli internet troll's strategy of bumping comments critical of israel..zionism or jews off the page. They work this k*rap 24 hours a day on Yahoo...Right "pook"?

Obama reserves the charm and bows for Arab potentates like King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia.

@ Abe and Reality Chick!  Jews are your intellectual superiors,and don't you forget it!

"Obama needs to charm skeptical Israelis in visit" ??? Are you kidding me? I think that Israel needs to charm Obama and skeptical Americans.BTW Bibi, the illegal settlements go to the Palestinians. The more you build, the more will be taken.

God bless Israel, amen!

I'd feel better, if Obama put some effort into charming skeptical Americans....I just hope Obama didn't forget his knee pads..-S/T

I am just wondering how Obama's condescending, arrogant, smirking, sneering. lecturing style amounts to 'charm'.

Charm them with the clip of me beating off on my jewish friends couch. Or he's holding on to that one?

tj's intellectual development seems to be on the rise.  Although he posts nothing of value, at least he can complete one short sentence.  Congratulations tj.  Now tj is up to the intellectual level of the bottom of POOK'S feet.  Progress.  Now tj can give POOK a tj (Toe Job).  tj wants to grow up quickly, so he can rise to POOK'S midsection and then give POOK a bj.  Good luck tj, giving many bj's may be on your horizon!  LOL

Why does President obama have to "charm" Israelis? A wake-up call for Americans...*IRAN SANCTIONS ACT of 1996 Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish)*H.R. 938, The United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act: Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish)*S.Res. 185, Sponsor: Sen. Ben Cardin (Jewish) states that if the Palestinian Authority goes ahead with its plan to seek unilateral recognition as a state, the US would suspend its financial aid.*H.Res. 268, Sponsor: House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (Jewish) The resolution called upon the administration to announce that it would “veto any resolution on Palestinian statehood that comes before the United Nations Security Council.*H.Res. 4133, Sponsor: Eric Cantor (Jewish) United States-Israel Enhanced Security Cooperation Act of 2012*H.RES.568, Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish) preventing the Government of Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability.*H.R. 2194, Sponsor: Howard Berman (Jewish) Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010*H.R. 1905, Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish) Howard Berman (Jewish) will place virtually all of Iran’s energy, financial, and transportation sectors under U.S. sanction. Companies conducting business with Iran in these sectors face losing access to U.S. markets; impose sanctions designed to prevent Iran from repatriating any proceeds from its oil sales, thus depriving Iran of 80 percent of its hard currency earnings and half of the funds to support its national budget; impose tough new sanctions on the National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC), the National Iranian Tanker Company (NITC) and Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC); target Iran’s use of barter transactions to bypass sanctions, the provision of insurance to Iran’s energy sector, and the provision of specialized financial messaging services to the Central Bank of Iran.*James N. Miller(Jewish) Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Policy*Mara Rudman (Jewish) Foreign Policy Advisor*Eric Lynn (Jewish) Middle East Policy Advisor*Lee Feinstein (Jewish) Foreign Policy Advisor*Diane Feinstein (Jewish) Chairwoman Senate Select Committee on Intelligence*Michael Chertoff (Jewish) former Homeland Security chief*Daniel Benjamin (Jewish) head of the State Department’s Bureau of Counter-Terrorism*Stuart Levey (Jewish) Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence*David Cohen (Jewish) Secretary of the Treasury for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence*Steve Simon (Jewish) National Security Council Middle East Desk*Dan Shapiro (Jewish) former Head of Middle East Desk at the National Security Council now ambassador to Israel*Dennis Ross (Jewish) Special Advisor for the Gulf (Iran) and Southwest Asia to the Secretary of State*Robert Einhorn (Jewish) Special Advisor for Non-Proliferation and Arms Control*Colin Kahl(Jewish) Former Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for the Middle East (Current National Security Advisor)

Has anyone but me noticed the common thread in the past couple of weeks when reading stories on the "anointed one"?He is having to "charm" some "skeptical" group.  Charm the GOP.  Charm the Israelis.Here's a thought.  Stop trying to "charm" people, and TELL THE TRUTH!  Stop being a socialist dictator, and try being an American.  Maybe people would stop being so "skeptical"...

Loyalty to Israel first"Obama's shunning of Israel in the first term did not sit well with Jewish-American voters and a show of friendship could go a long way for Democrats in 2014 midterm elections."

Rick didn't make it into art school. I can't help but think how familiar that sounds for some reason.

Vegas odds say a BO ZO excuse is in the works right now.  Jay Carney will be asked to go on Sunday liberal shows to explain that something has "come up".  But, he will not be able to completely define just what it is, but the president will soon disclose to everyone, just what did "come up" to postpone the trip to Israel.  I think preparation of the budget, NCAA basketball playoffs, or working with former Secretary of State Rice to take him to Augusta to play just before the MASTER'S.   We shall see.

@ Reality Chick! Yes,the Jews pay me a gazillion dollars for my insightful comments about maggots like you! Meanwhile,your comments are pure garbage! Only an idiot like "Abe" likes your stupid comments! Ha ha ha ho ha!The author wants to believe that it is Obama's job to keep jews happy. What a non-sense. Obama does not owe anybody anything.

Real Americans sleep better at night knowing that Israel might have 487 powerful and devastatingly precise nuke pointed at the mohammedans.

Jaime eats bacon like a couple of other hebes I know

Of all the wonderful sights and sounds in Israel, snake charmers have never been seen.

@ Shekel trader!  Kneel to your superiors,the Jews!

Hitler's life came crashing down around him,and his loser cronies!  The same will happen to you repulsive,degenerates!

Israel the land of lecherous carpet bagging Jewish zealots expansionist and provocateurs !!

that is never going to happen ,Obama hates Israel and has done everything to scew up relations with Israel because of his muslim and communist views this the democratic party at work today

Why? Isn't it enough that we pay so much of our tax money to Isra ILL.  All they have done has been to start wars that do not cost them any and we pay for it.

I urge America to read "jaime's" posts...This is who Yahoo considers a "top contributor"?BwahahahahahahaI wish obuma were charming,then he would have one good quality! The pus head liberals think he's the messiah!

he makes Bush look good and I diden't think that was posable

Obama can only charm his #$%$.

Need to charm israel?  The "israeli-firster " firster in our government is giving israel 3.2 BILLION per year.  Plus hidden in the 2013 US Military Approbiation bill is hidden a transfer of 466 MILLION dollars to buy isreal a Iron Dome system.  This is the sixth Iron Dome congress bought israel in the last 18 months.  Under orders from israel/AIPAC/jewish lobby congress is working on avoiding any cuts israel aid, makinf suquestration null for israel.  Congress thinks that it is OK for Sequestion to cut veterans and active duty benefits.

@ Muzikcraze! "You don't have to do anything mr president"  Your teeth are caked with obuma shet!  Liberal mental deficient! "You don't have to do anything mr president" Wacky idiot!

I dare the president to make peace between Israel and the Palestinians during his term.Enjoy the Vacation Mr. President, at least the wife and the kids are not with you.

Skeptical Israeli's?  They should arrest him on sight as a terrorist.

Maddogju,  LOL.   The AP is a non profit org.  Investment firms do not buy non profits.  But perhaps you can tell me where you get that lie/info from?  Betcha can't, Golan boy.

"Reality Chick" is sitting on "Abe's" knee ,as we speak!

Maddog, please to explain how Qatar "owns" the AP?  LOL.   Gonna run away again, juboy?Top Ten Israeli singers (2012)YoutubeTop 10 arabic song ever ( Part 1 )Youtubewho is better? IN TALENT.

Israel:  America's $7 Trillion dollar nightmare..-S/T

Obama thinks he can charm his around every issue....Israel is no fool.

"Musikcraze" loves the smell of festering arab butt!

respond with all the courtesy that obama showed the isreali pm, including entering and exiting out a side door.

Obama is not navie and soft he just hates Isreal and the jews Obama like to see Isreal destroyed and see Christian turn into atheist ! This devil knows what he is doing ! Like a Islamic once said You deceive, You shall be deceived ! Obama is doing a great job at deceiving the American people and the world ! Well a lot us have not bought into his plan !

Who cares what the Israelis think?? How about we look out for what's best for America and Israel can fend for itself. What good do we get from Israel that justifies all the money and resources we send them? If all the big hedge funds produced the same rate of return that the US gets from Israel, all the fund managers would go to jail. It's time for America to stop wasting money and resources on Israel.

"Shekel trader'" uses several aliases,so that he can be paid multiple times! Ha Ha he hee ha!

"Jaime", the 12 year old Hebrew school kid who thinks he's funny....

Obama can charm the stripes off a zebra.  He did it in the US and we have 4 more years of it.He needs a teleprompter app on his iphone.

oh this so going to be a giant propaganda  photo op for old barry. it will give him the chance to ascend to the temple mount and formally declare his messiahood . maybe he is the mahdi after all. the israelis will be polite at the minimum, and so stroke his giant ego, like they would a 3rd world tyrant potentate on the other extreme. i sure hope the arabs all get the memo and behave or the ss will have to pull their uzis, mp5s and shotguns. he also will have lots of photos taken at christian sites to prove he really is a christian. (insert sneer and snickering here)...... is that big low laying limo going to jump the pot holes and speed bumps going into fataHstan's capitol, ramallah?  ive seen the videos of that place. lovely place; if you are from mauritania or niger.

Will there be golf?

@ Shekel trader! I'll jump off a bridge if I can land on your soft,marshmellow,empty head!

Anyone can use "TJ" as a human toilet!

Gobbler alert the Jewish Pook attack Gobble GOBBLE

"Obama needs to charm skeptical Israelis in visit"So, he can't be honest about his pro-Islam, pro Palestinian views while he is over there????

Hope the Israels don't fall for his lies, as have too many Americans. Impeach him.

@ Reality Chick! Who's paying you to post stupid comments? Give them their money back! Illogical,filthy whoore!

It's easy for me to criticize Obama and US middle east policy. However, in reality I understand it's a tough balancing act that Obama has to do over there. He'll be criticized no matter what he does - it's the nature of the job.The Middle East would be peaceful,and prosporous without the arabs!

I only wish someone would pay me to ridicule anti-Isreal dikheads!

Freedom, where did you collect this garbage about the 40 million ?

Maddogju, who are you trying to fool?  You live illegally on the Golan Heights, juboy.  You are a stinking Israeli.  trash.  You put your own country ahead of America so stick it deep juboy.

Pook are you done with your temper tantrum?

"Rick  •  6 secs ago Report Abuse..... Pukeju and his bro Maddog both worship at the alter of Jonathon Pollard."Not so. Pollard should be held in jail and Rick the Prick will continue to be my bottom beatch.

@ Jackson!  Obuma just gave Egypt 250M,and that's ok with you!  You dim-witted,airhead!

@ #$%$ Chanie! I support Israel,you piece of pig shet!

NAACP = Klan with a Tan

Abe and Marcus are now 69ing in a cheap motel room! GROSS!@ Markus! Ef you! You piece of shet#$%$!

@ Shekel trader! I doubt you take breaks from sperm swallowing! "Sperm trader!"

That's Obama's most serious talent - charm. It is not honesty or committment or clarity or anything else. I suspect the reason is thathis "Czar" for the specific area is not there. But not to worry, he'll throw them under the bus without notice.

Obama doesn't need to charm the hebes.... he needs to tell them: TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT

Pook I think Madison has you pegged LOLZNow tell us Pookie wooksterHow are you proving anything you have ever said?Most people know you are a profound liar and a Jewish Supremacist Radical Anti-AmericanT/\LMUDIST that only cares about ISrael even if it destroys America.

Power to the G0Y1M!

I highly doubt there would be a AP of Jerusalem if it was Arab owned.I would have to take a look but more than likely it is Jewish owned.It was founded by a Jew.it is a non-profit organization with heavy ties to Washington post and other Jewish owned media outlets.

Whats up Rixkster

Nobody in human history has done more than Mr. Obama to aid and abet the Muslim hoards that continually target civilian populations and kill innocent women and children.  Israel would be in it's complete right to arrest Mr. Obama and put him on trial for terrorism.

The article says "Overcoming this perception will require a major charm offensive and an uncompromising U.S. pledge to stand behind Israel, especially when it comes to stopping Iran's suspect nuclear program."In that case I say to hell with them! Let them think what they want. We don't want no more war!!!I hope President reads these comments and puts the needs of Americans first.

He is the President of America, not the President of Isreal, that is why I voted for him and not Mitt Rom....

@ Shekel trader!  First,get toilet trained,you filthy,urine smelling,pus bag!

The Israelies are going to eat Hussein up. They're just laying for this guy. He's a dead duck in dealing with them. He thinks his Chicago experience will work for him over there. HA!No Nancy Pelosi of Harry Reid to back his play. He's going to make a fool out of himself and embarrass us.

Rick the prick, you need to make sure that the FACTS jive.If they do not, you get slammed.

Obama need to be supportive and tell the truth about his backing of israel to the detriment of syria and iran.

James, the squirrels have a great time playing outside with your shriveled up nuts.

Pres. Obama couldn't charm my cat into eating generic food if I starved him for a week.

Nice headline. You guys just don't understand WHY 911 happened...do you?!?!?!!!!!!

Mr obuma,please go to "Shekel traders" dirty little home,and see another loser,first hand!Zionism Zionism give it a break, Everyone in the world knows the Palestinians are squatters. The Arabs are our enemies I learned that on 9/11/2001 when then Arab world cheered. Watch out Isreal the Paper Tiger is coming and he lies about everything,

How about charming them by releasing Jonathan Pollard who spied for Israel, an ally? That would be widely interpreted as a gesture of friendship.

80,000 syrians murdered by the rebels and the government of Syria.  It will never stop as that is God's plan.  Muslims have been exterminating muslims since the 7th century.

I buy Palestinian olives. They are fine.Israelis buy Palestinian olives too and they use them to make some fine olive oil.I like both. Salaam y'all.

Lest we forget that this imbecile that goes by as Freedom is a mohammedan sucking on the British welfare and spouting garbage on Yahoo.

Rick the Prick, you are softer than toilet paper.Almost as soft as James.

Rick the prick, prove that the Crusades happened, you imbecile !

since then do i care if Israel should pe pleased? #$%$ is this, this is stupid. All this time i thought we were a sovereign nation. ppl, vote these pos' out.

"This slave-like mentality towards Israel is absolutely unjustified." -Jill Stein (Jewish Green Party Presidential candidate)

So 5 billion dollars and the free Iron domes, F16s are not enough ?Should Obama allow Netanyahu to sit on his face as well ?This is a lot of #$%$, with friend like that who needs enemy ?Just do the right thing Jews, end the occupation and comply with the laws.Obama is not concern about Israel. All is about to destroy Israel!!!!!!

we jews own you stupid goyim  .. when we jews demanded you stupid goyim kill saddam for us you did it...  now we jews will make you stupid goyim attack Iran for us   we jews don't care how many of your stupid goyim children die fighting for israel

American Catholics are great Americans.American Buddhists are great Americans.Even many American Muslims are great Americans.American Jews are great Americans. FACT

Obama will secretly visit the Temple Mount and pray to his Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.

Rick's business cards came back from the printer with one small typo. They all read "The Master Rice"

Morsi calls Jewish People decendents of Pig and monkeys and also says they are bloodsuckers.  Acutally Morsi was taking about himself again.  So many muslims are self loathing and that is why they can easily be talked into becoming a suicide bomber.

Why any Jewish person voted for the S O B is beyond my comprehension! He is a Muslim and he hates Israel!

You mohammedans are owned.There is NOTHING you can do to change the FACTS.And the FACTS are not kind to you. FACT

James the mouk , you worry about your goumiers on the way to Constantinople.That is all you need to do.

Why does he need to impress the charm anyone ... what is it that we need from them anyways."TJ" hangs out with arabs. to join in on the goat gang bangs!

"TJ" loves arab golden showers!

Nzis and mohammedans, you will be hanged with FACTS.FACT

obama charming anyone what a joke

CARCE  Israel is not the one going to hell just check out the murders of muslims by muslims.  the 72 virgins are downstairs not upstairs.

The Propaganda artist are at it again.  Perhaps some Jewish people were marxist, but then all muslims were #$%$ as the founder of the Muslim brotherhood, al Banna, was a favorite of Hitler and he and the Mufti of Jerusalem would broadcast for Hitler saying "it would please allah if you murdered a JewishPerson and a Christian Person.

They aren't that stupid

I hope they Boo Him!!!!!

look at that picture,bibi is trying to see if that is a lie coming out of obamas mouth,of course it is, his mouth is open.

ricky is a true "scholar."  Here's one of his gems."Pookheeb, the Egyptian army (1973 arab/Israeli war) was saved due to the efforts of Kissinger as ordered by Nixon. The reason was that Nasser was about to be overthrown and an even more radical element of the Egypt army was going to take over. Fortunately our CIA and British intell managed to install a more realistic man, a colonel, and his supporters."(In FACT, Nasser died in 1970 - 3 years earlier-Maybe Kissinger was trying to "resurrect" nasser, eh ricky.  Go have a few more guinness, maybe then you can see straight.  And go suck on a few more lime balls with them.  Since Pook is not here, that is LOL)Abe i heard that you have been subsidizing duke and the nazi group since ww2.

With such low rent reporting on both Israeli T.V stations,  bad news mix on cable, lefty media, local audience are ill informed, even the " T.V reporters"  who aggregate latest news, are absolutely "low information" reporters. The public in Israel might be susceptible to buy his "hope and change" rubbish, they know so little about him, his mentors, his dodgy past, and they have an inordinate regard to the office of the U.S Presidency, not realizing how many of them were pretty shady creeps, none was as bad as this one, but the media in Israel will keep them in the dark and feed them with  horse m---re....

Charm is not his strong suit.

"Rather than address Israeli leaders in parliament, as his predecessor George W. Bush did, Obama will deliver his main speech at a Jerusalem auditorium packed with university students."Well, the current generation of leaders in Israel &amp; Palestine have not done too good of a job at making peace with each other. Perhaps it's best to get the next generation to start thinking about what has gone wrong in the past and what to do differently in the future.A good analysis of what went wrong in the past (such as with The Oslo Accords) can be found in the following article:"The Peace Process is Dead, Long Live the Peace Process - Ami Isseroff" - January 17, 2003[summary]"The Oslo accords failed because Palestinians and Israelis still have national goals that are incompatible with each others' existence as free peoples, and with peace. These goals are accepted by a large national consensus on each side, and are encouraged by leaders rather than discouraged, in order to give them strong bargaining positions in the negotiations. This situation should not be viewed as static and unchangeable however. The consensus created around intractable positions is supported by powerful lobbies on each side, operating within Palestine and Israel and in the Diaspora, as well as by foreign powers and Islamist extremist groups. These groups still have not internalized the idea that destroying the other side is impossible. The peace process will succeed if, and only if, the coalitions and organizations created to thwart it are dismantled or neutralized, and the consensus goals of both societies are changed."

If we left out the antagonism displayed by Hamas toward Israel and Jews in general.My opinion. I know some would disagree on here. You still get a rather distasteful group of individuals.Just Google "Amnesty and Hamas" or "Hamas and gay rights"Why would anybody want to sit down and talk to these people? Why would anybody elect them as their representatives?

Those Dang Bolshevik Red Jewish Zionist have been the Revolutionary nightmare of any God fearing gentile nation since they took over the banking industry 100s of years ago.

"Obama needs to charm skeptical Israelis"1st grade defintion - LIE

Phoney "charm" is all Obama is good for. Israel doesn't need "charm",  it needs responsible allies and solid assurances of support. Not a two-faced inept appeaser looking for another photo-op.

Jaime is the top Troll for Israel

"Obama needs to charm skeptical Israelis in visit"---As far as I am concerned Obama has already failed by refusing to invite Ariel University student.It tells everything about Obama anyone needs to know.Maddog, they all love Assad , 85.000 Muslims dead be damned.But if IDF pops some rock hurling moron with a rubber bullet, they squeal like pigs at slaughter time.

Rick the prick disappeared before I was done with him.I'll catch the mental midget next time.

"For Zion's sake I will not keep silent, for Jerusalem\'s sake I will not remain quiet,till her righteousness shines out like the dawn, her salvation like a blazing torch" - Isaiah 62:1

@  T.J.!  You offered to tongue my balls,but who knows where your tongue has been!

Hitler along with his cronies the people of Islam murdered 70 million Christians.

Bolshevism Came from the USSR to the U.S. RickIt was funded from U.S. Jew banksters when it started

Beat that Booty Beat that Zio H*0O

Sane Americans do not take silly internet sites seriously, maggot!

Someday the American people will realize the truth, and will realize how Israel controls U.S. foreign policy- -it is possible after several other wars entered by the United States without any reason except to satisfy Israeli and loss of thousands of  soldiers and trillions of dollars - then the American people will realize with who should stand and will realize that Israel is colonized Palestinian land and will be aware who are the terrorists and who benefits from war and escalation

Rick the prick, you LIE and I slam you.Deal ?Real Americans buy Palestinian olives but not olive oil. That comes from Greece, Spain and the best from Italy.Real Americans buy tons of Israeli hi-tech products. FACT

The only apparent fact is that Israel and the US are best of allies, we fight the scourge of mohammedan jihadis , and we are doing a dam ' good job at it.American drones / Israeli avionics kill thousands of mohammedans.FACT

"Abe" and "Reality Chick" fantasize about being interrogated by the Mossad,and being cavity searched! Ha Ha Ha hee hee!

Watch your Wallet Obama those Israeli Politicians and Jew Banksters have been raping the American Taxpayers for a long time you might be a bragging story if they get your spending cash.

Hey rick, got any plans for Poland?

@ Bill White!  Stick to small words you can understand...you arab boy lover!

The land belongs to Israel.  They have every right to build.  So called Palestinians have done nothing with the Gaza since taking it over.  Send them to other Arab countries, they have plenty of land.

To Obomao and his clueless lapdog followers charm = bs

@ T.J. !  Your mom serviced you! Ha ha hee ha ha!

Will I be Freed I am the Hot topic for IsraelFree our traitor Johnathan Pollard I am Israels Hero Free me !Before Desert Storm, Tariq Aziz, Iraq's English-speaking Foreign Minister and Deputy Prime Minister, was asked in the aftermath of the failed U.S.-Iraq peace talks in Geneva, Switzerland, by a reporter. “Mr. Foreign Minister, if war starts...will you attack Israel?” His response was, “Yes, absolutely, yes."

Khazars were a Russian tribe that became Jewish and then converted to Christianity.   Guess the muslims are sad that they rejected Islam.

When, "Abe," and,  "Reality Chick," are dead,and smelling up the earth,Israel will be going strong!

Israel's internet nutcases (like "jaime") have to do israel's dirty work. Hide the truth..create distractions..insult and defame everything in sight. And they do this while pretending to be "average" Americans..24 hours a day....every day. Wake up America.

Obama just visiting his masters.

Is anyone in their right mind gonna listen to a born loser like "Reality Chick?"  Everything she says is wrong,or a lie.

So, you are thinking of a Nobel Peace Prize and not real Peace in that region, and you probably realized whom to keep in your favour to own one. Good for you. Good sight seeing.

good luck Berry that Kenyan after you throw them under the bus

I also have a problem with stating the US "needs" anything to do with Israel - preferably we remain close allies, and that is desired, but not needed.  The US no longer "needs" anything from Israel or the rest of the mid east.  Israel is justifiably concerned for its safety given the events of the last year, however Israel also contributes greatly to the unrest in that region.  Obama is not the first Pres to question Israel's commitment to peace, but he is the first to publicly do so - and it's about time that happened.And Jawad  - Let's just assume all that you say is accurate, and it likewise that Israel has only complied with any treaty to the extent that it served their own interest.  The only road to peace requires one generation to let the hatred die with them - for your children's sake, work for justice, let go of the hatred.

Please stop killing the innocent using our tax dollars and weapons.  Please stop claiming some religious right when you basically have stolen land in modern time from another.  Please tear down the walls and free Palestine without conditions or profit or control.  In one ear and out the other. no jews, no warsJUST GET MY TAXES BACK FROM THOSE Fake Jews Obi-One F.....em !

If I didn't support Saddam's expansionist dreams.  Why would I support Netanyahu's expansionist dreams ??

Charm is a deceptive front. What we need is real character and integrity in our government.

Israel offered peace to the muslims that occupy Jewish territory in 1947, 1993, 2008 but the muslims always said no.  Now it is time to kick the muslims out of all the Jewish territory and make the ONE AND ONLY GOD HAPPY.

Heya tj, how's giving POOK a tj (toe job) coming?  Are his toe nails getting stuck between your teeth or down your throat?  Bet you can't wait for your BJ giving days awaiting you.  You're going to have to grow up a heckuva lot to reach POOK'S waistline.  Maybe, POOK can get on his knees for you tj.  I can see you're smiling already...........................

James, you are just another old bottom beatch in the stable somewhere.You were owned over and over again based on your own imbecilic lies.Give your other LIAR some advice and console each other.

Well he's lied to all of us, now he's going to lie to someone else.

President Bush intervened personally to ask Israel not to attack Iraq during Desert Storm.Now comes some ignorant deikkkhead like Rick the Prick bleating that Israel is not a good ally of the US for not interfering in that war. They stayed out even though 42 Skuds were fired at them. Because the US asked them.

OB SOFT on Israel's enemies ?  Not true.  I would say he is FOR Israel's enemies, as his pick for Defense Secretary PLAINLY shows - Israel  - DO NOT TRUST him - He lies a LOT.  This can be seen easily in everything he says and (especially) does.  Now go ahead trolls and OB lovers - lie like your boss and tell me I'm wrong, but I know firsthand what he is, as well as others whose eyes are indeed open.  He does not care for Israel at all, as he has shown in his many actions.  So go ahead and lie - others will see through him already, and you too - so, don't care.

If Gaza could be totally cut from Israel so that nothing could pass either way Israel would be all for it and Hamas total opposed, because that would stop their openly and proudly stated objectives of killing Jews.The pro-Palestinians totally inability to even mention the nature of Hamas shows that at best their being delusion and at worst dishonest.The Israelis won't fall for the obama line of manure like the Americans apparently did

Josef Goebbels is "Shekel traders" hero,cause they're both liars,and deceivers!

Rick the Prick, tell us again that story of yours about Nasser leading Egypt into oblivion during the 1973 although he died in 1970.That was very entertaining.

Oh my!I see the IMP has some of its 'tards working on Shabbos.Desperation = 24/7/365But then again, what else good are they for anyway?-S/T

Imagine having to crawl inside your own gut to appease a 65 yr old growing parasite, and saying that you will do a better job at feeding and protecting it..-S/T

It is not in the best interest of US to lose to Russians or Chinese an ally like Israel.First, Israel is regional power that call shots in Eastern Mediterranean and we want these shots be called in our favor and on our behalf.Second, Israel now-how is one of the best and to valuable to lose to Chinese.Third, we need friendly anchorage for our 6th Fleet and there is no other option to Israel, either that or seed it to Russians.Fourth, we do not actually give Israel money, but we sell them our military equipment and as result many Americans have jobs.Only ignorant fool or an enemy of USofA would want us and Israel grow apart.

After five years of arming Israel's enemies and making the mideast less stable, there shouldn't be anything the Barack the Liar can say that would any Israeli would want to hear.

People are going to accuse me of giving Hymee a "head start" on his schizo training.I will have to preempt that coming accusation with a flat out denial.Hymee seems to be doing it all on his own.Sure makes things easier for me..-S/T

"Obama needs to charm skeptical Israel" Now I see who is running America's affairs.....

Hey Rick the prick, no thumbing will help you .You are my bottom beatch, in eternity. You are owned.Americans stand with Israel.

Maybe if he pays proper lip service to their glutteous maximi, they won't attack antmore US Flag ships (USS Liberty), Send their AIPAC spies to steal our government secrets, or run over our teenage girls with bulldozers

Israel is the only place in the Middle East where Obama's daughters would have rights.

"This slave-like mentality towards Israel is absolutely unjustified." -Jill Stein (Jewish Green Party Presidential candidate)

"charm skeptical Israelis" That will work, he walks out on them at the White House and bows to Middle Eastern Kings. Add that to his Freudian slip about the 57 states should say it all.

You don't think the Isreal population can see right through Obama's BS

The FACTS are not friendly to the mohammedans.That is why the mohammedan LIES.

The following is another LIE by this stinking little maggot , Rick the Prick:"Rick  •  3 mins 38 secs ago Report AbuseWithout the US taxpayer welfare to Israel, Israel would be just as the French ambassador stated: Just another shytty little country. LOL."

American Jews are great Americans.American Irish are great Americans.American Poles are great Americans.FACT

It appears that our contingent of Israel First J00 thumbers don't like the reference to "Ratty".Brings tears to my eyes..-S/THymee, I have to leave now.  I called your mother to let her know but she seemed too busy to care.  Something about the milkman still making his delivery..-S/T

Mohammedan countries are not safe.

Spread some truth here!Iran, Syria, Arab spring top Obama’s agenda on Israel tripBy Olivier Knox, Yahoo! News | The Ticket – 40 mins ago

Why are there trolls attacking anyone who shows that Israel is a useless warmongering parasitical ally?

gee, tj, I must have really hit a nerve there when I assigned you to your new role as POOK's personal turd eater LOL.  Just as this article is about Obama CHARMING the Israelis, it is always CHARMING to have a struck a nerve in an empty headed moron like you.  Now get back to your assignment CHARMING POOK!  Start with his toes tj (t)oe (j)ob and work your way up!  LMAO  And don't forget your turd service.  That's part of your job responsibilities.  Get Busy!

All of you new ziotards should stick around on these here boards for awhile.Shekel needs to get you all "trained up".Should take about 2 weeks.The goal is to bring out the inherited Ashkenazi schizo paranoia into full bloom for each and every one of you.After that, we can have all kinds of "fun".Are you with me?-S/T

Stick to your Guns Netanyahu dont give up any more land and Trust Know One! It is written in the Torah and in the Bible WHOS land Jerusalem and Israel belongs too. I pray that OBAMA has the Guts to Help you out. Cause I would'nt want to dissapoint GOD.

Did Maddog in his life ever hit a fire hyrant that he peed at?.-S/T

Stupid mohammedan jihadis and nzis are whining day and night about ... anything ... when you give them the FACTS  , they only thumb.Feuking imbeciles. No wonder Israel is shellacking theirazes regularly and totally.

Mr Obama pleasse leave Israel go to Gaza to see a concentration camp first hand.-S/TRick the prick, we know that the Crusades happened, now you prove it.

I feel sorry for you Hymee.  Steven Jackson is never coming back.-S/T

Rick the prick, here is something for you to babble about:"BEIRUT (AP) — The Syrian regime is expanding its use of widely banned cluster bombs, an international human rights group said Saturday as the deadlocked conflict entered its third year."

Abe is 100% correct. Why does Obama have to charm Israelis?  Ef Israel.

" President Bush pressured Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir not to engage Iraq and withdraw Israeli jets, fearing that if Israel attacked Iraq, the other Arab nations would either desert the Coalition or join Iraq. It was also feared that if Israel used Syrian or Jordanian airspace to attack Iraq, they would intervene in the war on Iraq's side or attack Israel.

A total of 42 Scud missiles were fired by Iraq into Israel during the war's seven weeks.[86]Iraq hoped to provoke a military response from Israel. The Iraqi government hoped that many Arab states would withdraw from the Coalition, as they would be reluctant to fight alongside Israel.

Hymee is making great progress.  In fact he's ahead of his Shekel Schedule by at least a week.I'll have him ready for his first bridge jump before you can say "Hymeepeedinhispudding".-S/T

Some nations signed defense treatise with us:  NATO, ASEAN ... the members of those organizations are obliged to support other members.Israel does not belong to any of these organizations.Rick the prick is a clueless imbecile. ZERO American soldiers fought for Israel or died.

Maybe Netan-Yahoo should charm Americans and tell them our boys don't need to die in the Middle East for Israel any more.

@jawad/ Israel was built on what God gave them--matter of fact they still need part of Jordan, Syria, and Lebanon, to return back to original borders--your just jealous. "muslim point of view"--doesn't matter---you all have plenty of land---and you screw it up just fineStupid bigot this Rick the Prick muthafeuker.Dimmer than my shoelaces.

A south Florida imam was convicted Monday on charges of funneling more than $50,000 to the Pakistani Taliban.A federal court jury convicted Hafiz Khan, 77, on four counts of providing money and support to the group, which the United States considers a terrorist organization. Each count is punishable by up to 15 years in prison.Khan is a U.S. CITIZEN born in Pakistan and was the imam at the Flagler Mosque, one of Miami's oldest mosques. Prosecutors said he sent money to friends and family in Pakistan to be funneled to the Taliban between 2008 and 2010 and that some of the funds were used to buy weapon.(Now there's a "real American" for ya)(Funny how those who call themselves "real Americans," ignore this)LMAO!

its on the front page of yahoo for me

"Rick  •  58 secs Pukeju, tell me what "treaty" did we have that required Syrian and Jordanian troops to fight with us in Gulf War I? None. Bush sr built an alliance and they joined us. Where was Israel then? "--- FACT: Bush asked Israel not to interfere. Liberating Kuwait was not Israel's business.

Rick the prick, the majority of nations in the world have diplomatic relations with Israel .You hate, you get ulcers , that is fine.But you come here and lie, and you will have your snot slammed out of your hideous snout.FACT

Obama is an anti-semite just like his satanic left wing extremist democrat walking dead followers!

Rick the prick, we went through this again at least a couple of times.We will not go through this every morning. What I told you previously it is still true and it will be true forever: Israel had no mutual defense treatise with the US . No Israeli business in Vietnam or Korea or Afghanistan. PERIOD.

Rick the prick is not about being American first.Rick the prick is about being an ignorant stinking bigot first , only and foremost.I will slam him with his own ignorance.FACT

Rick the prick has no idea about the nature of defense treatise.Our allies fought with us if we had some defense treaty with them.

Rick the prick, you must have the thickest skull around.And empty.Once again, America has to crawl inside its own gut to feed and appease a fat and growing parasite.This will never stop until the American people themselves do something about it..-S/T

Anybody charmed by Obozo is to stupid to be a Jew, I wish I could say the same for all the "practicing Christians".

""Rick • Pookheeb, the Egyptian army was saved due to the efforts of Kissinger as ordered by Nixon. The reason was that Nasser was about to be overthrown and an even more radical element of the Egypt army was going to take over. Fortunately our CIA and British intell managed to install a more realistic man, a colonel, and his supporters."  ... LIAR.Nasser died three years earlier. FACT

"Rick  •  10 mins ago -- Blues, after one adds up all the assorted US taxpayer welfare to Israel in grants, cash, and "assistance" it amounts to more than $16 billion per year."A LIE. US aid to Israel is $3 billion according to all the government and objective sources including CIA. FACT

Man there are a lot of Jew haters here.  I bet Jesse and Al are behind it!

Israel and the US have no defense treatise.We fight our wars , Israel fights hers.Rick the prick keeps repeating some imbecilic nonsense . Ignorant feuk.

This imbecile that goes by Rick the prick is a disgusting bigot.And he is ignorant too.  He elaborated at great length how Kissinger saved Nasser's bacon during the 1973 war .Of course , Nasser died three years earlier in 1970. He is a LIAR.

Hymee, I need you on here for at least a ten hour interval with a 15 minute break for a diaper change.Can you hold it that long?Israel needs you..-S/T

Rick the prick, here is something for you , moron:Prove to us that the Crusades happened. Easy enough ?

It isn't that they are skeptical, it's that they know Obama is an untrustworthy POS.i am so proud of you Mr: President. This country loves you so much

"Rick  •  7 mins ago Report AbuseI take credit for running off another stinking ju named "TheMaddog"..."No way. You are a disgusting antisemite, an ignorant and LYING BIGOT. FACT.

"Syria regime expands use of cluster bombs: reportBy KARIN LAUB | Associated Press – 3 hrs agoTalk about mohammedan cluster feuks ......

The Marxist in the WH is not bright enough to con the Israelis.  BTW....where wasBarry when he took off with our embassy in flames?Where the hell was he for 8 hours?

I posted this comment on another board and so I place it here as well...Is this the same obama who said in his Cairo speech… “I have KNOWN islam on three continents before coming to the region where it was first REVEALED”. You can observe a religion; to “know” it, you must belong to it. And ONLY a muslim is going to describe islam as having been “revealed”. In the Cairo speech he also said, “…many muslims recognize that Israel WILL NOT GO AWAY.” That terminology would only be used by someone with a hate Israel mindset, not by a Christian. Loyalty to Israel is part of Christian life, and is non negotiable. Genesis 12:3 Still Cairo: “Americans are ready to join with citizens &amp; governments, community orgs, religious leaders, &amp; businesses in muslim communities around the world to help OUR PEOPLE pursue a better life.” “Our people”, he’s including himself, can only mean muslims as most Americans already have the best life possible. And he said, “The holy qu’ran teaches that whoever kills an innocent, it is as if he has killed all mankind, and whoever saves a person, it is as if he has saved all mankind.” His audience was muslims, so they know the rest of the story, which is that this “all mankind” in the qur'an refers to believing muslims ONLY!. Jews and Christians are never referred to collectively with muslims. In one of his speeches in 07/09, he said, "We will convey our deep appreciation to the islamic faith that has done so much over the centuries to shape the world," He went on to say, "To the people and leaders of the republic of iran, A great and celebrated culture. For many centuries your art, your music, your literature and innovation have made the world a better and more beautiful place. We know you are a great civilization and your accomplishment made have earned the respect of the U.S and the rest of the world". On the other side of the coin he either hides the fact or is ignorant to the fact that islam is coated in blood of the innocents. In the past 1400 years, Islam has murdered 270,000,000 nonbelievers. 80 million Hindus killed. 60 million Christians were slaughtered 10 million Buddhists died. 120 million Africans butchered and it’s still continuing to this very day!!!

"For Freedom  •  4 mins 40 secs ago Report AbuseLest we forget, the Khazar Judaists slaughtered 40 million Christians in Russia and Eastern Europe, 7 million Africans,.."--- Lest we forget that this dude is a mohammedan LIAR.

we just don't need US nor her president to back us up... we can solve our problem on our ownIsrael!

NOTE TO ISRAELIS: The American simian promises EVERYTHING

Mouk , how is your donkey ride to Constantinople ?

CRATESREL COMING RIGHT UP.....KABOOOOM !