is there anything banksters can do that will send someone to jail, anything

Bob...when hell freezes over my friend....they can do what ever they want , get away with it and start alllllll over again! but dont you or I try it...its only for that special one percent that keeps pooping on the 99 percent down here....blessings!

Better to apoligize,then to ask for permission. They steal,because they know there is no JAIL TIME. The laws seem to be base on financial considerations. Bottom Line. The Rich get fined,the poor go to Jail !!.

Dog. Did you get the part about, "DRUG DEALERS" ??

Besides all the banking and political crooks, and they will not be on trail. Get ready Americans! Google below and read... This can happen to us again as it did back in 1932... So keep track of your bank accounts... You don't have to worry about hackers so much, You have to worry about your sceeming bankers and govt who don't have you in your best interest.( Cyprus a national bailout "steals" 10% of everyone's savings accounts. )

Corporate capitalism: Make a buck anyway you can.

I think the real crooks in Argentina are the politicians and office holders--including the judges.  And starting at the VERY TOP--we will not mention her name.  The Argentine people are tired of (but used to) getting robbed by their own government.  The politicos are raking it in--the working folks are struggling to pay the rent and buy groceries.  Sure--divert attention from the real crooks by going after the foreign banks.  Oh, how far Argentina has fallen!  So sad!

so this is an ongoin criminal enterprise funded by illegal funds from illegal sources.  sounds like a RICO case to me.  seize all the funds and jail EVERY employee.  maybe that will send a message to the rest of the world that NO ONE is above the law, anything less sends the message that it pays to be a criminal.

I don't see the problem with money laundering as long as the money wasn't obtained illegally.

Argentina's economy is not that large and it is well segmented so any money laundering of this magnitude would be asking for trouble.  There just aren't a lot $100 million dollar deals in Argentina so anytime that much money is run through an company or account without the paperwork and goods to back it up it will cause problems.  HSBC should be fined for stupidity and the local people on the ground in Argentina should be cut loose to fend for themselves.

HSBC helped the Mexican drug cartels launder and now this! Will someone please arrest these crooks!the system is broken and we need to admit it and fix what is in the best intrest of the people, and we should be forcing the gov to lock these gangs up, they dress in suits and do more harm then the guy with a gun

First off I am Argentine, living the USA...I think Argentina has enough problems without them throwing out accusations to the UK or banks , anyone! Secondly, the way they have stagnated the economy not allowing citizens to buy dollars for personal use to the extent then when traveling abroad there is a limit of how many dollars you can buy ( talk about having to budget your expenses and pray not have an emergency while you travel ) makes me think that the Argentine government themselves are the ones laundering the money...and wouldnt that be sweet, since they have full power of the national bank ....who would know???

just give the new Pope his #$%$

Argentina, does like crooks; well Argentina should practice what Argentina preach.

Maybe in Argentina HSBC won't be too big to jail.The US didn't have the ***** to do anything meaningful about it.  A fine... big deal.

Show me a massive corporation that ISN'T corrupt.  : /

Arrest, provide a trial and imprison the perps.

Does this honestly suprise anybody?