Semper Fi...may God bless these fallen Marines, their family &amp; friends, and all members of the United States Marine Corps.

So very sad! In their own Country too! RIP and thank you for your Services and God Bless You! Amen!

thanks for your brave service

I do not understand why if they knew if anything went wrong it would take a 45 minute helicopter ride to a hospital that there was not highly trained medics at these training missions.Maybe not all would have been saved but it may have saved one person.

Life can be so harsh. I hate hearing of these tragedies, whether it's these Marines, other military personel, children being killed, planes/trains/cars/bus accidents, fires, etc...all so needless, so sad. Everyday, something. I wish there could be one perfect day, for all.

prayers for all families and friends

May you rest on peace and thank you foe your service.

Seven Marines, Rest in Peace, Thank you for your service.

They're in my thoughts and prayers.....  Semper Fi.

Harry Reid has no shame. He is a snake. Everyone in Nevada should band together and march in front of his offices.  HE NEEDS TO BE HUMILIATED.Very sad my prayers for everyone killed or hurt and there families, and thank you for your service. You people are the best, God bless.

Brothers in arms death is not in vain,Gods grace and his peace be upon them....Semper Fi.

Explosives are dangerous.  Whether it was a defective round, defective tube, an obstruction in the tube, or some other malfunction, the tools of combat have never been completely safe.  We try to make them that way, but that's an unobtainable goal.  It's pathetic that politicians try to gain leverage over this tragedy.  Marines give some of the best training there is and to try to blame this on "sequestration cuts causing lack of training" besides being untrue shows the warped mindset of some of todays politicians.  We don't even know what caused it yet... but we will.  Shame on you Harry!!!!

I've heard soldiers say that they didn't like mortars because of the danger concerningpre-detonation. It doesn't matter which way either, in the tube or right after they have exited the tube, Lots of Nam Vets will attest to this. On the other hand one of the Marines could have dropped a round, did something to cause it to be armed before being launched  and if the round is very old it could have been compromised. I don't think we will ever know the cause either. Investigating any remaining rounds from the batch that was being used could reveal more than anything else. It is a sad thing that our Marines had to die in this too. DOD cut backs are not responsible here but, old ammo, being used for practice, is more likely the cause. When I was an AO, 1968, we got a lot of old ordnance to practice with, some of it should have been surveyed and destroyed. We were lucky, no one was hurt. The thing I hated the most was the Korean war era 5 inch HAVAR rockets, a lot of the time they didn't work, then we had to take the misfires off of the planes much to our peril. God grant these men and their families peace and healing.RANT FINISHED

Harry Reid, the pomegranite king, implied the sequester was the root cause of this accident.  Further proof he is a moron.

Having worked training w/pyro 50+yrs,  I tell you "training is not safe" deadly accident happen.extremely sorry for the loss

#$%$ Harry Reid!!! Lets see if we get the truth from Obama...WHO caused this...another Fort Hood??? When Obama doesn't want you to know something, he just doesn't talk...maybe Hillary will faint again. The effing media goes right along. Meanwhile more good Americans die.

What you don't see in this article is that Harry Reid already blamed these deaths on the sequestration cuts, implying that the Marines died because they didn't have the funding for adequate training. Just google it.And the Marine Corps (through a spokesperson) disagreed with Reid's statement. The training was well planned in advance. Marine leadership would've cancelled this training event if budget cuts had indeed compromised safety.

Totally tragic:  RIP.

Mortars killing people?  Isn't that what they are designed to do?Semper Fidelis to all Marines on site, the families of those that died and are injured. No Marine likes to hear of the loss or injury of another Marine, I am no different. Weapons fail and at times kill service personnel, it happens in peace, it happens in war, it is a part of the danger of being a military person. In can't tell you how many times danger was near, it becomes respected and treated like a part of the job. Apathy and complacency are kept at a minimum but the law of averages, probabilities and the imperfection of man and machines takes over at times. The event is scrutinized, men and women are retrained and the military goes on.  It will happen again, hopefully a long time from now. A Jarhead.

Someone screwed up.  Mortars are simple and pretty safe as long as you're careful.

Only a #$%$ Senator like Harry Reid would blame this tragic accident on the sequester.  Yes, this DemocRat from Nevada is as despicable as politicians can be and links EVERYTHING to partisan politics!

Rip brave marines..thank for your service to our country. May your family find comfort at this time.

At home or abroad the ultimate sacrafice is still forever! May GOD bless these Marines! Semper Fi. My dear brothers!

My prayers are going out to the families, friends, and fellow marines of these brave young men who died and also to those who were injured or saw this happen.

Harry Reid is a POS for even mentioning the S word during this time of tradgedy.

"Town hall meetings" and the "TVA" come on really?

Obama responsible for that and more.  When the government continues to over spend and then has to cut the security from the military that protects this country.

This is so terrible!Made in China ?

Died way too young, our hearts and prayers are with them and each family.

Another gun zone

John H.  The remoteness of the location was explained as being similar for the conditions of Afghanistan.  Remote, dry, vast etc.  What wasn't mentioned, but I suspect is also a factor is the remoteness to generally populized areas. I imagine a lot of people don't want to live close to a training/research area where this type of training is conducted.  For all I know there could zoning restrictions preventing residetial, businesses..and hospitals within a certain distance of this type of testing range.  It is sad.  Many friends and family have lost a loved.

I think the incident will be investigated to no end. During my service in the Navy we had to practice loading nuclear depth charges. We used a dummy weapon filled with sand. Woe be to the loading crew that dropped one of them. It would be considered a nuclear incident and a investigation started immediately. Very nasty. I was the weapons loading chief on my aircrew and a lowly second class petty officer. I once had a junior officer at attention on the aircraft ramp very agressively chewing him out for not following my instructions.

Whoa wait a minute? Wrong participants being killed? Huh?

Prayerful best wishes for the full recovery of those wounded, R.I.P. to those who were killed, and sincere condolences for the families of all affected by this tragedy. In my many years of svc. w/ the Corps in various parts of the world, I've heard of maybe only 2 instances of accidents with the 60mm, but no such injuries to the crew, although I've served mostly with the riflemen, and most of my personal contact with the weapons plt.s were when I was Co. Gunny. Hope that this was not a result of "familiarty breeds contempt" accident which Co. Gunnies always tried to prevent throughout every Plt under their watch.

A mortar training site, and the nearest hospital is 45 minutes away by helicopter?  Did someone miss the course on "Operational Risk Management"?

Since Vietnam, we have lost more soldiers in training accidents than we lost in Vietnam, itself.

Isn't that just great. Brave American soldiers killed before they were being sent to a place we have no business being in. May they RIP.