Great Pics AP !!!

jet ski with a camel driving... just picture that...

94 meters = 102.8 yards or 308.399 feet.

A ship called a destroyer to bolster peace and friendship.What!!!!!!!!!!!!

IT HAS 4 OUT BOARD ENGINES AND SAILS.

Huffington Post has pictures, as do some of the Arab news outlets.

I would have liked to have seen  a picture of the future reef and fish home.

Ahmadinejad said that the West has learned from Iran's technical expertise that the country's nuclear capabilities cannot be eliminated?You wanna bet?

It's on a land locked sea. Should be easy to trace.

John Kerry's yacht is bigger than that.

"the deployment aimed to bolster peace and friendship"because, of course, a destroyer's only purpose is to spread love and harmony...How do you sink an Iranian destoyer? You put it in water.

gang.From my last profession, It was important to figure out what someoneomitted while they were talking and what they truly  mean when theywere saying something.There are many holes in what Iran is saying and also not saying.Just  my 2 cents worth in.

They really need to watch T V more,

America is capable of sinking Iran's entire navy from a thousand miles away in less than an hour.They have no clue.

Wow!  A ship.  I'm quaking in my boots now.

I have an idea why dont we wait till the last minute ,till Iran has a substantial military and navy to wipe them out , that way we can sustain maximun losses of our own!

30 knots....hmmmm. how many oars?

A neat looking inshore frigate.  Interesting to compare the weapons carried to those of the $700 million dollar inshore Littoral Combat ship the US is deploying to the Phillipines and Persian Gulf.  The Iranian one has more weapons (definitely influenced by Russian designs), and they cover the whole gamut of threats except for mines.  Hard to estimate the cost to the Iranians, maybe $30 million?  It is much smaller than the US vessel and doesn't have the internal bay for carrying 40 and 50 foot boats, but that could be added by modifying the design and adding around 500 tons to the displacement.The US Navy says their ship is not considered survivable if hit by something bib,  but it is assumed it will be part of a larger task force (hopefully), and is supposed to have air superiority.  Of course it is the technology and electonics that largely influence success in battle, but in a close in fight against low tech theats the Iranian ship stacks up fairly well compared to the $700 million dollar US model.  Not really comparing the same thing here, just interesting to note the two different ships by two very different navys that will be used for many of the same purposes.

....and it promptly sunk.

Iran must have found some gray paint for the lake destroyer. That blue-aquamarine paint they slapped on their subs is absolutely hideous.Gotta be a misprint,a destroyer only 300 feet long and capable of only 30 knots. We built bigger and faster during the first world war. This is at best a corvette or maybe a large missile boat or cutter. Only naval vessel of any concerns are the diesel powered submarines(aka snorters) that are ultra quiet at times(on battery power).

yep, nothing like a new war ship to bolster the cause of peace

A helicopter pad? Is that for the crew to escape when the ship gets sunk?

USS ClintonPerhaps the first ship of the next class of carriers will be the USS Bill Clinton. It will boast the ability to steer a course straight down the middle, but will have a tendency to veer to the left or toward large sums of money. It will be fueled by an unending supply of testosterone, which perpetually replenishes itself. Its presence will always be marked by chaos and destruction, but there will never be enough evidence to prove that it was really there. Maintenance of this class will be a nightmare as items will constantly disappear from the aircraft and wardroom furniture will mysteriously vanish.Its sister ship, the USS Hillary Rodham, will easily steer to the left or to the right, if you know what I mean. Keeping decklogs on this ship will be difficult, as there will be no knowledge of having been anywhere or having done anything. This ship will also run on testosterone but will require a much higher octane. This ship will be characterized by impulses to suddenly change homeports

1,400 ton isn't that a tug boat with a rocket launcher on it?

They better hope it floats better than their domestically made fighters fly.

Did they use a 3D printer to make this one too?

This constant saber rattling is disgusting. That boat would not be in the water 10 seconds if the US military was tasked with taking it out. The military industrial complex needs a huge standing army and endless war. This is a freaking nightmare.

A president of a country,any country,to declare in public speaches "to wipe out Israel" from the map,do not deserve credibility. He is a manace to world peace,just like the other "nut tweek" of N.Korea.

The AP reporters are as dumb as Yahoo's. Meters and yards are not the same. What does Israel and US military strikes on nuclear facilities have to do with a destroyer?its a bass boat with a machine gun mounted on one of the seat wells and plywood armor strapped to the sides.

it's a shame all those fine boats will have to be destroyed during the war with iran.

Propaganda!

Is the glue to join the plywood and cardboard compatable? Waterproof?

He said "the deployment aimed to bolster peace and friendship in the region."I always think Destroyer,when I think Peace and Friendship.

Well, it's not like they launched it on Like Michigan eh?

destroyer or destroyee.?

Love all the surly comments from the fools that think the world will remain static and we will always have the upper hand. The problem with that is - rogue nations eventually catch up if left unchecked. Just like Iran is going to become the next North Korea - nuclear capable, but even more dangerous. Then you smug chuckleheads can worry about becoming carbon footprints. We live in a country run by a president who is going to allow this to happen. That should be what you are talking about!

Oh, good! - more ships for our Navy's coral reef creation program!

What a provocation!  They launched a ship in their own waters.  We should attack them immediately before the ship is fully on line.This is getting ugly; its like 1933 all over again

Ok lets see....Launching destroyers, ramping up nuclear capabilities, producing its own fighter jets....yup, I wonder if Obama can see the writing on the wall, or does he think the sanctions are working.

hope it looks better than that little blue submarine they launched last year

Brilliant Strategy. Makes as much sense as building a Nimitz class Carrier and putting it in the Great Salt Lake. Or perhaps we snuck a Nuclear Sub into the Caspian Sea and Iran got wise.WE ARE NOT DEALING WITH AT&amp;T

Launching a destroyer in a land locked sea?  That's gonna tick off the neighborhood.

Iran soooo wants to be a big guy on the block.

Just great! This means they now have to get a helicopter.

Wonder how the Russians will view this?

looks something like the pt 109.

Built domestically by Photoshop Shipyard.Oh goodie - give our subs something to sink!

fire one fire two

Did Imadouchebag kiss the propeller?

It must resemble the Kon Tiki

Tick tick tick...............

Get your diving gear, We've got just the right spot for it !!

Perhaps Iran should manufacture equipment necessary for oil refinement, solar and wind. This would at least delay kicking-off WW-III...

They're going to make us laugh ourselves to death!!!

They launched it.  Does it actually float?

Wonder how that Trireme will hold up with a missile launching off of it?destroyer for peace and friendship? no wonder many people call him insane.he may call it that way if it was tall ship or yacht.

"He said the deployment aimed to bolster peace and friendship in the region. " Islam, the religion of peace.

Like the fighter jet they claimed they built that was exposed as "photoshopped?"

He said the deployment aimed to bolster peace and friendship in the region. There's that word again, peace...

I think our plan is to wait until they have all the elements necessary to make a bomb all in one place and then strike.  I have to believe even the Arab states don't want them armed; an exchange between Iran and Israel or the U.S. would create a radioactive cloud over the entire region.  Chernobyl had a greater effect on Russian and Europe than it did on the Ukraine.

Iran girding for war!

"domestically build"..... I doubt that, more likely build with the help of china and Russia .

Oh Noez!! Iran Launched a Destroyer!! Were in deep trouble now! Attention US NAVY: If you see a "Powder Pink" colored warship, RUN!!

Sleek Looking Ship.....I can see the Muslim influence it with the Help of Yahoo..........

Underestimating your opponent has historically proven to be a PERFECT strategy.It will last about 10 seconds against our navy.

Well, what a way to throw mud in the Russian eyes! Never said Ahmadinejad was anything but a little crazy.

So it's about one fourth the size of the average Carnival Cruise ship. Do they turn the ship to face a certain way while they get down on their hands and knees to pray or does everyone have a compass?

Does the fate of the Bismark come to mind.

They took Western political doublespeak (more military deployments to bolster peace and friendship).

Wonder how long before they send out a phony SOS so they can board an American ship to get information?

I hear strains of AC/DC "thunder struck " being played again in Iran.

Good, A target that is more clear...

That 's it, launch a warship in a landlocked sea. LOL

Is it named the Irantic, because when it sinks the irony will be glorious.Target Practice for ROOKIE U.S. NAVY Pilots.......have fun GUYS !

Now....how did they do that, with all of our suffocating economic sanctions?  We've piled so many up over the years that seem to only punish the innocent population, but not stopping or slowing their nuke or weapons progress.  Plenty of money for that.

"OOOHH!  AAAHH!"

And now the double-lined oil tanker it will be guarding.

94 meters (yards) long ?? So which is it.. meters or yards..

The captain was ordered to immediately sail for the Israeli coast; no excuses...

Putting a person, in a crows nest, Iran version of sophisticated radar.

I'm surprised it didn't sink.

God Bless the sailors as they are doomed in their first combat with the USA Navy.

Meanwhile and in a more urgent and pressing news, the Kardashians have decided to travel from their vacation house in Hawaii to their vacation house in Malibu...I heard it uses 2 tugboats.

Nice target

I launched a ship also.  Its in the bath tub for my great nephew.

If you do a Google image search, the Jamaran-2 frigate looks more like a converted fishing boat.

Oh, goody, another target to work with.

It is just a ploy to rival us up. It's like using a revolver when in a gun battle where you everyone is using machine guns.

No problem, 1 Haroon missile it will be at the bottom of the Gulf of Oman in 7 minutes or less

What no pic of the tin can.

Wonder how fast it will sink when hit with a cruise missile???

I bet that Destroyer will stop any future attacks on Iran's Nuclear sites........NOT..hahaSaves us money on targets.

Just another target that the US will have to Blow up when the time comes hope they have a large scrap metal place cause that is what it will be

Did Ahmadinejad just admit to wanting nuclear weapons?

One drone, one kill.

Nothing like a guided missile destroyer for proof of peaceful intent!!

Not a blue water addition to Iran's straw bottom fleet.  The Caspian has been landlocked for 5 million years.  Let Russia deal with this one.

Where's a picture of this pleasure yacht??

Big deal! The warmongers are trying to paint this as a provocation. Don't listen to these armchair generals. They're the ones who always push others into dying for their benefit.

wait until it hit a U.S ship , it will be flattened ..

The Media is scrambling for something to eclipse and cover the Benghazi survivor suppression story. Wait for something big to happen.Here is some food for thought ........falling oil prices mean less revenue for countries like Russia ( 2/3 of russia's revenue come from the sale of oil ) less revenue means unstable economy, unstable economy means chance for revolt by people against the putin regime .....solution ? putin comes up with a brilliant plan to keep oil prices high, keep on supplying Iran with arms so that middle east remains tensed , tension in middle east means high oil prices .these weapons that Iran is displaying is nothing but part of that well thought out plan .

Big Media will allow you to comment all you want about Iran, Ronda Rousey, Fallon and Timberlake, St Patricks Day receipes and much, much more. But there will no Headline stories allowed about the Benghazi survivors being suppressed and threatened by the current Administration.

No picture again.

Irans largest coffee packaging company has been ordered to deliver 10,000 empty coffee cans to the Iranian navy, the containers are to be used in what will be called the largest government bail out in Iranian history.

Yeahhhh .... Target practice !!

It will look much nicer sitting at the bottom of the Caspian sea.

And now the chest thumping will begin.

yahoooooooo sucks ahmad's testicles!

If it's anything like that sub that was announced several months ago (was that Iran?) it'll be more a threat to the sailors aboard than to any 'enemies'.

Oh Look! Iran is making targets!"94 meters (yards) long" so Yahoo editor Idiots which one is it? Meters or Yards they're not the same

How many paddles?

won't be too long, in 7 years or so, that Iran will attack Jesus Christ and FAIL. He's going to destroy all the nations that attempt to destroy Israel. Biblical prophecy. Come on, Iran..Make our day.hahahahaha

I wonder if they painted a bullseye target on it.

"He said the deployment aimed to bolster peace and friendship in the region". hahaha....all righty then...

Hope it's designed with a glass bottom so they can all watch themselves going down.

oh goodie...target practice.

Did it even FLOAT ?

Is this the famous Love Boat,'aimed to bolster peace and friendship in the region'

I bet they raised an old ww2 destroyer and refurbished it.1,400 Tons and 310 foot 'Destroyer', don't make me laugh. We have Fleet Tugs that may be only about half this size, but carry as much fire power(actually we probably don't arm our ocean going Tugs, except maybe that 25mm Chain Gun and 50's). Our Destroyers are twice as long and Displace 7 times this thing. This is what we called a 'Coastal Navy'.

If this is all they are relying on they are in deep chit.

did they paint it bright blue so you cant see it like the submarine

"the deployment (of this warship) is aimed to bolster peace and friendship in the region".Apparently iran's way to make friends is to point a gun at them, and soon it could be a nuclear gun.

How many rowers does it take to make it go?

Seems smaller the most of the yachts the Russians are building these days.

Say toy boat 10 times real fast

Artificial reef up coming in the Caspian Sea?

we should launch a cruise missile and let them get a real close look at it

picture?An Iranian Tin Can is just that.

Many people are ignorant of the education levels of the Iranian people.  They are not stupid, uneducated sand people as some in the media suggest.  I had a number of Iranians in my engineering classes and they generally did quite well.  They do have a right to their own navy, just like any other country.It appears to me that the Obama administration, under the influence of the Zionistas, will engage the USA in an undeclared war with Iran, and will not go through the legal processes under international law.  Make no mistake about this, Russia and other countries are taking note of this, and they are not playing around either.We cannot afford another war financially or militarily.  Congress has not declared war on Iran, or Iraq, or Afghanistan, or Syria ....Let's strive for peace instead, if at all possible.

Nothing a couple of tomahawks wouldn't take care of.

Future recreational diver destination.

I wonder why there is no picture.  I guess they are much better at building a fake plane than a fake destroyer.

A sovereign nation having a naval vessel off their own coast without asking permission from America first? Who do these uppity Iranians think they are?

If a war start that will be a good easy  practice target with the Turkish Navy who is equiped with British and US made war ships armed with the latest technology.Save them going to the scrap yard to get a practice target , good old Iran HOME BUILT BATH TUB

It's amazing that this inbred leader still thinks he might scare the U.S.  One day the last thing he'll see is a bright flash of light and that will be it.

There is no good reason for the USA to worry about what Iran does because they are going to end up in a nuclear war with Israel soon anyway.  I think we need to pull out of the Middle East and just kick back and watch the show at home on TV eating popcorn.  They have been fighting for thousands of years.  It's best just to let them go at it.

The Iranians are using their president as a measure for size,, and are creating the world's first munchkin fleet.Someone needs to look up the word destroyer and see what it means, It does not mean a tug boat, armed.

Iranian Frigate Jamaran (from Wikipedia)Jamaran is the name of a domestically produced Moudge class guided missile frigate[3][4][5] launched in early 2010 in Bandar-e-Abbas, Iran. Iran said that the design and building of Jamaran and the missile boat Paykan were among the greatest achievements of the Iranian Navy and the ship's launch marks a major technological leap for Iran's naval industries.[7][9] It is the first ship from four in its class. More ships in its class are under construction to be added to the Iranian Naval fleets in the Caspian Sea and the Persian Gulf soon. The ship is designed for a crew of 140.[10] The Jamaran class combines anti-submarine assets with other systems of weapons capable of dealing with surface and air threats as well.The Jamaran can accommodate a medium size helicopter and can also run a helicopter in-flight refueling (HIFR) operation when a helicopter approaches on the landing platform, which is not necessarily suited for landing operations.[17]Photo:w‌ww.irandefence.n‌et/gallery/showphoto.php?photo=5019Video:ww‌w.youtube.co‌m/watch?v=w5mGmy18ZSo

He dares obama to visit him.

Bit land-locked and over the top considering the region.

Hah, we'll see how forgiving the Russians are if the Irans even threaten anything down there.  Migs, Tupolevs, and Sukhois trump a piddly little destroyer anytime, especially when Iran lacks proper air support or supremecy.

If the Banker controlled Lame stream wants a war with Iran so badly, let the Banksters fight!

Can't comment on i Ran's achievements. yahoo SS is on high alert!

Is this "peace" destroyer propeller or paddle driven?

You will see Iran displaying more such weapons, Russia has stockpile of weapons, china is the no.2 defense spender in the world ......these two countries will keep on supplying weapons, technology to Iran .

Practice your guns everyday- John Paul Jones. Hey, Iran! I hope you are practicing your water survival techniques.Both  Iran and N. Korea are ready now.  God help us.

Isn't that sea a bit shallow for the naval battles?

I wonder if the helicopter that's supposed to land on this destroyer is as phony as this super jet fighter which turned out to be a fraud.

Uh oh. Here comes their little blue boat.

Bummer-----No Sonar on board.  Beware the "sticky bombs".

It should make a great homefor coral growth &amp; fish habitat...

Some posts below make fun of the ship, as needing oars and rowers. Come on, give the Iranians more credit than that. Give them their dignity! Its a wind-up rubber band operated propeller!!!

Do they use the rags on their heads to plug the leaks?  If so, they will not have enough rags when this destroyer is destroyed.

I had one of these once.It was powered by baking soda.One stinker in the tub and it would flip right over.

Did they paint a "Bulls Eye" on it.Did they paint a "Bulls Eye" on it.

1,400 tons! yuk, yuk, ha, ha, chuckle, chuckle, he, he, LOL!

Some po-dunk country will start a war and we will all suffer.

Unfortunately, when the ship got wet it turned into a sand dune.

Maybe Air Force One can take a photo of it on Mr Empty chair's latest vacation.

So that's where all of our "Aid" funds have been used for.

STOP WITH ALL THE F****** IRAN THIS AND IRAN THAT ALREADY! Start f******* worrying about North Korea!

Wherin heck are they getting all  this money???

That's cute, the "crazy guy" from Iran has a new tub-toy!

Parts Made in China.Sink it!

did they remember to close the screen dor this time???

"Both Israel and the United States have not ruled out military strikes against Iran's nuclear facilities. The West suspects Iran is pursuing nuclear weapons, a charge Iran denies.""Since 1992, Iran has been building a self-sufficient military, reportedly producing its own jet fighters, tanks, missiles and light submarines as well as torpedoes."noooo, Iran's not looking to build nuclear weapons.  they'll just stop with what they have now.  yeah, right!  *sarcasm*

"deployment aimed to bolster peace and friendship in the region." I don't think he'll win the peace prize award. He's more likely to start the third world war.

Re:  "There are multiple disputes between the nations that surround the Caspian — Iran, Russia, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan — on how the inland sea should be divided."Ok, I was beginning to wonder where the U.S. could stick its nose in next.  With Iraq out of the way, and Afghanistan fading, this looks like a typical opportunity for the U.S. to begin it's next "Vietnam".

Gee, those Obama sanctions are really working great.

admiral in the Iranian navy..."Chicken of the Sea"...   sorry, Charlie...

When this boat runs out of fuel, the crew can at least take off their turbans and make a sail.

Why are Americans comparing their country to Iran down here. C'mon people, U can't even finish ur own problems at home. Hw are u planning on taking on Iran?

it will make a great artificial reef in the near future.The ship is the size of a WW II frigate or early destroyer. Like the other ships of the navy designed for coastal waters. The Soviets will not even call this ship a speed bump

It looks formidable, and the camouflage paint job is impressive!

Lol... Gotta love Pres. "I'maretard".. the west has learned from iran's tech. expertise??  those chumps can't even photoshop a fighter jet correctly...

Well our "State" television says it ain't no big deal......LMAO

It will be easy to spot,, bright blue and 50 feet long..

That's what we call a target...

The Iranian SS Minnow...

I wonder if they painted the destroyer pink like they did one of their submarines?

"Meant to bolster peace and friendship" Sends out a destroyer battleship.Love the logic in this.

deployment aimed to bolster peace and friendship in the region...that's rich. LMAOWatch how fast it goes down  if Iran provokes the US Navy...

The destroyer will also be known as the SS Coral Reef if any hostilities break out.

Launching a destroyer for "Peace and Friendship", sounds like they are learning from the ways of the USA!!

Is it still floating this morning?

Does Iran get along with anyone?  Oh wait they are muslims, I guess I answered my own question.

Iran calls it a destroyer, the Fifth Fleet calls it a target......................................

Ahmadinejad jeopardizes the security of surrounding nations every time he opens his mouth.

He then ate his own puke and threw his feces at people passing by.

And the world just watches as these maniacs arm themselves to the teeth . Neville chamberlain anyone ?!

The newer they are the faster they sink....A destroyer on an inland lake.  How clever of the Iranians.

GoD@#$! Let Me SEE It!

Want peace send a missile cruiser  LOL

Perhaps it will accidentally sink.

And yes it's painted green too!   Not to worry though, it's just Ahmadinejad's way of celebrating St. Patty's day!

Can't see anything wrong with that.  They have a right to protect themselves.  They are not proposing war or aggression on other countries.  It seems that all the countries surrounding the Caspian have fleets there and they respect each others rights to be there.  So what is the problem?

This may be a violation of the 1000's of sanctions we and the UN put on them. Israel said they crossed the red line. Why are we not attacking with everything we got ?

What kind of wood did they build it out of?

Ahmadinejad said that the West has learned from Iran's technical expertise that the country's nuclear capabilities cannot be eliminated. What is he thinking?  He has one tiny ship and now he can defend the country?  He had better look at what happened in the county next door.

"After final tests" - they man waterproofing the rubber bands that power the propellers and replacing the screen door to the lower decks from the outside.That's awesome that Iran has launched another fishing reef for the Caspian Sea, all it needs is the proper location and it can be properly placed for new fish habitat.

Little boys with BIG sticks are always to no good

Does it also have fishing nets and traps on it's deck?

When are they going to re-float it?

Iran's navy runs off alka-seltzers..

Wow Iran is now a super power. Notice how all the big boys never pick on someone their own size. That's because the big boys have already secretly carved out the map of world domination. The big three.Rabble rousers will always be squashed in the name of "peace" - hallelujah!

Not impressed. Who profits from all the hyperventilation over Iran's midget sea monster, lol?US Military Industrial Complex, of course! When they aren't trying to scare us about phantom China menace, they are busy telling us that Iran's primitive sea vessel is somehow a threat to our supersonic navy.

So now they'll be practicing their water treading technique

apparently sanctions arent working. Takes a lot of money to build one of those.

Crew of 3000, somebody has to man the oars!!!"Iran has been building a self-sufficient military, reportedly producing its own jet fighters, tanks, missiles and light submarines."The IDF would tear it up.

Both little  and the big SATAN  have not ruled out military strikes against Iran's 78 millions . The West suspects sraHell has 500  nuclear time bombs and is pursuing nuclear weapons, a charge SATANyahoo has not denies

"Since 1992, Iran has been building a self-sufficient military, reportedly producing its own jet fighters, tanks, missiles and light submarines as well as torpedoes." This is laughable. Iran is not capable of this technology. These weapons and ships are modified hand-me-downs.

Still a toy, not important!

umm...a picture would have been nice.

is it baby blue so it'll match their wwII sub they built?

about time someone launched a better target drone.  I know the US Navy has to be tired of the typical targets.

Somebody needs to smash this cockroach!

Another sitting Duck Target for the U.S. Navy!

Tell you what... I was in the US Navy, and I wouldn't want to be in the Iranian Navy if it came to war with the US Navy. The Iranian Navy will all be at the bottom of the ocean 15 minutes after tangling with the US Navy.Potential.....,target practice!

That one will be on the bottom in about 5 minutes

I have a picture of an Iranian "domestically built" destroyer in my mind. It's similar to the Duct Tape Regatta we have on our lake every 4th of July.

Wake me up when it starts !!!

I hope they don't think it will be of any use. It could end up as Iran's first artifical reif

Row, row, row your boat gently down the stream, merrily, merrily merrily, merrily................EVERYBODY ALL TOGETHER NOW Row, row, row your boat gently down the stream, merrily, merrily merrily, merrily................

Since 1992, Iran has been building a self-sufficient military, reportedly producing its own jet fighters, tanks, missiles, light submarines, as well as torpedoes.( My guess is , Iran wanted to conduct trade and circulate their currency in the market which allows them to be an important regional power. Foreign intervention concluded it wasn't in their best interest to see Iran stabilized the region. In the end this is what has taken place with Germany during WWI and WWII. Germany Stabilizing Europe Economics.  )

That was kind  of stupid.  Where are they going to sail to, the other side of the Caspian sea?  Well, maybe Imanutjob is looking for more underground, underwater oil pipelines that he could splice into, or cut off.  Up there, it's probably Russia's pipeline, so go for it, losers.

there goes the price of gas

"He said the deployment aimed to bolster peace and friendship in the region. "  Yeah right.In a dispute with Russia in the Caspian sea, they would have to rename it the "Destroyed" in about 90 seconds.

No pictures ? So in other words they went to a boat show and bought a pontoon boat and mounted a shotgun on it ! LMFAO!!!

I bet anything that it's a refurbished 1960's Russian Destroyer. And a helicopter pad? I don't believe for one minute that the Iranians have anyone who can fly a helicopter with any decent skill.

This is probably a cutter or a destroyer escort but the new ones are lighter and faster.  Iran has more capabiluity in building its own military from help with the North Koreans. possibly China and Russia and certainly overall technology that is available in the internet which is amazing.

I hope it looks better than the submarine they made.

Does Iran think there is going to be a naval attack from the Caspian?  Who puts a navy in a landlocked sea?

that thing probably has about 100 mines stuck to its bottom after it hit water

I don't think I've seen that many oars in the water since the Cleopatra movie.

All these posts about Iran being the super power of the middle east?? I hope you don't really believe that. They are about as much as superpower as Kuwait.

who is gonna protect their destroyer from our submarines?????and here we have anderson pooper kissing a old lady .

I heard that carnival cruise lines built it .

Must be a type built with clear acrylic or some new wicked cloaking device, cause I don't see it.

So, has anyone except the Iranian Press seen this thing, or are they still working some photoshop magic on it?  If it is half as good as the "fighter plane" they unveiled last month, it is actually about a foot and a half long and is floating in a swimming pool.  Not much point having this in the Caspian, the Russians will laugh at them if they try to use it to make trouble.  Their other neighbors will simply invest in mid range missiles and sink the silly thing like the Argentines did to the British.

Iran is defying the West.  I gruelingly admire its courage, but I fear for its citizens as they will suffer the collateral damages that accrue to the war's loser.

How do you sink and Iranian destroyer?  Take a #$%$!

I wonder if they removed all the brass fixtures from their destroyer from it's earlier days as a 70s era pleasure yatch owned by the Shah. I've seen more impressive destroyers holding more helicopers hosting cabanna parties on the main deck and piloted by a budweiser holding guy in a Hawaian shirt. Of course, I had to navigate to google to see them. Thank God for google. If the world was Yahoo, we'd all be blind.

No worries. Sara Palin is keeping an eye on it from her porch.

And where is Iran getting its military equipment and materials? Russia and China. Those are our "friends." That's what you are supporting by shopping at Wal-Mart. Keep funding our enemies, shoppers!

i see no picture their waiting for the model glue to dryWhom are they going to destroy in completely closed Caspian Sea? Sturgeon?

Does it run on Baking Powder, Had one of those when I was a kid,It will make a nice reef soon!!!!!

Lame Stream Propaganda!

Probably photo shopped.

Have no fear John F Kerry will issue a stern warning.

amazing what they are making out of paper mache these days.

If not for the Russians, we'd have a much better relationship with Iran now. Moscow screws with us more than our political leaders let on. That Putin is one MAJOR... you know what I mean.

so what?

Propaganda!

If US is EVER going to have an ally in ME, it will be Iran. The rest take US $$ and backstab. Iran has power, capability &amp; resources to actually do something. It has proven its loyalty in Syria &amp; Lebanon, under harshest conditions. Only if US politicians were not such idiots.Be careful, they are using Morse Code now.

BTW, Iran and a few other countries now have operational surface-to-surface and air-to-surface anti-ship missiles that can easily take out anything the U.S. and other countries have afloat, period. There better be something(s) in the U.S. and other ship-defense arsenals that can counter this, or we WILL lose an aircraft carrier or two to it at some near-future point.

Best not to underestimate your opponent.

Let's see if it actually floats

If this ship is anything like their latest jet fighter, it has a windup motor and "made in China" stamped on the bottom.

You want to see the picture. Go to Presstv and add this:/detail/2013/03/17/294010/iran-launches-jamaran-2-destroyer/

I will now use this as a rationale to allow the Soviet Union to build battleships in the Caspian Sea for future games of Axis &amp; Allies.

What, what are they worried about war with Kazakstan?  Why on earth would they build a warship on a sea that doesn't have an outlet to the wider oceans?  On the other hand, there is less of a chance it'll get sunk by us in some crisis or other...

94 meters long?  1,400 tons?  That makes is, um - teeny weeny.

Clueless in Iran.they are sailing it into the Atlantic next week

HA,HA,HA!!!!

...and that Monkey is the ship's captain.

how many oars does it have ?

1 tin can oh may let me quiver in my boots another YAHOO BLUNDER? a 1400 ton can ain't know threat YAHOO do some homework our "DD'S-DDG's/DE's-FFG's are far larger and far more powerful?? now  here's one for you YAHOO!! " 1BOOMER/FAST ATTACK BOAT or 1 1400 Ton Iranian tin can now you tell me who would control the Caspian Sea?? not to mention or leave out our 100% kick your butt all over the planet our always ready 24/7 "CBG'S-AMPHIB BG's"??? Well YAHOO we an espically us ex/retired NAVYpersonnel what y'all think constitutes  this as a threat? I don't think y'all would know a Maritime/Naval threat if it bit you in your YAHOO ARS?? and "FYI" retired W4 40 yrs.KOREA/VIETNAM-BROWN WATER NAVY?? and many other class's of ship's too? "CVA-CVN-CV'S/DD's-DDG's/CG's-CGN's?? if I made a mistake on any ship class's I'm sorry my eye's arn't as good I hate getting old but to my younger NAVAL-MARINE shipmates y'all know what I mean.GOD BLESS Y'ALL and keep her in the wind..

probably a toy destroyer. even if they have 1 it won't change a thing , a u.s submarine probably, under it watching every move.

TAP DANCE -- "Our nuclear projects are for medical and peaceful purposes "... When referring to military use," our nuclear capabilities cannot be eliminated"... Sounds like a benign country that can be trusted to me !!! Time for more pressure and inspections to validate claims , or to nullify the possible threat. Iran "nuking" our country is the smallest threat at this time. In the hands of rational nations , the threat is lessened -- in the hands of fanatics and extreemists, anything is possible

Get a grip, people!  It's one (1) destroyer.  In World War II, we built over 500 of them.  It's ina body of water that has no access to an ocean.  I know paranoia can be fun, but Jeez!

Show us the row boat.Yahoo when you print junk like this at least let us have a laugh show us their destroyer.

The destroyer, that will soon become the destroyee.Is it blue like the sub?

Its not a coincidence that Iran launched this warship just before Obama visits Israel where Iran will think that the U.S. and Israel are plotting an attack on Iran. I expect more military news about Irans military might this week. They will say that they have a drone that can fire missiles or a new missile thats more powerful then the last one without any proof. You will see, stay tuned.

Oh boy! Another target!

Gosh, I hope it's not as high-tech and scary as their plastic-model &amp; plywood fighter mock-up fake plane. Or their teeny, tiny, baby-blue diesel submarine that dives real fast (but has a hard time resurfacing!) The flying boat-planes, the dreaded space-monkey program...Iran must model it's military after COBRA from the old 1980s GI Joe cartoons!

i  hope  the  rubber  ban  breakes  and  it  sinks

Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale,A tale of a fateful tripThat started from this persian portAboard this tiny ship.The mate was a mighty sailing man,The skipper brave and sure.The passengers set sail that dayFor a three hour tour, a three hour tour.The weather started getting rough,The tiny ship was tossed,If not for the courage of the fearless crewThe minnow would be lost, the minnow would be lost.The ship set ground on the shore of this uncharted desert isleWith MahmoudThe Ayatolah too,The revolutionary guard and his 10 wives,The persian adult starRafsanjani  and Khatami,Here on Ahmadinejad's Isle.

I see those sanctions are really working.

lame

Awww they got a new dingy.

Hell of way to get your peace a frendship motives acrossIt would make a nice reef for fish

Didn't read the propaganda, just wanted to see a picture of the boat.When I signed into yahoo they had a propaganda pic of a unarmed drone. What's that about?

It's about time somebody in he middle east gave us something worth shooting at! Wake up, your toy boat is nothing, the US can blow that dingy out of the water faster than Iran can launch it.

Its an old carnival cruise ship , with  a few changes.

"aimed to bolster peace and friendship in the region" ... ya right..thats what iran is known for...hahahahaha

Good for the Iranians, the Caspian Sea need a new artificial reef.

a new artificial reef.

Just another target.

Gee, Iraq did absolutley nothing to us and we attacked them...Iraq is spitting in our face and threatening us with preemptive nuclear strikes and we do nothing to them!

Wow! Look sanctions are working their building war ships!With all the joking about this Destroyer, was does the US make such a big deal about an Iranian threat?

Glad to hear they are building them .  This should be good for a laugh.

These media reports about Iran and it's intentions of developng nuclear weapons, are beginning to get old....Iran will do what it wants to do, when it wants to do it....I have been reading media reports for 15 years about how close Iran is to developing nuclear weapons.

Target acquired.

Guided missile destroyer...translation.......5 guys with slingshots sitting in a john boat with a 10 hp mercury.

Did you hear about the Iranian Admiral who wanted to be buried at sea when he died? Five sailors died digging his grave.

There goes the neighborhood; there was no need for a destroyer in that tiny sea. Iran is just going to start an arms race with its neighbors. There can't be no peace with those clowns around.

If it is as good as their fishing fleet, I expect we will be towing it back to harbor soon enough.  They don't have enough fuel to keep the lights on, but they are building ships that burn hundreds of gallons of fuel oil a day.  Great planning guys.

They call it a war ship, I call it a TARGET.

i Ran should be nuked today!I looked up a picture. Their ship is very similar to ours. And by ours I mean ships that we used in WWII.

If Islam is peace.  Then why are they arming themselves?  I am so tired of these lunatics.  If we are so against terrorism, then lets hit the Iranians!  I remember the 1979 hostage crisis and the killing of the General.  Beirut also.  All known to have been sponsored by the Iranians and Hezbollah, party of god supposedly!  Well lets show them that our God is a God of VENGENANCE!  Vengenance is mine sayeth the LORD!!!  At least our God doesn't pretend to be something he isn't.  The Devil is the pretender!  I will worship God Almighty before I will bow to the Islamic faith!

Iran launches destroyer in the Caspian Sea...obama  at ribbon cutting ceremony.

USN Rail Gun target.

Getting nukes, a war ship and really arming up to the teeth...wonder why???   Anyone paying attention.  Iran was kept in check by Iraq....but not now.  They have been and still are totally war like people.  No one to keep them beat down...so get ready folks..they are looking for a fight and they will find one.

All of the world's punks have gotten bigger balls ever since Bam-Bam took charge.

ahmadinjad was in heavy talks with quaker oats company to hire cap'n crunch to pilot the destroyer

Ya, we know that destroyer, it was made here in the USA, by Mattel Corporation.LoL!

Americans are so foolish to think Iran has a weak military they trade a lot with Russia and those oil revenues are spent mostly in self defense.

I hope someone blows it out of the waterWhat's really sad is that Israeli and American defense contractors probably tried to get some of the bids to build it. We bend over backwards to get bids on their nuclear power plants and then condemn them publicly. How do say... "hypocritical"?

Just the kind of ship that could place a crude Nuke in the middle of 50,000 US sailors and a couple, three Aircraft Carrier Task forces. The blast would send a radio-active titlewave over the entire area, ending oil production in the entire area for many years and shutting down the Wests economy. Something to think about.

I name of the ship ought to be "The Tip Toe". God, I hope they're careful with that thing.

What kind of wood did they use?

if you really we can't get to you  , your a crazy man  , they can drop nuke in your bed , sleep tight

Now that is funny!  Caspian Sea is drying up, so Iran decides its time for a Caspian Sea Naval Fleet to show everyone who is boss in this area.  It will only take a single good sized missile to sink it.

Life expectancy if it messes with US ships - 10 minutes.

They have commissioned yet another blue plastic model ship.  It most likely is armed with that single missile on its deck!!!

Three bets; 1. We rush to war with Iran.  2. We add the cost of this war to our 16 Trillion debt.  3. We go broke.

let's see how fast we can sink all their toys...and they want nukes??? we have a few thousand to spare that we could deliver at a moments notice...The destroyer is aimed to bolster peace and friendship in the region. That is a great line.How the hell is waving weapons around supposed to bolster peace and friendship?

What Iran calls "Mighty",, Americans call it "Sittin' Duck".

Is this destroyer anything like the 'domestically built' Iranian submarine that looks like two Porta-Potties welded together?

We can blame Carter and Reagan for doing NOTHING to help this situation. If they had been more aggressive militarily from the beginning, we might not be reading this news story. They can keep building up their military- but what they fail to understand is that we have unlimited power to wipe them out to a point where they will only be a footnote in the history books!

My nine year old just built a domestically produced Lego ship.

as a former intel person, where is a picture so we can analyze this threat. this is a foreign vessel and this information should not be classified.

it will be sunk, bet on it.

We have learned from Irans technical EXPERTISE huh ? What we have learned is to use one shot to put anything they produce on it,s back,take it out of the sky,or put it under the waves! And then watch their POWERFUL Guards units run like a disturbed ant heap!! They really should hope they don,t PI$# us off!

Did it float?

Saw pictures on Google..i'm actually impressed, it doesn't look that badI did not know they had that many trees....

How many crew members does it take to paddle it?

Caspian Sea?  What, they afraid it might sink?

A 300 foot Destroyer that can do 30 knots?  BAH HA HA HA HA HA HA!

Iranian leadership had a couple of billion ($) for a new destroyer but not enough $ for basic medicines for their citizens.

Oh, he forgot to add it is stealth capable so there are no photos.  The crew is voluntary as well.  He let it be known it would be going against the American Navy and the odds of survival will be ... lets say not real good.  But he is assured they are lining up all those virgins so they are prepared.

"Ahmadinejad said that the West has learned from Iran's technical expertise that the country's nuclear capabilities cannot be eliminated.""The West suspects Iran is pursuing nuclear weapons, a charge Iran denies."Ahmadinejad really makes it easy to believe him with the rhetoric he spews doesn't he?

What's the point? Within decades the Caspian sea will dry up.

No pic's?

Caspian Basin is why the U.S. has been trying for 40+ yrs to get control of "Afghanistan"or deal with Iran, water way!   First attempt was 1980 Reagan/CIA, "armed, trained, supplied a "Mujahideen Rebel Group (BIN LADEN  a member) run Russians out of Russia....1st Gulf war by Bush Sr., put troops on most holy soil in Islam Religion "Saudi Arabia" home of BIN LADEN! Sent BEN LADEN over the cliff, AMERICANS GOT 9/11....Republicans got their wish to enter AFGHANISTAN..... Pakistan is the most unstable country with WMD, that is our "Ally on Terrorism" that BIN LADEN found refuge in when weakened, and lived under the noses of the Pakistan Gov. last 6yrs of his life before BIN LADEN WAS TAKEN OUT!  So why are we 12yrs later still in AFGHANISTAN?    OIL,GAS, CASPIAN BASIN....More Republicans then Democrats are hell bent on staying in and controlling Afghanistan. Stated by Republican Senator, McCain, we should stay in Iraq 100 yrs if need be....so he must think the same about Afghanistan!Iranian Frigate Jamaran (from Wikipedia)Jamaran is the name of a domestically produced Moudge class guided missile frigate[3][4][5] launched in early 2010 in Bandar-e-Abbas, Iran. Iran said that the design and building of Jamaran and the missile boat Paykan were among the greatest achievements of the Iranian Navy and the ship's launch marks a major technological leap for Iran's naval industries.[7][9] It is the first ship from four in its class. More ships in its class are under construction to be added to the Iranian Naval fleets in the Caspian Sea and the Persian Gulf soon. The ship is designed for a crew of 140.[10] The Jamaran class combines anti-submarine assets with other systems of weapons capable of dealing with surface and air threats as well.The Jamaran can accommodate a medium size helicopter and can also run a helicopter in-flight refueling (HIFR) operation when a helicopter approaches on the landing platform, which is not necessarily suited for landing operations.[17]Photo:w‌ww.irandefence.n‌et/gallery/showphoto.php?photo=5019Video:ww‌w.youtube.co‌m/watch?v=w5mGmy18ZSo

Kiram tu kose madare mojtaba khamenei

Thanks AP.  You forgot to mention that this destroyer is do stealthy that even cameras can't take a picture of it.

Iran launches destroyer in the Caspian Sea - APJust another example of how arms embargoes only work against non-industrialized nations. Any country with  even a moderate industrial base will simply tool up their own defense sector to fill their military needs. In the end, the strategy of embargoes is self-defeating. The Americans proved that in 1776 and the Iranians, Pakistanis, North Koreans and others are demonstrating that nothing has changed i that regard.

Not quite sure what we're waiting for...

Lots of j$ws posting today.

Go ahead Iran, try something and the next thing that will happen is this. Your new destroyer will become an artificial reef!  Reminds me of the German Navy during WWII. How long did their battleships last?

Well they have territory in that region Sounds logical to me...Oh wait this is Lame Stream Propaganda!

Isn't Greg Normans yacht bigger than this?

Iran is being used by putin in Russia , he is supplying  Iran with arms, supporting syria .....I wonder why putin would do that ? is the ongoing tension in middle east beneficial to Russia and if so, how ? maybe Russia can keep the oil prices high by such tacticsSounds like a plan to me......  population is suffering and the government is building destroyers to sail the Caspian Sea......  kinda like making a boat to sail in your bath tub.....  not exactly an extension of Iranian national will......  except perhaps that the fish in the Caspian sea (known for its caviar) may be intimidated by this and stop laying eggs for the warmongering, imperialist, capitalist American elite to enjoy.   Oh MY....... what a shocker!  Next they'll stop exporting Persian carpets!   How WILL we go on?

It's just muscle flexing by Iran. By the way, as much as we make jokes of them we should also consider that they can be dangerous. There are too many cooks out there and we must be careful with whom we mess with.We have Pakistan as a questionable ally, we have Afghanistan as an issue-- which we don't know really what to do with yet. We have NK as a pain and and we have Iran too.Then believe it or not the government of Iraq is really not our friend either.They appreciated Saddam's ouster, but then things went downhill quickly. Their religious nuts will win again, but with a lot of infightin, leaving the average person helpless.

Caspian Sea?  Where are the American ships?  Oops!  Iran thought it was the Persian Gulf!

Like floating in a BIG bath tub. They are afraid to put one on the OCEAN. Otherwords-WHO CARES?

I bet it's made of wood.

"There are multiple disputes between the nations that surround the Caspian — Iran, Russia, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan — on how the inland sea should be divided."In other word, its not really a sea. The Caspian is actually a huge lake. Really.The Iranians put what they claim is a high-tech destroyer in a landlocked body of water, where it is within range of missiles from our ally (and their old enemy) Turkey, as well as Russian and other former Soviet Republics. Talk about missile bait.

a destroyer???

So that's 1 ship against how many?

We the people can't sac-up anymore, tire old horses-quiters in need of more money. Sick needing hospital work for low bid, wall street suckers and ponzi scheem junkies.

The Iranians launch a military boat in the body of water bordering their own country!!!! How dare them!All the follower of the pervert terrorist prophet sunni and shia will join hand in hand to destroy the west but the thing is they will destroy each other first, If only the far enemy the west could stay away in the fight.

This idiots (mahmoud amadinejad's) rationalizations of becoming a superpower are the same as the hallucinations of Hitler, Stalin and the other idiot of today in north korea. (Certain names and countries are not misspelled, they just do not deserve capitalization!) If they would read history, they would realize by now, that countries of their size are never able to be dominant. In ahmadinejads case, the fact alone that history tells him, is that the Arabs never have been able and never will be able to unify as one cohesive group and accomplish anymore than blowing lots of HOT AIR. That Destroyer and all his Aircraft would be wiped out in a few minutes if he would be so foolish to provoke a conflict!

Iran IS NOT seeking a nuclear weapon!  were trying too build one!  for peace purpose!  Right next too where we build weapon, is a baby milk factory, making milk for peaceful babies, in peaceful country, for purpose of peace, Even  if we were to seek newclear weapon it would only be to guard Baby Milk Factory, a peaceful factory, for babies, no no no bomb here, did we say it was for babies! We are ready for talks since money almost gone, Peaceful money held by west for peaceful baby milk factory! Shame baby so hungry, west let babies go hungry!

So this is a FIRST EVER and they could not provide us a photo of what it looks like.  Why?  Does it have Klingon Stealth technology?

It's a 21' Bass-Tracker with twin Remington 12 gauges mounted bow and stern.

Is the destroyer photoshopped like their 5th gen fighter was?

That'll frighten everyone.

Good now sink it.

war on the horizon...gotta use that oil...they dont care if they win or lose....its all economics

How many "oarsmen" does it take them to get to 30 knots?Nothing says peace and friendship like a destroyer......and the nukes that thier building are for peaceful purposes only....just ask AhmadineNUT...

Torpedo that BlTCH!!!!!!!

It will make a wonderful artificial reef

Good luck with that.  We will pluralize your "a" destroyer if you choose to get out of line :)

Who Cares.....

How many rowers does it have?

I got ten bucks says we can sink it with just a drone.

Iran keeps denying that it is building nuclear weapons. The day will come when it admits it is building them and will use the excuse that the West forced them to do so as a matter of survival.They are not so clever and we are not so naive.

Iran lies as much as Obama,make a good couple!!!!

I hope it's not like their stealth fighter...If the sophisticated radars actually even work will surprise me, and when the volkswagon engines give out, it will be beached, like a dead whale..I say in 3 years.....

ANY country that boast eliminating another country should be dealt with quickly and efficiently

Tell them they forgot the paddles.

You know what the U.S.Navy Submarine Force calls surface ships?....."Targets"

Any bet that the destroyer is either a Russian's mothball or Chinese gift of favor.Get real Iran is a technologically backward third world nation living on one sourceof income from oil. Like China, it would probably be sailing an aircraft carrier if itcould find one redundant carrier in the Russian naval junk yard.

I want to once again, thank Jimmy Carter. Iran invades U.S. soil, takes our people hostage, which under international law is an act of war, and all he does is launch one failed rescue attempt.  Because of Carter being a wimp, we're still dealing with Iran as a major threat. He should've stayed on the peanut farm!

How exactly does a 'DESTROYER' promote peace and friendship??? If they believe that, then let's send a real one to their front door and see just how friendly they are. The real test will be when they want to send it out to sea and their oarsmen get too tired to keep paddling. "Ramming Speed!!! STROKE...STROKE...STROKE"

This makes a lot of sense.  Put a destroyer (however that is defined by Iran) in an enclosed body of water.  Way to show your military dominance (or dumbinance).  HAHAHAHAHAHAHA

sink it now

Well they better think twice before firing on a US ship, I'm sure we have classified weapons that would take it out in a heartbeat.The Russkies will sink it when the time comes.

I have read that the engines are a bit noisy though with the sounds of "STROKE...STROKE..." being detected by local fishermen!!!

now they can intimidate fishing boats and big fish

Does their new destroyer have gold curtain rods and blue carpeting?

it is becomng a power that must be rekoned with

did it sink upon entering the water?

How does the presence of any warship bolster peace and friendship?

This military program will soon get its first-test when it takes on the USA, UK, France and Israel.  There will be massive collateral damages, but it won't kill Iran, it will just make it better.

easy target

Hammered together with roofing tin stolen from North Korea.Just one more Iranian naval vessel to sink if necessary.

Its a really bad rowboat with a bottlerocket launcher on the bow. The bottlerockets explode after they react the maxium range!!!

On March 5th 2013, it was the first time ever that a country tried to prevent a nuclear war by organizing a concert. You never read about it in Yahoo, so here it is:Israeli singer Rita's special surrealistic concert at the UN General Assembly, 5 March 2013, in the United Nations General Assembly Hall.UN Ambassador Prosor has pulled off one of the most unusual diplomatic achievements ever: a full-fledged UN-sponsored Farsi-Hebrew musical event full of goodwill and sympathy

light submarines are the... torpedoes.

How big do you think those oversized (big enough for a camel) hamster wheels are??

How many sets of oars does it have?

What the article fails to disclose is that the ship sank 1 hour after it's launch! Ahmadinejad was heard to say, OOPS!

"Iran launches destroyer in the Caspian Sea" Headline Should read " Practice Targets Placed in Caspian Sea For US Fighters "

in response king obama launched a PT boat on the Great Salt Lake

it just became a canidate for ships to reefs program good for the fishermenIn 1986 President Reagan ordered the US Navy to destroy the Iranian Navy..It was done in 3 days..This time it will be like shooting fish in a barrel..hahahahahahahahahahah

" bolster peace and friendship" I wonder, who wants iranian version of friendship.

"He said the deployment aimed to bolster peace and friendship in the region". You see it only for good.  Ya that's the the ticket.

Ahmadinejad got the idea for the Destroyer while playing with his little boats in the bathtub.

they launched it as soon as the glue dried

Is it nuclear powered?

It amuses me to see that some post with western sounding names. Yet the thought and typed comments are anything but western. Lots of self bloviating drivel.

It's actually a light frigate rather than a guided missile destroyer. Regardless of what it's called by the Iranians anything we have can kill it in a millisecond.

John boat......

Iran launched a domestically built destroyer in the Caspian Sea on Sunday? Probably they are planing to expand their #$%$ brand of Islam in this region too..Only reason Iran is a issue is they don't support the US fake monopoly money soon to collapse.

Country that jeopardize the region, does this mean iran will be fighting against its self?

Yeah! More practice targets for the Military.....

Sink it and blame it on the North Koreans.

A chip shot for one of our subs.

Just another target for the U.S. to pluck out of the water...Happy sailing boys....BAHAHAHA

why you american worried about another countries, you goverment destroyed iranian democratic regime in 1953 and also helped islamic group to overtrow shah in 1979. leave this nation alone .

good lets use it for target practice

People can laugh and joke about the quality of Iranian built military hardware all they want. Maybe it isn't the best quality. It does have a number of very deadly destructive weapons on board. It could still get off quite a number of deadly destructive shots before anyone ever sunk it. Nothing funny about death and destruction.

They will have a full complement of photoshop experts onboard to show the world their stealth jets!Let the Russians deal with it.

where is the pic of the little boat?

Given the green light, Israel could destroy Iran in less than 45 minutes.SIMPLE AS SIMPLE GETS !!!!Aside from being bi-sexual, not that there is anything wrong with that, Ahmadinejadt placys with himself too much. I would like to see him and Kim Jon Un wrestle with baby oil.TWO VILE FREAKS of NATURE !!!!!!

This just in, Iranian destroyer loses power after wooden oar snaps, rendering ship only slightly more useless than before it was launched.

who would have thought it? a nation that has never built an automobile has now built a destroyer. What are the odds that its made from balsa wood and it sinks in a month? hahah

Iran needs to be stopped GOD BLESS ISRAEL

I wonder if has an Evinrude or a Johnson.

A raft in which they throw rocks from?

Israel, fight your own war. We can help with drones, missile defense and some money. That's about it. No more American casualties.

I hear it also has a glass bottom so it can see the remains of the old Iranian navy.How far does it get before they have to rewind it?

their so-called destroyer is just like their fake stealth aircraft

Do the guns shoot stones?

Iran launches destroyer in the Caspian Sea. It is reported to have as many as 8 paddles and a flotilla of rubber ducks with muzzy beards escorting it.

Good for Iran. Every body is waking up. We r no longer at that time when only the US could do this stuff. Go ahead; you can make it

Hope its better then their steath fighter.OH its a steath ship, so you cannot see it, maybe they will super impose it on ocean like they did the fighter!

Hey Hussein time to bow and apologize.

I bet it's not as intimidating as their sub !!!

You jealous Americans ;D

Four SEALS and a small boat could take it out.......It will take us 4 and 1/2 minutes to obliterate this tugboat. All we need is the go ahead.

Drill Here, Frack Here, Refine Here, and even Pipeline Here, and you Just won't Care!  and as a side benefit, We get more jobs, lower energy prices, and energy security.  Of course all of that is "lost" on the current Administration.  No one has a clue what they want..

1400 tons isn't a destroyer....it's a dingy

Ahmadinejad said that the West has learned from Iran's technical expertise that the country's nuclear capabilities cannot be eliminated.....enough said!!!!

"The West suspects Iran is pursuing nuclear weapons, a charge Iran denies."LOL  Only an independent and objective reporter like "Nasser Karimi" could end an article with that last line.  Especially when within the article itself there is this line:"Ahmadinejad said that the West has learned from Iran's technical expertise that the country's nuclear capabilities cannot be eliminated."

"Winkin,Blinkin, and Nod one night sailed off in a wooden shoe..."  Theyare good at 3-D computer printing...but like their heads it"s empty.

In a confrontation with the U.S., they can then tell everyone about their NEWEST underwater destroyer!

will make a really nice artifical reef someday if things keep going like they are now.

It seems kind of small to be called a destroyer. Iran should have christened it "Dingy" after their President.

Haha they launched their new toy ship in a bathtub. Probably afraid it will be sunk if they launch it in a real ocean.They are building war ships while their people are doing without, that sounds a lot like us.

What kind of jjeewwz newz comments would youexpect from paid jjeeww trolls....?Hopefully,  iran will gain all the weaponry necessary todefend itself from the jjeeww regime of our sick amerivitz.Down with the jjeewwz newz monster monopoly.Up with president ron paul.Don't be convinced by the aipac manipulating of our phoney elections....and rand paul.They have trojaned ron's tea party with meckler, schiff....and spanics like cruz, etc.Our media must be free of jjeeww controllers.Maximum speed to iran.

Not sure I would refer to a, "Tugboat", as a destroyer!  Maybe a, "soon to be destroyed boat" would describe it better!

I bet they have to really wind up the rubber band to get it to move!! I think my bass boat is more of a threat!

Did they paint it turquoise like the submarine or bright orange?

The US need not worry about the Iranian launch of a destroyer in the Caspian Sea, rich in oil and natural gas. Russia along with Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan can handle the situation in Caspian Sea regarding the dispute over the territorial waters of the Caspian Sea.But US has to be worried about the naval build up of Iran in the Persian Gulf which poses a threat to all countries in the Persian Gulf area and the US interests in the Persian Gulf.

Don't they know that cardboard will soak up the water and fall apart?

There's no way that the deployment of an instrument of war promotes peace!

More like a sooped-up Zodiac Dinghy ... at best!

03-17-2013  The nuclear capability and question of  the Jamaran-2 [a moving missle-platform beyond Iran and the Caspian Sea!  So no one is really worried, watcing and having all ready targeted the Jamaran-2.  Is this a pre-test by Iran for the North Korea Navy.  (EQ)cc:	- File (EQ)- contact_whitehouse_gov (Administration:  Pres. Obama)Message to Iran: Want a piece of the USA???  No problem!!

neet. More stuff to blow up when USA takes your country from you. We should not help them anymore. I mean all of the mid east. they are so ungrateful.

#$%$, no more caviar!

Arleigh Burke class destroyer in the US Navy is 505 ft long and the newly planned Zumwalt-class destroyer is 600 ft long. Both classes can go over 30 knots. This new Iranian destroyer is only 300 ft long so I don't think anyone is too concerned. Like bringing a BB gun to a gunfight.

It doesn't matter that this "highly sophisticated ship" is probably not more than a toy when compared to our capabilities. What matters is they, just like North Korea are continuing to up the anti toward WWIII. It will also matter to people when fuel prices shoot up 30% just because that ship exists and the speculators will smell blood in the water.

Yep those Sanctions work great? LOL Idoits.

They made it a glass bottom boat; so it can always look at the Iranian Air Force.

I hope you all are aware that the Caspian sea is just a huge lake, not connected to the open water. Basically like putting a rubber duck in the bathtub.

keep on underestimating them.

They forgot to mention... it's "own" drones. I'll bet Obama is smiling from face to buttcrack, twiddling his thumbs thinking Way to Go....BROTHER!It will be an interesting day when Iran turns its attention on exporting it's terrorism to the former Soviet Union and China. All things will seek a balance of power, and yes it will be a bad day to be President Ahmadinejad.

Hope they remembered to install the drain plug before they shoved off...Gotta be running full speed before you can drain the boat...

Do they use Camel power down in the engine room

A "destroyer" to bolster peace and friendship in the region ???,.....sounds familiar to me, that's what our own government is telling us for years, but we created just enemies everywhere,.....go to YOU TUBE watch AriesT &amp; Phaydros "star spangled banner",.....wow, its amazing, a lot of truth in it !!!

The U.S. Pentagon announced that, in the event of hostlities with Iran, it will take the U.S. Navy only four and a half minutes to destroy the entire Iranian Navy, and about three weeks to completely destroy Iran's other military capabilities.

i wonder if odumbo realizes that iran will attack us from the  east and north korea from the west

And again, we do nothing.

A destroyer.  The U.S. Navy rules the oceans and the world.  No one and I mean No one has the Navy we have.  Lets keep it that way, so OBAMA can destroy us from within!

I remember back in the 70's when the U.S.Gov, sold our older outdated ships to the Turks, they were the dirtiest men I had ever seen, they stunk so bad you could not stand to around them for more that a minute. I can only imagine the conditions on one of these iranian ships!!!

I thought they would have named it ArgoPhoto not available because Ahmaddinny's bathtub mate Mullah sunk his battle ship.

send an exocet that way and see if it survives. I doubt it!!!

Caspian sea which is the largest lake in the world has nothing to do with persian gulf !!!

This is where we have idiotic leaders, this problem with Iran should have been dealt with back in 1979 before Iran became as strong as it is now. They took hostage American citizens and Carter did nothing about it. Then in 1988 when we lost lost one of our warships to an Iranian mine we launched a military operation against Iran but stopped short of destroying their military. Should have taken them out with Iraq back in 1988 before they became strong.

Amazing, a WARship that is aimed to bolster peace and friendship in the region.

My bosses Yacht is bigger than that thing.

Iran: Only powerful, independent, non-puppet country in ME. That's why Western Military Complex and its Al-Qaeda minions are hell-bent to destroy Iran.

Iran = Energizer BunnyNo matter what you throw at it, it keeps going, and going, and going...

Funny, target practice for our Agis class war ships.

I hear it was a row boat with an RPG strapped to the bow.The one good thing about Iran eventually acquiring a nuclear weapon is that it will shut all you macho arm chair warriors up. That goes double for Washington, Moscow, London, Paris and Jerusalem.

lol, a destroyer that can be take out via drones from anywhere in the country.

the war with iran will last an hour

The biggest secret about this boat is: It has legs. So when the bigger shipps show up, this boat can run on land.

And now russia will join the ranks of those who must be really "scared".

I saw their high tech destroyer, it is very impressive.  It is a reinforced metal canoe, equipped with multiple slingshots.  We should definitely be worried.

So they outfitted an old Vietnamese fishing trawler with a bolt action rifle mounted to a flimsy turret made of coat hangers and duct tape, painted an angry grin on the bow much like the one reminiscent of the old spitfire decals of WWII, put a coffee table sized landing pad on the stern for their RC toy spy chopper and christened it a Destroyer!? Pffttt.......

if we decide to run you over like a train there is nothing you can do muslim.. youre lucky theres a muslim in the white house.. 2016 want get here fast enough

A destroyer in a freshwater lake.? The Somali pirates must have moved to the area.

Wonder how much it cost the American tax payer?It's made in Iran so you know it is a "stealth " ship !  Only "they" can see it !

Lots of people poking fun at this...I bet the US military is concerned...and you should be too.

The terms "Iran" and "peace and friendship" in the same story?  These were the same people who stormed our embassy and took hostages for 444 days.  These are the same people who have allied themselves with North Korea.  Peace and friendship?

obama sanctions against Iran are really working, obama says these are the toughest sanctions in history and liberals news says yes master they are master: Now they are spitting out a destroyer every two years. another obama lie...knowing obama he probably gave them the blue prints...

Can anyone explain to me how 30,00 U.S.Troop's stationed in South Korea are going to stop an invasion of a force of over 1 million north korean soldier's?

I hope it doesn't sink and all those poor Iranians get wet.....We'll never get the smell out of the water.

soon to be destroyeder.

I guess its just something else that someone will sink.

How do you make a basiji? Get a prostitut and a mullah and let them do it doggy style. Kose madare mojtaba khamenei

It must be a "stealth craft"... nobody knows what it looks like.Iran you gave us a new target thanks! I really wonder if they think ONE destroyer can defend there cost line against a power that can destroy them at will

Is the ship a fake plastic model too ?

See what dipolmatic talks and santions got us.

I'll bet their president won't allow some little boat to come right up next to it like Clinton did with the USS Cole.

Who cares? Iran's not our problem, and their leader is a nutcase. Let's worry about America first and foremost.

Maybe its just me but when folks tell you , repeatedly, they are going to Nuke or sink your ships ect. it is time to silence the maggots.

Yes, but what color is it?

The world should be shaking now that the Iranians have lauched a guided missle destoyer in the Caspian Sea....NOT!!!!  This counrty is a joke.  All they do is saber rattle but when it comes to a showdown with one of our ships you will see them tuck their tails between their legs and run.  U.S. Navy destroyer vs Iranian Navy destroyer = one less Iranian Navy destroyer in their fleet!

If there destroyer is anything like their fighter/bomber ... it exists only if the world of "photo shop".

Is it nuclear powered? Haha...comes equipped with innovative sail and mast.  Top deck cannon even has a swivel base.

Nic picture yahoo

It's made of plastic and has a rubber band motor, but the cool thing is it blows bubbles when it runs

They built this destroyer in lieu of the crippling sanctions the West and Israel have implemented upon their country.

It doesn't exist, like their nuclear program - they are both invisible.  Or, don't really exist.  There is a difference.

Iran bares its teeth,  Isreal growels and the US whips out the checkbook.

While it is far from a tugboat, it certainly is considerably lighter than ships other nations call frigates, let alone destroyers. On the other hand, how large does a ship have to be to dominate the southern Caspian Sea?

oh good another ship at sea from a looney country out to destroy the world for Allah

Glad to see they are creating artificial reefs for future fish conservation.

destroyer of what beer cans?Probably as capable as that toy jet they posted a couple months back.

WWBD?

to whom it may concern, meters are not feet, FYI

It has a glass bottom so it can see their air force.

... In Caspian sea? it's interesting to know how crowded the Caspian sea is / Azarbaijan has 5 Ships in Caspian and all other 5 nations that share the Caspian have few ships in that sea - Iran needs ships in The Gulf more then he needs them in The Caspian.

The best ship in the world might just as well be a raft if the crew isn't experienced enough to utilize the equipment.

Im Happy for =IRAN!!!  with one of our neuke subs under them watching already!!  GO IRAN!!!!!! Dumb Sand spiders !!

Deployment aimed to bolster peace and friendship in the region. DESTROYER  for peace. Just focus on the name itself!  So for Iran destroying = peace???? lol

It is hillarious to see how left wingers try to down play the threat of Iran which the national security advisor called the biggest threat to US. Just because they know Obama doesn't have balls to do anything.

Nice pictureI bet none of the counries on the Caspian Sea reported it on their front pages. Why is it so important for the USA? A medium-size warship on a landlocked sea in Asia?

1,400 tons is tiny, they bought 4 destroyers from us in the late 70's and we ended up keeping them ourselves. Those 4 were spruance class hull, roughly 8 or 9,000 tons, they where called the kidd class. USS Kidd was first one. 30+ knots way back then.

This is a very bad choice, Iran is just spending their money on something that can never work? We control the seas and that destroyer they built is going to display a beautiful fire works at sea.

Yep, that one destroyer will make all the nations of the world run and hide.. NOT

Is it bigger than their 6 manned green/blue submarine?lol

lol domestically built? it should be at the bottom of the Caspian Sea soon then, seeing as they probably have pre-WW I intelligence.

A reef that doesn't know it yet.

A homemade destroyer blueprints: Aluminum foil, Popsicle sticks, toothpicks, double AA batteries and a milk carton. New packaging, same product, losers. . . .

probably was a cardboard boat with sealant

More target practice for our great Navy !!!Question....why brag about 30 knots? Is that faster than a cruise missile?

Iran's leadership is the same as Iraq....no logic. Sadam didn't blink and neither will Iran. Force will eventually have to be used. I hope the first hellfire missile lands on Ahmadinishit. It's way past time he was paid back for his part in the hostage crisis.

That POS will last about 2 nanoseconds in combat.fmr LCDR MC USNR NUKE resigned 4 July 1978 after 8.5 years active

Another target practice for our navy.

More than 80% of these idiots here don't know even where Caspian Sea is!

Iran launches SEA MONKEY destroyer in the Caspian Sea.Powered by bananas:O)ROW, ROW, ROW you Nasty Sand Monkeys.

The world is unsafe, not because people do evil, but because people do nothing about it.

is the boat unsinkable..... if not, iran just launched a future permanent submarine.

Why dont we sink it-just to see what they will do(chicken)

PEACEWMD rumor of IRAQ was FABRICATED in 1999 video of WAR of TERROR oathers culling MONEY and FIGHTING due to Low money reproduction level major PROBLEM ComptrollersFRAUDULANT TERMS of UTOPIA Frame work chops down ALL MONEY systems,,,,,,,,,,GDP is NOT attached to foreign money laundry service,,,,,,,,GDP =1 total times 4 seasons GROWTH Allowance once a YEAR not once in  a Life TIME FRAMER of Mathematics Romansystem 1 is for add or sibtract AS system 2 is for divide or multiply 2x1=2 STABILITY as 1x1=1 unstability frontier future,,,,PRODIGY not PROUDIGY,,,,children DUMMERS stole picture exposition mentioned at Christ Messiah of Holy land Garden finger clutches Gate of Wisedome,,,,Earthlings refuses to become CIVIL wins award of Arch Angel Gabriel Muslim and Muslima BEST FRIEND choosen by Allaah,,,Allaahu Akbar,,Allahu Akbar,,Allaahu AkbarIt's a bathtub with an RPG!

Maybe Iran should have named their new Destroyer The Minnow because if they start something it will surely be lost!

So????????

Obama will get many of us killed.

Eventually, it will be destroyed!

Unlike Benghazi someone better wake Watermellon Boy up and let him know sactions aren't working and small short lived #$%$ kicking is needed

Sanctions are for gutless leaders that worry about world opinion and pools to much. Countries like Iran understand one thing: military muscle raining down on them, Would sanctions of stopped Japan or Hitler?

Hopefully the thing won't sink before January 21, 2017, so the next President (and ffirst Commander in Chief in eight years) can start off his new Administration with a bang.

you guys are so ignorant. they are not claiming that it is better than American ship. so stop your #$%$ comparison . you people seems like want to start  war. what is wrong with a country  launching a war ship in their waters. we have vessels all over the world. get real use common sense and stop this hate drive towards the Iranians.

The sooner we sink it, the quicker those idiots will cower back under their rock.it will make for good target practice in the Persian Gulf

BTW, there are plenty of pictures of this class of warship. Just google it. Sheesh. Bunch of idiots.

destroyer will get destroyed:0)

Hey! food for a cruise missle.

Target practice for US Navy

Go Iran!!

Iran destroyer ??? What is it destroying ???

A drone could easily take it out.

Now their navy consist of 4 jetski's ,3 boats, 2 peddle boats and a yellow submarine. Feel any safer now Iranians?

I wouldn't under estimate Iran I mean we can't even handle what's on are plate in Afghanistan against some stone age tribesmen.  We don't have the will to fight and don't fight on there terms ... ex vetThank You GW.

Pull the plug on Ahmadiman's bath tub toy, or nuke them both.  Oops, I meant sink them both.

The irony is that Ahmadinejad is himself of Jewish descent., just like Hitler. You won't see it reported often in the media, but it is the Jews who are killing other Jews the most.

how long before it sunk.....

And Obama does NOTHING !

Keep on laughing at Iran.When Military action start's against Iran it will require a land invasion.But hey! It won't be Obama's fault! He is in the Middle Easter advocating peace among all the nation's over there.Much like he did in 2011.So we know this will be a repeat of 2011.Just watch and see.Everyone thought North Vietnam was a paper tiger too.Until we went to war with them.And that was lasted 12 yrs by the way.it was the longest war in our history not Iraq and Afganistan.

Where do they get the money for these ships.  Our White House can't even provide tours.  The democrats are going to bring the iranians to their knees with tuff sanctions, yea sure, time to tank up air force one for a King Obama propaganda tour.  u delusional fools voted for him, u deserve what u get.

Is this a story where I am supposed to ape nationalism and apple pie sentiment?  Wait, there is oil in the middle east?  I thought we went over there to spread the message of the good news of Jesus.

blah, blah blah..... toss them a rock for bouyancy and see what happens.

They're "gonna need a bigger boat."How many oarsmen does it require?

"Ahmadinejad said that the West has learned from Iran's technical expertise that the country's nuclear capabilities cannot be eliminated."Wrong, we will just have to make a few more glassy craters.

It was a Russian ship.

Mojtaba khamenei was born to a sygheh( prostitut in Islam ) and a mullah

iran claims to be capable to make own military equipment with oil dollars,i wonder what was the price to have this " technology"

Good for Iran.  If you were Iraian wouldn't you be concerned?  We continually threaten their sovereignty.  Russia and China have both warned us and good for them.  We need to mind our own business and quit bullying everybody.

we are not going to send our kids to another mercenary war. if Jews wants it let them send their "own chosen people" ~~

It's not a destroyer, it's a frigate. Damn these idiots don't understand that the world won't buy their propaganda views of military terminology.

As once a friend said.."Never underestimate your enemy or you might find out the hard way what was to underestimate " Lets wait and see

No pics? Thanks Yahoo.And, they're still not using the American dollar as the medium of international business exchange.  And the group of countries that are following him is growing....laugh on my friends....the last laugh may be on YOU!!!

The Caspain Sea doesn't need a warship full of racist Muslims on the intend to blow up anyone who dares to thinks different, this is a direct provocation to the civilised world.

A destroyer. With the US fleet there. That's like rolling a Tonka truck out in a Monster Truck competition.

It is a Jon boat with a couple of mounted slingshots and the "sophisticated" comm. and radar is a pair of binoculars and a cell phone.

Future artificial reef courtesy of the U.S. Navy

brenda m. no one understands what the h&amp;ll you are saying but you.

Iran is Russias front gaurd.

New Iranian Source For Hard Currency:Life insurance policies on all the Iranian Sailors on this ship in the event they ever cross the US Navy.

How nice of the Iranians to plan ahead like this.Just think of all the nice dive tours that can be planned over the site of the Middle East's next artificial reef.Our US Navy thanks you and looks forward to the opportunity to participating in some target practice with you.

Some more news related to Iran's navy.TEHRAN, March 17 – Deputy Commander of Iran Navy operations of the Twenty-Fourth Navy battle group announced a warning to an Australian reconnaissance aircraft.Admiral Jerreh said: “the 24th Navy battle group, consisting of helicopter on Khark frigates and the Sabalan destroyer, which was coming back from Jing Zhang port in China, issued a warning to an Australian reconnaissance aircraft which was trying to capture images of the approaching Iranian battle group.Upon receiving the serious warning from the Iranian battle group, the Australian reconnaissance aircraft immediately changed his flight path, but when moving away, they threw subsurface discovery units devices in the direction of the battle group. All of them  were found and defused  by the skillful Navy commandos.He continued: The 24th Navy battle group have monitored more than 130 military units on the water and in the sky during its mission.Admiral Jerreh emphasized that the Navy battle group's presence is based on international law in the high seas and continued: “The 24th Navy battle group will anchor in port Colombo, Sri Lanka in the early days of Norouz (Persian New Year).”If the torpedo don't get ya... the burning oil, sharks and jelly fishes will.  You can't replace a ship and personnel over night... just sayin be smart and stop bragging.

Only thing that makes it there destroyer is that they put their gas in it. We probably retired it from our navy and sold it to them. Most likely it leaks like a sieve(sic).

Wait until Ajaid takes a cruise, then sink it !

Iran's Navy is as ridiculous as their Nuclear Program.

iran has not attacked anyone in centuries. can the usa or israel say that? israel just got busted giving blacks jewish women the flu shot with an abortion inducing chemical to kill their possible new family member.. they also radiated 100k children in 1958 ,, akk black kids all jewish,, yeah tell me about the israeli nation of kindness again?

They better get off there  #$%$ before it is to late

Let's accidentally sink it. North Korea get's away with it. I changed my mind; Let's just sink it.

Hopefully that Iranian Ship doesn't get the CIA and Israels STUXNET VIRUS that 4 cruise ships got this past week that wrecked havok on them, Like it is Made to DO. Yes, Your Monster is Out CIA/Israel and Knows Not what FLAG is Flying when it attacks EVERYTHING. Oh, did I mention the Dreamliner's Battery overheating problem too? or Fukushima meltdown? or Gulf Spill? How about water and gas lines bursting across the USA? its WHAT it DOES. And if You Deny it, it doesn't mean it will stop. Biggest Coverup since 911 was planned by the Jews for the Arabs to be the Patsies and Take YOUR Guns and YOUR Freedom and rights. Oh, and Enjoy your Buck Higher a gallon gas prices since Obama's pit Bulls have been parked off Irans coast a year ago. the 100 BILLION Dollars from YOUR WALLET directly related to Protecting YOUR Good Buddies the JEWS. the same Jews bringing down america with the 17 Trillion dollar debt and their banking scams.yeah, Iran is the Threat? Peer out your front windows watching for arabs to attack while the JEWS stole everything from your back door left wide open to them.

No doubt the Jamaran are jam-packed with donated or stolen technologies and a probably not a joke offensively. They are batsheet crazy, not stupid. Defensively... I won't shed a tear when they are shot full of holes and slam to the bottom of the ocean.

It all weighs the same at the bottom of the sea!!I think it time for that destoyer of theirs to have an unexplained accident.

PEACEFIGHTING because MONEY VOLUME was to be GRANDUER and Luxery built by Short TRIBES

Screw iran make it worlds largest parking lot.

That's right. Everybody keep building up your great war machine's for that great and dreadfull day. Like the Mc Donalds commercial say's. I'm Luv'n it.

Mrs. Romney also practiced and practicedqueen elizabeths special style ofa hand wave, she never had the opportunityto try out.She wanted so much to be america's new queen.As told by her close friends.

caspian sea?? that is about as smart as puttin one in lake Powell. the only people their going to #$%$ off is the Russians.

Many reverse engineered weapons systems on it.  I'm wondering how they got the Canadian built Bell chopper that goes with it.

ATTN: All United States Navy submarine skippers - You are now directed to switch to decaf until further notice. Let's see if it will sink on its own first.

This story is incomplete, no picture, They said that they had a new jet fighter , that was a lie. Now they are saying they have a new destroyer.I got a destroyer in my back yard can i launch it?. Just kidding my yard isn"t big enough to hold one. The point is they lied about a jet fighter so why wouldn"t they lie about a destroyer .I wonder who thier trying to scare?.

Ancient military proverb: The best defense is a good offense.It also features 3 US Trident subs that make sure it stays on course.

Great, Now the Pirates have a Destroyer.

IRAN HAS NO ARMY. WE HAVE NO LEADER, WHATS WORSE?

That tin can won't last half an hour in a shooting war with an industrial nation.

divers haven!!!

C4, Your move Iran

Oh goody !  A viable naval target finally !

I saw on WikiLeaks that they put screens in their submarines for ventalation.

Another fly to swat ... and, it may well not be the United States who swat's at it.

More like....Iran launches a floating target for a harpoon missile.Built for a Viking funeral ??

I just wish they'd hurry up and wipe out Israel so we can all live in peace again.

Destroyer, thats what I used to call my private parts. lol

It'll be seaworthy and soon as they can raise that sheet and use if for a sail...

yards are the same as meters ?? Yahoo misleading Americas youth

sophisticatedbut obsolete none the lessallah shaved its long grey beard on 9-11 then it rolled over and died, it was it will

stroke...stroke....stroke......Iran has a gold medal olympic rowing team

I wonder if it was designed by the same folks who came up with that fake stealth plane they unveiled months ago.

I see that isolation has made Iran turn to: producing their own auto industry; air craft industry; space exploration industry; weapons of mass destruction industry; ship building industry and naturally their own oil industry. And they also give free College education to the young. Gee no debt?

They build a ships that is tons in weight...and we don't know it until it makes a big splash so to speak).....and we are supposed to find a bomb  being built under ground. ?Anybody want to start a pool on when Israel bombs Iran? 5 bucks a throw, winner is the closest one to the exact time the first bomb/missile hits.

Upon further review....it was a model glued together and photographed to look real.

It was a week ago that Iran lunched another destroyer called DAMAVAND in the PERSIAN GULF.

By reading this it seems to me , look close!  They are or are building nuclear weapons!   Watch out Iran what you wish for !

a 1400 ton ship isn't a destroyer, it's a corvette at most.

Does it float????

Our destroyers are nearly twice as long, and weigh more than 4 times as much. They are also nearly twice as fast.

A ship called a Destroyer is there to keep the peace, how ironic.  Same idea as the Death Star keeping he peace.

no picture? Then I call BS...

the west has ruled out military strikes at this time..if you are unaware of that you are not understanding where the state department and administration is goingThe idea that Iran is over a year from a nuclear weapon is also not true.They have been on duel paths to complete a nuclear weapon and a delivery system for over 8 years.  they are closeThey will eventually light one up so that the world understands where they standa speedboat with a machine gun attached is not a "destroyer"

If the US was smart, we would quickly arrange to pay the Russians to provoke Iran. It's not that hard, Russians would sell their children for $$ and the problem with Iran would be solved.

it could be a tug boat? lol

America is to scared to touch Iran. So Obama is all barak and no bite.

Man, we've all got just a little too much time on our hands this morning don't we?  Judging from the posts, you nimrods think we're going to war with Iran, huh?  Don't count on it.

Cool ! A new practice target

What Iran is not reporting, is that as soon as their destroyer encountered the Fifth Fleet, it turned around and went back to port

It would be great if Israel made it sink mysteriously.

why are you waiting for obama. show some spirit and blow it out of the water. the next real president will have to do your job.

This is good news to me that the great Persian nation now has a new destroyer.I am not a Moslem, but a retired White Nordic Christian and Vietnam Combat Veteran.If the Satanic-inspired Zionist criminals (USA, England and the Zionist entity in occupied Palestine) attack Iran, I sure hope the Persians can punish the invaders and launch missles into Tel Aviv during rush hour.Most of my fellow Americans are brainwashed by a Zionist media and by Zionist ministers in the pulpit who are really racial Khazar Jews who changed their last names to Smith, Jones, Gordon and other such names to deceive the non-Jews.I just saw it on Facebook. It looks like the ships the U.S. Navy uses for target practice. Someone described it as a wash tub with guns. That's pretty accurate.

I'm sure we have subs in the area. Great target practice for our navy. It will only take one torpedo to sink it.

what color?

just one more easy target..... oh wait... obozo is removing our Naval forces..... good job... we know he has a plan... right? i didn't think so

anyone know the vegas odds as to when it will sink?

false flag incident not far away

Does it have a glass bottom?  (to see the old Iranian Navy)

Wow 94 meters in the US we call that a dinghy

Just another target to destroy when the time comes.

AHHH. A target for our Submarines !! It will keep the Sub Force involved.This launch of their new destroyerhas been eagerly launched just totell the united states,stay out of the persian gulfor there will be war to pay.

another ghost ship????

who supplied them with all the rubber bands to power it

Cool: another target. I was there when we annihilated 2/3 of the Iranian "navy" in a day and a half back in the 80's.

goody goody.....another target for practice !!!!

lolThe Iranian Navy???

Where does the sale go , or does it have a troll motor ???

It will someday make a nice corral reef.

keep playing battlefield 3.  Your enemy has torpedoes that go supersonic underwater and pwn a aircraft carrier full of fuel.

I hope they find the missing oar.Great. Guess we can expect NutNYahoo to push us to declare war on Iran because of this......

and a rubberban to make it go.....

Probably  looked like a pink  tugboat  to match their  subs.

They would have posted a picture, but they could not photo-shop a bath tub toy fast enough.

peaceDemocracy is no Farmer of CIVIL MONEY NOTES,,,raw resources is the Bond of reproduction guage GDP total times 4 = Growth Allowance window opens once a YEAR T TOTAL GDP

These threads are always full of Hasbara Trolls (The Israeli Liars Brigade) and people so stupid they think the Alaskan Dingbat is brilliant.

lmao and their impressed with it. I see a new reef coming up lol. Our navy will have target practice if needed. US ARMY RET

Nuke ISRAEL and be done with the trouble makers of the world.

Long live the Islamic Republic  of Iran, and her great Islamic leader.

sooo... They built this ship to show their Naval might to... Russia, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan? really- the Caspian Sea? lol..... That boat will never see battle. If they use it against Russia- it will be destroyed before they get a single shot off.Not even the Imperial Japanese Navy with 200 vessels and its numerous aircraft carriers plus the 2 biggest and heaviest battleship Mushashi and Yamato, cant defeat the US Navy.GOODLUCK, Iranian Navy..nice destroyer by the way, looks cute even without a picture(courtesy of Yahoo)

Iran, stronger than the strong.

lol, so much for sanctions  mhhm

It seems Ahmadinejad cranked out another floater to join what he calls a navy.  Cool!  This too will make for good target practice along side of that blue turd they call a submarine.  LoL  Line up those virgins!!

It will make a great fishinf reef after it encounters on of our fast attack subs.Remember, there are subs and TARGETS, nothing else!

Glub glub. That's the first one I would hit after using bunker busting bombs on their nukes,

I remember Iranian Navy pilots when they were here in US for training 40 years ago.This ship  probably smells like camels and goat sex no matter that it's new. Let's hope they are not any smarter than back then.

At the launch ceremony Ahmadinejad said "The starving people of Iran have needed a destroyer for a long time.  We have made their dream come true. We are now a dominant naval power in the world."

what a joke

Would someone please shut this guy up.... I am sick of this fruit cake.Is the new Iranian destroyer 1/16 or 1/8 scale in size? What kind of batteries does it take and will it be out in time for the holiday season?

I think that something that size qualifies as a boat not a ship. I think a ferry in NY harbor is bigger.

for a lack of better words the Caspian Sea is just a big lake.Who will threathen Iran there,oh I forgot Russia.If Russia wants the Caspian Sea region then Iran won't stop them.As for their(Iran) fleet what fifteen destroyers,and frigates,plus a few deisel subs,no match for the US navy.

please give the usa a reason 2 kill u.

Pics or it didn't happen.

you idiots, that is far better than Israeli navy that gets all their stuff made and  wrapped from the US. Israel on  its  own  can not even defeat Palestinian rock throwers. all these hype and red lines are scare tactics to get the US involved. if Israel attacks Iran on its own and with no help from the US or Europe they will be destroyed in no time.

I'm more concerned with the 200 tanks and 20 jet fighters we're giving to Egypt and we don't even know if they are still an ally of ours any more.

Why would you launch a destroyer into an endorheic lake? Unless I'm mistaken, there is no access from the caspian into any other body of water.

It will make a really nice reef

We got to find it, put every ship a sail, and  be fully alert , to any and all distress signals, it just may have sunk on it's own , to the bottom of the sea, and the crew knows only how to dog paddle and not swim.That sucks!! i was looking forward to picture of it, just like Iran's submarine. i needed a good laugh today.

On  a  war , it is not about how many toys you have,,  is  about how  smart you play  with your  toys,,,,,.. G-d    bless   america....

Same quality as their new stealth fighter?   And 30 knots, bet the guys get tired pretty quickly rowing that fast.

Here we go folks, a war based on science fiction written by people that only want to control you through fear and hatred that you allow because you choose to stay ignorant.

So who is gonna do the Pre Pre Pre Pre Empt Attack first?See what BUSH and the JEWS started?

...Tehran has repeatedly assured other countries that its military might poses no threat to other states... That's because their military SUCKS

In the future you'll be able to see it when you ride in a glass bottomed boat.

And jewish Run Media Reported Iran TARGETED a Dron a few days ago. Makes it sound like they ATTACKED IT and shot it down. No, Just waiting for it to come into Irans air space like these CIA jews have been doing all along Provoking a War. and Iran was using US made Phantom jets? gee, I wonder WHERE they got Those WMDs from? Just like when they found the WMDs Chem Weapons in Iraq made by the USA and Rumsfeld said Not the WMDs we were Looking for. of course Not, they were what Donald SOLD saddam in the early 80s.

Let me guess, it's a stealth destroyer?

See where this is going?If Iran wanted to kill Americans, they would just sell fish and other tainted food to walmart like China is doing.

this could end up a messs

Is it human powered?  Bet so.

I cant wait for them to launch ballistic  subs.......yeehaw!!

Yahoo, go get your butt a job. are u trying to get into all Iranian's #$%$??? They did this, they did that. so what???

what colar did they paint this ship? everyone remembers the Easter egg colored submarine.

Another target for NATO

Where you see a ship, I see a fish house.

We should let Iran know in no uncertain terms that if they should start with us they will cease to be an oil exporting nation.

we keep making fun of them and they keep learning and building.they have a right to take care of rich caspian oil.that is their major income.oilno pics.... hmmm just like how Iran was able to reverse engineer  a drone hmm...

In the Caspian Sea (landlocked).  Did it come with a trailer to haul it to the ocean?

Sanctions on Iran? This is a slap to the face of UN and US who are imposing them. They clearly are NOT working.

OK stealth Destroyer,they have a stealth fighter as well,haven't seen it's flight.We have a pattern here.

This isn't a laughing matter....Iran is a threat.  Sure their technology may not be as complex as America...but when one can build something, eventually you learn new things and expand the sophistication.  Iran is one of a few countries that:  builds their own ships, can launch satellites into space, build satellites, enrich nuclear material, create nuclear fuel plates, possess nano technologies, build drones and missiles, as well as complex computer sciences.  This ability to do this internally means they will learn new ideas and complexities as they grow.  Compare this to countries that only buy stuff and you will see the threat.  Saudi Arabia only buys items so they have a sophisticated air force, but only as long as they can buy them from America and England.  Once that purchase life line is cut, Saudi Arabia is doomed.  They can't build anything.  So again, a country that can build internally isn't a laughing matter, rather it's a threat that will increase as their internal knowledge increases.

Ahmadinejad said that the West has learned from Iran's technical expertise, would someone tell me what I have learned from that son of #$%$

No need to worry it will rust away built with steel from China

Iran will self destruct before long.

We are going to get hit by the north korean, iran, russia, china, cuba, venezuela and more...America will soon be ashes and nothing more, and our president is taking away all of the armed forces capabilities just to make a point to the world. Good Job you clown!

I'm waiting for the Photoshop'd pictures.Does this mean they just pulled ahead of N. Korea??

we could take that piece of garbage out with a controller sitting in Oklahoma City operating a drone.  Cant wait until Israel and the US has had enough of despots like that child in North Korea and the maniac in Iran.  Taking those terrorists out would be "addition by subtraction" for the world at lodge - and after an hour of "protest"  - no one would even notice or care.

All they need is a thimble , top hat , and a Scottie dog and they can play the game.

You read the posts here and you see how effective propaganda has been to make Americans believe Iran is some incredible threat to the US.   It's truly sad!!

What they didn't tell was how many oars it has

Most of us feel this is quite enough. We are faced with North Korea and Syria. Both which could mean the massive loss of life. Since we are being conditioned to get ready, let's start the Domingo's falling by hitting Iran now and saving the Israeli's the trouble. Best count our ducks and face that less will be standing when it is over.

i think the design was copied from the merrimack

I wish there was a picture. Because right now the only thing I can imagine is a canoe with a 50 caliber machine gun mounted on front.

it will make a nice reef

Nice picture. I guess Iran is further along with stealth technology than I thought.I wonder if it's real, or another photo-shop special like that fighter was a few weeks ago. They would have one hell of a military if they had a 3-D printer.

Caspian Sea??  What a bunch of #$%$.

When i want to project peace and friendship i always deploy a Destroyer!!!!!!!!!

everyone seems to forget about all the military stuff that was left in Iran after the Shaw's demise lot of intelligence and with cyber leaks and cracks anything is possible with the absent minded leaders of this area.

They are up to no good but mostly paranoid.

I hate the say it,..Ahmadinejad.....he Looks so much like a monkey ....damn...

Just like there fake fighter. A wood model mock up. These are Muslim liers that are a terrorist  wackos that will be meeting Allha very soon in a big mushroom cloud.

Carpet bombing, with deep diving bunker busters-day and night, the clandestine nuke site will be the greatest "Anti-Big Bomb" work the planet will ever know. Bring on the freedom fighters! Itty bitty "Opecker Hitlers" wanting to become "big evil players"-know your politics people.

Great achievement, IRAN

Were only going to use it for fishing.Yea that;s it just fishing.thank the jews America..you dont have to go far..just look to your congress.

Iran is strutting around sharpening their wooden sticks to a fine point while we point loaded automatic weapons at them.

It's a 30 foot Bayliner with a potato gun mounted on the bow.

Iran will sink any Israeli submarine with the Jamaran destroyers.

Iran had better be nice to Russia or they might turn loose, "THE CASPIAN SEA MONSTER".

No photoshop from Iran of the Death Star bobbing in the ocean?

Like launching a rubber duck in a bathtub...

What Iran has learned,is that the U.S.,and this current president,are very frightened byIran,North Korea,and China.The U.S. is showing fear,which only encourages thesecountries,to ramp up their bad behavior.They all understand the neither Obama,nor thepublic he serves,has any stomach,for confrontations with them.

We need to bomb them back to the stone age.  Oh wait, there already are in the stone age.

How about launching  some plumbing for the dirtiest city in the world !!Alright! A new first target!

i thought only camels were full of iranian seamen!

wow a war ship built for peaceful purposes.......geez I'm glad I'm so gulible

Iran shall and will ignore the World theives rapists and terrorists by focusing on what the country needs.

It only floats because it is made of a zillion Legos.....

was it called the USS MINOW ?

all the more reason to keep our armed forced manned and industry to be brought back to this country.........

Iranian destroyer is not much of a threat to any nation ... but will likely destroy natural fish habitat such as the Caspian Sea Sturgeon from which we get Beluga Caviar.

Even a fart in iran can change the world.

Time to dust off our Bunker Buster bombs, Thermobarics, and MOABs...sink it as soon as it enters international waters

Dont worry the president has determined we have a year before they have thaaaaa big one .the guys just so perseptive !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! oh yey he is stopping by Isreal shortly and wanted a cushion to rest his flip flop approach on

is it pink like there submarine is

Caspian Sea is NOT a sea.  It is a lake.  Why does Iran need a destroyer there when Russia is Iran's supporter?  Well...!

AGM-123 Skipper II.  No problem.

As soon as it sinks, they can change the name to submarine.

Iran missles will reach 5,000 km soon that will turn Florida into night mare. Good luck Florida!.

Oh boy ... Another TARGET!!!!

I cannot help but wonder is this destroyer is the same as their stealth fighter that was a model..The drone they captured that did not exist,The dog into space they did not,the picture of those missiles that was photoshopped..You cannot believe anything Iran says!

good for them, stand up for your beliefsgood for them, stand up for your beliefs

Momma Ahmadinejad:  Oh look dear, isn't that cute, our son Mahmoud is playing with his new Probuilder Carbon Series Limited Edition Battleship in our oversized bath tub. Quick grab the camera we gotta share this with the rest of the world.

"This proud fighting ship will join our fleet" "Like our completely invisible stealth fighter, it will sneak up to the Zionists in total silence!!" "And destroy the Great Satan!!!" BLAHBLAH, BLAH BLAH BLAH!!! Amidouchebag knows his entire military force would suffer the same quick fate as the Iraq army did. You can bet theres a drone now assigned to hover above that ship ready to give it a Hellfire breakfast at a momments notice!!!

Iran nuked japan. ..twice they are EVIL.

Based on its displacement of 1,500 tons, it's actually a frigate. However the POS is also known by the U.S. military as a "piece of garbage floating on the water."

we're headed for trouble. With the rich sending all our factories over seas, we will no longer be able to produce weapons to protect ourselves. It's just a question of time before N Korea and the muslim nations attack us

I guess the UN sanctions have really hit them hard!

Mitt romney's personal "at home vault"is bigger than irans new destroyer.There home vault is a small portion ofthe billions what is kept in overseas accountsso they do not have to pay taxes over.Then theres one special item in there vault.The diamond studded tierra that mrs. Romneybought on rodeo drive to be worn the nightthey were suppose to win the presidency.Oh what a heartbreak it must have been.Seriously, she bought a diamond studded tierrashe was planning to wear that night.

Funny, O'Bummer pulled TWO battlegroups OUT of the Persian Gulf, just in time to let this hapen....

Mahmoud has never punched by a real man! He's never felt how it feels! He's been slapped by women!!That's so cute! A little boat in the water. Ok, Iran go play, let the grown ups rule the world. .  Good boy.

C'mon Iran. Launch it in the Persian Gulf and play with the big boys.

This ship will last about 10 seconds when faced with any American war ship.

Once the glue gets wet, this thing will fall apart lol

So how much in tax payer dollars and lives are you willing to allocate to go to war with Iran?? Whats it worth to stomp them out to you? How much of your own money are you willing to provide for this cause? Me I don't want them to spend another damn dollar of mine on war! I want them to fix this mess we are in from the past 2 wars first! Iran and North Korea are trying to tempt us, because they know we they can't beat us in combat, but we are on the brink of destruction financially and they know they can clean us out that way. It was once said that if China attacked us, we would have to borrow money from them to go to war against them since they are our biggest lenders. Wake up people, China is behind all of this, N. Korea, Iran, cyber attacks. They are taking us down bit by bit financially and smiling in ours faces with each loan!!

Jewish control of USA is coming to an end very soon. Get the hell out &amp; hide in Eastern Europe.

So what?

WHO picture

Iranian built destroyer...I was expecting to see a picture of a viking ship.

Hope ping pong from north korea and hackmedinajohn from iran, stop with their big mouth about their weapons of mass destructions. In usa we got submarine sandwich at subway, that are bigger than their missiles. Hope their own people will turn against their government and save tons of lives. War is not a joke, people will die thousand will be paralyzed for life, so why can we try  to get this lunatics out of power first, we all know that their is, smart north koreans  and iranians, up to you population to overthrow this 2 clowns.Just another target for one of our subs to sink.

I bet its actually inflatable just like AhmadineWads lover.

A positive first step. wait and watch.......

Saw picture of it on another site, nothing very impressive. old scrapyard helicopter too.

Headline next week: "Drone sinks Iran destroyer in Caspian Sea."

Now the US military will want 10 new aircraft carriers to fight this new threat!

Warships In the Computer age?  They gotta build Jet planes not Flightless Birds..........or maybe they already have Jet planes?  Help me out here

A destroyer?  What is it going to destroy?

Tell Rhianna to sit down, this is Battleship for Real...

Nice, moving up from wooden piles of junk.I wonder if it has a glass bottom so it can look at it's old navy and future resting place?

My fishing boat is bigger than Iran's destroyer. So why this is in the news. I did not see the news about my fishing boat.

Isn't a Destroyer a type of ship not just a name?

I just launched a paper boat in my tub this afternoon.

The stage is being set.  It's only a matter of time before Israel is finally attacked by her enemies...just get on with it, why don't ya!  The sooner Israel gets into war, the sooner Jesus comes back, and gets us outta here!

That persia,,, history has recorded

2 ships will lasted about 13 mim's AT 30 knots

Maybe the Iranian President is high on drugs. . . . Peace and Friendship. what the #$%$ are talking about.

Goody. One more target for our drones and cruise missiles. Iran got a good deal on that ship. Most of the systems and components have tags that read "MADE IN CHINA", or " AVAILABLE EXCLUSIVELY AT WALMART". Same place they got the parts for their blue submarine. The ship will sink the first time they put it in the water.

TAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGET PRAACTISE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Looks like sanctions are a waste of time.  A few well-placed drones might get their attention.

iran needs to be dealt with now!

Good for Iran. Nuclear weapon is more important than destroyer. That is only weapon that those who have are afraid others may get.

Now what?

Can I have a ride?

That'll make the Russian navy quake in fear, oh yeah.

I hope it sinks with all the SHIA DOGS on it !!!FREE SURIA

nuke

LOL.... "He said the deployment aimed to bolster peace and friendship in the region."  Bolster peace and friendship? By building a destroyer....? lol..

Right, because any ship that's loaded with missiles is set out to sea to "bolster peace." Give me a break.those who are asking for a picture of it ,can ask for the pictures of those US DRONES too.yep,iran claim on downing them was lie too !!!!!!!!!!

PERSIAN GLORY, BROTHERS.

well now it looks as though Russia and the old states of the soviet union are in the cross hairsof Iran, Putin you better start looking in your own backyard for military threats to your countryand take appropiate measures to protect your flanks.

Over 300ft long (football field) Can it carry BOTH teams?

haha, such an ignorant people

S.E.A.L. Bait.

Wish there was a picture. It's probably as silly looking as their submarines.

Sure we got pics of it!!  But man they have radar on a destroyer OMG I am beyond scared!!!  Pretty sure the Navy is also..

The ((((holy)))) one of israel, as given the land to the israelis, and said for generation to generation nobody can take away from you. So all you nation that go against israel, one day you going to regret that you are alive. Because when the ((((holy)))) one will appear over jerusalem, even the birds fish and any other animals will tremble.How you know their is the ((((( holy one ))))) 17million jews on earth,7 billion non jews, but yet they are the most richest and powerful.This is being going on for 4000 years. Am not jewish.

And Obama does NOTHING !I love that they included a picture

Who are they gonna mess with on the Caspian  Sea? Russia would dispose of that Destroyer in a moment if they threatened them. Our navy doesn't sail that pond.

Caspian Sea... that's a potential access route to Tehran!

1 meter = 1.09361 yards, so "94 meters (yards)" is a bit confusing, which is it as 94 meters would be 102.799 yards, but if it were 94 yards it would be 85.9536 meters.  They are very close to the same, but aren't, perhaps the author don't know there's a difference, however slight, it's definitely not the same.

We're quivering in our boots...

They want nuclear weapons so bad, send them air mail gps coordinates to home in on ......wortyhless pieces of human DNA........................when the nukes arrive they can reverse engineer them.....LOL

A 15ft bass boat with a trolling motor, rocks, and a slingshot.

MUST BE INVICIBLE

Happy noruz.happy new spring.happy new year.   +

The Americans are very sinister if other countries achieving technological advances.mr. Abramovich of Russia has a bigger yacht

GOOD job now they can't be interfered with by u.s ships!! and the destoryer can attack turkmekistan that has u.s bases! and uzbekistan which has u.s bases and safe guard supplies on their way back from russia! Also u.s has been sending submarine unmanned vehicals and small boats in the caspian trying to get into iran from the back door iran has now cut that off!! GOOD JOB BOY"S!!!

who is iran kidding there nuke plants were built by russians they have no technoligy they made themself everything was bought from other countrys

Lets send Feinstein over there with a pea shooter and see if she changes her mind on gun control.  B!TCH!

This vessel will probably roam up and down the Caspian Sea trumpeting its message of peace and friendship to friends and foes alike. The only nation which can be deemed a potential Iranian foe in that region is Azerbaijan since it purchases Israeli made weapons and allows Israel use of its military bases.We recently heard murmurings of Azerbaijani discontent over a recent Iranian oil discovery of possibly 10 billion barrels of crude oil, 1 1/2 miles deep. The sea tends to be a bit deeper in the Iranian zone therefore more difficult to recover its oil &amp; gas. Jamaran's message is " hands off".Iran may also be sending a message to Turkmenistan and Kazakhstan that should you build an undersea gas pipeline for export of gas to Europe, it may not be secure from destruction. Turkmenistan recently signed a barter agreement to supply northwestern Iran with gas, further limiting possible supplies to Europe.What a global game is being played out and most Americans are out of the loop, focused on what Israel wants you to hear.

I have a sinking feeling about this.

I think the US Navy will reclassify it as Sub-Surface.

I think we should go ahead and make Ahmadinejad and Iran the official  name of a giant, flat, parking lot where Iran's cities are right now. Let Allah sort em out.

According to the latest poll which is carried out by a Turkish agency among Middle East countries in this month, Iran is the first military power in the region.WHILE the main military threat to the region is Israel !! next one is the America!

Iran now will go unchallenged. Those destroyers will destroy American destroyers from thousands of miles. Well done Ahmadinejad.i can just imagine hearing one of those arabs talking about this tin can and goes something like : its one million tons and has 500 cannons and 3000 missiles our 1000 feet destroyer moves 100 miles an hour ,these idiots will never see it coming .

What? Iran launches a target in the Caspian Sea? So.

Oh OH  we are done for now ohhhhhhhh the humanity

davey jones's  locker room... ops..must a hit one of their underwater mines and no way to prove it, time to show that our president does have a real set of balls no just the ones he is using to ruin out country but the ones it takes to protect us from a nut job goverment who has treatened war against us, i do not condone the killing of innocent women and children but these are the same people who stand and cheer everytime somebody else attacks the US so it is kind of hard to feel bad if there is collecterol damage, after all when the blow up a car in a crowded market they do not care who is killed they claim it is all just part of the war so why should we feel bad hit them before they can even try to do something that will hurt any US solders

Flexing muscles at Russia now .... just not making friends anywhere

Umm...anybody else find it funny that the Caspian Sea is landlocked? Where is the destroyer going to go?

Happpyyyyy noroooooz.;-)

we are united for defending our country and nuclear issue.at the soon future you will Iran's power.

At 1400 tons this ship is about half the size of an American WWII Gearing class ship.  I would question how much armament it can carry.

Politic politic politic........we humans are threating each other for nothing.im from iran .im from shiraz .and i think thats better to turn this cell off and kick it out .then sleep and watch the new movies and an kour later listen to ehasan khaje amiri's new album and take a rest for ever.and i can say happy norooz. nation is not important lets say happy norooz.happy norooz.happy norooz.its a frigate not a destroyer, I love how journalist get things right!

God bless them for defending themselves

Is it pink... That would be cool

This tub will make an excellent target for US strike aircraft.

The Cajun army will send our own fleet of nuclear powered shrimp boats in with our surface to air Tabasco tipped missiles......lol 308 feet not very impressive.

i predict it runs into one of its own mines those idiots deployed in the seas!

I attended a advanced school in the US Navy in 1973-74 and there were Iranians in that class. This was prior to the Iranian revolution. They were excellent students but kept to themselves and didn't socialize much. I had a turkish friend in that class and he disliked them and called them arrogant. Don't under estimate the Iranians, they are not ignorant bedouin nomads that live in tents and eat with their hands. And one other thing that at the time I thought was odd, they liked to be called Persians not Iranians.

I wonder how will russians react on this destroyer in their their back yard sea, riched witha black caviar.

Does the Iranian navy Christan (Mohammend) their new ships by breaking a bottle of champaign over the bow??

America is doomed!!!!! The whole world is so strong now. All the loud mouth gays here in America. Where they going to be when they come a knocking? America has not stopped Iran, North Korea, China, Cuba. ect....I bet there are subs off our coast, going to blow us to hatiessearch in google

There goes the destruction of my tasty caviar from the Caspian Seas.

Got it!!!

Iran in 2013=jew in 1940  .anti -persian in 2013=anti-semit in 1940.                                   Im  in iran .im persian.iran is not 300 iran isnt soraya iran isnt desert ,tent,alqaede,antiwomen,anti jew,anti-chirist .iran isnt saddam ,gazafy,ale saud,ale khalife,mobarak,ben ali.iran is not those scenes in your brain.

To any concerned about the term "Destroyer":  In the dreadnought days of the turn of the 20 th century, it was found that light, agile, fast boats armed with torpedos could get in close to the hugely expensive but slow "capital" ships.  In the first world war the Austria-Hungarian Empires flag ship was launched into the Aegen sea.  It was sunk within the hour by cheap Italian motor-torpedo boats.  The term destroyer comes from "motor-torpedo boat destroyer".  All things military morph and change.  The destroyer is no different.  The term became the light ship of the navy.  Used for anti-submarine, anti-aircraft, convoy escort, shore bombardment and with the invent of modern missle technology, the "missle destroyer".  Many ways the old mission is the new mission.  But, in retrospect the term "destroyer" was a descriptive term not a term of political rhetoric.

The USA had no idea Korea had nuke ability or missile that goes short or long distancesSo what is all the doubt

and the u.s i scared now! lmao

Got it

is this one also painted pink?

Who give a sh.t what they have!! We have betterHow many camels can it carrry??

Yes, they have a mighty navy. Including their aqua colored 5 man submarine, based on the drug cartels subs.

And in related news... A new reef in the Caspian sea will be dedicated today....

Wonder if it's in-board or out-board propelled?

weve got plenty o weapons, why be concerned with their penny ante nuclear catch up routine? ps. oh yea, there was a boat

All the US needs to do now is launch a missle to destroy thier destroyer!!!

this is we are call fishing boat...

Iran will try to Bomb Israel.

Dear users there is no relevent between caspian sea and us navy in persian gulf.please control your anti-persian emotions and feelings.iran is not NK or arab or israel.iran is the  most civilized country in middle east.they didnt attack any country.they have the most value calture and history in the world .

Nice, we are Persians and screw the Americans wanting to tell us what to do.I am sure it's not all they say it is, but they should not be underestimated.When in 1980 Saddam invaded them, and they had no spare parts to their American equipment , they learnt after that.The US, USSR, UK and France supported and helped  Saddam, but they still continued to fight for 8 years without being defeated.So, if they were able to fight without spare parts and no commanders since they had all been executed by the new islamic regime, for sure they  are more capable and are a force to be reckoned with.

everybody needs to stop being so arrogant about the iranian navy!!we need to worry about them...lego makes some bad #$%$ ships!!

It is a Corvette class, English, or an enhanced Patrol Boat in the US NAVY.  To underestimate a anything fired at you is quite foolish.  What makes you believe that they cannot produce state of the art weapons?  USN will be considerate. Look what happened to the USS COLE when a large row boat filled with explosives , came abreast.

wow,what a beautiful ship,the picture is so clear and pristine,you cant see it..

Yeah, but how many catapults does it have? And how many rowers?

Well as usual... the yahoos left out the pics..i bet it is pink in color..

look at all the comments that think America/Amerijew can bust a grape.. LOL..NEWS FLASH AMERICA ..Iran ..a.k.a. China energy supply..  is just getting started..and you still wonder why America..the jews private armys dont attack?.. well children thats because America is a has-been country and the guy who does control the worlds power.. also known as the Chinese Emperor would crush America and the jews who control it.. and israel and America know it.. so they saber rattle so the american people feel like they are strong..so many..so stupid.

Here we go . It's going to happen sooner or later.

This whole story is ridiculous. Caspian "sea" is a lake. It is called "sea" because it is a very big lake, but it is still a lake. This "destroyer" is a joke. It is smaller than yachts of Russian billionaires which you can see in abundance in the Mediterranean and Atlantic. Caspain "sea" borders with the countries that are not exactly pushovers - Russia and her former republics that split after the disintegration of the Soviet Union. These republics - Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan and others have military ties with Russia and most certainly Russia will not tolerate any foreign agression against her allies. Unlike flip-flop administrations in Washington, which occasionally betrays her allies, the government in Moscow takes almost fatherly approach in protecting their vassals. Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan even though muslim, despise islamic fanatics and openly hostile to Iranian regime. Russian and azeri subs in the Caspian can take out this so-called "destroyer" in no time.  So what would this ship do in the lake? Apart from wasting fuel it would show the "military might" of Ahmadinejad. I wonder why Iranians did not deploy their ship in Mediterranean to face Israeli dolphin subs lol!

Yeah, justlike the stealth fighter that has never got off the ground LMAO Stupid muzratsI admire Iran's self sufficiency. They have so many sanctions on their nation yet they somehow get their rockets into space unlike North Korea.

They launched a WARship to "bolster peace and friendship". Ahmadinejad is starting to sound just like American politicians.

Hello OK when they get  the nukes then what? Some one is getting cash for the materials needed to create these bombs.. This man is not in charge he is only the mouth piece to threaten Israel,of course... So if this come to war 111 then what ? there are so Manny things going on we cannot keep up or make jokes.  These people are a mix of many faiths or religions and crazy leaders..can there ever be communications ???? all ???? only .this world is gone nuts since 9/11.America is all over the place. remember how Our beginnings started all has been war death on and on SAD times..

I just love all these juvenile comments poking fun at Iran's military. If only the Iranians could built top rate equipment like our F22 and F 35!! years behind schedule, both haven't flown one single combat mission and both are bankrupting the US. Also the Iranians could learn from the US about fighting wars. Just look at our glorious record in winning since WW2.

how many oarsmen does it take to get the 'ship' up to 30 knots?

Sink it.

I want to be the first one on the tour to explore it...on the bottom Caspian sea.

FYI yards and meters are not the same length

Another cheap bathtub toy.One tomahawk missile strike from U.S. and the ship is no more and reduced to the size of a pocket knife.

Whats the relevent between iran's ship in caspian sea and us navy in persiangulf????please taKe care of your nose.can anyone say toy-boat 3 times real fast?

A long time ago,in a continent not so far away,the world stood by and watched a country ignore it's agreements with the league of nations and sparked a global conflict...those who forget the past are domed to repeat it...the leader of Iran shows traits that have been seen many times in the past,causing regional/global conflicts based on their single minded ambitions of greatness......I've no doubt my grandchildren will watch documentaries about this guy and the destruction he was allowed to cause for lack of the united nations ability to hold to their purpose of existence...

Unless they have very sophisticated detection and targeting technology, they wasted money.  It's not about the vessel; it's about its fighting capabilities.  No nation can depend on big ships.  They are slow moving, practically stationary targets.  They need the capability to destroy the things that are intending top destroy them.  Whatever floats their boats.

When you hear them saying peace and security know the end is near.

Let Israel handle it! After all they do say they're Gods chosen people! God will hand them the victory!

Again this would be like if the US built a ship and put it in lake Erie

I say go park that Iranian ship in international waters right off Washington DC.Sounds FAIR. Then launch Drones from it to see what kind of TP Obama uses, 3 ply or the Constitution pillowed type.

Their "new destroyer" is a 1985 Bayliner they picked up on Craigslist Moscow, crewed by a couple of 17 year olds with 22s and, of course, a gold muhammed hood ornament.

so much for the sanctions

Domestically built......that ought to be safe......Just another despot with a gun, bullying thier neighbors. How long will it last until someone gets hurt? There is no backbone in the region it seems for this sword waving.

If you guys think Irans military capabilities stink and you can destroy its entire fleet in four hours why are you trembling and making this news. There are many nations who do the same.

This is like us putting a Warship in Lake Superior and saying it'll defend us from Canada...

Another future reef

Thats an expensive new fish habitat they have there.

What would they do if they weren't under sanctions?

What color is  it purple??

Looks like Ares is not on there side today

iran iran when will you learn

A Bass Tracker with a 50mm machine gun!I bet it functions just as well as their new super high tech jet fighter...

Well all I can say is I hope their Archers are well  trained!

Good for them. Keep it going.

are you sure? did it float? its not a model is it? maybe they can take some picture with there new jet fighter? that would really show me that they wanted peace,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,

Its just a hamster on a raft with a paintball gun

Everybodys #$%$ is burning here. Only you are not. There's also cleaves. Still Usa fighting in sand. God know will they ever win or go back their country like a russia

LOL! Nothing like launching a war head to bolster peace and friendship in any region!!

wait til you see it rermember the cartels have hired scientist and naval archetics from other countries to build drug subs and now they can submerge to 100 feet below the waters surface don't put it passed iran to do similar #$%$. hell didn't they just hire dennis rodman as their ambassador

seriously? they should do somthin bout those screen doors lol

Believe mne when i say when the Us cowards technology edge is gone most of them if not all will be running faster than Bolt"Ahabb, where we poot battrees??" Uhhh....look under seet Inssein...look under seet!!!!

why shoudnt we take billions ear marked for our enemys over seas and put it into medicare

May the destroyer's missile bring down imperialist aircraft, insh'allah!

Strength vs weakness why are the US so shaking up? US only strength is technology edge. US technology edge disabled then no way in this mysterious universe can the US win a war by playing fair. Equal war between US and Iran meaning the US technology edge is disable then most of all the US soldiers will be slaughtered by the persians when the war is fair. Man to man combat the US have no chance so they have to rely on their technology advantages

Iran is the first power in the Persian Gulf and middle east. USA knows this very well.

Why is it that a country is not able to have it own military resources?  USA is not the world police.  The comments that I have read so far demonstrates the arrogance of the people of the U.S. to always down play a country that the media has lead you to believe is something to view with distain.  Look in the mirrow.  Our forefathers were the worlds greatest terrorist.

I would love  to see the Pics of destroyer, probably will make my day with good laugh, is that stealth too?

Operative words "Oil Rich", stymied by the people being aware of the big push to make something go bang,bang and boom, now they are going the indirect approach and low keyed, YUP! Iran is terrifying they are using their Navy in the SEAS near their home, wow! that was close.Notice the stories of the MILITARY INDUSTRIAL COMPLEX, gouging itself on the FAT from the Government for a NEW believe Missile defense system is now on the back page and the PARTY goes on.Then you have Venezuela, England has backed down and the pressure of N. Korea has suddenly vanished, OH, the Miracles of the Military Industrial Complex and it Make Believe WARS, don't forget, Iraq is on the UP SWING on the purchase of Weapons, and the beat goes on and the MILITARY INDUSTRIAL COMPLEX laughs all the way to the bank, PARTY.

NUKE it then nuke the entire country for Jesus!!!! Jesus demands the blood of the camel humping worshippers of satin to slake His thirst! Kill them ALL for our Lord!!!!!

Tempest in a teapot?So who cares what size the ships are. The fact is that Iran has placed them there.The main objective is oil and may be #$%$ off russia or helping them.

WASHINGTON (AP) — Ten years and hundreds of billions in American taxpayer funds later, Iraq is still so unstable and broken that even its leaders question whether U.S. efforts to rebuild the war-torn nation were worth the cost.In his final report to Congress, Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction Stuart Bowen's conclusion was all too clear: Since the invasion a decade ago this month, the U.S. has spent too much money in Iraq for too few results.

I am surprised that the United States has not objected to them building their own ships.  It seems as though we #$%$ about everything that is competition to the US war machine.  They should #$%$ about clothing manufacturers in China and shoe makers and auto builders.

Launched a destroyer...So Fear Mongering....I guess it sounds better than a paddle boat...Can hold 1 helicopter? Unless it is Air Wolf who cares....It's probably to make sure the captain doesn't go down with the ship....

Whats the point Iran? Do you really think the USA will let you get strong? We learned a hard lesson in WW2! We will not let Iran become a force of strength that we need to worry about! Sorry about that guys!

it could be pumping black smoke and you will sill hear " see they're using the tech for war, only we can put nuclear engines in to get from point a to point b."

Iran is doing just DANDY ever since George W.rong Bush'ite II attacked and de-stabilized IRAQ - the enemy of our ENEMY.  Geniuses!!!!  How much more will all this cost us in the end??!??

don't forge the rubber band to whind it up

it seems like the whole world is against only 1 country. is it fair?  what if u.s.a or u.k was at Iran's place or position? every country has a right to defend itself if been attacked.

A.P.  iran is remaking the old U.S. tv show  Voyage to the Bottom of The Sea.The only difference between the two shows is Iran is using a detroyer (?) instead of a submarine.  More on this story later.Cruise at 30 knots huh. Our Nimitz class carriers are faster than that.

viva obama

wheres the pics of the mystery machine ? toss'em some scooby snacks that will do it.

did it sink yet?

Well, it may be from the Medieval Ages (on a technical level), but at least they built it with their own money. Unlike Israel, that just "buys" stuff with American taxpayer $$$.

It is a local issue as he Caspian see has no outlet into any ocean. We have no battle groups there.

any pics...the story sucks without them

Yes, and we suspected it of Iraq too, called them WMD'S, yet we never found any...

NOBODY with a halffff ounce of IQ, &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; believes ANY-THING that AHRRRRRMEEEENIEAAHADDO or Obee says/said/does/etc!!!! ORRRRR "KOOK-aaaaah-meeeanieeee theer rheeee-lidgeoussss "WANNNNABE" Mhooo-hummmmmundeee, that murderous scaly-wagg cheef.

i wonder if thay ditched the crab rings?I think I read something about a Vanderbilt 1400 ton yacht

NASSER KARIMI ( the reporter) You should be ashamed. Yards and meters are a different measurement. Did you fail math?

CRIMINALS

I can't wait till they start saying their territory extends 50 miles from the coast.  Let them launch a SSM against a US frigate or destroyer and see what happens to the missile and their tin can that barely floats.

The picture?

They forgot to mention, it is propelled by hot air! A technology that has been in development for the past 5000 years.

I think enough is enough, it is time for ISRAEL to take action agianst IRAN, before it is too lte. IRAN must be destroyed once n for all, or ISRAEL will be destroyedonce n for all, the action must be taken NOW, not Tomorrow

Hopefully we will attack Iran, and provide our troops with the opportunity -- indeed, honor and privilege -- of dying for Israel.  God bless!

It will last 5 minutes in a war. Wonder how long the towels took to build it.

Bottom line is that it is virtually impossible to prevent iran from eventually obtaining some sort of nuclear capability  ,,,, but ,,,,,,,Any Iranian nuclear capability is hardly a direct credible threat to the USA proper even with a coordinated nuclear attack with its ally North Korea the United States would suffer a few ciies destroyed ,,,,, the Iranians and the North Koreans would see their countries reduced to rubble in retaliation ,,,,,, a situation ,inspite of any belligerent talk , that both countries would realize is not in their best interests ,,,, any outright bullying or intimidation or agressive actions by Iran towards its neighbors could be tempered with the western nuclear powers arsenals and Iran knows it , they are not a stupid people. On the other hand a nuclear Iran will more than likely be in a better position to deter any external foreign intervention into its internal affairs ,,,,,, the sticky wicket in all of this of course is Israel (which has its own nuclear asenal BTW) ,,,, In the long run ,however, with the western nations slowly but surely weening themselves off of fossil fuel energy Iran's strategic importance to the world as an oil producing nation will become less and less critical ,,,, Iran's leaders also seem to be quite aware of this as well and they seem to be striving to obtain some sort of  domestic production capabilities that they believe will deversify their economy away from oil over time ,,,,, in any event it is in the world interest to establish some sort of dialog with Iran that is more conducive to encouraging them to become a responsible world member nation as opposed to a rogue state that is bolstered  by external military threats ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,Hey a new bass boat for the rich and famous, lol

A terroist tells you he will destroy you when he is capable. So, you wait until he is strong enough to carry out his threat and then everyone says "Why didn't we take him out when we could?" Obama hasn't a clue and we and Isreal will pay the price. The Muslim world will eventually rule us all.

This ought to be a real dandy....The'll spend more time bailing out leaking water then trying to act tough....Most of them are only about 4 ft tall..... A ship of fools and trolls....

And the Captain yells: ABANDON SHIP!

The bad news is Iran is capable of making a nuclear bomb. The good news is they have to drop it from a camel

One way to sink an Iranian ship is to put it in the water

Their treadle powered propulsion system . . . pioneered by the Singer Sewing Machine Company . . . provides them the STEALTH needed in today's technological world. Tongues are removed from the treadle operators to reduce panting noise.

like launching a Kyak...

it would take us about 2 minutes to sink that tin can...........

that's it send the U.S.S. Constitution over there to take care of this! lolJeremiah 49:35New King James Version (NKJV)35 “Thus says the Lord of hosts:‘Behold, I will break the bow of Elam,The foremost of their might.

I think we should take Iraq and Iran and combine them into one country and call it Irate. All the #$%$ off people live in one place and get it over with.

Iran should adopt the doctrine ''military first '' like North Korea ...within 3/4 years you will stand high you have good money and wealth , one trillion GDP

the ship is powered by Pig Oil

Hey Gilligan, do you have the keys?

He said the deployment aimed to bolster peace and friendship in the region..LMAO!

Wonder how fast it is...and pretty reliable too... Nice target !

Did it come with fishing nets?

Here is another one for target practice.  Come on Iran what's up.  Are ;you crazy?

why is america trusting these muslims--they lie-lie -lie---isnt the usa the home of the brave---Big deal. Destroyers are sitting ducks for modern cruise missiles. I wouldn't want to be on one when things heat up! American warships are just as vulnerable, too.

I love to see arrogant American comments! I guess they will keep quiet after 30kton fissile weapon exploded up in their as@es.

The US had more advanced destroyers in 1942 than Iran does in 2013 lol.

Raise your Hands if the Jewish Run media and US Govt TOLD You WHO to Hate.Don't be Shy raise them. or like gaays you were BORN That way? Stupid Americans Needing to be TOLD WHo to hate while at same time your Consitution is Getting Shredded and I sure don't see IRAN doing That, But I see alot of JEWISH lawmakers behind it. Now, WHO is the REAL Enemy of FreeDumb? Anybody see Bin Laden's Signature on the PATRIOT ACT? Anybody?

Iran is key of peace in the Persian Gulf and real power in the middle east.

stupid arrogant commentators

I hope they used enough wax on the cardboard.

Iran in the near future will become a great military power. Iran is a strategic country with rich resources of the North and South. Iran's economy requires major management changes.

thats because CHINA.. Iran's trading partner and Iran both have Money to burn because of their THRIVING economys..see only dumbar-se Americans think they are somebody..America = dead economy = debt slaves.Americans are like an old high school star football player.. just old has-beens remembering when they were great... America sold off its economy to China.. remember.

Big deal.It's only a matter of time before the duct tape and cardboard separate and the ship sinks.

Viva Iran

USA's aircraft-carriers are very vulnerable to Iran's Persian Gulf Anti-Ship Ballistic missiles. Those carriers have been equipped with either RIM-7 Sea-Sparrow or Phalanx-CIWS anti-missile weapon systems that can hardly intercept a missile which travels faster than 400 mps. While the Persian Gulf missile which is a single-stage solid-propellant, supersonic ballistic missile, Length: 8.86 m (30 ft), Diameter: 0.61 m travels 3 times faster than the speed of sound. It is said that 2 of them can completely destroy an aircraft-carrier.Those carriers just make big targets. They can destroy USA's navy within minutes.

I don't think the Russians are worried about it...no concern for us.

We can destroy their destroyer at anytime within 5 minutes.

I'm proud to say "I'm Iranian!"No, I am not a terrorist!The Iranians don't live in a tent on a desert.I speak Farsi/Persian, not Arabic.Iran is pronounced "EERAUN" and not "I-ran" ( It's not track &amp; field )News flash: Iran and Iraq are TWO!!different countries.Middle East is a region and NOT a continent,And camels are not our way of transportation.Belly dancing is an Arabic dance (go figure), it never came from Iran.Al-Kharazmi was a Persian mathematician who invented Algebra and added zero to the number system. Algorithm is from his name.Farabi invented the music notes. Razi invented alcohol.We are the first nation to invent dry cell batteries about 2000 years ago to cover cheap metals with precious ones.We invented modern postal system, first modern university. An irrigation system that can run 4 times around the earth.Iran is the first country on earth to have a lion (male) and a sun (female) for its symbol; and the colors red, white, and green for a flag,The oldest country in the world established 3200 BC.A beautiful country.The best of the Middle East.Allow me to introduce myself:"I'm PERSIAN, and my land is IRAN"WE DO NOT WANT WAR

Again, the Jewish owned media is playing with American Sheeple to focus their attention on Iran, while China is building up its Navy, loaning us even more money and threatening all of its neighbors (Korea, Japan, Philipines &amp; Vietnam)...while we are busy draining financially in Afghanistan, Iraq and now obsessing with Iran.....WAKE UP FOLKS..NO MORE WAR FOR ISRAEL.

oh yeah, i hope after they spent so much time gluing that piece of #$%$ together with balsa wood and some old house paint that they forget to bring their own pointed sticks to throw at us!!

How many more countries are secretly behind North Korea? Countries that totally hate the United States,and what we stand for! This is starting to get a little spooky.

God bless the persians more power to them.I want to know if the Iranian destroyer Jamaran-2 is painted that strange blue like their toy sub launched awhile back.

Nothing says peace and friendship like a destroyer.

i want to see that rowboat destroyer!!!!!!!!!!

"The West suspects Iran is pursuing nuclear weapons, a charge Iran denies."  And they will continue to deny it, right up until they announce the have built them

Best seen at low tide!

Obama is going to get a free test ride while he's in the middle east...

Who needs pictures. War is only a preaty picture to an evil mind,however this is necessary for the return of the true king!

Distroyers are expected to last 20min. in a ship to ship battle this ship would not last 10sec. in a battle with an American ship.

From a nation with terrorist leaders any weapons are bad weapons and nuclear power is unacceptable. The time is coming when they will either be confronted militarily or will become a nuclear power. I would vote for the least of the two evils and attack their nuclear facilities and make it very clear in action that they will not be allowed to become a nuclear power. Words and sanctions have obviously failed miserably. It is time for our president to show strength and resolve.

Great! Now oil is going to go up on the market tomorrow.that is a sea with no way out...     feel free to build as many ships as you want...lol   so u can irritate the russians on the otherside, or the natives in some former Soviet republic rather...

I bet that Iranian Ship runs better than a Carnival Cruise Ship infected with the CIA and Israels STUXNET VIRUS.OOPS, the Big Secret is OUT!

tell russia they can no longer refine nuclear material intead of picking on the little guy with all the fuel!!!

Ahmadinejad should be on comedy t v

Sounds like it would make a good underwater structure for the fish in the area around Iran

he, he, he..........!

Just wait for Somalia to make Nuke Weapons in year 2076. Oh Got to STOP Them too! 200 nations to Prevent from getting Nukes and Plenty of DOD money to waste Doing That for next 200 years, IF there is a Planet left.Anybody wonder why Norway isn't always afraid of somebody Nuking Them? Why is That?

It is not USA's sole right to develop its military capabilities

Just one US aircraft carrier battle group has WAY more firepower than the entire Iranian military. True story.

YAWN!  The size of the ship means nothing if the men on it can't work it!  Iranian operational duty is tied to their salaries, just like everywhere else in the world: "why should we do a good job if we aren't paid well", is part of their problem.Same thing goes for North Korea.And yes, China too, in case you were wondering.I've seen, in person, the latter two.  They are undisciplined.  Scrawny.  Uneducated in war and fighting.  They have the rudimentary idea of listening to orders, while lacking the overall concept of any order given.  Tell them to pack up their tent, and they'll pack up there tent.  But you'd better take 3 weeks to teach them how, or they'll roll it into a ball and tie with a shoestring (true story).We have the best paid union workers building our ships, Iran don't stand a chance against us. Of course we have the one small problem, we cant afford to pay our own damn bills so how can we afford to build more ships or launch another war in another country that we will have to rebuild.

What the author did not report is that the commander of the vessel is none other than barack  obama who decided if he cant destroy the usa with his corrupt policies he will do it with iranian missles

peace?without military, there was no way to sue for peace.iran was learning the hard truth.both stronger nation wanted to get rid of iran on map of the world.iran merely defend themselves.the world shall support them.insecurity of israel was not their problemisrael must learn to trust their neighbour.show some goodwill and you would gain more allies than enemy.

Is the North Western crab boat bigger and faster?

Jamaran-2 will join Iran's naval fleet in the sea in coming months. Fleet meaning 5 row boats, 2 paddle boats, and a 1960 Sears 16 foot flat bottom with a 25hp Johnson.

Why would you built a warship and deploy it in the only place you will never see an opposing force?

hrm.... a 300' long 1400 ton "destroyer" capable of 30 knots.... VS a USN DDG.... 505'/509' long, 4500-5500 tons... speed "in excess of" 30 knots....lol

I notice the pictures, what are you tired of the world recognizing your photoshop capabilities

A good defense is the best offense. It's inevitable that the Jews that steer our government will eventually have the media get everyone psyched up and brainwashed to attack Iran. Why shouldn't Iran be able to defend their country? Israel has missiles ready to land in Tehran. Shouldn't we be more concerned with North Korea since they are gaining ground on nuclear capabilities and our posturing themselves to launch missiles at us.

If we go to war with Iran, this will be a submarine in about 15 minutesAnd Iran wonders why we don't want them to have Nukes.

F*&amp;^%$#k... IRAN

IF IT EXSISTS???? one Destroyer does not make a NAVY...... and yes it will make a good home for the fish!!!

It outta look real good sitting on the bottom while fish swim through its port holes....torpedo holes..etc..etc.

Excellent another target

AMERICA,DONT PAY ATTENTION TO NOT IMPORTANT NEWS ,READ THISMy PEOPLE, USA,ISRAEL,ENGLAND,IRAN,FAKE RELIGION LEADERS, ALL CRIMINALS,SOME NEW SOME OLDBIG PART OF USA and European paycheck it belong to people around the world for centuries   European and US doing crime, some people dont know, read this you know and understandPresident Obama said, Iranian are extraordinary people with extraordinary historyBush said, Iranians are great people with fantastic historyThis is from the descendant of one of the Greatest Royal family that in last 100 year  brought two time freedom in Iran , but overthrowed by England 90 year agoafter my family gone, killing and stealing came to IRAN and today is more badOnly talk about Iran should be for peaceful freedom for people and give them back 1000000000(trillion dollar) to people and their families for what US and England,IsraelAnd rest of... done wrong for killing,theft and destruction for last 90 yearsalso in 1953 USA overthrow a good Iranian government and brought back their puppet king and start to robbing their oil and result is, trillion dollar damages and today criminal fanatic government  and millions of victimsAlso 1981 Israel and USA arm dealers helped Saddam Hossein to make 8 year war on IranONE MILLION (1000000)IRANIAN DIED OR INJURED AND damaged  country BUT arm  dealers Take 36 billion JUST from Saudi Arabia ( as Soudi Arabia finance manager said on tv), with that money we could have 6000000(six million)water wells TO FEED THE WORLD AND MAKE EARTH BEAUTIFUL ,MY PEOPLE, NOW DO YOU SEE THE EVILEisenhower warns us of military industrial complex. Lincoln,about what future sayour criminal system need a bogeyman, before was Russia,today Muslim,tomorrow !?problem is corporations and Israel control media for example they don’t see or hear truthUSA IS FOR SALE,as Congress women said in LA radio kpfk, every time you running for election  Israeli lobbyest send you a letter it mean if you want to be elected you have to sign it ,they want 3 things, First,Israel military should be the strongest in the area you do not see or hear this in media, and if a Jews and Muslim(Mosalman) they kill eachother,jews control Media  report the Muslim 16 times more this is treason to our constitution, Some Jews spay and send our technology to Israel and selling it back to us and another countries and are selling small arms around the world or push US to make war, sending millions of American jobs to IsraelBefore the Jews,, Land belongs to kanan people and Jews killed all kanan people women and children and take their land , Jews are saying God told us to do it,Palastinians lived there for last 2000 years, Also Jews been there beforeThat is why both have rights, I Say 50/50 not 88/12 “ALWAYS IS GOOD TO SHARE”for thousands of years Iran (PERSIA) brought knowledge to world from language to food   for thousands year IRAN was land of freedom for all the people Jews, Christians,ArabKing Cyrus The Great 2500 year ago he free the Jews from Babylon and build back their temple,in Jewish Torah Called him   messenger of GOD and his human rights writing in stone is in United Nation wall,because of his Iranian religion 6000 YEARS AGO ‘ZARTOSHT” THAT TEACH , THINK GOOD , SAY GOOD ,DO GOODBut in last 50 year Israel is biting the hand that save themPART OF US,Israel,England PAY CHECK COMES FROM IRAN AND ANOTER COUNTRIES THAT  STOLE FROMIRAN is 4 th in supplayer of oil and 2 th in natural gas ,but last 90 year after overthrow my Great Royal Family, IRAN lost AND DAMAGED ONE TRILLION ($1000000000)byEngland,USA,ISRAEL and their puppet king and the result is today fanatic government that killed 20000 in frist 20 year in new Eropean human rights reportMy People,our criminal system need a bogeyman,before Russia,today Muslim,Korea,tomorrow ?JUSES,DO TO OTHERS AS EXPECT THEM DO YOU. MOHAMMAD,ALWAYS THINK PEOPLE MAY BE RIGHTthese fanatic criminals today are result of

With any luck it will sink to the bottom.

congratulations.long live Iran.Torkmanchay and Golestan treaties must be abolished.

Is it radio controlled like their stealth fighter?

Send George Bush over there to sniff out any WMD's, he's a expert at this.hey Iran, I'll make you a Deal. You come and protect the USA's Borders from illegals because you are Very Good at it, and we will Let Obama and his jews run Your country to the ground as a favor back.

and only a few minutes to sink......................lol

one US battle group will sink their entire navy.

Cool....Obamonkey finally gets his name on a boat! 'USS BABOON'

Iran is NOT other Muslim countries US /West come and #$%$ and run away.. if you do so. Iran will #$%$ American Black&amp; white #$%$ and then you would know what Iran is capable of. US has been calling for more than 3 decades about war on Iran BUT never has the courage to do it. cause the US know IRAN has the power to #$%$ US.

Whats the Best part of Obama being Black?It won't Show Up when he BROWN NOSES ISRAEL Deep.if You Support Israel, YOU HATE FREEDOM. and you are a FAKE PATRIOT.

Over 8000 Americans died in Afghanistan and Iraq wars, over 35000 wounded and disabled. Provide at least 50000 to‌mbstones, 50000 epit‌aphs and 100000 Pu‌rple Heart med‌als and then you can g‌o into war w‌ith Iran.

Iran will be Masters in region, Zionist and there followers will be checked and they will return region to peaceful as ones it was. after all IRAN stand for Iran Respects All Nations.

IRAN and its military owe everything they have to george bush since 2003. When they began development on nuclear weapons after 2003 bush did nothing and refused Israels request to take the sites out, then sat on his hands while IRAN took the sites underground and began his borrowing binge that has now led america into 16 trillion in debt. IRAN is fighting a decades old war with Iraq today if it wasn't for george" the idiot" bush and we wouldn't be in 16+ trillion in debt.

iran would have been our major weapon purchaser. that would have created a lot of good jobs for our people.  But no; we instead let a little brat nation called isreal control our foreign policy.  we don't get a dime from that tyrant nation called isreal and worst yet we have to give 5 billion dollars a year to it.  need to learn lessons from economic 101Imagine Iran overthrew American government in 1953 and installed it's puppet in power.Imagine Iran has military bases all around United States (in Cuba, MExico, Canada!).Imagine Iran flies DRONES all the time above United States.Imagine Iran special forces sabotage American research and development, ocassionaly striking and killing it's top scientists, one by one.Imagine Iran and it's allies constantly openly shamelessly discuss agressive WAR against USA, claiming it is a 'preemptive strike' , necessary for 'peace'.Imagine Iran uses constant lieful war propaganda (false quotes from American administration repeated for a thousand times in the media) to make the people hate America.All of the above, United States did and are doing to Iran.

Waiting on the photo chopped, I mean shop image.

Israeli clown fools forget the Iranian Navy is thousands of years old dating from the Battle of Salamis. Based on thousands of years of their experience I don't give the Israelis a chance against them. Israel was riding donkeys while Iran had an empire and a navy.

This should only be of concern to all the people on the internet who have no life other than tapping on their keyboards! The reason all these countrys hate us is because  we have our  noses in their business! But of course if you like to go to young Amercans military funerals,i guess you will never change!

Unlike their stealth fighter, I wonder if this ship will be big enough to actually fit a person in it.

And that brings their total fleet of destroyers to two............haha

Maybe that Iranian Ship can come to US waters and start stopping ships left and right and just say, hey, its for the WAR on DRUGS like the Coast Guard and US Navy uses as an Excuse to play Bully. a Global Force.....of EVIL!

let me guess they bought a Carnival cruise ship and converted it. lol Smells like poop and runs like poo too.

Enjoy a week in Paradise on the STUXNET VIRUS CruiseShip Lines. Wade through feces on floor. eat cold food, steer only in circles, enjoy the LED lighting that doesn't work when your cruise ships Generators FAIL thanks to the  CIA's and Israel's Monster getting loose on the Net. Maybe someday the TRUTH Might come out.

I wonder what LEGO set they got for Christmas....It'll be a "destroyed ship" if it gets smart with US ships.

Send a DRONE to IRAN! Oh Wait, the Drone is in ISRAEL this next week.NWO Puppet, Obama.

usa is terrified right now!!!!!!!!iran has own built destroyersend torpedo sunk the aircraft carrier.usa announced yesterday- upgrade  their missile defence

its called the reagan #$%$

Although, I support Iran in many of it's views, the idea that Iran's weapons are any match for the West is ridiculous!  The West will only take nuclear capability seriously.

This is one time that Yahoo got it right by NOT producing a picture.  As doing so would probably give away some type of intelligence capability that Iran didn't know we had.  Good job YaMooooooooo!

I'm wondering why the Caspian Sea which is land locked unless it's a testing ground for a ship that will be launched later into the Persian Gulf.

dont worry it won't last long in fight. Lol

Ehhhh Ahab...when glu dry, how we get boat to water??

I feel sorry for the sailors hope they know how to swim. Good luck. Love from above be.I feel sorry for the sailors hope they know how to swim. Good luck. Love from above be.

And they want to take our guns away!  This is exactly why we need them.  To think this president would react in any way is foolish.  They could park that thing outside of DC and he would still rely on sanctions.  What a joke he has made of tis country.  It is the "people" that will save this country from destruction, not the government.

Eminem said it best a bunch of cocky Caucasians on this site, you take pride in a military that has done nothing but give us higher gas prices and a screwed up future for our kids and grandkids. How will they support and maintain this huge military budget in 30 years? If you have a father that can kick everyone elses dads #$%$ but can't provide for his kids would that be OK? We have nothing in this country but restauraunts and service industry and the rest is military we have nothing to be proud of .We can't even seal up our borders. If we go to war with Iran it is going to get worse here and everyone knows it. PRIDE COMES BEFORE A FALL.

Iran, NK, Syria on and on, our muslim is so weak the world will soon be at war. If we had a real President none of the rougue states would dare try to mess with world peace. Our muslim should be in GITMO for life

Iran is a dump country and the Iranian people are very trashy vile people...we need to destroy Iran, Iran has been a thorn in our side since the 1970s.. And not it will not be WWIII ..we will destroy Iran in days...I am sure of it, we need to get off our ascess andf do it ASAP.

And still there are many Americans who believe at the overpaid CIA knows what's going on in world - they didn't have a clue about this destroyer, or even events leading up to 9/11, etc, etc.

It was't build to be a Submarine but the U.S. Navy will help them convert it.

Let's sink it!!!

So what they made a boat woohoo anyone can build a boat  that floats .Now comes the hard part keeping it floating.

It will be a nice target...is it a huge rubber duck?

Nuke the bast----ds and be done with it ..........Let God sort the out..........:-)

We've "learned" from Iranian technical expertise that they need an up-to-date copy of "Photoshop for Dummies"

Sham on the Arab middle,east states you,are all corrupt by the westIran self sufficient sanctioned over 30 years yet they are a regional superpower

Its made out of wood

a bath tub toy what a joke u can buy a model ship like that at targetL LOL

The real problem lies with what Obama does with this and how he see it will work in his favor. The right thing to do has never been shown in his actions, except when talking about the opposite he is doing.

I bet its made out of Twinkie Wrappers

Any country in the world has full right to build any kind of weoponeven nuclear as other big powers have since decades in throusands,unledd all big power including israel to demolish it.Iran need nuclear bombs to be against israel and if israel reallywants peace they have to demolish their old fashion bombs whichare useless and cannot use it at this time as the new nuclear bombsare more stronger and better than the old built one and costedisrael billion of dollar for storage charges as well other bigpower keepin in their stores and mostly older and may be cannotbe used and that is why israel cannot use it against iran as i think.It is much better all big power countrie to demolish it to zero andto have peace in this world and to live in peace and in prosperty.God with the people only thinking about peace and hell with others.

Good for Iran. What's good for the goose is good for the gander. US dropped atom bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, the allied didn't even wince. Israel is nothing but full of greedy kykes with agendas, they're very dismissible and not credible for all the evil they have reeked since their inception.All stupid naysayers will finally acknowledge Iran's prowess when they equip it with a nuclear war head. The jews and banksters will finally, hopefully, end their cowboy ways and a peaceful solution to regions problems will be found.

hell, the U.S. has been launching tons of military equipment for years, all in the name of "peace"!

well ill start of bie saying this people talk #$%$ on other countrys as if  this one is "realy" any better only defrence is this one  spends alot of time and $$$  makeing its citizans "think" its not #$%$ them .  u  people talk as if u know what iran is about  or same with N koria u people act as if we could take them both out over night  when "truth" is   iran = oil ,oil= world control since the rest of opeck countrys wont alow 1 to be taken over   u cant #$%$ wwith a oil produceing country   other wise u countrys  infrustructer  would STOP over night .....Truth hurts  so  plez  qq  wine about spelling   least im not nieve and think this country  who  in 70%  of citys in it look 3ed world   they might not have big tvs and  great  tech but least they dont have neadles on there streets  amarica = trash people trash country

The Jews have it right . Do this guy in last year

It'll work as long as the winds' blow'n!

Iran is super power N more surprise N painful for USA even make banned N scantion Iran neuclear programme going ahead and USA can't do any thing for stopping Iran USA knews very well they can't do any thing and can;t defeat Iran

why America and Israel are always jealous of the progress of other nations??? why,,, when other countries try to move forward, israel and america  undermine their progress,,, is there something wrong with iran? while always making mischief America and israel,,,