Average guy does a bad job  -  get out!  Don't let the door hit you in the a   ?CEO that does a lousy job.  Oh, well,  you're one of us and here,   several million for just coming to meetings.Of course,  that is what we do in America.  We reward even criminals (banksters) who caused more pain for America than any group ever

not as much as one of the outgoing CEO's of home depot received (over 200 million)It used to be the average CEO in America only made, on average, 50x the average worker.   Times have changed!  Money has been drifting to the top for a long time now so good bye middle class!

$20 million payout for an incompetent CEO responsible for bankrupting a company? He doesn't deserve even 20 cents.

Yes there is or was a change to bankruptcy laws.  AMR is fully aware of the fact that this would be an issue with severance.  Since AMR is no longer the sole entity involved because of the merger, did it occur to anyone that perhaps the airline that is flush with cash that isn´t in Chapter 11 is probably floating the finances for the severance?  Yes.  There is legal issues if AMR does it, but there is nothing illegal about it if the money is coming from USAir group.  20 million dollars to USAirways is nothing.  It doesn´t even put a fraction of a dent in their finances.

I oppose it too specially as a stock holder. The severance should be no more than a 2 month average based on 24 months of pay.

$20million for running your company into the ground?  Hey, I'll be happy to take over for just a million.  Where do I sign up?

mgmt say's we really have to keep our labor costs down.we just can't compete.somebody skims 20mil off the top. the stock is still trading in the pink sheets.never seen this before. i thought we were bankrupt.

It's just one big Ponzi scheme.

Have we not learned any lesson from Wall street debacle and CEO pay out?

Take that money and pay bonuses to all the workers at AA that took pay cuts while the execs paid themselves bonuses for doing nothing.As an AMR stockholder who lost my backside, I also object to this. It should be put into a fund to repay stockholders who lost because of his poor performance as a leader. This is outrageous!

Quote: "Unions representing American Airlines employees had not raised objections to Horton's severance payment, saying that they preferred to focus on fixing the company with new management"   Why not???  They are always vocal in other issues?  New logo, New American Airlines, Recycled Management.  When he leaves, just like Arpey, don't give him one thin dime!

This is pretty simple.  You're CEO and the shares went up 20%?  Fine, take your $20 million.  Oh, you're CEO and the company went bankrupt?  Sure, you can still have your $20 million -- over my dead, share-holding body. #$%$.

Horton should be paying AMR back rather than AMR paying him.  He has been one of the main problems with the company for over 15 years and has contributed NOTHING to the company other than hurting the working folks of AMR

AMR loses its tail, so they want to reward the outgoing CEO, who helped bankrupt the company, a bonus of $20 million. Yep, i'd take that job - sign me up!!!!!

This good old boy corporate CEO bonus bonanza system, especially as companies cut employee benefits, service, and slide into bankruptcy makes capitalism look bad.  D-bags.  All of them.  May they and their greed burn in the hottest of fires when their day comes.

Pay the man $20M for bankrupting company forcing a merger???

Absolutely insane. This is so corrupt.

When a company files for bankruptcy, all existing managment should be fired upon that filing.  Why even keep failed management, not to mention paying them millions of dollars.  Amazing.  I'm glad someone was paying attention.

This payout to a idiot is wrong !Don't like it? Don't fly AA, they will close in a hurry.

That is far too much severance pay for taking a company into bankruptcy!

Educate yourselves before speaking....Horton actually didn't run it into the ground....he was named CEO the day before declaring bankruptcy.

finally congratulations too this official  CEO/Hedge Fund Co.'s bankrupt co.'s on purpose and walk out with millions of dollars  and the working man/woman who has worked at the job for many years get nothing.

Months ago AMR management was fighting the merger. Amazing how attitudes change when a $20 million golden parachute is given. Of course this is reasonable to "motivate a strong management team during the integration process". It is obviously not AMRs managements fault they are in bankruptcy. Now there are going to be 3 big airlines in the USA. Less competition means higher prices, worse service, cramped on regional jets for 3+ hour flights. If you don't want to compete buy the other airline and become larger. Now these airlines are too big to fail. The US government will have to step in, because the disruption is service would be too great if one of these airlines were forced into liquidation. Now are clueless federal government will approve the merger and never learn the lesson of "Too Big To Fail".

I want Braniff International Airways back in business and not hire all ex-American Airlines or current American Airlines employees.

PUT American Airlines out of business.

Take away retiree's benifits so you can pay off the person in charge of the company that helped it fail

They didn't seem to have a problem when execs at Hostess took all the money and left people without jobs.

F U AMERICAN AIRLINES!!@The Swiss just had a referendum in which 68% of the voters agreed with the proposition that executive is outrageous and should be determined by the shareholders. The vote was caused by just such a case of a parting executive's pay.

It is not reasonable to award someone for failure.  Typical conservative thinking.

The unions at usairways and american have no problem with his severance package so mind your own biz

It is just another case of the good old boys taking care of one of their own.  Slap them all down.  America West and AA or USAir and AA, what ever you want to call them or how ever you want to remember them.

A lot of folks here are talking about a payout of 9 million cash and the rest in new stock.........Fools , focus on the outrage in Washington dealing in Trillions and no end in sight ..... The total incompetent Congress..........You personally loose more from the BS spending and Pork from your Politicians...........Get over the payout. focus on your financial future.................

The GOP says it's fair don't you agree.

Parker is just bribing Horton to go away and leave Parker the clear path to be the only top dog.  If Parker wants it so bad, he can write Horton a personal check rather than use other people's money to buy off the competition

I say give him the 20 million. But he has to keep it on deposit in Cyprus........

Tracy Hope Davis, thanks for putting your foot down, keep the pressure on.  Regardless of whether the severance package is legal or not, the amount these jerks are getting is obscene.  How many hard working, blue collar workers are going to lose their jobs or take a cut in pay while this guy is getting millions for doing nothing?  Thank you, I hope other overpaid company executives get slapped, too.

that money would probably go a long way toward the pension funds that were shorted and maybe dumped on the govt to pay.  Give me a break, where else does one get rewarded like that when in essence his being replaced is equal to being fired!It's thievery, that's what. He should be in jail for even considering it.....

lol...Envy much people? These comments here are nothing more than jealous ramblings of people who wish, and I repeat WISH, they had the brains or drive enough to run a business let alone hold a full-time job.

I'd like to see Tom Horton in an Undercover Boss episode

this is good news for the employee,why we gave so much for this airline and is not fear for the employee, why in 2003 we approve conssesions o 1.3 billion dollar for this airline not to go in bankruptcy and now in November 29 of last year  they fill bankruptcy to put pressure to all union to take the last best offer; and that was't a offer.

Okay i'll accept lifetime first class free tickets including my family members.

why are these people being paid by tax payers dollars.

No way a Repuke Teabagger would stand up to corporate fat cats.Thankfully the Obama administration is putting the brakes on this kind of fraud.

They should force the previous CEO to give some of his golden parachute back.  He received it within hours of resigning and the airline filing bankruptcy.  Carty and Horton are the same in reality, the ones who drove this airline to its low points from an employee and customer perspective.  They forced concessions from their employees but increased their pay and bonuses.  They lied to cities and closed hubs.  No, Horton deserves nothing.  Carty should return his pay.

Greed too much greed in this country most people won't earn that much in a life-time wonder how the workers at AMR who lost their retirement think about this?