And again we see the banks at the root of the problem. They loan at easy rates and low collateral requirements. They over extend on quick money transactions with risky returns. And when it starts to come apart, who gets the bill ? the very people who lost in the first place. The banks have no self control. They need to start losing big to help reign in the lousy business dealings they are to quick to jump into.  Governments need to pay attention here. They over spending and borrowing has gotten many nations in deep doo doo. and now have to scramble to figure out how to pay back that debt. If lawmakers aren't held accountable, these problems spread like a plague.

Anyone who nowadays puts MONEY in the bank for less than 1% and watches it's VALUE dwindle is a FOOL.  Only item like GOLD, SILVER, and LAND have REAL value, the rest is nothing but expensive toilet tissue!

This is a dumb move.  There may not be a run on the elsewhere banks now, but the next time a Euro-zone country has a "Lehman moment" (a rapidly evolving financial crisis event); a salvageable situation may spin out of control when compounded by a run on the banks then (with everybody taking all their deposits out, just in case a surprise "deposits tax" hits the next day).This is not a question of little guys versus big ones, domestic versus foreign depositors, or clean versus questionable sources; it is the damage to the overall financial system that is caused when depositor's insurance (sacrosanct in all modern economies for almost a century, until today) is reneged.This is one of the very few instances where printing money to cover insured depositors is not as bad as actually reneging (Cyprus can't print Euros, only the ECB -- dominated by Germany -- can; and, effectively, it is printing the bailout money, just not the full amount).

Please, please don't give Obama any ideas. Even he didn't think of this one. Or maybe he has.

The 11th Commandment: The government shalt not screw with it's citizen's bank accounts.

The government is already planning the demise of any financial accounts we have.  They are out of money and they know we have 401's, IRA's, savings, checking accounts and other collateral in safe deposit boxes.  The government bailed out the banks and the banks will then "thank" the government by letting them remove OUR money.  We are their mercy!  What will you do to be financially secure in the future?  Have already inquired at my financial institution.  I was informed people are already withdrawing their funds, along with their own employees.  Too bad the younger generation doesn't know anything about the pre-depression years and what occurred during the Great Depression.

Coming SOON to the USA to help pay the 15+ TRILLION tab that Obama has run up in less than 5 YEARS!  Of course he just CAN'T curtail Michelle's and his children's VACATIONS!

It should be very telling that our leaders haven't denounced this action.

It's a scary thing when government proposes to seize your bank account savings. Is there anything more intrusive than that? The government knows you have money because there's documentation of it, and they feel as though YOUR MONEY is rightfully theirs. There's a way around that. HIDE YOUR DAMN MONEY FROM THE GOVERNMENT!!!!!!

Looks like people will again start shoving money into mattresses. If it "looks" like you have no money, you will be better off. Government, as sad as this is, makes people resort to acts like this. Targeting bank accounts is truly a pathetic tyrannical action.Isn't Socialism wonderful.  Makes me wonder why folks in this country are so eager to get there.  "Danger Will Robinson"!  This will be your fate soon.

so what's the point of banks then if you save and save and earn a teeny tiny bit of interest and them BAM ! i'll stick with my piggy bank thank you very much.

Socialism stinks

Rule #1 of Banking and Finance:Thou Shalt not touch the Insured Deposits of Savers in the Bank.This is going to cause the worst round of bank runs since the Great Depression.

Soon you'll need to keep your money home and need an AK-47 to protect it. Government knows... It will ban the AK-47...

that NO NO will be a ON ON when you'll lay your hands ....

lets all just keep our money safe, not at the bank.

Coming to Amerika!  They are down playing the debt crisis.  Even no back bone Boehner is saying the debt problem is only 10 years down the road while we got our first credit down grade.  The fight to keep our head above water is going to only get worse.

No government should have the right to make levies on bank accounts. It undermines confidence in the banking system. In protest every one around the world should remove their funds from banks for a minimum of 3 days so governments around the world know that the people won't tolerate such actions.

This is no less than robbery.Coming soon to a city near you.

Ron Paul right again.We should have let the banks fail.

Coming here.

What do you call a bank robber in Cyprus ?                     "Out of Luck"

And think about this, it started from America's Wall Street- HOW THEY GOT AWAY WITH IT GREED with no consequences and walked away with all the cash thease banks are looking for.

Looks like Putin is afraid they will steal all his stolen money.

It's ALL A SCAM to get it passed and keep the People From Protesting.

Idiots Bankers want to start a bank run. And Republicans look at them in envy.

This is why we have the 2nd Amendment.

eu embraced communism- stealing private company assetseu is the new enemy of usa ,the capitalistfinally usa and russia have a common grounds to be friends.It's not a "one-off." It's a precedent-setting dry run for when the rest of Europe, and the United States, can't make their payments (i.e. China gets tired of supporting us).

eu are not happy with cameron british prime minister- threaten to leave euthe depositor mostly are british and russia.eu decide to take action to punish britain.

Cyprus needs a bailout of around €17 billion (us$22 billion) to avoid going bankrupt. To German elites, this is a great opportunity to gain control of one of the world’s most strategic pieces of real estate. Adolf hitler would be amazed at what Germany is doing through peace in this day and age. Absolutely amazed.

third world war might happenrussia are not very happy with eu stealing their money hide in those banks.