The US better not be assisting these a-holes!I won’t stand by the US if they do so!  I won’t do it!We need to get our system back in order, we can’t assist terrorists, it’s not morally right!

I thought there are far more of them... Syria is currently top destination and USA found them big enough threats to use drones in many other countries.

After Assad is gone, you think there will be peace. This is just the beginning. After this, sectarian violence. You can bet on that.

If the jihadist defeat Assad i hope whoever is sponsoring them realize they're stuck with them so what do you do with them after Assad's  gone ?

AnDDD Guess what!! We arm them!!!

So obama brother are there fighting so now i see why he wants to help them , Take them all out ASSAD Now boy get you're job done once and for all finish the dam job so no mercy

stay out of it.

When I think of how long it will take for the middle east to re-stabilize and grow new dictators, I begin to appreciate what a genius GWB was.

hundreds of western paid terrorists attacking a sovereign government.

why that UN  tries to turn blind  ...and does not has an account for these fighters and their boss....!Well... I cannot imagine that a few hundreds have been attacking my city Aleppo for more than 9 months so far... while thousands of them (most of them from Tunisia) had to be killed by the National Syrian forces that are protecting millions of Syrians (Muslims and Christians of all sects) in the city.

Yes Hundreds not thousands as claimed by some of Assad supporters on this Yahoo, but it is a fact that the Huzbullah fighters in Syria  number between 1500  and 2000. At last the Syrian media has reported the truth .The Vast majority (99%) of the fighters Islamist or secular are SYRIANS YES SYRIANS

In every civil war there is always influx of opportunist forces.First, Assad has to be taken out, then the rest and finally Syria will emerged freed and cleansed.Unfortunately this is not quick and easy process and a lot of sacrifice will have to be made.So, be patient, Syrian people, country will be yours eventually.

Assad and his regime neglect to mention the support their side has received from Iran and other regional states...

The 3 red stars flag is the flag of Syria when Syria was occupied by France! I wish to know how it became, all of a sudden, a symbol of freedom!!! Well... this flag was chosen by the White House before attacking Syria by lies EXACTLY as Bush attacked Iraq also by lies. The only difference is in the type of attackers ... US troops versus US jihadists of Al-Qaeda (presented as rebels). Very clever indeed ;)

Everybody knows this war against Syria is planed, trained and supported by United States, Britain, France, Israel and sunni neighbours.The comon terrorist supporters reasons is to surround Iran and to cut Assad support to HezbolahIn in Lebanon.But the sunni neighbours reasons, is the religious fanatical competition between shia Iran and sunni arabs.And western countries reasons and strategy is to take advantage from that muslim rivalry between themselves weakening every countries around Israel, granting its supremacy in the Region.The principal loosers, will the christians imediatly; and western interests in the Region at long term. The Orthodox Christian Pope is already surrounded and slave in Istambul, prohibited by sunni Turkey to exercise its pastoral in and among all its Orthodox believers.Its mission is allowed only among turkish christians with greek ascendents but forcing them to flee to Greece. The Pope election, Turkey allows and imposes election of born turkish citizen exclusevly, instead any orthodox believer. Proibits its religions free teaching schools or semanars that forced the Pope to close it.Now, sunni neighbours supported by America and Europe wants to impose also on Syria christians that persecution, killings and, the better rebels, imposing on Christians only what Turkey is doing and forcing every christians to flee.

Where is the news here ? Even a child knows that rebels are terrorists from other countries .

Even american think tanks are estimating that 120.000 foreign fighters infiltrated Syria. Not hundreds

furthermore , many jihadists are being trained  now in the kingdom of Jordan  by the CIA to be sent to support rebels .VIVA US !

Syria, Iran, and Hezbollah militia are truly fighting the War on Terror against Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists that the Bush &amp; Obama administrations &amp; media said did 9/11Dislodging them will take another civil war.

Weapons and military training have already been supplied quietly by the west to the rebels and Jihadists  ... But by Iran taking a stance of complete departure and " Non Involvement" in Syria and that region three scenerios will develope: 1. Assad begins to use chemical weapons 2. The Syrian Government decides to somehow prepare a response to the Jan 30 attack by Israel 3. The rebels and Jihadists will advance so much so that they will pose a threat to the security of Israel . In sll these cases then NATO will automatically step in and launch an all out Attack on Syria and they will be done . End of story