pull your money out folks. When was the last time your government told you the truth? Hey Yahoo, quit erasing everyones comments.  Makes you look like you are getting paid off by someone

Spain's depositors should be worried ....they are next

Get ready middle class spanish depositors you are next. who knew that keeping money under the mattress would one day be safer.

Funny how they come out right away and say "this does not apply to other EU countries" Right! They are trying to stop a bank run before it gets started. Good luck on that.

Look out Spaniards, they're coming for your money next! invest in silver gold or oil, get it out of the banks NOW!

Obama will confiscate 401k accounts to pay for the mountain of debt he has racked up.

In a few months the US hyperinflation will cause worldwide starvation and violence causing over 2 billion deaths.

Ponzi scheme socialism, aka Obama politics, has destroyed the EU. The EU will break up with at least the failing southern countries going their own way and entering a period of third world status. Will Obama destroy the US? He could because the US news media is letting him get away lies and corruption.

They're comphiscating people's money to pay for government incompetence, and trying to down-play it as a one-time thing so don't worry." Well people should worry. First Obama nationalized people's stocks in GM and banks, and now the EU is nationalizing people's bank accounts. The west is slowly becoming the paradise the socialists want.

COMMING to America soon.People with Cyprus bank accounts will lose up to 10% of their savings as the price of a 10 billion euro (£8.6 billion) rescue package for the cash-strapped country from its European partners and the International Monetary Fund.The bailout was agreed early on Saturday in a bid to keep the island nation from a bankruptcy that could rekindle the region’s debt crisis.But in a major departure from established policies, the package also includes a one-off levy on the money held in bank accounts in Cyprus. Analysts have warned that making depositors take a hit threatens to undermine investors’ confidence in other weaker eurozone economies and might possibly lead to bank runs.In return for the rescue loans Cyprus will trim its deficit, shrink its troubled banking sector, raise taxes and privatise state assets, said the Netherlands’ Jeroen Dijsselbloem, presiding over meetings of the 17-nation eurozone’s finance ministers. “The assistance is warranted to safeguard financial stability in Cyprus and the eurozone as a whole,” he said, speaking after nearly 10 hours of negotiations.People with less than 100,000 euro (£86,000) in their Cypriot bank accounts will have to pay a one-time tax of 6.75%, those with more will lose 9.9%. The measure is expected to net 5.8 billion euro (£5bn) in additional revenues, Mr Dijsselbloem said, greatly reducing the country’s financing need.I picture Obama trying something like this.  He's THAT dumb.

that's what you think '' spain '' what army do you have to stop Eurocrats from sticking it to you too?

Coming soon to a 401k account near you.

Get your money out.  While you can.

Why on earth should anybody believe that?  The governments are saying they are doing this to prevent bank runs, but this sort of bald-faced theft is exactly the sort of behavior that encourages bank runs.

Note to economists...wealth is the amount you produce beyond what you consume...not the amount you consume beyond what you produce...

well time to starting pulling out cash from the banks accounts.You bet the democraps will think this is a brilliant idea.

There will be a domino effect throughout Europe. This will begin to happen to the other economically weak countries but it will not stop there. It will eventually spread to the 'have ' countries as well. I have believed for sometime that governments would eventually begin to seize people's accounts under the guise of protecting a global economy and that governments would eventually seize paychecks as well and pay out allowances to people as the governments see fit. I believe even more strongly that this will happen, especially in light of debt loads governments carry and the personal debt loads of people around the world. I had mentioned this in the past and stated "mark my words". I say again, "mark my words"!

The Euro Crisis Explained To Grannies: For a very simple (and funny) explanation for the euro crisis, just write on your search engine: wordpress blog The euro crisis explained to grannies