They all contribute to political campaigns

Take wheelchairs for a person on Medicare. Medicare pays several hundred dollars for one. They were showing the same wheelchair at a local grocery store on local TV a couple years ago for about $100. Same chair.  I am sure the Scooter chair yields a huge profit for the Medicare provider.

the companies are vultures like the ceo's of  health insurance companies they are out for big bucks only...they work hand in hand with insurances

In regards to health care, past, still present until January,2014.........: Something I experinced so much over the last 10 years as I have been with and without healthcare coverage on and off three times.I had a doctors visit last month in which the charge was $120.00 Then I got my statement from my insurance provider which listed $109.00 of that charge an insurance discount and my responsibility was then $11.00. That's GREAT, Right? The insurance providers portion was ZERO, "$0.00" as they just categorized that $11.00 as credited to my deductable.The point is I remember when I wasn't covered and was responsible for the whole $120.00. Now consider services that run in the range $2,000 to $5,000. How many of you are familiar with your insurance statements where you can see those insurance discounts?So the benefits of those discounts are not only for the patients, but also for the insurance companies and obviously the hospitals can afford to operate at a much lower rate than claimed. Claiming that they have to make up for all the uninsured makes no sense at all if you try to logically reason it out because 9 times out of 10, IF someone is uninsured they are probably unemployed to begin with. Of ocurse nowadays a very high portion of companies are opting for temporary employee's in which they do not offer insurance.I guess if I want to highlight anything in all this, the present and past system we've had launches a MAJOR attack towards those in crsis to begin with. Kick em when their down mentality when nothing is accomplished since you're never going to collect astronomical unrealistic fee's from someone who is having a financial heart attack, are you? So if the hospitals can afford to give the insurance companies a break to the point of only realistically needing $11.00 of that origain $120.00 they are then inflating the true cost by at least 1100%.What would be wrong with the hospitals saying "Okay, this person cannot afford the $11.00 so THAT is the amount we will consider to be defficient"?They pass along the number that is inflated by 1100% painting a very unrealistic picture. Also, how many people hold it against others that cannot afford to pay their health care costs? They call them irresponsible entitlement suckers and the whole nine yards. The guy with no insurance gets kicked in the face and the guy with insurance gets the pat on the back getting to pay 1/10 of what the uninsured guy pays. Then the insured guy calls the uninsured guy a bum? THAT is exactly what we do isn't it?Then a few months later the insured guy suddenly becomes uninsured and also becomes the bum because the average person can in no way afford the health care costs without the insurance. Health Care in this country was never designed for the average person to be able to afford WITHOUT insurance coverage. And NOBODY in this country can take credit for having helath insurance coverage. That is something we do not work for as it is and always has been at the discretion of the company we work for whether to offer it to their employee's or not. The only thing an employer owe's anyone is the salary the employee works for. So IF we do have insurance, we have done NOTHING beyond what anyone else without it has done. Paying for it through your employer is a luxury not afforded to those who work for companies that don't offer it. So sad people like to criticize others on this issue and sadly we have to say that is what much of America's personality is made up of today and it isn't pretty but pretty ugly.

What pension funds are buying these stocks? We all know they are going to drop like a rock.

Just wait till Barack Hussein Obama detonates his code name ObamaCare offensive in '14, see where these companies (collateral damage) stocks are, then.The liberal underbelly are in bed with a racist, islamic ji hadist......they do not stands a chance.....when the Obamas hit the fan.......not one will survive.

Here's the problem with Obamacare.It does nothing to attack the real problem with rising healthcare costs, it is only an attempt to allow for people to have health insurance.The problem is, hospitals and insurance companies are scamming the people.What other industry in America supplies you with no pricing until after that service has been provided ?If you want a TV, home, shoes, a car, someone to care for your lawn, or paint your house, you know up front what it costs and if you don't like the price, you can go elsewhere.Not when it comes to hospital care.If you need to go to the emergency room, you are neither in position to shop around or are you going to see a price list for items you use.If a doctor says you need an operation of any kind, he will refer to you a hospital, you will see no pricing until after the procedure.No other industry has a markup system that is in the multi 100% range, if you have an operation you pay for everything, including an 8 dollar surgical gown. However, that gown is going to be priced at 300 dollars, and if you have insurance, the insurance company gets a break, so it is priced for them at 200 dollars, you will pay about 20% out of pocket, so you will see on your bill a charge of 40 dollars. Great, it looks nice, 40 dollars for a 200 dollar surgical gown which actually costs 8 dollars, quite a profit.Now imagine that same markup for everything required for a procedure, and the subsequent recovery time in the hospital.At all hospitals there is one person who is in charge of pricing, and it is done arbitrarily, and not for profit hospitals make as much profit as private hospitals. In most communities, the CEO or director of the hospital is the highest paid person in that community.If we are going to be left to pay these sort of markups, nothing in Obamacare will do much to lower health care costs, it might over time, have an impact on your premium but that is like using a thimble to bail out a sinking ship.So we have the health care industry telling us to shop around, to be smart consumers, to make wise choices, and yet it’s really difficult to do that because we don’t understand how hospitals set prices. It often seems very arbitraryAnd as a result, it seems there’s a long way to go before we have a transparent, easy-to-understand health care system.

WE CAN ALL SEE THORUGH THIS "NEWS" only with Obama's lame-stream can a heath equipment companies' stock price increasing a few cents is considered "news". This really meat for the MSNBC Regressives to defend Obamacare which is now ravaging the healthcare industry. Every "news" article now is propoganda, Obama's lame-stream and his MSNBC Regressives are trying to cover grasp at anything and everything proactively instead of letting the results speak for themselves.

That was before the 3% surcharge, increased employee costs, increased energy costs and the "hate the evil rich" tax fee all kicked in.

LOL...and the seven new taxes coming with Obamacare haven't even hit:) Hey, where's the media on Obama's read my lips no new taxes? Didn't it hammer Bush2 on that and everything for year? LOL...yellow press. They probably took office collections for Obama's two elections!And with obamacare if the senior citizens and vets can't get the care they need and alot of people who need there life saving drugs will not beable to get them. aot of people will not survie with obamacare.

So those smart red states are rejecting the Medicaid expansion and the poor in those states will continue to go to the ER and not pay.  Those costs are still paid by the Taxpayers dummys (the states who think they are saving anything).

BET CONGRESS/OBAMA   BOUGHT STOCK LOW,BEFORE THEY ADDED this  to OBAMACARE....                BAST%&amp;$@

scamming medicare !!!!

Gee I have no idea why insurance cost so much. Perhaps its to keep these companies CEO's filthy rich!

That's because they are allowed to rob us blind.

better stock up on tooth brushes, razors, toe nail clippers, eye glasses and lift bras

jason , the ignorant moron that tries to blame 50 years of our h/c system being out of control  and stealing from sick Americans, on Obamacare !!!!

Keep investing, they are going to need the extra cash to pay all the taxes Owebamacare added to them

Reletively unchanged...I guess obamacare taxes are anticipated to be passed along to the consumers that greedily have to have a wheelchair or don't have the financial discipline to turn down that oxygen, so time to pay your fair share, grandma. Thanks, Obama.You ain't seen sh!t yet.

Gee from reading the posts on here it makes me wonder.....According to Owebamaclaus, Pelosi and Ried, this was the healthcare all America was screaming for.  Why is everyone complaining?

If you get a tooth infection under Obamacare they will give you a juicy juice and some saltines to tide you over until your number is called 10 months later.

GE is idling several factories and hundreds of workers in WI that make imaging equiptment and going to China to build their equiptment and employ hundreds of Chinese!  The GE  CEO is the Obama Jobs CZAR!

If you have tendonitis with Obamacare they will sugically implant raw mac n' cheese spiral noodles into your bowels and ask you to call them in the morning.

If you have a sexually transmitted disease under Obamacare they will tar and feather your naked body and ask you to call them in the morning.

If you have poison ivy under Obamacare they will rub a bannana on the infected area and do a rain dance to invite the poison ivy anti christ.

If are suffering from an episode of atrial fibrilation under Obamacare they will put brown sugar and coffee mate in you underpants until your number is called 1.5 years later.

If you have a yeast infection under Obamacare they will have you lean up against a brick wall outside until your number is called 6.5 weeks later.

If you have a blood clot under Obamacare they will cut you open and shove some soiled rags in your gut and send you home.has anyone here played monopoly?  the last half hour is boring, someone has amassed almost all the properties and money and now it is just a waiting game to see when all is took.  America is in that spot right now, a few has amassed most of the wealth and the rest is just waiting for them to take the rest.  The only way to stay in the game is to change the rules.  We done it once before, in the 1800's when the robber barons were broken up.  it is not unethical to change the rules to keep the game balanced.

If you suffer from an enlarged prostate under Obamacare they will use hypnosis to convince you that you are a simple microbial life without reproductive plumbing and related organs.

If you have depression under Obamacare they will offer you three flavors of cost-effective lethal injection.

If you have irritable bowel syndrome under Obamacare they will implant a cork in your #$%$, shave your toes, and ask you to call them in the morning.

If your arthritis flares up under Obamacare they will use Jedi mind tricks to fool you into believing that you are held together with twigs and elmers glue rather than bones, tendons, and ligaments.

Do you know there is a tax on toothbrushes? Yes, that is considered a medical device in ObamaCare.

"Final Glance: Health Care Equipment companies."Yeah, take a final glance before Obama and his ilk destroy the finest health care system in the world.I’ll never forget Nancy’s famous words, “We have to pass the (health care) bill so you can find out what is in it."Well America, you're finding out more and more each week. Like what you see?

Many people think that the medical device tax will not affect them, but what most people don't realize is that alot of things people use every day fall under the category of medical devices...contact lenses including decorativeblood glucose monitoring devices (machines and test strips)breast pumpshearing aidsCELL PHONESYep, on the FDA website, CELL PHONES are listed under the medical device tab.From the FDA website "FDA shares regulatory responsibilities for cell phones with the Federal Communications Commission." Sure would raise a lot of money if all cell phones got a tax put on them as a regulated medical device.

If you suffer from anxiety under Obamacare they will cut you open and implant dish washing detergent and marbles and ask you to call in the morning.

Lick my testicles, Ophucko.As my best Orthopaedic surgeon said the other day-"your next hip replacement will be a wheelchair"...

DME (durable medical equipment) providers make good money, but a lot of the insurance companies are now paying less and leaving a larger balance on the patients.  Is that fair?

The medical industry is an abomination!!!!!!!  I blacked out from dehydration and I was taken to an emergency room where the only thing done to me was an IV and the drawing of a vial of blood. I told them to leave me alone and that I was fine so I removed the IV and walked out of the emergency room and called cab.  One week later my medicare informed me that they paid the majority of a five thousand dollar charge.  Not only profits predicated on human suffering and helplessnes but abominable profits for human suffering!!!  Doctors, nurses, hospitals, ambulance companies, para-medics all are immoral thieves and enable immoral thieves!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

"They didn't build it!"

Well duh! With the incoming tax on medical devices, proifits for all these companies are going to fall. About the only medical device that isn't going to be taxed is condoms.There was an article the other day about this only affecting the rich. I guess only rich people use blood glucose monitors, catheters, pace makers and other medical devices.

#$%$, #$%$, #$%$. Don't forget that the number of customers they will have will expand by much more than 10%. More like about 20 or 30%. They are being delivered on a silver platter because of obamacare which is expected to put 98% of 300m under insured health care and will be buying their devices if the devices are needed without questions, payment guaranteed.

taxes taxes taxes don't we Americans love all the added taxes under(way under) thanks to bama , plus more of our rights being taken from us , don't blame me  i didn't vote the POS in

who cares, wal-mart is also down.  walmart doesn't manufacture or distribute any healthcare equipment.

I really hope the private healthcare suppliers can stay in business.Oblameo and crew have this little plan and I know you all know what it is.

Sham flams the white man. Everything is sham they rake in billions while millions are getting screwed. You people don't get it. America SUCKS.Too much Fox talk. No matter which way we cut it, our nation needs to provide access to quality health care to all it's ppl, just like every other developed nation has managed to do...

If some of you yahoo's actually bothered to look, you will see that only 2 out of the 7 companies shares fell, 4 actually rose, and 1 stayed the same.

Obama's "health care" law requires insurance to pay for abortions and for a portion of it to go to paying for other people's abortion, and if you don't buy health insurance you pay a fine that goes to pay for abortions. If you buy health insurance and/or pay taxes, therefore, you are funding the murder of children. If you believe in the Bible, you cannot buy health coverage or pay taxes. We are about to see who actually believes and who doesn't.

AND CHINA IS GOING TO GET MORE AMERICAN JOBS

Just watch all the medical equipment makers leave the U.S.

They will face new taxes as a result of Obamababaganoush's health care bill.They, as corporations, have options such as:1. Moving production plants to Mexico or CH to reduce production costs and other overhead issues.2. Pass along the new tax costs to clients/users.3. 1 and 2.I think they'll do option three and this country will lose more manufacturing jobs, states will lose payroll taxes, Feds will lose social security tax payers, Feds will lost medicare tax payers and the Feds will lose more income tax payers. Remember, this is just one tax out of over 20 in the Obamacare package.