Im thinking he was tired of seeing her in pain (hence she was in Hospice) and he didn't want to live on this earth without her so he did what he thought would be best for the both of them.... R.I.P.

And may they both rest in peace, condolences to their family. All to often we read about the elderly suffering from illness as the surviving partner watches on helplessly, I simply can't imagine the pain they must feel.

People in pain from incurable diseases that are dying shouldn't be at the mercy of the DEA.Their doctors shouldn't be put in prison either.  The DEA SUCKS. If you take a pain killer for a head ache, something to help you sleep-don't you dare criticize this.

Its time for a "Right to Die Act".  Elderly people should not have to watch a partner suffer and the elderly should not have to be at the mercy of a miserable life.  If every state would have a right to die bill, we would not have to hear stories such as this.

This is pure speculation on my part, but I think he probably killed her to put her out of her misery, so to speak, and then killed himself so he wouldn't have to live without her.

To all those making comments in the negative it wouldn't be so funny if it were your parents or grandparents. Remember everyone will be elderly one day if they should live so long.

i`d rather be shot to death then go to a nursing home !!!

I feel for their kids.

My parents both died of natural causes, BUT they were both very afraid of  being totally dependent and helpless.   Neither liked to take medication, especially pain medication because they claimed it made them feel "foggy".  They did fill all of their perscriptions and had stockpiled enough to end their lives if they chose.My mother died very suddenly and my father was devasted. He was in relatively good health, enjoyed life BUT all of us kids were afraid he would end his life because he didn't want to go on without my mom.  While my father was otherwise occupied my brother loaded up all of my dad's guns/ammunition and my sister/I flushed all the pills down the toilet.Fortunately, by the time he realized they were gone he was ready to continue life for us kids, his friends and knowing that mom  would not want him to stop living.  He lived another ten healthy/happy years after her death and we were all so greatful for his presence.

The very reason we need assisted suicide and mercy euthanasia. Who in the hell wants constant pain or be a spoon fed vegetable. Not me. You have no life without health. Plus, when you get old you need teeth, decent eyesight and your mind if you want to enjoy it.I've been to that hospice for 2 family members.That's why I keep a .45 cal bullet handy.

It is sad we treat aging animals better than we do people.

That  is so sad they lived to a ripe old age and it's ends so tragically. Hope they make it to Heaven.

Having just lost my mother whos spent the last few "years"of  here life suffering from multiple back breaks, 2 broken arms and a broken hip  due to severe osteoporosis, alzheimer's, Parkinson's disease, macular degeneration and cataracts  I complety understand this mans helplessness.  I took care of her for her last year and seeing how she suffered , I remembered Dr. Kavorkian and grew to respect his assisted suicides. My mother had been so vibrant and independent.  I know she would never have wanted to live way, she didnt even knowe most days.

Losing two customers at the same time must be painful for the hospice.

i agree there should a right to  die bill

isnt that one of those "gun free zones" !!

Ban all guns at the hospice!

Watch.  The D.A. will go after someone.  Can't prosecute the dead husband, so he'll charge the hospice staff.  Wait.  They were already slowly killing the lady with narcotics anyway.