I love Meijer's and now I love them even more!

Yeah Meijers! Buy local! Its also better for the environment to buy local!

That's nice, but how about some real jobs.....you remember those, the ones you can actually make a living at?

Good for them!

At least they try... The rest is bs...

I miss Meijer's. I wish I lived close to one.

just got a notice today that meijer is ending it's 20% off grocery coupons that you got by spending $2000 on their credit card. that will cost my family a lot more money in groceries, may have to switch stores now with walmart, kroger, food town, a spartan store and many other options. ending that 20% coupon is BAD business meijer

Didn't someone who started Wal(of China)Mart have this same mentality somewhere in the past???? It worked once and it will surely work again!!!!

When I worked for Meijer back in the day, the joke among the employees was that the week after the "Made in Michigan" sale, there'd be a "Made in Taiwan" sale, ten times bigger.

Maybe these larger retailers will start using companies that make american made products.Many people buy chines made junk because it's their only option.I know if I had access to american made products and I was certain they were actually made in america I would buy them.I know people say they would be to expensive but if I can buy a barbecue once every 10 years instead of once every 2 years it would worth paying more.The wealthy know this.You've got cheap asian and mexican manufactured items and expensive quality european goods.We need middle of the road priced american made quality goods as an option.Meijer needs to relocate it's office back to Greenville!

I was laughing I thought you said marijuana sauce!

oh thank god maybe I can get a job now, I am 28 and have lost 35lbs due to lack of income. I will do ANYTHING, push carts, clean toilets I dont care anymore I am literally dying.

Meijer would be better served by focusing on customer service issues such as keeping shelves stocked with product and reducing checkout times rather than this promotional campaign.

I go to Wal Mart about two times per year if possible.  Meijer is my store of choice.  I hope they don't stop with Michigan made products.  Ohio has a lot to offer as well!!

what a great program taking care of local Business what a concept

I wish they would expand it's check-out lanes to include more people, it's ashame I can spend ten minutes shopping for somethin and thin spend 30mins waiting in a line to pay for it.