Cut all aid to these terrorists!! Give the money to american citizens.

You are right 'S' to refer to the Israelis as terrorists!

Wow wrote a comment on this story and had 3 thumbs up and 14 thumbs down and taken down in 45 sec. I think it was a record take down. weeeeeeeeeee

It hard to keep the neighbors content -when you keep annexing their land...!!

How many years do we have to see this SAP's face ?

Does anyone realize how much MONEY in foreign aid we give to Israel, Egypt, Jordan, Pakistan? I looked this up a few minutes ago, We give away millions of dollars in Foreign aid every year to these countries. The people in these countries hate the USA but yet we give our tax dollars to them.  If you don't believe me, look it up! All I did was put Foreign aid i the search on my computer!

All that Obama has to do is cut the  money flow and all that nonsense will stop.

Why does my government keep funding supporting and defending Israeli expansionist and provocateurs ??  What in it for America ??

Israel has no respect for any one but themselves.

And just to prove how safe it is , the whole ministry cabinet will move there too !

Down town Tehran can use a Kosher deliBuild Baby Build! It's your land and the African Queen has bought into the Palestinian lie and attempted theft.No one cares what Obama thinks anyway!

This is not our business.  Cut aid to BOTH parties and let them sort it out themselves.  America has enough problems with our OWN border to worry about a foreign border on the other side of the globe.

Please stop using the term:  "settlements".  It implies that someone doesn't already own and live on or farm the land.  This is disgusting.  Disposessing people simply because you can.  Where is the shame?

Israel is such a thieving country my god. Not only do they steal land but steal U.S. taxpayer money. This country needs to put a stop to this madness.

I hope Obama says that the USA will only recognize Tel Aviv as the capital of Israel to put these zionist fascist criminal apartheid members in their place in international courts so the world can hunt them like #$%$ for the crimes against Humanity of the Palestinian people.

And the US keeps giving them money to keep it going.

I hope President Obama is paying attention to this.  Israel's leadership has no intention of compromise, nor any intention of cooperating with any US president.  Nor, despite Netanyahu's lies about his desire for a "peaceful, contiguous Palestinian state" for a neighbor, does there seem to be any real interest in setting any borders for that state.  I don't believe that will ever happen except under one condition.  If the US withdraws aid and influence in the UN, Bibi will be here tomorrow ready to do business.  That, of course, will not happen.  So much for justice.

Our country continues to aid Isreal with billions of tax dollars, but can't fix the healthcare, education, housing, and poverty issues, that face our nation.

The threat to Israel is not military. It isn't even from Arabs. The greatest threat is the growing disapproval of Israel as people all over the world watch whole generations of Palestinians will grow up in fenced ghettos surrounded by heavily guarded Jewish settlements on every hilltop. World disapproval of Israel will continue to increase, finally evolving into the same basket of sanctions applied to Apartheid South Africa. As in South Africa, sanctions will eventually force Israel to recognize all Palestinians born in “Greater Israel” as citizens with equal rights. Palestinians, being the majority, will occupy the majority of positions in government, and Israel as a Jewish state will cease to exist. Jews will bemoan its loss and ask themselves “Why were we too stupid to give up 22% of “greater Israel” in order to maintain it as both a Jewish and Democratic state?

Risk to America  in order: Israeli lobby,  Israeli false flag attack, Israel attacks Iran, Israeli nukes.Freeze all Israeli banking, stop all aid, stop all support.  Who is more of a danger Israel? or Iran?   Thats easy Israel

STOP all aid to this terrorist, racist country!  Israel is never going to stop stealing land and tormenting its neighbors as long as they can do it on US tax payers' money.  Now they want us to take on Iran for them.  Let them stand on their own two feet.  Spend US tax dollars on Americans.  Boyc0tt all Israeli products!

There are those who side with one or the other, but I have been saying Netanyahu is a fake and a liar, and in no way wants a peace treaty. Every time the Palestinians do something he doesn't like he uses it as an excuse to steal more land from the farmers. We just keep on pretending it is all fair. They are finally learning the U.S. politicians can't be trusted either.

It seems that the aim of the Israelis is to drive the Palestinians into the sea in the hope perhaps that they all drown to death.  I know that the Palestinians are not perfect, but I also know that things have some to a pretty pass indeed when the persecuted become the persecutors.  This part of the world used to be known as "The Holy Land".  There's nothing holy about it now.

Israel has learned a lot from the US. One example, we told the Native Americans, "As long as the grass grows and the waters flow, this land is yours." Israel tell Palestine, "If you have it, we will take it."

Most world powers see settlements as illegal under international law. Some Israelis claim historical and biblical ties to the West Bank and East Jerusalem. But, that`s mean all the people who`s been living all their lives in this land, not allowed to build and life as normal people as the Jewish people. Came from Africa and India and never born in this land nor grow on it either. The Jewish state has no respect for anyone or any religion. And USA, backed them up with what ever they want to do, that`s ashem, for supper power claiming making peace and acting as world leader for justice and peace.That` why the kids growing up on this land with heatered in their hearts to the USA, because they think everything happen to their land USA supported, which that`s truth.

Land thieves.

Why can't the world understand that in the book written by the Jews their God gave them all that land and proclaimed them His Chosen Ones and the rest of the people in the world are unimportant to Him and mean nothing..

What could possibly go wrong ?

Where is the UN Security Council now?So, the are going to continue to be A holes about the settlements.  It is time to cut all aid to Israel.

Well this shoud speed  up the peace talks!!!!! Until the US tells the Zionists to back off and MEANS  it there is no chance for a settlement and the US will be dragged into yet another conflict in the middle east!!!

My government put an end to Saddam's expansionist dreams.  Why do they turn a blind eye to Netanyahu's expansionist dreams ??

U.S. President Barack Obama who has urged Israel to halt settlement on land that Palestinians seek for a state( No sanctions against Isreal taking Palestine lands.. Where is the U.N. and E.U. on this matter. Double standards the West promotes here. )

Netanyahu wants to talk with Obama about Iran.This way he doesn't have to talk about his Palestinian solution.

THIS!!!!! is why the world no longer feels any sympathy for Israel!!!!!

Don't complain when you get shelled and don't come running to us to clean up your mess...a holes

I guess things will never change , more building gets more rock throwing , wake up tomorrow and its the same thing. I wish it wasnt !!

israel has never owned any moral highground...never. israel has broken every agreement, defied every international rebuke thumbed their nose at world opinion and given the finger to every critic, friend and foe, since before the state was created by the UN to the present.

If you take land at gun point it's called armed robbery....This Israel #$%$ the USA knowing US wouldn't do anything. I think you remember last time with Bidden visited Israel.

And they want peace? They will not be satisified till they have the whole middle east.Nazi Germany in reverse.

"Don't worry about American pressure, we the Jewish people control America."Ariel Sharon, October 3, 2001.

Give Jerico back!.....lol

Tell Israel that the world will stop using its banking system and we will stop foreign aid.....just kidding, you don't have the rocks to do that.

Keep building! As long as they are throwing stones, keep building. Apartheid 2013, you can run, but you can't hide. Building #7, and those guys dancing on that van in NJ, yea, them.

Israel, with blessings from the USA, may take over all the world eventually.

of course, Israel Conservatives are just like Palestinian extremists. Netanyahu doesn{t want peace any more than Hamas does. Until we say that peace will never be achieved

Read the bible.  Jews took this land by force of arms.  Killed or enslaved the people and stole everything of value.   They claim it was God's will.  Imagine that.  Genocide is God's will.

israel is stoking the hate between muslems and christians ,  while christian in the occupiedterritories are treated as badly as the palestinians by the  occupiersIf you interested about how Israel acquired this tract of land read: About the zionist jews warsaw ghetto, the arab/british war, the stern gang, the special UN committee meeting 1947,  T. E. Lawrence, Lawence of Arabia.   If you still need more reading read Julius Streicher children books.

Israel is pushing us (USA) into the only nation on earth to help them in the UN.  Feels bad to  be the only nation not to vote for the STATE of palestine feels worse to see how Israel's government is shaping up.  Term limits on congress should help.  The sooner we get a congress that will work the better.  Term limits org has a petition we can sign.

Nice way to Welcome the American President,you BAS**RDS.

The false flag "Jews" in Israel are, in fact, Khazar Judaists who adopted Judaism in Russia around 750AD and are not indiginous to the Middle East.  They are are a band of theives, murderers, and liars.

We are bankrolling a process that kills the two state solution. We are paying for weapons that kill a captive population. We are supporting ethnic cleansing.

The more illegal settlements that Israel builds, the more settlements they will have to give away to the Palestinians in the future. Might as well call these settlements Future Palestinian Estates. Just make sure that they are well constructed with the most modern features.

Israel needs war crime trails.

Wow....what a surprise. I'm surprised the hebes didn't wait until Obama arrived to announce it. OY!

Israelis are greedy pigs...

Every administration has openly and publically called for cessation of settlements.  Yet Israel revels in making public statements that it will ignore US advice for peace, and it does so on the eve of a Presidential visit.  Israel humiliates the US through its actions.  Israel is no ally.america must make peace with iran ,iran would be a better friend than israeliran would make a great trading partner , unlike israel, israel is a user state

Why don't they built all this new settlements (neighborhoods) inside the State of Israel, not in the West Bank?  That's cause they want to keep the occupied West Bank, who doesn't see this is pure blind.

..the jews are smart..they know that the americans will always willing to clean up their craps..

I respect Israel's right to protect itself, and I agree with their confronting Iran about its nuclear ambitions.  As someone who desires peace in the Middle East, I think Israel should re-think this new settlement policy (of continuing to aggressively expand settlements in the occupied areas). I think Israel should - in its own self-interest - suspend new settlements at least for a while. They are about to confront Iran over its nuclear weapons. If they want international allies in that confrontation - especially the US -  they should be looking at ways to promote the peace process and NOT stir up a large coalition of Middle Eastern countries against them, as their present settlement policies risk doing.  To create an international coalition that can be effective against Iran (ideally before military action is needed), Israel should seriously consider suspending new settlements for the time being.Their failure to be more diplomatic about their new settlement policy will, in the event of actions against Iran in the future, be likely to put whoever is tasked with military action against Iran (if needed) at much more risk because there will be few, if any Middle Eastern countries willing to help an Israeli attack against Iran (or even a US-led attack against Iran in defense of Israel) if they do not come across as more reasonable in their policies towards the occupied territories.

I'll bet Obama's terrorist friend Bill Ayres hates Israel, too....

They probably want the US to help pay for it.

All Jewish settlements in territories occupied in the 1967 war are a direct violation of the Geneva Conventions, which Israel has signed.“The Geneva Convention requires an occupying power to change the existing order as little as possible during its tenure. One aspect of this obligation is that it must leave the territory to the people it finds there. It may not bring its own people to populate the territory. This prohibition is found in the convention’s Article 49, which states, ‘The occupying Power shall not deport or transfer parts of its own civilian population into the territory it occupies.’” John Quigley, “Palestine and Israel: A Challenge to Justice

Why do we keep sending billions of our tax dollars to this criminal apartheid state every year?

RIP Rachel Corrie,  10 years.I wish the people of the world could get along in peace,  in partiular the insane people we allow into our governments.

The more Israeli settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem means the less chance for peace in the Middle East.Obama, cancel your trip. It is a slap in your face and americans in general.

The timing of this anouncement is unbelievable. It is an insult to our president

Just because they say they are the chosen people does not make it so~~Brainwashing by "the Jew"  Europe has been speaking loud and clear on this issue since the 15 century just the world did not  chose  to listen and heed warnings~~

Does even the most ardent Israel supporter believe the Juice won WWII?

The whole reason the #$%$ invaded other countries was to get more housing for its citizens.

Remind me again why Israel is the largest recipient of American aid?

Someone will need to bulldoze these new "settlement" houses, you know, like what's done to the Palestinian's houses.

Israel disregards the UN vote. Punishes palestine for using legal means.Israel is setting us up to be American and Israel  versus the world.  We need congress to work for us.  Term limits should help.  Potition at term limits org

Does Mexico refer to the South Western US at the "occupied territories"???

As we have seen, the root cause of the Palestine-Israel conflict is clear. During the 1948 war, 750,000 Palestinians fled in terror or were actively expelled from their ancestral homeland and turned into refugees. The Khazar Judaists then refused to allow them to return, destroyed their villages entirely or expropriated their land, orchards, houses, businesses and personal possessions for the use of the false flag Khazar Judaist population. This was the birth of the state of Israel.So they are going to continue to kick people out of their homes at gun point, bulldoze those homes, build there homes on top of them and then expect us to protect them from the pis(s)ed off people whose homes they stole. Kiss my brown hole Israel.

About ninety percent of today’s “Judaists” originated in Russia around 750AD when they adopted Judaism.  The Zionists (Khazar Jews) who have murdered their way into Palestine have no indigenous relationship to Palestine whatsoever.  Why do they try to hide this fact???

When Hitler was asked why he killed only 6 million Jews, he replied, "so that the world will understand why I killed them."

The combined territories of Arab countries is 650 fold greater than Israel… Their population is 50 fold greater than Israel. The average per capita GDP in Arab countries is $3,700 versus $18,000 for Israel. This despite the fact that many Arab countries have world's richest oil resources.

The Judenrate Problem still exist

Israel promises to steal more land from the Palestinians to expand their illegal settlements....Shame on the USA and the UN for sitting on their hands.....

It is not like the world was not warned~~~

We are jews. We are God's favorites. We are entitled to anything we want. No one matters but us. Gimme, gimme, gimme. The holocaust, the holocaust, the holocaust, the holocaust, the holocaust...

They love playing the game of "Pirates" so they can shout "Land Ho Mateys!!!"

Might as well make it quick and painless - the coalition is destined to crumble...maybe even before its sworn in...lol.New elections, anyone?  Lapid will be building the next coalition....just wait and see....It's getting worse. New defense minister  Moshe Yaalon had warrants issued for his arrest for war crimes, same with Tzipi Livni new foreign relations minster. Now this guy who  want's to build more illegal settlements. In a country that keeps building illegal settlements, has nukes without treaty.  It's not good being the only country of any size backing up Israel.  War criminals with nukes and a record of collective punishment.  We need to elect people that respect international law.  Israel is a danger. War criminals with nukes.

As always, Israel can do whatever it wants. Breaking rules, killing kids and women and then throw their problems to America to try and solve.

Mohammed guzzles pig urine.

the so called Palestinians have wasted all of their chances.  Were genuine peace the goal, they would have had their state five times over by now.  Now they can just suck up the consequences for their intransigence.

Why exactly are we giving rich israel $3+ Billion a year is aid?? To make things worse? Our military needs that money.  Remember the USS Liberty (search it)

Bibi leave the Palestinians alone

People from Brooklyn and Queens are moving to these settlements and replacing people who have lived on these lands for centuries.They say their god gave them these lands so that's it.

Israel's internet thumb team do israel's dirty work of hiding the truth . Disguising israel's land thievery, ethnic cleansing and apartheid is a huge israeli industry...Even their hired and paid for internet thugs can't cover it up...

why do we care so much what this f.. jew does?  All he is interested is to have us fight his dirty wars  Go  f,, yourself

They really insult openly the US and we just acknowledge. It is insane.We should let them go. Without support they will listen, especially if we cut the financial aid that they don't need , but that we need for our budget.I am tired that we support such bad people"Lebensraum" is obviously still alive and flourishing.

Way to go for peace.

EVICT.... THE..... DIRTBAG..... MMMOOOSSSlim... POS..eur ....potus !!!!!!!!!!!!

Why in the hell are we giving foreign aide to these arrogant #$%$holes?I for one say...let their country men support them...not AMERICANS.nitkumpoop does not give a rats #$%$ about us....just our $$$.#$%$ on him and his ideas...just like ak #$%$hole in iran...both nut jobs.

Why do they always try to coerce the world to revolve around this schedule?

Obama and Chuck Hagel are watching Israels ever move.  Hagel is a hardcore republican and conservatives know that.  Obama knows he needs this republican with a backbone!!!!

If the US had a set, they would say---no money until the settlements stop. The Jews have the US by the nose.

Nazi War Criminal and democrat contributor George Sorros hates Israel as much as he hates America.

Surely this is a joke. Why can't the UN get Israel under control?

israel is pushing the world to its limit , respect and compassion for the jewish statecant by maintained if israel continues its criminal actions against the native palestiniansit was against international law in 1947 to eject the native population from their land andhomes and this is the law today , israel spit on the laws and world opinionWe need to cut off all support to Israel. Let them do what they're going to do. But as long as their government chooses not support all their people equally, it is no friend to democracy, regional order, or me and you. It's not Zionism or even practical Judaism that drives the government there. It's power and money and bigotry and hatred. I can't believe we've given them billions and billions. But I believe the State of Israel has the right to exist. They'll be all right without our money. Israel has 200 nuclear missiles. No one will invade if we stop the money train. Can't we just try it and see that nothing will happen? Nothing, except the Israeli Government being evil.

Hmmm ? And meanwhile US media can't understand why more rocket attacks into Israel.

The Israeli policy of settlement-building is no different from Hitler's policy of lebensraum. This is just another way that modern Israel has been modeled after Hitler's Germany.

No more talks about jerusalem !!! It is the capital of israel and the most holy city of the jews &amp; the christians !!! God bless israel !!!

The Jewish lobby  own our poiticians

If Obama has any courage at all he must stop the crimes of the land-stealing Zinoists!

just goes to show jews don't want any peace deals.

ISRAEL IS STICKING IT TO THE WORLD .

This is another slap in the face just like they did the Vice Pres. If Obama decides not go, it would be a slap back into the #$%$' faces...and america's conservatives, too.

So, Barrack says please halt settlements but this is really not what he meant - he has worked it all out beforehand to mean increase building settlements. We used to play this game as kids. We called it the OPPOSITE game.What the world needs now, is hate, sour hate. Hate makes the world go 'roundNetanyahu is a lying Jew

Good for you Israel, for the hundredth time you will never have peace in the history of man, you better not lose your big sucker US Feds, or you're really screwed.

Free Palestine

Israel uses white gas on the Palestinians people~~Shame on Israel~~God's foresaken people "the Jew"

If Obama had stones, he would cancel his trip and visit Gaza.  We are always walking out of some international meeting when something is said against Israel, and our obedient puppets often follow us out.  Why not such a gesture AGAINST Israeli imperialism?

israel needs the thug free zone

This is great news Israel is building settlements to move Palestinians into Israel.

Keep on building settlements until the arabs quit launching rockets! I say build as afast as possible until 2 years rocket free. If they keep launching rockets there will be no palestine area in 20 years. As it should be.

Juice fought the Romans and the Juice LOST end of story

Never thought I would see the day when the lying Jews and stupid red..n..e..c..ks would be on the same side."MAZEL TOV TO THE NEW ISRAELI GOVERNMENT COALITION". "CONGRATULATIONS!"Remember You're the Government of the Jewish State of ISRAEL.. Your NATIONAL Borders Completely extend from the Jordan Rift Valley on your Eastern Border; to the Mediterranean Coast on your Western..From the Gulf of Aqaba on your Southern edge. To your established Border Line Facing Lebanon in the far North and then across your Golan Heights Territory to your Border with Syria in the N.E.......  Your concern's should patently NOT include whatever problems befall upon Terrorists and Murderers in the arab-PLO/PA and Gaza camps... arabs have but One Choice."OBEY the LAWS of The STATE of ISRAEL where they are (presently allowed) to Live. Or face the Consequences"..  Your sole DUTY as the Jewish Government,  is to the REAL Citizens of the Jewish State of ISRAEL.......  Building the ISRAELI Nation and making her Strong and Prosperous is your Only duty.....  IF Disengenuous; Lying; Foreign Enemies come visiting;  and then DEMANDING-TIMETABLES and set SCHEDULES from the New ISRAELI Government regarding discredited; stupid; foolhardy; and suicidal-withdrawals from historically JEWISH LAND comprising all of Judea; Samaria; and Jerusalem..  Quickly Set them Straight. Unambiguously;  and Send them off,  EMPTYHANDED..

America should cut off all aid to Isreal until the settlement building stops!

Reptilions need a place to live too!

The man in Europe was so right ~~He told the world this would happen

Hitler called this same idea "Lebensraum" or "living space"

No occupying force lasted with putting out so much hate as Israel has done. Israel has stolen water that was shared by all for centuries. Zionists are not Semitic and have no heart or knowledge to govern the Holy Land. Zionists burn olive trees so they can make room for more squatters.

So, Israel announces more settlements? They're spitting on the USA again. Obama, cancel your trip to hebrewland and cut off all aid to Israel, until all the illegal settlements are VACATED

Our greatest ally in the middle east or greatest reason why we are so hated there?

We know its wrong. Writting our reps should help.

Hmmm ? And meanwhile US media can't understand why more rocket attacks into Israel.Watch the low life Palestinians cry and cry some more, and continue to terrorize more.

Isreal knows best............. occuping, stealing, bullies...........................Plus sucking U.S $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

It's worth reminding people that this land in the West Bank is not "Palestinian" land. It is land seized from Jordan. You have not heard a peep out of Jordan demanding its return.

The Stupid, Immature 'potus,' 'Bonzo-bama' apparently sent the ISRAELI GOVERNMENT a letter days ago. Anticipating his arrival in a short time for a visit...... BONZO-bama,  is childishly; naively,  DEMANDING a Set-TIMETABLE from the Government of ISRAEL of when ISRAEL WILL Expect to Completely Remove; Withdraw; Dismantle; and Crush All traces of Jewish-ISRAEL'S 5,800 year History on that LAND.Thankfully and Unambiguously;  the Government of ISRAEL is going to Quickly; CLEARLY;  and distinctly,  tell Bonzo-boy-bama,  'where He can Stuff his idea.'If the palestinians want some land,  I understand there's going to be lot's of vacant; uninhabited; cleared land; over in Syria.. real soon. The palestinians can go to Syria..

Will they follow HUD's like anti-discrimination law. If not, US tax dollar should not be used.

Many of the master “race” are light skinned blue eyed people and so am I.  That means I am of the same race so where is my new home and welfare checks from the USA??

Over 80,000 dead Muslims in Syria = Muslims KILLING Muslims....They are also killing eachother in Egypt, Yemen, Iraq, Iran, Libya, Afghanistan, Pakistan, etc... Lets face facts Muslims like to kill eachother.

Cut all American support to Israel. Keep our tax dollars at home.

anyone so naive as to think they'll ever be a peace between palestinians and israelis???and we'll always be hated because we back israel not matter how wrong they are..

One day a Jewish grandmother had taken her grandson to the beach for a play when suddenly a huge wave washed over the infant and pulled him out to sea. The distraught grandmother fell down on her knees, and sobbed, "Please God, don't let my grandson die, please, he is my only grandson! He is the future of my family, please return him to me safely!" Instantly another huge wave rolls the infant back onto the beach and the grandmother looks up to the sky and said, "He had a hat!Liberals hate Israel.Obama is a communist liberal.Therefore... Obama hates Israel... behind closed doors, of course....

Keep provoking and turn around to us dummies to send our daughters and sons to fix your #$%$

Be a great relief for Israel, and I dare say for us all when Bebe finally fades from power: he knows he's on his last leg.  It's RIDICULOUS to fight the Palestinian people - they are not going away.  The only solution is to design a peace treaty and abide by the terms.  An uneasy peace initially perhaps but better than sacrificing Israeli and Palestinian lives over and over, and better than NitwitYahoo rubbing further construction in the West Bank in the Palestinian's faces.Again I say - sometime down the road it is INEVITABLE that some kind of arrangement will eventually HAVE to be made between these two nations....why bully, posture, and provoke any longer?  What ultimate positive outcome will it lead to for either side?  Look at how many husbands and wives learn to get along - sure they choose to sleep in different beds and even in different rooms - but hey, at least they agree to live in and contribute to the same household eh?No I'm NOT naive.  I fully realize that both political leaders treat this situation like it's a big complicated deal - but that's only because they choose to PLAY it that way.  Their respective people get along with each other just fine - even best friends and inter-marry (especially along the borders) as a matter of fact!  The people are not encouraging constant animosity and bloodshed - it's their 'leaders' who are dumbly caught-up in proving to the other who's dickizbigge eh?: insecure dogs pissin' on walls pretty much sums it up.

And, I am not anti-sematic. I believe that most of my Jewish friends here agree! Cut off the American dollars and the settlement bldg will stop!

Rand Paul: End 'Welfare' to Israel

So Israel will have no peace.

And you wonder why the Palestinians are #$%$. Hey it happens here in the America's too.

Israel has no problem doing this because they know their satelite country, the Unted States, will stand with them for fear of losing the love of the Jewish God.

I sure could use a house to live in.

And the Palestinians pledge more suicide bombings. Just remember the decisions you make will always have ramifications, whether it's good or bad. That's open to interpretation!2.1% of the American population is Jewish. Half of these don't care about Israel. Why should the US policy be controlled by 1% of our population?

Muslims attacked us and if they deserve sympathy, they really need to show it or a nuke is the right response.

It is against anybody’s conscience and law (except Zionism) to remove a person from their home, torture them, and chase them from their land without due process of law.

Also Hitler denounced minorities as less than human...exactly what zionists do with Palestinians.

You keep on building more settlements and still claim you want peace. Stop giving Israel our money? The ONLY time Israel will make peace with its neighbors will be when they can't get military and financial help from America.

Israel was formed by terrorism against the indigenous Arabs in 1948.It was legitimized by the United Nations.

The Middle east will all surrender to Israel then Its 500,000 troops can occupy 10 million square miles with 250 million Islamists

American Jews... although very savvy with regards to business... are stupid when it comes to politics.   Most of them support Israel, yet they continue to vote for the most anti-Israel party in the US... the democrats.

(Israel's) "Likud....to advance law of "Jewish state" - The law will state that the Jewish character of the state overpowers democratic values. The new Basic law makes Israel's democratic principles subservient to the country's Jewish character." From Haaretz (Israeli newspaper) Shocker huh?

Why SHOULD Israel need permission to build on their own land? Why? BUILD AWAY!Let them build enough buildings to accomodate all Jews of the world. When all Jews will gether here eventually they will disappear from the planet and rest of the world will live in peace. God Bless America.

The Roman legions quickly crushed the remaining Jewish resistance. Part of the remaining Jews escaped through hidden underground tunnels, while others made a final stand in the Upper City. This defence halted the Roman advance as they had to construct siege towers to assail the remaining Jews. The city was completely under Roman control by September 7 and the Romans continued to hunt down the Jews that had fled the city.

The horror of Gaza cannot be dismissed as a distant phenomenon that does not concern us. We may withdraw into our own complacency and comfort, but in truth, no one is exempted from the pain visited upon innocent households. No one can evade the consequences of the destructive exercise of brutal force.

Liberals sure hate Israel, don't they?

America and Israel are the only places on earth where people are the freest. Those who hate Israel don't know anything.

@Israel:  Go to heck!  I'm tired of standing up for you, when you are currently stepping on your minorities!Welcome to religious dicatorship, I hope you love it...jerk!

Israel is a state in Palestinian lands.

Israel thinks it can steal and build and steal and build to the point where it will become impossible to dislodge the settlers. They encourage settlers to come from all over the world and push the Palestinians from their land and into Jordan. And they are making the rest of the civilized world feel very uncomfortable.

Good going, Netanyahu!  Stick it to Hezbollah and the Palestinians!  Forget about America.  We are lost so long as Obozo sits in the oval office.  He is no friend of the Israels!

I support the Jews desire to live in a land that they believe has been promised by God  to Abraham.  Let the world dispute that God gave them this land.  Who cares.  Let the world prove that God did not!  Israel has nothing to prove to the world.  Nothing.How is it that people call Israel an "Occupier." Israel gained the disputed lands following a war in which it was attacked.

Nasty lecherous carpet bagging Jewish zealots expansionist and provocateurs just doing what they do !!

Israel is only 64 years old and never existed before in history.

They aren't settlements since the land BELONGS to Israel!

How do you say Gott mit uns in Hebrew?

Arabs fought the Israelis and the Arabs LOST. end of story. :) REPLY the end of the story has not yet been written. I bet the Romans thought your story ended in 135 AD

Israel spitting on President Obama before his trip

"...more or less as it has done previously. I see no reason to change it." OK Israel, I agree with you guys most the time.  I don't fault you for sending helicopter gunships to blow up entire buildings when a rocket or two is fired from them at your people.  But why do you think that continuing to poke the bear is a swell idea?  When the bear swipes at you you get all mad and want everyone to say you would be justified in killing that crazy bear, but then as soon as the bear calms down you start poking it again?

"will build in Judea and Samaria more or less as it has done previously. I see no reason to change it." REPLY I bet you see a reason when the Iranians shine a very bright light on the issue with Blast and fallout to follow.

We all know that Leftists hate Israel....ZOG !!

If Israel can keep Palestinians out of their own country, why won't they allow us to keep mexicans out of ours?

historical and biblical ties are not the same as a land deed and thats a poor excuse to try and build illegal settlements. polls show that 78% of israelies want to halt settlements but nettieyahoo keeps playing dictator and using the IDF #$%$ to kill anyone who refuses to give up their land.

One day we will get politicians that are fair and NOT  COWARDS  and give Israel the boot .

The Mission has noted that the identities of settlers who are responsible for violence and intimidation are known to the Israeli authorities, yet these acts continue with impunity. The Mission is led to the clear conclusion that there is institutionalised  discrimination against the Palestinian people when it comes to addressing violence. -UN fact-finding mission appointed by the United Nations Human Rights Council

Every country has the right to build as it see fits in its country. All of Israel is Israel. If others don't like it, too bad. It is what it is.

They will be building on your US home soon....why do you think Dianne Fienstein and most other Jewish politicians want your guns taken away?

No more houses are to be built in Brownsville because Mexico objects! Just a reminder, Texas fought a war with Mexico for land just the way Israel fought a war for land. It's their's. Arabs can't get the land back militarily - so the next best thing is using the anti-Semites and propagandists still running rampant in the Western press - (yes, that includes some self-loathing Jews). Do you know how stupid the Arabs and the illiberal locusts of the left that support them sound?

God Bless Israel!!!

I Think Taylor Swift Said it Best!There Will Never Ever Ever Never Ever Ever Never Ever Ever Never Ever Ever...be Another Muslim State In The Land of Israel.i will speak for israel.  F U obanga.

What a arrogant prick.  Benjamin Netanyahu calls Obama over to brow-beat him into attacking Iran for Israel and then to really show who is boss he embarrasses Obama with anouncing more settlements.  Natanyahu knows his puppet American Jews run the US.  Maybe he will make our President wash the toliets while he is there.

Well the US should send a Drone into the Settlers. Courtesy of the US Tax Payers that have been propping up the Terrorist State of IsraHell.

Take THAT, stupid Palestinians!

THIS STUPID IDIOT OBAMA... EXPECTED to go to ISRAEL;  and THEN Announce to the world that ISRAEL IS WITHDRAWING FROM Judea; Samaria; and Jerusalem..When everybody here read that on the dispatches it took 5 minutes for the LAUGHING to calm down..ISRAEL has the ABSOLUTE RIGHT and stones,  to tell Barack-Abdullah-Hussein al-Obama, just WHERE he can Stuff his idea...

Jesus was a Philistine Jew.

@Jews, To reach peace, teach peace. ~ Pope John Paul II. STOP stealing the land...

Netanyahoo...  The contemporary Hitler.

GO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Netanyahu !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Just one or two Nukes and Israel is gone  probably forever. Frankly I think we will all wake up one day with the headline "Israel Under atomic attack," What will come next will be a horror then Peace for centuries.During the Inquisition Juice fought the Roman Catholics and the Juice LOST end of story Burned or converted

Don´t see why everyone gets so upset.  Controlling territory by establishing settlement policies is as old as the hills.  The British control the Falklands because they settled their people on the islands generations ago.  The British controlled Northern Ireland because they displaced the majority of the Irish Catholic population in the seven Northern counties and settled Protestant Scots in their place.  No one gets too terribly upset over the British, so why get upset over the Israelis?

Arabs countries have eleven times more land per capita than Israel.They already have 21 sovereign countries in which to murder each other. Like Arabs need more land. Right.

Netanyahu a Mosad warrior leads Israel---The United States is lead by a Harvard Poosie!

Keep pushing people off there land will not solve the problem. All it will do is make them hate you more. How much more land do you need?

It's funny to see all the thumbs down to any criticism of Israel. You can't say anything about them without being branded an Anti-Semite. Just pointing out a double standard does mean you hate Jews. Just would like to see some fairness.

No wonder why the world hates the Zionist, then the Zionist cry when their actions are denounced by the world calling non Jews anti semitic.

The Isralis protray the Palastinians as less than human, wall them off in ghettos and kill them for their property.  Does this sound familar?

The main job of the israeli internet shill is..1) Hide behind an American ID. 2) Repetition of the lie. 3) Delete or thumb down to hide critical comments 4) Muddy the waters..and 5) Bet on the ignorance of the American public. It's as simple as that.

The Hebrew's want everyone to feel sorry for them, and to be recognized as god's "chosen" people. Yet, since WWII; they have occupied a land that was a sovereign land by another people. They have committed holocaust like atrocities against this people they tyrannize on a daily basis. They monetarily infiltrate other governments and deface the value of their currency. They continually war monger, against all of their neighbors of the occupied land in which they currently call their own. They pump out propaganda, and lies on a daily basis etc.... This sounds a lot like what Hitler did. Ask yourself. Should you feel sorry for, or give support to a people like that? Furthermore. A bible written by Hebrew's, explaining the land belongs to the Hebrew's, is the same type of propaganda Hitler used in Mein Kampf to explain Europe belonged to the Germans. Lastly, anyone who speaks the truth on this subject, is quickly deemed anti-Semitic, a liar, and racist by the Hebrew peopleIsrael is America's friend.  You Israel haters on this board must be paid trolls... funded by either Yahoo... or funded by Nazi War Criminal George Sorros....

Orthodox Jews will be the cause of Israels demise!  They do not even serve in the Israeli armed service!

This stuff about muslims killing muslims is not correct.  The longest peace treaty in history was under Islam between egypt and the ottoman empire present day turkey.  The longest peace Jews have ever knows was under Islam. It was Islam that allowed Jews to build a temple.  The longest peace ever  known was with  Islam under  the ottoman empire.

BUILD ISREAL, BUILD !!!

When JEWS aren't stealing land and spreading FEAR AND HATE..They're STEALING AMERICAN'S ID'S AND HIDING BEHIND THEM...

Israel is not annexing new land and it is clearly not illegal.  They were attacked in a declared war which they won.  They captured land and have made the wise decision not to give it back but to use it as a buffer to protect the heartland.  After WW2  the European map was redrawn because Nazi Germany was the aggressor and they lost.  The North Viet Nam attacked the south and won. You don't hear  us crying its illegal every 15 minutes.  The Arabs attacked and lost.  Israel won. Its their land. They can do whatever they want. Somehow, despite the fact that they  get their butts kicked every time they still refuse to live peacefully with Israel. One day they will be like the Canaanites, the Amorites  and the Hittites. A foot note in history books.

IN  your face Mr. President, and the world can kiss our #$%$  too

The #$%$ took Jewish property. Israelis take Palestinian land. I don't see the difference.

Puck Falestine-let them return to their homelands-Jordan, Egypt, and Syria-and they can take the American #$%$ bashers, that love them so much, with them.

Its your land....expand it......GO ISRAEL......What you taken back forcibly will be taken forcibly and the world is not going to support when that happen. Israel will be isolated someday, sooner.

I want to see the Israeli Nazi War Criminal hunters track down George Sorros and bring that A*S*S*H*0*L*E to JUSTICE !!!

The only Zionist idea, yet, that has any credibility is that Americans are stupid.  The Americans allowed false flag Jews (Khazar Judaists) to rule Washington DC without even a whimper of protest.   Americans are now under Zionist control and not a shot was fired to prevent the Zionist takeover.

Obama skip Israel.  It's a lost cause of war crimes.

Devil is appointed by evil.

Israel was attacked in 1967.  Israel won.  It's Israel's land now.  Nuff said....

Why not build, Israel; who is going to stop you?

Watching history unfold The Arabs and Muslim sects will first kill enough of each other to realize the real enemy is Israel and then the survivors will destroy Israel.

Another fundie tribe that only breeds with itself, inbreeding for millenia, whose main goal is to expand and take the resources and land of others.

You will hear israeli internet shills repeating the lie over and over again that "israel was attacked" in 1967. That is a blatant lie. Propaganda. Israel started the 1967 war with a SNEAK ATTACK on the Egyptian Air Force ..which was parked on the ground in rows.Israel won this territory fair &amp; square.  Israel was attacked... not the other way around.  The Arabs were the aggressors.  It's Israel's territory to do whatever it damn well pleases with.

Lets hope Obama gives Israel the boot .

Real Americans want Obama to stick it to Israel

Wonder how many people Mossad employs to post thumbs down to any online comments not favoring Israel? Evidently must be a significant amount?

Like real life, while all terror apologizers squabble over the scraps off the oil table, Israel goes about its business. Arabs are too busy killing other Arabs. Back to work dragging two hungry men through the streets. leave Israel to its rightful owners. Israelis. Chew on that for a little while. Let me know how it settles. By the time you comment Israel will have another apartment built.

I ❤ ISRAEL

Western History has recognized Philistine. Read all about it in the History of the Crusades.

You will hear israeli internet shills repeating the lie over and over again that "israel was attacked" in 1967. That is a blatant lie. Propaganda. Israel started the 1967 war with a SNEAK ATTACK on the Egyptian Air Force ..which was parked on the ground in rows.

Them Mormons like Mitt Romney says the abomination of desolation must happen to Israel and take a good as whuppin before Jesus Christ can return

Why sanctions on Palestinians and Iran and NOT Israel? A wake-up call for Americans...*IRAN SANCTIONS ACT of 1996 Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish)*H.R. 938, The United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act: Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish)*S.Res. 185, Sponsor: Sen. Ben Cardin (Jewish) states that if the Palestinian Authority goes ahead with its plan to seek unilateral recognition as a state, the US would suspend its financial aid.*H.Res. 268, Sponsor: House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (Jewish) The resolution called upon the administration to announce that it would “veto any resolution on Palestinian statehood that comes before the United Nations Security Council.*H.Res. 4133, Sponsor: Eric Cantor (Jewish) United States-Israel Enhanced Security Cooperation Act of 2012*H.RES.568, Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish) preventing the Government of Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability.*H.R. 2194, Sponsor: Howard Berman (Jewish) Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010*H.R. 1905, Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish) Howard Berman (Jewish) will place virtually all of Iran’s energy, financial, and transportation sectors under U.S. sanction. Companies conducting business with Iran in these sectors face losing access to U.S. markets; impose sanctions designed to prevent Iran from repatriating any proceeds from its oil sales, thus depriving Iran of 80 percent of its hard currency earnings and half of the funds to support its national budget; impose tough new sanctions on the National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC), the National Iranian Tanker Company (NITC) and Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC); target Iran’s use of barter transactions to bypass sanctions, the provision of insurance to Iran’s energy sector, and the provision of specialized financial messaging services to the Central Bank of Iran.*James N. Miller(Jewish) Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Policy*Mara Rudman (Jewish) Foreign Policy Advisor*Eric Lynn (Jewish) Middle East Policy Advisor*Lee Feinstein (Jewish) Foreign Policy Advisor*Diane Feinstein (Jewish) Chairwoman Senate Select Committee on Intelligence*Michael Chertoff (Jewish) former Homeland Security chief*Daniel Benjamin (Jewish) head of the State Department’s Bureau of Counter-Terrorism*Stuart Levey (Jewish) Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence*David Cohen (Jewish) Secretary of the Treasury for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence*Steve Simon (Jewish) National Security Council Middle East Desk*Dan Shapiro (Jewish) former Head of Middle East Desk at the National Security Council now ambassador to Israel*Dennis Ross (Jewish) Special Advisor for the Gulf (Iran) and Southwest Asia to the Secretary of State*Robert Einhorn (Jewish) Special Advisor for Non-Proliferation and Arms Control*Colin Kahl(Jewish) Former Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for the Middle East (Current National Security Advisor)Well, as long as America and Europe support this criminal thug they can continue to build not only settlement but also start all kinds of wars in the name of the Bible. There is always a war either between Jews and Muslims or Christians and Muslims  or Muslims and both Jews and Christians  against the Muslims. in fact, theses wars are fought in order to steal the land of the Muslims or to steal the wealth of the Muslims. Unfortunately Islam is blamed for all the Zionists Crusader wars. America, Israel and NATO expect Muslim to just let them invade, occupy, oppress and kill but they don't want them to retaliate with whatever the meager means available to them. I think that world needs to get the zionist forcibly removed from the Middle East or the bloodshed will never be able to thwart.

Oil has been found in the West Bank....vast reserves of oil in the Palestinian West Bank, stolen by the fascist state of Israehell from the Palestinians.

Don't listen to Muslims and liberals. Build away boys! It's your land! :)

All the holy land belongs to the Jewish nation whether the world likes it or hates it !  This land was promised by God himself in his words as printed in the Bible. Of course the Jewscan and should build every inch of the holy land. It belongs to Israel - not maybe, if or but.The almighty God is about to bring the destruction of mankind in form of world war 3 to clean up the mess and the filth of the nations of the world who hate the Jews.  Israel will survive the upcoming war: Iran , Hezbollah, Hamas, so called Palestinians and Russia will lose !!!

Notice how North Korea was finally getting attention, nope the Zionists can't have that now. Time to stir the pot look at me says Israel. Cut these bloodsuckers off once &amp; for all.

israel's hypocrites..they steal Palestinian land ..bulldoze their homes..torch their orchards..set their livestock on fire..steal their water resources.. destroy their wells..set fire to mosques..deface their graveyards..then call Palestinians "terrorists" when they fight back...They have EVERY legal and moral right to fight back..

Jews and Christians are forever Spiritual brethren.  Jesus was a Jew :)

Liberals cheer when Palestinians and other Arab vermin indiscriminately fire rockets into Israel and kill innocent women and children.  These same liberals cheer the deaths of American servicemen in combat.  These same liberals still support Barack Obama and the socialist agenda of the democrat party.

Israel keeps doing things that aggravate the situation.  If they want peact they need to stop the #$%$.

Without qualification our ancestors came to this land to rid themselves of apartheid. Now Zionist occupied Washington DC is supporting apartheid.  Not only is Zionist occupied Washington DC supporting apartheid they are enabling murder, rape, stealing, and ethnic cleansing. This is not only an injustice to our ancestors but an injustice to everyone on this planet. It's past time to remove the Zionists from Washington DC and retake our government.  Give  the Zionists one way tickets to their beloved apartheid church state of welfare homeland and force them to stop taking our money!!!!!!Obama should cancel his trip to Israel .

Does everyone know that “Americans”, like Sheldon Adelson, can donate hundreds of million of dollars to further these illegal settlements and that the Congress has made such donations tax-free! That’s disgusting. It’s just one more legitimate reason why Zion has made America into a hated hypocrite.

The illegal settlement expandin', ethnic cleansin, hebes

Invasion is the correct word not settlement!

God bless the people of Israel and I will fight for them any day.

When is the the entire world going to stop these Jews from continuing their Genocide...

So, they just announce that they are going to continue to steal more land...

Israelis wonder why they are the most hated countries in the world. Our (America's) support of Israel makes us targets as well. If they really think they're god's chosen people and the land belongs to them, cut all funding to them and see how long they last without American tax dollars keeping them alive.God doesn't protect Israel, your tax dollars do. Absolutely disgusting that we're supporting a government which is the equivalent to the #$%$.

You know why they have Big Noses? Air is free

Herod, an Arab Jew, called the lands he governed as Philistine.Obama should say: "Israel announces new settlements, and I announce I'm cancelling my trip to Israel"

The day that America stops helping Israel will be a very sad and costly time for this here Country. The "United" States must realize that we as a whole are in enough trouble, so we need all the Blessings we can get. We must hear GOD IN CHRIST JESUS above all else. We Bless Israel, we are Blessed, but GOD THAT IS TRUTH said that those who curse Israel will be cursed and HE cannot lie.Sin and iniquity is already abounding in this Nation, the love of many is not and JESUS Our Only SALVATION is now the minority. GOD prefer that we choose HIM as our GOD, but we are running out of time people...

Christmas is the holiday we celebrate Christs Birth and Easter his Murder to satisfy the Juice. On Christmas there is a miracle where Santa Claus comes down the ChimneyIf the Juice believed in Christ perhaps their 6 million could come back down the Chimney?

The main difference between Muslims and Jews...Jews Protect eachother...Muslims Murder eachother.

who are we to complain..  ?  maybe we should give land back to the Cherokees and Mexicanes

Israel's got nuthin' but their thumb team to do israel's dirty work of hiding the truth . Disguising israel's land thievery, ethnic cleansing and apartheid is a huge israeli industry...Even their hired and paid for internet thugs can't cover it up...

"....keep expanding Jewish settlements to the same extent as his previous government". The UN, which created Israel from the British mandated Palestine, declared the colonists illegal and must be removed, not expanded. Israel continues to flaunt world opinion and common decency.

Seriously... What are they thinking ??? What could they possibly be thinking ????? The US really has to tell them - No more money from the US until they stop building settlements in Palestinian land ! The arrogance !

Israel's hubris coupled with America's slavish support will eventually drag US into another war. Obama should be strong and drastically cut aid to Israel as a means for stop these provocative and expansionistic policies. Israel is not a friend of the USA; it uses the USA.

How do you know a Zionist Pig is lying?  His lips are moving. What about when his lips aren't moving?  That means he's stealing.(Israel's) "Likud (Party).... to advance law of "Jewish state" - The law will state that the Jewish character of the state overpowers democratic values. The new Basic law makes Israel's democratic principles subservient to the country's Jewish character." From Haaretz (Israeli newspaper) Shocker huh?

To build those settlements, they need to murder more Palestinians of all faiths and destroy the ability of Palestinians to farm and make a living.  The gestapo lives

Netanyahu is a Zionist Nazi. And that is not to suggest that he's also an oxymoron, but rather a war-mongering, avaricious schmuck intent on keeping the Palestinians corralled in their tiny fragment of parched desert land. And the Israelis wonder why the Palestinians are so resentful and harbor such animosity. They know exactly what their calculated strategy is designed to accomplish. And that is to exterminate the Palestinians.

Why don't the Israelis just go into the West Banl with their Military and force the Palestinians to leave. If they refuse execute them. That should make most people in this country happy.

and they cant understand why they hate them....

Momma dont let your babies grow up to be soldier boys cause them greedy Jews will get more of them crippled and killed

Lest we forget, the Khazar Judaists slaughtered 40 million Christians in Russia and Eastern Europe, 7 million Africans, and untold numbers of Indians in South America. The Khazar Jewish "God" has also given them permission to slaughter the Muslims in the Middle East.  Now they want to attack Iran.

do Israel realy want peace, i say NO

God bless Israel.

My Church group visits Israel every year.  We support Israel and all the Jewish people 100% :)Why don't Netanyahu annex the whole middle east. . . isn't than what they want?

Hitler without the mustache!

Israelis are racist, genocidal beasts. Plain and simple.

caption under photo: " Hmmm, I still can't believe little st. sim on of tr ent has brought do wn the wh ole our ju den mas onic pyr amid of l i e s."

Israel has NEVER started a war.  Israel has only defended herself from the never-ending attacks by Arabs.  Those of you who hate Israel must LOVE Arabs and muslims.

Obama is about to meet with his boss (other than the Mexican drug cartels) BB and get told what he has to do to pay back all campaign cash the Jews gave him in the last election.  If he really doesn't bow to Netanyahu,  Ben will be sure their is a recession before the 2014 elections.

The "final solution" is for America to invade take over Israel.  No one will stop us.

israel is its own worst enemy

Netenyahu the new Hitler

Even the Native Americans are scratching their heads and saying  to the Palestinians...."Damn, and we thought we got screwed out of our land"Bibi Netanyahu's real name is Benjamin Miliekowsky. David Ben Gurion was David Guren. Golda Meir was Golda Mobavich. Shimon Perez was Simon Perski. Bunch of damn Pollock Khazar frauds.

Yeah,accordingly as prophcy so states...Are looking at the Golan today and ready your building?Bill White

In 200 years all of Lebonon will be greater Israel.  Part of the problem is trying to take over all of the water rights.  When much of the landscape of that country is totally sandy, I wonder how Jesus became a carpeter when there isn't a tree to be found anywhere?

Who is obamarama to ask them to halt settlements....that is  like asking hamas to stop their rocket attacks...who is kidding who

No one in the Middle East is sincere about peace with Israel so Israel should do what is best for Israel.

Eventually the IRON FIST Approach of Israel will BLOW BACK against them in a very big and unexpected way...So Sad they are digging their own grave while thinking they are preserving themselves....

It is against anybody’s conscience and law (except Zionism) to remove a person from their home, torture them, and chase them from their land without due process of law.

Why are Arabs such weak pathetic whiners???  You lost.  Deal with it.

Working poor Americans should not be required to fund the holocaust against the Palestinian people and pay support money for new homes on stolen land for "New York Jews".  This practice must be stopped.

Just curious...why are Arabs such weak whiners?  They blow up innocent civilans, yet they cry like little babies when they get spanked for it.if you wondering why the U.S. don't say anything to Israel about this just think for a moment and figure out who realy own america

Go Israel  grind those Arabs into dust.

Typical thieving Heeb blackmail.

Israel is doing exactly what it should be doing to preserve the identity of the people of Israel.  Not everyone is buying into the diversity/multi-cultural garbage.The bible says Israel will lead.  All countries of Western civilization must follow the lead of Israel.

Get rid of the jevv, before they get rid of us all.

First of all, I'm not Jewish and I'm not a libtard. It was the greed of the arab states that created the problem in 1948. Jordan cut a deal with the UN to annexed the West Bank and then refused to establish a Palestinian state. Instead they forced Palestinians into camps and vowed to erase Isreal from the map. The Arab league tried this twice with disastrousresults, losing the Golan Heights, the West Bank, the Gaza strip and the Sinai penninsula. Isreal gave back the Sinai penninsula and the Gaza strip in return for the promise of peace. What they got were continued terrorist attacks and promises of a nuclear holocaust. The Palestinians along with the rest of the Arab world have lost their legitimacy.

In April, Israel will celebrate the 65th anniversary of it's Independance as a Great Nation!  I think I will join in the celebration and do a dance. :)

If Zionism is the rightious ideology we're told, ad nauseum, that it is, why can't there be an honest open discussion about it? It will stand on it's own merit if it is indeed a righteous ideology that benefits all of us.Answer: Because an honest discussion will reveal that it's a psychopathic supremacist ideology that needs to rely on subversion, lies, blackmail and all manner of deception to survive.The world is waking up to the deception that has allowed Zionism to dominate western culture for the last 100 years, to the detriment of all of us. The beginning of the end of Zionism is here. The only question is, what will the fate of those who have foisted this abuse on us be?

Oh those evil dastardly bad guys, building houses and all. Oh the humanity. Just think of the children.  If we don't stop them, then oh gee, they might even build MORE houses.

Our race is the Master Race. We are divine gods on this planet. We are as different from the inferior races as they are from insects. In fact, compared to our race, other races are beasts and animals, cattle at best. Other races are considered as human excrement. Our destiny is to rule over the inferior races. Our earthly kingdom will be ruled by our leader with a rod of iron. The masses will lick our feet and serve us as our slaves." - Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin in a speech to the Knesset [Israeli Parliament] quoted by Amnon Kapeliouk, "Begin and the Beasts," New Statesman, June 25, 1982.Peace initiative--Don't waste our time!

Someone needs to remind the members of the US Congress – the clowns who wipe the Israeli spittle off their faces as they send them more weapons and money - that they are supposed to serve the best interests of the United States of America, not Israel’s. What a wild concept, huh?

The Jews need Lebensraum.  The Untermenschen will be relocated to the Land of Nod.

Perhaps Israel's reputation wouldn't suffer so much if Israel stopped stealing Palestinians' land..stopped ethnic cleansing...stopped practicing apartheid...and above allStopped lying about it...

SIgn a petition to send Steven Speilberg back to Israel, one way, forever !

卐       卐   卐    卐   卐卐卐    卐卐卐卐卐卐卐      卐       卐    卐    卐     卐卐       卐      卐       卐卐卐     卐卐卐

Yes it is about time ISREAL  gave back the land it won when it was attacked. Once that happens I am sure Yemen, Iraq, Iran, Eygpt,Jordan ,Syria, Morrocco Libya, will give back all that they stole from the Jews that lived there for thousands of years and then were expelled with nothing.About that time Texas will be returned to Mexico along with New Mexico . The MAerican Indians will re claim much of the Eastern US and West. Of course we will surrenter to England the land we took in the revolution. Hawaii will be returned to the King s family. We will grant Pureto Rico independence.  The Falkland Islands will be returned. And on and on. OH AND JORDAN WILL take back all the so called Palesineians it kicked out of their own land. BUT OF COURSE   it is only about the JEWS LOL !

ZIONIST JEWS ARE BUSY COMPLETING the fall of America.The Zionist-Jewish banking cabal — led by the Rothschilds who own the Federal Reserve Bank, and, by extension, much of America — are hell-bent on creating a One World Government.Any sovereign “Christian nation,” such as America, (at least what it was historically), is an obstacle to their plans and must be brought down.There are 6 stages engineered by Zionist Jews leading to America’s subjugation:America’s Cultural Decline: This is being achieved by destroying and debasing our social, moral, and intellectual foundations via the Zionist owned &amp; dominated mass media, the Internet, and through ever more toxic, corrupted government school and college curricula.The drowning of America with illegal aliens and the accompanying ‘multiculturalism’ - along with the promotion of the homosexual/lesbian agenda - are the finishing touches to a once robust and proud culture.America’s Industrial Decline: This has been achieved through so-called ‘free’ and ‘open trade,’ (which was not in the purview of America’s founding fathers), the loss of manufacturing and production base &amp; services, and the exporting of countless American jobs to Second and Third World countries.America’s Financial Decline: This has been achieved through USURY and the Federal Reserve Bank’s outrageous, un-Constitutional total control of the US money supply. With little remaining industrial base and skyrocketing unemployment &amp; foreclosure rates, America is literally insolvent.The so-called bailout (theft) of about $2 trillion from taxpayers by a cowardly, treasonous Congress, is being used to primarily fund chosen Zionist Jewish banksters and their utterly corrupt institutions. The $1.5 quadrillion in worthless derivatives guarantees the full financial destruction of America.America’s Political Decline: This has been achieved through decades of the most massive political fraud in the history of ‘representative government.’Since the coup/murder of JFK, America has been played for a sucker by NWO Globalists, ultimately run by The City of London Jewish banking-families, who have brilliantly kept American voters chasing their tails and illusions of ‘change’ via a succession of sock-puppet ‘presidents’ for decades.The Obama-Emanuel White House will complete the job of installing overt fascism in a once-free and formerly ‘United’ States.America’s Dollar Decline: This has been achieved through a number of economic and financial manipulations. Expect hyperinflation to be next … accompanied by probable stagflation as consumer demands withers to severe lows.America’s Influence Decline: This has been achieved easily through the Iraq and Afghan wars, the mass use of nuclear weapons &amp; their depleted uranium residues, and the genocide of at least four million human beings since the first Gulf ‘War’ alone.

They want land? We can reopen Auschwitz for the Heebs!

Face simple facts...Israel won. :)During the Holocaust the Juice fought against Hitler and I don't think they won, seems like that was the end of the story?

Would anyone expect anything else from these thieves, liars and hypocrites?

Cut all money and military assistance to Israel until it gets out of the West Bank.

Time to tell Israel that when UN Security Council votes on sanctions for their Illegal settlement policy WE WILL NOT BE USING OUR VETO POWER TO BLOCK IT !!Let them follow International law like everyone else !!

You will hear israeli internet shills repeating the lie over and over again that "israel was attacked" in 1967. That is a blatant lie. Propaganda. Israel started the 1967 war with a SNEAK ATTACK on the Egyptian Air Force ..which was parked on the ground in rows.

Remember The USS Liberty and Rachel Cory!!!!  and many other examples of the Jews stabbing the USA in the back!

israel really is asking for annihilation if they keep stealing land and oppressing the palestinians.aipac should be destroyed for supporting a criminal gov't.the US should stop sending them $4 billions of our taxpayers money EVERY YEAR.

awsome...keep going n take back all your land..may God bless Israel in all she does

More housing settlements in breach of UN resolutions and sanctions!! Israel work to a set of rules unique to their own, while the US have their lips and hands tightly closed.  Regardless of what Israel does, US will remain silent, but if North Korea threaten with non-existent missiles, US will react with its full might and verbal threats!We are living in a divided world where US plays with its own rules, while expecting others to bahave differently.

between the jews and the dumb racist who support them the world is F'd..!!!“The magnitude of violations relating to Israel’s policies of dispossessions, evictions, demolitions and displacements from land shows the widespread nature of these breaches of human rights . . . The motivation behind violence and intimidation against the Palestinians and their properties is to drive the local populations away from their lands, allowing the settlements to expand.” -Unity Dow, a judge and human rights activist from Botswana

:) Good for you Benjamin take care of our Jewish Brothers. America should learn from you and take care of their people too, not the immigrants.....

How can the damn jews exert such absolute control over our government and there is absolutely nothing the supposed superpower can do about it…. The jews are parasites sucking the life of the only country keeping them alive.

'Israel's Housing Minister"  I cannot stop laughing...would this be akin to Israel Finance Minister or Israel's Community Affairs Minister????   The Jews have been running this scam for decades and the only nation in the world that is dumb enough to swallow the thinly-veiled lies is America...go figure. These carpetbagging #$%$ have been robbing the Palestinians blind while pinching the U.S. taxpayer for hundred of billions....then the whiny little bloodsuckers howl that Arabs and Muslims want to destroy them....gosh I can't imagine why.  The day this filthy terrorist state collapses under the cumulative weight of its own evil the drinks are on me...the entire planet will join hands in celebration...

Palestinian Arabs hate the Jews they don't want peace. Jewish people weir removed from their land Israel by military force of Roman legionaries and spread all over Roman Empire. They weir prosecuted robbed killed during all that time be cost they resist to accept false Gods and profits. True history Egyptian Pharaohs Roman and Greece Empires and Mohamed and many more declare them salves as Gods and Profits and we know they are all weir frauds.Why Palestinian people in thousand’s years of their history newer have any desires to create their own independent country before Israel was recognize by UN. Why Palestinians never resisted Turkeys and English occupation? Why Palestinian never can’t get unity between them self’s? Why Palestinians never lost opportunities to loath opportunity? Why Palestinians for money will sell anything and averting? Is it why Palestinian Arabs start calls them salve’s “Jewish people of Medalist” and claim they are descendants of Philistines. That is all false Philistines and Palestinian they are two different people. Palestinians they are descendants of Greeks and Arabsoccupants of Jewish land Israelis and that is why they trying so hard to stop Jewish people returns to their home land Israel? Why all Arabs countries denied Palestinians of their citizenship?Rabbi M.Khan stated it is no such thing as Arab Cities or Villages in Israeli....  all Cities which have Hebrew names belong to Jews people and in order to achieve peace Israel mast annexes all territory and allow remain Palestinians Arabs walk out to the lands ware  their ancestors Greeks and Arabs came from.

Muslims are sooo busy murdering OTHER Muslims...they are unable to successfully battle Israel.

israel thinks they can do what they want.. when america wakes up and realizes what israel has done to us, then are gonna get a real holocaust

And we give money to this arrogant, thieving nation why?

Why Palestinian Muslims turn blind eye to HAMAS  When Hamas are building more houses on palestinian land .Palestinian should get their land from Hamas not Israel

AMerica needs to withdraw all aid, assistance and help to Israel.Why sanctions on Palestinians and Iran and NOT Israel? A wake-up call for Americans...*IRAN SANCTIONS ACT of 1996 Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish)*H.R. 938, The United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act: Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish)*S.Res. 185, Sponsor: Sen. Ben Cardin (Jewish) states that if the Palestinian Authority goes ahead with its plan to seek unilateral recognition as a state, the US would suspend its financial aid.*H.Res. 268, Sponsor: House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (Jewish) The resolution called upon the administration to announce that it would “veto any resolution on Palestinian statehood that comes before the United Nations Security Council.*H.Res. 4133, Sponsor: Eric Cantor (Jewish) United States-Israel Enhanced Security Cooperation Act of 2012*H.RES.568, Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish) preventing the Government of Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability.*H.R. 2194, Sponsor: Howard Berman (Jewish) Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010*H.R. 1905, Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish) Howard Berman (Jewish) will place virtually all of Iran’s energy, financial, and transportation sectors under U.S. sanction. Companies conducting business with Iran in these sectors face losing access to U.S. markets; impose sanctions designed to prevent Iran from repatriating any proceeds from its oil sales, thus depriving Iran of 80 percent of its hard currency earnings and half of the funds to support its national budget; impose tough new sanctions on the National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC), the National Iranian Tanker Company (NITC) and Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC); target Iran’s use of barter transactions to bypass sanctions, the provision of insurance to Iran’s energy sector, and the provision of specialized financial messaging services to the Central Bank of Iran.*James N. Miller(Jewish) Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Policy*Mara Rudman (Jewish) Foreign Policy Advisor*Eric Lynn (Jewish) Middle East Policy Advisor*Lee Feinstein (Jewish) Foreign Policy Advisor*Diane Feinstein (Jewish) Chairwoman Senate Select Committee on Intelligence*Michael Chertoff (Jewish) former Homeland Security chief*Daniel Benjamin (Jewish) head of the State Department’s Bureau of Counter-Terrorism*Stuart Levey (Jewish) Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence*David Cohen (Jewish) Secretary of the Treasury for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence*Steve Simon (Jewish) National Security Council Middle East Desk*Dan Shapiro (Jewish) former Head of Middle East Desk at the National Security Council now ambassador to Israel*Dennis Ross (Jewish) Special Advisor for the Gulf (Iran) and Southwest Asia to the Secretary of State*Robert Einhorn (Jewish) Special Advisor for Non-Proliferation and Arms Control*Colin Kahl(Jewish) Former Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for the Middle East (Current National Security Advisor)

jews don't play foot ball because they can never get the quarter back!

Christians United For Israel (CUFI) is an Awesome organization. I am a Proud member :)

When you lose war, you lose territory... that is why these countries should think twice before attacking. If Israel gives back territory, will there be peace? If your answer is never then you will know why they have no intention do doing this without some guarantee...

These damn #$%$ just keep making me angrier and angrier. Hamas nneds to be concentrating on getting as much biological and chemical weapons as possible. Each time the #$%$ start building on Palestine, the Palis should shoot canister after canisters right in the heart of Tel Aviv. And the Palis should start back with the bus-bombing and anything else they can do to kill those who attempt to take what is theirs. And quite frankly, they should make those here in america pay the price for assisting the #$%$; and I wouldn't care how many they kill, there or here! Too many are walking around in NY anyway. I just can't take this #$%$ bullcrap no more!!!

The U.S. government should not care what Palestinians demand. Palestinian foster the Hamas terrorist and Palestinians were unwilling to give up Osama Bin Laden (thank god he's dead).

Thus a war that has been raging since 1948 between Israel and those Arabs who use the name of a country that hasn't existed since mandate times for their country name continues.

It's fun to watch all the pathetic Jihadists whine about the Fact that Israel Won and they Lost.  I feel so happy when I think about the Nation of Israel. :)

The damn jews don't care that our president, the leader of the free world, is coming to Israel. They sure know that through their PAC they control the strings of our government. They have placed jews in critical position in the cabinet and congress ... when it comes to the damn jews, our government is like a victim being suffocated by an anaconda…. can’t say anything… can’t do anything.

America needs to support Israel in everything they do. You have to because congress will. And we all know who they put as number one.Cut all aid to the terorists israel and all the middle east ,Allso take our boys and girls out of the f@cking middle , Israel is more danger then iran,!We have no more money to send to the f@cking middle east,

Israel has those folks in a concentration camp as it is, but they are actually making the camp smaller and smaller as they bulldoze all the homes of these poor folks.  They sure are a greedy bunch and a thorn in all of our sides.

OK pig keep on building your death housing.

When JEWS aren't stealing land and spreading FEAR AND HATE..They're STEALING AMERICAN'S ID'S AND HIDING BEHIND THEM...

it would be interesting to ask all the people who see the settlements as illegal under international law to provide legal briefs to support that position.  There is no such set of laws, and it is amazing how many people believe the lie.  But of course pseudo history is full of lies that people believe.

Isreal gained its independence in 1967..And so forth its all Prophetic

The Jewish government leaders just want war.  I can not  figure it our except they base their right to wage war is  "We Are Gods Chosen People".   Good luck with that.  And o bye the way the Jewish people believe that all others as gentiles.  Which if you do not understand that phrase it means they are better than we are.

I would love to see the Palestinians say enough and blow the jews off the globe, well, in Palestine anyway. Never happen but, wishful thinking none the less !

Hamas did the right move , armed resistance was the only way to prevent Israel from building settlements in Gaza , I think Fatah in the west Bank will have to do the same thing .

Ya  the jews need to reach in there pocket and buy the land.It is absolutely your internal affairs, handle it the way you want, no one should tell you how to helpyour people and improve their live style, do whatever you think is good for your people

Well Arabs in 1967 War …total Arab pop. Was over 250 Million……Israel’s pop 1967 just under 3 million …..yet the Israeli’s won decisively …..If that’s not a clue they are God’s chosen people I don’t know what would be..

I thought they wanted peace? When will Israel end annexing lands? America should rethink its position here. . No wonder why Palestinians hate america because it is supporting Israels bullying and greed.

God gave that land to those people and i think that god`s word should be enough, that land belongs to israel , they have more than that thing called deed, the bible is god`s word

The Holo...hoax is the only legally enforceable dogma in the Western World. In over 15 nations, you will be imprisoned for not believing the Jewish lies.

For the naive Americans who don't understand Israel's internet agenda; Israel hires and trains devious sleazebags like "pook" to flood Yahoo 24 hours a day. Tactics include stealing ID's, deleting or hiding comments they don't want Americans to see..and an endless stream of inane comments to bump comments off the page and distract you from the truth.

British colonial rule of them Palestinians and Arabs and the White Paper of 1939 was some weak as shet. Its them british fault again

Israel  staged Sandy Hook!!!!     Yes people died, at the hands of JEWS

It warms my heart to know that Muslims kill Muslims, yet Israel keeps getting stronger.  Life is Good.  :)

After Israel slaughtered nine peace activists aboard the Gaza relief vessel and ran over Rachel Corrie with a bulldozer, that was enough for me from the Criminal Zionists. They are the Synagogue of Satan. No doubt about it.It's hard to believe this hardhead, Netanyahu. Does he not realize that building more and more houses on more and more land previously occupied by Arabs makes war more likely sooner or later? Does he care? Does he expect the U.S. to back him up WHATEVER HE DOES, REGARDLESS OF HOW MUCH ANGER HE STIRS UP? The U.S. has been taken for a ride by Netanyahu, and it's time for Obama, who does not have to worry about being re-elected to give Netanyahu a piece of his mind and to cut U.S. financial and military support to Israel IF Netanyahu continues with more and more provocative acts. He shouldn't be allowed to have it both ways: to continue with more provocation and to not pay any price in American support. Why? Because in the end it will be U.S. national interests that will be put at risk by continued Israeli intransigence!

He is almost as charming and likable as Newt Gingrich (but not quite)

One can only speculate as to the comedic properties entailed by the title (  Israeli Housing Minister )   Must be the easiest job in the world, with the simplest job-description:  "steal more land and then complain about Arab terrorism"    What the SS and Gestapo lacked in raw chutzpah the Israeli Jewish trash more than compensate for...I hope the surrounding nations are wise enough to recognize their common interest in ridding the region of the Jewish State and its equally nefarious U.S. patron...

It is scandalous that the US Government uses US taxpayer money to subsidize Israel, and uses the veto at the United Nations to prevent something being done to stop this illegal activity. Shame on America, shame on the american people for allowing it. International sanctions against Israel are the only answer

Samaria and Judea are Israel.

More crimes from the terrorist state Israel.  Nothing new here.

UN fact-finding mission: Israeli settlements violate international law; Israel must ‘immediately initiate a process of withdrawal’; Governments and companies must ‘[terminate] their business interests in the settlements’

A lot of Jihadists on the web tonight.

Israel is no difference than the Old South Africa, racist.

zioinsts   #$%$   will use american blood and money to build their evil zioinst empire....congress will pathetically suck zioinst  bagels and the US president will get lectured in the white oval office in front of the world media (remember the 67' borders comment that got barack a spanking in the white house).....jeezzzzzz i guess they dont run america? and most americans are fat and stupid watching fox news. shesshGood night folks and may God bless Palestian, until tomorrow

Israel is a #$%$ nation.

America just stands by and says nothing about stealing land and annexing populations. Making peoples lives a misery. No wonder there is retaliation.?? Where is the UN?? Everybody the world over knows what is being done here is illegal. Israel has no respect for any other country. What goes around will come around wait and see.

What has been the effect of Zionism on the Palestinian people and the Middle East ?

There are many reports about the Palestinian/Israeli conflict in western media but what is missing are (1) historical context and (2) truthful exposures about what is happening to the Palestinian people today. It is interesting to note that reports about what is really happening in Palestine are more readily available in Israel than in the US

Israel is a #$%$ nation.

What's the difference between a jew and a pizza?A pizza doesn't scream in the oven.

He surrendered Palestinian sovereignty at Oslo. Edward Said explained best.He described "the fashion-show vulgarities of the White House ceremony, the degrading spectacle of Yasser Arafat thanking everyone for the suspension of most of his people's rights, and the fatuous solemnity of Bill Clinton's performance, like a 20th century Roman emperor shepherding two vassal kings through rituals of reconciliation and obeisance, (and) the truly astonishing proportions of the Palestinian capitulation."

firestein jewish tires stop on a dime and pick it up too!

So because "God gave them the land" we support them? Isn't that Manifest Destiny?The Murdering of Muslims is Primarily by OTHER MUSLIMS.  I guess you guys should call this... "Self-Genocide"

Moshe is the pimp and the US Congress are the shiksa hos

All women who say men can't multi-task.Guess who was #$%$ you last night while thinking about a hotter #$%$...

This man and his ilk are the reason there will not be peace in the Middle East. Their greed for land over peace is disgusting.

Scroll and read Louis comment. And the reply.

Why don't Jews like jokes about them? Because they don't like people laughing at their expense!

Give em hell Harry!

it's the new conflict israel starting because they know it's gonna bring another war and kill millions of innocent people and U.S will send our taxes to them because they will be forced to send the money personal opinion

Israel has the right to build more houses.The land is belong to God .

Israel is a #$%$ nation.freakin zionazis

my nuts are itchy

As Dr. Shlomo Sand makes clear in his book, The Invention of the Jewish People, the Romans never evicted the Jews from Judea/Palestine. Dr. Sand is an expert on locating and analyzing documents which are produced during any historical event. Sand finds there is not one book, not one piece of paper, not one piece of papyrus documenting any forced eviction or diaspora out of the Levant by the Jews. The Romans slaughtered the Judeans and later Judaism spread through conversion in the Mediterranean Basin and the Caucasus of Russian. Judaism is a fraud.

The Palestinians have about as much chance of getting their landback as the Mesqalero Apaches have of getting the southwest US back.Just not gonna happen.

Jews always dream up all kinds of reasons for convincing the Goy to kill other Goy. Yesterday it was the German Goy who needed killing and today it's the Muslim Goy. Why does the world fall for these Satanic clowns?

Can someone explain the difference between 'master race' and 'God's Chosen,' especially when most of the Chosenites don't believe in God's existence.

Great, this is what we need now, more fascist #$%$ in the region, Man, I told you Israel is a joke

Why sanctions on Palestinians and Iran and NOT Israel? A wake-up call for Americans...*IRAN SANCTIONS ACT of 1996 Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish)*H.R. 938, The United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act: Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish)*S.Res. 185, Sponsor: Sen. Ben Cardin (Jewish) states that if the Palestinian Authority goes ahead with its plan to seek unilateral recognition as a state, the US would suspend its financial aid.*H.Res. 268, Sponsor: House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (Jewish) The resolution called upon the administration to announce that it would “veto any resolution on Palestinian statehood that comes before the United Nations Security Council.*H.Res. 4133, Sponsor: Eric Cantor (Jewish) United States-Israel Enhanced Security Cooperation Act of 2012*H.RES.568, Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish) preventing the Government of Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability.*H.R. 2194, Sponsor: Howard Berman (Jewish) Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010*H.R. 1905, Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish) Howard Berman (Jewish) will place virtually all of Iran’s energy, financial, and transportation sectors under U.S. sanction. Companies conducting business with Iran in these sectors face losing access to U.S. markets; impose sanctions designed to prevent Iran from repatriating any proceeds from its oil sales, thus depriving Iran of 80 percent of its hard currency earnings and half of the funds to support its national budget; impose tough new sanctions on the National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC), the National Iranian Tanker Company (NITC) and Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC); target Iran’s use of barter transactions to bypass sanctions, the provision of insurance to Iran’s energy sector, and the provision of specialized financial messaging services to the Central Bank of Iran.*James N. Miller(Jewish) Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Policy*Mara Rudman (Jewish) Foreign Policy Advisor*Eric Lynn (Jewish) Middle East Policy Advisor*Lee Feinstein (Jewish) Foreign Policy Advisor*Diane Feinstein (Jewish) Chairwoman Senate Select Committee on Intelligence*Michael Chertoff (Jewish) former Homeland Security chief*Daniel Benjamin (Jewish) head of the State Department’s Bureau of Counter-Terrorism*Stuart Levey (Jewish) Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence*David Cohen (Jewish) Secretary of the Treasury for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence*Steve Simon (Jewish) National Security Council Middle East Desk*Dan Shapiro (Jewish) former Head of Middle East Desk at the National Security Council now ambassador to Israel*Dennis Ross (Jewish) Special Advisor for the Gulf (Iran) and Southwest Asia to the Secretary of State*Robert Einhorn (Jewish) Special Advisor for Non-Proliferation and Arms Control*Colin Kahl(Jewish) Former Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for the Middle East (Current National Security Advisor)

Sooo  what's new in Israel???

If there's an opportunity to destroy world peace, you can bet that the Israei party is behind it.if u gave israel the whole middle east (except mecca) instead of the land they stole now, they wouldnt take it, cuz they know the massive amount of energy and all the magick books under the al aqsa mosque

Why is Tom Cruise a Scientologist? Because he got tire of the jews stealing his money

DESPISE ZIONAZIS

Great ! More jewz on the prowl stealing land, homes, lives for the kabutz...kabutz u in the #$%$ Gidion !

They tear it down, just to rebuild it?

Yet we have people in this country who continue to think they are our friends. Friends don't impose their will on other people, who in turn blame us for Israels stealing their land.It won't change folks, because Isrtael contributes money to both parties. So who do you think will support Israels aggression aganst the Palesteins?Don't be surprise when Syrai looses to the rebels, Israel will start taking part of that country.

Netanyahu MUST DIE !!!!

Israel respect whoever respect`s israel because god gave it to them , we are talking about the real owner

Muslims will be Killing Muslims for Centuries

Caption under picture: "I wonder if Joell will tell the world about St. Simon of Trent !"Why are these people such liars?  Whyd continue to say you want peace and do everything in your power to create war?

I would pay double tax just so long as the money is spent in the States but knowing that my money is going oversees makes me not want to pay a cent to the US government.

He means STEALING more land!!!

rock on israel,

Paid for by YOU the US tax payer!!!!!!!!!!!!!

“When Israelis in the occupied territories now claim that they have to defend themselves, they are defending themselves in the sense that any military occupier has to defend itself against the population they are crushing… You can’t defend yourself when you’re militarily occupying someone else’s land. That’s not defense. Call it what you like, it’s not defense.”~ Noam Chomsky

They didn't build that we did.

Kristallnacht is now for Palestinians. Hitler is smiling in HELL.

I have said it before and I'll say again. There will be no peace in the Israel until it gets all of the settlers out of the West Bank.

USA HAS EMINENT DOMAIN.... Any complaints here?hey, money talks#$%$ walks. Netanyahu is just like any other president or prime minister, a business man, peace doesn't make money,war does.

Let me guess...we're supposed to write a blank check so Israel can steal land from Palestinians?

Israel may be a staunch allie  in the Middle-East, but is taking advantage of our commitment to back her in the event of war and/or attack by Muslims or  political enemies. PM Netanyahu continues to make bold moves to expand Israel, knowing that the Palestanians and other countries are wary of the U.S. Military Power.  President Obama fortunately has been cautious and restrained from getting the U.S. involved in another military confrontation.Republicans have goaded Pres Obama into "supporting" Israels efforts even if meant war.  If we had Sen McCain as President, we would be engaged in a war with Syria, as well as an escalation in Afghanistan.  We have spent literally trillions on defense and wars over the past 3 decades involving the Middle-East starting with Pres George H W Bush!  Perhaps the largest cost of these wars have been the psychological effect on our military personnel. Not only from direct enemy casualties, but post traumatic syndrome. Suicides, permanent disabilities, broken families and civilian chaos from the veterans of these conflicts have been and are continuing to devastate our country.  This sacrifice should not be acceptable.  None of the other Democratic countries are willing to do the same!

they where attacked in the 6 day war if they fought for the land an won it , they should build as they please. i would not talk trash about the jews.Jesus was a jew and they are the people of GOD. good luck in the after life you will need it.

Nutnyahoo never seems to learn just like the senseless tard fa racketeering terrorist sh__ I am up against in this tard Government stealing my two home I completely own.

The Paraistical Criminal Khazarian Zionist State is no more salvageable today than apartheid South Africa was in its final days. No army can save an idea whose time has come and gone. Zionism is racism. Zionism is supremacism. Zionism aims to subvert the entire world through deception.

god bless Israel.

And nobody can stop Benjamin Netanyahu or the Jewish Nation for that matter :)

Arabs are pathetically UNsuccessful at challenging the Mighty little Israel, but they are extremely efficient at murdering eachother.   :)

Why is this even an issue---It is their landSatanyahu

Since the October War in 1973, Washington has provided Israel with a level of support dwarfing the amounts provided to any other state. It has been the largest annual recipient of direct U.S. economic and military assistance since 1976 and the largest total recipient since World War ll. Total direct U.S. aid to Israel amounts to well over $140 billion in 2003 dollars. Israel receives about $3 billion in direct foreign assistance each year, which is roughly one-fifth of America's entire foreign aid budget. In per capita terms, the United States gives each Israeli a direct subsidy worth about $500 per year. This largesse is especially striking when one realizes that Israel is now a wealthy industrial state with a per capita income roughly equal to South Korea or Spain.

Reminds me of the #$%$  "Lebensraum."

Honesty is the best policy.Unless you're a Jew. Probably best to lie about that

The Khazars have filled the average American mind with so much garbage and nonsense through media control. that Americans know little to nothing about real history. Everything is projected toward Jews being the biggest victims in history. Wrong. Jews are the biggest victimizers in history bar non.

Imagine that! Israel building houses in land it captured after the arabs attacked them! Go Israel! The only democracy in the middle east. When was the last time you heard of an Israeli strapped with explosives detonate himself just to see how many arabs he could kill?

For God sake we keep supporting Israel with Billions of dollars every year to build settlements on Palestinians land and most of these settlements host 4 or 5 families living with machine guns, for what? and for how long? And they call the origional owners of the land Terrorists. we need to stop fooling ourselves and put an end to the tax payers money waste. No, I am not a hater to Jews but America need to wake up.

When will Americans wake up and stop supporting Israel and their immorality. The rest of the world condemns their illegal and immoral behavior. Stop sending them my tax dollars. These #$%$ are about as two face as you can get. We give them billions...they spy on us. They try to provoke us into war with all their enemies while they have denied their own nuclear program and refused IAEA weapons inspections. Israel has twice attacked the US in the past, once to try to draw us into a conflict. They are not our friends in any way. They are a sneaky, devious, deceitful and power hungry people...bent on expanding the whole region. Our lawmakers are heavily lobbied by Jewish lobbies and will do whatever they want. Wake up America. Israel is every bit a threat to peace as are the Muslims.Possibly more disturbing is that Israel's interests are now considered by Republicans when choosing a cabinet appointee.  "Questioning Israel" and their activity was one of the main Republican complaints against Chuck Hagel and his nomination for Secretary of Defense.  One Republican leader said that "Hagel will have to answer for questioning Israel."  Since when do we need a vetting of a Presidential appointee by a foreign country? This is frightening that a small country in the middle east has so much influence over our lawmakers.

Always be yourself. Unless you're a Jew. In that case, be someone better.

So sad and they wonder why other are haters.  Karma will be the undoing of all of this.  What you take from others means something or someone is taken from you.  Be careful.How many Americans would like to live next door to a nation whose people believe they are chosen by God to rule over the planet, who have extermination fantasies going back thousands of years and make up giant frauds like the holo...hoax, who believe the entire world secretly wants to exterminate them, who are still waging war against the Roman and Greek Empires?  If you had a neighbor like that, you would call the police and have a judge commit them to a mental hospital. But these are the crazy a..z..z..h...o..l.....e Jews we have imposed the Palestinians people and all the other countries in the Middle East. And you wonder why they hate us?

A 2012 John Hopkins University study confirms what has long been alleged. European Jews derive mainly from Khazars, a Turko-Slavic tribe of pagans who originated in the Caucasus of Russia and converted to Judaism en masse in the Eighth Century. The Judaic diaspora is a fraud. Judaism spread by conversion, not scattering. European Jews are committing fraud on the world. They know they have no claim to Judea/Palestine, but they persist in fooling the world.

Bibi, this is how it always happens...is this what you guys do?You just got your little country only a half dozen decades ago.You people have been dabbling in Palestine since Abram left Ur and it NEVER works.

Caption under photo: "Hmmmm, who would hav e thought little St. si mon of tr ent would have brought do wn the whole of zi oni stic mas onic py ra mid of l i e s."

This is why IRAN should wipe them off from thre face of the earth

And who gets to pay for it?  You guessed it.  You and me.

it sucks to be a Palestinian forced to leave his home to make room for an Israeli immigrant from Russia or Eastern Africa..

The criminality is the arrogance in their behavior, and when someone pays them backtheir propaganda machines cry injustice. Just like they did after WWI, not allowing thehistory of their anti German criminality during WWI to surface in international media.

May rockets rain down on their heads.

Can someone please nuke Israel into oblivion and the throwaways in the South - for enabling these sycophants - ASAP?!?Can someone please nuke Israel into oblivion and the throwaways in the South - for enabling these sycophants - ASAP?!?

Khazar fake Jews. Fake origins, fake diaspora, fake history, fake holocaust, fake claim to Palestine. Nutlessyahoo's real name is Benjamin Miliekowsky. David Ben Gurion was David Gruen. Golda Meir was Gloda Mobavich. Shimon Peres' real name is Simon Perski. Bunch of damn Khazar Pollocks. What frauds!

The swastika is actually a symbol of good luck and peace.It's true! Look that #$%$ up!

And this, Israel, is why people hate you. It has little or nothing to do with your Jewishness, and everything to do with your complete disregard for anyone except yourselves.

F*** Islam and the Arabs.

How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it, #$%$.

A Nation of people born from injusticeNow Causing great sorrow in all civilized among usYou claim your only concern is your securityBut, your true intent is plain enough for everyone to seeThere are Jews among you who detest what you dothough their number are growing their voices are silencedYou’re proud and you’re arrogant, malicious and cleverYou seem to think world sympathy is going to shield you foreverOh but the bed is too short and the covers are too narrowYou can’t see the hand writing for your scope is too narrowAggressive you have been since the day you were bornFrom the anguish and misery of lives you have tornIsrael oh Israel where will you beWhen the pages have dried on your history

They're a virus! They move into an area, suck it dry like leeches and expect the US to cure all the problems they create. Imagine how much easier life would be without all their bs.

Hamass ordered obama to stay from the Temple Mount and like a good little muslim he will obey.

The greatest threats to Muslims are themselves...they like to kill eachother.Those who deny a Jewish presence in the biblical cities mentioned in the bible, deny the bible.

Jewish-Israeli Zionism is not about religion...it's about Imperialism. American Jews are finally realizing that, however, it's the U.S. Chrisian Zio-bots that fund these Israeli settlements and may God curse them for they have caused the death and mis-treatment of thousands of Palestinian Christians in Occupied Palestine for decades!

That lands belonged to Israel in the past, it belongs to them now and it will until the end of time.  It's time the palestinians were sent back to where they came from.  Remember, Israel recaptured those territories when Israel was attacked by 6 different arab countries.  Israel kicked every one of those arabs back and retook their lands.It's time to get over it already.

It has long been conceded that the most provocative and destabilizing factor in the Arab/Israeli conflict is the unimpeded theft of Palestinian lands and the aggressive policy of building illegal networks of Jewish settlements on this stolen land. Hence one should invariably weigh Israel's empty declarations of "a fervent desire for peace" against this immutable criminal policy that is globally condemned, but green-lighted by Washington and the congress that bestows Israel with ever-expanding aid-packages. The very last thing that these Jewish hucksters desire is peace...they want land and money!!!!!  They get one from the Palestinians and the other from U.S. taxpayers...

Zionism is a tumor on the soul of humanity. Cut Zionism out and humanity will be free. Allow Zionism to continue and humanity will perish.

The closest living biological descendants of the ancient Judeans, Israelites and Hebrews are the present day Palestinian Muslims and Christian, not the Khazar Jews from Eastern Europe.

Bibi Netanyahu is a maniac, Netanyahu Isn't crazy- just a mass murderer.

Holy Shi.....I'm Not Sure Who Won "Control" Of YAHOO Comments Section?The Sunni(35%) The Shi'ite(35%) And The #$%$ party(35%)I Have 5 Percent Extra....How The Hell Did That Happen?

Holy Shi...U Can't Write N_A_Z_I Party on Yahoo,  I Did Not Know That!

How dare you calling Jesus a Jew. Dose he have a human father to call him a Jew? calling Jesus a Jew it insult to our Christ. Again they are using Christ as a Jew  for political gain, the same goes for Judea-Christians.Netanyahu is a devil in human body.

Caption under photo: "Hmmm, Who would have thought St. Si mon of Trent would br ing do wn zi on ist maso nic cir cus prya mid of l i e s."

Arabs fought the Israelis and the Arabs LOST.  end of story. :)

So a gay, a Gypsy, and a Jew walk into a bar.I LIED. It was a gas chamber.

Netanyahu, the face of the most evil man on Earth. He makes Hitler and #$%$ Cheney look good.

Dragon, they ought to send HAMAS and the Fatah into the gates of  Auschwitz. After all it was Arafat's uncle who visited the camp with the #$%$.

the ashkenazi heathens have shown up to thumbsdown us

MOTHERS OF  IRAN, ISRAEL, US OR ANY WHERE ARE NO DIFFERENT, we give and help one trillion dollars so far Israel  and stole and damaged one trillion to Iran

Where are the UN Sanctions? I thought countries get sanctioned when violating UN Mandate? No we will send the a few billion more in aid to help their efforts.

What a shame that Palestinians are brutalized beyond belief like this. Everyone has the right to feel safe, secure and free to enjoy life. More and more are Americans thank goodness are coming to their senses on this issue. The young  Jewish shimitists in Israel who defy the draft and face incarceration to not participate in the human rights abuses by their leaders, you deserve our respect. The children of Palestine that are arrested, beaten and murdered everyday, my heart breaks for you.I guess they learn from the worst criminal Adolf Hither to victimize their neighbors Palestinians

What do Jews and the p(u)ssy have in common? I destroy them both.

Yeah!!! Judea-Christians my bot, they want us to believe that so that they fulfill their agenda. The Christians are much closer to the Muslims who do believe in Abraham, Moses and Jesus the son of the virgin Mary than those anti Christ who rejected Jesus. They are not only oppressing the Muslims but driving the Christians Palestinians out of their homes.

Shout out to Anne Frank for doing something any Jew would only dream of...2 years rent fre

St. Simon of Trent.

Seems to be dificult to understand the problems in the land where Christ  was born...The Bible tell about Israel many times.. But the Palestinians , who were in times of Christ...If the Muslims desapear Israel from the earth..Where the Christians are going...There are the sites where Christ grew up,,and cities still with the same names.... Prophet Muhamed armies tried to destroy Jerusalem in past centuries.. Seems that the history repeat...

I encourage Israel to continue building and spreading knowledge, freeedom, wisdom, and law.  The surrounding countries have reverted to the 7th century and want to bring back the black death and various plagues.

russia,china,india,pakistan and north korea need to come together and kick americas #$%$ for supporting the greedy jews.all thru history the jews have caused trouble.

Keep stirring the middle east pot you Zionist SOB's.

The law is very clear !July 2004, the highest judicial body in the world, the International Court of Justice, ruled Israel has no title to any of the West Bank and any of Gaza. They have no title to Jerusalem. Arab East Jerusalem, according to the highest judicial body in the world, is occupied Palestinian territory. The International Court of Justice ruled all the settlements, all the settlements in the West Bank, are illegal under international law. Every year, the United Nations General Assembly votes on a resolution entitled “Peaceful Settlement of the Palestine Question.” And every year the vote is the same: it’s the whole world on one side; Israel, the United States and some South Sea atolls and Australia on the other side. Every year since 1989 , the vote has been 151-to-3, the whole world on one side, the United States, Israel and the island state of Dominica on the other side.The two-state settlement is pretty straightforward, uncomplicated. Israel has to fully withdraw from the West Bank and Gaza and Jerusalem, in accordance with the fundamental principle of international law, that it's inadmissible to acquire territory by war. The West Bank, Gaza and Jerusalem, having been acquired by war and aggression, it's inadmissible for Israel to keep them. They have to be returned. On the Palestinian side and also the side of the neighboring Arab states, they have to recognize Israel's right to live in peace and security with its neighbors. That was the quid pro quo: recognition of Israel, Palestinian right to self-determination in the West Bank and Gaza with its capital in Jerusalem. That's the international consensus. Its not complicated.I wonder whether Palestinians will like the Compton district of Gaza.

Khazar fakes Jews. Fake origins, fake language, fake history, fake diaspora, fake holocaust, fake claim to Palestine. Is there anything real about these people?  Yes, they are a real threat to the survival of the planet.

For the last 65 years over and over Arabs attack...And over and over they have their hamass' kicked back to moon god land....like hamsters furiously running and going nowhere.

Its seems that the ones oppressed have now become the oppressors.

I know many Palestinian Christian who are driven out of their lands. How anyone who claims to be a Christian dose support a such injustice done to their fellow Palestinians Christians.

Congratulations to Moshe Yaalon on becoming Defense Minister......very qualified...Netanyahu made a great choice.

God was right in the last days people will turn his back on the Lord and his people. Moses gave us the 10 commandments and Jesus the savior of the world came from the womb of Mary the hebrew wife of Joseph. And now as I read all the hatred towards Gods People I know that people will accept the Anti-Christ because they have already forsaken the Lord and His People..

What lies by Reuters.Reuters says, Housing Minister Uri Ariel, a Jewish settler and member of the pro-settler Jewish Home party, said in a television interview that in occupied territory. "building will continue in accordance with what the government's policy has been thus far."He never said that.  He said Jews will continue to build in Judea and Samaria.This is why people call Reuters Reuterland.

If ever there were 2 nations that DESERVE each others company, it is Israel and the U.S.A.Both take what they want for the betterment of themselves and both have an unrealistic sense of entitlement that can't be justified...even if you combined their collective accomplishments and doubled them.The world is only so big and soon the game being played will come at heavy costs.The great thing about history is that it is not forgotten and will come back to haunt those deserving. As for the whole religious argument...yah... I believe that has been tried before in front of a judge and the individual was told "GOD does not favor your plight over others. We are all equal in the eyes of the lord, if that is your chosen belief."

disgusting !! these people wonder why they are not respected the world overI wish we in the west would stop supporting these criminals. let them stand on their own feet. If they are the people of "god" TM, they don't need our help.

No more welfare handouts for Israel.

Since Israel's support among millions of American Christians is founded on a concept that God had bequeathed territory to a biblical "tribe" of Oriental Middle Eastern Jews, it becomes ironic to learn from Koestler's research, that most Jews today are neither hereditary natives from the "holy land" nor any other eastern tribe

Colonization is official Israeli policy. Militarized occupation enforces it. Palestinians have no say. Praying to the wrong God is called terrorism.

An entire population is suffocating. Israel inflicts every imaginable indignity and degradation. Palestinians are persecuted for their faith, ethnicity and presence.Peace is pure fantasy. Justice demands Intifada activism. Palestinians won't get it any other way. Expect Kerry to change nothing. He's Israel's man at State.

Somehow information about that is deliberately kept from Americans. Also how can Americans properly judge the situation in Palestine without a historical context? How can they continue to blindly support Israel without really knowing the truth about how their support is used by the Zionist state?

Washington and Israel are imperial partners. US administrations support Israel's worst crimes. Obama is a reliable ally. So is Kerry.

From 1967 to today, Israel rejected the PLO as a legitimate peace partner. Negotiations were rigged to fail. Israel took full advantage. It still does.

Peace process deception is policy. It's always been a charade. It is now. Oslo was a spectacular failure. Israel planned it that way.Abbas was chief Palestinian negotiator. He's a longtime Israeli collaborator. He sold out for benefits he derives. He amassed enormous wealth. He stole it and secreted it offshore.

The bulk of modern Jewry is not of Palestinian, but of Caucasian origin", Koestler writes. "Their ancestors came not from the Jordan but from the Volga, not from Canaan but from the Caucasus." And he stresses: "The mainstream of Jewish migrations did not flow from the Mediterranean across France and Germany to the east and then back again. The stream moved in a consistently western direction, from the Caucasus, from the Ukraine into Poland and thence into Central Europe".Issues include an independent Palestinian state, the right of return, settlements, borders, water rights, and East Jerusalem as Palestine's exclusive capital.Subsequent negotiating rounds followed. Results were one-sided. Some talks were inconclusive. Others broke down. Palestinians are blamed for Israeli obstructionism. Peace remains stillborn

The Ashkenazim at the same period were about 11 million. Thus, "in common parlance, Jew is practically synonymous with Ashkenazi Jew". However, Koestler adds, the term Ashkenazim is misleading because it is generally applied to Germany, thus contributing to the legend that modern Jewry originated on the Rhine. There is, however, no other term to refer to the non-Sephardic majority of contemporary Jewry, which came after conversion to Judaism from the Khazar country.

While Jews of different origin also contributed to the existing Jewish world community, "the main bulk originated from the Khazar country" in the Ex-Soviet Union

Since 1967, variations of Yigal Allon's plan reflect official policy. Elements include:permanent militarized occupation;"maximum land with minimum Arabs;"dispossessing Palestinians from areas Israel wants exclusively for Jews;annexing all valued parts of Judea and Sumaria;controlling Greater Jerusalem;claiming the international city as Israel's exclusive capital;establishing settlements, military bases, free-firing zones, commercial locations, tourist sites, nature reserves; no-go areas, Jews-only roads, checkpoints, other barriers, and other exclusively Jewish areas;stealing Palestinian resources; andcracking down harshly on resisters.

Their land is stolen. They're dispossessed with no rights. Resist and be arrested. Gulag harshness follows. Slow-motion genocide is policy. Peace and conflict resolution are four-letter words.

"The Thirteenth Tribe", Koestler refutes the notion of a Jewish "race" stating that most Jews of the contemporary world did not come from Palestine and are not even of Semitic origin. In fact, his research shows that most Jews originated in what today is the Ex-USSR. And that a group of people there became Jews through conversion, on the orders of their king.

What is Zionism?Zionism is racism