Isnt it  clear to the EU and to South Korea and Japan that the US can no longer be counted on to provide global security from states such as Iran and North Korea.   Time is coming when they will need to step up their own defenses.  For the EU countries, recovering industrial bases will become important again if they want to avoid nuke blackmail.  I bet the Germans are glad now that the French have all those reactors and nukes.

People of Poland.. .NEVER trust what comes from this obama administration.  obama wants to slaughter US citizens with missiles on our own soil and no trial.  Do you think they really give a dmn about you?

Wimpobama gives up part of our defense plan, in order to please the Russians.  Gets nothing in return.

I guess this was flexibility that Barry was talking about!!!!

How come Obama throws white people under the bus? Note also Benganzi and white americans fighting and dieing in Afghanistan. Obama is pure racist and we gave him the keys to the throne.

Just like obama said ' tell Vladimir I will have more flexibility after the election' ,he abandons our polish allies. ALL our allies will remember this

the poles best learn a thing about obumma, he say's one thing then comes up with a excuse to change his promises!

Yeah, don't worry Poland.  Obama turned on Britain concerning the Falkland islands and they are our oldest most trusted allies.  But we have your back Poland!  Don't worry about it.

Poland is finding out the only thing worse than having the US against you is having them on your side.

if they got the money then we got the weapons!Just like we reassure Israel that Iran will not get the bomb and we assure Japan that they are safe from N Korea.  Words are the cheapest commodity being exported by the current administration.

Obama said missile defense was not needed anywhere.  Now he seems to have discovered N Korea.  I believe they existed when he got into office, and I do believe they are no different now than they were then.  Obama, however, now seems to think some missile defense is good - just no in Eastern Europe.  Guess that's because of his "reset" button with Putin - who probably is getting a pretty good laugh out of Obama's naivete.

Pres.Obama bows to Russian demands.....Russia will squeeze this Administration for more concessions because they know that Pres. Obama is " The Facilitator and Chief"....

Does anyone trust Obama's word?

Liar, liars...pants on fire.

Poland suffered enormously  under Russian occupation. We've gone a long way, prior to Obama, in restoring their trust and forging a relationship. To drop the missile defense plan erodes those gains.Ever notice that Obama's first and middle names are Arabic?

Betrayal, Obama's fllexibility.

Most people don't remember in WW2 that Poland was invaded in 1939 by the Soviet Union. Then it was held under its thumb in the iron for almost the next 50 years. If I lived in Poland I wouldn't trust Russia either.

Do not trust the Obama administration.

Trust us.  It only looks like we're leaving you in the lurch.Europe doesn't trust China or Russia. Something is going to happen in the near future.

More wasted tax money, no that would be freshly printed Bernanke money at the rate of $85 billion/month.  Keep supporting this two headed one Party government people.  "Stupid is as stupid does"  said a wise man in movie :)  Wall Street thanks you!

Chuck Hagel, as Fmr US Marine, i had some high hopes for you. But it look's like your merely a obama puppet too! You know what Poland is an ally, now i'm Amerikan from German descent. I'm sure Germany can take care of Poland better than you ever will. Russia is constantly violationg all kinds of rights. And they threaten they won't scale back on nukes? did you ever think they did? LMAO! Get ur #$%$ together and protect this homeland we live in. I suggest you cut the head off the snake before it strikes. Did'nt ya'll learn #$%$ the 1st time you sent us to desert storm. Yeah big #$%$ changes! Semper Fi!!! Mr. Obama if anything happens to these innocent americans and children because of your undeciseful thinking. it's on your hands and anything that comes along with it!!!! Chesty Puller would hate you mr Obama.If you even know who he was.

Don't worry, Poland. Go ahead and stick your neck out. We'll be there for ya. We've never thrown an ally under the bus. Oh, wait....

Poland doesn't need to be told Obama is a snake and can't be trusted.

wait until i get re-elected and i will have more flexability obozos own words to shotn putin !!!!!

My understanding of this move .....USA will not build because our president made a deal behind close door with Russia , remember the talk ...." when I get reelected it will give me more laverage " ...so here you go .

ODUMMY SOLD POLAND OUT TO RUSSIA like a coward poland will not for get this coward

Russia has a clear choice. It will either continue its downward spiral or it will become a success amongst free nations. Russia will never again be the dominant power it was but it has potential to be a valuable partner and player amongst the free nations. In 10 or 20 years Russia will be in a worse position with a crumbling military, a rotting economy, a declining population and even more bogged down by Nato, China, the US and others. If Russia was smart they would disarm their nuclear weapons and open their economy. For a nation as resource rich as Russia, to waste resources and money on their  defunct military as such is a spit in the face to ordinary Russian people, Putin is rich and ordinary Russians poor left with a weakening economy and a once proud military. Russia doesn't need any nuclear weapons, they need a proper military to defend their country and their oil fields. In 20 years China will easily steamroll Russia and take their resources without having to worry about useless Russian nukes. Russia is not being smart.

Another fine botched job by our fine presidentI thought NATO couldn't place troops in Poland due to an agreement with Gorbachev.

I bet our enimies wish that Obama had a third term as president

If Europe cannot protect itself from a third world nation, then why do we need them as allies. The missle shield is basically a money handout, something to keep the system in Europe running. Cannot copy something if that system fails. That is why the media does not cover Greece no more.

Defense lacky Hagel is nothing but a "yes" man for the inept prez.  And the inept prez has lied his way to the presidency and lied since being elected.  Beware Poland of anything this administration promises or says, they lie.

At least they will be still going ahead with phase three. If there was a US or other type of ally military presence on Polish soil during WWII that war could have turned out very differently. The Poles are still acutely aware of that fact.

Don't worry Poland. You're covered!! We'll be there if you need us. You won't have to deal with those thugs again. You can look to the future and build your country without having to worry about that #$%$ to the east again!!

Obummer....selling out as usual......

Woke up late, one cup of coffee;;;; I see the children in adult bodies are not playing well together again.He Putin, be careful you could shoot your eye out with that!

What's the big deal? Stage one is done, stage two in Romania is effective in 2015...on schedule. Stage three for Poland is set for 2018, two years after obummer leaves office. Screw the Ruskies, let em whine. What have they ever done to help US interests? NOTHING!!!

Obama..   you are weak and untrustworthy..  It's funny..  everyone in the East sees him as a communist.. but Americans are in denial..  and they are paying for it.Obama is gutless.

US reassures Poland over missile defense changes - APMore lies from the the Obama Administration. He made a conflicting promise to the Russians when he thought the cameras were turned off. He's using the North Koreans as an excuse to break his promises to the Poles and  the rest of the EU. After five years of this con-artists equivocation and perfidy, not even the Europeans should be surprised.

Better deploy now before the Russian pressure becomes too great.

one  smart sytem can  defend  and attack from china and russia......?

The USA sold out Poland after WW2. Also covered up Katyn Massacre for the Russians. Lets see how good their word is this time..

Sorry Poland, it's not you... it's US... but you'll be fine. Keep your head up. You always have NATO to get with. I hear they are a lot of fun and really know how to treat a Poland.

why do we have to defend poland dont they have there on Army?

Bush had it started, Obama gave in to the Russians and now, Obama claims the deal?I thought I was losing my memory until I read this.

Typical man hairdo for a Libtard like her!  Yuck!

the Kremlin saying?All my life, nothing but threats from the "Kremlin".Now I am old enough to dismiss their threatening barking.Believe the African Queen Serial Liar and risk your nation. No one cares what this Fraud says or thinks!

Obama caved in to the Russians - and they're not even Muslims.

Attention Poeple of Poland, Dont put your saftey in the hands of warmongering America!

It seems that we could build those interceptors further west such as Germany or Austria instead of Poland and maybe Serbia or Croatia instead of Romania.  Poland borders Russia on the north and Belarus (a Russian puppet state) on the east.Poland used to be a Soviet satellite and at one time was part of the Russian empire.  It seems like we are taunting Russia by putting these interceptors right on their doorstep and I think Poland is enjoying it as well because they have always feared Russia.  Romania is also a former satellite.Let's stay friendly with the Russkies and build these systems one country over to the west.

The community organizer strikes again conveying weakness to America's enemies.  They all know they can walk all over America with the imposter at the helm.  And the voting public were so excited and gleeful as they signed America's death warrant at the voting booth.  When it all comes crashing down they will lament to whats happened to their starbucks morning coffee stop, their shore house, or their Obamaphone when they mean nothing as their freedom to enjoy them vanishes into thin air.

Hey Poland...you can trust Obama as far you can throw him.

Poland will pay for US for that in - "horsburgers". They could not differentiate the cow from the horse but they know whothe  friend, foe is.

With obozo in charge I don't trust US so why should they?

YALTA

The Obama regime, running on hindsight or reading GWs notes?wow     talk about busting a countrys dreams

I call BS on this one.   He scrapped the agreement that Bush had with Poland when he started the "Russion Reset".   He has no intent of helping Poland as long as it risks his beautiful and flexible relation ship with Russia.  More of the treat your enemies better than your friends approach of this administration.

Why are we building missile defenses for Poland exactly? Let them build their own and bring our money home.

We didn't like Russia installing them in Cuba...Do you blame Russia?

Who knew prior to posting boards just how paranoid and unsophisticated the American public was in regards to foreign affairs? You can only blame cable TV so much, as there is an obvious willingness toward ignorance that the public glibly regards as "being oneself."Sadly, it's little different than poor black intercity kids refusing to study because that would be "too white."

No one really expect the US to give away the truth............... do they? Of course we are lying about it, trust us.

It is so clear what the whole purpose of North Korea and Iran in all of this is.  They are cover worlds for "Russia".  So whenever we say for instance that we are putting a missile shield site in Alaska to defend against missiles from North Korea, or in Europe to defend from missiles from Iran; all one has to do to get to the truth of this deception is just replace "North Korea" and "Iran" with "Russia". Politics is so dirty and deceitful.

Are you sure this Wendy chick is with us? She's dressed like KLEB in "From Russia with Love".

Do these intercepters actually work?? I smell boondoggle

Just a thought, since this defense system is to protect Europe, are they paying anything for it?  All I hear about is how much it costs the US."...interceptors will be placed in Alaska instead due to the threat from North Korea."North Korea a threat? Their rockets are made of reinforced wood and they explode and crash 1000ft after lift off. The focus needs to be Russia and Iran.

Anyone care to bet that POTUS created this gesture to appease Russia, which just happens to coincide with Little Kim flexing his baby fat over the threat to US shores as the means for POTUS to push assets and attention away from shield development in Europe?  A US missile defense against North Korea and then Iran and then who else?  If we are protecting the shores, let's protect them from a distance.  We have the capacity, why not use it?  Are we going to re-vitalize the silo system of the Cold War?

Never trust polack, they are the #$%$ of earth.If you go to war with Russia over the polacks ,in the first bad turn they will sold you like a cheap date.

It is better the US spends its taxpayer's money arming, training, and supporting the militants, cut throats, and pirates operating within Syria at this very moment, then to develop this offensive weapon in Europe. The US economy will be better stimulated by the future deployment and blood of US troops that will have to deal with the very terrorist regime that was assisted by your electorate. Why do you cry when your sons and daughters are sent to slaughter when you gladly hand over income tax to support their demise.

Sorry Obama will not give any concessions to Putin. Putin is not Obama's idea of a world leader. Obama is helping Putin via ineptitude.

There will be NO compromise on this MISSILE SWORD! Moscow would of turned this system to ashes had this aggression continued. The Polish are still in bounds of Russian sphere and will not be proxy to place US aggression on Russian doorstep. Be thankful your tax dollars were not wasted yet again, and remember that this next decade it will be good to be Russian!

Poland is a funny country, every time it always stand wrong side and get ripped. It always make big noise with its little capability.

i guess most Americans won't mind if the Russians set up anti missile defenses in Tijuana and Canada? It is absurd to put these interceptors on their doorstep and expect them to go along, absurd and destabilizing.

North Korea and Iran Really?Please EVERYONe check on a map first, before you post a comment.

Let the Europeans pay for their own missile defense. Americans are so stupid and not a word was said last week when the house republicans blocked a bill that would raise minimum wage to $10.10 an hour.Any news article containing the name of our President of the United States always generates hateful bigoted comments from the far right Republicans that are obsessed with the fact that our President in not only doing a great job but in addition is African  American.

Polish politicians are trying to make best buds with long distance relationship US while Russia is at the border.  Its like Canada budding up with China and distancing it self from US, absolutely moronic. Like the old saying goes keep your friends close and you enemies even closer... Poland yet to learn that lesson time and time again.

Poland has turned in to the European China in terms of paying intelligent educated people poor wages. They need to adopt the Euro.

Protecting Europe from attacks by Iran....please The people putting this stuff out think they are influencing the public mind, but it is only the most ignorant citizens consuming this swill.

Polacks should stick with mounted horse cavalry. It worked well in World War II against the German tanks.

The Rebublican House didnt budge because they already had what they wanted. Deep Govt cuts!  So without the flexibilty to ADD more missles to counter a potential Korean long-range threat we must make due with what we have....Thank you very much Mr Boehner and company.

Hey USA stop training TERROSISTS and ;leave Syria alone. Oh yua and stay the Hell out of Poland. Polish Patriot ;)

Who cares about those polacks.

This is positive in that it should help de-escalate tensions with Russia.  Poland won't be abandoned, they're a NATO member.  That isn't going to change.  Poland and Russia need to get along.There was no point in continuing the Bush-era policy of constantly agitating Russia while Poland sits on their doorstep and would be the one to pay the price if things ever went sideways.  Remember: No one in Washington suffered when Georgia took Ms. Rice's cue, poked the Bear in the eye, and got its butt kicked for it.

Dump money into Poland its a bottomless pit.