Israel = Parasite Nation

negotiations should resume without preconditions - either you negotiate or not. Palestinians want concessions, not negotiations. A good will gesture would be a recognition of Israel and renounce of violence.

Good night Peeps 3 articles I was paying attention to the truth was told and the Zionist internet paid shills took a stomping.Great work everyone hope to see you all soon.keep trying JIDF, JPOST, HASBARA, Megaphone and all the other Jewish supremacist

Hey Palestinians....we in America can feel your pain. We ALSO have Occupied Israeli territory in the US. It's called CONGRESS.

Slam those Zionist punks.

They are not sending any mixed or conflicting signals.  They are not interested in peace at all.

“The third Netanyahu government has one clear goal: enlarging the settlements and achieving the vision of ‘a million Jews living in Judea and Samaria.’ This magic number will thwart the division of the land and prevent once and for all the establishment of a Palestinian state.” -Aluf Benn, Ha’aretz’s editor-in-chief (Israeli newspaper)

Netanyahu is only making this gesture to appease (deceive) Obama.  Look for expanded settlement activity on the day Obama returns.  Actually, maybe the announcement will be on the day Obama visits.  You know, to spit in his eye after he was slighted by Obama last year.

Obama won't be going to the Knesset. It looks like he will miss the portraits of all the elected terrorists - Begin, Shamir, Sharon.With just one wave of the hand, Ben Gurion forgave the deeds of every single one of those Zionist terrorists. However there are hundreds and maybe thousands of Palestinians who are incarcerated just because of civil disobedience and public dissidence.They call that a democracy!

Settlers from places like Brooklyn and Queens are moving to Israel and displacing Palestinian families who have lived on those lands for centuries. They say they have the right to take the land because their God gave them the land thousands of years ago.. So that's it.I am sure Obama will be taken by the Israelis to the Yad VaShem (the Holocaust Museum). However I highly doubt the Israelis will take him just another 4 miles to what was the village of Deir Yassin and the 1947 massacre.

i would rather see the destruction of israel than the slow steady destruction of the US by israeli zionists and their US counterpart.

Obama got elected on the promise of "Hope and Change".  So far all he's delivered is Hype and Charades!

What an hilariously misleading headline!  One loose cannon in their government makes a comment and all of a sudden it's "mixed signals?"  Hilarious!

A warning to the Palestinians...If you shake Bibi's hand make sure you count your fingers.

REMINDER: HAMAS has vowed NEVER to recognize Israel, and NEVER to abandonits claim on ALL Israeli land.

You've got to be kidding? You expect the Israelis to give up what ever they have already stolen and plan to steal in the future? They're just running in place pacifying whoever is foolish enough to still think they might be serious. Israelis intend to continue going about ethnic cleansing because we are their lap dog.

Contrary to the disinformation spewed by israel's internet PR team..ALL of the Arab parties have agreed to recognize israel and have offered peace in exchange for israel returning the land it stole..and dismantling the ILLEGALLY occupied territories. Arafat..the PLO..the Arab League...even Hamas have all made this offer. israel has refused it....

Israel a nation of lecherous expansionist and provocateurs !!

Israel's internet shills are constantly trying to rewrite history to blame Arabs for the 1967 war. Israel conducted a SNEAK ATTACK on Egypt's Air Force.. parked on the ground.Israel started the 1967 war. Period...Occupied Palestine (what called Israeli) been established in 1948 as per UK “THE BALFOUR DECLARATION in 1917” which was Colonist that time. So, yet, it is not legal, it is established as per Jungle Law. Thing establish on falsehood is false

So long Netanyahu and his party keep pushing Palestinians out of their agreed on territories, and so long Hamas disagrees with president Abbas's party Fathh, they'll be no peace, if Israel doesn't show good faith and refuses to talk about a peace deal, that would jeapardize the peace agreements with the Muslim countries and possibly change the minds of world leaders for supporting Israel in other matters, ISRAEL IS AFRAID TO SIGN ANY PEACE AGREEMENTS WITH THE PALESTINIANS BECAUSE IT WOULD BE A REASON FOR NOT VIOLATING IT AND GETTING AWAY WITH IT ACCORDING TO INTERNATIONAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS, ISRAEL WANT TO DO ANYTHING IT WANTS WITHOUT BEING HELD RESPONSIBLE.

It's amazing how people jump and bite you for telling the truth, this is the reason radical Islamists and Zionists want to paint themselves as the mighty one, had they been honest with themselves none of the trouble would have existed in the middle east region,HONESTY IS THEIR WORST POLICY.

Netanyahu has never shown any signs of having peace with the Palestinians, he's the first to put a stop to any peace negotiations before they even start but he turns around and blame the Palestinians and the entire world for it, his excuses and negative thinking are going to be the reason to have the region burning like hell and destroyed, RADICAL ISLAMISTS AND RADICAL JEWS AND THEIR LEADERS ARE MAKING THE WORLD UNSAFE TO RAISE OUR CHILDREN AND GRAND CHILDREN, HELL IS THEIR DESTINY.

Nobama can't even solve the problems in this country, why spend more of money we don't have on a trip that will only end in failure on his part?

Why do the israelis make such a fuss about president Obama's visit to israel? Something not kosher in israel.

The AP sends mixed signals on what it calls news!

The Arab "Palestinian" cares less about Peace or Statehood. What they really want has finally been  made clear in their chant - "Inch by Inch we vow to free the land of Palestine (Israel) from the Mediterranean Sea to the Jordan River" - "We are Hamas, we are all Hamas"

Hey lonely yiddish cow rataLIE do you sometimes get your turkey baster and asthma pump confused when you feel lonely (which is always)

RataLIE is your clown RC. Note how quickly it got 15 thumbs up. All its accounts the sad witch. REPORTEDMuslims,  If God judges you by the law of Moses on Judgment Day will you be innocent or guilty?  Heaven or Hell?

Israel message on peace :There can be peace as long as you are peaceful and also --We control the land.We control the water resources.We control the borders.We get to build what we want where we want whenever we want including running items like roads, walls, housing tracks, etc. through your homes, farms, and other sources of business.You get to live where we tell you.You do not have the right to defend yourself by forming your own militia (something that would infuriate the US right wing, huh?)You do not get to be citizens of the country that controls all of the above.You do not get a vote to control any of the decisions on the above issues.But, hey, we're all for peace.Yeah right.

Israel.Peace.LOL!

Why would Israel want peace, they can steal as much land as they want and no one does anything about it.  There really isn't an incentive to create peace when you're the bully and you get whatever you want.

God says its OK to abort a billion more babies, just don't divide the Holy Land or i will get really mad.....

Mixed signals means a big lie

I bet this trip will cost more than the $85 billion budget cut that was just passed.......OR....atleast greatly add to the deficit.

Israel sends no mixed signals:  Israeli apartheid and ethnic cleansing through settlements constitutes Israel's unmistakable statement that peace is neither expected nor desired.

The time to distance ourselves from Israel the only apartheid country left in this world is now! The US needs to be more neutral in Mid East affairs &amp; needs to stop funding the Israeli war machine.

Ok, the Palestinians don't like him, the Israeli's don't like him, we don't like him... can we put him up for sale on eBay?The Israeli excitement on the upcoming visit is akin to a beggar or thief anticipating coins for his purse.

Israel and peace? LOL

Every day ISRAEL exists, its children flourish, democracy thrives... the losers are﻿ the hamascum/pallywood, who continue to fight a war they lost long ago.GOD BLESS ISRAEL !

Any thought of "peace with Muslims" is absolutely delusional.

Uncle Sam should have learned to be a honest broker. Taking side with either party in conflict will only make himself looking silly and hypocritical. It is time to mind his own business, he has lots of problems at home to deal with.

The Khazar Judaists have created a prison for themselves that they cannot excape.  They are murderers and theives nothing more and they cannot excape the stigma that follows them everywhere.  They are victims of their anti-human right campaigns hated by most in the world.

Barry, while you are there be sure and thank the Iggies  for 911. With out them it couldn't have happened.

I bet if our politicians in America could find a spine and freeze your welfare money that you get every year you'd make peace in a heartbeat.

You've got to be kidding? You expect the Israelis to give up what ever they have already stolen and plan to steal in the future? They're just running in place pacifying whoever is foolish enough to still think they might be serious. Israelis intend to continue going about ethnic cleansing because we are their lap dog.

They should be working on ones that say "HOPELESS"...A search on " CIA 6 day war"  clearly shows Israel did not need to attack egypt.  Israel attacked Egypt's air force while it was on the ground starting the 6 day war.  It was well known before the war ever started that Israel could easily win a war against mid east countries if they attacked or not.  A little more reading about water wars in the mid east shows what led us to the 6 day war. Israel stealing land for water.  Israel is in violation of the Geneva convention with it's illegal settlements as a result of the 6 day war.  b/backing Israeli illegal settlements is backing international law designed to stop wars of aggression to steal land.  Our (USA) problem is we have a congress that thinks they need the Israeli lobby's support. What Our congress should be doing is making laws that are good for America, putting America above the vry powerful israeli lobby. We can do somethng about that by signing a petition for term limits on congress at term limits org.

The article never mentions his 10% approval rating in Israel. I promise you he's no savior over there.

50% of US citizens don't believe Obama or like him.  Why should Israel?

Palestinians wishes Israel to be destroyed and wishes to have back all the territory they lost in the 1967 war.  I heard Germany wishes France and Russia destroyed and to reoccupy Paris and Moscow.  I just wish to win a $300 million powerball game.  I'll be struck by lightening and eaten by a bear before any of the above happens.  I don't see a lot of common ground here.

Ahmad Shuqeiri served as an aide to infamous Haj Amin al-HusseiniFamous for his 1956 admission to the falsehood of a Palestine as a "separate" Arab entity.His openly pro-Nazism was expressed in 1962 at the UN while praising a Nazi group.Was the first to head the PLO in 1964, the PLO was created in a clear aim to 'wipe out Israel.'Coined the extermination phrase "Driving the Jews unto the sea"

Not only did Hajj Amin al-Husseini mobilize Arabs to attack Jews all over MidEast and Bosnian Muslims and Crimean Tatars to help #$%$ round up and kill Jews in Eastern Europe; he also traveled to Yemen to incite the mob against the defenseless Jews of Yemen (google/wiki what "dhimmi" means).And this SOB is a founding father to PLO/FATH/HAMAS/PFLP, etc.No legitimacy to plo/fath/hamas/pflp/jihad; shame on their supporters and sympathizers.

If everyone is the same in Gods eyes, then why would the Jews be the chosen people?

We can not and should not appease militant islamists, be it shi-ite ayatollahs or sunni Brotherhood/Salafis.Learn history: appeasement never worked; neither for European countries in 1938 (sacrificing Czechoslovakia to Hitler in ephemeral hope for peace), nor for Byzantine Empire in 1450s (got taken over by Turks), nor for Chinese from Han to Jin/Song dynasties (got repeatedly taken over by Northern nomads).Now some forces like European, Israeli and American liberals (or closet Jew-haters) are trying to appease the islamists; the history is about to repeat itself.

Pick up a New York Times from any week over the last 60 years and you will find some nonsensical article about Israel, Palestine, and the Middle East "crisis".  Propaganda.

why are most crimes done by jihadisI wonder what kind of commitments Obama is going to promise to get these folks to talk to each other about peace and how much it's going to cost us?

Should say" liar", or "traitor", or "evil"

It is easy to blame Israel for all the evils in the Arab world and some are even ready to sacrifice the future of Israel if a new understanding with the Muslim world were to be achieved in return.However, to weaken Israel is a serious mistake since it is our first line of defense in the region;if Israel fell into the hands of its enemies, the West as we know it would cease to exist.

The Palestinians will always be winers and barbarians

I assume Obummer is hand delivering a large taxpayer check

Anti-Zionist is the one who recognizes the self-determination right for everyone but Jewish people.Anti-Zionism is despicable and immoral.

Isreal just like the rest of the middle east loves the perpetual wars and conflicts.  The U.S. should just go home and let them enjoy themselves into oblivion

How long is a goldfish's memory span?Answer=3 seconds.How long will you continue to anger God by showing hatred on here?

Iran and Israel, I have a few words for the both of you.  No Nukes in the mid/east period!!!

The 3rd Temple will be built.....see Revelation Chapter 11....Michelle gets first dibs on the cake.

1947 UN passed resolution that allowed formation of Israel1948 Israel's "neighbors" attacked them in masse, with the stated missionto "drive Israel into the sea" (They got their combined azzes kicked but theyhaven't really let up since, it seems to me like the Palis would get the messageand try something different)

Are settlements an obstacle to peace?  Israel uprooted settlements to make peace with Egypt and offered the same to the Palestinians.  Is this just another propaganda excuse for the Palestinians to avoid making peace?  It seems the answer is yes.

That ugly inbred Yiddish witch is such a coward.

there can be no peace with Islamists. there can be no freedom with Islamists.

2-11-13 LAHORE, PAKISTAN (BosNewsLife)-- Christian relief workers rushed to a volatile district in Pakistan's Punjab province Saturday, February 9, after security forces and Muslim hardliners allegedly abused Christian women and raped at least one Christian girl."Yesterday some Muslims and some [undercover] police men raided Kaila Masih's house" in the town of Pattoki [where they] "beat and tortured Christian women Zareena Bibi,Hameedan Bibi and Sharifan Bibi," said the Legal Evangelical Association Development (LEAD), an advocacy and aid group.It was the second such incident in Punjab's Kasur District within about two weeks, according to LEAD investigators. On January 25 a 15-year-old Christian girl, Fouzia Bibi, was raped by two influential Muslim men in the district's village of Roday, LEAD Chief Sardar Mushtaq Gill told BosNewsLife.

2-7-13  CAIRO (AP) — One hardline Muslim cleric on an Egyptian TV station justified sexual assaults on women protesters. Others issued religious edicts saying opposition leaders must be killed. Television screeds by ultraconservative sheiks are raising fears of assassinations here a day after a top anti-Islamist politician was gunned down in Tunisia.Egyptian security officials on Thursday beefed up security around the homes of Egypt's main opposition politicians, citing the possibility of a Tunisia-type killing after the edicts, or fatwas.

It is up to The Palestinians  to try to make peace..Israel is waiting

3-17-13  Many more Americans continue to side with Israel rather than the Palestinian Authority, but - with President Obama's first visit there days away - most also prefer to leave peace negotiations to the two protagonists, rather than having the United States take the lead.Fifty-five percent in this ABC News/Washington Post poll sympathize more with Israel, vs. 9 percent who side more with the Palestinian Authority, with the rest favoring neither, or undecided. It's been a similar gap for many years, including polling back to the 1980s testing Israel vs. the Arab nations of the Middle East.You lose yahoo Jihadist lol.

Be carefull Israel, obama and the democrats will stab you in the back, first chance they getHey....anyone want to talk about the new Pope? D'oh!

So called Palestinians don't want peace.  The evidence is in their charter. Among the charter's controversial statements is the following: "The time will not come until Muslims will fight the J*ws [and kill them]; until the J*ws hide behind rocks and trees, which will cry: Oh Muslim! There is a J*w hiding behind me, come on and kill him!” The document also quotes Islamic religious texts to provide justification for fighting against and killing the J*ws of Israel, presenting the Arab-Israeli conflict as an inherently irreconcilable struggle between J*ws and Muslims, and Judaism and Islam, adding that the only way to engage in this struggle between "truth and falsehood" is through Islam and by means of jihad, until victory or martyrdom.

To all those isolationist-noninterventionist-wannabees who want to throw Israel to dogs.Remember Munich 1938 when the world powers threw Czechoslovakia to Hitler in an attempt to appease him - in couple of years they were consumed by the #$%$ as well (France, Poland, Hungary).Or how about the infamous Neutrality Acts of 1930s that actualy led to WWII?If we do the same to Israel now we will be in a relatively short time taken over by the emboldened islamists next, starting with Europe and India.Next thing our grand-children will be forced to chose between "dhimmitude" or conversion to Islam.The Judeo-Christian civilization needs to regroup and fight back (not necessarily fight militarily); Hindus, Buddhists, Sikhs, Jains, Zoroastrians and Yazids are welcome to join in.

Do you really think your posts are going to make a difference what a bunch of idiots

build baby build!

All Muslims are driven insane having a Jewish state in the heart of the Muslim world.Muslims always use chaos, death and destruction to terrorize people into submission to Islam but Israel will never submit to Islam.

No mixed ,just want to see how much moola they can bleed.

God-given symbols are Biblical and therefore eternal and universal.The absence of love was sufficient cause to threatenthe disenfranchisement of the Ephesus congregation from the body of churchesrepresenting Christ (Messiah) in that area. Obviously few if any Christian churchesof today would feel intimidated by the threat of losing a candlestick(assuming on existed), considering the lack of understanding by the church of themeaning of this symbol of antiquity. Even the familiar interpretation of whatthis threat implies (departure of the presence of Christ) requires exhaustiveteaching today. Such was not the case for the congregations of the firstcentury. It is quite evident that they were much closer to Biblical Judaismin thought, practice and symbolism than is the Christian church of today, andthey clearly understood the implications of this threat.There are, however,some indications that significant Judaic restoration to the body of Christ isimminent. Increasingly, pastors and congregations are becoming inspired of theHoly Spirit to introduce many of these Judaic principles into their teachingand worship. This is also being demonstrated by the reintroduction of theBiblical Feast Day celebrations [seven in all], the use of banners, the useof the Hebrew names of God, Sabbath celebrations, etc. None of these practiceswere foreign to the first century congregations. It should therefore come asno surprise to discover that the Menorah symbol was on display within theseJudeo-Christian congregations in Asia.Their understanding of these Biblicalthings is assumed in these letters. That no doubt accounts for the abundanceof Judaic expression in the book of Revelation. Interestingly, this was truein spite of their being predominately Gentile churches in constituency. Itwas not and is not an issue of ethnicity but one of Biblical correctness.

Let's be clear, it is not the Israelis who refuse to sit down and negotiate, it is the arabs.

David R - Just wait and see what happens when the Iranians ,and whoever else goes with them, try to drive the Israelis out.   Look up what happened in 1948 and 1967!Boom!!!!Crack me up!   How has any Muslim country shown itself to be a friend of the US?NO!   Now go pass out some candy!

To all anti-Zionists.If you deny Jewish people right for self-determination in Land of Israel - you're not much better than N@zis, you're still gravely endangering Jewish continuity but in a slightly different way.Arabs have 20+ states, muslims have 50+ states, neither arab language or muslim religion are in danger; jews are clinging to one and only jewish state.and your siding with enemies of israel speaks volumes about you.

Rachel Corrie was a hater, AND HER PARENTS ARE TO BLAME !This fouled mouth antisemitic girl had all the opportunity to fight for causes that are far worse and in need of attention immediately but she choose to hate Jews.And in her hatred she was willing to take stupid chances.And now shes just another dead hater.

Oh good, Progressives are shipping "HOPE" to Bibi. Sorry pal. Watch your back!

Jesus was a Jew and wellacquainted with His Judaic heritage. Since we know the setting was in theseason of the feast of Tabernacles when huge Menorah's were being lightedthroughout Jerusalem, some historians suggest and it is reasonable to assumethat the Menorah (Lampstand) was what He had in mind when He declared:Ye are the light of the world. A city that is set on an hill cannot be hid.Neither do men light a candle, and put it under a bushel, but on a CANDLESTICK;and it giveth light unto all that are in the house. Let your light so shinebefore men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father whichis in heaven. Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets:I am not come to destroy, but to fulfill. ( Mt. 5:14-17)

Did the Iranian Rial jump back against the dollar here, the Arab Press has "mixed" signals.The Arab Press doesn't know that George Mitchel retired two years ago. must be another "mixed" signal affect.

Two talking heads, one body. Someone needs to do away with one of them, and I have a pretty good idea that it should be the one that has no official capacity or right to speak on policy issues in Israel. Is this another Cheney rising from the political grave to try and walk among the living? We need stakes here, and quick.

3-15-13 Egypt: Three Christians murdered on church-building rumor.  According to a recent El Watan News report, three Christian brothers were shot dead at their home by automatic weapons a few weeks before two were set to have their weddings. The victims’ family (of 13 members) was earlier accused of trying to build a church on land they owned when they purchased building material to build a house on that land. The rumors about the building of a church spread during the Friday sermon at the mosque. Following the sermon, two thousand Muslims stormed the land and tried to destroy the house, car and tractor, resulting in the murder of the three Christian brothers.

Israel should have given the Sinai to Arafat and the PLO after they seized it from Egypt in the ' 60s. Egypt was in no position militarily to object. Israel could have guaranteed the new Palestinian state's security until such time as they could defend themselves. No Arab country wants to give the Palestinians one inch of land, but they all want to give them Israel.

UN fact-finding mission: Israeli settlements violate intl law; Israel must ‘immediately initiate a process of withdrawal’; Governments and companies must ‘[terminate] their business interests in the settlements’47 countries have a majority Muslim population. Most are toilets. Do we really need a 48th?

They spelled 'nope' wrong.

The Israelis hold all the power between the two parties... they have the power to make the peace with the Palestinians, or not.

I just wish he had actually bartered some peace before receiving the Nobel peace-prize.Where’s the motivation now?

Just have another 6 day war and get it over with once and for all! I am sick of giving MY tax money to ghettos in the middle east and north africa.

Milo,Good idea.  Perhaps if the Israeli government were more moderate there would be peace.  Wait a minute.  Weren't Olmert, Barak, Rabin and others left-wingers?  Didn't they make peace offers to the Palestinians, which were rejected by the Palestinians in favor of violence against women and children?

"The world is the Prison of the Believer, and a Paradise for the Kaafir" (us)ya'll suffer if like, but pass the beer and corn chips first ;-)

i don't have mixed feelings about Obama I don't trust him at all

Speaking Truth,9/11, the USS Cole bombing and the bombing of the Marine barracks in Lebanon were all acts by Arabs.  I just thought you'd like to tell the whole story.

Here is one of the best know connections between “Palestinian” nationalism and the #$%$.The mufti of Jerusalem during the British Mandate and nazi collaborator (given a title of "honorary aryan") Hajj Amin al-Husseini is still a hero to most if not all "palestinians" and affectionately called “Father of Palestinian Resistance”He was mentioned in History Channel's show "Saddam And The Third Reich".Here is one of the best know connections between “Palestinian” nationalism and the #$%$.The mufti of Jerusalem during the British Mandate and nazi collaborator (given a title of "honorary aryan") Hajj Amin al-Husseini is still a hero to most if not all "palestinians" and affectionately called “Father of Palestinian Resistance”He was mentioned in History Channel's show "Saddam And The Third Reich".

Hitler's Mufti of Jerusalem was one Amin al-Husseini. This is a bit of history the PC left would like forgotten: the founder of "Palestinian" nationalism was a Nazi war criminal. This wanted Nazi war criminal, al-Husseini, was given sanctuary by both Egypt and Lebanon after World War II. He was also ARAFAT'S UNCLE AND MENTOR!

A lot of those calling themselves "anti-Zionists" secretly or openly wish the US not fight #$%$ in WWII and let them have Europe, MidEast and North Africa.

As an outsider looking in, why are Christians so enamored with Jews? American Jews, in general, are very liberal and typically despise Christianity and conservative values. I don't get it

little rick when did you get your very own country? what did you name your very own country? tell us please

Muslims continue their Jihad against other religions for the last 1400 years, checked only by the ability of non-Muslims to defend themselves.  To this day, not a week goes by that Islamic fundamentalists do not attempt to kill Christians, Jews, Hindus and Buddhists explicitly in the name of Allah.None of these other religions are at war with each other.

Today, at the goading of the Muslim Brotherhood, if a thief steals a stupid riksha worth a couple hundred bucks, he is assaulted by a street mob (always there among mohammedans) and butchered in public like a sheep.mohammedan civilization .

Get RID of the Palestinians from Israel and you will have Peace.

Rachel Corrie, she died as a Pawn for the Pawns... can you say PALLYWOOD?

wish barry read these omments so he can see that people hate his rear end other words his a  s  swish barry read these omments so he can see that people hate his rear end other words his a  s  s

Csp, I do not think you could count on both hands any palestinians that do not want to do just that.

May 9, 2001 - Yossi Ish-Ran, 14, and Kobi Mandell, 14, both of Tekoa, were found stoned to death in a cave about 200 meters from the small community south of Jerusalem where they lived.

BiBi's hand hasn't been outstretched. He's not deserving. He's no friend. The Israeli's should have done something about him. They didn't. We will protect our interests - period.

The Palestinians should be jumping all over Netanyahu's public offer to meet at the"peace table" (with no pre-conditions) From a pragmatic point of view, they have little,or no leverage so why delay? The offers are not likely to get any better with time. ofcourse they're probably hoping that Obama will exert some influence that will helpthem some way but that doesn't seem likely.

Nutandyahoo if you are allowed to keep your nukes that Iran has every right to obtain them for protection from you.  He they remember 1967 you know (Six Day War)!!!

Stupid d-bag "rc" flatters himself. Calls himself an "opponent"..and not just a pos.

"rc" keeps his head warm up deep his camels' #$%$.

The whole damn territory including Israel is expendable !!  The blood soaked piece of desert dirt has no natural resources the majority of the world wants or needs !!

"Cam  •  24 secs ago Report Abusewhy are most financial crimes done by jews"They are not. That simple.The Palestinians don't send mixed signals. They want war and the destruction of Israel!

Israel is a small slice of real estate on the planet - why can#$%$ bullying neighbors give up the idea of annihilating it?Only a moron would join a protest against Israel.

trade land for complete jewish control of mt. zion...simple

How can Israel make peace with any Muslim country?They don't even have peace among themselves!

Israel will pursue peace if our government hands them a few hundred million or better. Then Palestine will want theirs. After about a year, the trouble starts all over again. It`s been that way for about 70 years now if you haven`t been paying attention.

Enjoy him Israel!

PEACE, everyone wants, JUSTICE some dont.

The Palestinians message to Obama is loud n' clear, they don't want him there.

The Final 7 YearsWe’ve heard of a period of time known as “The Final 7 Years.” But does it really mean the final seven years to the end of the world? Let’s look at the prophecy.“And he shall confirm the covenant with many for one week: and in the midst of the week he shall cause the sacrifice and the oblation to cease, and for the overspreading of abominations he shall make it desolate, even until the consummation, and that determined shall be poured upon the desolate.” Daniel 9:27This prophecy is more commonly known as Daniel’s 70th Week. In this passage we learn that the Confirmation of the Covenant is the event that starts this period. The Confirmation of the Covenant refers to the covenant that God made with Abraham in Genesis 15:18. This is going to establish the borders of Israel and create a sharing arrangement of the Temple Mount. As we continue reading we find that the animal sacrifices and the abomination of desolation will occur in the midst or middle of this seven year period. Jesus Christ spoke specifically about the abomination of desolation in Matthew 24:15-21 and He told us that it would be the event that would launch the Great Tribulation. The Bible tells us that the Great Tribulation is the time when Satan will pour out his wrath through the Antichrist for 42 months or three and a half years. Ultimately this leads to the Battle of Armageddon.(EndTime d0t c0m)

Ahead of Netanyahu's speech, Avigdor Lieberman, a powerful ally of the prime minister and himself a West Bank settler, said anyone who thinks peace can be reached with the Palestinians is "delusional." That is a precise description of the situation and Obama is going over for a photo op, nothing else ... the post 1967 Israel's expansion has created a monster of a problem for them and the US and there is no way out of it.Muslims are committing genocide all over the planet:  The beginning of the New Year saw only an increase in the oppression of Christians under Islam, from Nigeria, where an all-out jihad has been declared in an effort to eradicate the Muslim north of all Christians, to Europe, where Muslim converts to Christianity are still hounded and attacked as apostates.  According to the Chairman of the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom, “The flight of Christians out of the region is unprecedented and it’s increasing year by year”; in our life time alone, he predicts “Christians might disappear altogether from Iraq, Afghanistan, and Egypt.”

Flush the Ayahtoilet and Seyed, the paid iranian troll

visiting Israel is like fraternizing with the  enemy

The Israeli PM sounds just like Hitler when he said after annexing Austria that he had no further designs in Europe, the PM is not going to be satisified untill he has all the Palistanian land he cannot be trusted just like Hitler.

Why should I care if they ever have peace ?

The Gay African Muslim will try to bring Clarity to the situation with more lies!

If that was being made in the U.S. the Libs would be demanding an Public Appology crying Rascist making a Chocolate Obama.

After Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir was voted out of office in 1992, he gave an interview in which he revealed he had never been serious about peace negotiations with the Palestinians. His real intention, he said, had been to drag out the talks for a decade while settling hundreds of thousands more Jews in the occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip. -  "Mr. Olmert's Farewell" Washington Post article 10/5/08

This is what Palestinians teach their children in their schools and media:"The Jews and Christians are perverts; fight them."    Koran  9:30"Any religion other than Islam is not acceptable."    Koran  3:85And we wonder why Palestinians believe Israel has no right to exist nor Jews to live there?

Realitysux, eh RC? WaaaaaahhhhhhhMy question for Netanyahu is where does it stop? Are the evictions of the Palestinians only the beginning? What is the endgame.

Milo .. 2012 figures .. $72 billion in foreign aid, most went to Arab/Muslim nations, and $14 billion for troop training and counter-terrorism. Israel rcvd $3.1, they pay us back and they're our ally. Let's cut off aid to our enemies!

Rick, you are no American, your DNA says Dog.

Barry, while you are there be sure and thank the Iggies  for 911. With out them it couldn't have happened.

Israel - most particularly Bibi - is not interested in peace.  President Carter made the most heroic efforts to engender peace, but when you have zionist terrorists running the show..  as Go stated, Begin, Shamir, Sharon..  and now, Netanyahu....   well - Obama should'a skipped this visit.  And to think, we hand Israel $3,100,000,000 - per year !  Why ?  Are we footing the bill for their 'Birthright Israel' program ?  You know - where Israel pays Jews to fly there and stay 10 days or two weeks..  learning their roots..  they do over 40,000 per year !!!!  Lots'a $$$$ for that little deal !!

Peace? Are you serious?  There is no peace process in the Middle East.  There is just in between periods where you are not defending yourself against Muslim bigots.  After you kick the chit out of them they lick their wounds and plan their next attack or they go back to killing each other.  But one thing is for certain, there is NO peace in the Middle East.

There will be no peace in the middle east, until you see the BIG FLASH in the sky.

"The Israeli Dancer: Dani Dassa" PROMO REELYOUTUBE

Why don't you Arabs just say what you REALLY want! All Jews out of Israel! You guys just need more land to kill each other on. I guess what you already have ain't enough!!

Why anti-Zionists are despicable.Jew-haters in 1930s: Jews, you’re not Europeans, get out of Europe, go to Palestine where you belong!Jew-haters in 2010s: Jews, you’re too European, get out of Palestine, go to Europe where you belong!3-1-13 Official Palestinian Authority TV broadcast a tribute this past week to the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine (DFLP), which was responsible for the 1974 Maalot massacre in northern Israel.According to Palestinian Media Watch (PMW), the tribute included a poster honoring three Arab terrorists of the DFLP who infiltrated the town of Maalot in northern Israel in May 1974, murdering 22 children, four adults, and wounding dozens more.The PA TV tribute also honored terrorists who killed four civilians in the Israeli city of Beit Shean, describing them as "the heroes of Beit Shean, the pride of the Palestinian revolution.”

AM NOT JEWISH.

The palis failed to distant themselves from outright Jew-haters and likes of Helen Thomas and it will be hounding then for long time.They're trying to clean up their act but it's way too little and too late.

the main source of today's world problems is arab/muslim inability to accept existence of israel as a viable national state of jewish people

Abbas: 'Mufti is My Hero' ...Palestinian Authority chief Mahmoud Abbas spoke glowingly last Friday of the “legacy” of the infamous Hajj Amin al-Husseini, who was a collaborator with the #$%$, and was prepared to conduct the mass murder of the Jews of the Land of Palestine now Israel, in the event of a Nazi invasion."The Mufti, Abbas said, was a great man whose ways should be emulated by all PA Arabs, and was worthy of great praise". (1/6/2013, Arutz Sheva News)"Kill the Jews - kill them with your hands, kill them with your teeth - this is well pleasing to Allah!" - Grand Mufti Haj Amin al Husseini

HAHA  Look how they spelled DOPE in that picture!  They spelled HOPE.

“The third Netanyahu government has one clear goal: enlarging the settlements and achieving the vision of ‘a million Jews living in Judea and Samaria.’ This magic number will thwart the division of the land and prevent once and for all the establishment of a Palestinian state.” -Aluf Benn, Ha’aretz’s editor-in-chief (Israeli newspaper)

I wonder how many Billions of hard earned US taxpayers $$$ will be donated

Hamas has never been a democracy, nor will it ever be one.Unc Sam

Google Yasser Arafat's widow and see how she lives.   Google Hamas villas.  They exist for the leadership!Hamas has never been a democracy, nor will it ever be one.Unc Sam

Google Yasser Arafat's widow and see how she lives.   Google Hamas villas.  They exist for the leadership!

They want to take over the world...will never happen they're doomed !

If you so much as question Israel you're an anti Semite! Remember that!

I was raised in church and have no use for manmade religion anymore.  This is a perfect example why.

ignorant bigots deserve no blessings

Hope and change was lie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Chovel ready jobs a joke!!!!!!!!!

"However I highly doubt the Israelis will take him just another 4 miles to what was the village of Deir Yassin and the 1947 massacre."Wikipedia gives a very good summary of both sides' views on this event. It demonstrates that the Israelis were being surrounded and that men from this village were battling Israelis who were trying to break the blockade of Jerusalem as well as fortifying their own village with over 100 armed men. See Deir Yassin Massacre, especially the section towards the end that give the day by day events leading up to the attack on the village by Israelis attempting to keep the roads open to bring supplies to Jerusalem.

It is the arabs who refuse to talk, it is the arabs who initiate violence, it is the arabs who lie as a matter of cultural heritage. Most importantly, it is the arabs who suffer most from their own stupidity.

"rc" is a filthy stinking ugly stupid muslime pos."rc" is a filthy stinking ugly stupid muslime pos.

muslime troll "rc" was taken from behind by his camel. He didn't expect it, but he liked it.

"rc" is a lying d-bag. Must be a muzlime.

Israel is not interested in peace. They are not happy unless they are irritating or attacking or taking over someone's land. We sent them there in 1948 hoping they would leave the rest of the world alone, as they get kicked out of every country they were in, but NO, they continue to cause trouble WITHOUT END.

What he really means is another Piece of Palestine.

Israel does better with neighbors than we do with Mexico

NO MORE WARS FOR ISRAEL!!!!!!!

look what happened in all the Arab Spring countries. they tried freedom and couldn't handle it. you think the Pali's would be any different?

Prior to the creation of Israel, Jews have not "been living peacefully with the Palestinians". The Jews were treated as second class citizens under the Arab governments and had to pay the jizya tax. If that's not apartheid, then I don't know what is.

It won't be long before the true enemy shows its head. Some predict that it will be on Obama's flight home from there. They say that the infiltrators of our government are going to blow up Air Force one, and blame it on the arab states. I have nothing to do with this, but I thought you all might like to hear that prediction in advance.Look at The commnets from the Communist/Nazi liberal party  &amp; PmS NBC glorified nazi Propaganda  Hitler would be Proud of the Liberal agenda

Israel is the only ally we’ve ever had that we abandon.

Israel was a staunch ally of the USA throughout the entire Cold War and still is. The Arabs sided with the Soviets or played a double game on the USA. Every time new Soviet equipment  was captured by Israel it was sent right away to the USA.  Israel even sent captured mig fighter planes to the USA for study.

Israel will acheive peace when they can rid their borders of terrorists (HAMAS and  PALESTINIANS). Israel is a Jewish state first no other before Judaism

Seyed, Iranian troll, how much did you contribute to the Massacre the Innocent Citizens of Syria Fund.

Israel has always wanted peace .. Islam has always wanted Israelthere's no contradiction with peace being delusional with Pali's :-(

Arafat turned down the best offer the arabs are ever going to see. Bill Clinton did all the hard work for him and they walked away. They have way more than they deserve.

Obama went over with no plan at all. This is just a photo op and a distraction from his failing on the sequester and budget.

If Obama wants change why is the government thinking about getting rid of the penny?  I guess they need to melt down all those penny to mint that $1T change that Obama wants.

The Palestinians already have three countries: Gaza (100% of the population), most of the West Bank (90% of the population), and Jordan (70% of the population). These places are hellholes where the entire economy is a welfare swindle based on American taxpayer support. Not bad for a group of inbred sociopaths who have no national history, no indigenous culture, and an apparent inability to do anything more than institutionalize violence and brutality and breed with their first cousins.The Palestinians already have three countries: Gaza (100% of the population), most of the West Bank (90% of the population), and Jordan (70% of the population). These places are hellholes where the entire economy is a welfare swindle based on American taxpayer support. Not bad for a group of inbred sociopaths who have no national history, no indigenous culture, and an apparent inability to do anything more than institutionalize violence and brutality and breed with their first cousins.

when will the palestinians pay the Israelis for the land when they kicked them out of the land they received from the partition in 1948?

The San Remo Conference decisions will certainly influence any decision of such a court.the League of Nations Mandate for Palestine adopted in 1922, which is an outgrowth of the San Remo Conference. Article 6 of the Mandate document states: “The Administration of Palestine, while ensuring that the rights and position of other sections of the population are not prejudiced, shall facilitate Jewish immigration under suitable conditions and shall encourage, in cooperation with the Jewish Agency referred to in Article 4, close settlement of Jews on the land, including state lands and waste lands not required for public purposes.”So clearly the Jewish population has a legal right under international law to settle in what was mandated Palestine...and that obviously includes the areas known as the West Bank.International Law is not the simplistic issue so often described here.

There was no such thing as a ‘Palestinian people’ so nobody could feasibly come and take from them what they did not have.The Arabs attempted the ‘throwing Jews out’ because, they have an abiding and theologically lawful hatred for Jews.They ignored the wishes of the UN and went to war, making the principle mistake one should never make when contemplating such a course ; underestimating the fighting prowess of those who have stopped running, have come home, and have nowhere else to go to.

What AP WANTS to say is: Israelis have horns and a tail. Israelis kill Muslim children and use their blood for Passover matzahs. We in the liberal media hate Israel because that is what liberals do.

Israel wants the land not peace. The U.S. should cut off all monies to Israel, all weapons and insist on dismantling Israel's nuclear weapons.

At least jews know where there ancient spiritual homeland Israel is . Obozo and all non Native Americans are currently engaged in the illegal, racists. illegitimate occupation of Native American territory. Obozo  and the anti Israel loosers should lead by example and return to Africa, Asia and Europe so the native Americans can have there homeland back.

I just posted that the Syrians are now not only bombing their own citizens but also Northern Lebanon.Someone just informed me to calm down .... Like in not posting the truth?

Israel was created by palestinian jews who were the majority population in 1948. Jews have lived in this region long before the child molester muhamed invaded this region. Jews lived in this region long before Christianity existed. Jesus cross had the words King of the Jews on it and not King of the palestinians. Sorry but the Arabs and there terror loving child molester false prophet muhamed are the newcommers.

Watch the film "Iranium".   Let's you know the mindset of that regime and other "peace-loving" Muslims....this quote has become part of the Muslim Arab DNA - ""Kill the Jews - kill them with your hands, kill them with your teeth - this is well pleasing to Allah!"  - Grand Mufti Haj Amin el Husseini, the First Palestinian Leader and Nazi collaborator.

no such thing as islam and peace

Virgin goats get a break when "rc" occupies himself with spreading his muslime lies here.

Hitler killed 6 million Jews, and because of that, the Palestinians were told, “Move over.”You cannot fix one injustice with another.

The 1.4B Muslims want to erase Israel from the map using both military and non-military means.They are also about to take over Europe; the most popular name for newborn boys in Amsterdam is Muhammad. India may follow.Within Muslim lands, the islamists easily out-breed the rest of the population; that results in them winning democratic elections, like in Morocco, Tunisia and Egypt.Also, the oil revenues compounded with low dollar are used by Saudi and other oil shaikhs to strategically buy off American companies and to influence the Western media.

should read, no hope

Israel has not attacked any nation since the Parthian Empire in 200 A.D.  It has only defended itself since. But it has been destroyed 40 times and attacked without total destruction 63 times.  Just say'n

Speak Truth, Those three are the tip of the jewish iceberg.  Jews do us in every day.  Jews in the US State Dept, Defense Dept, and Treasury Dept cost us at least as much as Pollard and the Rosenbergs.  Time we line them all up against the nearest wall and extract some real American justice.

Muzlims:  Surah 10:54 of your Quran basically says if you offered God everything in the world it would still not be enough for atonement of your sins........You are headed for hell.  The perfect lamb of God paid the ultimate sacrifice for you.  That is YOUR ONLY atonement.

Israel gets tons of handouts...why can't we spend the billions on our own country to make it less of a joke.NOOOO GOOOOYIM GOYIM HOW DARE YOU! ISRAEL NEEDS YOUR MONEY! REMEMBER THE 6 BILLION! IF YOU DON'T GIVE US AID WE'LL CALL YOU ANTI SEMITIC GIVE YOUR LORD AND MASTERS MONEY! REMEMBER WHAT GLORIOUS TOP RABBI SAY! YOSEF SAY GENTILE ONLY EXIST TO SERVE JEWS...GIVE US MONEY NOW OR FACE THE SHAME OF THE ETERNAL TITLE "ANTI SEMITE" FOREVER!"A frustrated Obama later backed off his calls for a halt in settlement building, leaving the Palestinians disillusioned" why werent the palis negotiating during the 10 month freeze...all they did was wait til the end and say MORE FREEZE OR ELSE!!!

Interesting:  When Arabs wanted to make peace, Israel has given up land and uprooted settlements.  Why haven't the Palestinians been interested in this sort of deal?  It has been continuously offered.

Remember eight months pregnant Jewish woman Tali Hatuel and her four young daughters shot to death in 2004 by Arabs at point blank range in Gush Katif, Gaza. The killers are considered heroes/martyrs by many "palestinians".Israel is being way too liberal to the Arabs; they laugh at self-destructive Israeli liberals.No legitimacy to PLO/FATH/PFLP/HAMAS/IslamicJihad; shame on their supporters and sympathizers.

First time to Israel in five years that should tell them something that our president has no likes for Jews and that should tell the America people something also. Obama always wants it his way or the highway, and Netanyahu tells Obama to shove off he dislikes Obama also so what is this trip going to do? Nothing, but Obama will get what he wants and that is Photo Shots. Go do your thing Obama .

When state of Jordan was created Arabs got almost 3/4 of what was supposed to became Jewish National Home according to Balfour Declaration, then they got Gaza under HAMAS rule, most of West Bank under FATH rule, they have presence inside Israel proper, even in the Knesset and they still want ALL of Land of Israel!

A UNIQUE LAMPSTANDAnd the child Samuel ministered unto the LORD before Eli. And theword of the LORD was precious in those days; there was no open vision.And it came to pass at that time when Eli was laid down in his place,and his eyes began to wax dim, that he could not see; And ere theLAMP OF GOD went out in the temple of the LORD, where the ark of Godwas, and Samuel was laid down to sleep: (1Samuel 3:1-3).Here the Menorah becomes identified as "THE LAMP OF GOD". As such,the Menorah is a timeless symbol. This seven-branched candlestick,for many Christians (if recognized at all) has been regarded aslittle more than a Jewish relic. However, this God-given symbolshould not be considered something "out of date" nor simply Jewishbut divine and therefore timeless. Notice in the foregoing scripturethat the Menorah was not referred to as the "Lamp of the Jews" orthe "Lamp of the Temple" nor the "Lamp of the Synagogue" but theLAMP OF GOD. Why? Because it was God who designed it, had itconstructed, and commanded its use (Ex 25:31, Number 8:2-4).

Israel hates America. This is obvious in its disregard for American requests for peace. We give it aid and it destroys our ships (USS Liberty) and sends spies (Jonathan pollard) here.

If Gaza is a prison then it's the Hamas that turned Gaza into a prison.With their crazy Iranian style of persecution of the citizens of Gaza.An oppressive and nasty regime that killed hundreds of Fatah members in very cruel methods.Killing their own brothers.Toe the line or Bang Bang, in the middle of the street.Street theater Hamas style.

Robert: buzz the eff off

The map Obama has with him doesn't show Jerusalem  as the capital of Israel.That's his first mistake.The Palestinian people are Bedouins.They were nomadic and never ever had a nation of their own.Look it up.If Obama sides with the Palestinians the USA will will face God's wrath.Israel can take care of itself.Watch AND See!!A big problem is that the Palestinians have shot themselves in the foot. Israel gave them Gaza and in return had rockets fired at them.The obvious conclusion from this is that returning any land on the West Bank would result in more rockets and less peace.Bad deal, so impasse.

Israel needs to get flattened already. Then we will finally know peace.

It is proven that there are no such beings as Stinkestinians, a made up name of arabs as a propaganda ploy but none other than the Terror Chief himself, Arafat the Egyptian.  Next there is no do-over to lands lost by arab countries and their incessant unprovoked wars of aggression against the counterattacking and victorious Jews of Israel.  These are lands that now belong to Israel and are integral to it.Those pre-1967 lines the JewHaters speak about are old armistice lines where fighting stopped due to agreed upon ceasefires.  They are most certainly not borders. So before you schmuckos put your wordprocessors in gear, get your facts straight.No serious feces talks will be done.  That is because the Stinkestinians have  a cause----in writing---that they don't want a state of their own; they want the destruction of Israel and death to all the Jews in it.  So negotiations and concessions leading to national suicide are simply not in the picture.Too bad for the left over squatting arabs......

Wonder who started that RC?  Your chickens come home to roost?  How is that organized "crew of liars" coming?

Barrack Hussein Obozo is currently a illegal occupier of Native American territory and should lead by example and vacate the American continent. The nerve of Obozo to tell Jews where they can or can`t live in there spiritual homeland.

Wonder if Hope and Change will come to Gaza?   Gay marriage?   Women's rights?

PEACE

REALITY CHECK sure is funny...Frist he says he is a hero. Then he says he has been elevated to legendary status... He see and talk to ghosts...And now he wants people to call him WiseMan.....Sounds like RC and his cretin crew just may have a problem

I think it is the Hamasites that are sending the mixed signals.

this gay liberal nonsense means nothing compared to 5000 years of hatred on both sides.I hope everyone likes this jay Leno line:  An Israeli man's life was saved when he was given a Palestinian man's heart in a heart transplant operation. The guy is doing fine, but the bad news is, he can't stop throwing rocks at himself.

B.O. the worlds most international amateur going to the mideast.  God help us all.

Herzl has held the Second Zionist Congress in Basel Aug. 28-31, 1898, most of them from Russia,	Austria, Hungary,.. etc. Zonist has occupied Palestine in 1948 as per UK “THE BALFOUR DECLARATION in 1917” when Al Othman Muslim Empire fallen. Now, Zionist must go back to their home country soon.

That ugly inbred Yiddish witch is such a coward.

littly rick when did you get your very own country? what did you name your very own country? tell us please

We Jews can trace our ancestral homeland to the middle east unlike the majority of Americans who are illegally occupying native American territory. You antisemites should consider leading by example and deporting yourselves back to Europe, Asia and Africa since you are illegaly occupying native American territory.

Seyed and RZag say Israel caused 9/11 and they're right. Osama bin Laden, who boasted of his success was Jewish, I attended his bar mitzvah in Brooklyn, The arab pilots  from Saudi were going to a Jewish deli in New York but made a wrong turn. The arab masterminds in Gitmo are Jewish and operating a Jewish restaurant in Gitmo because there are so many Jewish terrorists there.

Schizophrenic thinking runs deep in Israel !!

Israelis want peace only on their terms and Netanyahoo is a liar.

A part of Islamist strategy to be aware of is a multi-phased Jihad against the West:  immigrate-&gt;breed-&gt;naturalize-&gt;vote-&gt;influence.We’re already seeing it in many West European countries like UK and France,Rachel Corrie was a treasonous slug who burned her country's flag.Deserving only of a Darwin Award.

It's always the same message Israel puts out: what's ours is ours and what's yours is ours.

If Arabs weren't hostile to Israel as a National Home of Jewish people - the Arab Palestinian State would be 60+ years old by now prospering alongside Israel!And Israeli public opinion would not be so far to the right as it is today (the rise of Naftali Bennett and his party), and everyone knows why it is!

Rachel Corrie had a terminal disease commonly known as Rachel Corrie had a terminal disease commonly known as stupidity.Unfortunately the only known cure is death..

You can't have peace if both sides aren't willing.  Bibi lies.  I was raised in church, and symbolically speaking, the biblical Jesus didn't give mixed signals on peace.

False flag Khazar Judaists brutally occupy stolen land; the real indigenous Jews only want peace.  The Khazar Judaists should return to Russia where they became "Judaists" in 750AD and leave the "real" Jews in peace with their neighbors.

No surprises here.  Bibi is a liar.  The gig is up.  You can lie for so long and people begin to see your promises never match up with your actions.

LOL........Stinking RickJihadi is an American Vet my foot......more like an Al Qaeda Vet type and illegal in America drawing welfare checks while planning terrorist attacks on the generous host

I really hope that Netanyahu leaves Nobama alone in a room while he and his wife go get something to eat. Turn the tables on the loser Nobama and see how he feels. Nobama is Israel's enemy and should be banned from going there. He is only doing it for political brownie points. Nobama is a true, liberal loser.

Bibi is a liar.  His actions never match his words of peace.  He is an evil man.  I have no respect for the people of Israel when they keep electing him.  Are the elections that corrupt, or are the people that stupid?There's no mixed signals if you understand that Netanyahu lies whenever he says he wants peace.  If you ignore his words and look at what he actually does it is clear that the only peace he wants is complete surrender by the Palestinians and their expulsion from the West Bank.

Robert sounds like you have gotten as low as RickSick.  Not too suprised.

"rc" is a smelly goatfkng arab.

The fascist obama idol worship is extremely troubling.

That's cause they do not want peace, they want 100% annihilation of the Palestinians and total control of the land..It has been the same since the 40's does no one study or look at history???

The Palestinians should be jumping all over Netanyahu's public offer to meet at the"peace table" (with no pre-conditions) From a pragmatic point of view, they have little,or no leverage so why delay? The offers are not likely to get any better with time. ofcourse they're probably hoping that Obama will exert some influence that will helpthem some way but that doesn't seem likely.

Many of the Sevens in the Bible correspond to theSeven-branched Menorah of the Tabernacle and Temple.And in the center of each carries the message Ner Elohim,or "Light of God".............."..I have looked, and behold a candlestick all of Gold...and his seven lamps thereon..." Zechariah 4:2

You are a liar @ Robert. You need professional help.

The palestinian have no right on earth in what ever they do.So all of you get this people together and give them a piece of land in sudan to live. Game over

I am doing fine RC ...what kind false flag ops you talking about I dont know of anyWhy do the schmucks refuse to address the point that the ONLY roadblock to peace is the Arab refusal to give up claims to Israel itself?

obama needs to visit palestine , Oh that's right there is no such place

"speaking truth" can only tell lies. Must be a muslime.

The only interest I have in Israel , is rather or not they will draw us into another war?

Maybe the Pope can call the big man and straighten all this out.....we've got a new one, you know....the Pope, that is

With the enemy all around them, any kind of lasting peace would be impossible for Israel. It's been this way for centuries. There is hope though, when the Messiah comes and sets up His reign in the Millennium from Jerusalem. Then and only then will righteousness and peace prevail.

After the defeat of the Axis powers, Hajj Amin al-Husseini escaped indictment as a war criminal at Nuremberg by fleeing to Egypt, where he received political asylum and where he met the young Yasser Arafat, who became a devoted protege to the point that the PLO recruited former #$%$ as terrorist instructors. Up until the time of his death, Arafat continued to pay homage to the mufti as his hero and mentor.

We Americans saved the civilization once by dealing the final blow to the #$%$ in WWII, then by dealing a final blow to defeat the Communists in the Cold War.Now it’s the time to save the civilization by defeating Islamists – both shii-ite ayatollahs and sunni salafis/brotherhood.And we don’t have much time; the Judeo-Christian civilization needs to regroup and fight back (hopefully, in non-military ways, as Sun Tzu would prefer).

So the president of israel says one thing but an underling says another...this is conflicting? The presidents words carry more weight so this is a non story.  The palis however have said one thing.  We refuse to negotiate until you stop building, release prisoners, accept 67 lines with east jerusalem as captial and THEN we can start negotiating.  Ummmm, way to make sure talks never happen palis.

The German people were exposed to the Nazi poison from 1933 to 1945 and we were pretty much able to rehabilitate them in a few decades after WWII.The Muslims, however, have been exposed to the genocidal Hadith materials for hundreds of years and I doubt they can be rehabilitated easily but standing up to the global jihad is the only option.Imagine how many Jewish lives could be saved if Britain did not renege on its promise to create Jewish state and opened gates of Palestine to Jews fleeing #$%$ in 1930s instead of closing the gates to appease oil-rich Arabs? Possibly millions.

The Jewish connection to the Land of Israel predates that of Arab Muslims by almost 2,000 years. The 1st and 2nd Jewish Temples stood in Jerusalem for 700 years, long before Islam even existed and the Arab invaders and occupiers came out of the Saudi Arabian Peninsula to try to dominate all peoples around them. These are facts that of course Muslims and the lib-dominated media do not want you to comprehend and assimilate.

Animals protect their young, Islamic savages breed them to die like the palestinian lawmaker that just died.  Then they cheer and get orgasmic.

We got Hamas from Israel.  Israel created HAmas to cause confilct with the rest of Palestine.

israelis cannot trust obama; he was, is and always will be a "progressive" arab/muslim terrorist sympathizer!

Ever wonder why God made the Sun on the fourth day and not the first?Josephus reported that the design of the Menorah in the Mosaic Tabernaclerepresented the sun and the planets. (Flavius Josephus, Antiquities of theJevvs, Book III, Chapter VI).On the first day of creation God said, "Let there be light.But God created the sun on the fourth day in order to forma Menorah framework for both the solar system and the sevendays of creation....

we have no use for those thieving criminal jihadis no more aid and watch that s hole eat itself. Jihadis will mass murder other jihadis when no one is left to murder ... Muhammad

Israel if your counting on Barrack having your back good luck you deserve everything you get!

looks the IslamioNaz*is have flooded the room with  IslamioNaz*i post bots to shut down anyone opposing the genocide and ethnic cleansing policies of the Muhammadyahu govts. They can't argue or refute the anti  IslamioNaz*is; all they do is give thumbs down.

Well Arabs in 1967 War …total Arab pop. Was over 250 Million……Israel’s pop 1967 just under 3 million …..yet the Israeli’s won decisively …..If that’s not a clue they are God’s chosen people I don’t know what would be..Well Arabs in 1967 War …total Arab pop. Was over 250 Million……Israel’s pop 1967 just under 3 million …..yet the Israeli’s won decisively …..If that’s not a clue they are God’s chosen people I don’t know what would be..

Low expectations are now the norm with President Obama. How a president elected on such a wave of optimism and expectation can have sunk so low is one of the great mystery's of the day.Not only has he failed in the Middle East he has failed on Guantanamo, failed in Iraq, failed in Afghanistan, failed in Africa, failed on gun control failed to deliver the change and hope that he promised.His re-election depended on his opponents putting up a weak candidate.

Fellow Americans..Please disregard everything after "Netanyahu said"..Thanks...

The largest recipients of world aide are the Palestinians.   They even have their own UN agency to oversee it, though most of the money never goes to anything except weapons.

Israel - most particularly Bibi - is not interested in peace.  President Carter made the most heroic efforts to engender peace, but when you have zionist terrorists running the show..  as Go stated, Begin, Shamir, Sharon..  and now, Netanyahu....   well - Obama should'a skipped this visit.  And to think, we hand Israel $3,100,000,000 - per year !  Why ?  Are we footing the bill for their 'Birthright Israel' program ?  You know - where Israel pays Jews to fly there and stay 10 days or two weeks..  learning their roots..  they do over 40,000 per year !!!!  Lots'a $$$$ for that little deal !!

In my state, Texas, there are three Holocaust museums, with a forth in construction.  FACT.  In the neighboring state of Louisiana, there are three with a forth on the way.  FACT.  And Americans had nothing to do with the so-called "holocaust".  FACT.

Asala Nasri - Aktar

Israel does NOT want peace...

Peace if was possibly it would of happened by now .

ed note–please recall that in the early days of the foreign-backed terrorist war against the people of Syria, Israel–including Peres–was engaged in an Academy-Award winning performance in pretending to ‘worry’ about the fall of Assad.Now, Peres is saying openly the exact opposite, proving that it was Israel’s intention all along that Assad be removed, but knew that openly stating such in the beginning days of the operation would reveal it for what it truly was–a fake, Zionist-backed revolution, just like those that preceded it in Egypt, Tunisia, Libya, etc.Note as well that Peres now wants to have the Arabs do the fighting, since using ‘Western forces’ would cause it to be perceived as ‘foreign interference’, which is exactly what it is.‘By way of deception, thou shalt do war…’–motto of Israel’s Mossadsource "The Ugly truth"Palestinian Belly Dancer Janelle Issis Makes the Top 20 - So You Think You CanYOUTUBE

The zionazis of Tel Aviv dont believe in peace. With peace they cannot styeal the land of Palestine.  With Peace they can.t  kill the children of Palestine.With peace they can,t kill the women of Palestine.FUHRER NATANYAHU never believe in peace.

I hope they can make some serious progress on peace negotiations.  That is what this world really needs.  It requires compromise.

Cam: you'll never get that arzzzzz into Israel. Israelis are onto your kind-hence the fence.

08-24-12 - A senior Hamas official said in a televised sermon that he wished for the annihilation of every single Jew and American.The sermon by Sheik Ahmad Bahr, deputy speaker of the Palestinian Legislative Council, was broadcast earlier this month on Hamas’s Al-Aqsa TV.“Oh, Allah, destroy the Jews and their supporters” and “the Americans and their supporters,” he was filmed saying. “Oh, Allah, count them one by one, and kill them all, without leaving a single one.”

You can be American. You can be Israeli. You can be Palestinian. I do not care which one you pick, but you need to pick ONE.

Good night Peeps 3 articles I was paying attention to the truth was told and the Zionist internet paid shills took a stomping.Great work everyone hope to see you all soon.keep trying JIDF, JPOST, HASBARA, Megaphone and all the other Jewish supremacist

If any of you Americans are not native American you are illegally occupying native American Indian territory. You should immediately vacate the American continent and return to Europe, Asia or Africa. You are illegal land squatters unlike the Jews of Israel who are native to the region known today as the middle east.

What else is new? Frick and Frack. Except that Frick lies and Frack says what is really on Frick's mind.

Zionist #$%$!Seyed is an iranian paid troll, one of the few in iran allowed access to the internet.

Gosh....he do't look like the prince of peace!

"Of course they (Palestinians) hate us.  We have stolen their land."  David Ben Gurion.

The stench of "rc" preceeds him.

They messed up on the lettering on the cake. The "H" should be a "D".

Israeli government sends mixed signals on peace. So what else is new?

The whole damn territory including Israel is expendable !!  The blood soaked piece of desert dirt has no natural resources the majority of the world wants or needs !!

Israel the land of lecherous fools zealots and war profiteers !!

Remember Shalchevet Paass, the ten month old Jewish baby shot to death by “palestinian” sniper while seated in her stroller in a playground in Hevron.The “Palestinian Authority” initially arrested the sniper but released him after a short while.It was Israelis who had to capture him. He’s unrepentant and told he intentionally targeted the baby.

Their is very common ground Israel is on their own homeland, the invented people want them in the sea,,, that is common knowledge. So their is the common grounds for peaceTheir is very common ground Israel is on their own homeland, the invented people want them in the sea,,, that is common knowledge. So their is the common grounds for peace

The Bible is written in many languages yet the content of the Scriptures remains the same.The Dead Sea Scrolls prove that God has preserved the Scriptures...

Are you Muslims obeying the Laws of Moses while you are commenting here?If not...........Why not?

Correction, more savage than animals.

That cake looks like Satan's spokeman !

Bal-Inmemoriam Of Vittorio... : Vittorio Arrigoni, 36, an Italian Hamas supporter living in Gaza was kiddnapped by Hamas affiliates for being an infidel and found hanged in a Gaza City house. The video published by the Fukestinian terrorists clearly shows that he was tortured before his death." BBC, 15th April, 2011

And said unto me, What seest thou? And I said, I have looked,and behold a candlestick all of gold, with a bowl upon the topof it, and his seven lamps thereon, and seven pipes to the sevenlamps, which are upon the top thereof: . . .Then he answeredand spake unto me, saying, This is the word of the LORD untoZerubbabel,[the restorer] saying, Not by might, nor by power,but by my spirit, saith the LORD of hosts (Zech. 4:2,6).

Nidal Hassan

Sirkhan Sirkhan

Pukeju, for a "person" that claims to be an American, why are you so blindly in support of your Israel?  You have never served America in any way, shape, or form. Yet you continue to serve your Israel with your lies and propaganda here.  So what exactly is your point, juboy?UN fact-finding mission: Israeli settlements violate intl law; Israel must ‘immediately initiate a process of withdrawal’; Governments and companies must ‘[terminate] their business interests in the settlements’

Hey REALITY CHECK how are you ? You sound mad as hell still, Chill out dude..

Muslims have never wanted peace with Israel (or anyone else). WAKE UP AND SMELL THE JIHAD.

mohammedans have a deep seeded complex of inferiority when it comes to Jews.Jesus was a Jew. FACTHis father was Joseph and his mother Miriam. The mohammedans now tell the Jews and Christians what to believe and how to believe.

Regardless of how much of a problem netanyahu is you cannot have peace with hamas embracing a philosophy  that calls for the destruction of Israel. So talk to hamas about that.

"rc" wears a used diaper on his head.

My family is from Palestine and our people (Israelites) have  been ther since or before 3000 BCE long before any palestinians

zionism is a militant cult practiced by pedophilic rabbis who entrust their flocks to keep 'a code of silence' as they rape and sodomize their kids

Robert/Rajuan the hate filled racist IslamioNaz*i said in an earlier post "Raping little Indigenous Infidel children makes me feel like a real man".

Robert/Rajuan the hate filled racist genocidal apologist says, and I quote "When Ive finished raping and killing Indigenous Infidel children, I take pictures and movies and show them to my IslamioNaz*i buddies".Seyed, the paid Iaranian troll, gets his comments from the latest edition of 1001 Muslim Lies for Dummies

Don't trust Barack Obama, Israel, as we americans are learning the hard way!

I find it funny that Netanyaho said "We extend our hand in peace to the Palestinians."  Then   he added, "With a Palestinian partner that is willing to hold negotiations in good will, Israel will be ready for a historic compromise that will end the conflict with the Palestinians once and for all." If Netanyaho truly wants peace then he would stop building settlements for Israeli's on what is recognized as Palestinian occupied territory.  That is where most of the tension and resentment on the Palestinian side is comming from.  Of course I'm going to be fair and say that the Palestinians need to bend here as well. Netanyaho and Abbas don't want peace they want to reamin in power.

June 1, 2001 - Marina Berkovizki, 17,Anya Kazachkov, 16, of Holon;Katherine Kastaniyada-Talkir, 15, of Ramat Gan;Aleksei Lupalu, 16, of the Ukraine; Mariana Medvedenko, 16, of Tel Aviv;Irina Nepomneschi, 16, of Bat Yam;Yulia Nelimov, 16, of Tel Aviv;Raisa Nimrovsky, 15, of Netanya;Liana Sakiyan, 16, of Tel Aviv;Maria Tagilchev, 14, of Netanya;and Irena Usdachi, 18, of Holon were killed when a suicide bomber blew himself  outside a disco near Tel Aviv's Dolphinarium along the seafront promenade just before midnight on Friday.Yevgenia Dorfman, 15, of Bat Yam died subsequently from their injuries.120 people were wounded in the bombing.

WARS have been fattening up the pockets of Israelis (morally unconscience lobbyists) and the Israeli backers (in US and Europe) at the expense of millions lives, trillions rubbed, million Homes destroyed, for few to have too many zeros to their bank accounts. Israeli backers are those self-claimed CHOSEN ONES living in US with dual CITIZENSHIP (ISRAELI/US) with full allegiance to only ISRAEL.

June 11, 2001 - Yehuda Shoham, aged 5 months, of Shilo, died of injuries incurred in a fatal stoning on June 5.He was critically injured by a rock thrown at the family's car near Shilo in Samaria.

No confidence in Netanyahu - the responsible adult of the Israeli economy quit - Bank of Israel Governor Stanley Fischer, a man of peace, was disappointed in Netanyahu on the diplomatic level. He was seriously concerned by Israel's falling international status and the missed opportunity to make a peace agreement with the Palestinians. -Yedioth Ahranoth (Israeli newspaper)

The jews aren't interested in peace. They're only interest is in murdering the people they're stealing land from.Everyone knows that!!!

Nonstop murder and mayhem over religion. Each religion preaches peace on one hand yet kills with the other. Smdh

Now is the time to buy the palistinians their own country. Get Saudi Arabia to chip in and create a Palistenians country in Syria. They have a sale on land and will need warm bodies soon. Everybody is happy!Now is the time to buy the palistinians their own country. Get Saudi Arabia to chip in and create a Palistenians country in Syria. They have a sale on land and will need warm bodies soon. Everybody is happy!

Hope you keep him

i HOPE they boo this failure out of their country because of the disgrace he is to America, and the CHANGE he brought in its downfall

Photo op ?

if israel gives up its nukes it will be annihilated by its blood thirsty arab/muslim neighbors who want israel off the map yesterday - REGARDLESS OF ITS BORDERS!thank you anti-zionist posters for proving my point!

PEACE

Jay Leno said something true and funny that applies to all enemies of Israel:There's now a 48-hour cease-fire going on in the Middle East. Israel will stop attacking Hezbollah, but Hezbollah will not necessarily agree to stop attacking Israel. Hey, we can't even get Mel Gibson to stop attacking Israel.

Please exaplain why pedophiles train in Iran, Egypt, Syria, and wherever the hamas occupy?

All Rabin got was violence by the jews.  And he was secular and wanted peace.  some stinking right wing jewish fanatic shot him dead.  And there is a movement to have his killer pardoned.

Trumanju, JEWS own and run the AP, juboy. NOT arabs/muslims.  FACT.Trumanju, JEWS own and run the AP, juboy. NOT arabs/muslims.  FACT.

Deuteronomy 3:3-7 God ordered Moses’ army to “utterly destroy” 60 cities, killing all the women and children within!Deuteronomy 7:12 God ordered the Israelites to kill all the people of seven nations.  He even adds, “show no mercy unto them”.Deuteronomy 20:16 God orders that we kill everything that breathes in the cities that he gives us for an inheritance

What of the Palestinians ? they have being offered all they wanted several occassions and they respond by attacks , who will negotiate with terrorists and thugs.

Well isnt everything falling into place, everyone can see who is what ,and we will soon judge what we feel is right and wrong.The world will be making things happen soon and Israel needs to be that shining light of all nations.

Search for "Wikispooks Israel 9/11" to read about America's "ally" in the Mideast.

SEYED is no paid iranian troll @ ALL. A free-minded HUMAN being full of MORAL Conscience is the SEYED.

We (USA) need a government that will put us first not support for Isreli war crimes.  Term limits on congress should help. We can sign  a petition for term limits at term limits org.

Rick, you know what the Lebanese say about the Palestinians?  That this is their own fault entirely because had they not been so damn greedy and sold land like it was on a Blue Light Special at K-Mart to the Jewish Agency none of this would be happening. But, you know what, I am glad they did. Long live Israel!

I pray that Netanyahu doesn't believe a word spewing from the consummate liar's mouth.  God help the Israelis.  Their worst enemy, other than the Arabs, is Obama.

CC is here thumbing down facts about betrayal of America and Americans for Israels ill gotten gains.You should be ashamed.Jordan is Arab palestine.  Jordan is 80% of the original land mass of palestine. Israel was created by palestinian jews on less than 20 % of the original land mass of palestine. Jews being half Aramean also have a natural right to live in Lebannon and Syria despite what Huzballah or the murderer Assad of Syria says. Both Syria and Lebannon will eventually become part of Israel in the future once the hate filled Arabs are done killing themselves off like there doing now in Syria.

Israelis are ready to negotiate.Not accept a fait accompli

Everyone wishes for peace, but also know there cannot be peace when one of the parties is committed to the destruction of the other party.

I was raised in church, and symbolically speaking, the biblical Jesus didn't give mixed signals on peace.

What ever works to get that large US aid check this year.  Israel is struggling in a weak economy and the voters demanded Netanyahu get money from the US for their vote.  He promised the friends in the US would give Israel another large aid check.  Over the years the US aid money has been used to build new homes on Palestine land and the Weapons Dome but little was spent on the citizens.  The promise made by McCain/Romney was to bomb Iran and allow Israel to get control of Iran's oil fields.  Israel has no recourses and depends of US aid since 1947.  The Palestine conflict allow Israel each year bring money to Israel.  Congress/Senate ready to pass the large aid check but likely Obama will veto it.  Obama wants the American people to get help with their own money and not give our money other countries like Israel to recover their economy.  Speaker Boehner has already said the American people want to help Israel's economy and the funding will be covered by the Middle Class and Poor.  Boehner said the US is Israel's friend and we will help.

Bibi is a prick.  I can't stand him.  We should do nothing for Israel anymore.  The man lies and lies.  His actions never match his words of peace.  He is an evil  man.  I have no respect for the people of Israel when they keep electing him.  Are the elections that corrupt, or are the people that stupid?

Israel has sought peace with their neighbors since its inception. It has only received violence in return.

'Upon taking office in 2009, Obama vowed to make Mideast peace a top priority.'Good! Because that's one of the biggest problems in the US today! Getting the Israelis and Palestinians to work together and make peace! Jesus is our government out of touch not just with the rest of the country, but with REALITY. Let them deal with their own issues, we have more than our fair share of our own!

Hey peeps! Don't be no cloud on no sunny day!

LOL .mixed messages of peace:he loves me he loves me notup the daisy down the daisyRomeo romeotu veux ou tu veux pasZionism and Peace are 2 opposites...RAND PAUL WOULD FIX THEIR BUTTS....... No more Bling Bling

Peace through strength my friends not depending on ANYTHING pres baRock OweBuma says!!! Go @ it alone for your best interest.

I Love The Palestinians ,They are God's PeopleThey are facing enemies from the Underworld ,The beasts and the HadesThe Vampires and werewolves ..May God Almighty Protect The Palestinians From These Heathens and beastsSalute PalestiniaVIVA PALESTINIA

i cant believe the writer of this article called tzippi a dovish former minister, who gets along well with Pals? she is is barred from travelling to europe where she faces charges of war criminal when she and olmert were competing in another of their bombing of civilians over there. and meeting with the Palestinians  means speaking with Abbas who does israels bidding in regard to his own people.

The low-end estimate for Iraqi civilians killed is about 134,000, although the Watson Institute says the war may have contributed to as many as four times that number.The much-cited, peer-reviewed Lancet study found in 2006 that about 650,000 Iraqis, both civilians and fighters, had died from the war up until that point. Credible research estimates that more than 1 million Iraqis were killed, with 4.5 million displaced.“Despite the US military withdrawal,” the report says, “Iraq’s health, infrastructure, and education systems remain war-devastated.”“Meanwhile, the $212 billion reconstruction effort was largely a failure with most of that money spent on security or lost to waste and fraud,” Reuters reports.The Terribly Corrupt CHOSE PEOPLE must be PROUD of their CRIMES against HUMANITY.

Isreal has never been about peace until the other countrys band together and wipe them out.

Without any exception, these miserable mohammedans here love to LIE, SLANDER and  DENIGRATE.Primitive hateful taqqya heads.

Nutandyahoo please tell Obama that you stand for peace by giving up all of Israel's nukes!!!

Bs bs bs bs as usual no till they return to 1967 borders as un resolutions demand we need to back that up with colation strikes on israels nukes unless they withdraw from stolen lands n o w

There is one and only one way to achieve Peace between the Palestinians and the Israelis....Place all of the West Bank in Palestinian control and remove all Israeli military from the area as well........Khazar fake Jews. Nutlessyahoo's real name is Benjamin Miliekowsky. Shimon Perez is Simon Perski. Golda Meir was Golda Mobavich. David BenGurion was David Gruen. What a bunch of damn Khazar Pollock frauds.

Great I know how to stop that yiddish witch from thumbing.

Remember therefore from whence thou art fallen, and repent, and do the first works;or else I will come unto thee quickly, and will remove thy CANDLESTICK out of hisplace, except thou repent. Rev. 2:4-5A spiritual interpretation could be reasonably rendered from this passage butevidently there is also a very practical side to consider. There is every reasonfor us to conclude that this Menorah symbol was physically on display in thosefirst century churches, and for good reason. First, as a congregation, they weremore "Judeo-Christian" in nature and appearance than the subsequent church thatbecame more Greko-Roman in orientation. The indication is that the candlestickmust have served as an official symbol of identity with that body of Christianchurches originating in Jerusalem who had been birthed of Judaism. The Lord didnot want the Ephesus congregation, if it remained in its existing lovelesscondition, to even be considered by the public as representing the Judeo-ChristianFaith.

Israel has been sending ONE SIGNAL to America. Give us money (40 years and counting now.)

There are NO mixed signals coming from Israel.Israel means to annex (steal) the West Bank.Zionists believe that they are entitled to a "Greater Israel".Israel is a criminal nation, basing their decision of self-serving ideas about 'God'.After all, they are the Chosen People, God's favorites.If you believe that, then you will believe anything.

Israel wants peace but they don't know how to obtain it and get the Palestinians land at the same time. For over 60 years they've taken little by little and have peed off the whole world except their puppets in the USA.

"Robert  •  4 mins 25 secs ago Report Abuse---- Jeff the racist hate filled ZioNaz*i POS said, and I quote "I love raping and murdering little palestinian children".Monumental LIE and SLANDER mohammedan style. Shameless.

Israel continues to violate international law with their illegal occupation and settlements.  Laws they agreed to when they joined the UN.  THAT is the issue; the land.  Get off the land and get peace.

How does Jewish zealot expansionism and provocation improve Israeli security ??

If the Israeli pullout from Gaza was a litmus test for Arab peace intentions, then the Arabs failed miserably. Instead of peace, we saw civil war, cross border terror attacks, kidnapping of Israeli soldiers, and thousands of rocket attacks on Israeli towns and cities. If this is the kind if peace that the Arabs are offering Israel in exchange for territories bought with Jewish blood, then I don't blame Israel for saying a loud, "NO THANKS!"Saturday, March 16th, also marked the ten year anniversary of the death of Rachel Corrie, who was killed in the Gaza Strip when the Israel Defense Forces ran over her with a bulldozer on its way to demolish a Palestinian home. Rachel’s father wrote a piece for The Hill to commemorate the anniversary and lament how shamefully little has been done to prevent further Israeli destruction of Palestinian homes on Palestinian land.

Obama and the hamas are two of a kind.

NO---actually for anyone who has bothered to follow the details Israel sends very clear and concise messages about "peace"---essentially they wish to avoid it at all costs...whenever there is any danger of negotiation these hucksters will start another round of violence and blame it on the Palestinians...now their favorite ruse is Hamas--but lets recall that Israel sponsored and financed backed Islamic Hamas over the secular PLO for this very excuse....the Zionists are the living embodiemt of pure evil !!!

Netanyahu said,"blahblahlablah."  He lies so that is all I hear.

There is only one good-faith move that will lead to peace.  It's the Arabs' declaring that Israel is not built on Arab land, that their Palestine does not include Israel, that any Arab who never lived in Israel is not a refugee, and that those who did leave Israel did so because of the war their side started, and so is not a refugee either.EVERY attempt to end the conflict has failed because the Arabs refuse to give up their claim to Israel itself.

Jews hide out here in America and support Israel out of guilt for NOT living there.  It is exaclty what Ben Gurion said would happen.  They cause problems for the nations in which they live.  All because they prefer living here among real people instead with a bunch of stinking jews.

Many good and honorable people around the world (Jewish and non-Jewish) are honored to support Israel, because Israel is just and is the victim of Arab aggression and the bigotry of people like Seyed.  Israel has continuously tried to make peace with the Arabs, but very few Arabs have been willing.  When Egypt or Jordan showed willingness, Israel quickly jumped at the chance for peace.  If only the Palestinians would show willingness to make peace and loved the lives of their children more than they desire the deaths of the Jews.

Bibi could very well be the symbolic anti-Christ.  People that can't think for themselves and see all sides are foolish.  People will be deceived.  A christian label isn't going to save you.  The truth is there for all to see.

Till 1948 , a Palestinian was a Jew living in the Mandate of Palestine.The first Jewish philharmonic orchestra in Israel was called the The Palestine Symphony Orchestra. FACTThe Arab Palestinians were invented in 1964 when the Arab League created the PLO.

Looks like israel's internet shills and their thumb team have taken over the thread.. Anything they can do to disinform Americans and make it appear that America supports land theft and apartheid, they will do. Google "hasbara trolls"..It’s very simple. Israeli wants:a. Peace when they occupy a country.b. USA must protect and fight for their "peace"

Speaking,Even if the study was correct (which is debatable and never said mainly), over half of the population of Israel are Sephardic Jews whose ancestors never even set foot in Europe.  Please explain that one.

...WOW!..Rick got under Pook's skin....LOL!...

The Western Judeo-Christian Civilization should stop acting like a battered wife asking her abusive husband not to hurt her anymore.Instead, it should mount a global (not necessarily military) counter-offence (AntiJihad) that will pull the plug on radical/political Islam.

Jew help build and establish America.  They helped make it better, we like them.  Muslims, forget it.

Why are Jihadi mosques round?So they cant hide in the corner when the Zaakat box comes round!

Deleting Ratalies thumbs after it has thumbed up 20 times. SUCH FUN. What a waste of a life u lead you yiddish witch

Real Americans want Obama to stay home

We palestinian jews who created Israel the only success story in the entire region owe nobody a apology. We palestinian jews have always had a prescence in this region long before the Arab/ Muslim  invasion of the 6th century. We Jews have lived in this region long before Christianity or Islam ever existed. We jews are also half Aramean and have a natural  right to live in Syria and Lebannon despite what Huzballah or Assad the murderer says. Israel will eventually incorporate these areas in the future. A large portion of the worlds population will also convert to Judaism in the future by free choice unlike Islam which used the sword to forcifully convert it`s followers.

Our President's visit, Israel is cleaning up streets and hanging lights, Palis are doing drive-bys &amp; being vandals. Mr Prez .. AVOID Mohacadamians !!israel never wanted peace, just time to build more illegal settlement blocks

RC try to chill out a little. Israel will still be here tomarow

Why America (independent &amp; free, as claimed) is so hypnotized by and at the bondage of the "deeply CORRUPT Chosen People", many of whom are dual-citizen of US and Israel???? That's so amazing &amp; yet SAD.

There is no Palestine just intruders from Arab countries trying to overthrow Israel.No matter how long Arabs lie about that it won't change history or the truth.

Little to late Mr. Obama..... I hope he meets with a lower level cabinet member and not the PM.

"Get Back  •  50 secs ago Report AbuseWe got Hamas from Israel. Israel created HAmas to cause confilct with the rest of Palestine."---------- NOT so ... Hamas is a progeny of the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood. FACT

Mixed Signals????  Nope....Ever deal with a Jew...they tell you one thing, while doing the complete opposite.

Don't believe dabama for he is a LIAR , anti-semitic , anti-white and his past actions is all the proof you need . Germany will take care of the iranian regime then will double-cross Israel and also the Jewish nation in the mid east : it is written !

gew gew was a bunch of people from Russia, Europe and America stole some Palestinian  land. Gew gew thought they had it coming but it was not there land. Get back, get back, Get back to where you once belonged. Get back gew gew.

"reality check" is a paid muslime troll. Paid for his lies and for just being a typical muslime pos.If you make a nation than needs walls and Iron Dome you made a nation that cannot solve issues peacfully. That in itself should tell something about what kind of Nation Israel is.  But some back ground should make it extreamly clear.  The truth is before Zionist came to Palestine Jews, Muslims and Christianslived in peace.  Before that the longest peace Jews ever knew was under Islam in the Ottoman empire.  It was Islam that allowed Jews to build a temple in Palestine.  What has Islam got from Zionist?

When you send mixed signals it becomes obvious you have some thing to hide,and it is not the wanting of peace.

The Palestinians want to go back to the 1967 borders?!!! Amazing. Those borders are indefensible and had the combined forces of the Islamic states won land in the 1967  war it's inconceivable they'd give them up to Israel. Besides, it's no longer  the Israelis' responsibility to appease the Palestinians. They tried that repeatedly since 1948;  rather it's now the Palestinians responsibility to prove they are reliable and sincere partners for peace and propose a settlement that ensures not only their right to statehood but the Israeli right to safe and secure boundaries.

GOD has BLESSED AMERICA while ISRAEL has been CURSED by the AlMIGHTY GOD. God has FORSAKEN THE deeply Immoral and terribly CORRUPT self-claimed CHOSEN PEOPLE.

It recently came out that Netanyahu was as a young man, a member of a group of Israelis who stole and smuggled American nuclear weapons technology and materials. The front company they used in California left a mess that could cost the taxpayers a half billion dollars to clean up. Bibi was also one of the architects of the 9/11 false flag mass murder of 3,000 people in 2001. He was so full of glee on 9/11 that he couldn't resist stating how it was "very good for Israel". When Bibi's not stealing from and killing Americans, he's lobbying for the release of Jewish-American traitor Jonathan Pollard.

palestinians are genocidal maniacs

What do we (USA) get from Israel? We get a powerful lobby telling our congress to give Israel money and back there war crimes,  We get to be the only nation of any size to back Israel in the UN, We get to spend more money than the rest of the world combine on the war machine so we can have Israel's back, We get to talk out of both sides of our mouth, one side saying we are against Israeli illegal settlements the other side supporting Israeli illegal squarters in the UN,  We get to have a congress signing letters written by AIPAC saying what great friends Israel is.  We get to be a target of terrorism for supporting Israeli crimes against humanity.  We get attacked by Israel USS Liberty and probably 9/11.  We get to be spied on by Israel. We get our Vice president Biden to be told by Isrel while he was there trying to get peace talks going that Isral will build more illegal settlements. Thats the kind of stuff we get from Israel.

Ethnic cleansing and genocide are part of the Israeli/Jewish religion..."Little by little I will drive them out before you, until you have increased enough to take possession of the land.  I will establish your borders from the Red Sea to the Mediterranean Sea, and from the desert to the Euphrates River. I will give into your hands the people who live in the land, and you will drive them out before you.  Do not make a covenant with them or with their gods. Do not let them live in your land or they will cause you to sin against me, because the worship of their gods will certainly be a snare to you.”

When his Palestinian friend Nader el Banna tries to visit his homeland but is detained by a young Israeli newcomer in a soldier’s uniform with a heavy Russian accent, Peled was indignant, saying, “It takes a special kind of arrogance or ignorance, for someone who is new to a country to keep an older person (who was born in that country and whose ancestors were born in that country) out” Miko Peled, pg 150~Go

A federal court in California has ruled that a surveillance tool widely used by the FBI to obtain information on Americans without court oversight is unconstitutional because the gag order that accompanies it violates the First Amendment.A federal court in California has ruled that a surveillance tool widely used by the FBI to obtain information on Americans without court oversight is unconstitutional because the gag order that accompanies it violates the First Amendment.

Israel does not want peace, they want to continue to steal land until everything is "theirs". Hamas wouldnt even exist if not for Israels long,brutal campaign of theft and death against the Palestinians. Occupation breeds resistance. Not rocket science.

"rc" gets paid in virgin goats.

Marc, that ain't happening.   To get peace, you stinking jews have to leave the West Bank and  the Golan Heights.  The world sides with the Palests, NOT with you stinking quikes.

"rc" is a muslime squealing shill pig.

Reality Check's version of history:  The Arab countries sign a pact and agree to invade Israel and drive every man, women and child into the sea.  They openly state this in speeches and newspapers.  Then, the Arab armies amass on the Israeli borders.  Then, Israel attacks.  Who started the war?  In reality, the Arabs did.  To reality check, this was Israel starting a war and any Arab deaths as a result are Israeli war crimes.  How pathetic!

The world biggest L I A R.

Many good and honorable Jewish people around the world are being damaged by the deeply corrupt, sickly divisive, enormously morally bankrupt SELF-Claimed no-good CHOSEN PEOPLE. EVEN the AlMighty "Just GOD" HAS FORSAKEN these deeply misguided ones.

“The magnitude of violations relating to Israel’s policies of dispossessions, evictions, demolitions and displacements from land shows the widespread nature of these breaches of human rights . . . The motivation behind violence and intimidation against the Palestinians and their properties is to drive the local populations away from their lands, allowing the settlements to expand.” -Unity Dow, a judge and human rights activist from Botswana (-UN fact-finding mission appointed by the United Nations Human Rights Council)

Israel was created by palestinian jews in 1948. Israel has always existed. Israel is eternal. Israel is legitimate. There is no occupation. The only occupation that exists is the occupation of hate and love of terrorism in the average Arab / Muslims mind.Israel was created by palestinian jews in 1948. Israel has always existed. Israel is eternal. Israel is legitimate. There is no occupation. The only occupation that exists is the occupation of hate and love of terrorism in the average Arab / Muslims mind.

Israel is an albatross around America's neck !!

israeli terrorist groups haganah and irgun were attacking Arab villages and murdering women and children before any of the Arab countries attacked israel. The Brits wrote about it..and many Jewish scholars have written about it. Ilan Pappe...Benny Morris..Noam Chomsky and many many others

Mixed signals? No, very clearly Israel wants ww3 while the USA is still foolishly allied with her, Israel wants the USA to kill most of the middle east. No mixed signals there.

Let's just stop playing this dangerous game. There is NO WAY Arabs will EVER live in peace next to Jews no matter what Israel gives them.The ONLY solution and hope for peace in Israel is:Jews back to JUDEA and Samaria and all Arabs back to Saudi ARABIA!!!

how can they trust obama when he has thrown them under a bus in the past. plus, if americans cannot trust obama, then how can other nations. obama changes his tune ever so often has already forgotten half of his promises since the election.

Israel doesn't just want peace, they also want a piece of arab land!!!

Then you have a Muslim pres that told Ben to go back to the 1967 land lines... What a dope!! But remember, Barry is a Muslim..

I wonder how many of those West Bank settlers can trace even one generation of their families to the Holy Land. Instead they tell all of the Palestinians some who have been there for at least 4-5 generations to leave because it is their land.

Factually Speaking :- The newest DNA science finding is from Dr. Eran Elhaik (“a Jew”) and associates at the McKusick-Nathans Institute of Genetic Medicine, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. In research accepted December 5, 2012 and published by the Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society of Molecular Biology and Evolution, it was found that the “Khazarian Hypothesis” is scientifically correct.NEW FACTSFactually Speaking :- The newest DNA science finding is from Dr. Eran Elhaik (“a Jew”) and associates at the McKusick-Nathans Institute of Genetic Medicine, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. In research accepted December 5, 2012 and published by the Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society of Molecular Biology and Evolution, it was found that the “Khazarian Hypothesis” is scientifically correct.NEW FACTS

I like to think the Third Reich never died...it just moved to the Middle East with Israel.They act just like their 'great enemy' against others.

''God ,make me an instrument of your Peace ,Where there is hatred, Let me sow Love.Where there is injury , Let there be pardon.Where there is doubt , Let there be faith.Where there is despair , let there be Hope.Where there is darkness ,let there be Light.Where there is sadness ,Let there be Joy"Amen

owned rataLIE

To all you "palestinian" apologists who whine about israel's tough response to palis throwing rocks and firebombs.JERUSALEM (JTA) -- A 3-year-old Israeli girl is in critical condition after a car accident in the West Bank caused by rocks thrown by Palestinians.

Interesting fact:  Arabs tried to annihilate Israel and its people before 1967.  Now, they claim they are only violent because of the "occupation."  It seems their violence pre-dated any occupation.  Could it be that they are just looking for their latest excuse for violence and that they have no interest in peace?

@FOIDo you believe that Jesus is God?

I see that my buddy Pal is busy cloning Ishy.That's okay, because I am busy obsessing over David Rosenthal.

Peace is impossible until President Obama is in office because his position on the Israeli-Palestinian peace process is even more extreme than that of President Abbas.  Never before Obama became President did the Palestinians demand the freeze of settlement construction.  And even if Israel agrees to freeze it is easy to predict that Obama, Palestinians and Obama mass media will immediately try to accuse the Israelis of cheating like they did in 2009.   Obama and the Palestinians have made their positions far more extreme than under Presidents Clinton and Bush.  Both, Obama and Palestinians, are trying hard to make the Israelis look bad, advancing endless accusations, particularly in regard to settlements.  Obama, his mass media and the Palestinians are getting hysterical when they talk about settlements.  Israel made all concessions to conclude peace treaties with Egypt and Jordan, retreated from South Lebanon and abandoned Gaza settlements.  Neither the Arab Associated Press or Obama and his supporters never mention these facts.  Neither Obama nor Palestinians are realistic even one percent to talk seriously about negotiations.  Lets wait till 2016.

To put a PERMANENT END to warmongerings and every day financial terrorism around the globe, PEOPLE NEED TO UNDERSTAND the Unholy connections and the CORRUPT BUSINESS between the 535 senators and House of representative of The United States AND the DEEPLY CORRUPT AND TERRIBLY IMMORAL Israeli Lobbyists in Washington.To put a PERMANENT END to warmongerings and every day financial terrorism around the globe, PEOPLE NEED TO UNDERSTAND the Unholy connections and the CORRUPT BUSINESS between the 535 senators and House of representative of The United States AND the DEEPLY CORRUPT AND TERRIBLY IMMORAL Israeli Lobbyists in Washington.

If Palestinians were smart they would be happy with the 70% of the Palestine Mandate that they have called Jordan which is three times Israel's size and where they are a majority of the population, but they are not smart.

obama = the brown bush bank puppet.

(Israel's) "Likud (party)... to advance law of "Jewish state" - The law will state that the Jewish character of the state overpowers democratic values. The new Basic law makes Israel's democratic principles subservient to the country's Jewish character." From Haaretz (Israeli newspaper) Shocker huh?

I have a poster like that of Obama, but under him it says CRIMINAL

I gotta watch my hockey game...be back later..You guys keep israel's internet trolls and shills in check with the truth!

Obie needs to keep his inexperienced #$%$ out of other countries.  Hell, he has no idea what to do here in the US let alone another country.  Oh, and heating up his credit card again.  Just watch, he will leave a huge pile of OUR cash there.

Factually Speaking . . .In 2008, Russian archaeologist Dmitry Vasilyev unearthed Itil, the long lost capital of the Kingdom of Khazaria. New DNA science proves that today’s “Jews” come from Khazaria and are not the seed of Abraham.FACT.

Israel fought a war in 1967 and kicked the #$%$ out of the palestinians.It is their land to do whatever they want with it.

The jews have stolen land outside their borders.  And no matter how the stinking jews dress it up, the land remains stolen.  If Israel wants peace, they MUST give up the land.  Until that time comes, the world supports the Palests as Freedom Fighters and nothing less.  Get that jews?Without any exception, these miserable mohammedans here love to LIE, SLANDER and  DENIGRATE.Primitive hateful taqqya heads.

The hen, cornered by wolves, sends mixed signals on whether 'peace' will include it's existence

Hi Wildman, nothing like living in a free society where we are free to eat garlic bread sticks topped with jalapenos and slam mohammedan liars at the same time.

google USS Cole... Pathetic jihadis your time is coming

Cam Cooko goes trolling on islamel sites with 5 identities then thumbs up or down in all identities. Paid by jihadis, how pathetic

Hamass ordered obama to stay away from the Temple Mount or Hamass would declare war in the United States and like a good little muslim toadie Obama will obey.

"Robert  •  4 mins 25 secs ago Report Abuse---- Jeff the racist hate filled ZioNaz*i POS said, and I quote "I love raping and murdering little palestinian children".Monumental LIE and SLANDER mohammedan style. Shameless.

'Exodus' in reverse !...let the Arabs return to the desert &amp; bring forth harvests!   So.Written ? ?

Why do American Presidents think they can impose peace when both sides clearly do not want it? We need to close the checkbook and just walk away. Let them kill each other.

Jonny, not to be a nit picker , but Israel's per capita income is precisely  $31,467 / year.Cheers !the Israeli prime minister,Benjamin Netanyahu, is a known liar!their was only one Israeli prime minister who ever reached his hand to the Palestinians and honestly worked for peace, and then the Israelis murdered him. that was eighteen years ago.and ever since then Israel was internationally obligated to keep the appearance of some one who still pursue peace, when it couldn't be farther from the truth.Israel has only one truthful claim, Hamas, the Palestine party In control of Gaza, is a radical fundamentalist terrorist organisation.  but so are the Israeli ruling parties,Likud and the Jewish settlers, only difference is they have an organised military to do their bidding.the best thing the Obama can do is just to send some drones, pluck out the hawks on the two sides, and lets the Doves make peace.

wow hiding my post... board is quiet and you have nothing better to do.. shame on you... juvenile and immature.... refute what I've posted instead

Luke that was deep .... and if you been here long enough you would have noticed they are many sick posters..... I can recall a few posters spamming the boards wishing US troops sent home in body bags.... that is truly disgusting

Till 1948 , a Palestinian was a Jew living in the Mandate of Palestine.The first Jewish philharmonic orchestra in Israel was called the The Palestine Symphony Orchestra. FACTThe Arab Palestinians were invented in 1964 when the Arab League created the PLO.

The US, UK, EU and Israel gave BILLIONS to the Palestinians under Arafats rule - where did the money go?To foster terrorism and to Arafat and his cronies offshore bank accounts.Hamas leaders force civilians to shelter their terrorist activity, that use schools and hospitals to store arms and harbor wanted criminals.NO country have demonstrated such restraint. Israel has the third largest air force in the world - yet it sends infantry soldiers to capture terrorists in the #$%$ Bank and Gaza to minimize collateral damage.

Erichjew, so what are you doing here?  Hiding out from the IDF draft?

Wow, you can always tell when mosque prayers let out,the propaganda and Jew-hating bigotry gets in full swing :-O

"Get Back  •  50 secs ago Report AbuseWe got Hamas from Israel. Israel created HAmas to cause confilct with the rest of Palestine."---------- NOT so ... Hamas is a progeny of the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood. FACT

Bibi loves drama.

Stop, are you aware of international law that does not recognize land taken by force?  Or are you just another stupid, stinking ju?Why anyone jew, arab, or martian would want to live in that hellhole of a desert is beyond comprehension.

No wonder Khazar Judaists say they are “victims”, they will never be free people because their murder, torture, and land theft will follow them wherever they go.  They are victims of their own crimes locked into a forever jail they created and we are "anti-Judaist"; because we don’t like murderers and thieves

Jews have 12 political parties in their Congress. Surely, there is no ideological unity. But president Morsi decision to pump sewage water into Gaza tunnels have made USA socialist-progressives and UK Fabians blush.

Netanyahu , at the request of the US leadership imposed a 10 month memorandum on development in the West Bank as the PLO requested.The Abbas crew were absent for 9 1/5 months , to show up in the last two weeks and ask for more time. This is not negotiation, this is taqqya.

The stolen land is the issue.  Until the stinking jews give up the illegally occupied land there will be no peace and I support the Palests in that goal.  As does the entire world.  No one likes Israel.  NO ONE.

I am getting the FEELING that, in the WEST, the free speech against the MORALLY BANKRUPT Chosen People is considered a big NO NO. It seems that almost everyone is fearful and MUTE to even criticize these UNHOLY ONES. Even Good Friends Criticize Friends. I see everywhere people are amazingly MUM and MUTE . WOW, very sad.

America is BEING RUINED by the mis-directions and UNWISE DEMANDS of the TROUBLE makers, so UNHAPPY, and so DIVISIVE "self-Claimed Chosen NO-GOOD People". World is suffering from these SO unjust &amp; TERIBBLY CORRUPT Chosen People.

Odumbo needs to stay home for a change and take care of "our" business; he has not proven th be the great statesman he thinks he is.  I'm sure money will be part of his visit to further his attempts to ensure Israel's vote when he wants to become "king of the world".  What a loser!

Do NOT trust this muslum want a be, Israel.  He could just be stabbing you in the back like he did the whole USA.

In the new Israeli government Obama said he is looking forward to working with, the Minister of Housing and Construction is the extreme rightwing Uri Ariel. He was the founder of a settlement and has served as secretary general of both the Amana settlement movement (formed by Gush Emunim in 1976), and the Yesha Council (an umbrella organization of the municipal councils of the illegal Jewish settlements on the occupied West Bank). He was also a director of the Jewish National Fund, a key player from 1901 in Zionism’s colonial enterprise. He is opposed to the creation of a Palestinian state and in favour of the annexation of all of the occupied West Bank.We're missing the point. Israel has signed an international agreement to freeze all further expansion of the settlements, including "natural growth". They need to stand by their international agreements just like any other country; they're not different. What really gets me is that what those on the right would have us do is check with Israel before we do anything that they may dislike. We don't have that stance with any other country, and if we did, they'd say we were surrendering our sovereignty. On a side note, everyone who has ever lived in a major metropolitan area knows that you don't "expand" outward, you "expand" upward. If Israel's real concern was adequate housing for their citizens, why would they not build high rise apartment complexes instead of single-family dwellings? I live in Chicago, and if we had to build single-family homes as our only way of dealing with a rising population, cities like Des Moines and Cleveland would probably count as Chicago Suburbs.

It's kind of hard to negotiate with people who want to eliminate you. The Hamas Charter contains a lot of anti-semitic ideology. I support Israel full heartedly. The Jews were able to take these lands and make them fertile and prosperous. They did it through hard work not through "leeching off the taxpayers". Yes, the Israeli government has a lot of problem but Israel is like a diamond in a sea of Middle Eastern dictatorships. For those of you who hate Israel so much, why don't you visit it? It's a great modernized country. Seriously, where else did you want the Jews to go? Europe? South America? Israelis have tried to make peace with the Palestinians but it did not work. Jews have been continuously living there even before Islam even came into existence. Even if Israel gives up all of its land, the Palestinians will still not be happy. If the Palestinians complain about being "oppressed" then tell me how the #$%$ are they able to have access to the internet and have the time to post their views? It just doesn't make sense to me.

Nutandyahoo want a free squadron of F-35s.  He will fake some attack on Iran and take a little more arab land until the US gives in to his damands!!!

This is the recorded HISTORY of the MANUFACTURED allegations against IRAN:1992: Israeli member of parliament Binyamin Netanyahu predicts that Iran was “3 to 5 years” from having a nuclear weapon.1992: Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres predicts an Iranian nuclear warhead by 1999 to French TV.1995: The New York Times quotes US and Israeli officials saying that Iran would have the bomb by 2000.1998: Donald Rumsfeld tells Congress that Iran could have an intercontinental ballistic missile that could hit the US by 2003

Israel doesn't want peace, they want land.  Land and still more land.  Endless "living space".  Peace will come ONLY when they get off the the illegally occupied lands and go home.  Unfortunately more real people will have to die.  Like another 911 before Americans wake up to what the stinking jews are all about.

The zionist hypocrites decree "no Palestinian state w/o negotiations and no preconditions". While these land thieves move 550,000 illegal "settlers" into the Occupied Palestinian Territories. The height of hypocrisy. Unbelievable.

We need to back away from Israel.  I'm sick of their BS.

Don't trust Israel Mr. president. You can trust Iran more.

What the palistinian "leaders" still want is for Israel to pretend there was no 1967 attack on Israel and just go away.  But still provide food, transportation, health care and jobs to the Moslems who cannot bring themselves to live alongside anyone else.

Barrack Hussein Obozo is a illegal occupier of native American terrirtory and has no business telling Jews they can`t live in the ancient spiritual capital of Judaism.Zionazis don't want peace, haven't they made that clear over the past 60 years????

Bibi put Obamination in a head lock, he has evil plans for us and you.

Considering Obama's forcefulness with Israel leaving the occupied territories when he first became president, you have to wonder what was the cause for his 180?

Carla, I doubt that you will find many Israelis today, who would consider themselves to be"Zionists". The vast majority are likely just concerned about the same things that concernmost of us (except for the next rocket attack, suicide bomber, etc etc)

3. Yebamoth 60b: R. Simeon b. Yohai stated: A proselyte who is under the age of three years and one day is permitted to marry a priest,13 for it is said, But all the women children that have not known man by lying with him, keep alive for yourselves, and Phinehas surely was with them. And the Rabbis?Babylonian Talm&amp;d: Yebamoth 60

What happen if someine throw the Quran in toilet.

Bin Ladin

Al Alwaki

just answer this one question, why are the jihadis hated and kicked out of every country they try to go in and murder from?

Rachel Corie was a #$%$, she did all Hamas leadership and when she threatened to disclose that to Imam of Mecca they drugged her and put her under the wheels of a Zionist bulldozer at night.Rachel Corie was a #$%$, she did all Hamas leadership and when she threatened to disclose that to Imam of Mecca they drugged her and put her under the wheels of a Zionist bulldozer at night.

Milo,The number of Jews in Israel now number more than those that died in the Holocaust.  I think that  is just Grand.  Where is Hitler today Milo?

mohammedans have a deep seeded complex of inferiority when it comes to Jews.Jesus was a Jew. FACTHis father was Joseph and his mother Miriam. The mohammedans now tell the Jews and Christians what to believe and how to believe.

Reality Chicken if you are not a Native American Indian you are cureently engaged in the illegal occupation of Native American territory and should be deported to Europe , Asia or Africa.

The Jews didnt steal anything from anyone, They MADE IT UP, THEMSELVES!

I find it relieving that the egyptian bill seeking to legalize necrophilia between a living spouse and a dead one for up to six hours after the death, did not pass.  But it is disturbing to know that there are people in Egypt's parliament who actuallt introduced such a bill.  This is the mentality Isreal is coping with.

Seriously, can someone explain why Muslim Mullahs allowed to practice pedophilia?

I don't know why people get offended at the fact that if a Muslim kills a Jew, there will barely be a squeak, but if a Jew kills a Muslim, Islamist groups are gonna riot all over the world. Jews have to put up with so much #$%$, it's unbelievable. I am a Jew and I have nothing to do with the current situation in Israel, so stop lumping me in one category.

The different parties in the coalition must have known about the new government domestic and international policies otherwise they would not have agreed to participate in this government. They also know the US policy and what the US wants to see accomplished regarding peace with the Palestinians. This explains why Tsipi Livni agrees to join the government and why the hardline religeous parties are excluded. If Israel opposes US demands the next step will be the Palestinians will go back to the Security Council and ask for UN full membership which the US cannot veto. If this happens then the matter of occupation, illegal settlement, detention of prisoners without trials, building walls on illegal land etc will be brought before the Security Council or the World Court.

Are Americans aware that CAIR and the OIC hires and trains internet agents who park their butts on these threads 24/7.. insulting anything that moves, and pumping out disinformation? 24 hours a day...every day. Hiding the truth and disguising their lies is a booming islamic industry.God send  Moses and Jesus and Muhammad to make peace, and steal no peace ,if both act like crowing up it can happened ,less talk and more action, teach your kids  love not  hate   peace for the sick of god and the and the sick of innocent peoples

From some of the anti-Obama, pro-Zionist posts on here from "Americans"(who's computer IP addresses are likely in Tel Aviv) it looks like Mossad's cyber unit is working late tonight.

I would agree with the brothel businessman.  The propects of "peace" are "delusional".It's not often that I agree with this bumbling boisterous babbling butt bumper..-S/T

Sadly or luckily enough (depends on which side are you)...no one single person represents a government view. Netanyahu might be ready for compromise, but that doesn't mean the people is, or want to go back to the terror palestinians inflicted into the Israeli people...so keep'em affar !!

“The third Netanyahu government has one clear goal: enlarging the settlements and achieving the vision of ‘a million Jews living in Judea and Samaria.’ This magic number will thwart the division of the land and prevent once and for all the establishment of a Palestinian state.” -Aluf Benn, Ha’aretz’s editor-in-chief (Israeli newspaper)

Realitysux, I have to inform you that one of the biggest imbeciles in your "Cretin Crew" is Rick the prick. That maggot is vulnerable with every word he manages to type.I will make him squirm and take you down with his lies.

if israel gives up its nukes it will be annihilated by its blood thirsty arab/muslim neighbors who want israel off the map yesterday - REGARDLESS OF ITS BORDERS!thank you anti-zionist posters for proving my point!

Rick the prick, tell us how Nasser's bacon was saved by Kissinger in 1973 , that is three years after he died in 1970...Tell us , maggot !

So many religious comments each way on this subject. The thing is, it`s not as much about religion as it is about blackmailing the US taxpayers through our own corrupt government that does not represent it`s own people. We have given these parasitic people bribe money since the end of WW2 to not fight each other. If the money stopped, so would the problems, or at the very least, there would be a conclusion to all this BS.

You Americans might not of had a country if a American Jew named Hyam Solomon didn`t help George Washigton when Washingtons troops were about ready to quit.When you call yourself an Indian or a Muslim or a Christian or a European, or anything else, you are being violent.  Do you see why it is violent?  Because you are separating yourself from the rest of mankind.  When you separate yourself by belief, by nationality, by tradition, it breeds violence.  So a man who is seeking to understand  violence does not belong to any country, to any religion, to any political party or partial system; he is concerned with the total understanding of mankind.  ---J.  Krishnamurti

Actually I just read something reasonable posted by Realitysux, about Fisher.OK, it was a simple quote , but still .... pretty unusual .

...PEACE?...HA..HA..LOL...The Kikastinians will never have peace with the Palestinians or the iranians....as USrednecks we grow tired of watching these people fight....

It would be one thing if all Jews went to Israel, picked up a gun and fought for the land they believe is theirs. But Jews don't do that. Half of them hang out in the USA and Britain and France and subvert our political systems so we their fighting and dying for them. Time for Americans and other Westerners to wake up.

Israel (and the pre-state Zionists as well) does not want peace.  They want more land, to expand and settle as they have been doing for more than a century now.  The last thing ALL Zionist parties want is a Palestinian state.  Of course Israel and their sponsor the US continue to lie and offer other false fantasies.

James took some time off from riding his burro to Constantinople.Rick the Prick and James the mouk must have escaped from the same asylum .

How about one of you stinking jews tell me how Israel has EVER shown themselves to be a friend or ally of the American people.  Can ya?  Nah.

Netanyahu cannot be trusted, he is liar and war criminal.

It may be better to send Dennis Rodman.  Not sure which one embarrasses us more

Well I'm sure they're going to have mixed feelings when a warlord visits their country!Until Palestinians stop burning and desecrating ancient Jewish holy sites throughout Israel there can be no peace because Jews know that historically it is their country and they will defend it.

The Muslim countries don't want peace.  They want Israel to cease to exist.

Foster, you are right.  Our US congress is certainly "occupied" by the stinking jews.  Bribes, extortion, lies, distortions of facts, omissions of facts, propganda, ALL are the tools of the jew.  Have been for centuries.

FACT -- The “Jews” of America, Europe, and Israel are descendants not of Father Abraham but of King Bulan and the people of ancient Khazaria. Khazaria was an amalgam of Turkic clans who once lived in the Caucasus (Southern Russia) in the early centuries CE. These Turkic peoples were pagans who converted to Judaism in the eighth century. As converts, they called themselves “Jews,” but none of their blood comes from Israel.- - - -

Any of you jews care to say how Israel has EVER shown themselves to be a friend or ally of the American people? It is not possible.  Not without jewish lies and propaganda.  No way.

Pukeju, unlike yourself, I served this country.  You preffered to stay at home with your mommy and your rabbi and work at 7-11.

Pukeju, you need to prove how your Israel has EVER been our friend or ally. Obviously you are not an American. You are a stinking heeb, juboy.  LOL. See how easy you stinking heebs are? Its pathetic.

Israel is the single biggest welfare queen in world history.  FACT.

Since the end of the US military draft in this country in '72, the loneliest job in the US military is "rabbi".  FACT.

Israel won the '67 War...including and especially Jerusalem, Gaza and the West Bank....all belong to Israel now....like New Mexico, the Falklands, Martinique, etc..Realitysux, how's your "cretin crew" ?

Hey! Israeli unibomber dude..how are YOU? Done any false flag ops lately?

In case no one noticed, Israel has already sacrificed many valuable positions in the hope of peace.  They left Gaza, and in return, after destroying most of the infrastructure Israel left, Gaza was turned into a missile launching pad. They left Lebanon, having entered only because it was used as a base to send terrorist attackers, and in return, south Lebanon has become the home of Hezbollah, that has been used to launch many attacks on Israel's civilians.I disagree with Yahoo's choice of title.  This is not a mixed message.  In order to achieve peace, Israel would make sacrifices, as it has often, and is willing to talk.  Compromise by the Palestinians would ALSO be necessary.   However, the comment that anyone who expects peace is delusional is tragically realistic.  For there to be peace, there has to be an agreement to compromise that is permanent, a willingness by leadership to proclaim that we will get part of what we want but not all of it.  That has never come forth from Palestinian leadership, from Arafat on.One cannot make peace with people who are simply trying to get assets, be they land control, or weapons, in order to be better armed for the next war.   If anyone suggests that Israel does provides those assets, it is not in the name of peace, but only in the name of an underlying hatred that desires the destruction of Israel.  Appeasing and strengthening enemies committed to Israel's destruction only serves to prolong conflict.It has been said that if the Palestinians would put down their weapons there would be no war.  If Israel would put down their weapons there would be no Israel.Sad, but realistic.  One can only pray for a genuine Palestinian peace partner, willing to compromise,in the name of a Permanent Peace, who succeeds in  leading the Palestinians down that road.

only thing thats obstacle to piece is fact that they wont bend...! they'=jews

There is no need for Peace. It does not exist in any of the Middle East lands illegally occupied by Foreign Muslim Arabs from Mecca. Native Zionists are happy to be safe and economically prosperous in their 0.2% corner of the region.

You know who doesn't send mixed signals on peace? Hamas. They send rockets and missiles. And if they could get away with it,more suicide bombers.

If Netanatoo should even mention a word about new settlements Obama should cancel his trip .

You Americans would not of had a Atom bomb or a Nuetron Bomb without jews like Leo Szillard, Albert Einstein and Sam Cohen. Thank God for those Jews who helped make the USA great.

Until the Arab Muslims stop trying to steal what is historically ancient Jewish land there can be no peace. Muslims must stop teaching their children to hate and dominate all other nations as the Koran demands of them.

We palestinian Jews created Israel in 1948. Israel is the only success story in the entire region. Israel is 100 % legitimate.  Todays invented Arab palestinians and there love of hate and terrorism is illegitimate.RichardZag  •  3 mins ago"Search for "Wikispooks Israel 9/11"....."Propagandist Idiot !! Sept 11th, nineteen young Muslims commandeered passenger jets and killed themselves, taking with them 2973 lives.

These "Chosen Ones" infect everything they touch: Just one simple example, Peru extradites Israeli ex-judge wanted for briberyDan Cohen, a former judge and wanted fugitive, is on his way to Israel seven and a half years after he fled amid suspicions of accepting millions of dollars in bribes. ISRAEL is the gathering place of the ones totally DEVOID OF ANY HUMAN MORAL CONSCIENCE.

ISRAEL has 400+ ATOMIC BOMBS many of which are "NOW DIRECTED" toward IRAN and IRANIANS, while IRAN is the one in the receiving END of UNJUST SANCTIONS and threats while having ZERO bombs and is YET accused everyday of SOMETHING by many MANUFACTURED lies designed and FABRICATED by the UNHOLY and deeply CORRUPT CHOSEN ONES.

Iraq war brought Billions upon Billions upon Billions of dollars profits to the awfully corrupt and morally rotten "CHOSEN PEOPLE".

Lets return US borders to before the Mexican-American War.

They don't want Peace. They just want a piece of our tax dollars. Israel does nothing for America accept bog us down and mire us in debt. Time to cut them loose. To my fellow Jewish Americans, make up your mind...Israel or America. You can't be loyal to two countries...it just doesn't work that way.

Who are any of you to talk about this when you take the side of the terrorists, Israelite Zionists. All you hear and see comes from tv you have never seen anything with your own eyes.

Any chance we can convince Israel to keep this devil?

No way there can be peace when the Palestinian Hamas Covenant calls for holocaust and genocide of the Jewish nation.

I often ask israel's internet shills why they have to hide behind American and Palestinian IDs...I guess the answer is the motto of israel's intelligence arm Mossad.."by deception thou shall make war"..Hiding the truth and disguising their lies is a booming israeli industry...I often ask israel's internet shills why they have to hide behind American and Palestinian IDs...I guess the answer is the motto of israel's intelligence arm Mossad.."by deception thou shall make war"..Hiding the truth and disguising their lies is a booming israeli industry...

“…the prime minister and himself a West Bank settler, said anyone who thinks peace can be reached with the Palestinians is "delusional."……. I’m holding on to that laughter!!!

DNA took care of the question of Jewish ethnic viability.Jews are very mixed, that much is true but they all have the Jewish DNA in their system.And then, like any other group, they welcome the converts although they do not proselytize.

Syrians are bombing northern Lebanon.Brotherly love.

there are no question whether these zios posters are sick or notthat is a given and well known fact. but they are in denialthey are sick to the bonesis there any hope and cure for their sickness.?or are they hopelessly lost? :)they need a good exorcist to cure them and get the evil spirits out:)

"From kindergarten to old age we feed our children hatred, suspicion and disgust toward the stranger and the other, and especially toward the Arabs" - Sami Michael, who heads the Association for Civil Rights in Israel (from Israeli newspaper Haaretz, 6/26/12)

Every dollar invested into Israel bennefits the USA and all the democracies of the World.  We saw how well the Iron Dome worked protecting Israel. These technologies developed by Israel/ American cooperation  will play a great role in keeping the world safe from tyrants like N Korea.

Why does my president have to meet with the stinking jewish Godfather anyway? Is there some requirement?  Other than the need for that AIPAC#$%$ money that keep rolling in non-stop for both parties. I keep forgetting that the tools of the stinking jews are bribes, distortions, omissions of facts, propaganda are THE tools of the stinking, criminal heebs. Oh yeah.  I keep forgetting.

I vote for a historic compromise that will end up the conflict once and for all.

Iron Dome, an Israeli project partially funded by the US is the next generation anti missile defensive system for us and all our allies.FACTI'm Rachel Corrie. I'm an American girl intentionally run over and crushed to death by an Israeli bulldozer while defending a Palestinian family's home. Recently the soldier who murdered me was found innocent. Please don't forget me.

Terrorism was founded by zionists, the King David hotel was just one of many terrorists acts establishing this parasite nation built on terror.

NetanYahoo wants peace about as much as my cat wants someone to play with its rear legs. All lies and propaganda.

The smart thing to do would be to ship all the Ashkenazis out of the country, then form one state, "Palestine" where indigineous J00S and Arabs have already lived side by side in peace and harmony for centuries and can resume doing so.Poland or Africa?  The proposed destination for the unwanted troublemakers.-S/T

How can Israel even pretend to be peaceful when every day it speaks of war rhetoric. Our president hates dealing with these nutjob Israelis.

Some of these mohammedans do not say anything interesting even by mistake.

Jesus said to the jews:John 8:44 New International Version (NIV)44 "You belong to your father, the devil, and you want to carry out your father’s desires. He was a murderer from the beginning, not holding to the truth, for there is no truth in him. When he lies, he speaks his native language, for he is a liar and the father of lies."Yes, I know that chapter well. Jesus is speaking to the Pharisees, not all jews. Just the evil leaders &amp; rulers that were perverting God's laws.

"He listed a number of security threats to Israel, including Iran's suspect nuclear program, "-------The Iranian nuclear program, whether they intent to weaponize it or not, has NEVER harmed an American. Israel can't say the same for THEIR nuclear program. The people living in Apollo, Pennsylvania still have limbs that glow in the dark and are still suffering from radiation poisoning due to the covert program that Israel ran in 1950's and 1960's to steal weapons grade Uranium from the US via a front company called NUMEC. They used the Uranium to start their own nuclear program and left Apollo contaminated with radioactive waste. The Army Corps of Engineers is trying to quietly clean it up today and the cost is upwards of 175 million.

Let's do the math.  REALITY CHECK, the muslim troll, has been here for 10 minutes, during which 8 new visitors voted, but REALITY CHECK received 18 thumbs up.  That is least 18 accounts that REALITY CHECK has.  Yahoo, take note!!

Alas, Stanley Fisher the very competent Governor of Israel's Central Bank will step down in June. Israeli economy was very well served by his expertise and leadership.He will be missed.@realdog/ you must have met these people---you visit gaza and you would be lucky to get out alive---they don't just hate jews--they hate everyone. But they do have the best strawberrys on the planet

another anti semetic piece of BS by AP........garbage FROM THE PRESS AGENTS OF HAMAS

I'm Rachel Corrie. I'm an American girl intentionally run over and crushed to death by an Israeli bulldozer while defending a Palestinian family's home. Recently the soldier who murdered me was found innocent. Please don't forget me.

The King’s Torah (a 2009 work written by two of the leading "settlements" Rabbis): "Anywhere where the influence of gentiles constitutes a threat to the life of Israel, it is permissible to kill them," the rabbis wrote. (It) reads like a rabbinic instruction manual outlining acceptable scenarios for killing non-J-wish babies, children and adults. The prohibition 'Thou Shalt Not Murder' applies only "to a Jew who kills a Jew," write Rabbis Yitzhak Shapira and Yosef Elitzur of the West Bank settlement of Yitzhar. Non-J-ws are "uncompassionate by nature" and attacks on them "curb their evil inclination," while babies and children of Israel's enemies may be killed since "it is clear that they will grow to harm us."...(THAT'S who the zionist jews are.) From The King’s Torah (a contemporary work written by two of the leading "settlements" Rabbis)

Rick, I do not see any point in Obama meeting with Amahdinejad either, hopefully he will not.

isreal need to get rid of those muslimes

In memory of sweet rachel corrie: -  born in usa murdered for palestine.

FROM THE HEBREW T A L M U D: "If a Jew be called upon to explain any part of the rabbinic books, he ought to give only a false explanation. Who ever will violate this order shall be put to death." -Libbre David 37

I praise Secretary Clinton and President Obama for trying to make something out of a three billion dollar annual investment in Israel. Instead of letting Bibi and his crew drag us around like we are their *****. AIPAC has too much influence in this country and they prevent us from having a real debate on this issue. If BiBi wants to do whatever the hell he wants he should do it on his own dime.

jihadi muslims= biggest cowards on the face of this earth... pathetic ugly peopleIsrael and their jews have NEVER shown themselves to be our friend or ally.  The Levon Affair and the USS Liberty have long shown that.  Pollard only confirmed that fact.  FACT.

"Cam  •  5 mins ago Report Abusegoogle USS Liberty... "Did so, I got redirected to USS Cole.  What a world ?!?

is their a satanic group as ugly, thieving, stupid and worthless as a jihadi

My comments obviously get to your sick head.

I'm Rachel Corrie. I'm an American girl intentionally run over and crushed to death by an Israeli bulldozer while defending a Palestinian family's home. Recently the soldier who murdered me was found innocent. Please don't forget me.

Chabo, for the longest time, Realitysux was sporting the same avatar with a STOCK PHOTO in capitals, pasted all over it.This charlatan is the king of charlatans.

Jewish spies like Jonathan Pollard and Julius and Ethel Rosenberg have done more damaged to American national security than the Arabs could ever do.

(Israel's) "Likud (party)... to advance law of "Jewish state" - The law will state that the Jewish character of the state overpowers democratic values. The new Basic law makes Israel's democratic principles subservient to the country's Jewish character." From Haaretz (Israeli newspaper) Shocker huh

that does it ... no more support for israelthose jew glassholes in the photo think obama is hotshiite ... but they son't have to live under his tyrannical corruption and ineptness

America is too GOOD to sacrifice her sons, daughters, wealth, National security, and healthy relations with other humanities AROUND GLOBE for the most corrupt and terribly Immoral Israelis and her backers, all of whom have US/Israel citizenship with the full allegiance to the corrupt and rottenly immoral Israel.America is too GOOD to sacrifice her sons, daughters, wealth, National security, and healthy relations with other humanities AROUND GLOBE for the most corrupt and terribly Immoral Israelis and her backers, all of whom have US/Israel citizenship with the full allegiance to the corrupt and rottenly immoral Israel.

Israel has stolen land outside their borders.  BOTTOM line.  Give it back if you want peace. Until you give it back, get war and violence.  War and violence is the only thing a stinking jew understands.

Useful idiots in Israel too.  What does the picture have to do with the issues?

"pook"...israel's internet pesterer-in-chief...lol

A Jew may violate but not marry a non-Jewish girl.Gad. Shas. 2:2Do not save Goyim in danger of death.Show no mercy to the Goyim.Hilkkoth Akum X1

Why sanctions on Palestinians and Iran and NOT Israel? A wake-up call for Americans...*IRAN SANCTIONS ACT of 1996 Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish)*H.R. 938, The United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act: Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish)*S.Res. 185, Sponsor: Sen. Ben Cardin (Jewish) states that if the Palestinian Authority goes ahead with its plan to seek unilateral recognition as a state, the US would suspend its financial aid.*H.Res. 268, Sponsor: House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (Jewish) The resolution called upon the administration to announce that it would “veto any resolution on Palestinian statehood that comes before the United Nations Security Council.*H.Res. 4133, Sponsor: Eric Cantor (Jewish) United States-Israel Enhanced Security Cooperation Act of 2012*H.RES.568, Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish) preventing the Government of Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability.*H.R. 2194, Sponsor: Howard Berman (Jewish) Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010*H.R. 1905, Sponsor: Ileana Ross-Lehtinen (Jewish) Howard Berman (Jewish) will place virtually all of Iran’s energy, financial, and transportation sectors under U.S. sanction. Companies conducting business with Iran in these sectors face losing access to U.S. markets; impose sanctions designed to prevent Iran from repatriating any proceeds from its oil sales, thus depriving Iran of 80 percent of its hard currency earnings and half of the funds to support its national budget; impose tough new sanctions on the National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC), the National Iranian Tanker Company (NITC) and Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC); target Iran’s use of barter transactions to bypass sanctions, the provision of insurance to Iran’s energy sector, and the provision of specialized financial messaging services to the Central Bank of Iran.*James N. Miller(Jewish) Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Policy*Mara Rudman (Jewish) Foreign Policy Advisor*Eric Lynn (Jewish) Middle East Policy Advisor*Lee Feinstein (Jewish) Foreign Policy Advisor*Diane Feinstein (Jewish) Chairwoman Senate Select Committee on Intelligence*Michael Chertoff (Jewish) former Homeland Security chief*Daniel Benjamin (Jewish) head of the State Department’s Bureau of Counter-Terrorism*Stuart Levey (Jewish) Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence*David Cohen (Jewish) Secretary of the Treasury for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence*Steve Simon (Jewish) National Security Council Middle East Desk*Dan Shapiro (Jewish) former Head of Middle East Desk at the National Security Council now ambassador to Israel*Dennis Ross (Jewish) Special Advisor for the Gulf (Iran) and Southwest Asia to the Secretary of State*Robert Einhorn (Jewish) Special Advisor for Non-Proliferation and Arms Control*Colin Kahl(Jewish) Former Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for the Middle East (Current National Security Advisor)

There is one simple way to make peace.  Instead of stating that Israel is not serious about peace, the Palestinians should actually cease violence and negotiate.  Instead, the Arabs continue to avoid all negotiations, making excuses for not negotiating and continuing their violent ways.  If Israel is really not serious about peace, why don't the Palestinians call their bluff?  Could it be that the Palestinians are the ones who are not serious about living side by side in peace?  The evidence would suggest yes.

the neocons of israel are the puppet masters of america, they never have wanted peace, the muslims are the same way. this will only end when God finally says enough is enough.

The Khazar Judaists of Israel live in fear of retaliation for their murder, land stealing, and torture of others.  They will never live in peace and have been in perpetual war since their inception in 750AD.

How come there was no peace before 1967?  There was no West Bank or Gaza.  They were in Jordan and Egypt.Truth means Lie too in Arabic

Stinking RickJihadi

A top official told Yedioth's (Israeli newspaper) Itamar Eichner that Netanyahu is leading Israel to disaster. "Benjamin Netanyahu wants to go down in history with only one thing - Iran...The prime minister discounts the entire world. He is not interested in the Palestinians, but this will all blow up in our faces. The Netanyahu government is leading Israel towards a disaster," said the official, who asked to remain anonymous. The senior official said peace negotiations are not likely to resume after the elections due to the conditions set by the prime minister.

I hope they do not expect anything from Obama but free money, he can not help his own country.

the problem is israel DOESN'T really want peace. they are the biggest threat to WORLD peace

Li'l Pooky's late to the table today.I guess the bag balm takes time to work on a heavily reamed orifice.LoL.-S/T

Alas, Stanley Fisher the very competent Governor of Israel's Central Bank will step down in June. Israeli economy was very well served by his expertise and leadership.He will be missed.

What does one do when the other won't negotiate in good faith and instead cries victim and prefers just to sit at the table and accomplish nothing but status quo?.-S/T

There are 10 to the 200 power possible genetic variations in the human species.  All people are a product of genetics and environment.  Event if present day jews were genetically related to Jews of Abraham. It would be mathematically impossible to have a genetic code close to that of Abraham.  Environment changes between bronze age and today render it completely impossible for anyone today  to have thinking like that of bronze age man.  The concept of any people from the bronze age being the chosen of god is not possible because the character of every human being on earth has changed.

PeaceBust is just another shill for his Israel.Avigdor Lieberman is linked to the terrorist group Kach and Kahane Chai, the same terrorist group who committed the Cave of the Patriarchs massacre, the same group who celebrate the person who committed the Massacres birthday and make pilgrimages to his gravesite and place flowers on his grave and worship him as a hero.Yeah a real good Jewish person you got there Israel. I might add he is being investigated for fraud and money laundering. NO FREAKING WAY. Ooh and he holds power in the Israel govt., yep I am sure that Israel wants peace now.HORSECRAP!!!!!!!!

"Obama has been careful to lower expectations for the 48-hour visit"why would anybody have any expectation about this expedition?i'd rather he have as little involvement in israel/palestine. it's of no importance to America whatever the eventual outcome is. we should become neutral and uninvolved.

Rude,Just because you and few other nutjobs can make up a story trying to negate proven history, does not make it remotely true.  Part of the reason there is no peace is because the Arabs spend so much time trying to deny the proven link between Israel and the Jews who live there, rather than trying to make peace.  The Palestinians never owned the land, yet Israel is willing to make a compromise with them.  The Palestinians should certainly be willing to do the same with the Jews, who actually have a real historical and present connection to the land, yet the Arabs insist on creating legends and employing violence instead.  What a shame.

When a Jew has a Gentile in his clutches, another Jew may go to the sameGentile, lend him money and in turn deceive him, so that the Gentile shallbe ruined. For the property of a Gentile, according to our law, belongs tono one, and the first Jew that passes has full right to seize it.Schulchan Aruch, Choszen Hamiszpat 156

I heard on a newscast that Obama is only going to be there 48 hours.A lot of hoopla for just a toilet stop..-S/T

Bibi has a new set of kneepads for his meeting with President Obama.

Israel is the staunchest and best ally we have in the Middle East, the most volatile area in the world.We use their tech, weapons and intel. FACT

There has never been a nation called "Palestine". It is Arab Muslim propaganda that even most Muslims know is a lie. If there was a "Palestine" what was it's Capital? Who was it's King? Jerusalem is the Capital of the Jewish nation and no other nation.

Search-- Project Pinto NetanyahuNetanyahu gets standing Ovations from our U.S. Congress when he is a traitor and has commited espionage against the U.S..He should be imprisoned next to Israeli Hero Johnathan Pollard for stealing nuclear technology.Then We should imprison all Politicians and Officials who allowed this betrayal and are still funding a nation with a War Criminal and a TRAITOR of the U.S. in its Government.These are grounds for WAR...........

Stollen land  ?       Really     ? ?      shows what you know   !        75% of Israeli   land was stolen from her and given to Hashamite family that came from Saudi Arabia   to     create   "Jorden "       They have no connection to this land  what so ever  and holds  4 time land the size of Israel .What left was divided again by half , in a UN resolution  backed again by  GB   and majority  of  dictatorial   28 Muslim stats   . .Then the whole " Muslim "  world  in 1948   started a war against   the    renew born   Jewish state   .       and lost    .   keeping that conflict   till this very day   .What knid of  Goggles   you need  to see who is  the thief  here  , ! ???The Truth   is  known !   but hidden   as long as the middle east will supply   oil to the rest of the world   .    Only then we will have peace   .    .Obama is going to shows up for a meeting now he  is on his  peace talks it will war next week ,what a show.

F the Palestinians who claim they want peace yet are sending their kids to the roads to throw rocks at civilians.

Romans 2:28-29, "For he is not a Jew, which is one outwardly; neither is that circumcision, which is outward in the flesh: But he is a Jew, which is one inwardly; and circumcision is that of the heart, in the spirit, and not in the letter; whose praise is not of men, but of God."

it is very simple tell the Palestin to stop firing missiles at Isreal

I wonder if ol' J00 Judge would volunteer to be a "rotating negotiator" for the ZioNazis?I figure they'll need about 2500 extra babblemouths in their proposed 5 yr term of "endless negotiations".  About 2 or 3 days per negotiator should do the trick.Whataya say, Judge?  You'd only have to work that long..-S/T

It's obvious that any Christian that doesn't hold the Jews up on pedestals is a criminal. Don't even mention the slaughters of Christians by Jews........ Wow then you're in real trouble....Jews slaughtered Christians in Palestine at the birth of Christianity and for quite a while.Their official disposition on Christians is still the same..... All gentiles deserve death if they do not serve the Jews..

I Love The Palestinians ,They are God's PeopleThey are facing enemies from the Underworld ,The beasts and the HadesThe Vampires and werewolves ..May God Almighty Protect The Palestinians From These Heathens and beastsSalute PalestiniaVIVA PALESTINIA

Pal is cloning my ID for condemning the murder of Rachel Corrie on her 10 y anniversary. He and his hateful friend have been calling her names and justifying her killing by the Nazi state

Israel has occupied Palestine illegally with majority of the World calling it outright genocide. It only has one ally (the U.S) and it has hijacked congress with zionist and profit seeking senators that are too chicken #$%$ to do anything. Why do you think every election, The U.S president has to assure Israel that it supports it. Think about it.

"On one hand, Netanyahu has appointed Tzipi Livni, a dovish former foreign minister who has good ties with the Palestinians, to be his chief negotiator. "-----"Dovish"??? The daughter of two Irgun Terrorists is a "dove"???!!! This is the Twilight Zone.- When Prime Minister Netanyahu says, “God gave this land to our Israelite forefathers,” he is absolutely wrong. There are no Israelite forefathers of today’s “Jews.” When today’s “Jews” say they should possess the land because they are Israelites and are the seed of Abraham, they are mistaken.The “Jews” are in Israel for one reason and one reason only: Because the United States, in 1948, recognized the nation of “Israel” and has since funded and protected it. God’s Word has nothing to do with it.FACT

if the zio lunatics thinks that by building more settlements and planting one million or even 10 millions settlers will make it right.they are mistakenGod almighty has always been JustGod almighty will show them His Mightthere 15 minutes of fame is almost Upthe world is waking up to the lies and deceptionsDecent nations will not tolerate oppressions and ethnic cleansing even on slow motion.Have they forgotten already what the free decent world has done to save them from the Nzi Tyranny ,just last century or are they suffering  from amnesia too.

Israelis hate Obama because he unlike Bush did not give them access to U.S. lives &amp; money

unless  one  is  a  complete  moron,  you  never  believe  anything  coming  out  of  israel...

Do ONE thing today for Palestine. A letter, a conversation, research..... Palestine should be on the conscience of everyone who believes in justice. LONG LIVE PALESTINE!

The USA`s one dollar bill has the star of David on it. George washington was gratefull to Jews like Hyam Solomon who helped him in his struggle against the Brittish. The USA`s great seal has the star of David placed above the Eagle. Notice the 13 Stars and how they placed in the formation of a Star of David.

Contrary to the disinformation spewed by israel's internet PR team..ALL of the Arab parties have agreed to recognize israel and have offered peace in exchange for israel returning the land it stole..and dismantling the ILLEGALLY occupied territories. Arafat..the PLO..the Arab League...even Hamas have all made this offer. israel has refused it....

RIP Rachel, Jesus Christ loves you beautiful soul and He will punish those responsible for your brutal murder.  RIP beautiful and God Bless you and your family.Love from all good heated Christians, Muslims, and Atheists

Pukeju, so why don't you live in Israel? Don't you love your Israel? Obviously you don't like America other than that Big American Tit you and your jews suck on.

"Israel is no longer a democracy, but rather a parody of a democracy."-Uri Misgav (Israeli journalist)Israel has refused to extradite Solomom Morel a war criminal accused of murdering over 1500 Germans in a concentration camp in 1945 AFTER ww2 finished. The Israeli Government has said that Mr Morel will not be sent back to stand trial in Poland under any circumstances.They refused a Polish request for the extradition of Solomon Morel, 87, alleged to have committed crimes against humanity as the head of a labour camp holding ethnic Germans in Poland's southern Silesian region immediately after World War II, Poland's Rzeczpospolita daily reported Wednesday. Stalin ordered Germans to be held in concentration cams and put Jews in charge.

Jewish "terrorism" was acceptable as a tactic to drive out the British and the Palestinian Arabs when Jews invaded Palestine in the 1940s: "Neither Jewish ethics nor Jewish tradition can disqualify terrorism as a means of combat. We are very far from having any moral qualms as far as our national war goes." From a 1940s article titled "Terror" by Yitzak Shamir in the Jewish terrorist paper "The Front" (Summer 1943) Yes..the same Yitzak Shamir mentioned in the post below..

"The new Basic law makes Israel's democratic principles subservient to the country's Jewish character"...Hey puke...what do you have to say about the only democrazy in the ME now?

Israel does not want peace. Period

Chabo, for the longest time, Realitysux was sporting the same avatar with a STOCK PHOTO in capitals, pasted all over it.This charlatan is the king of charlatans.

hasbara trolls in full force. Most ant U.S. comments on these yahoo boards are by Israeli call centers

I read the first 3 lines only.Israel has absolutely NO intention of ever having peace with Palestine, they will not stop murdering them until every last Palestinian is dead.Think of Obama's visit only as a chance to get more America's tax dollars or welfareThey get billions for their needs but Americans who need to stop foreclosures will get zip.

FOI yet Allah is not a jihadi

Allah hates jihadis, he hates people that steal, lie, murder and are ugly

If Israel's real concern was adequate housing for their citizens, why would they not build high rise apartment complexes instead of single-family dwellings?If Israel's real concern was adequate housing for their citizens, why would they not build high rise apartment complexes instead of single-family dwellings?

Muhammad

Break Time!!So, Pook walks into a bar carrying his pet monkey (insert zionist troll name), puts the monkey on the bar and says to the bartender, "Give me a couple of empty beer cans, and give the monkey a bag of nuts."The bartender is puzzled, but repeats Pook's request, "Two empty beer cans, and a bag of nuts for the monkey."Pook gets in the bartender's face and says, "You're a LIAR.  Prove to me that I ever said that, you LIAR. You can't."By this time the bartender has had enough, and says, "You can't bring that animal in here."Pook shouts at the bartender saying, "FEUK you, you BIGOT! You're a MOUK LIAR."The Bartender says, I wasn't talking to you, goatboy, I was talking to the monkey."- - - -

The combined territories of Arab countries is 650 fold greater than Israel… Their population is 50 fold greater than Israel. The average per capita GDP in Arab countries is $3,700 versus $18,000 for Israel. This despite the fact that many Arab countries have world's richest oil resources.

Guess who said: More rockets were fired into Israel today. Israel responded by bombing more targets inside Lebanon. Now there's talk the U.S. might send some troops over there to help with border security. That's when you know the people over there are in trouble, when they start asking our advice on border security.

3. Yebamoth 60b: R. Simeon b. Yohai stated: A proselyte who is under the age of three years and one day is permitted to marry a priest,13 for it is said, But all the women children that have not known man by lying with him, keep alive for yourselves, and Phinehas surely was with them. And the Rabbis?Babylonian Talm&amp;d: Yebamoth 60

Any of you stinking jews  care to admit that Israel leveled/removed assorted arab/palest villages at any time?  Or did they all just "disappear"?

J00S are now so desperate they have to copy others' ID's to disrupt the flow of information.They're waisting their time.It's actually good for the Palestinian side as most readers can see just how low the J00 will stoop in order to make problems..So, Shekel says:  "Keep it up, it saves us all work"..-S/T

hey says peace, the government says their delusional? untrustworthy!

Numbers 21:27-35 God abetted Moses in utterly destroying the Amorites at Heshbon - “…the men, the women, and the little ones.”Numbers 31:17-18 God commands Moses to kill all the Medianite people including children and women.  To top it off he commands that the virgins be saved for later raping by Moses’ soldiers.how many zio posters are hereraise your rear ends

Time for my government to ween the Jewish zealots expansionist and provocateurs off America's utters !!  And let them fools zealots and war profiteers fend for themselves !!

Israel's peace consists of Israel owning every governmental establishment in the world. So far  America is the main host to this parasite.

Gotta take a break guys...

Qur’an (8:12)  Try a different one joker there is nothing like in the quran we don't use number like these. we have shura and averse.

Poor little Israel. This obnoxious little mental state of 6 million hypocrites has started 5 wars in its 67 year history. Multiple sneak attacks and invasions of its Arab neighbors, multiple a*s*sa*s*sinations of European diplomats, Palestinian political leaders and Iranian civilian scientists. That's what the J3w owned "News" media will never tell you..

Palestinatas do not want peace.  They have stted over and over again that they intend to destroy Israel.  So, there is no hope and no point is further discussions with the terrorist muslim wanna-be state.

Pal...stop pretending to be a Muslim. It's not working bro! Use your real name...Mordechai.

Oil &amp; Water don't mix, there will never be peace in the Middle East.

Let me get this straight......Israel, a country with HUNDREDS of nuclear weapons and the third largest Air Force on earth feels "threatened" if Iran gets a nuke???? Go eat a dck. We Americans have given enough of our taxes to support your thieving welfare state and we've given enough American lives for your Neocon machinations in Iraq. This time go fight your own wars.It looks like the HASBARA machine is out in force again. I wonder how many are IDF sponsored.

Of course, world leaders are getting involved in the crisis right now. Earlier today Germany's chancellor called for the attacks on Israel to stop. After hearing about it, a spokesperson for Israel said, 'You know things are bad when Germany's got your back'. --Conan O'Brien

Orthodox Jews= biggest cowards on the face of this earth... pathetic ugly people

God is a superstition.

With us giving 3 billion in aid to ISrael, you would think it would do what we ask it to do . But no. It is a shameful ally that bites the hand that feeds it.

It looks like the Zionist Propaganda machine is out in force again. I wonder how many are Israel sponsored.

What happen if someine  throw the Torah in toilet.

....untrue

Madoff

Madoffwhy are most crimes done by jews

Israel has been kicking arab hamass for 65 years.....Took back Jerusalem....took back Judea..muslim world in turmoil.....The God of Israel is slapping moongod around at will.

More PROPAGANDA... Same old same old going on for generations... WAKE UP!Ever hear of the Boy Who Cried Wolf?

we have no use for those thieving criminal Zionists and no more aid and watch that s hole eat itself. Israel will die without our aid

That the Jewish nation is the only nation selected by God, while all theremaining ones are contemptible and hateful.That all property of other nations belongs to the Jewish nation, whichconsequently is entitled to seize upon it without any scruples. An orthodoxJew is not bound to observe principles of morality towards people of othertribes. He may act contrary to morality, if profitable to himself or to Jewsin general.A Jew may rob a Goy, he may cheat him over a bill, which should not beperceived by him, otherwise the name of God would become dishonoured.Schulchan Aruch, Choszen Hamiszpat, 348

Stinking jews they kill and want us to fight for them.

No confidence in Netanyahu - the responsible adult of the Israeli economy quit -  Bank of Israel Governor Stanley  Fischer, a man of peace, was disappointed in Netanyahu on the diplomatic level. He was seriously concerned by Israel's falling international status and the missed opportunity to make a peace agreement with the Palestinians. -Yedioth Ahranoth (Israeli newspaper)

Ishy clone is a Stinking jew

Intel provided by Israel helps us kill more mohammedan thugs a lot more efficiently.FACT

Jews:1. kill children2. rape very girls3. destroy population centers4. hide behind Holocaust5. fire rockets from F15/16 into population centers6. exaggerate civilian deaths.7. whine &amp; cry like girlies when they get few fire crackers from HamasJews:1. kill children2. rape very girls3. destroy population centers4. hide behind Holocaust5. fire rockets from F15/16 into population centers6. exaggerate civilian deaths.7. whine &amp; cry like girlies when they get few fire crackers from Hamas

Previous poster: "if israel gives up its nukes it will be annihilated by its blood thirsty arab/muslim neighbors who want israel off the map yesterday - REGARDLESS OF ITS BORDERS!"------------WRONG. ISRAEL is the one with the "Sampson Option" regarding it's nukes...meaning if they ever feel that they're going down, they intend to take the entire world with them.

I have already started calling the White House and my members of Congress to keep that fat Khazar Jonathan Pollard in prison for the rest of this life. The Jews are planning a big push to parole him. The Israel Knesset has awarded Pollard $1 Million Dollars and citizenship for his spying on the USA.

US drones use Israeli avionics to kill thousands of mohammedan jihadis all over the Middle East saving the lives of our soldiers.FACT

jews are the bottom of the barrel.

Arabs get off of Israel's land.

i am jewish and this will not end well for israe (in the long run)l and the palestinians until israel makes a good faith effort for peace and returns the land. Nitwityahoo will be the death of israel please open your eyes brothers.

The US government want's Isreal to give up land to the people who wish to destory them and Isreal has made many sacrifices only to be demanded more of itself for the sake of her enamies in the hope's of peace. Could the US government give back what it stole from the Native American's if it were demaned of them under the same circum stances?

FROM THE HEBREW T A L M U D: "If a Jew be called upon to explain any part of the rabbinic books, he ought to give only a false explanation. Who ever will violate this order shall be put to death." -Libbre David 37

The real Everymans and Pals post reminds me of that Jamilla Jarret or whatever her name was.  They should check out what happened to her.Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in a speech to parliament that his hand is outstretched in peace and that he is ready for a "historic compromise,"       WHAT A BUNCH OF CROC. This guy never wants peace ! All Theatrics!

They spelled hopeless wrong on that cake.

Factually Speaking . . .- Science proves those who call themselves “Jews” are not Jews! DNA Science has confounded the Christian evangelicals by proving conclusively that most of the people in the nation of Israel and in World Jewry are not the descendants of Abraham.Those living today who profess to be “Jews” are not of the ancient Israelites, and they are not the seed of Abraham. In fact, the new DNA research shows that the Palestinians actually have more Israelite blood than do the “Jews!”FACT

POB = Pook

Sounds like a NEW brand of VASELINE.

The superior intellect of THE JEWS...Steal a real American's ID..hide behind itand post nonsense..LMAO...

I don't know if those people are really ready to commit or just playing around hoping a better deal comes along.

Israeli Hasbarats are known by the language they use: depraved se-xual insults, bile, bigotry, threats, disinformation &amp; character assasination Already, the once-dreaded epithet “anti-Semite” has lost all significance, as if it ever had any, &amp; the person who hurled it is more likely to be mocked than feared.

Sorry, Yahoo, but Obama has given clear signals for four years of what he thinks of Israel. You do not believe that the American people are going to believe that he could change and get Israel and Palestine together - just because he decided to visit them? No, it is more likely he has some under the carpet deal with Palestine and endeavoring to make Israel follow thru. Beware, Israel, of Trojan horses!

Why are almost every terrorist worldwide a muslim?  This is not an anti muslim comment, but a legitimate question?The difference between peace and war is the difference between Allah-u-Abha and Allah-u-Akbar.  One is a sign of peace and the other, the sign or war,  The choice is with people in their communications with each other.  Now what side do you want to be on?  War or Peace.  Try it and see it works.

What historic claim do the Palestinians have to this land?    Israel can point to 4,000 years of history.  Let the World prove it is not Israels land.

The IDF should put their foot down. It's high time we expel all the dirty Muslims out of our land once and for all. Retake the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, push the heathen pigs into the sea and drown them.Then we can demolish the Dome of the Rock, and have our Mossad take out Ahmadinejad and Khomeini once and for all. You weak Americans will regret that you chose a Muslim kaffir to be your president.

palestinian - peace - hahahahaha!

US Israeli millitary cooperation keeps both countries strong and safe. Israel is a world leader in drone and missile defense technology.

Please you are just going to go back to killing innocent Palestinians and invade other countries and make an excuse for it. America has been doing it for years.

Rick the prick has tons of questions for which he has no answers.That does not surprise me, and neither his imbecilic drivel.

What kind of goodwill gesture are the Foreign Fukestinian Arab invaders from Mecca willing to make?

Work a deal that makes them reasonably happy but include the first missile into Israel warrants a full out response and the borders go back to where they were. And all neighboring countries and there allies must sign off on it.

Obama lies like a dirty rug.Obama lies like a dirty rug.

Search-- Project Pinto NetanyahuNetanyahu gets standing Ovations from our U.S. Congress when he is a traitor and has commited espionage against the U.S..He should be imprisoned next to Israeli Hero Johnathan Pollard for stealing nuclear technology.Then We should imprison all Politicians and Officials who allowed this betrayal and are still funding a nation with a War Criminal and a TRAITOR of the U.S. in its Government.These are grounds for WAR...........

There is only one aggressor in the 'conflict' between Israel/Palestine. By definition any action Palestine takes against israel is defensive. Every village, town &amp; home in israel was once Palestinian land. No agreement was reached with the people of Palestine that israel should be created on their land.When a Palestinian protests against the israeli armed forces she is called a terrorist. When the IOF uses a child as a human shield it is called 'justified defence' LONG LIVE PALESTINE!

If these clowns(IsraHELL) really wanted peace don't YA think that anytime in the last 60 years it could of been achieved? THEY DON'T WANT PEACE AND THEY NEVER HAVE...They want all the Palestinians land by ethnic cleansing or displacement. What part of that doesn't anyone UNDERSTAND? When will the HOLOCAUST end?

"Israeli government sends mixed signals on peace"Get Out!! . . . . is this headline true?heh heh . . .

ISRAEL....PEACE......THAT'S A CONUNDRUM

Israelians are not buying what Bibi/BO is selling.

palestinens are a people with out a country... living in a foreign land ...a little people looking for a hand out from the very people that they attacked in 1967  after ISRAEL sent them crying like a little girl back to the countrys that detest them... a bunch of sand fleas firing rockets and mortor bombs at farmers and school buses.... these arabs are followers of mohammad a thief and a murder himself and they say that they emulate him in all things .....ISRAEL has watched the hate coming form this bunch of arabs .... egypt dosent want them... syria dosent want them  jordon dosent want them..... and all have seen that palestinens can never live in peace along side anyone ....palestinens ....ATTACK  ISRAEL AGINE AND YOU WILL ONLY BE A MEMORY........SO PISSOFF OR DIE LITTLE FLEA.

Hitler's Jewish SoldiersThe Untold Story of Nazi Racial Laws and Men of Jewish Descent in the German MilitaryBryan Mark Rigg

The Muslims have only one plan in mind: Murder every Jew on earth and conquer the world. They will most certainly murder every atheist at first opportunity.Why can't we just depose the prime minister and get someone more moderate in Israel? That would solve so many headaches.

Arab Muslims were killing Jews long before the modern state of Israel was created on ancient Jewish land in 1948. For example, in 1929 Arab Muslims destroyed and ethnically cleansed the ancient Jewish population of Hebron. The lib media like Reuters, AP, CNN Agence France Presse, etc. do not want you to know about this. Muslims are inherently ant-semitic because of their culture but it is "politically incorrect" to say so.

WARS have been fattening up the pockets of Oil Sheikh Islamelis (morally unconscience lobbyists) and the Islameli backers (in US and Europe) at the expense of millions lives, trillions rubbed, million Homes destroyed, for few to have too many zeros to their bank accounts. Islameli backers are those self-claimed... Less

To all you Israel supporters who blame the Muslims, consider the Muslims may know something you don't about the Jews. For instance -- for hundreds of years the Khazar Zionists in Europe have been chanting, ERETZ ISRAEL! FROM THE NILE TO THE EUPHRATES!  That means greater Isreal, from the Nile in Egypt to the Euphrates in Iraq. AND Israel has never declared its borders and refuses to. AND Israel keeps building settlements in Palestinian territory.

zionist trolls are so easy, I think I'll put my computer on "auto comment".

Bubba

Hey Pook, have you heard any good jokes lately?

u cant trust a mooslem ,,,,,bobobozo knows this

Israel's hand is always stretched out in peace.  It is part of its Jewish character.  Unfortunately, Pale-terrorists are only interested in the destruction of Israel.  By the way, "settlers" are wonderful Jewish citizens, many of whom are also Americans.  They are good people, and smart.  They have a right to live anywhere in the world - including the Biblical Land of Israel, and especially Judea and Samaria.  In contrast, there has never been an arab/muslim 'palestinian' country in that region.  For those who dispute this, I suggest you read some history books before you respond.

A slice of that cake would make you puke.WHAT!!! JUST MORE JEW NEWS LIE????

Watch when the palestinians take east Jerusalem , you will have a short time till WW3 .

Even in Israel he is treated like a king...

lmao!..if i was bebe..i would hand him a bag of stinkin dog #$%$ n send his communist #$%$ back the way he came in..stupid libtard!

Let the world prove that it is not Israeli land. Let them prove it has not been given to their descendants from Abraham. They have held the title for thousands of years.  It has changed hands many times, Egyptian, Muslim, Roman, British, Persians.  But History and Truth is on the side of the Jew even if the world stands against them.

"mixed signals "   really..and thats a new thing?

Surprise

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in a speech to parliament that his hand is outstretched in peace and that he is ready for a "historic compromise," but one of his closest allies called hopes for peace "delusional."  TRANSLATION:  Bibi is getting ready to announce more settlement expansion.....

"A good step but we need to see a practical event" .

Making peace with the Pal. is just playing Russian Roulette!  They can never be trusted to keep it.there has ALWAYS been a remnant of jews in Israel---the bible said it would be and history of other cultures verify that

Hope? Nope.

Real News . . .- Obama’s response to Prime Minister Netanyahu’s confirmation that he had been able to cobble together a new coalition government just in time for the president’s arrival was, “I look forward to working with it.”Unless that was an expression of diplomatic necessity and represents the opposite of what he is really thinking and feeling as he packs his bags for the trip, it can only mean Obama that has already decided that he’s not going to confront a Netanyahu-led Israeli government and its lobby in America in order to kick start a real peace process.Israel now has its most pro-settler and pro-settlement government ever. As Aluf Benn, Ha’aretz’s editor-in-chief, put it:“The third Netanyahu government has one clear goal: enlarging the settlements and achieving the vision of ‘a million Jews living in Judea and Samaria.’ This magic number will thwart the division of the land and prevent once and for all the establishment of a Palestinian state.”- - -

I think that many in our Congress should request a salary from Israel because I really don't think they know which country's interests to protect. "Similarly, by helping keep Israel strong, the United States has helped to reduce threats to Israel’s security and advance the peace which successive Israeli governments have so avidly sought." Bull! How have they sought it, by continuing to built houses for new settlers on Palestinian lands and taring down their farm and olive trees? Defund Israel then peace can begin.

With Netanyahu in charge there is no chance for peace. Zero chance.

Obama's going to kiss some Zionist #$%$ and get his instructions...

Israel is fooling Obama and he knows it.

Rick the prick, you are a shameless and ignorant LIAR.You proved it right here on Yahoo.

Rick the prick, tell us how Arafat never stole anything from the Arabs!

Rick the Prick, can you count from 1970 till 1973 ?Try it, yo might succeed and find out by how many years your lie was off.LYING MAGGOT.Surprise! ... backed by AIPAC. Shame on all the corrupt people who sold their souls to Israeli lobbies. Such as a waste of money.

Less noticed in the world of political media and Op-Ed topics is the two year anniversary of the NATO bombing of Libya, which passed yesterday. The Obama administration and their European counterparts started that war on the basis of dubious humanitarian rationales, claiming former strongman Gadhafi was poised to slaughter unarmed Libyans wholesale. They then used a rather limited United Nations Security Council Resolution for a no-fly zone, circumventing Congress and in violation of the War Powers Resolution, as a springboard to impose regime change on a dispensable dictator who had been Washington’s ally months earlier, but who quickly turned into the embodiment of pure evil once war was decided upon. Really, this was just another example of the US interfering in a civil war for the sake of its own perceived geo-political interests. Libya’s armed rebels were fast heralded as freedom fighters by war advocates, despite the fact that many of them committed horrendous crimes in the course of the war and significant portions of them had ties to al-Qaeda-linked Islamist militants.The DEEPLY CORRUPT &amp; terribly IMMORAL CHOSEN PEOPLE are making enormous amount money from all the wars and sufferings in the world.

Just a reminder to any innocent Americans who fall into the zionist snakepit otherwise known as Yahoo News...Always read the comments the israeli trolls like "bo'i" thumb down and hide from you if you wanna know the truth...Hiding the truth and disguising their lies is a booming israeli industry...

Asala Nasri  Aktar

5. Sanhedrin 55b: A maiden aged three years and a day may be acquired in marriage by coition, and if her deceased husband's brother cohabits with her, she becomes his.

There is nothing that the mohammedans demand that will come true if the Israelis disagree.The mohammedans have nothing . Israelis hold all the cards backed up by brawn.

Israel does not want peace, and consequently, neither does Ishmael..

Israeli government sends mixed signals on peace OR is it really just mixed signals on layers of lies.

Is this news???? It sounds like more radical leftist atheist garbage from Associated Press. FYI= The Associated Press is run by Al-Queida sympathizers.

First the Palestinians need to have peace within themselves, they already fored a rocket into Israel and nothing happened what if Israel did this.. the world #$%$ in thier pants and start #$%$ with israel, they continually riot and thier childern throw racks at jewish pll in thier cars and have injured small childern. I dont trust them the u.s. president or the u.n. (united for nothing) The G-D of Israel ie a strong G-D and satan knows it and to wipe ut the jews is his plan why not use man ignorance to try and wipe them out. There are christian who believe the same and yet they dont realize the bible they read is jewish in all sense, G-D never turned HIS back on the jews if HE did then this G-D is a liar. The jews are still HIS chosen and always will be. Be safe Israel as G-D is watching your back.It is Israel's promised land and any who try to fight and take it away will incure the wrath of God as it is written in the Bible.

The only hand out will be of the BEGGERS in Israel ,looking for handouts of our hard earned money.STOP ALL MONEY TO ISRAEL. Let the cursed society die.

Maybe America will get lucky and he'll get wacked while hes over there.

Love my President, You all can't even brake him,  you bunch of morons.

“Gentile souls are of a completely different and inferior order. They are totally evil, with no redeeming qualities whatsoever.” …If every simple cell in a Jewish body entails divinity, is a part of God, then every strand of DNA is a part of God. Therefore, something is special about Jewish DNA..." -This Statement was made by a leading Chabad Lubavitch Rabbi named Yitshak Ginsburgh and it can be found in the April 26, 1996 Jewish Week

peaceBRING a picture of CIVIL,,,what would yea bring unto Table of knowledge ?

Colonies,  not settlements , please be accurate

Only teabaggers bend over to J E E E WBAGGS!! Fight your own war with Iran by yourself!❤OBAMA❤AMERICA FIRST!

In 2012 a John Hopkins University study confirms European Jews derive mainly from Khazars, a Turko-Slavic nation of pagans who originated in the Caucasus of Russia and converted to Judaism en masse in the Eighth Century CE. This means Israel is a fraud. There was no Jewish diaspora out of Judea/Palestine. Judaism spread through conversion, not scattering and is a religion, not a people.

"pook's" primary function apart from fear, hate and war mongering for israel is to just keep taaaaaalking" - an endless stream of snide remarks that serve to bump comments critical of israel off the page. On one story 2 weeks ago of 819 comments. 398 belonged to "pook".Only teabaggers bend over to J E E E WBAGGS!! Fight your own war with Iran by yourself!❤OBAMA❤AMERICA FIRST!

In 2012 a John Hopkins University study confirms European Jews derive mainly from Khazars, a Turko-Slavic nation of pagans who originated in the Caucasus of Russia and converted to Judaism en masse in the Eighth Century CE. This means Israel is a fraud. There was no Jewish diaspora out of Judea/Palestine. Judaism spread through conversion, not scattering and is a religion, not a people.

"pook's" primary function apart from fear, hate and war mongering for israel is to just keep taaaaaalking" - an endless stream of snide remarks that serve to bump comments critical of israel off the page. On one story 2 weeks ago of 819 comments. 398 belonged to "pook".

"pook"...israel's internet Pesterer-In-Chief is just doing israel's shape shifting and misdirection dirty work..Look over there...not over here"...Houdini would be proud!

Myself...I had to take a look at Janelle Issis..WOW!!!

“Qur’an… an accursed book… So long as there is this book there will be no peace in the world.” Will Gladstone - Prime Minister of Great Britian

hopefully iran is using the same israeli peace strategy, just stalling for time and building building building their n program

(Israel's) "Likud (party)... to advance law of "Jewish state" - The law will state that the Jewish character of the state overpowers democratic values. The new Basic law makes Israel's democratic principles subservient to the country's Jewish character." From Haaretz (Israeli newspaper) Shocker huh?

Spamming the thread with insults and inane comments is an israeli internet troll's strategy of bumping comments critical of israel..zionism or jews off the page. They work this k*rap 24 hours a day on Yahoo...Right "pook"?

''God ,make me an instrument of your Peace ,Where there is hatred, Let me sow Love.Where there is injury , Let there be pardon.Where there is doubt , Let there be faith.Where there is despair , let there be Hope.Where there is darkness ,let there be Light.Where there is sadness ,Let there be Joy"AmenThe overarching strategy of israel's internet shills is to set up a straw man...demonize all Muslims..in all contexts..in all media venues..at all times. It keeps the billions flowing to israel. And to create sympathy for themselves as victims of "anti-semites". And with the Jew's control of all media...it's incredibly easy for them to do.

The overarching strategy of israel's internet shills is to set up the straw man...demonize all Muslims..in all contexts..in all media venues..at all times. It keeps the billions flowing to israel. And to create sympathy for themselves as victims of "anti-semites". And with the Jew's control of all media...it's incredibly easy for them to do.

FROM THE HEBREW T/A/L/M/U/D: Kethuboth 11b. “When a grown man has intercourse with a little girl it is nothing.”

Israel belongs to the jews. They have the right to run their country.There is no peace with people that want to kill you!!!

Intell Israel accesses from their jewish agents here in America is and has been sold to the detriment of the American people.  FACT.

They were ready to send non-mixed signals when suddenly Hamas and Hezbolla's missiles began landing from Gaza ............

John 8:44 New International Version (NIV)44 You belong to your father, the devil, and you want to carry out your father’s desires. He was a murderer from the beginning, not holding to the truth, for there is no truth in him. When he lies, he speaks his native language, for he is a liar and the father of lies.

Rick the Prick , you are a maggot at best and a maggot at worst.You are a nobody  and to redeem any credibility you need to prove that the Crusades happened. Till then, you cannot ask any questions.

Rick the Prick, you can bleat all you want.You need to prove to us that the Crusades happened.Till then, you will not be taken seriously.Period.

RC, Where in your whining do you ever talk about the article?  Never.  Give us another list of dead congressmen or senators.  Your pick COWARD."The Palestinians say the pre-1967 lines should be the basis for a future border". Look you cockroaches, you have elected to attack Israel 5 time with intent on killing them all. You lost, and you pricks have NO rights to the lands you lost either.

The "Palestinians" don't want peace, savages that they are.

The people on here talking garbage about the hunger striker are the same people who would crush Rachel Corrie with a bulldozer, stab Gandhi, assassinate Mother Theresa, crucify Jesus Christ and stomp on the face of humanity with a boot.

"There will be peace when the Palestinians love their children more than theyhate Israel". No one is going to change the situation, the hate has been going onfor thousands of years. I wish we had some better people to send. Obama and Kerry?Totally ridiculous.

Realitysux is missing his life looking for ghosts.

how many zio posters are hereraise your rear ends

Hope and Change sound suspiciously like Prayer and Subjugation.

If Israel really wanted peace, there would be peace. But they don't. They want all of Palestine and more. Mahatmas Gandhi's grandson Arun Gandhi ran the Institute for Nonviolence at University of Rochester. He said Zionists have created a culture of violence and death which will eventually destroy humanity.

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in a speech to parliament that his hand is outstretched in peace and that he is ready for a "historic compromise," but one of his closest allies called hopes for peace "delusional."-----------  He forgot to add "in my term". Or take whatever I give you and we are in peace.

For those who are unaware, Israel DOES NOT extradite Jews convicted in other countries, including for murder, i.e., the case involving Samuel Sheinbein and Aaron Needles, 2 Jews convicted of torturing and then murdering Alfredo Tello and then burning his body.Israel is a permanent fixture get used to it. The nations around Israel need to change not Israel.

The bigots are seething ......... ;-)Still ...

“The magnitude of violations relating to Israel’s policies of dispossessions, evictions, demolitions and displacements from land shows the widespread nature of these breaches of human rights . . . The motivation behind violence and intimidation against the Palestinians and their properties is to drive the local populations away from their lands, allowing the settlements to expand.” -Unity Dow, a judge and human rights activist from Botswana (-UN fact-finding mission appointed by the United Nations Human Rights Council)

Search-- Project Pinto NetanyahuNetanyahu gets standing Ovations from our U.S. Congress when he is a traitor and has commited espionage against the U.S..He should be imprisoned next to Israeli Hero Johnathan Pollard for stealing nuclear technology.Then We should imprison all Politicians and Officials who allowed this betrayal and are still funding a nation with a War Criminal and a TRAITOR of the U.S. in its Government.These are grounds for WAR...........

John 8:44 New International Version (NIV)44 You belong to your father, the devil, and you want to carry out your father’s desires. He was a murderer from the beginning, not holding to the truth, for there is no truth in him. When he lies, he speaks his native language, for he is a liar and the father of lies.

To communicate anything to a Goy about our religious relations would beequal to the killing of all Jews, for if the Goyim knew what we teach aboutthem, they would kill us openly.Libbre David 37

Jonny, means nothing. The FACT is that Israel occupies land illegally.  As recognized by all the nations of the earth.  International laws that even your Israel agreed to.  So attempt to justify Israel's theft of land, juboy.  Otherwise, #$%$, juboy.

Rick the prick, you need to prove that the Crusades happened.Before that, nothing you state will be taken seriously.FACT

"Rick  •  distortions of facts, omissions of facts, propganda, ALL are the tools of the jew. Have been for centuries."-------- Really?  Like you weaving a silly story about Nasser in 1973 although he died three years earlier in 1973 ? Yes ?

There is no money in  peace. The sons of Satan in Israel only want war so they can feed their greed."Rick  •  distortions of facts, omissions of facts, propganda, ALL are the tools of the jew. Have been for centuries."-------- Really?  Like you weaving a silly story about Nasser in 1973 although he died three years earlier in 1973 ? Yes ?

There is no money in  peace. The sons of Satan in Israel only want war so they can feed their greed.

If Khazars are Jews, they do a good job at it.Kicking the mohammedan az is a part time job , done between inventing new tech for drone avionics that snuffs out the jihadi mohammedans.

Why have I never heard any comedian make a joke about Mohels #$%$ the p..e..n..i..s. of the circumcized Jewish infant?  Wouldn't that be great comedic fodder?

peaceCIVIL TEST is not being taught to Humanity yet it is required at Treasury Note system of accountings of GDP account begans bond rate of reproduction of CIVIL money notes,,1 year of GDP TOTAL times 4 seasons reasonable GROWTH allowance in spendatures as MANKIND was Never to be found in POVERTY life style in vented by Roman Empires

Obama will meet with the Israelis and tell them that we , the US will not interfere in their negotiations with the Arabs.Good !

Israel runs the Hasbara Project, a cabinet level dept, designed to roam the internet and post comments on articles. Also they are trained to insult and disparage anyone who criticizes Israel or jews. They even have a manual to train these pitiful recruits. Right "pook"?  Google "Hasbara trolls".

The stolen land is the issue. Until the stinking jihadis give up the Middle East illegally occupied land there will be no peace and I support the dispossessed Indigenous Infidels in that goal. As does the entire world. No one likes Islamel. NO ONE.

The "cretin crew" is consolidating, Realitysux?Are you done playing "hide the wiener" ?

Hmmm...no answer from israel's internet clown "pook" about israel subsuming and forfeiting "democracy" to the "jewish character" of the state? Figgers...The only reason Israel wont tell the US to Kiss off and stay out of our business ,Because the US gov. cant take care of our own business.Boils down to the amount of aid the US gives them..

Qur’an (8:12)  Try a different one joker there is nothing like in the quran we don't use number like these. we have shura and averse.

America has NEVER had any need to ally themselves with any Mideast nation.  Least of all Israel.  Israel has NEVER shown themselves to be a friend or ally of the American people.  Not once.  EVER.  FACT

As Dr. Shlomo Sand makes clear in his book, The Invention of the Jewish People, the Romans never evicted the Jews from Judea/Palestine. Dr. Sand is an expert on locating and analyzing documents which are produced during any historical event. Sand finds there is not one book, not one piece of paper, not one piece of papyrus documenting any forced eviction or diaspora out of the Levant by the Jews. The Romans slaughtered the Judeans and later Judaism spread through conversion in the Mediterranean Basin and the Caucasus of Russia. Judaism is a fraud.

Israeli government does not know what peace is all they know is war mongering and killing defensless Palestinian woman and children.

You Neocons on here who pose as "Americans"  and cheer on another war. You all might as well be honest about your real loyalties and start a unified chorus of "Hine matov" and be done with it.

Coincidentally, Netanyahu's nickname "Bibi" also means "my-sewage".

Looks like the israeli internet trolls and their thumb team have taken over the thread again..I'm gonna watch my hockey game and laugh about how desperate "pook" and his israeli cohorts are that they have to spend 24 hours a day pimping for israel..lol

That the Jewish nation is the only nation selected by God, while all theremaining ones are contemptible and hateful.That all property of other nations belongs to the Jewish nation, whichconsequently is entitled to seize upon it without any scruples. An orthodoxJew is not bound to observe principles of morality towards people of othertribes. He may act contrary to morality, if profitable to himself or to Jewsin general.A Jew may rob a Goy, he may cheat him over a bill, which should not beperceived by him, otherwise the name of God would become dishonoured.Schulchan Aruch, Choszen Hamiszpat, 348

It looks like the IslamoNazist Propaganda machine is out in force again. I wonder how many are Islamel sponsored.Will islamel extradite a jihadi to the us?

Typical, throwing money and aid at other countries doesn't buy loyalty or respect.

If lady Gaga buys a piece of land, maybe jay Leno's joke will come true:  "Madonna is looking to buy a home in Israel, and today the PLO told Israel 'Okay, you can have the land back.'" --Jay Leno

Netanyahu, you keep on building more settlements and still claim you want peace. Stop giving Israel our money? The ONLY time Israel will make peace with its neighbors is when they can't get military and financial assistance from America and realize they would fight war alone if war breaks out. We're indirectly fueling Israel's refusal to make peace. Stop all aids and see how they will rush to make peace.Most of the disputes Israel is having in the MidEast were caused by them. I don't hate Israel but I hate their we-can-steal-land-&amp;-claim-it's-ours mentality.

Rick the Prick , yo donot need to worry where I live. I live wherever I want .You need to worry about proving that the Crusades happened.Now get !!! stupid maggot!

Realitysux, you brought up Israel's Jewish character.I agree that it is just as viable as the French character of France, as the British character of the UK or the Chines character of China.Israel is Jewish and democratic. FACT

Lies, lies and more #$%$ lies from the mouth of a liar and war criminal...~End the occupation, return all the land stolen since 1948...and the Zionists should beg thousands years of forgiveness for the things they have done... CRIMINALS

Realitysux is an anti-semite.I do not know how that sounds, but it surely rings true. Still.

Will israel extradite a jew to the us?

Mohammad was an ignorant and uneducated bedouin epileptic that married an ugly but rich caravan heiress that elevated him from heal licker to pseudo-tyrant. Had he not had Abu Bakr at his side he would have been a fart in the wind! Oh and he was poisoned by his Jewess concubine.Go feukyoself  Realitysux, and then you can do a favor to Rick the Prick  too.

Nobody expects anything from this visit. There is a saying " Mountain will deliver a mouse", at best that could be a possibility. Only, it might give some extra life to his govt.

One of the lame games these ubiquitous israeli internet sleazebags play is to try to imply that I'm a Muslim. They think it discredits your voice..They already know I'm a white American atheist..but they never give up on "the smear"... Jewish media strategy going back 100 years...Keep workin' it dirtbags...lol

israel's ubiquitous internet trolls that inhabit in perpetuity every Mid East thread are taught to taunt and provoke..defame and deride anyone who opposes israel's megalomania. A 24 hour a day endless stream of racist epithets and vulgarity and whining about anti-semites. Ironic huh?

Pal..I have seen you many times at temple. Why are you trying so hard to convince Americans you're Muslim? Is it that old Mossad motto "by deception thou shall wage war"? Why don't you use your real name...Moishe?

Go to - fromthetrenchesworldreport - and read* Official Red Cross Records Show Holocaust Was a Fraud *. . . . this article hit an exposed nerve with the zionist trolls the last time I posted it.

A neautral Joke I hope you will enjoy: Rabbi Rabinovitz is going on holiday to Israel. He arrives at Heathrow Airport and goes to have his luggage checked in."Has anyone put anything in your baggage without your knowledge?" asks the girl at the check-in desk.Rabbi Rabinovitz replies, "Listen, if it was without my knowledge, how should I know?"

Why cant Israeli citizens go back to the countries their fathers came from in 1948?

Previous post: "I just finished nailing my sister. We arabs like to keep it all in the family"-------Really?? Kinda like JOSEF FRITZL huh??????????????

“The magnitude of violations relating to Islamel’s policies of dispossessions, evictions, demolitions and displacements from land shows the widespread nature of these breaches of human rights . . . The motivation behind violence and intimidation against the Middle East Indigenous Infidels and their properties is to... Less“The magnitude of violations relating to Islamel’s policies of dispossessions, evictions, demolitions and displacements from land shows the widespread nature of these breaches of human rights . . . The motivation behind violence and intimidation against the Middle East Indigenous Infidels and their properties is to... Less

OK boys and girls, and whatever you stinking heebs are.  Off to bed.  Get at you jews again tomorrow. I love rubbing your huge noses in your lies and distortions.  You make it so easy.

Rick the prick , the US is NOT your country.It is the country of 310 million Americans .You are just the one who cleans the toilet bowls here.

DNA has nothing to do with American values.  It matters that the USA supports international law.  israel has long been in international law and still is.  Time we Americans dump Israel permanently. Time that we Americans totally and completely disengage ourselves from the Mideast quagmire.  Forever.

It's funny to read all the comments about Jews coming back to Israel. Only one problem...The Jews/Jewish people who occupy Israel currently, are not the chosen people from the bible. The occupiers of Israel today are Europeans who converted to Judaism. Their trying to make us believe they are the jews coming back to their homeland. Wrong!... they're thief's robbing a land from another people. The real Israelites were not European or light in complexion. These Europeans calling themselves a race are colonialist. They're on the way to taking over this country if we don't wake up. These so called jews host fund raisers on TV everyday. Playing are emotions over their misfortunes. We buy into this garbage and keep feeding them money. I think you need to do your history and read about these people who call themselves jews. Look up "Khazarian" "Ashkenazic". You'll understand what these people are capable of after you research them. Then you'll understand why they have been chased out of every country in the world... Don't believe me look it up...

suicide bomb the hhomosexual, drug addicted, muslim boy. do the world , and yourself a favor, and get rid of the anti christ.

Rick the prick, as an American I am free to support whomever and whatever I want.NONE of your business, maggot !!

Everyone loves Obama :)

Forget politics-nice cake. Well done !

Numbers 21:27-35 God abetted Moses in utterly destroying the Amorites at Heshbon - “…the men, the women, and the little ones.”Numbers 31:17-18 God commands Moses to kill all the Medianite people including children and women.  To top it off he commands that the virgins be saved for later raping by Moses’ soldiers.Numbers 21:27-35 God abetted Moses in utterly destroying the Amorites at Heshbon - “…the men, the women, and the little ones.”Numbers 31:17-18 God commands Moses to kill all the Medianite people including children and women.  To top it off he commands that the virgins be saved for later raping by Moses’ soldiers.

When a Jew has a Gentile in his clutches, another Jew may go to the sameGentile, lend him money and in turn deceive him, so that the Gentile shallbe ruined. For the property of a Gentile, according to our law, belongs tono one, and the first Jew that passes has full right to seize it.Schulchan Aruch, Choszen Hamiszpat 156

peaceApple PURE JEW settlement has not entered Eden WHERE is TRUE JEW settlemental held back in Accounts of Olive

Rick, I normally work  as hasbara for the IDF but i got the night off tonight and decided to freelance and  speak the truth.

Rick the prick you are in NO position to pass any judgement.For that you need brains and you do not qualify.When did Nasser die, you lying maggot ?

Pakistan ........ a mohammedan kills 4 in a court room.All in a day of the mohammedan.

Syrian planes attacked a town in Northern Lebanon.How is that?

"Israel is no longer a democracy, but rather a parody of a democracy."-Uri Misgav (Israeli journalist)

Zionists in the United States are the reason why the mohammedans bleat day and night everywhere they are given an opportunity.We will make them bleat in eternity.

Jewish character for Israel is as fitting as French character for France and British character for the UK. All great democracies.FACTWho would have believed that within years of the Naz*i era in Germany; the J*ews would be carrying out the same exact methods against the palestinians. Satanyahu and his little band of racist genocidal land theiving psychopaths have subjected the palestinians to have every kind of inhumane and brutality known to mankind; all the while portraying themselves as "victims". Victims of what??? resistence to their land theiving, genocidal policies??

“The third Netanyahu government has one clear goal: enlarging the settlements and achieving the vision of ‘a million Jews living in Judea and Samaria.’ This magic number will thwart the division of the land and prevent once and for all the establishment of a Palestinian state.” -Aluf Benn, Ha’aretz’s editor-in-chief (Israeli newspaper)

Reality Check is no American hero, he's a Muslim, probably posting from Gaza. Where in Oakland do you live son?

Rick the Prick, when did Nasser die, maggot ???

Pook, which bar was it in Oakland?

Gotta love these israeli internet nutcases like "pook" and "wildman" pretending they're American and living here in the USA. Anything to further the farcical ruse...IOW...live the lie...

A JEW ID THIEF stole my ID and avatar. He has no loyalty to the American flag..never earned a Purple Heart....and hides behind them to get the credibility they accrue. THAT'S who the zionists are America...deceitful manipulators hiding behind a wall of lies...

Love my President.

(Reuters) -- As many as 150,000 men of Jewish descent served in the German military under Adolf Hitler, some with the Nazi leader's explicit consent, according to a U.S. historian who has interviewed hundreds of former soldiers.Bryan Mark Rigg, history professor at the American Military University in Virginia, told Reuters on Thursday that the issue of soldiers of partial Jewish descent was long a somewhat taboo subject, overlooked by most academics as it threw up thorny questions.

And we can all be rest assured of one thing–EVEN IF the state of FLorida changed its laws to accomodate Lawrence Seth Wayne’s ‘kosher’ food needs, he will STILL not be extradited to the US, because the fact of the matter is this–the victim he killed in the hit and run was a GENTILE and therefore in the eyes of the Jewish state, Wayne is innocent of murder, just as in the case involving SheinbeMy true hero is Baron Rothchild who forced the Brit to make him a promise to steal Palestinians land and give it to us the Zionists. We hate god but we want the land in Palestine.

Palestine belong the Palestinians and Jerusalem is the thier capital  and it is going to happen if not today, tomorrow and if not by peace it will happen one day by other meansObama is not a bad President or a bad human, this is just over his head

FACT - The “Jews” of America, Europe, and Israel are descendants not of Father Abraham but of King Bulan and the people of ancient Khazaria. Khazaria was an amalgam of Turkic clans who once lived in the Caucasus (Southern Russia) in the early centuries CE. These Turkic peoples were pagans who converted to Judaism in the eighth century. As converts, they called themselves “Jews,” but none of their blood comes from Israel.- FACT

Islamel doesn't want peace, they want land. Land and still more land. Endless "living space". Peace will come ONLY when they get off the the Middle East illegally occupied lands and go home. Unfortunately more real people will have to die. Like another 911 before Americans wake up to what the stinking jihadis... Less

The isreali internet shill's main job is posting seemingly plausible rhetorical blurbs that upon closer scrutiny are in fact false equivalencies, circular logic... and lies. That is the job of the israeli "hasbara troll". Repetition of the lie. Muddy the waters..and bet on the ignorance of the American public.

why am i the subject of conversation with you israeli nutcases 24 hours a day on here? if i'm as insignificant as you intellectual infants are wont to infer..why the extraordinary effort by you weak minded cowards to bring me down? you're my toys....you are obsessed with..me...not the reverse...

Pook the lying ape was your mommy a shiksa or a jewish wh&amp;&amp;e

If the Palestinian People were magically gone tomorrow, would Israel live in peace?  Oh hell no. They are already attacking Syria, then they want Iran attacked, then Egypt, Spain, Rome, Germany, who knows who is next. Zionism is mental illness. It survives on made up 'existential' threats to the mythical Jewish people. Zionism and Israel are cancers on the a...z...z.. of humanity and both must be deconstructed for there to be world peace.

Israel first, America last. Congress is bought and paid for by the special ethnic and corporate interests.

** Official Red Cross Records Show Holocaust Was a Fraud **at - fromthetrenchesworldreport -** Official Red Cross Records Show Holocaust Was a Fraud **at - fromthetrenchesworldreport -

Netanyahus choice of defense minister speaks volumes, same as their inability to compromise on Jerusalem while demanding no preconditions from Palestinians is almost comical and hypocritical

Netan's marshmellow is soft &amp; sweet, until it meets the fire !

Israeli Justices Refuse To Extradite U.s. Teen In Maryland MurderJERUSALEM — Israel's Supreme Court blocked the extradition Thursday of a U.S. teenager accused in a Maryland slaying, a move that disappointed officials in both countries and threatens to revive a strain on U.S.-Israel relations.

Bal-Inmem.... the lying pig please answer ishy's question you lying prick

as long as palastines act like morons nd throw rocks and murder innocent israelis there will be nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo peace!!!p.s. dont forget to mention hamas and thier 10000000 rockets that they poured into israel!!!

Yahoo deletes posts in favor of Muslim Terrorists.

The Muslims have only one plan in mind: Murder every Jew on earth and conquer the world. They will most certainly murder every atheist at first opportunity.

Thought that was a picture of the devil in that chocolate image.

exactly Jr..............Thought that was a picture of the devil in that chocolate image.

exactly Jr..............

Sunnia Sheiks badly beaten by Shia 'freedom fighters' in Lebanon.....that peaceful moongod religion sure anything but

If you think Obadiah is going to help your country...you are so so wrong...baby Mohammad can't even help his own country let alone another...please baby maohammad..stay over there..we will survive and thrive without you

America runs the hypocritical Muslim leaders, Israel runs America, Zionists run Israel, the devil runs Israel.

Israel bullies Muslim countries and innocent Palestine with rockets and continue they're genocide and the media  does not show it. Palestine defends it women and children with one home made rocket and rocks and immediately they are deemed terrorists.

Israel runs America. Zionist run america and the world.

If you cannot accept lies, hypocrisy and double standards then you cannot accept Zionism. Why does the USA back these Jewish criminals?  Because the Jews have turned the American government into a criminal enterprise.

#$%$ bibi = ZYCLONE B THE WHOLE LOT

It has taken a lot of common sense Americans several years to kill the anti semite hurl used to prevent truthful discussion of Israel, I/P and the Isr-US relationship. But we slugged thru and did it. Now our elected politicans have directly challenged us, who they are suppose to represent, to dare to object to their abdicating US interest and the American's people's interest and welfare to a foreign country in return for.....something as crass as the personal benefits they get politically from Israel's lobby in the US. O.K. let's fight them. They are traitors. That 's the new word that will be introduced to this discussion. Use it, it applies. Dare them to explain why they would support unconditionally a country and it's actions and our relationship with it when our own military has plainly stated that Israel's behavior and our Orwellington relationship with Israel is a threat to US security and interest. Go ahead, DEMAND they answer. I'am going to and then I will donate to anyone who run against them for their office. They work for us, are paid by us. They are employees and that's all they are despite their illusions of royalty. Fire their #$%$. And in case anyone thinks they should vote for someone on their 'domestic issues', liberal nor conserative, despite this kind of treason let me advise you that unless we get our foreign policy striaght and start rebuilding THIS country on OUR own foreign interest and domestic interest your pet domestic issues won't won't even exist...you won't have a pot to **** in or a window to throw it out of.It has taken a lot of common sense Americans several years to kill the anti semite hurl used to prevent truthful discussion of Israel, I/P and the Isr-US relationship. But we slugged thru and did it. Now our elected politicans have directly challenged us, who they are suppose to represent, to dare to object to their abdicating US interest and the American's people's interest and welfare to a foreign country in return for.....something as crass as the personal benefits they get politically from Israel's lobby in the US. O.K. let's fight them. They are traitors. That 's the new word that will be introduced to this discussion. Use it, it applies. Dare them to explain why they would support unconditionally a country and it's actions and our relationship with it when our own military has plainly stated that Israel's behavior and our Orwellington relationship with Israel is a threat to US security and interest. Go ahead, DEMAND they answer. I'am going to and then I will donate to anyone who run against them for their office. They work for us, are paid by us. They are employees and that's all they are despite their illusions of royalty. Fire their #$%$. And in case anyone thinks they should vote for someone on their 'domestic issues', liberal nor conserative, despite this kind of treason let me advise you that unless we get our foreign policy striaght and start rebuilding THIS country on OUR own foreign interest and domestic interest your pet domestic issues won't won't even exist...you won't have a pot to **** in or a window to throw it out of.

why did the jews come to america? heard that we had "free" speach

Nobody but nobody on earth would use a medal to promote themselves but a liar like "Reality Check"

Reality Check is a Muslim prick!

there is no such states as Islamel, we gave you that toilet lands to shut you up and now you want to take more. NOT GOING TO HAPPEN

FOI yet God is not a jew

A convert to Islam is a Muslim.A convert to Judaism is a Jew.A convert to Christianity is a Christian.FACT

What ! another US president that no one likes. The media said the world didn't like Bush, now they are telling us they don't like Obama either. I thought he was going to make a difference.  I miss Bush more and more. No way in hell, Clinton will be are next president

if the zio lunatics thinks that by building more settlements and planting one million or even 10 millions settlers will make it right.they are mistakenGod almighty has always been JustGod almighty will show them His Mightthere 15 minutes of fame is almost Upthe world is waking up to the lies and deceptionsDecent nations will not tolerate oppressions and ethnic cleansing even on slow motion.Have they forgotten already what the free decent world has done to save them from the Nzi Tyranny ,just last century or are they suffering  from amnesia too.

The last time a Jew PM said he wants peace they ended up killing 2000 PalestiniansThe young in Israel need to take over politics.  Its their only hope for peace.

Jesus Knew How It Was To Try And Make Peace With Radical Supremacist BolshevikJewish Pharisees..............Look how that turned out for him  0_0Thessalonians 2:15Those Jewish persecutors killed both the Lord Jesus and the Prophets, and drove us out of their midst. They are displeasing to God, and are the enemies of all mankind;

Satanyahu and little band of far right wing, racist genocidal war mongers have ZERO interest in peace and will not stop their ethnic cleansing policies until EVERY INCH of palestinian land has been stolen and the Palestinians confined to concentration camps or expelled forever from their homes. There is no land grabs with peace; that's why the ZioNaz*is have put as many obstacles in the way of negotiations have gone nowhere. Satanyahu blames Hamas but Hamas is a tool of the ZioNaz*is; the old Machevillian tool of divide and conquer is being used against the palestinians. Why do you think the ZioNaz*is always fear a Palestinian unity government. It suits the genocidal policies of the ZioNaz*is to have the palestinians divided and weak.

No more Aid to those beggars in Israel without us they will have to relocate to Africa

Rick the prick , explain to the other bigot babbling about Khazars the concept of conversion.He is blowing hard.

Name one concession the Palestinians have agreed too in order for there to be peace for Israel. .  ONE!

Jesus Christ could not please the Criminal Chosenites, what makes you think the Palestinians could ever please them?

The Haredi burqa sect is a religious group, primarily concentrated in Israel, in which Orthodox Jewish (Haredi) women claim that modesty calls for a burqa-style covering of the entire body, a shal (plural shalim, english shawl), including a veil covering the face. The garment, which looks more like a niqab than a burqa, is also called frumka, a play of the word frum (Yiddish for devout) and burqa.

Of course!Palestinian attackers wound Israeli in West Bank: "The attack comes two days before President Barack Obama is due to visit the region."Same old-same old. Attempting to provoke some response to garner sympathy in the wake of the visit by Obama. Pretty predictable.

Israel offered them the store in 2000 but Arafat walked away and started the intifada. The excuse was Israel's refusal to accept millions of Palestinian "refugees" inside their borders. As long as that's a "must have" for the PA, peace is impossible.Jews interpret the law given by Moses as a prohibition against transcribing the name of God, because they feel that if God is recorded onto a piece of paper, there is the possibility that the name will be disrespected or destroyed in some way. The general concern with writing G-d in its true form is that it might be erased, defaced by being crossed out or scribbled upon, torn, thrown in the trash, or ravaged in some other way. Writing G-d instead of God communicates the writer’s idea effectively, but since G-d is incomplete, there is no risk of defacement. The Jews have other names for their creator besides G-d, including Hashem, YHVH, Elohim, and El Shaddai, which are also not written in their complete form.

i hope Zoroastrian Iran kicks islamels arzz

Slanders..smears and insults are the primary tools in the zionist arsenal of propaganda and dirty tricks. That and their internet shills cloning...and thumbing en masse with multiple accounts...

Can this is a fact American Jews who go to Israel and become citizens can't be extradited to the US. Why? The commit crimes in our country and run to israel to hide

cause a riot throw a Quran in toilet in a jihadi street

looks the ZioNaz*is have flooded the room with ZioNaz*i post bots to shut down anyone opposing the genocide and ethnic cleansing policies of the Satanyahu govt. They can't argue or refute the anti ZioNaz*is; all they do is give thumbs down.

pook goes trolling on israel sites with 5 identities then thumbs up or down in all identities. Paid by jews, how pathetic

Only people with low self-esteem support the Criminal Zionist State, or they are insecure social puppets, intellectually-challenged herd animals or Khazars and assorted Zio-trash.

Nobody answered my question, but I had many ups and downs...interesting..many opinions, none expressed.

Bo.i the hate filled evil ZioNaz*i POS, tell me you evil FcJLK!!!, how can you condone the genocide and ethnic cleansing of your hate filled evil government????Why are Jewish synagogues round?So they cant hide in the corner when the collection box comes round!

the world would be more peaceful if we would just tell Israel we are moving them to Africa. We own that POS country so why not?

Common internet propaganda techniques by the zionist jew internet shills: Insults..False premises..Disinformation..Misrepresentation..Misdirection..Innuendo..Insinuation..False equivalencies..Labeling critics as "anti-semites".."n*a*z*i*s" or #$%$"..and "cloning" their opponents... Just thought America should know.

My theory on the chosen pigs is that God created humans and then there was some left over trash that he used to create the pigs and the pigs thought they were different and falsely believed they were chosen pigs.  in the end all pigs are the same no matter which farm you go to

The Zio-trash on here talking garbage about the hunger striker are the same people who criticize the wise man RC,  would crush Rachel Corrie with a bulldozer, stab Gandhi, assassinate Mother Theresa, crucify Jesus Christ and stomp on the face of humanity with a boot.

Jeff the hate filled racist genocidal apologist says, and I quote "When Ive finished raping and killing palestinian children, I take pictures and movies and show them to my ZioNaz*i buddies".

google USS Liberty... Pathetic jews your time is coming

Contrary to the disinformation spewed by islamel's internet PR team..ALL of the Arab parties have agreed to not recognize Native Zionists entity and have not offered peace in exchange for islamel returning the Middle East land it stole..and dismantling the region's  ILLEGALLY occupied territories. Arch terrorist Arafat..the PLO..the Criminal Arab League...even Hamas... Less

Cloning is a sure sign of infantilism.

The reluctant tones of the judges' 3-2 decision keeping Samuel Sheinbein, 18, from returning to Maryland to stand trial reflected wider embarrassment in Israel over a blanket ban on extraditing Jews-The reluctant tones of the judges' 3-2 decision keeping Samuel Sheinbein, 18, from returning to Maryland to stand trial reflected wider embarrassment in Israel over a blanket ban on extraditing Jews-

Netanyahu, when he says 'peace', he actually means 'pieces', as in: "we're going to bulldoze Palestinian homes to 'pieces", or "We're going to rip treaties that we've committed to in to 'pieces'", or "if anyone gets in our way, we'll crush them into pieces like we did Rachael Corrie (an American peace activist that was bulldozed by the Israeli army)". That is all he means when he talks about 'peace'.

All f.......a.....g......s in America support the state of Israel. All f.......a.....g.....s know Israel is a friend to all f............a.......g......s. When will the rest of America send these kok s......u...ck.ers and lesson?

This is really funny in a sad way: Israeli judge:U.S. fugitive cannot be deported unless Florida prisons provide kosher food. Fugitive enters Israel in 2000 using a forged passport and assumed name, after skipping bail after losing appeal of his 19-year sentence for DUI manslaughter. An American hit-and-run driver who was finally found here last year, after fleeing Florida over a decade ago, may not be extraditable because Florida does not allow its prisoners to receive kosher food.

Cam you are true about this jew moron pook. he works for the IDF in their Hasbasa DPT.

The Jews are nice people. They pretend they want peace but lie and continue their barbaric occupation of the Palestinians

The world is screwed. Some how we out number the government, military and police by 3000:1 as civilians, but for some reason, we are the one's powerless and voiceless. What happens if we the people call a mandatory vote of the America people, where we have a say if we want to allow our tax dollars to leave the USA. I am sick and tired of seeing whats going on in the world and then looking at my own country and thinking that the government is dipping its dirty hands into my pocket and taking my hard earned money, and giving it to Israel or Egypt or South Korea etc... The hell with those countries. Our families are here, our work is here, our PEOPLE are here, not there. When do we rise up and take our country back? Who's other burdens must we bare? How much do we have to baby these countries. Let nature take its course. If Israel want's to fight Iran, let them. If South Korea wants to fight North Korea, let them. Those are consequences they have to deal with. It should not be our problem if Israel thinks they own all the land, or the Palestinians. It's not our problem if Korea wants to go to war with ITSELF! America, wake up! We are weakened as a nation because the government has tricked us into believing they are doing things in the best interest of it's people. THIS IS A LIE!

Well, here's my take on the situation. I hope you can handle it. A long time ago, you wouldn't believe it, but there was a time when... my balls are really big! my balls are really big! my balls are really big!

The Israelis have been living with Arabs in their midst since before the inception of the state in 1948. There are Palestinian members of the parliament, the Palestinians can vote, full citizenship. The Palestinians would make their state Judenrein - Jews excluded.  Considering their leader Abbas is a Holocaust denier, it is no shock. If Israel has to deal with Arabs in their midst, the Palestinians should be forced to grow up and do the right thing.  The right for Israel to exist is still in question over there....really slow learners....

Israel-Mossad- The Biggest Terror Network in world.Btw they are not real Jews or are they Semites.Real Semties are Syrians.The occupants of Israel are Khazars mixed with Slavic blood, NOT authentic Jews.Cam do you know how many Jewish bankers went to jail for stealing our money in 2008? None

I also recall the Romans kicked them out of Palestina in 70 AD after the Jews killed Jesus

God hates jews, he hates people that steal, lie and are ugly

FOI Jesus was not a Jew if he is truly son of God. If son og God is a jew then God is jew. Makes no sense. Jesus said the Jews are not from the seed of Abraham because they lie kill and steal.

Anyone noticed that the symbol on the flag of Israel, resembles the symbol of the Illuminati..

One Jew say we want peace another Jew say no peace in our lifetime. I am a simple minded person and don't understand this double talk but i truly believe Israel wants peace as long as the Palestinians are gone complety form Palestine.. This way no one will accuse us of stealing or killing. So the trick is to convince the Americans that Hitler and sadam are living in the WB so they come and finish off the Palestinians. That's our new plan for peace.

Dear Israel,f you are that innocent the why are YOU expanding Israel? How come the Muslim countries have not taken over Israel.If you are as good and innocent as you say you are Israel would not even exist. Also Israel never existed. It was a tribe called Bani Israel.

Jeff the hate filled racist ZioNaz*i said in an earlier post "Raping little palestinian children makes me feel like a real man".

Have you ever seen a country so chauvinistic as Israel yet so dependent on another country, the USA?  Is there anything the Khazars touch that isn't a scam?

Boi the ZioNaz*i POS, prove that I'm liar, prove to me that Jeff the hate filled vile ZioNaz*i POS NEVER said he loves raping little palestinian children. Perhaps you're one the fellow ZioNaz*i pos he has showed his pictures to.Jeff the racist hate filled ZioNaz*i POS said, and I quote "I love raping and murdering little palestinian children".

illuminati

Florida prisons does not provide kosher food. what next?

POOK the lying pig please answer cam's question you lying prick

U.S. asks Israel to extradite ultra-Orthodox Jew accused of child abuseAvrohom Mondrowitz charged with abuse of four boys in Brooklyn, fled to Israel before arrest in U.S.

so God is  jew

Cam do you know that American Jews who escape to Israel can't be extradited back to the us

No more military or economic aid for those thieves... lets see how the brave Israel soldier kills innocent children then

why are most financial crimes done by jews

Cam yes they did and accused Him of practicing sorcery and magicCam yes they did and accused Him of practicing sorcery and magic

its Jamil the self hating Muslim. Hey Jamil, why do you pretend to hate your fellow Arab brothers??? Jamil is a very common Muzzie terrorist name.

f the jews those idiots have been kicked out of every country they have ever been in. They are thieves and all from the same blood as Madoff

Reality Check is a Charlatan.

blah blah blah. same old whine in the same old bottle.the zionists are the new #$%$. what ever happened to "never again"?oh, i guess that ONLY applies to (guess who).

just answer this one question, why are the jews hated and kicked out of every country they try to go in and steal from?

hey barry please stay over there and try and promise those people a load of b.s. like you sold here.BUCK OFAMA!

is their a religious group as ugly, thieving, stupid and worthless as a jew

jews killed Jesus

most pathetic lying jews will steal you blind... MADOFFpook eats pig prik

cause a riot throw a quarter in a jew street

i am going to take a nasty steamer on the western wall then yank off those ugly curls and stuff it up an ugly jew woman's huge arzz

Jews LIE and SLANDER Torah style. Shameless.

what right do those stinking jews have to steal others land? They are the filthy cockroaches of the world.

pook ISHY Jamil all the same loser

there is no such state as Israel, we gave you that toilet land to shut you up and now you want to take more. NOT GOING TO HAPPEN

we have no use for those thieving jews no more aid and watch that s hole eat itself. Jews will steal from other jews when no one is left to steal from ... Madoff

the fence keeps those ugly jews in... who would want to be in that toilet surrounded by thieving cockroaches... huge noses loud mouthed ugly women and really stupid men

jews= biggest cowards on the face of this earth... pathetic ugly peoplejews= biggest cowards on the face of this earth... pathetic ugly people

just answer the question, why are the jews hated around the world

i hope Iran kicks israels arzz