No 3G . . . ! . . . have they tried letting their children write a letter to the White House . . . ?

If Muslim Arabs don't like Israel, they should try Syria for a change.

palestinians painted it with swastikas?so now the holocaust did happen. at least they admit it

I guess Palestinians must be racist haters too?

I thought they loved this guy?

Not exactly a wise strategy to win over his sympathy for their cause.

Can you imagine all peaceful muslim countries living side by side with their neighbors in peace and even with them selves. For the good of mankind. Neither can they

Is that Bill White in the photo about throwing a rock threw Obama's billboard?  Sure looks like him but I need to find my glasses to be sure.

The article  should read HAMAS tore down the banner. Let us see how they feel when Assad loses.

People that claim to be a Palistinian lost all rights to the Geneva convention when they straped on suicide vests.Palistine should not receive 1 cent of aid.

I guess what is baffling to me is of all the presidents in recent years, he is the most sympathetic to their plight. He is easily the most distant president we have had of the last 5 with Israel.

They support Hugo Chavez, yet not Obama. Humm, what shumcks. I dont like Obama either, but I dislike seeing my President being taken for granted by those lying people. And yes, I know what liars they can be from personal experience with them. They have no shame of it either.

Asia minor is a lost cause. QUIT SENDING AMERICAN MONEY TO FOREIGN NATIONS !!!

@ Bill the pill: let the palis reject the hypocritical American aid dollars that keep them afloat  then, and get all their welfare from their rich Arab oil brothers instead!

If you are an islamist or pro islamists,,,you are PRO SLAVERY,,,you are PRO MISOGYNY,,,you are PRO PEDOPHILIA,,,you are PRO NECROPHILIA,,,you are PRO WOMEN BEATING,,,you are PRO CHILD MARRIAGES,,,you are PRO GENITAL MUTILATION,,,you are PRO FORCED CONVERSIONS,,,you are PRO STONING RAPE VICTIMS,,,you are PRO FORCED OVER BREEDING,,,you are PRO GENOCIDE of non islamists,,,you are PRO EXECUTION OF RAPE VICTIMS,,,you are PRO APARTHEID treatment of non islamists,,,you are PRO BLASPHEMY LAWS &amp; AGAINST FREEDOM of SPEECH,,,you are PRO WORLD DOMINATION by the islamic NAZI THEOCRACY,,,you are PRO EXECUTION OF LESBIANS, GAYS,BISEXUALS &amp; TRANSGENDERS,,,you are AGAINST EQUAL RIGHTS, FREEDOM of SPEECH &amp; the UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights,,,To name but a few,,, Members of the islamic ideology are MONSTERS,,,

The World knows Obama is nothing more than a poser, a liar and a failure.  Obama can't lead the USA and he certainly shouldm't be giving any  advice to other countries.  Impeach Obama NOW

Hey...that's what you call a real heart-felt welcome for Obama. Palestinian style! And he's going on to the west Bank? You better stay ready, Joe Biden.

First muslims knocked down the world trade center. Then they tried to put up a mosque in the same spot. Sound famiar where ever they go.

OMG no 3G? I thought they would have blamed Bush.Great!  More destruction from the animals with no responsibilities.

I think we should all have an appropriate respect and patiance with the Palestinians . Let them do it their way . I'm quite amused / pleased with their methods . and they are being consistent . Why make friends when you can make enemies instead ? The light at the end of the Palestinian tunnel gets dimmer and dimmer . Or is that dumber and dumber ??

Bobby Kennedy was murdered by an Arab.  I bet the S.S. is thinking about that with this B.O. Visit.

yes - the greatest "concentration camp in the world" which also has malls, jet skis in Gaza, a 5-star hotel, cities that look just like anything else in the arab world, the 5th highest birth rate in the world, and type 2 diabetes.

obama's UNpopularity is spreading as more people get to know him better

This is not news!News would be a single day when the palis are not defacing ,burning, throwing, lobbing ____________________fill in the blank.

Jihadist love to use cellphones to detonate bombs.

Yep' that's a boot...!!

Even if you gave Palistine all of Isreal they would complaine and then attack their next neighbor so F them.

Ahh the peaceful gentle Palestinians....Thank you, nothing or noone is more deserving. tell him to get his self home and deal with our problems. jobs and DEBT that he put us trillions into and the democraps blasted bush about 875 billion. what a joke obama and the people are that voted for him., in my humble opionin of course. the democrats, the party with an #$%$ for a symbol. very fitting.

I was always neutral when it came to the Israel vs. Palestinian conflict. After watching for a long time i can plainly see that the Arabs behave violently in almost every situation they're in. Israel shows a lot of restraint.

LMAO.  It would be the pali's (the small print wasn't a typo).  No sane government, in this case being the Israeli's is going to divide Jersuleum with a tyrannical enemy, Islam. We're  told it is only the extremists we should fear. No, we must fear and defeat any manifestation of this cult. It hates women. It hates freedom of religion, of thought, of choice. It is a prison from which some former Muslims escape, but we need to welcome more refugees.

Don't palestinian's ever work? Everyday I read about them protesting, throwing rocks, blowing themselves up, hunger strikes, etc. How about building an economy like your buddies the Israeli's. They've been around 65 years and they've built a thriving country, despite your efforts to stop them. You claim to have been there for eternity, what do you have to show for it, aside for some unused suicide belts and penchant for blaming all your societal woes on the Jews!

islam is the religion of peace... except when it comes to Jews....well, and Christians for that matter, or Buddhists, or Hinduswell, except for sunni's, and shia, well I guess except for salafists, and oh can't forget about whabbist.but other than in these cases, islam is peaceful

I wonder if they protest while he is there and close to him will the secret service agents arrest them. I mean they have the power to do that here in the US.

I'm still looking for palestine on the map .........

And Obama has vandalized the USA ...

bin laden is a para stinkian hero. They love him. How about you

enjoy your trip Obama!Palistine deserves nothing but kick in the rear, Palistineis a bunch of loosers that we Shall never help.

but Owebama is your friend...

Did they at least use the endless parade of US TAXPAYER funds OWE-Blamer is shipping them monthly to buy the shoes and gas for the taxi to run over the banner?

Obama has given the Terrorists Billions of our tax dollars.  Propaganda

Way to make points with the big guy.

They just din't get it ! ... minorities are treated better in Israel than any other nation in the region. 20% of the Israeli population are Muslim ...and they live in peace !!

Can't imagine why the United States would be biased toward Israel with such a fine welcome for our President being put on by the Palestinians...

Bad guys throw shoes .

If this were South Africa 1976 and Jimmy Carter was visiting, the students of Soweto would be doing the exact same thing to the banners.

The last great act of defiance! Well, maybe not the last. The single digit salute is actually the last.Why the peace loving muslims of palestine wouldn't do that, would they? I mean I keep hearing they're deserving of Israeli land and their own country.Their true colors just keep bursting forth!!

A Palistinian is a code word for Illegal arab imagrent from some other arab country.

The Pali's don't understand that Obama thinks much more highly of them than the US people.

How much more money do you want to send these muslim creeps now, Obama.

They really need 3G.  Right now it can take up to two minutes to remotely detonate a bomb via cell phone.

Palestinians are just Welfare Babies, parasites living off the US Charity. For 20 years guess who is the Number 1 contributor to Palestinian Welfare...THE USA....yet the #$%$ danced and celebrated on 9/11 and routinely burn the US flag.....Palestinians are a waste of time and money.

I suggest a hunger strike......

Some others have his number as well.

Defacing his banner by painting swastikas and burning it is really going to help the pals plight (sarcasm). Stupid is as stupid does. The pals only answer to everything is seemingly destruction, throwing rocks, setting things on fire and bombings. Grow up and start acting like human beings and the world might start treating you like them.

After watching these arab clowns celebrating 9/11, I just love reading articles about their misery. It truly brightens my day. It still bothers me that the U.S. gives them assistance.Robert Kennedy...assassinated by Palestinian....Palestinians danced in the streets and threw candy to their children on 9/11 with tears of JOY......Let them ROT.

they might hijack his plane if it lands.........if they do.....they can keep him....sorry mr. oboma but you stink at the job your doing here....

If muslims were peaceful would everybody have to take their shoes off everytime we go through an airport. Thank a muslim for ruining a simple experience like flying

Remember how Obama had Hillary broker a backroom deal with Hamas using the Egyptian leader as a go-between?  Tell me why we did that?

There is no such thing as a Palistinian .

So the "greatest concentration camp in the world" is so horrible because it doesn't have 3G? That's a joke, right?

"Palestinians"  never miss an opportunity to bite the hand that feeds them.

Give us more 3G spectrum so we can trigger the vests of those who bail out at the last minute.

Palestinians go home---wherever the hell that is ???

You wont be hearing this on MSN/DNCWhy am I not surprised-the palestinian muslim terrorist crazies consider us infidels right along with the Israelis-they will use us but they are not for us-what is it that people do not understand about that? Some people hate the jews so much that it is impossible for them to see who our real enemies are in the Middle East. It is not only our support of Israel that enrages them in that region. The muslims would hate us even if Israel did not exist. We must withdraw any aid to the  palestinians for this insult-we are fools if we don't!

63% of foreign assistance in Palestine comes from US, Canada and Europe. Only 20% comes from Arab countries.  After all that giving, they are still filled with hate and murder.  Unbelievable.

Ha, Ha. Liberals tail feathers will be ruffled over this. For some reason liberals can't wrap their mind around the fact that others don't idolize Obama like they do. Others see him for what he really is.

It's only fair that Obama be afforded the same hospitality that he wanted for Ambassador Stevens.

Well, while Obama is out of the house, maybe we can get a few of them to redecorate it for him since we obviously see how HE has had to cut back during HIS sequestration!

Who payed for the banners????

How dare they insult the POTUS!

What is one thing Palistine has to offer the world besides Olive oil?

No 3G the horror, smoke signals is the technology that matches their mentality

Why would US President Obama want to visit a third-world dump like Palestine ? Get in and get out as quick as you can.hum..stop our cash flow to Palistine...punish these fools...don't they get it? They can't have it both ways..make nice..or starve!

That's one of their favorite hobbies together with throwing stones, killing unarmed civilians and children, rape, suicide bombing...

liking the palestinians more

They got Republicans in Bethlehem?????

Sunni Muslims would look a gift horse in the #$%$, just to see what kind of Shi'ite they can find.

A usual we see what is really important  3G

where do i sign up to throw my shoe at obama?

so they're throwing rocks and shoes over not having 3G??really? REALLY?I would say that's a 1st world problem.

Maybe those Palestinians are smarter then we thought!

Do we care? NOOOOOOOOO......Just muslims being muslims.Palestinians prove once again that the only thing they are good for is being used as compost.

Isreal like America and Palistine hates America so F Palistine and stop giving my American Tax dollars to Terrorist MR Obama.

Yet these Palestinian terrorists expect Obama to grant them a state?

oh, maybe give them another $10 million.....they may feel better......

palestinian hate americans why we give you our dollar?

So, Palestinians are smarter than Obama voters?

Americans should do the same.

LMAO ... "The Palestinians have long felt aggrieved by the U.S., accusing it of being biased toward Israel."REEEALLY?? THERE AREN'T ANY JEWISH SUICIDE BOMBERS KILLING OUR PEOPLE YOU F[UC]KING MORON!!

Obama forgot his Monopoly Banker Mr. Bernanke at home. Palestians sure could use 85 billion a month in aid....

Who needs Hasbara? "Palestinians" are doing such a great job for Israel.NUKE 'EM------DUKE!!!!!!!

LMAO so much for that making the world like us crud.

those peace loving arabs are at it again!

Well....Nothing new.....Not everyone gets a free hand out from Obama....Only Friends with benefits get anything!!!  So grow up...not everyone needs to like you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

First time I ever agreed with the palestinians

Well how about that? Gotta give them credit for recognizing an enemy hiding behind that stupid smirk...pretending that he cares about them.....

If I was a Palestinian I wouldn't trust any word an American says. Nor would I entertain one in my land. The US is too apostate to turn back now, we are an enemy of God, because we have aligned ourselves with the enemies of Christ.

The West Bank was supposedly part of Jordan before the Six Day War, the Muslim population living there are so called Palestinians, the Jordanian government does not want them back.The Gaza strip was part of Egypt, the Egyptian government does not want them back either. Why in the world would Israel want them?What genocide? Let us be serious. You have a BIG population growth in Gaza! 3.4 %. UN source.To US Muslims- 90% UNPAID American support ISRAEL.

i guess thier 51% can see threw his BS...

The Palestinians have been brainwashed into only knowing violence, by the same people who use it to murder innocent people. One day I hope they realize that nobody will sit down and discuss peace until the violence stops, and that Hezbollah only wants violence.i hear there was a long line.

#$%$ happens!

Maybe Palistinians are so bad after all?

Puck the Falestinians.

Very fitting, considering that Palestinians are the ((N))iggers of the Arab world, only good to other Arabs for blowing themselves and Jews up.

I bet this won't make the local news.

Good job Palestinians, the more you hate America the more tax dollars obama will steal from Americans and give to you.  Do us all a favor and give obama the benghazi treatment, he doesn't think it is a big deal to burn, torture and murder other Americans so it must be good for him too.  Don't worry obama, Rice and Hillary will scour youtube looking for your offending video.

They should Bill White because that is what the palestinians are, rotting stench.

The only so called Palistinians that should be allowed in Isreal are the NICE ones.

Over 4 billion dollars in aid given since 1995.. think they would be happy....! As it is 400 million a year or one third of their government is paid for by struggling Americans...After 9/11, Americans remember seeing images on the TV of Palestinians dancing in the streets, throwing kisses to the sky, and handing their children sweets to celebrate the occasion.

The Palis are angry with Oblamer for not giving them enough handouts.

Palestinians engaging in violent behavior?  Say it ain't so...

Regional Arabs have a choice ... especially those in the West Bank,welcome Israel with open arms or live with your self-inflicted sorrows.

Ah gee Barack, I thought these were your people, terror, beheadings, teaching children lies and to hate....

Do they not know he's black?....they can't talk about him that way.....do they not understand political correctness?.....do they not know he won the Nobel Peace Prize after 21 days in office?...do they not know how good he is in bracketing basketball?  Do they not know he is the most transparent president America has ever seen?  Do they not know he just wants everyone to pay their fair share of lives?  What can we hope for out of this trip.....hopefully, Israel will show this lazy, lying president how to complete a budget.....if Israeli people doubt me, check with those in Benghazi that he abandoned.

Now you got no shoes #$%$

This of course only when these filthy swine recieved billions in aid first.

they should have painted a big shoe over his ugly face....

What an endearing touch! It is all smoke and mirrors! The Palestinians are overjoyed with their "brother in Arms" coming to visit. It is plain to see how anit-Israeli Obama is. Even the Liberal media was talking about how little was expected to be done from Obama's visit. Why not call a camel a camel? Or Obama an ally to the Muslims? The truth can not be changed.the 3g cell can activate a remote bomb that's why they need it

Hahahahahahahah  another douchbag dictator Murial

The dislike for the "great divider" seems to be growing. Those are "his" people.

It would have been nice to have pictures of the damage done to the banner (if there really was any).  From what I see, I could easily picture just a photoshopped shoe thrower.  I believe our current president is not so easily swayed by all of the Pro-Israeli rhetoric thrown at the USA as some past presidents have been.

Palestinians need to stop acting like a bunch of hooligans and start behaving like civilized people if that is not asking too much.

Lets give them a few more million bucks in aid...they can buy more graffitti and bullets.

What hospitality, emphasis on the spit.Never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity!

I'm no Obama fan but it still make me mad to see them disrespect the president. This is proof of their stupidity, if there was ever an American president that was remotely sympathetic, this is the one.

This man we have as our president has some serious issues...He believes he has all the right answers to every problem,and he can't understand why the whole world doesn't love him...

stoopid a-rabs, He is like you, another mooslim luvin nut case. no wonder you never win at anything, only fooools act like you and only foools suport youz guyz.Geez, Obama's the best friend they've had in the White House for years and STILL they're not happy!

Dr. Ben Carson / Marco Rubio 2016 !!!!

They don't know it ,but these people has to have an Assad.

I think Obama should walk around with no security and try to talk some sense into these peace loving people.

On Wednesday they'll get to do it in person. LOL, #1 Worthless had better have his hockey mask on, theres going to a a ton of shoes flying at him.

Peace loving Palestinians couldn't possibly do this. It was Israeli agents for sure.

It's official- just about everyone has had enough.

"Palestinians vandalize Obama banner ahead of visit"  (yahoo)Wait!...Doesn't the gop keep telling US that President Obama's Muslim?

I am no Obama fan, but this is how the Muslim Arabs in Israel respect the United States itself, regardless of how much money we send to hem.

LMMFAO.......OH No they DIDN"T!!!!!!!!!(their response: Yes We Can!)They put a Boot by his lips!!!!!!!!!!!I always did like the Palestinians....Just when I was warming up to those folks..... NO SOUP FOR YOU!

MOHACADAMIANS NUTS !! ... shouldn't they have been in school !?

Those crazy Palestinians. All they know is destroy, even if it is just a poster.

Is he liked anywhere in the world?

Galaxy Girl,Palestinians and their ilk have a tendency to close an open mind with their behavior.  They conduct themselves in a shameful and barbaric manner.

@Pill white, yada yada yada yada yada .Stick to twinkies.

It is sad that once again Muslims in that region have played on our sympathies and fooled us. Those Arabs belong in Jordan.Those Arabs are over 90% squatters on that land to begin with and have no history, culture, legacy to speak of. Jordan is their home and if they do not want to go to Jordan then let them go back to the Arab lands they were vomited out of originally.Hamas is a blatant example of thuggery and viciousness.I have no sympathy for the Gaza Arabs until they dump Hamas.

Finally Republicans and Palestinians agree!

TERRIFIC, I guess they don't like Obama over there either, lololololololololololol

But we should continue to support the Palis and give them money while condemning out ally Israel.Yes,and that's why we have the right to make funny mohamed cartoons and pictures and burn the koran!

Look closely at the banner....that is a boot placed by Obama's lips.....The picture is correct now.

Are we biased towards Israel?  We were biased towards Israel!  I am not so sure anymore....

ahhh, a fresh new way of reporting.  i like it.

Our President's visit, Israel is cleaning up streets and hanging lights, Palis are doing drive-bys &amp; being vandals. Mr Prez .. AVOID Mohacadamians !!

Ouch! that hurt my feelings Lol It must really suck to not be wanted from your own kind and then harass the people who are willing to help, but with every inch they give you try claiming more, Sorry but you must move on...

carefull with the graffiti, you might get a drone up your #$%$

I may have to revise my opinion of our president (at least slightly). If these vermin hate him, he must be doing *something* right.

OOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMGGGGGGGGG......No One Likes The Muslim, Even The Muslim Themselves Don't Like The Muslim!

How long will take for the American government to realize that the Palestinians hate us no matter how many hundreds of millions of dollars we give them every year, I'll say cut the flow of money to the Frankestilians once and for all.What?  How dare they?  How come Israel hasn't ethnically cleansed them yet?

Maybe the Palestinians are not all that bad, after all

too early to say , who will be super power.. US  or Russian again or China alone or  China with Pakistan.  , if pakistan is part and associate of China as we had Tiawan for USA,  What is next,, is All or part of Erope can sustain chaina MILITARY MIGHT with Pakiastan sendins some nuke with missles? THEY(pakistan was alweays against USA   since day one of its creation  on `14 th August , 1947  , speak nice on face since than but act totally otherway around.. Like to see our GOP to say No more any kind of aid. money or food or any way or manner but  TO DEMAND ALL BACK

The fact that they painted it with Swastikas is a bit telling of their alliances.  Hitler Youth has simply moved to Gaza.

Why would we expect any different from a visit to enemy territory. These crazies/losers celebrated 9-11 and have lost every battle they ever started. Time to stop trying to bribe them to be nice. Cut off all funding and let them deal with Israel. No one wants their nonsense, not the Israelis, not their "Arab" brothers and not us.

Nothing says "I love you " like a shoe in the kisser !!!!!

I guess they don't trust the tourist from Kenya either.

Why are there posters of Obama there in the first place? I find that odd that a poster of a US president is any foreign land?

They have more guts the USA public    Drones would be flown over our homes and cars .

Who cares they are punks anyways,,,,,,nobody likes them either!How dare they risk the wrath of Rachel Maddow and Chris Matthews

On another news: What's happened? No articles today about Monkeychelle Odumbo ???

Good job, Palestinians!

Don't expect anything wise from these people---Things like this is exactly why they are always in a mess---I do agree with them on obamah though...

I thought they were pals.

if thats the way they want it, Obama shouldn't go there. screw 'em!

Would they rather host george bush?

The U.S is losing the M.East ,Iran is gaining.

First time I have agreed with the Palestinians! Good job!

Obama will now get the love that Israel has been getting :)Hey who threw the shoe  Do we need a Drone attack on her?

I respect them for that act civil disobedience.  Need to do more of that in the US.

Even terrorist see through Obama's lies.

Mean while, if an Israeli had done something like this then the flood of condemnations would be relentless and endless. The anti-Israel crowd would be demanding a public apology from Israel and would attempt to use the situation as "leverage" in their quest to segregate Israel from the US. (This is also why they like to bring up the USS Liberty every two to three minutes of their miserable lives.) They would claim that Israel is our enemy and that we should give all our efforts into helping the poor, impoverished, peace-loving, innocent Palestinians (and 'yes' that was sarcasm) ... even though Israel has stood back-to-back with the US in our conflict against terrorism while the Palestinians celebrated 9/11 and hailed Bin Laden as a hero.

I suppose threating to veto their statehood for the last three years and cutting all US aid to them as punishment for asking for statehood, doesn't really make you popular in Palestine.  On the other hand, his initial support for the Palestinian statehood has won him the animosity of all Israelis, even though he has done a complete 180 since then.  Why is he going over there again?  To see if he can't #$%$ off another other group, like the Jordanians?

How can a leader of the U.S.A. be hated by both Israeli and the Palestinians at the same time? Another first for America thanks to Obama.

The Arabs in Gaza and the West Bank prefer war to peace. That's why they engage in acts of terrorism.

Hamass ordered obama to stay away from the Temple Mount or Hamass would declare war in the United States and like a good little muslim toadie Obama will obey.

Just yesterday we read about the palestinian female "law maker" producing Jihadist martyr's to kill Israels and rejoiced in her sons deaths.  Not something open minds want to embrace.

Sweet Home Alabama, you are a disgrace to Alabama.There already is a "palestinian" state. It is called Jordan

Such a peaceful people

Uh....Hm....You know, I'm okay with the Palestinians doing that.... for once. I cannot say that I have a lot of love for Obama, so they may deface his image all they like. I'll not lose any sleep over it.

So I see they feel the same about Obama over there....

im happy to see the world take a stand against obama...what does that show you as an american? HE IS #$%$ UP THIS COUNTRY!

now why would they do that when he clearly gave them more than 63 trillion in money and aid? whats it say about biting the hand that feeds you? we knew they were anti american but he gave it anyways, he is selling us out, and expects us to get upset hes being humiliated? what a foolish man and foolish people.

They have every right to protest.

Palestinians forces fought with Hitler in WWII against the Allies. The Grand Mufti of Jerusalem was a Nazi supporter. He brought their beliefs back with him and Arab Terrorism has a direct link to Nazism.

No 3G until the the West Bank medics confirm no STD was transfered to camels and donkeys.

even obama`s own people don`t like him! LMAOHitler said the Jihadi Muslims would one day devour each other like rats in a cage. That cage is Islamel, and it seems his prophecy is coming true sooner than expected.

If the so-called Palestinians ever controlled the West Bank, will it become another sheet-hole like Gaza ?

Confused, if Palestinian Muslims want to separate themselves form rocket launching Gazan Muslims. Do we have another new Muslim entity called the Arab/Muslim-West Bankians ?

i geuss secretary kerry isnt doing very well over there.they are burning obamas flag. welp, send a tax evader to do a mans job and see what happens, my advise is to stay out of american embassies over there who ever you are.

jeez, not even the palestinians like him.

Libz tell us again how obama is loved in every country......I always get a belly laugh on that one.

Give Israel billions and billions more in aid, Mr President, if you really love da Jews.

US and West have little in common with the values and practices of the muslim world. Its the basis of the problem.  Muslim Arabs are complainers, not self starters and blame everyone but themselves for the social inequality, tribal warfare, lack of balanced economic development and complete absence of freedom in their societies. In the end, its the tribal behavior and religion which is the problem, not the west, not israel, not christians jews or atheists.

Obama is going to Phony It Yp in Israel and the Wesy Bank------At least they aren't foooled by the Dictator Obama like so many stupid LIBERAL Americans

Not sure why more Americans aren't upset at Obama's Control of our Media.  Freedom of Press only if the currrent president allows them to cover it.  Many things getting sweep under his rug that they won;t allow he press to cover.I think that banner looks a little bit like the Devil

The Palestinians have long felt aggrieved by the U.S., accusing it of being biased toward Israel.Since when should any country used to working for what they have, feel any sympathy toward arab squatters who produce NOTHING and leech everything from everyone else just to survive. Arab squatters in judea exist only on the charity of others and here they still demand more!Let them clean their posteriors with their hate filled quran and #$%$!

Them uneducated idiots can't tell their elbows from their #$%$.Neither can the president, but the Mid East is seriously fubared.

Of course they did, what do you expect them to do...welcome  their brother, who denies his ancestory,  home with open arms? I hope they throw a whole store full of shoes at him.

Rigth on brothers,dont let hero-bama in you lands,kick him out...

Palestinians are living dead anyway

the guy wasnt tall enough to complete the hitler mustache - someone give him a boost

There is no palastine just refugees from other arab countries trying to overthrow Israel. No matter how long arabs lie about that it wont change history or the truth

Obama will blame the Koch brothers and Big Oil.

Well yeah -------- Palestinians------- WE DO SIDE WITH ISRAEL. They are not interested in wiping the US off the planet like you are.Looks like the Pali's are a little miffed at BO. Who isn't?

No Mark D, it would just be another Terrorist State for the rest of the world to have to deal with.

Stupid Baboons!  They are showing us how they would run a State if they got one.  Crazy, rabid, Jihadist, Islamic, deadly squirrels.

Palestinians hate everybody equally including themselves so nuke'em and let God sort'em out..

Great even Palestinians have a better understanding of article five than liberals.

Bush's fault as usual.

The San Remo Conference decisions will certainly influence any decision of such a court.the League of Nations Mandate for Palestine adopted in 1922, which is an outgrowth of the San Remo Conference. Article 6 of the Mandate document states: “The Administration of Palestine, while ensuring that the rights and position of other sections of the population are not prejudiced, shall facilitate Jewish immigration under suitable conditions and shall encourage, in cooperation with the Jewish Agency referred to in Article 4, close settlement of Jews on the land, including state lands and waste lands not required for public purposes.”So clearly the Jewish population has a legal right under international law to settle in what was mandated Palestine...and that obviously includes the areas known as the West Bank.International Law is not the simplistic issue so often described here.

this is so funny, paleistine hates the USA, Israel are democrates, they love obama and hiliary.  none of this makes any since.  Israel is not for the republicans at all.

When Palestinians will stop #$%$ against the wind then maybe they will get their own country.(mort de rire)!

since arab countries cannot get asslong withn each other; how can any same individual everexpect them to get along with Israel, The palarabs are 'perennial refugees' who prefer to beconsidered victims . . but have done more to bring misery upon themselves. How pathetic.Irrespective of position in Islam Blacks have always been considered to be the lowest of creatures worthy of being slaves only and Foreign Arabs the Slave Masters.

read the banner their getting ready to hang talk about a hypocrite.

This is not news! This kinda thing happens in the U.S. everyday!

can't stop laughing! how little do the palesimians know he's one of them!  HA HA HA HA!

they must have thought it was the devil coming.

And the Republicon baggers say they love Obama!

an Israeli and a Palestinian state can coexist peacefully. Israel should stop it's program of expansion and work to recognize and establish a Palestine.

Obama is killing innocent Palestinian kids by drone...They should be mad.

It's real sad the Palestinians are viewed as the bad people when there land was stolen by the same people that were dancing on a nearby building when 911 happened. These people were the ( Dancing Israeli's ) remember them ? 5 of them dancing having a good ol' time, high fiving each other, filming this horrific event while good Americans firefighters, police and regular people went down perished in concrete rubble. People in other building saw these Israeli's so happy that us Americans died. The Israeli's knew what was going to happen. Preplanned and well designed. People in this country need to wake up to who are the real terrorists.

These hopeless ,angry people fail to understand policy.Pr Obama is neutral and is touch with reality;it takes time to solve this problem.No one ever imagined that European nations will recognoze Palestine as state.One day Palestinians and Israeli will live in peace and side by side.This will happen with the new generation of young israelis and palestinians,leaving the way  kick out the old criminal leaders of Hamas and israeli old leaders,such natanyahu.One day both leaders of Hamas and Israeli leaders will  face justice and will be accused of crime against humanity.Both leaders use terrorism to commit massacre.Arafat and former israelis should  face the ICC .Natanyahu  and  Hamas leaders should be on the list of war criminal.You Jews need to pay attention to the crimes your Jewish cousins are engaging in Europe with their Central Banks. You need to pay attention to the crimes your Kosher friends are committing on Wall Street. It seems that the Palestinians ain't gonna be your only problem when the SHTF.

'bama better scoot out of there

It's Bush's fault.

ehh I would too.

It's Like A Prison Camp Guard Going To Visit The Prisoners After Visiting And Having Dinner With The Prison Camp's Owner.  Exactly, What Is The Point, Advise Them On How To Be Better Prisoners?

Israel should face UN sanctions for not giving the Palestinians 3G.

Bush got it worse.....he almost got a boot to the mouth in real life!

He Said, "The US, (i.e. HIM...NOT, "We The People") Has Zionist Israel's Back "Unconditionally", So Why's He Even Going To Palestine?"Does Anyone Have An Answer, Or Will You Just Thumb Down The Question?

ahhh the poor  "pali" threw his boot.. now he'll have to walk back home barefoot..... Now he can blame America and Israel for him having to go without boots.

Ummm... I'm not a fan of Obuma either but they are protesting over 3G phone service?  pfffttt!Is the president dropping off another 3 billion dollar check from Israel's friends in Congress?

The Palestinians have long felt aggrieved by the U.S., accusing it of being under Israel boot

israel will be lucky if it gets to keep the 67 borders - this more than a generous offer.

Wonder how much the Mossad paid these "activists" to protest?

hahah...they're just like democratic voters in US...gimmie-gimmie-gimme...

Palestinians vandalize Obama banner there for being pro-Israeli and Republicans would vandalize over here for being Pro-Palestinian; Tea Party Radicals for being "Socialist",  Left-Wing Radicals for being "In League with Captialist Business". Lose, lose. Prez can't win.

has an israeli ever done this yet for some reason we give a #$%$ about these terrorist medieval #$%$

We will be hated there until Israel either goes away or treats them with respect, stops building settlements and gives back some of the land they have taken since 1948.  There will never  be peace there because one side has completely dominated the other side and this president like the ones that came before him allow this to continue.  So they have a right to hate us and they should as we are seen as the big bullies across the ocean that helps Israel keep them down.

Why don't you people keep mobama and we the free will elect a White American President.

I think the timing of the visit is off.  Right now the Palestinians are in a sourpuss mood.  If Obama waits until the anniversary of Sept. 11, he'll arrive in time to see them dancing in the street.I think the timing of the visit is off.  Right now the Palestinians are in a sourpuss mood.  If Obama waits until the anniversary of Sept. 11, he'll arrive in time to see them dancing in the street.

i guess america is the only country dumb enough to accept obama....

Waste of time. Obama and American has failed Palestinians and there  is no need for him to go there and should be unwelcome. There is no different between Bush and Obama and on that, All American Presidents will always close one eye when Israel Violate Palestine and open all eyes when Palestine as for their right.

Zionist entity is still surrounded by the Middle East Islameli Military Occupation forces, the Foreign Fukestinian Arabs are so frustrated by the impossible situation they are in because the IslamoNazi governments support them with welfare money with block votes at the UNGA , with military equipment, etc. And ... Less

The Israelis need to turn off their AM frequency. Clearly the Palestinians have been listening to too much Rush Limbaugh and Glenn Beck.

Ibrahim still lives in the IslamoNazi fantasy world and there is no future for Muslims unless they come back to earth.

Know how to tell good guys from bad guys?  Good guys obey the law bad guys don't.  Israel signed and is in violation of the 4th Geneva convention artical 49.  It says in part "The Occupying Power shall not deport or transfer parts of its own civilian population into the territory it occupies.That is the bottom line.

Hey, don't they remember his Cairo speech? Peace and love brother muslims and all that. Just shows what a pie in the sky clown we have driving the bus.

Paint the kenyens neck Yellow.....

Obama's pandering and bending over for the Islam-o-fascists sure is paying off for him.Obama's pandering and bending over for the Islam-o-fascists sure is paying off for him.

the car in the picture was stolen off a second hand lot in Dearborn,Michigan.

He later died of athletes foot due to poor healthcare. (Should have voted for Obama Ali)

And afterwards, they'll yell, "How come you don't like us!"They have no clue.

Why no mention of this on Yahoo News. . . . .President Obama’s response to Prime Minister Netanyahu’s confirmation that he had been able to cobble together a new coalition government just in time for the president’s arrival was, “I look forward to working with it.”  Unless that was an expression of diplomatic necessity and represents the opposite of what he is really thinking and feeling as he packs his bags for the trip, it can only mean Obama that has already decided that he’s not going to confront a Netanyahu-led Israeli government and its lobby in America in order to kick start a real peace process.Israel now has its most pro-settler and pro-settlement government ever. As Aluf Benn, Ha’aretz’s editor-in-chief, put it:  “The third Netanyahu government has one clear goal: enlarging the settlements and achieving the vision of ‘a million Jews living in Judea and Samaria.’ This magic number will thwart the division of the land and prevent once and for all the establishment of a Palestinian state.” - - - - -

All the atrocities that the Israelis have done and are doing to them and they worry about 3G??? I don't even have 3G and couldn't care less about 3G... They should probably focus in getting their land and freedom back and worry about 3G later...

Obama ~ Puppet of Zionists

"The Palestinians have long felt aggrieved by the  U.S., accusing it of being biased toward Israel."He's NOT Going There With An Open Mind Or A Balanced Scale So Why's He Even Going At All?  He Should Just Visit His Precious Puppet Masters In Zionist Israel.

PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!! REPUBLICANS YOU  MUST  TO WIN IN 2016

They hate him  here over there everwhere even the devil does not have that many hater'sTHATS A WAY TO VOTE

Israel is expendable !!  It has nothing the world wants or needs !!

Mr. Potato Head is loved by no one...maybe someone will throw shoes at him!

These "Palestinians" are nothing more than savage muslim beasts, why the hell does everyone want to make peace with these animals? Can we just #$%$ nuke those savages already?

Looks like a big mole here take a dime and cut that thing Obama.

IJS If He's Not Gonna Have An Open Mind And Is Already "Unconditionally" On Israel's Side, Then WHY Is He Even Bothering To Go To Palestine?

This is not such a big surprise. Muslims violently disagree with each other all the time and even kill each other. Look around the world today and witness how many conflicts involve Muslims against Muslims fighting over nothing.

Why does my government fund support and defend Jewish zealots expansionism and provocation ???  Whats in the deal for the majority of America's citizen sheep ??

Of course we're biased, ever heard of AIPAC?

It's real sad the Muslims are viewed as the bad people when there land was stolen by themselves and were dancing when 911 happened. These people were the ( Dancing Islameli's ) remember them ? Millions of them dancing in the street having a good ol' time, handing out candies, filming... LessOf course the US is biased towards Israel.  The bulk of our Congress is firmly on AIPAC's payroll.

Good for them. I hate that #$%$ in the same manner. He's a cheating lying fraud. The American people are dumb for putting him in twice. Even tho some individuals voted more then once

It will be worse.Spiting up, it will fall on us.Pushing up terrorism, it will fall on us. Nobody needs to bee too much for understand that evidence. We need more honesty and more brain. The mistakes are coming since long time ago, since de Coold War. And have worsened with the drunk Bush's team until this alienated muslim Obumba's team.

Sacha Dratwa - an IDF spokesman smeared on blackface and posted "Obama Style" on his facebook page.

O’ Children of Israel come to salvation. Acknowledge the prophet hood of Jesus and Muhammad. Stop and repent your past and present evil. Follow the teaching of Jesus and Muhammad if you wish security. No A-Bombs can provide you protection. Security and protection only comes by the will of the Lord of the Universe. Koran is full of advice to the children of Israel and shows them how to achieve asylum. It shades lights on their dark path and guides them to the safety and prosperity.What Moses had to say, “ThereforeI say unto you (Jews) the kingdomof God shall be takenaway from you (Jews), and shall be given to a nation bringing forth the fruits thereof?Matthew 21:43 Moses truly said unto the fathers, A prophet shall the Lord yourGod raise up unto you of your brethren, like unto me him shall ye hear allthings what so ever he shall say unto you.” Acts 3:22The worst enemies of the Jews are the Jews.

Do a search on "CIA 6 day war"  After reading that is it extremely clear Israel did not need to start the 6 day war to defend Israel.  Read about mid east water wars.  The only logical conclusion is Israel started the 6 day war to steal land and take water.  Israel is a war crime state.  It's settlements are in violation of international law designed to prevent war to steal land.  So we have a choice support Israeli war crimes and support war to take from other nations. Or back international law that is designed for people to live in peace.

We need palestian immigrants in the us to counter the jewish lopsided immigrant voters directing us policy &amp; congress

Obama is the jews secret hitler who was a jew himself and satanic in allowing drone strikes against children of military age just wait till they arm drones with lazers in the us and fry your brains

“If you have no ‘humanity’ in youThen what good are you?The mindless ‘Sheeple’The ignorant peopleHatred without proper reasonIs surly a slap at freedom?They have no knowledge of theHoly QuranYet want to bash the Noble Prophet (pbuh) and IslamThey hate Muslims mindlessly without knowing the true storyThey even forget victims of USS Liberty and Rachel CorrieThey kill the weak people of the Middle East and the Far EastWithout finding out the ‘Truth’ those mindless Beasts!!!The ‘Truth’ is far from that which is portrayed on the mediaYou can’t even find it in encyclopedia!You need to read the Quran or converse with Muslims to solve the MysteryYour Media has been hijacked, even your Books and HistoryDear God, will they ever understand us?They think Muslims hate them, even though they are the ones who are killing usLittle do they know, little do they understandI wish they were wise enough to comprehendMuslims hate the warmongers, the invaders, the land thievesIf you don't have enough knowledge about us then research please!”

Obama really should move to Gaza or the West Bank.  He needs more training in how to make the U.S. a 3rd world country.  The muslims really do deserve him and his Nobel Peace Prize.  He'll feel right at home once they really get to know him and have much in common with him.  They both hate the USA.Children of Israel are prohibited to have a state of their own. The origin of this prohibition goes back to the time of Moses and was imposed by the lord of Moses. The children of Israel of that era caused countless disobedient and disbelieves and brought upon themselves this wrath. This is exactly what the Jewish Rabbis say. Their history is full of shameful events. The Holocaust is not a myth. It is reality that the Jews brought upon themselves. Much worst is ahead of them if they do not stop their disbelieves and continue their arrogant behavior as before.

seriously,i don't think its safe for him to go there

"Israelis have made the life of Palestinians a living hellMay they burn eternally in hell" (Ameen!)

There they go again. The Palestineans show why they will never have a State. They do the most idiotic things. When you do graffati on a billboard, It shows a lack of respect. Nuke these Camel people.

Foreign Fukestinian Muslims have always acted against their own interest.Today they vandalized a banner of one of their own.

U.S. military aid to Israel was $2.775 billion in 2010, $3 billion in 2011, $3.07 billion in 2012 (and $3.15 billion per year from 2013-2018). Thats' why they hate us so much. get with the program!

The Palestinians know the rotting stench of hypocrisy when they see it !!

There will be no going back to the '67 borders.  The "Palestinians" themselves have assured this!

"Palestinians" are such stupid filth...Of course we prefer Israel.

Israel the land of lecherous carpet bagging Jewish zealots expansionist and provocateurs.  Fools zealots and war profiteers who just can't or won't assimilate to a comfortable life anywhere else on the planet !!I burn effigies of the leader of the cast of the Democrat freakshow weekly.  Good job Palestinians, now if you can really get your Hamas to do something right for a change, and the "Hawaiian" freak will not be coming back home any time soon.

Yahoo is ONLY ALLOWING pro-islamic/muslim/sharia law/palestinians to comment. Contact Board of Directors at Yahoo and demand Mariss Mayers be FIRED immediately for violating rights to free speech!

Israel the land of carpet bagging Jewish zealots expansionist and provocateurs !!

Bethlehem is still surrounded by the Israeli Military Occupation forces, the Palestiniansare so frustrated by the impossible situation they are in because the USA governmentsupports Israel with money with vetoes at the UN , with military equipment, etc. Andyou want them to behave amicably to the USA President with respect . Who is theJewish comedian who says , he does not get no respect ? Oh Rodney Dangerfield. Andthe Palestinians don't get no respect . They just want the money off their back.

2 people deface a poster and the tea party is as close to orgasmic bliss as they have ever been. lol.

How much did the democrats pay      the Palestians to do that

FALSE FLAG ALERT!Mossad will assassinate Barry on this trip to blame on Iran!  Keep your eyes peeled for jews dressed as muslims!

Blah, blah, blah Jews....Blah, blah, blah banks....Blah, blah, blah conspiracy.. Just remember these #$%#$% Arabs are the one's Osama is trying to help.. Good luck, they are not civilized.

PAID computer TROLLS of Marissa Mayers-CEO/Yahoo are deleting comments that educate people on the REAL Koran/Quran and Sharia Law-please contact Board of Directors for Yahoo and demand she be removed immediately for violating our USA FREEDOM

Jesus said to the jews:John 8:44 New International Version (NIV)44 "You belong to your father, the devil, and you want to carry out your father’s desires. He was a murderer from the beginning, not holding to the truth, for there is no truth in him. When he lies, he speaks his native language, for he is a liar and the father of lies."Yes, I know that chapter well. Jesus is speaking to the Pharisees, not all jews. Just the evil leaders &amp; rulers that were perverting God's laws.The smart move would be to send palestinians extra $750 mil this year.

LOL the palestanians and the tea party have more in common than we thought. lol.

Why Israel is banning 3G frequency.....Oh I forgot, it's a security threat.

WHO CAN BLAME THEM

"It is the duty of Israeli leaders to explain to public opinion, clearly and courageously, a certain number of facts that are forgotten with time. The first of these is that there is no Zionism, colonialization, or Jewish State without the eviction of the Arabs and the expropriation of their lands."-- Ariel Sharon, Israeli Foreign Minister, addressing a meeting of militants from the extreme right-wing Tsomet Party, Agence France Presse, November 15, 1998.the jews know they are stealing the land..and no one does anything.. Home of the free America..or is it home of the debt enslaved?America should not sponsor anyone or any race whos only goal is to murder or steal from the poor. so ask yourself, how would you react America if someone came into your house and said.. we own everything the house..the land.. and everything in it and on it..get out take nothing... welcome to what America sponsored against the Palestinians.. all for those wonderful jews..the same ones who enslave america thru "usary debt".. google it America its the jews dirty little secret.

If displeasure was shown by Ashkenazim then heading would have been "Holocaust survivors protested Obama banner ahead of visit".See the magic of paid media men.

That is what you get if you don't denounce the Israeli occupation Mr. President.

Good job Palestinians. Obama isn't on your side. He fights for the evil Jews.

Dress a jew in a turban and what do you get?  A muslim.Dress a muslim in a yarmulke and what do you get?  A jew.They're identical except for their hats.Silly semitic cousins forever feuding like a bunch of backwoods hillbilly rednecks!The world is sick of it.

We must retake our land and drive the filthy Palestinians into the sea. G_d has commanded it.