What kind of parents does his kid have?

MAC 10 are expensive and hard to get.

Wth are kids thinking these days!?! I was scared to carry the wrong kind of pencil to school!!

I want to hear the follow up story about how a 12 yr old gets his paws on a MAC-10. I think the parents have some 'splaining to do. They're probably flushing $20k of coke and meth as we speak. Orlando is a hell hole. I live in FL. If you aren't on Disney property, you may be in a really bad area of town. The inmates kind of run the asylum over there.

His dad is going to be soooo #$%$ off, at 12 a kid knows better.

Yeah this definately lies on the parents

How in the Devil did a Kid get a Mac 10....I cannot even buy one of those....you have to have a FFL to have one..or be a Drug Runner...

MAC 10?  I smell gangbanging homeboy.

Jamaal, did you take Momma's gun again?

I guess 'machine pistol' is going to be the new media term for the sheep.Who are the Parents?

12 Years old, guess mom and dad just leave their weapons laying around the house!. They should be arrested for child endangerment!!!.

Machine pistol? It was a fully automatic machine gun, or are you the media, already screwing up another story of a semi-automatic firearm. A mac-10 is also classified as a 9mm semi-automatic handgun.

A Machine pistol is this an asault weapon or is it just a gun

I would like to know more about the Stellar parents of this future crime lord , they must be so very proud.

Well folks, there is a lot missing here a Mac10 auto pistol is a fully automatic firearm all fully automatic firearms have been banned since the 30s, how in the world did a 12 year old get passion of one.  They are very rare and can only be owned with a  [class 3 ] I think federal firearms license.

As a Floridian.. I haven't been in Orlando since Disney first opened..it is crime ridden..gangbangers paradise! Couldn't pay me to visit... dang and it was just a tiny town before Disney built there!  Too sad ol Florida... love it or leave it...kids are dumber than dirt here..lol!

They need a bigger gun free zone sign

" Aw, man, I had the best show and tell ever planned."

This is an incomplete story....where did the weapons come from?  Were the parents arrested?  Come on Yahoo.....step up your damn reporting game!"Man what did you get for lunch? "My daddy's UZI.."Maybe the child grabbed the wrong lunch, happens all the time.

Is it just me or does the media seem to have a quota that they have to have at least one gun story a week????

Find out whose guns they are , prosecute  .Not difficult .

Gee, where can I get a MAC-10.  That's a fully automatic military weapon not sold in the USA unless you have a special Federally issued license to own a fully automatic weapon, which the Feds are very restrictive with.So, it's illegal.  Daddy, or someone the 7th grader borrowed it from, is in big trouble, unless...wait, daddy may be FBI, CIA, NSA or one of the other government agencies, because they are about the only guys that would have one of these, unless this is from Attorney General Holder's "Fast and Furious" gun trading probram resulting in hundreds of lost weapons, many of which found their way back into the USA.  Tell me it ain't so?

Need to check where he got it,orlando is as bad as Chicago I don't have to tell you why(Gangs)

unfortunately you can't legislate against bad parenting!

Gun safe anyone?

a true mac-10 is worth over 20 k.

how else was the kid supposed to get spending money?

time for mom and dad to spend a few days in jail contemplating the finer aspects of child rearing..So much for the efficiency of gun laws. Now do what needs to be done and arrest the parents. If my parents had ever found a gun among my possessions when I was 12, I would have been beaten senseless.

OK HOW did this kid get the guns?  If, they belong to his parents and they did not keep them secured they need to be charged with some type of felony.  I am all for gun ownership, BUT if you own a gun you are responsible for keeping it out of the hands of your kids or other mentally deranged  relatives.

Is this some type of in style" thing to do" with kids these days?

It is clear that backpacks and schools and stupid parents need to be banned. Politicians need to enact legislation quickly on this!

Oops dad is going to be #$%$*ed

MAC-10's sold in the U.S. are 45 cal or 9mm semi automatic pistols. Not machine pistols.It just a big, cumbersome, over sized hand gun. Who writes this liberal drivel!  I read one this morning. Some a-holes had a 22 rifle. The reporter called it a "Tactical rifle" What is wrong with you newies anyway? You are supposed to report news not make it up! I miss the old days when reporters did just that. Walter? whatever happened to the news industry?

two more undocumented guns taken off the streets!

" including a fully loaded MAC-10 machine pistol"...You mean like completely loaded?  Wow...the media really loves this stuff.

And exactly how did this child obtain these wonderful guns.  Did he mysteriously  get them out of thin air or could he have got them from safety conscientious gun owner parents.

People who follow existing law are not going to have MAC-10s in their collection.  Sounds like a gang banger family to me.  These are people who don't bother following any law and will get any gun they want, despite all the restrictions placed on everyone else.If he had a machine pistol, then why wasn't he charged as such? Dollars to donuts says he had a semi-auto look a like and they are just calling it a machine pistol!!!

If he got a ' D ' on his math test it may have been a different story !

what the hell,where would a 12 year old get a mac10 and why?this world is going to hell in a hand basket ,it isnt right.

The only problem I have with the story is when they use the term "machine pistol" which, just like "assault style" rifle is kind of Hollywood slang – not an actual technical description. It makes it sound as if the Mac 10 is fully automatic, and it does come in that version but the full auto is not legal to sell to the general public without a special federal license. I'm just saying.

do you think the drug cartels use "mules"just to transport drugs?

A Machine pistol?Do they mean he had a fully automatic pistol?Or do they mean he had a typical semi automatic that was made to look scary?

While the mother was in line for her monthly welfare check and the father is unknown to all.

And the paretns???   Where did this kid get the guns?  Sorry "journalism"....once again telling only a small part of the story.

"Police said a preliminary investigation found the boy did not intend to harm any students"Was it for show and tell then? If your 12 yr old doesn't know not to bring a gun to school then either you are a lousy parent or something is wrong with your kid.

I agree with two arguments, one from each side of the aisle:1 - Schools should be protected by armed guards or police officers2 - Thorough background checks should be an obligation, this to keep crazy A holes from getting armed.What's wrong with these two arguments?Anyone care to peacefully debate?You can tell he is poor, Mac-10. Us rich kids had Glock 18-C's..

Mac-10?  Gotta be a black kid with drug dealing daddy.

Ever notice on these articles when guns are used to kill or are taken to school all the gun-banning freakazoid libnutz are on here screaming to ban guns? BUT, when there is an article where someone was killed on a bus, in a car, with fireworks, etc. and anyone says anything about banning THAT item these same people are on there telling everyone to "stop using this to further your political agenda", "this isn't the time or place for your comments; this is a tragedy" or the ever-popular "must you bring politics into everything, even something as tragic as this" and, of course, the "this person has a family that they are leaving behind to suffer alone; they don't need to see your stupid comments about banning things right now. Give it a break". I just wondered if anyone else had noticed the total hypocrisy they demonstrate.

Just what the U.S.A. needs, more guns. Shoot each other and get it over with. The rest of us could use the natural resources and food.

Both students were not white.  Are ya seeing patterns yet.

Police said a preliminary investigation found the boy did not intend to harm any students, OH, then what was he going to do with them ? bring them to the principals office and turn them in for a gift card to walmart. Wow. And what gun law would have stopped this kid.

Gee, lets not profile these muslims.

I bet the neither 12 year old or the collage kid are/were members of the NRA.

This 12 yr. old is a hero and should be paraded around Nascar races and Tea Tard rallies !

ban high capacity sodas!!Doesn't the constitution guarantee anything that crawls out of a woman's hole the right to bear arms in America? I never read anything about an age limit.  Arm the basturds at birth. YEEEEHAAAAW!

Who was the tipster and how did they know? Yahoo! Must do a better job digging into RELEVENT facts.

"We love more lead down range" says the NRA.

Kudos to those of you who knew what a Mac-10 was...I agree mommy and daddy are gangsters.

sercurity official :"armed guard" looks like the N.R.A. was right.

He was just being prepared to STAND HIS GROUND.

By tomorrow the news media will have changed this story to say that this kid had a fully loaded full auto AR in his sack.

yawn.. after taking a few days off, the liberal media is back in full force on their 2nd amendment vilification so that the salivating, mind-numbingly stupid liberal notsees (sic) can scream and howl while trying to shove their fascist #$%$ down everyone's throats... again.A "MAC-10"? LOL I don't think so, those are all but gone. Only Central American guerillas and freedom fighters, or American gang pukes, even have those anymore, except maybe a rare firearms collector in the U.S. Let's see... Miami.. where lots of hispanics live.. no mention of the boy's name or indication of race.. that means he's not white, so the conclusion is... he's either the son of a Drug Lord and stole his dad's guns or he IS or is the sibling of, an hispanic gang puke and got the guns from them. Sorry liberal losers, but you lose again. criminals don't obey laws and thus, no anti-gun lunacy will stop them.

Look gun nuts, lets at least agree that a 12 year old should not be allowed to carry a mac-10.

He was heard yelling " out of my cold dead hands "Well at least it wasn't for a pop tart in the shape of a gun. When I was in the 4th grade I brought the 410 shot gun my grand father bought me for x-mas for show and tell. Grand mother called school to let them know. They said no prob but she carried it in along with one bullet school said fine on both as long as the bullet did not go in the gun. I showed both with she took the gun home and put it under my bed where it lived and the box of shells in my drawer. And with permition I could use it to hunt , target shoot what ever when ever. I was taught gun safety and respect. Those where the days when kids showed respect and got there a&amp;&amp; busted when they didnt. At school and at home.

Guns, Guns, Guns...

YEP, J ... will be the new hype word for the lefties.

daddy I need something for show and tell sure son take my guns ok daddy bring me a beer while you gets my guns boy

Now tell me again why the Liberals are against having security personel at schools.

Nice work officials, time now to talk to the parent/s!!!

Upon discovering that both of the boy's parents were registered white Republicans, the police determined that he did not intend to harm anyone. He was just trying to emulate Black Ops 2 and felt that he needed a secondary weapon to go along with his primary weapon. He was unable to locate any bouncing bettys.

I thought this article was about a 12 year old who brought guns to school not a former Univ of Central Florida student. Stick to the story Reuters and if there is a need for a second story then write a second one.

Again we see once something is outlawed the criminals ignore the law.....

young gunslinger two gun pete want his 2nd amendment rights just any other teabaggerDaddy must be a cop...

How could this happen?  Those "No Guns" signs on the doors of the school are supposed to keep guns out.  They have to.  They just have to.

MAC-10........ really???? This kid filming Die Hard 6? You don't find the bombs odd? What are ya'll doin down there in FLA-FLA-flippin-loopyda?

Where the hell is his parents?Probably at their drug deal.HOW THE HELL DOES A 12 YR OLD GET A MAC10 holy #$%$.Drug dealers and gang bangers are about the only ones that have them.Explain this story to me liberals,oh I know the guns climbed into his bookbag by themselves.

Where are the parents? How did he get a hold of the guns? Idiots should not reproduce!

All twelve years old should carry guns to school to protect from bullys

Even pointing a protractor the wrong way got me the spanking. Now you have children with loaded guns. Parents, you have a story for me, don't you???

there are mac 10's that arent full auto too.typical reporters spouting unconfirmed info.stop letting democrats write gun articles.

Hurray for the liberal media!!! With all this hype,If I was still in school.I would be carrying a gun to protect myself from all the wacko's they are creating!!!!

No need for an assault rifle when you've got a Mac-10, eh? Is this sort of thing really what the right wing 'gun advocates' want in the schools?A 12-year- old in grade 7?  Sounds fishy to me.

How many rounds did the clip hold? Was he or his parents a member of the NRA? Did they conduct a background check on him? We have laws you know and we even require criminals to obey them the same as law abiding citizens do. Now tell us about his and the family back ground and race. Lets look at the parents tax records also and see if they are good democrats and paid their taxes or maybe they are bad republicans and didn't pay anything .

How does a twelve year old get a mac 10?

I was stabbed with a pencil #2 Lead and Scissors by the time I was in the 7th grade.....for burping and making arm farts.....

Kick his #$%$ out of ALL schools and put him in jail. He will end up there anyway Why wait till he kills someone

It would be nice if the article told us WHY the child brought the guns to school in the first place. At 12 years old he had to know that this might just cause a problem....

If Yahoo is telling me this,,,, then I don't really believe it.   I will wait for the police to have a press conference and then make up my mind about it

Violence especially gun violence is the mainstay of our entertainment and the more gruesome and the higher the body count the better. And we are just saturated with it.  Then we ask ourselves; Oh me .. Oh my... why do our 12 yr. olds take guns to school.

If only the teachers had had some guns, they could have blown this kid away.

The press is jumping all over every single shooting and gun incident these days. When your guns are gone, blame the liberal press. LOL.I want a MAC 10 machine pistol. Nice.

"Police said a preliminary investigation found the boy did not intend to harm any students. The other weapon was a handgun,"Well, that's comforting, I guess. (Sarcasm) You don't have to INTEND to kill someone with the gun which you accidentally dropped on the floor and then went off, but folks're just as dead when the bullet goes thru them.

Not too much to this story. Don't know if the guns were loaded and why the heck did he feel compelled to bring them to school in light of what is going on... is he from another planet or just an idiot?!

Whom brings a loaded weapon to school but has the audacity to say " the boy did not intend to harm any students"..... what a crock of hooey..... accountability to the student.... and the parents...

Only a good boy with a gun can stop a bad boy with a gun, hm?

He probably had to walk home from school that day and was afraid of meeting George Zimmerman.

He probably has a carry permit

..."Police said a preliminary investigation found the boy did not intend to harm any students"...yeah, probably his intention was fending off wild animals on the way to school !...unbelievable...

NRA would say: still no need for gun control, the boy has mental illness, just an isolated case.

Amazing...The idea to take  a gun to school...and from a 12 year old. His parents probably having a stroke now.I dont know what this kid was thinking , I agree with everyone else on the parents , the kid got the Mac 10 somewhere....

with all that has been going on in schools, who says that kid wasn't going to go off on some students and or teachers. he brings not one gun but two and one was loaded. sorry but make an example of this kid and keep him in juvy for 5 years. this has to stop now even though it is way out of hand. notice not before is out of hand.

I agree DC, How does a 12 year old get a hold of a fully automatic type 2 firearm?Mommy and Daddy have lots of splainin to do.

I agree with Jim, it was probably a sleazy plant by the democrats.  Find the source and imprison them for the rest of their life!!

The kid broke about a dozen state and federal gun laws.  Now, lemme see, is it that one more gun law would have prevented this?  Maybe the kid just didn't bother reading the laws on the books, and if he had read them he wouldn't have done this?  Maybe we should question the person that did the background check on the kid before selling him the weapons?

No 10year old kid can get a mac10 without some adult commie/liberal/gay supporter putting it in his hands. Use you damn heads.....

His parents are registered Democrats..just like the rest of the shooters have been. These people will sacrifice anything to promote the Liberal cause and disarm all of us so we can be the new slaves and not have a desert to roam in for fourty years....

All twelve years old should carry guns to school to protect from bullys

Can you say " yo yo yo"?

See what you created Obama with your anti gun laws. You have created a new fab among kids. You have people worried, So now they are going out with a bang!lock this puppy and his dad up

Eight out of ten chance this child is fatherless.  Ten out of ten chance this fact will never once be mentioned.

If God didn't want there to be guns in this student's backpack, he wouldn't have put them there.

He had two weapons, including a machine pistol, and didn't intend to use them? Yeah, right.

i  think the owner of the  guns should face charges as well  because he  or  she  not  only have  the right to own them and  should  be hold  responsibility  for  them as  well

Just another NRA supporter.

Kid been listnin to too much eazy e

What is this kid doing carrying a backpack to school?

It seems to me alot of problems would be solved if a lot more HOME SCHOOLING were promoted to not only ease the tax burdon on comunities , with one parent staying home to school thier own children we would not need the high cost schools,teachers,bussing,excess traffic,and so on. the saveings alone would buy a computer for every student in the country to use as home school tool and guess what so many problems solved like with one parent off the employment line more familys would have a fully employed parent and the tax burdon would be erased. ther would be endless possibilities and the kids would be safer at home..

Way to go mom and dad. Maybe you should be charged just for being stupid.This is an outrage! They should make a law making the possession of guns by minors on school campuses illegal!... Oh wait! They already did that!

Its the NRA's wet dream

I guess this kid passed the back ground check at the local gun dealer.

Some one tell me please what the difference between a machine pistol and a machine gun is don't they both fire automatically and are they both asault weapons

The NRA would like to see all the kids packing heat. And the teachers. In fact, pretty much everyone needs to pack heat at all times. The more guns the better.

Where in this article does it say that his parents were also arrested?  No where!  They should be in the cell next to him.

If these kids were wiping out their own families instead of strangers I bet momsy and popsy would do a better job of keeping them secured.

Our children  are conditioned from birth that gun violence is the way to solve your problems. It's almost impossible to turn on a TV without having a gun stuck in your face or seeing a pile of dead bodies. We don't need gun control we need some responsible citizens in the media.

Ban backpacks.

Obviously the gun was legal so why is anyone surprised.  He didn't mean to harm anyone, then why did he bring a loaded gun, why wasn't the gun in a locked cabinet, where are his parents.  I don't care how you slice it, if a gun is in the home and is legal, there is always the chance that someone can get their hands on it and do something stupid.Gotta be a black kid you say? Next mass shooting or the next time i hear about someone shooting up a daycare or elementary school ill just say huh must be a little spoiled white boy

The NRA would be proud.

Another proud parents of the NRA.

There is no way it was a real MAC-10.  Those sell for around 3 to 4 thousand dollars, minimum, and require a bunch of paperwork.  He probably had a semi-auto knock off, but that isn't the point.  To the Media: STOP reporting on things you have no idea about.  And if you have to, get your damn facts and term straight BEFORE printing.  The media does nothing but make things worse.

Why the excitement?  We all know that guns don't kill people, people kill people.

where do they learn this ? our wonderful media glorifying criminals ? lets start hanging these sycos high in the streets to put fear back in these children !

Wake UP America. We don't have a gun problem, we have a parenting problem. Who lets their 12 yr old go to school with 2 firearms in their backpack?

And this is news why?  Every child should bring his or her gun to school.  It should be encouraged!

so did anyone get the cheat codes he used to spawn that mac10? gees

KIds today think that don't have to anwer for there wrong if coporal punishment and god were put back in the schools thins would straighten up pretty quickly.eepecial prayer-....Whatever happened to the days of bow and arrows?...

Well, they said to arm everyone in schools. Is it his fault nobody else listened?

a 12 year old doesnt need a back ground check to get a assault gun, no any new kind of laws can prevent a juvenile from obtaining any kind of firearm...they toddlers just find them........

Wonder what happen if you bring a water pistol and put wee wee in it and shot a bully?

It's only a matter of time before an 11 or 12 year old goes on a mass killing spree at a school.

who cares if was fully automatic or semi..he was 12 years old javing gun and he was 12 years ild having 2 guns and bringing then to school! and after all whats happened not even long time ago this 12 years old idiot has to be mentaly #$%$ sick psychopat and very soon be killer!! Another amercan idiot or american psycho?

its says gun was fully loaded

Are u kiddin me? My question is still same what the hell this sick americans kids and teens drinking or eating that makes that want to kill some one .There is no country not even middle east third word country full of sick people like is this country!

A 12-year oild packing heat. That should make the NRA #$%$-lickers happy.

The NRA's solution to the problem of guns was more guns. Proof, again, there's no cure for stupid.If state license tests for mental illness were valid, no NRA member would have a gun.

i would say 10 years for each weapon would be about right....kids need to learn that video games ...and real world.....are not the same

The gun was planted by the same person that called in the 'tip' assuming this mystery student with no further background or motive even existed.   Likely a Democrat looking to make more headlines for their agenda.

And this is why I am anti-gun.

How does a 12 year old get a machine pistol? It would appear he has some careless gun owners in his house. The NRA: Protecting your rights by arming idiots?

Guns make us safer? On 1/11/2013 a woman was arrested for carrying a loaded handgun into a High School. During an entrance scan, school police found a semiautomatic inside the infant's diaper bag, with a round in the chamber.  She told police she did not know the gun was there.

A MAC10?   Where did he get this from. Maybe he wanted to have his own protection . No problem all you need to do is chect to make sure he has a receipt for the purchase.   HAHAHAHA

It's Florida and that boy is the NRA !

another religious person going nuts. when you teach kids that anything in your imagination is reality, and you make morals based on fairy tales instead of logic, this is the only outcome. we need to segregate the religious so they kill each other off while the world leaves in peace. I'm tired of being sucked in the religious fairy tale wars. they are by definition insane.

He was just standing his ground.The little feller was just being prepared in case some lunatic showed up at the school with bad intent!

Let me guess, a black kid no doubt...great parents...welfare leeches!!

Someone is trying to set this kid. Who is/are the tipster(s)?

The NRA wanted to arm everyone at school. Why is it his fault no one else listened

Here's something that seems insane: in many states an individual can purchase numerous semiautomatic weapons, but it's illegal for him to purchase fireworks. The NRA must be stopped.

White people are losing their minds!

Another massive fail for the NRA

if every child and every employee were armed at our schools this would not be a problem but Obama took everyone's gun so sad!