Anything that Fat Al Sharpton and/or Mumbling Jesse Jackson are coneected with =B-O-G-U-S. By the way Fat Al, when are you going to give the world the REAL FACTS of the Tawana Brawley case? You promised them years ago and we're still waiting.

Sharpton must smell a pay day or he would not waste his time

How many crooks in the front row?

Pretty much any 'protest' that shows a picture of Rev. Al Sharpton front-dead-center I tend to take with a grain of salt.Not because he is a rabble rouser, but because he has a history of supporting false claims and whipping up racial tensions to get his face in the news.

Why doesn't Rev. Al tell his community to stop leading the nation in violent crimes, domestic violence, unwed mothers, gang membership, car thefts, etc., etc.  So tired of the lack of self responsibility and not holding yourselves accountable for your own actions!

this story reminds me of the time I was in the grocery and I saw this blk dude shouting @ the police that " he aint did nuttin " as $50 worth of steak fell out of his pants .

On one hand, the citizens want police protection but on the other hand, they say, "Don't stop me and search me." I say to the officers, "Continue to do your job and tell Al to catch a cab back to wherever he came from".

I think Sharpton should go to Detroit why this city was destroyed by the people that is 90% black.

If youdont want to be stereo typet then stopp being the stereo type

More racist propaganda from Sharptongue and Jackson, look in prisons and see what the racial breakdown is...So lets get this strait, black people think like this:  If 70% of all planes crashed, we should have to inspect trains because it wouldn't be fair to only inspect planes.  That would be mechanically racist.  This is just crazy.

When 71.2% of NY city street crime is committed by one ethnic group, why should it be a surprise to anyone that a majority of stop, question, and possibly frisk be of that same ethnic group, when acting in a suspicious manner?

Crime is overwhelmingly in minority neighborhoods. Then we need more crime in well to do areas, Can't have the poor folks having all the crime

Rev. Al doesn't want crime to stop and the police to do their job.  If he did, he would support the efforts of the police and the community instead of hindering it and calling it racism and profiling.  Without this sort of issue, Rev. Al would go broke.

If Sharpton and Jackson are against it, it must be a good policy.

Rev. Jesse Jackson, let's talk about that crooked son of yours , they should have frisked him a lot sooner.

If Sharpton's against something; I am for it. Didn't even read the article. I saw Sharpton's picture so I love "Stop &amp; Frisk"

Crime will shoot up to the Dinkins era levels if this effort is successful - 2000+ murders a year.

Terry v. Ohio established that an officer needs reasonable suspicion to conduct a frisk/pat down.  Reasonable suspicion occurs only when the officer can articulate facts that indicate the person is committing a crime, has just committed a crime, or is about to commit a crime.  Absent those criteria, the pat downs are unlawful under the 4th amendment of the US Constitution.

Doesn't stop and frisk beat stop and shoot on sight?If these people have any sense, they would distance themselves from Sharpton and Jackson. Anywhere those two go, there is trouble. They will start it and have their faces all over the media, but if they find out they are wrong, they will not apologize - just slink back into the holes they come out of

I would be against it too if Sharpton weren't leading thecrowd....

It is actually white old ladys in disguise committing all the crimes .

Stop committing 70% of crime in America and there would be no reason to stop you.  If 70% of airplanes crashed, you would be for stopping and checking all airplanes before they crashed. Change you thug, welfare attitude and the attitude toward you would be changed!

I see old Al Sharpton front dead center, &amp; Jackson Sr. somewhere around, so you know right off the bat they're up to their old race baiting, bias, games again. If they would do something positive in getting blacks to stop violent crimes, unwed mothers, gang banging, etc. and take responsibility for their actions instead of blaming whitey- they'd be a lot better off.

So, stop and frisk has been found to be legal,and the Police are using it in high crime areas,and of 23,000,000 contacts with the public and last year there were 531,000 are stop (half)-and-frisks, or 2.31%.And the MurderRate is down by 75% from the 90s.Additionally, they make a big deal about the racial category percentage stopped vs the population of the city break down.But they should have also provided the racial breakdown of the High Crime Areas in the city.

Yep, thats the answer, lets call it racial based and everyone will back down. If a black male is spotted commiting a crime and the police start looking for a black suspect, its racially motivated. If a white man commits a crime and the police start looking for a white suspect, it doesn't make the news as a racial incident.

So when a cop does not frisk a person now because he is afraid he will be labled and then him, his partner, or an innocent bystander gets killed, who will protest then?

It is a reputation blacks have earned.

If Blacks and Hispanics want to be perceived differently, they need to ACT differently. Right now, the shoe fits... so wear it!Rev. Al Sharpton cannot really be a Rev. anyone that plays the race card every chance he gets. Spreading hate and discontent. If there were no race issues he would be out of a calling.

Must be some money to be made, Al Sharpton is there.

here we are again with the race card being played. So is it a racial issue if a black cop stops another black person and frisks them or is it racial for a hispanic cop to stop another hispanic person and frisks them. Or is it only a racial issue if a cop who is another color or race from the person they are stopping and frisking them and asking questions. Sure I'm not saying that there are not racial issues going on everyday. The question is if someone no matter what their color or race maybe looks as if they are trying to hide something or is acting in a strange way. that they should not be stopped and questioned. if you ask a bleeding heart liberal they will say no leave them alone. And then what happens when they are left alone and they kill someone or rob, rap or what ever else that is a crime. Who is to blame then. The cops because they didn't do their job. How are they to do their job if they are limited.

sooo according to the Race Pimps , even though blks are responsible for 80% of our crime they can only be 13% of the stops ? can you say " Crazy Town " ?

i think the cops should just stop doing ANYTHING at all!!

They always compare racial percentage breakdowns to the whole city but never break it down by community. If you did then the breakdown would have the whites as a smaller percentage and the black and Hispanics as an overwhelming majority. If 80% of the major crimes happen in the black or Hispanic parts of the city then they will make up close to 80% of the ones stopped and frisked. Guess they want the NYPD to act like the TSA and frisk 80 year old white women so they can feel better. That or they liked the 2,000 annual deaths before S &amp; F.

I saw Al Sharpton in the picture and it made me want to skip this article altogether.

Frisk that guy in the middle, betya his a packin.

You act like a THUG, you should be FRISKED like a THUG!!!

Big Al the race pimp. What a guy! Would you let the idiot babysit your dog?Does Al Sharpton do anything else but march???  Everytime you see him he is marching with some group no matter what the cause is

The lead photograph looks like a crime wave in itself.

OMG! look who is in the center of the picture again. Poor Al Sharpton needs to get a real job.

Wow, imagine if they marched against crime like that every weekend until the crime rate dropped.. Nawww lets march againt the ones preventing the crimes.

People wouldn't be stopped and frisked if the weren't doing  over 80% of the crime.  If Sharpton's against I'm for it.

well if they dont like it STOP THE FLASH MOBS

well, if the profile of criminals that are busted is a certain look, and people continue to dress and act like that certain profile, then it's a YOU problem....how many black men in business suits are frisked??

Sorry if this sounds racist but, most crimes are commited by blacks, it's not racial profiling it's just fact...

The Segregation Party the Demorat Party is out dividing the country again. “Only 10 percent of all stops result in arrest” what was the ratio of those arrested? “10 percent of New Yorkers committing crimes” I always knew NYC was full of crooks.

Yet another anti Constitutional anti citizen campaign by Michael Bloomberg. This evil person needs to be stopped. Needs to be tried and jailed for his anti humane campaign.This race card is bull. When 75 % of an area is a certain race, guess who get's stopped ?That's right. A certain race. It's not personal. Stop loitering.

it should be called statistical profiling.. truth is its the "non white" group thats doing most of the gun related crimes.. who you gonna check, the old white dude in a suit and tie or the little thug with his pants hanging around his #$%$ sporting his gold teeth and gangsta tats??

It's always a racist thing because a majority of crime and violent crimes are committed by minorities.In particular blacks and hispanics.If they don't want or don't like how the police do it then form your own contol groups and stop your own race from commiting so many crimes.

Rev. Jesse Jackson, call it profiling or racist if you want (which is how you make your living, stirring up trouble) fact is the police have good reason to do the checks (98% of the crimes is done by your little innocent sheepies.)

Blacks are more racist now than the past.  Thanks to Obummer, why didn't you lead the parade.

Lot of people in that picture look like they should be frisked especially the first row.

I'd PAY a cop to frisk ME ! WOO HOO !

Instead of being stopped and frisked New Yorkers will be raising their hands in submission when some goon sticks a gun in their back.

"About half the people who are stopped are subject only to questioning. Others have their bag or backpack searched. And sometimes police conduct a full pat-down. Only 10 percent of all stops result in arrest, and a weapon is recovered a small fraction of the time."In other words, their own statistics show that most of the time they're popping people on drug violations, not stopping terrorists, which was the only reason they've received any judicial leniency until now.

Who is that $#it throwing monkey in the middle?I really need all the black people in this country to understand that having Al Sharpton or Jesse Jackson on your side is actually a bad thing. You lose all credibility when they arrive on the scene. Real talk.

Hey,the race card doesn't work anymore.The president of the U.S.A. is black.There's no more #$%$ excuses of I couldn't get a break because i'm black or whatever.If a black man can become president then everybody has got a shot at something.......P.S.If al Sharpton is a rev.then i'm the Pope.

Let's see... there are three white females in the front line, and NONE in the rest of the photo... and two white males back in the group... ALL the rest are minorities. If I visited a state or federal prison, I would see similar proportions. That appears to be more a case of 'probable cause' than 'racial profiling'.

Frisk Sharpton, more than likely he's packing iron. He knows his people.

It's called doing their job.  If a police officer sees someone standing around with no specific purpose there is no harm in conducting an interview to determine that persons intent.  If the individual continues to show signs of possible illegal activity then it is in the best interest of the officer and the community to determine if the subject is in possession of a weapon or other illegal items.

Being stopped and frisked for no reason is unconstitutional. However, if the people who were stopped were on probation or parole, then they are subject to a "Terry Stop". So which is it? The article is not clear, but getting screwed with by police for no reason is one of the most aggravating things that can happen to you. I work nights so it has happened to me several times.

Frisk me, put on the shackles &amp; lite me a cig. Friday night date.

AP and Race Pimp Sharpton,  Why don't you include the statistics of what race the police officers are that are stopping and frisking?  Is it racial profiling for a black police officer to stop a black person?  Is it racial profiling for a black officer to stop a Hispanic person...stop a white person?  Why do you make a big deal out of race instead of the actions of search and seizure?

Shouldn't Al be required to explain why he wants higher crime rates in these neighborhoods?

I have a news flash for New Yorkers. If you want the cops to stop violating your constitutional rights having Big Al Sharpton involved in your protests is not the way to garner public support.Maybe if the black community would stop killing each other, they would not be profiled as a possible suspect.....but NO....they would rather whine and act like its being racist....

Our society has become indifferent and angry. The police play a cat and mouse game and the criminals do like wise. More taxes, more big government with their huge salaries and million dollar pensions will create more disparity, which is really the scheme anyway.

it's funny how the race of people that protest such things are the ones with the most criminals in jail , I guess they're just trying to gain an advantage

Mayor Giuliani cleaned up NY. Sharpton is a racist socialist. Why discontinue something that works. Rev Al should work on his black community.............violent crimes, domestic violence, unwed mothers, gang membership, car thefts, etc., etc.

Highest percentage of crime by black and hispanic = highest percentage of suspicion of black and hispanic. You people know how you can stop this???

Well if they stop giving the cops reasons to not frisk them for drugs &amp; weapons then the cops will stop! Theyre just doin their job

Appearently people would rather have crime run rampant in the streets .

and isnt the crime vastly commited by are by  blacks and hispanics the most

Is this like "Where's Waldo"?  Where's Al?

They should just stop the, "stop-and-frisk" in Ghetto neighborhoods only, being they enjoy the crime so much. We are tired of the crime in our neighborhoods. BTW, just so you know, white people are not prejudice against people because of color, its because of their actions. period.ya know...what with prison overcrowding and all, let's let Al, Jesse and his son go into prisons, ask one on one if the prisoner is guilty, and when he says no, the 3 judges can let him loose...what say thee ?????

If a crime is committed by a white guy 5 foot 6 blonde hair blue eyes are you going to waste your time looking at 5 foot 4 inch Asian  guys with dark eyes???If a crime is committed by a black guy 5 foot 6 with black hair with brown eyes are you going to waste your time looking at white guys?? So where is the racial profiling if you are looking at the race that is wanted for committing the crime??

"They were not denying. They were justifying." I would think justifying would be better.

"Only 10 percent of all stops result in arrest, and a weapon is recovered a small fraction of the time."      Seems justified...10% is rather high to me...

Over 73% of all crime is committed in major metropolitan areas.  Many major metro areas have a very high percentage of black and other non-white residents.  Sadly 85% of crime  where black folks are the victim, black folks are the criminal.  You may not like it, but it is true.  Therefor stopping black folks and checking for unregistered firearms or extra large soft drinks is in fact helping to keep the few white folks in town safe....THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE.  WE ALL SHOULD ENJOY 4TH AMENDMENT PROTECTION......Take a close look folks....it is what tyranny looks like."The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in government."-- Thomas Jefferson

I am willing to bet all of those protesters in that photo esp the white's would not be caught after dark in some of those minority neighborhoods that they are all up in arms about.

Another example of math challenged America. The article says "only" 10% of those stopped result in an arrest. This is intended as evidence that the program is unsound. 10% means that one in ten results in an arrest. That is a very high percentage (compared to a random sample), so this should actually be seen as proof of a successful program.

Ridiculous gestapo tactic that should never go on in the US. Our forefathers fought and died for us to be and live free, that means free from tyrannical government. If we're having problems with illegal activity, stop letting repeat offenders out of their cage. Sentence violent offenders to death, sexual predators to castration and 5years to think about it, and sentence thieves to loss of a hand. Our problems in this area are a lack of basic wisdom, nothing more.

Does'nt the FBI make profiles on serial killers ? I guess they will be the next minoity group to bring up a lawsuit.

Blacks [and other minorities] account for the majority of crimes in the US.  Fact.What communities are better off as a result of the thousands of guns taken off the streets? If AL and Jesse can't solve the problem they need to get the hell out of the way.

The big Al, front and center.  that's about all he is good for.  I can think of another word to replace the word Frisk,  Think about it.  This country would be so much better off without them.

Remember probable cause? New York has the authority to override the Constitution?That mayor and the judge who upheld the law, both need hanged.

I just have one question:  Is that C-Lo behind Al?

When you commit over 95% of the crime in a city, you ARE going to get targeted by the police. The answer: STOP THE CRIME.

The Rev.is a poor example of a role model for the black community, he and J Jackson are a embarrassment to MLKs memory and  work.

In other words, it's perfectly OK to stop and frisk a "white boy", but not a black.  That's about it in a nutshell.

Anyone else tired of see Al Sharton's sorry a.. in front of these protest lines.

There's old Rev Al on the front lines again.  Funny, I don't recall seeing him leading up a "Stop Black Murderers" or a stop "Black on Black Crime" march.  Throw in a white guy or a policeman (or worse yet, a white policeman!) and then there's something to march about.Rev's got a deck full of race cards that he makes a very comfortable living dealing. What a racist hypocrite!!!

and just look whose neighborhoods are the most run as welllPeople, ugly black/latino racists that are marching in the streets should protest against their young black/latino animal gangs instead of the police.  Profiling black/latino animal gang bangers in the streets for drugs/weapons will cut crime by 90% people.  All animal gang bangers should be put in jail for years and forced to clean up the vandal markings they leave in the streets.  Leftists and civil rights are on the side of criminals people.

They do the 'Stop and frisk" where crime is out of control and focus it on the monorities that are most likely to commit crimes in that area which one of the places is New York.. This isnt a white mob of racist cops its a diverse police force trying to do whats best for that area to keep law abiding citizens safe.  In many law enforcement agencies when they dont have a face for a crime they write up a profile on what kind of person they are looking for. There is no difference here. The police have it hard in high crime areas and all people should be willing to help , that is unless they are part of the problem like corrupt leaders ( Sharpton,Jackson ). It would be different if they where doing "stop and frisk" in areas where crime is low. There are bad people out there no doubt so lets help and be part of the solution instead of helping the problem. Dont be a racebater here lets get the bad guys and protect the innocent.

March Madness:Good To See The Only Rep We Have.!Al Sharpton is there because he care, he makes a Ton w 'PoliticsNation' he could be at home watching on TV.We have 'No Leaders' anymore, Martin L. &amp; Malcolm X, were the Only 2 White America Feared &amp; you Killed them both.Jesse Jackson / Al Sharpton, Seriously?!

They always trot out those demographic breakdowns as 'proof' that blacks and Hispanics are being disproportionately singled out, and yet when you look at arrest and convictions overall, the vast majority are . . . blacks and Hispanics.  (And the majority of all violent crimes are black on black, or black on white...)I get so sick of looking at Sharpton's face.  He's not even a real reverend; he never went to divinity school.  He was 'ordained' a minister when he was 9 or 10 years old by some storefront Baptist minister.

According to 2011 NYPD stats 61.8% of murder victims were Black and 26.3% were Hispanic. At the same time 56.3% of the murder suspects were Black and 35% were Hispanic. Seems like Sharpton and friends are fighting for their right to kill their own without police interference.

I'm against "stop and frisk" on 4th amendment grounds.  I sure wish they would stop and frisk Al Sharpton though.  No telling what that communist pig's got in his pockets.

End Sharpton and Jackson. Thugs, Racist in the highest order

Im white and let me tell you this. If my children were being 'frisked' and harrassed by these punk cops I'd be out there marching too. I dont care RACE you are, we ALL need to stand up agianst this tyrannical government that seeks to tread on our rights. If you aren't 'down with that' then you ain't AMERICAN.It's also great to see people of different races/religions/groups marching and protesting. POWER TO THE PEOPLE.

the race of those stopped should be compared to the crimes committed by that race rather than just the population numbers.bet they would match better then.

Al Sharpton, the dumbest person ever on TV.Only 10% of all stops result in an arrest.  This means that 90% of those stopped are not involved in wrong doing.  What does that say?  Weapons are recovered in a 'small fraction' of the cases.  Good grief.  We cannot give up civil liberties due to hatred or fear.

Wear a belt, who wants to look at your underwear.Stop but no search, unless theres a reason.

I'm willing to forfeit my constitutional rights if these searches will result in dangerous sodas being taken off the streets!

I wish the race baiters weren't the ones against this.  I think this is a 4th Amendment violation, as are the TSA body scans and gropings.  So they should take it on as a 4th Amendment violation instead of as a racial issue.

Maybe these concerned citizens out marching &amp; protesting should instead be home teaching their babies that it is not OK to be a lying, cheating, stealing, robing, raping, murdering, dope slingin, thug punk gang banger but nooooooooooooooo!!!!  Let's focus on the police attempting to curtail this mayhem instead.  Try taking a little personal responsibility in your own lives instead of blaming outside sources, afterall these are your offspring are they not?  Stop producing these parasitic life forms and not only your community but the entire country will improve.

Sharpton is one of the biggest raciest around....what about all the problems the Blood and Crips gangbangers cause...never a word about them....ms13 and others like them. All the problems in the HOOD who makes those problems?....could that be why they are checked out so much..ever watch Gangland on TV.....

The left is never happy. Chicago has no stop and frisk law and it has the highest murder rate in the country, and the left whines about that. NY has put a sizeable dent in the murder rate thanks to stop and frisk and the left whines about that.

The vast majority of crime happens in small concentrated metropolitan areas of the country.  They dont speak for most americans.   They dont want profiling then let them police themselves.  Check back in 6 months and see how its working out for them.  I want my police to be tough on crime and if that means being proactive (profiling) then so be it.  Dont hang out where you KNOW you dont belong and there won't be any issues.

Apparently al likes crime. If it lowered the crime rate, why wouldn't everyone like it unless it was terribly one sided and biased which currently, it is not.

stop and frisk is the price of being black now days, I am not saying its right but it works in this case because most criminals are black if you do not like it clean it up it is you to solve this problem.I don't blame them. I wouldn't want to get frisked if I were a #$%$.

So a police an arbritrarily stop and frisk anyone with no probable cause?

Yahoo  70 Comments  Not much going on here. It's been up for 2 days now.

That guy in the white shirt and suglasses is lifting Al's wallet.Seriously though, they needa new task force for those carrying sodas that are larger than 16oz.

hey Alf Sharptongue,whats the % of blacks to whites in prison? Bush's fault,I guess !

Gun Control, Al tell all the brothas to turn in their guns. That will take 90% of guns off the streets.Or take them away from Whitey although he got them the Legal way. SHOOT AWAY.....

As usual, playing the victim and race cards.  If they want others to stop treating them like criminals, maybe they should stop acting like criminals.

The racial statics of people who where stopped match the racial statics for who was committing the crimes. No surprise. The case is without merit.

...or drop 'stop-and-frisk' and let black people kill each other.

I actually think this is a good law.  If you worry about nuts carrying guns, the only way to find out is to stop and frisk.  And you do it to the people who mostly carry illegally.  Just who would that be?A very good way to get the bad boys off the streets..........

And the alternative to "Stop and Frisk " that they're marching for is..............what?There would have to be a new rule of some kind for the police to follow.........what?Something like, just trust everybody, everywhere, all the time until it's too late...... what?

They are not profling, just playing the odds!

Tell the Blacks and Latinos to end the STOP AND ROB.

Whenever I  see Al "Sharpboy" Sharpton in the lineup I know the cause is bogus.  Its all about contributions for him.

stop-and-frisk..... It's a liberal idea..

How about we just Stop N Shoot instead.

just stop and frisk equal number of whites and see what happens

oh boy,look who is first front and center.How does that man earn his keep?They call him reverend,at what church does he preach?What do his tax records say?He must be raking in the cash to be able to be anywhere in the country instantly to help agitate and blame all problems on anybody else.And always got to get that media coverage and face time

People that eat out of the hand of a government seldom want to accept any personal accountability for their own actions."Crime is at an all time record low"  that is ALL the information I need to know to support this practice by law enforcement..

"Only 10 percent of all stops result in arrest..."  That is quite good.  That is a lot of arrests.  Further, the active police patrolling has a suppressive effect on other criminal activity.

Animals need to be searched if not incarcerated!!

They just want to be able to commit crimes and not be hassled for it, it's that simple. You can't escape the facts, which are most crimes are committed by blacks and latino's, the very same groups who are opposed to this tactic.

stop-and-frisk... Illegal search...

No such thing as "racial profiling" It's a term made up by liberals to incite fear and hatred of the police. We know blacks &amp; mexicans commit the most violent crime as well as most crimes in general, the correct term is "criminal profiling". Muslims are in the mix as well.

I wouldnt care if they frisk my grandmomma if I lived in a crime ridden neighborhood and couldnt aford to get out. Just a bunch of sheep holding those signs.

When I go fishing I generally cast the bait to some deep water spots. I know I was politically incorrect, but I couldn't resit the temptation of catching more fish. SOME LOCATIONS DO HAVE MORE FISH. That is the cold fact.

Here's a principle that even you might understand.  If you want to stop being treated as a criminal, then simply stop being a criminal.

With Al Sharpton it's like a pig in the mud, when you get in there with the pig you realize the pig likes it.Someone please tell these morons that the police are supposed to monitor gang activity in these areas.

it's funny all the people that think it's fine would probably never be or have never been subjected to it....just because you think it's fine for other people's rights to be violated doesn't mean it is.

Give us a break, ok?  Stop and frisk sounds like a really good idea as I watch the roads lately.  Our highways are like the wild west mentality - anything goes - and goes really fast.

It’s gone. We don’t have a Constitution anymore. The north ends of a herd of south bound horses, in D.C. Stole it from us. No, I have to take that back. It was the Voters, that didn’t take the time to vote, or to check for themselves who they voted for, gave it to them. Now, what do we do about it? I’m about ready to give them a (double “00”) load of B.S., in return for all the B.S. they keep giving us.

If Sharpton's against something; I am for it.

This is trueThe mayor and police commissioner say stop-and-frisk is a life-saving, crime-saving tool that has helped drive crime down to record lows.

And right up front is the commy sharpton.....one of obammys fellow commys   !!!

They're just mad that they got caught with drugs and weapons.

It's sad that racial disparity is in Sharpton's best interest, to keep his face and name in the spotlight.

A Gang of Worthless Trash !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Groids are a failed speices,  they are not human and every single groid on this planet should be executed.

First sentence says "sometimes frisked". I'd like to see real numbers of how many of those actually frisked that are non whites get busted with stuff. Can we get facts in these #$%$ articles you guys produce? Once I find out if I'm getting money from FAFSA I'm switching email accounts to another provider.

Tough one! Nanny Bloomberg certainly has no regard for the Constitution, that's for sure. But what's equally sure is the stop and frisk has made NYC's streets safer. Perhaps declare martial law and give every person of color in the 5 boroughs a cavity search?

Stop and question me I have some questions as to why. But to search my belongings or frisk me, it sounds more like a police state like Nazi Germany not the United States. There must be more to it than what the reporter has written about.

15 %  of the population...95 % of the problems

Is this even worth a comment? Ok, let me give it a shot. Is there a rational person who would think that 4 black or hispanic guys in business suits/ well dressed conservatively at 1 am on 5th between say, 40 and 50th street pose the same possible pre-crime target as 4 black/ or hispanic guys, low pants, hats on sideways, hoodies, etc....., on 125th street at 1am? make them white as well, same neighborhoods. Not saying anyone is guilty but if you were a cop, who might you stop and frisk - or at least talk to -  and why.Now be honest. This is a non issue, the cops are tasked with a tough job and i can't believe anyone anywhere would argue with that. do their job for a month, go to every call, dispute, etc..... do a little profiling and see who you might be inclined to stop. again, be honest.

New Yorkers should be happy since these practices initiated by Gugliana reduced crime significantly.  If Al Sharpton is involved, this is a sham protest.  Most of these bad neighborhoods are begging for more police protection.

If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck then chances are, it's a duck.

You can bet the race poverty pimp would not miss a photo op.

"Stop and frisk" was approved by the Supreme Court in Terry v. Ohio only when the officer has "reasonable suspicion" that the subject has committed, is committing or is about commit a crime AND the officer reasonably believes that the person may be armed and dangerous.I sympathize with police officers.  They have a very tough job, especially in neighborhoods with high crime rates.  Nonetheless, they are not free to stop a frisk people just because the job is hard and dangerous and people live in high crime zones.  The fact stated in the article that less than 10 percent of the stops lead to arrests and an even lower percentage involve a weapon is unsettling.  If the "fact" is true, then these officers are either not being properly trained or they are misusing the discretionary power vested in them.Other metropolises, like Los Angeles, have also seen a similar reduction in violent crime since 1990 without tearing up the Constitution.The only people who dont want to be frisked are the ones holding drugs/guns....BLACKS and MEXICANS

A New Tarzan Movie In The Making?

I support NYPD and 'stop-and-frisk'. It keeps NYC safer. Also, I trust police officers' hunch.

This is not a NY problem. It happens everywhere and it's no secret. The problem is the police have a negative history amongst the people they are targeting and it didn't come about from just a few incidents. I think we need to concentrate on mental profiling, because these are the ones that are shooting up the schools, the theaters, the malls and businesses. Sometimes, I wish we'd all wake up and be the same color then we could focus on the issues (maybe).

If your are looking for a bear you dont' stop a poodle. Racial profiling is a legitimate way to find people who do bad things. Al Sharpton is a weasel who never made an honest buck in his life,if the media would ignore him he would have zero credibility or notoriety. We are supposed to be a colored blind society so why are we always hearing about the high percentage of minorities in prisons. Who the hell is keeping score?

Wah wah cry me a dam hand full. Has anyone thought that if we allowed "racial profiling on 911 maybe it wouldnt have happened. Its good police work get over it!!!!!

Note the photo: all Blacks and Mexicans. Stop and frisk is a GREAT Law. Stats show crime is down in NYC. Chicago should pass the same law!

Al Sharpton is a "poverty Pimp" he makes his living husteling causes! he is not a professor, truck driver, cook or Barber. his way is paid for by people that support him. he is not that good of a speaker certainly not very bright. because his opinion is paid for he can not afford to be objective. The police are not out to harrass black and Latino men! the police are out to stop criminal activity! it just so appens that amoung both groups of people there are  many young men that committ violent crimes! sabes Que? soy Chicano!weed to combat theyouth gangs in our communities and put an end to the sick behavior! Al Sharpto is an en-abler and a pimp! he was in San Francisco playing up the Tookie Williams execution for all that it was worth along with Hactor Jamie Ffox what I say is censure Al Sharpton and Boycott all Jamie Fox movies!! let your entertainment dollars vote!!!!!!!!!

When 8 of 10 crimes is made by one race. I see no problem with it and you shouldn't either unless your one of the ones comitting the crimes. One search might have gotten the gun that killed the baby reciently or might have saved that girl that was at the Obama event . But Mr Sharpton  does not care about your children living or dying or even getting guns off the streets he just wants to promote Race conflicts.

Turning America into a cesspool, one city at a time. Chicago, Detroit... Is NYC next?That guy in the photo, yes the one in the middle....  He owes millions in back Taxes.He should be frisked and arrested.....A criminal leading the march of criminals!Pay up you Free-Loader!

if you want police to stop profiling blacks and hispanics, tell them to do less crimes. There is a reason why the police don't profile asians.........

Will Al Sharpton support an end to the racial profiling by young black thugs of their victims and their "Stop and Mug"  policy?

If the shoe fits, wear it.

Look how the Race Baiter, Liar and Thief Sharpton surrounds himself with feminazi's and old black people.    Like they are the ones getting Frisked.  Since the policy was enacted crime dramatically decreased.

I don't care what Race you are, this is against the Fourth Amendment, period.

It's always because of race. never because of crime, drugs, guns, rapes, murder,defiance, disobedience, disrespect or any of those things that don't happen in fine , law abiding, upstanding minority nieghborhoods. Don't believe me? Just ask Revs. (sic) Jessee and Al, they'll tell you.

can't we all just join hands and sing hymms together, love everybody, nevermind if they be hittin you in da head wif a brick....

The brothers are the only ones who want guns, but not the shake down, wonder why?

Gangsta'sI'm so glad to hear so many that believe like I do. I thought I was just a racist. I'm not racist, I hate everyone.....lol. Al Sharpton, Jesse Jackson and his mentally ill son need to focus on raising up their people. Our judicial system has become so co-dependent. Eye for an eye I say!!!

Racial profiling has worked for a very long time, and only gets better with time!

U.S. District Court Judge Shira Scheindlin, who has already said in earlier rulings that she is deeply concerned about stop and frisk, is not being asked to ban the tactic, since it has been found to be legal. It's LEGAL...

Many of the comments are targeted at Al Sharpton and taking away from the general topic.  Stop and Frisk is unlawful....how would you feel if you are taking your child to school and on your way to work when an officer stops you to #$%$?  You don't get upset because you know you don't have anything illegal on you...but you get upset because you know you were only stopped because of your skin color.  Don't bother debating me either....I have seen it happen to my son and to his father and it was wrong!

lol@ the picture with everyone frowning

STOP AND FRISK IS UNCONSTITUTIONAL

Probable cause stops you, A pat search (frisk) Insures officer safety. Quit CRYING! and let the Police do their jobs. If you have not committed a crime then you have no fear of the Cops.Only the ones crying have something to hide, or knows someone who has something to hide?

If cops are targeting you for some reason, then there is probably a pattern to your groups behavior that is proven problematic! Take some personal responsibility. But this is America, it's  never our fault! Boo hoo!

The Rev. Jesse Jackson watched the opening statements, telling reporters outside court afterward: "I heard rationalization and justification rather than explanation from the city. They were not denying. They were justifying." Sounds like a description of what we heard recently in Chicago from Jesse's son and DIL.

Police should not stop and frisk anyone without probable cause. Reasonable belief they have committed a crime. It is a clear violation of the fourth amendment.Why do we not address the reason we have ghettos. Education, based on local taxes will always keep the rich , rich and the poor, poor. If all people got a good education, who would do the minimum wage jobs that keep the corp. giants rich?

Hey, if you're not carrying drugs, a gun, etc., what is the problem? If it will help take criminals off the street, I'm for it.

how ironic, bloombergs nazi thugs at their best. a jew mayor using gestapo tactics. this is exactly what went on in germany from 1933 to 1945. to the egocentric obese opportunist political insurgent gunmen, sieg heil!

The hell with it, let minorities do whatever they want and then blame the Sharptons, Jacksons and all the other liberals!!!

There's the rev. leading a march to return crime to minority neighborhoods. I wonder where he lives. One of the biggest problems police have is getting cooperation of crime victims and witnesses because they are rightly afraid! Now give them a feeling of some security from the police and Al wants this taken away. Al wouldn't lie about minorities being mistreated by law enforcement would he? I think the civil judgment against him for doing just that still hasn't been paid to victims of his lies. Hey Al lose the crowd take a walk unescorted by your ARMED security people on the south of Chicago maybe you'd care about the good people who live there instead of being the opportunist your life style demands.

ITK-Great statement,I agree with that!Who really gives a #$%$ about, what AL and Jesse say's?Most of their own do not even like them.What a pair of screwed-up idiot's!How embarrassing for the blacks, when these two idiot's step to the front as if they are the best leaders for the black's.Black's have some great leaders,but it's not these two idiot's!They need to go away.

Someone must need a job.  Everytime a situation like this happens and they want to appoint a group of people to observe all this, good money is being spent out of city's budget to give money to some people to do nothing. Wonder how many of the four have prior police records.

If you have nothing to hide, why should you care!!!!  Question and Frisk everybody!!!!

once again that POS Sharpton is lining up on the wrong side--if the cops know that certain area are high crime and want to clean it up--let them--color has nothing to do with it--it is how you behave-- gangs and criminals should have NO rights!! what about our right to peaceful enjoyment of our country

i live in wisconsin. walker is great.Lets just go back to,  POLICE! STOP! BOOM! BOOM!!!!

Can't we all just get....aw, forget it!

man I hate to admit it but 90% of you commenting here are showing just how stupid you all are. but there is hope for you in the future all of you will be considered criminals. And stop and frisk will be the way of it along with squat and cough...

So much for the 4th. Obviously the NYPD Gang task force do not know who the gang bangers are, perhaps they should go to Oaktown in California and see how a gang task force should operate. They in Oaktown know who the bang bangers are and so rarely do the stop law abiding citizens regardless of color, unless you do something to arouse suspicion.

The police should frisk people  you never know what they might have hidden on them .. like a gun or knife!  as for minorites grumbling as usual they should learn to follow the law just like the rest of us! Jessy you and Al shoud spend you time and enargy on more important causes!

This is a constitutional issue. Just because it allows constitutional violation for blacks and other minorities, doesn't mean it should be ignored. The 4th amendment, deserved the same protection as the 2nd amendment. And it should be administered the same? If you think otherwise, then don't be surprised when you are called a "racist".

Note to self: if you want to form a protest and be taken seriously, do not invite Al Sharpton.

I say let them have it, then they will kill each other and cut down on welfare and food stamps that the tax payer has to pay less. It's a win , win.

Anything AL is content to is probably a good bet it's full of #$%$ just like him. They all need to look in a mirror and they will see what's wrong. Instead of getting a job like the rest of us,they put their hands out for free rent food power insurance and monthly checks. We pay for them to set on their #$%$. They have enough time to sell and use drugs and belong in gangs.  I am tired of seeing Al and I am tired of my tax dollars going to them

#$%$ shartons and his stuiped ways go get a jobFor the violent and gross crimes,probably the blacks and latinos , for the big crimes, Wall street, Corporations, lawyers, politicians, governors,mayors, banks and jews (Madoff,Mark Zuckerberg ,etc etc. etc)

Do people not know the law or do they have to wait for Fox news or another organization to tell them like they did with the 5th amendment and due process? Police must have a reasonable suspicion, they cannot just frisk anyone they want too. It is called the "Terry Frisk" which goes back to a 1963 case Terry v. Ohio.

Jesse jackson is an id, iot, always has been for ever. Can I not say that you yahoos?

glad to see everyone here would so quickly #$%$ on the constitution just because its only really happening to black people. This mentality blows my mind. Our fourth amendment is there to protect everyone from unreasonable search and seizure. Lets not pick and choose who it is there to protect because before long it will be national protocol round em up and pat em down. It shouldnt be a race issue at all it should be a legality issue and the word of our great land says that a cop can not randomly stop you and force you to submit to a search when you are not doing anything wrong.  Wake up america we are becoming a police state and it needs stopped before it is too late. Adrian Schoolcraft, an officer who was hauled off to a psych ward against his will after he said he refused to fill illegal quotas. Thats should tell everyone that cops have to write so many tickets a month that doesnt sound like they are serving and protecting anymore. More like generating revenue. Orwell warned us of this in 1984. What are we Nazi Germany where the jack booted thugs can just demand to see your papers?

I don't get why cops do more than required by law and/or policy.  Can't get sued or go to jail if you don't.

looking for a white ho  with big boobs and a large  a  z   z................

55-year-old Single attractive hispanic man looking to hook up witth a white ho to date and possible marriage..........must have big boobs .......and be into anal sex..............must be between the ages of 18-25...........Please no fat ho's..........

Sounds like they had the right group targeted , to me.

"Police are given an awesome responsibility, one of which is to ........." Grossman said.Let's finish that quote with something true now.......Uphold the constitution of the united states.......Not allow their authority to get the best of them, abusing it, or becoming corrupt.......Serve their community as a brother, not a jack booted gvt thug, doing only as their qoutas dictate,like a sheep, rather than leading by example with empathy &amp; honesty &amp; integrity..The list could go on , but now we have to asks the same from the community!!!

Another political ploy just to get media attention,I'm tired of the race card being thrown around everytime some black gets treated just like white's #$%$). But you don't hear about honkeys,asians,hispanic, native American's being treated even worse. #$%$ every nationality harbors some kind of racist hate or dislike toward the other. The white man and the Native American are at the bottom of the #$%$ Bucket and all the blood, sweat and tears our forfathers has shead is being given away. We're the ones being screwed the most.Wait till you get searched for no reason, could happen to any of us, anytime, anywhere under this "pro profiling attitude".

America try to empower your young youth; if America can sponsored people from no where why can,t they sponsored this young guys. These are kids with energy and lots of potential. take them out to other part of the world and create project for them at least $10 an hour for at least a period of six to a year; they will return back with a different attitude from what they learn from others. They will surely be motivated to do something better for themselves and others. No matter what race they are, it portraying AMERICA.

If you're still complaining, then maybe you need a different solution.

Stop Racial Profiling,    End "Stop &amp; Frisk"  OK 357 mag to the head.

They need to do more searches! If the minorities in this country do not like it then go back to the country where you came from!! Facts are facts and the police will do there job to try and stop the crimes.

Hail to king bloomburg. Doing a mighty fine job. Hail the king.

If Jackson is there he has an angle on a way to get some free money......

@CKD NINGA..Statistics and facts  NOT sterotyping!  Yes, well noted that Sharpton was front and center and note he cleverly had a few whites along side him.  If you enlarge the picture you will note that the majority marching are blacks who are objecting to "stop and search." Texas, Sharpton is definitely a rabble rouser and a liar.  They feed on the ignorance of the people.

Officer please stop, I already told you...thats not a gun in my pants!

The police should have stopped and frisked the WHITE loonies who shot up Columbine in '99,  and in 2012 alone the rampage massacres of innocents in the Aurora Colorado movie theatre, the Wisconsin Sikh Temple, the Oregon shopping mall, the Connecticut Elementary School... Also, why aren't these crimes considered TERRORISM???  If anyone with brown or black skin did it, that's exactly what it would have been called....Good Grief! Cops have to go where the crime rate is higher. They have a right to be able to be proactive in the protection of not only the public but for themselves. Sharpton and Jackson LOVE to cry, whine and complain about racism, but yet I've seen neither lift a finger to improve the relationships with their race, nor does their presence give any credibility to their race. As long as they continue to "send in the clowns" no one will make any serious effort on race relations and it will remain a repulsive joke!

Consider yourself lucky. The devil used to scalp, whip, lynch and burn you. Now it only runs you down, drags you, taser you, club you, water-board you and yes #$%$,

Looking at the comments obviously once again whites only care about consitutional rights when they feel threatened-like with scary drones. Suddenly they learned about due process. lol. A cop must have a reasonable suspicion to stop and frisk someone. It is that simple.

They are never happy.

this is facism at its finest

Furher Bloomberg is at it again. Stopping and searching people for being someplace the Gestopo thinks they shouldn't be.

Oh well stop breaking the laws. Get al simpleton. Or #$%$ Rodney king ding

Funny how all the Tea Baggers who give us all that shuck and jive fake love for the Constitution are all for this.  Lol, what a pack of phony clowns.

Send all the Blacks back to Africa. Including Obama. Send all the Hispanics back to where ever they came from. Send all the orientals back to where they're from.  Control the oil prices and our national dept will be solved as well as crime.

As long as you are a black man, you will be fighting for your rights or until they get it right. That is a fact.If they don't have anything to hide they don't have anything to be worried about, being White, Black,brown,green or red it makes no difference!!!

on the top pic  i see about 6 whites and ,the rest. black people . the trouble maker.they aLL ways want money w/o working .

Let's just arrest everyone.  They can show at their trial why they were not actually guilty of any crimes.

The statistic that states there were only 419 murders in 2012 as opposed to 2000 in the 1990's tells me its not working, you have 419 murders in 1 year and 2000 in 10 years....thats almost a quarter of a decade committed in one year. So yeah, thats an invalid excuse for the illegal stops and searches.......try again.

This sounds typical.  1% of the police force screw it up for the other 99%.

White people commit just as much crime as Blacks and Hispanics, it's just that white people in the suburbs aren't subjected to the same police surveillance and have the means to get away with it. And if you don't think that race isn't an issue in this country just google i hate Obama and look at all the racist rederick that pops up.

So many racists comments coming from people who have never been affected by this policy.  It's easy to comment on something you have never expreirecne. I’m sure if any of you making racist comments experienced NYPD stop and frisk, and had your 4th amend rights violated you would be out there protesting!  BTW go watch Tim Wise’s speech on the pedagogy of white privilege maybe that will give you some insight about how much minorities are criminals!

Having followed this topic for years, most of us well informed know that the NYPD is one of the most bigoted and corrupt forces in the country, if not the most corrupt. While I fully accept the statistical fact that a majority of the crimes do occur in minority &amp; poor neighborhood, I also know that the police overwhelmingly target minorities. Bigotry cannot be erased with laws, it has to be taught at home. And the police really don't have the educational background nor mentality to fix the problem where it needs fixing.

"unlawful searches and seizures"