Cut MP's pay, expenses &amp; massive subsidies that they enjoy while everyone else has to suffer their policies.

Giving money and power to the government is like giving whisky and car keys to teenage boys

you know if government were a product, selling it would be illegal

The nine most terrifying words in the English language, I'm from the Government and I'm here to help..

Cameron and Osborne = NOT FIT FOR PURPOSE

Vat is killing spending For every thing you buy add 20% vat is a huge rip off what is it for? just to extort more money out of us well it wont wash because we have no money to spend and nobodys buying because of 20%VAT robbery!!!

"The chancellor of the exchequer, as he is formally known." No kidding? Do these people think we're fools?The Chancellor (as he is formally known) is in a jam: he can't tax, he can't borrow, and whatever he does will be unpopular with someone. Yes: this is  "an unprecedented peacetime economic crisis". An adult thing might be to form a national government: for the parties to forget "government" and "opposition" for  while and co-operate in finding ways forward rather than throwing parliamentary eggs at one another. It worked well enough during World War II  - when parliamentarians realised, for once, that there are things more important than getting elected next time. At a time like this, political point-scoring is a distraction.BTW: pray, and pray hard, that Cyprus doesn't, in the end, go for a wealth tax. If it does, others will follow, including the UK; and then see what will happen to all those responsible savings and investments that Mrs Thatcher encouraged us to make.

free up cash for investment?...why doesn't he just ask all his rich freinds to "put in" instead of robbing the poor and needy?

Cameron and Clegg could learn a great deal if they were to stay in the nursery...

Lets look at their record. More poor people than ever before, workers rights non existant. Sick people forced to go back to what few jobs exist, due to this coalitions botched use of examinations by atos the french company making billions form the taxpayer who have cost us a fortune through the courts in upheld appeals, Workers forced out of jobs and put on benefits. a deficit that has not gone down but increased its even worse now. retailers closing down by the bucketfull. People in despair with higher fuel bills, higher utility bills, higher food prices, higher VAT, Food Banks increasing every day. An NHS that will not be able to cope after the changes. Even the illegal immigrants are desperate to leave this country, they are better of in the third world countries. The best thing for this country would be for this useless coalition to RESIGN and SOON. the only people to benefit under the torys are the rich.LET THEM EAT..............................pasties !

These toss jobs are too scared to claw back the money from big business, banks and tax avoiders. .Shameful brown nosing sock cuckers they be....

"...delivering another austerity budget with near zero growth"Near zero growth? Well that is one way of describing it, in the last quarter it was negative. Maybe Gideon Osborne will see the connection between "austerity" and "zero growth"

He hopes and he prays that it will work, in the the real world that mean he preys on the vulnerable, and all hope is lost with him in the seat.

It has got to the point now (and has been for a while) where it is as plain as the nose on your face, that Georgie Boy does not have a bloody clue as to what to do. He is to economics, what Adolf Hitler was to world peace. I am in no doubt that this budget will be as big a fiasco as his last puerile effort. Granny taxes, pasty taxes, church taxes, caravan taxes. All gone. The only constant is Georgie Boy himself. He remains in office, like a blood sucking leech, draining the life out of us all, and is in a place on our collective anatomies which is too hard to reach with the lit cigarette which they use in all the good jungle movies to get rid of the nasty little vermin. Of course, he can afford to keep piling on the pain, at the moment (and he will). His hope then, is to make his 2014 budget, and Autumn statement, full of delicious little pieces of 'POSSIBLE' changes for the better after May 2015 (if the Tories get an overall majority, you understand).

the poorest are going to get another hammering , we know that ,they've only got two years left though and they are coming apart at the seams already .a good pasting in the may elections will add even more pressure on the disgusting duo .take heart from knowing that whatever osborne announces later today , he'll be u turning on in a few weeks ,our turn is coming . every vote counts , hit them where it hurts , at the ballot box .

Tax cuts for the rich - bedroom tax for Brits - Cuts to instigate growth - its the loony party -PS the banks are STILL illegal pyramid schemes so any savings you make will just grow the problem bigger - Its a Pyramid - Stupid!!The sign of a lunatic - keep doing the same thing expecting a different result!!PS Its a Pyramid Stupid - The banks are growing exponentiallyOh well - we tried to tell em

Obviosly scamoron cant do with out his bum licker pal. this coalition has done more for this country than hitler ever did or could do. This bunch of toffee nosed idiots have ruined this country with there appalling policies.

This Government seem to have 'missed the basics' and know it but are scared to admit it as that would show how incompetent they are. Not all debt is bad - it's OK to borrow several times your income for over 'half a lifetime' to buy a house but it's wrong to borrow a few £'s until next pay day - it's OK to borrow billions to create wealth but it's wrong to borrow to keep potential wealth creators idle. The C of E has an opportunity to stop the poor from getting poorer by stopping the very rich (especially those that didn't actually earn their wealth) from getting richer - if you've got 50 million do you need more in these hard times.

If the banks had been allowed to fail as they should have done, I wonder where we could have used all that money?More cuts. More unemployment, And so more borrowing. Less disposable money. Less spent. Less bought. Less taxes, Vat ect to the government. Less products made, Less people working. More borrowing. More cuts.... A vicious cycle made by the Tories... After 3 years you would think they would realize what they are doing..... But no because it doesn't affect them. They will not change course.... Even Tory voters ( Not all ) can see they are doing wrong..... Never mind let them blame Labour.... Again and Again. Could they fix it sure. Will they fix it .. Nope..

austerity? for whom? aint for the rich, he dont care about the rest. look after number and silly rich prats sounds like

The entire Tory party are boxed in because of their medieval ideology. It's as simple as that.

And you will keep paying it sheeple... somebody HAS to foot the bill when Bulgaria and Rumania move Cuntry next year...LMFAO

Bottom line is, this budget, whatever the rhetoric, will ultimately benefit the bankers and his chums, and harm everyone else, no matter how they dress it up and lie to you. The level of direct and indirect taxation in this country is tyrannical. People in dictatorships get taxed less, here they seem to have got people to love their servitude and enslavement, how, they have lied to you time and time again, made them big whoppers, and you have all believed it is for your own good. People need to wake up and see we have a tri-party dictatorship, you can't put a ciggy paper between them, and they are all bought off and paid for by globalist banks that are using a marxist model to enslave us all. But you won't, you will be to busy watching the idiot box and ignoring the reality of what is going on.

he is Boxed in allright, just put the lid on the box and get someone who have the brains to get it right.

I look forward to his budget. More homelessness, more child poverty, less education, less health care. But not for the wealthy they will have more tax breaks and access to all that's good in life while we poor keep bleeding.

what hope do we have with the chuckle brothers running the country?  the only problem is the next lot will probably be as bad, robbing the poor to keep the rich rich.

Top of his agenda should be foreign aid, giving taxpayers money to countries who hate our guts is my number one bugbear.UK 2012 foreign aid to pakistan exactly equalled their nuclear spending!!!!

THIS MAN single handed has bought this country to its knees with crass decisions and even worse fiscal policy.  He has never had any experience in the financial world and after 3 years as chancellor proves regularly that he still has not got a clue - SACK THE BLITHERING IDIOTHe needs to start paying off our debts, equal to £16,000 per person and £2,000 per person interest a year.

Stop throwing our peoples money away (billions of pounds) on foreign aid Cameron and Osborne

That picture reminds me of the Chimps Tea Party.

he will screw poor as per usual, hes a freak, lil rich mummy's boys dont shaft their own

How many tory MPs does it take to run a country, 1/2 of one the others are all asleep or away on there country estates playing golf, shooting, horse riding on a borrowed horse or just drinking.

have this government done anything to prevent the banks from bringing this countryto the brink of bancruptsy again ?

just keep on the daily grind for the eu and migrants

How can a Country spend and Invest when this same rsole has taken practically every spare penny in one form or another of tax and price increases. People can't spend what they don't have

Why is boy george so set on wasting billions on overseas aid and pumping billions into the eurozone not stop gravy train when the UK has to suffer such austerity with no sign of an end to this madness

Whats the difference between boy george and boy george ,,ones a #$%$ ,,the other sang #$%$ songs in the 80'sWe have only one option left ,,eat the rich !

I wouldn't be surprised if our credit rating ends up going down again after the budget, the Tories are digging there selfs and us deeper and deeper into trouble, unfortunately they are either incredibly thick and cannot or don't want to admit the measures they are forcing on us will never work, all that will happen will be more debt more failures for Cameron  and is party of idiots and not forgetting the sell out Lib Dims , there running a round like headless chickens.

Feckers the lot of them. It's so simple that you don't need a degree in economics or banking to sort the mess left by Blair/Brown/the EU/the World. Cut VAT entirely and people will spend, thus increasing demand and increasing employment, hence more income tax coming in! Simples! I  suspect poor George is tied into his mates Cameron and Clegg though. Cut income tax for those on or below average income and increase income tax for his mates and their Eton educated cronies.

It's quite simple, a massive cut in fuel duty would stimulate the economy like nothing else, everything would follow from there as people still have to use vehicles to run businesses and get to work etc the minor loss in revenue would be made up in quantity. It would also massively reduce the cost to the transport industry which reduces cost of food etc! I suggest at least 10p per litre minimum if not 15p! Then watch employment rise and all else in the economy! Which also means people have more to spend which increases VAT govenrment gets too. Overall its a win win situation, but these Dunderheads in Government dont want the little people winning they want to keep them in fear and poverty so they can bully and terrorise them and then appear to have done them a favour for which we should all be gratefull !

lets have a 1926 style all out national strike,bring the government to its knees.

I'm sick of the fact that Cameron refuses to sack Osborne because he's his best mate. What about our country here!!!!!

Is somebody asking the two in the picture....'So lads, what do you want to do when you grow up'...........'Space Cadets Miss'.

By sticking to his austerity at all costs policy Osborne has displayed a pig-headed ignorance of what is required to get the UK on the road to economic recovery.Talk of taking a couple of billion out of departments existing budgets to spend on capital projects is typical of a Chancellor who is simply not up to the job when what is need is a massive injection of new money into the economy while interest rates are at an all time low. If this means borrowing even more money than so be it for Osborne's present policy is almost guaranteed to lead to a treble dip.I don't know of any economist who thinks that making the poor even poorer leads to economic recovery but that seems to be the philosophy which is now embedded in this Coalition. As far as I can see there is no evidence that austerity has delivered the goods that its advocates keep claiming and at some stage ordinary people say enough is enough which seems to be the case in Cyprus tonight.Enough is enough so with most economic indicators pointing due South it is time for Osborne to change course or get out..

Boxed in there is only one box I would like to see him and his kind in and we all know what box that is.

Are these two Mongoloid? What a picture.I'd like to box him in.

Q will your policies help the UK ? A I don,t understand the question Q what are your fiscal policies.A Sorry I have difficulty with my hearing Q how long have you had difficulty with your hearing. AWell it started when you started asking questions!!!!!!!! head butts the wall

He's got that son of Thatcher look about him, snidey little shyte.

the man is not fit for purpose

I  can give him a clue ,if no one has anything to spend the economy will end,which country following the austerity plan has turned things around,give back what you stole from the poor they will spend it otherwise you can squeeze everyone and still be in the red............

if this government were a company they would of ALL BEEN SACKED.

MY BELT IS AS TIGHT AS IT WILL GO

that picture of him tells it all, look of dick dastidly or doctor evil, evil plan in process.not a clue what to do, better put his finger to his lip ?

you only have to look at this tory twerps snide face to know he is only out for himself and his rich cronies

great picture of a sneering man that really does like taking ''candy from babies''Of all the parties who might be able to fix this, I'm just glad Labour aren't involved.

free up some cash for ....investments ?? One fellow student worker in ......semi good for the resume work , who happens to be a posh tory girl , thinks scamers and osporn have already done so . This wonderful trickle down policy of investment is in the UK fashion industry which is .. represented by the likes of her and she does not have a job when she graduates this summer , but with the help of her rich parents can afford to do unpaid internships etc .So peasants without colorful hair and a posh accent and rich parents thank Mr scamoron and osporn .

Just another tory public school boy ahsole, with a prolapse.

Stop all AID to Africia and Asia.Stop all benefit payments to immigrants.then put the money into British projects only better still vote UKIP next term

Labour - Never, never, never again.

This guy is a total nob and not fit for his Job like the rest of them. God help the likes of you and I today.

Balance the structure of our economy.Too much reliance on the retail industry and imports. How can we buy British if Britain can't make the stuff the British buy, all sorts of stuff from ordinary groceries to wind turbines, ships and expensive trains. The balance of payments stinksToo much reliance on the casino style dealings of the financial sector whose actions this government as well as the last fictional Labour one don't want to control.The way things are going our manufacturing base continues to shrink and we lose skilled jobs to other expanding competing countries and rely on industries that either employ high paid money movers or people earning not much more than the minimum wage and that won't support the economy that 70 million people live in.Make real jobs George and ditch the "Old Boys network"

fk off posh cnt

osborne   fall   on  a   sword.   you  f----    u/s

policy number one................kill the poor. like a good toffThe Tories should replace weekling Cameron with a proper Tory like Norman Tebbit never mind the fact he is 80+, he would still do a better job.