Baby animals are too darn cute.  Just look at that little guy.LOOK AT HIM!!!

Good luck to the cub!

While I'm glad this little guy was rescued I know that these things never seem to end well. Knut is a good example.

I hope the shooting of the mama bear was defense related.  I cannot fathom why anyone would shoot such beautiful animals just for sport.

I hope he has a better life than Knut did.Poor guy died so tragically.

Nice we have hardly any polar bears and someone shoots a mother with a cub?  I really can't stand people.

He's so cute.

As theyve always said, " Never get between a momma bear and her cubs". Unfortunately it sometimes happens.

It should star in the next coca-cola Christmas commercial...oh wait, they stopped using anything real...

Amazing how something so dang cute, can grow up to be such a ferocious killing machine. Mother Nature is a trip!I sure hope they have enough CocaCola... we all know polar bears live off CocaCola.

In a few years the bear grows bigger and will be shot to death by cops to "save" someone who enters the bear's cage.

If the oil platforms were made along the Bering Strait, and stocked with a fresh-fish, water compartment, the female polar bears who are currently dying on their swim, which now takes too long because the ice has disappeared? they could climb up on oil platforms made just for them, have their babies and go on.  These platforms could be equal-distance so the females could figure their rate very easily.We are a brave generation and can help save many species - this little guy looks ready to take on the world!  once he has had a chance to grow up!God Bless all the people who help animals.

Cute....but a bear to potty train!

Sad for the cubs mother but great news for the Alaska Zoo.

Oh this bear is so cute.  Hope they find a good home for him/her.

So sad :-(At least the orphan cub polar bear is safe right now and  being taken care of. I guess the guy who shot the mother isn't revealing what happened. I would like to know. But at least he rescued the baby.

This nice to save a cub, he'll never be able to release in the wild as he is too use to humans but..if it helps the species..it's better than the alternitive for the cub..

The baltimore zoo could use another one . One of there's just died from old age

And when it grows up it will be able to break your neck like a toothpick ! So play with it now !Look at that little face. Poor baby....probably misses his mama.

Make sure the Palins don't toss him on the barbecue.

How precious!!!!!!!!!!  Gender?  He / she will adjust beautifully and will be well-cared for!!!

Tell Coke- Cola No Penguins at the North pole with Polar Bears Penguins live in the Southern Hemisphere !

How sweet! Hard to believe they grow so big!

Poor baby.  At least it was saved from certain death.

Hope that he lives a long healthy life.  Shooting of any creature should be limited to life threatening situations.

"I know this bear, and he is such a loving gent.......  AAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

According to a bunch of kooks that call themselves "nature" lovers this little bear cub has to be killed as opposed to bringing him up at a zoo.  Remember Knute?  They made that charge with him so count on it being made once again.

Awww, she's adorable...or he!The world would be a better place if the hunter was shot instead of the bear.

Orphaned Bi-polar bear cub getting care in Anchorage

Awwwwwwwwww!

Some of us remember Binky.  Don't let Cal Worthington even get near this one.

wish he could come stay with me for a bit!

Umm, umm tender young polar-teddy bear.

If shooting a bear is deemed "subsistence", does that mean for eating and wearing?The little guy in the above photo would make great slippers.

F*** d**che bag hunter shot the mother and for what?  Does anyone care the polar bears are on their way to go extinct?

the day will come when humans are the hunted and caged.

Where's the rest of the story?I'll take care of the little guy for awhile. Once he out outweighs me I will give him back I promise.

It ought to be unlawful to kill a mother bear with cubs.

He's thinking:  I wish they'd give me seal for lunch.  They never give me seal for lunch.

Make sure the zoo in St Louis Missouri doesn't get ahold of the cub since they don't have good luck with polar bears.

Cute

a subsistence kill? ridiculous to think a population of  people could live on the few remaining polar bears-get a grip on reality...........

What ever you do,Do not send this little bear to The Berlin Zoo. Or he/she may end up like poor ol' Knut(remember him? ) -stuffed and put in a museum after he died. It is a sad story about Knut. He did so much for the Berlin Zoo when he was cute. Then he grew up, and he wasn't so cute anymore. Then the zookeeper who raised him passed away,not to mention, Knut had behavioral problems(gee.wonder why.)He is forever on display. Knut deserved better .But I hope his soul is bouncing around on ice flows where polar bears go.   I wish little Kali the best of luck. TAKE GOOD CARE OF KALI, ALASKA ZOO!  Don't make me come up there!!

I don't see the whole story here. Why  the hell was this cub's mother shot in the first place?????????? Why???????????? I'm thinking that hunter should have been ''shot'' for doing such a horrible act on wildlife.??? It should be against the law to shoot a polar bear. And that includes alaska. That stupid #$%$ sara palen killed a moose from a helecopter. That #$%$. What would she have said if somebody hauled off &amp;killed her kid? Huh? What would she have said? Crocodile tears. She needs to be wasted for encouraging people to murder defenseless animals. That goes for that ignorant fool who killed the polar bear. Alaska is just choc full of #$%$. Leave the god be damned hunters need to leave the animals alone.+-%#$%$^&amp;@)(*&amp;(&amp;^%%

The Alaska Zoo is an abysmal disaster. The mistreatment of the animals there is well-documented, with even the conservative citizens of Alaska disgusted. Thankfully this cub will go elsewhere, hopefully a decent place.

Spend money on this animal instead of a updated  monument for Eisenhower.Some city will need a mate for theirs, soon enough.Enjoy, I say.. they grow up fast..

I wonder why they give no real reason for the killing of the mother bear???

creap

No wait! It was the person who killed the polar bear, not the gun, right?

orphan polar bearthey know how to pull the strings T.Ti'd take emso kewt :3

Alright, everybody together - 1, 2, 3....Aaawww!

Perhaps that man who shot the bear should have been shot. Did he take the murdered polar bear @ a trophy????????????? He should have been shot. And those dumb #$%$ people should not put themselves in that situation. There are large polar bear proof vehicles out there, that's what they are for. This guy had some questionable motives as to what the hell was he doing there?????

Gunz, Gunz, Gunz  !!!

CUTE LITTLE SPUD!!!

Dharma Initiativestupid #$%$ killed the baby bear's mom

Dam eskimos, they should be shot instead !

..#$%$ hunter(s)...

I hardly doubt this was defense related.

Kill it before it becomes dangerous.

Wild animals like this cute little polar bear cub is one reason why I'm a vegan :-). I don't oppose hunting of animals 100%, but some "hunters" (I use that word very loosely) get a little too trigger happy (or enjoy their bows and arrows too much) and just go on a killing spree for these wonderful animals sans compassion or thought.

someday humans will stop shooting animals.