You must reasonably assume that the Company is not going to stop giving Customer Service.  Makes sense to assume the next voice you hear will be "Allooo, theis izz BOB, kann I heeelp eweU"

Did the jobs go overseas to the lowest bidder?

They are joining the hospital in Vermont that is laying off 10%  and Blackrock that is laying off 300.  That is 3 in today's news, how many more tomorrow.

The next helpful voice will have an Eastern accent,when you call for help. Hows the weather in Bangalore today, my friend?

My girlfriend was just FIRED for working off the clock for FREE . The company (Allstate) was refusing to hire more people during Sandy floods and wouldn't pay overtime for current people,so to keep up she was helping of the clock! And the kicker is,they are contesting her unemployment! Oh,she was a 7 year employee and NEVER been wrote up for anything.....

Note to self.....Safe Auto Insurance will not insure me.

CEO want big bouns

Congress growing jobs. Somebody needs to tell Washington what is really going on. America is broke, any one get the memo.

The LAST thing I want is someone calling me about insurance, and I don't care where those who call are located.

Thanks, Obama.And India proudly heralds the arrival of another call center.

Can't blame unions for this one but  I'm sure some will try.

Hello this is Steve...

My heart goes out to them.  My job ends on May 31st.  Outsourced as well and at 63, head hunters won't call me after the up front interview.  I wish you guys better luck.

The Geico gecko is prolly getting a hummer from Flo over this

Im sorry for their loss's. This article doesnt say why the center was closed but Im sure it has to do with the up coming expense for Obamacare. There will be more jobs lost and more people working part time because of Obamacare. I was watching a show today where they predicted more jobs will be lost as we get closer to Obamacare getting fully enforced in 2014. And that is going to hit the Democrats next year in the mid-trem elections.

Safe Auto's not doing well.  They expanded their customer base, but didn't get many more customers.  What does a fat-cat ceo do when he can't afford to buy a new trophy wife with corporate profits?  Fire a bunch of the little people, and laugh about it with the boys at the club.

The real news is that a company in the U.S. still has a call center.

SC COPs are everywhere, means and ready to ticket drivers for any stupid reasons.  Safety first. It works well to the point that Safe Auto Insurance had to move out of SC to other states.

It wasn't a 'hard' decision.  To these people, workers are liabilities on a balance sheet, nothing more.....Let me guess, the local community leaders jumped through their hats and gave this Corporation all kinds of incentives and tax breaks, now that money is gone.  Read the book "Free Lunch" by Johnston and don't let it happen in your community.

That's why you go with a financially sound reputable insurance company.    Lowest price doesn't mean the best.

And companies wonder why there is no more loyalty to the company.  Most companies have absolutely no loyalty to their employess.  Minimum wage, no benefits, temp positions, more and more Americans are becoming throw away commodities for companies.  They forget, we the employees are what make their riches.  The day will come...

160 less Americans with a job, 160 people in a call center in India with a new job, several thousands of customers who now will have to try to explain a problem to someone that really doesn't understand enough English to answer their question, or given answers in an accent beyond comprehension.I blame both parties, both parties support Globalization, this is what happens when you take away barriers to trade... you get replaced. Cheaper isn't usually better from a customer service point of view, but if all the competitors are going with the same #$%$ cheaper customer service that can barely speak English the consumer cannot take their business elsewhere and get better.

Wait I thought the economy was turning around.

They will eventually move to India or Pakistan.

Insurance is ruthless, but its not the only business that has no problem cutting jobs and putting people out of work.  The recession is supposedly over, but cuts are still being made.

Comcast just recently shut down 4 call centers, 3 in California and 1 in Colorado.  Over 500 employees lost their jobs.

and the exodus begins.  and obummacare slays more.

I thought Barry was a job creating machine! Looks more and more like the lost idiot he always has been!...10 years ago...mmm.  This would be about the time when all of the Tax Abatement s run out and the have to pay regular Taxes...

AstraZenaca is laying off 550 people in Wilmington DE and moving another 600 out of state - 163 looks pretty good from here.

hack and unfunny comedian Norm McDonald feels your pain..NOT!

Great group to lose jobs, couldn't have called it better it I tried.

I don't have their insurance but, if I did, and anytime in the next year I called in and got an Indian or Philippine rep I would cancel my insurance right then.

Had to cover the cost of Obamacare.If it is not Obamanomics its Obamacare.Major Companies are laying off thousands.  They do not show up in the unemployment rate because they are offset by the number of unemployed using up their benefits and being dropped from the labor market.Last year some of them included:1.	Best Buy; Total Stores 1,056; Closures 200-250; 2012 Stock Perf. -36.8%2.	Sears; Total Stores 2,118; Closures 175-225 K-Mart; 2012 Stock Pref.  +8.8%3.	J.C. Penney’s; Total Stores 1,100; Closures 300-350; 2012 Stock Perf.  -53.6%4.	Office Depot; Total Stores 1,114; Closures 125-150; 2012 Stock Perf.  +50.8%5.	Barmes &amp; Noble; Total Stores 689; Closures 190-240; 2012 Stock Perf. +8.95%6.	Gamestop; Total Stores 4,471; Closures 500-600; 2012 Stock Perf. -2.2%7.	Office Max; Total Stores 872; Closures 150-175; 2012 Stock Perf. +80.8%8.	RadioShack; Total Stores 4,412; Closures 400-500; 2012 Stock Perf. -68.1%

They stole my last name.

This is Obama care at work...you wanted it, now choke on it!

but,but,but   Barry said thing's are all a ok now!

more outsoucing. due to obamacare. many jobs will down size. more software automated .less people. to deal with taxes are to high . in the usa. get a clue not greed. have to compete. around the worldThey'll outsource the jobs to Mumbai where they speak better English than in South Carolina! LOL

more jobs to call centers inn taiwan / china /japan etc... and they cant speak english ,,,dual purpose ,,close building and frustrate american customers , and they wont file claims,(wait on line 2 or more hrs )  or wont get proper cust service ( but they will have to pay premiums )  ,, #$%$ corps ..ins co.'s

yup it's Obama's fault, not the state that gives tons of tax breaks to companies with no requirement to remain in the state or employ members of the community. congratulations to the businesses that continue to convince people to vote against their interests and buy into the lie

Doesn't our President realize what he's doing to our country/nation?  How does he sleep at night?  Does he not watch the news or read about it?  I guess not, otherwise he would not be able to look at us in the eye.

Once Oblamercare kicks in the others need to get ready "call center in Kentucky and two call centers in Ohio".

their call center needs will probably show up oversea's in india or philippines. Corporate  America, gotta love it!

At least the company is funding them for two months to give them time to find other jobs.

The job losses are adding up.I predicted another downslide and it is on track to happen.

Whats up with the Easter Egg Roll? Can't seem to find any info on this latest self inflicted embarassment that the Presidents advisors have generated. Gotta be at least 160 jobs at stake there.

Why do all theese excecutives say it was such a hard decision, try deciding wether you eat or have a roof over your head, now thats a hard decision.If they had Indian accents, they would had kept them. SC loss is unfortunately India's gain.

That is because Geiko is kicking their butt

And will be outsourced to India and Philippines.

Red necks o well

Probably because of the education level of these poorly educated people in South Carolina.  Education would help the whole south.  They are a drag on the economy.

Happy now Bush?

This article can not be true - the economy is booming, unemployment is down, home values are up, we all now have health insurance, the wars are done and the troops are home, no more guns, and happy days are here.

economy is doing greatain't it

A town named after Ernest Hemingway in that neck of the woods, who would have thunk?

is it be cuz of the sequester,,,but u still get 2 yrs of unemployment benefitsTo honor Jerry Falwell's memory, this call center was closed as divine retribution.  Punishment to the Southern Puritan trash that contaminates this country

Walmart has plans to spend 50Billion on US made goods. It is a start, but will not stop your neighbor from losing his job.

Based on their commercials, they are trying to appeal to toothless Billy Bob's that are 20-something with 6 kids and a mo-BILE home !!!!PS:  Tell Norm Wutzisname to take a hike !!!The General.  We Rock !!

The  jobs  went  overseas .

I'm sure the company was probably granted 10 years' worth of tax abatements. Now they've ended, they're bailing. Rinse...wash...repeat...to the next sucker community.  Sorry for those losing their jobs.

"It was a hard decision."  Yes, it very hard to decide whether to cut these poor people's jobs or to line their own pockets even more while forcing their remaining employees to work even harder for no additional money.

2 call centers in Ohio....hummm.... wonder if they are union and cried foul cause one of theres should have been closed.....just saying

They spent all their money on stupid commercials with that stupid goofball.

Couldn't have happened in a better state!! (AMEN)

save a job - shoot and endeean!!!