I think it would be nice if part of the agenda of the new leadership of China was to annex  North Korea and relocate all of its current civil and military leadership to a mental reorientation facility. That would be real progressive change.

Talk is cheap.  Nothing will change.

china has come a long way since the days of mao...but do you really trust these folks? I would not. Let's just say, actions will speak louder than words.

This coming from a country who in the late 90s it was estimated over 93% of its copies of Windows were bootlegged.

The changing of power from the old Chinese crooks to the new Chinese crooks is now complete.

Leftists - communists and socialists - aren't trustworthy.  They have other, insidious agendas besides freedom and liberty for the individual.

Actions speak louder than words Mr. Li; Waiting we are!

US politicians are only complain about economic-related things in terms of China. It's like no one even cares about their human rights abuses, probably due to the fact that US-based companies are one of the biggest beneficiaries of said abuses.

we could learn something from china by not becoming the world bankers,they protect their currency while ours grows worthless.

As long as this guy doesn’t say “Hope and Change” there is a chance for China.China is trying to model itself after US in the 1960s while the US continues to try to model itself after China of the 1980s.

There are many parallels between the way China's government is organized and operates and the way a public corporation is organized and operates.

If this guy does what he says, America doesn't have a chance with people like Obama, Pelosi,Reid and the unions in charge.

I'm not holding my breath.

Want to destroy China's economy?Convince them to allow Obummer to run it.

China is an imperialist dictatorship; but when Xi Jinping picked Li Keqiang to be his deputy, he signalled that China wants to reform its archaic bureaucracy. In order to continue economic growth, China must liberalize its Mandarin political ruling system - to allow more efficient business, which will ultimately challenge the single Party's stranglehold on all power.

He and Chairman Mao-Obama should be fast friends. Liars stick together.

One step forward, one step back? Really? Not so fast Mr Smiles.

China now replaces the U.S, as the world's largest and most influential financial and military power.  Believe it or not, those of us in High School in the late 1960's even speculated that China would bring world War III.  We may have been off by a few decades, yet China is now the most formidable force in the world.

Great mouth piece. Let's see how many he kills, and send to the concentration camps.Will they now tear down the Great Wall of China????? lol....

Maybe China can be model for what a true democracy could be. It has lead the world in reforms for long time why not now. I look forward to enviornmental safety. The USA has really not done much in my opinion in that area  and if we are to survive as human beings that needs to be first priority. One out of every 5 or so person on the earth is Chinese.Looking at world the communism or capitalism have both failed to solve the problems of the world. The question is to what degree they have. We need to have a new form of economic system that works for the majority of the humans which we have yet to discover.

China is worried and concerned about its 8% GNP Growth.Oblammer is satisified with our 2% GNP Growth as it's been under 2% for the last few Quarters.Let's not even talk about our Unemployment numbers.Now you see how patheitc our Amateur Golfer in Cheif is.

While China is moving ahead and making changes to it system and economy, American continues to wallow and whine about its former democratic glory. Lets face it, politic freedom and free speech is a cocktail for chaotic and bickering system. US is doomed to follow Britian.

两国达成了一项和平共处的多边协议。

Maybe the Western World needs to pay their workers 28 cents per hour like the Chinese do. Then we can compete and become the top dog again. We can even buy Chinese chains to fasten our workers to their work stations for maximum productivity.

As opposed to the rubber-stamped senate in the U.S.   Curious

Reform what? You mean he's going to oppose killing innocent people for demanding fair wages and lobby for life in prison instead?

He's promising reform, economic growth, and to bring people together to solve his nations problems. Sound familiar?

Hi Benjamin hi Edward, your caption " rubber stamp parliament" is uncalled for. It controls over  2 billions people.Wait, you mean, greater more widespread regulation enforcement  is actually revered by the investor class?  Where the hell is Wall Street when you need 'em."Li, as head of the State Council, or cabinet, is charged with executing government policy...""Ting Lu, chief China economist at Bank of America/Merrill Lynch in Hong Kong, said in a note to clients that the pro-reform tone of the speech would go down well with investors."

Oh, fantastic, there really really are gods - they are called money and power!

Sorry, but I don't buy a single word of what the so called "new leader' of China says

He got a Ph.D in Economics. That's impressive.

So let me guess, he will work on these "reforms" after he finds and kills the ones who voted against him, right?

"In a peace effort, the Chinese leader offered his favorite recipes for dog meat."

All wonderful plans Li. Action speaks louder than words. They have heard of cancer villages where people are dieng at young age in large numbers from polluted environment. One mann's son died of cancer at a young age because of pollution. HE CHALLENGED ANYONE TO SWIM IN THAT RIVER AND WOULD PAY THEM $32,000 IF THEY DID. Because he made waves , dozens of men stormed his home and wrecked the interior. With the majority of government corrupt from the lowest to the highest levels, you will be lucky if they ever will show I big transition for human rights and health. People are getting very anger and this could cause  protests and draw international media attention . Many times they are aware of their serious environmental and health concerns and social issues but they just never do anything about it even after saying they will. In China law enforcement is very relaxed even if it is a serious hazard to people's health and well being. If they don't reform, they will continue to tighten the noose around their necks and China, although it is the fastst growing economy in the world, it wil lbecome the fastest dieing country.

His show off will last a year at most, his promises will be as worthless as Obama's promises.  He will stab his opponents in the back as well as his friends.

Yeah, start paying your citizens a decent wage and allowing unionization...welfare...etc...see how long you stay economically sound...careful how you model yourself China...you could end up broke like us...

"China's rubber-stamp parliament" ??? Why did (Reuters) have to throw that in ???"I think we should not make groundless accusations against each other, and spend more time doing practical things that will contribute to cyber-security," Li said.#$%$ Li.  Our accusations are NOT groundless... we have evidence.  Even my home system is tapped by cowards in China.  Fortunately, they don't get too far.Examples:Mar 11 21:07:36 gateway sshd[29807]: refused connect from 218.69.248.24 (218.69.248.24)Mar 11 22:15:27 gateway sshd[29874]: refused connect from 211.142.95.149 (211.142.95.149)Mar 11 22:47:51 gateway sshd[29907]: refused connect from 211.71.233.2 (211.71.233.2)

Hope someone shoots this son of a #$%$ in the head!  CCP is PURE EVIL!!

''In the unmistakable and universal reformation we are witnessing, when outer conditions of humanity are receiving such impetus, when human life is assuming a new aspect . . . civic laws undergoing change and moralities evidencing uplift and betterment, is it possible that spiritual impulses and influences should not be and reformed? Naturally, new spiritual thoughts and inclinations must also become manifest. If spirituality be not renewed, what fruits come from mere physical reformation?'' Promulgation of Universal Peace, p. 278

That's like an ex-con promising to go straight.

Wake up. They Are quietly seeking world domination. Look around the world and you notice its tenticle arms wrapping around the globe. Next will be the strangle hold. Suddenly we will have new surpressing masters in less than fifty years.

China - the “worlds economic engine”to a larger part is being driven by construction (~50% of GDP)China's real estate bubble - 60 Minutes - CBS News (you can watch the video by searching the title)  China's economy has become the second largest in the world, but its rapid growth may have created the largest housing bubble in history. Lesley Stahl reports. "We discovered that the most populated nation on Earth is building houses, districts and cities with no one in them ... desolate condos and vacant subdivisions uninhabited for miles and miles and miles and miles."

Cyber attacks wouldn't be possible if computer programmers did their jobs right in the first place.  But instead the software development industry is completely overrun with incompetent amateurs and charlatans.

Reform... LOL&gt;.. hahaha... What about the last premier that left, what was his net worth before he became premier and afterwards. Lets see if anyone on this thread has any smarts. Then you can yap to me all about reform, cause its not going to happen. End of another lesson in reality.

China needs to address its horrific human rights issues, especially with Tibet.

All leaders are only puppets of the shadow government and for all those who expect positive changes, just look at Obama's pre election promises (lies) and that's what you will get in China.Hope someone shoots this son of a mutherfuucker in the head! CCP is PURE EVIL!!

So he will "ask" China to stop hacking U S companies? Now you know who is little dog, and for sure you should know who is MR. DOG.