tickle bells, buckle bee, snapple--Snap, Crackle, Pop!  Rice Crispies--------

the only ones dumb enoght to buying big in this market would be the government or some of their off shoots like the public union pension fund.corruption at its best.

GE and AIG all have lots of juice to go. As economy stabilizes look for these two to go nowhere but up. As housing market continues to get legs back look for RDN Radian to be major player. Get on these three now and double/triple your money in a year.

what is the point of these stock exchange stories...we all know the stocks go up and down depending on a multitude of circumstances....top 10 looser or t10 winners it changes all the time looks more like 'filler' for yahoo finance here...

Oh, don't you love just watching organized crime at its best!?

GE is about to take off, got out of credit side of business and has spent last 10 years getting heavy into medical equipment just as baby boom generation is retiring and their parents all hit nursing homes.  GE will be at $40 by years end watch and see.

I am not sure when I am going to bail out.  I erecouped about $10,000 I was down in the stock market thanks to that idiot W (george bush).  Some oil executive who made like $150 million over the last 5 years while the company stock went down 80% is being sued by two hedge funds claiming fraud.  A federal lawsuit accuses SandRidge Energy Inc. of misrepresenting the productivity of natural gas wells in Texas to lure a group of investors into pledging $75 million for exploration there.

At least you don't get too many Obama supporters on the financial stories.

hahah i would like to see how far this train runs.

you are watching the fall of America,ali obama wants state ran banks,the banks today have lost a lot of value and just keep goimg down.with rates so low and ali obama stopping them from trading they soon will be a thing of the past.Look for stock everyone is hating on. Research the company's fundamentals, it's product, and it's potential for gaining market share through innovation, research, marketing, and projected sales. After all that, watch your investment like a hawk.

hmm well we got good solid numbers friday, Fedseems to be continuing QE stuff, NYSE volume is a bit low but overall it looks positive, keep this up for six month then public might start putting more money into markets...that's a given.  So when it all looks great, that's when i get worried about what going to send markets down.....aahhh human nature i guess.  we need some positive news on a consistant basis...so far so good.

Look out next Friday, when the DOW realizes that Mr. Obama has duped them and there is really no spending reduction and the outlook was a joke?

Why do you think stocks pps goes up/down well before any news is published?If you control enough money you get put on the speed dial by corrupt news and so-called analysts.

the banks on there are a bunch of crooks.

Buffet will make a killing this year.

As long as Federal Reserve keep buying our Bonds and printing money this will continue..it's a dangerous downward slope we are on ....but paying our debt with cheaper dollar is what gov wants.   just my view...could be wrong ....but it doesn't feel right.

Seems the economy is improving u debbie downers

Obama is satan

when does obama start taking the blame for his screw ups.He blames every body else for things that he does, or doesn't do!The big boys sell off stocks and lower prices. Then they get on the media and say prices are falling sell now. Then the big boys buy back their shares plus the bargains that the average Joe who took their advice sold. The rich get richer. And the rest keep working until they drop..

Out in '08, laughed through the crash. Real estate, as in close personal investing in units you, yourself, can maintain and rent out, is absolutely the only safe haven. I became financially secure through my real estate investing. I did make lots of money in the market, but that was long ago. I will NEVER get back in, given the absolute fact that it's now manipulated by the mega-investors and corporations. Yeah, I know how the market has gone up. What goes up------

Does the stock market not understand the difference in the words gain and recover? going from 50, to 1, and then up to 2 is not a 100% gain.

I only trade Mexican strippers!

is time to run away from them

These are the same people that helped collapse our economy a few years back and we are suppose to rush back in and invest , I don't think so. you'd be better off playing Russian rue-let with 5 bullets in the chamber.

the "market" is a big ZIONIST slot machine--come on all you dupes losers suckers &amp; chumps--give yr dough &amp; life savings to Israel--Jaime Dimon &amp; Lloyd Blankfien--Bernanke &amp; Soros are waiting for yr retirement money !

"Most active New York Stock Exchange-traded stocks" fracking really?What else were they gonna do? Trade wives?

The stock market isn't a marker for the economy.........it's the fat cats regulating the economy........the average investor doesn't get it until it's too late.......which will be very soon.....Our money is going over seas so fast the green is coming off....when the crash comes the big time investors and overseas markets will be protected.....only the American idiot with money in the market will get crushed.......we should invest in something more stable than the markets like ????

I bet Wall Street traded all of our jobs to China, Korea, Japan, Indonesia, Spain, Cuba, and Singapore. I wonder how much that cost them. Wall Street doesn't care about us, they care about how much is in their wallets and pleasing the unions by giving them enormous profit shares.I want to explain something to you non-finance people.  If you print a bunch of money and double the money supply (or if you have the Federal Reserve buy up 40 billion dollars of mortgage loans each month like we're doing now), then it takes 2 dollars to buy what used to take 1.  At the same time, the stock market would "double", but your actual wealth is unchanged.  A stock market number doesn't matter, it's what your dollars represented in the market will actually buy you.

Profit taking,

"The Pied Piper."

Wake up, gloobee,Ibbee, ahbee, oobee,Lalala, low low---Sahbah, sihbee, sahbah,Ibbee, ahbah, nobbuh,uhdeelee, oh no------Oobee, ahbuh, nobbah,Soobee, ahbuh, dahbuh,Song, song, song seeing,Sing, sing, sing a song------

Looks like old Bennie Bernanke is dumping those counterfeit q.e. bills in the banks..

It's Manipulation Gone Wild!!

Make your profits in the next 3 months then get out of the market.. we are safe for abut that then reinvest in your mattress or fixed income safety..lol     but i say after may it will be shakey and collapse by december... they want all the money in stock for the super rich so they can take yourmoney away from you!!!  the insider win and the few lucky folks who take profits..the theory hold stocks in out dated and ignorant...good luck

I just hope that Greenspam won't be re-elected as the Fed's Chairman. He would wreak havoc to the stock market like in 1999-2000. Another spate of laidoffs would be ensured!

All I see is a lot of bail out money nd Obama donors......God bless America........

The only GAME in town now on Wall Street is trading in "algorithm light-speed time"-- and unless you're super-rich or JP Morgan or Goldman Sachs criminals, etc., you are wasting your money &amp; investments on totally "rigged" markets... WHEN ARE YOU PEOPLE GOING TO WAKE UP &amp; WISE UP???STOP VOTING for corrupt LOBBYIST BRIBED POLITICIANS working with Wall Street &amp; clean the slate in Washington of criminal activity in Congress !!!You can always tell the have-nots, they always claim conspiracy for their lack of being able to compete and get ahead.  Blame it on someone else for your lack of brains &amp; education.

This is old news. as of Tuesday morning

I prerfer to trade Mexican strippers. Much better investment!

The set up is almost complete. It is always a "correction".  Ive seen it so many times. Il say about a 800 point drop over a few days, maybe more. I used to be in the market big time, until I realized when the dust settled I had nothing to show.  Now I have no stock but lots of real estate and when the dust settles its still there.

R. S. O. DID WELL

How did porn and ammo do ?

Just wait everyone will be loosing again!

Built Ford Tuff!

Watch those interest ratesWhen they move the market will tank.IMHO

If the Dow is higher for losing 8.5 million jobs since 2008 we should lose 85 million more jobs and it might reach 140,000. The numbers reflected the last 4 years, is the last buying and selling of America, not a sign of prosperity. This a Heist with everyone getting 'theirs' at the top.Everyone is a Benedict Arnold. Wall Street is the Evil National Pawn Shop as the Fed prints $45 billion counterfeit a month, the White House is the head of a criminal enterprise and the PR media leads and covers for it all, even Fox News and Rush Limbaugh, unwittingly.There is no way for the average person to believe any numbers, facts or stories now, like the Benghazi affair that sought to restrict 1st Amendment Rights by blaming a movie, making up a story about a story as an attack on our Constitution from our evil 'leaders' that can no longer live within its constraints. They did the same thing with Fast and Furious to attack the 2nd Amendment.The media and government/political process has lost it's credibility and honor And sadly, the Military leadership has been subverted and paid off as well. And as we've recently seen, they still do it the old fashioned way with seduction and power to wimp chest full of meaningless medals.As people seek to use their common sense to discern things for themselves they find they have precious little or any at all and many will begin to search for Truth. Before Americans can find any real Truth now, they must find out the real Truth about themselves first to believe it or anything.Things can be the way you want to believe them, are made to believe them or as they really are. It is a good thing that people are now searching for Truth. If you were born a good person and have enough remaining Loyalty to want to follow it's urgings now you may be pleasantly surprised.If you are a typical American on the top, in the middle or the bottom of the trickle down Public trough and Matrix created for you, with your head buried in the sand, believing and feeling entitled in your socially engineered social salvation by the Evil Shepherd in Washington, not so much for you.If this isn’t evidence of corporate collusion at work, nothing is. Mussolini captured the essence of this kind of corporatocracy in a little word that once had a negative connotation. Does it any more?The marriage of government and corporations is defined as fascism.Here’s the news:Treasury Secretary Google?Already a winner on the business front for his support and guidance to President Obama and his reelection campaign, there is growing speculation that Google Chairman Eric Schmidt is in line for an even bigger payoff: secretary of either Treasury or Commerce or a new “secretary of business” slot.Cabinet shakeup watchers have focused on Schmidt and his Yoda status in the Obama reelection campaign, Google’s massive $1.9 million to Democrats in the election, and the administration’s efforts to quiet a potential Federal Trade Commission investigation of Google as key signs that the president wants Schmidt in the cabinet.“Nobody’s better positioned for a Cabinet job, if he wants one,” said a Democratic strategist.Since Obama ran for national office, Google has been there with money and advice. Way back in 2007, Obama visited Google HQ and said, “What we shared is a belief in changing the world from the bottom up, not from the top down.”Ever since, it’s been a match made in heaven

sprint/Nextel...$5.65 with 66,579,300 shares traded....DANG!..how many shares are outstanding..?

Repiglicans haven't yet killed off our economy yet. They sure tried and very nearly succeeded!!! When Jeb Bush is prez they will try again!!!

Wait until your bank account start to decrease, when a dollar is going to worth only .20cents!

|________________________ BANKS GOT BAILED OUT __________________________||___________________________ WE GOT SOLD OUT ____________________________|

Is it sad that they employ tens of thousands of American people??  Grow up!!

Marijuana prices finished the day on a high note.......

The stock market always goes up when fuel prices are going up. Its called inflation. In other words the stock market averages are mathematically relative to the cost of living.  More money is made but its worth less unless immediately invested. Don't be fooled. This is coming from a 60 yr old coot.

Obama has presided over the GREATEST stock market rise EVER. Doubling in just 3 years and now at RECORD levels. So much for his being a SOCIALIST, Republicans. LOL!

Department of Justice employees where using information gained from investigations to make insider trades. They where also passing the information on to friends and family members.everyone is selling Applebee's stock

Sad the BoA rises when it is not an American company.

Yea the cosmetics and apparel is getting real cool. Its hard to just take one top when there are 7-10 feisty colors you have to buy them in every color. Stretch jeans in neat fabulous colors.. such cool stuff. I have two different colors in my hair and getting ready to tip the bottom another color adding black to it. I ma having fun just browsing their selections and ideas they have come up with. Love the eye make ups and the fragrances..its just cool.

If Obama was MUTE, Congress would get there job done. Harry Reid cut Obama out on immigration. It was the only way to get a bipartisan consensus vote to pass. Now Obama wants to claim credit. Spoiler.

Mr. President. If you want to be a great leader, you first have to do something great. Using disasters to push ones propaganda/beliefs through emotions is certainly not statesmen nor great. Let Congress do its job, don't be a spoiler. Give credit when credit is due.

I ain't no J lover but, this current market makes me forget about Obama and his 52 percent. I am moving on. And Obama lovers are looking to welfare and gay marriage. Oh, and I don't own a gun, so that don't bother me either. Good luck, you shiftless perverted lib baggers! Good luck, Freaks!

What goes up always comes down.

In the latest in a string of high-profile hacking disclosures, the Federal Reserve confirmed on Wednesday that one of its websites was broken into by cyber hackers in a breach that reportedly leaked the contact information of thousands of bankers.While the central bank said the incident didn’t “affect critical operations” of the Federal Reserve System, the disclosure is sure to fuel concerns about the cyber security of government websites and critical financial infrastructure.The Fed hack appears to be tied to an Anonymous group that published on Twitter the credentials of more than 4,000 commercial bankers early Monday morning. The group, Operation Last Resort, said it received the documents “via the FED.”

Just wait till another computer trading glitch robs people blind. It's coming.

I'm surprised that Applebee's (DIN) isn't on the list.  A lot of stockholders are going to lose money there.MJNA traded 39,661.807. Thank you.

This is the time to buy real estate, lots of great deals to be found and  money is cheap.

so when the bulls come ?

I am having an electric water fountain installed in my home this year..kind of like the ones we had in school. This will stimulate the household humans to drink more water. I already have tree washers and dryers but I still want dishwasher add on to my selection to go with my new sink bowl...and I want a new refrigerator soon.

Nice to see that Obama doubled our national debt forever screwing our younger generation and the only outcome of it all is that he was able to buy his last election and all of his friends, family and backers became filthy rich. My my how they must laugh at you sheep when they are behind closed doors.

The big loser Bank of America and the big winner CBS Corp.  Now, if someone can tell me the 2:00, 3:00, 4:00, we can look for some sinister activity taking place.

If you bought 1000 shares of Citigroup when it was trading around $1 (a total cost that amounts to what most people pay annually for cable - a luxury you don't really need) before the reverse split, you would have over 2 grand in profits sitting in your brokerage account. It's possible to make money if you're willing to make the sacrifices and learn the trade.

Why would you print a story like this, its deceptive. Amid economic reports, the Dow today is at its lowest ever, but at the same time the White House claims 10 Dow picks that are hot? Why did Obama cancel the Jobs Report Commission yesterday? The numbers were not to his liking. It failed miserably. so he cancelled it, and blamed someone else.

My brokerage account skyrocketed $22.13 today! If I only could afford to invest more. Being (American middle class) poor sucks.

Come on Uranium !!! Wish the price of that would double over night !!!If all my stocks return to 2000 level...Ill be good to go :)

Bryan: Quit bashing my oil companies u liberal DEM!

ask a liberal what is wrong with america and they will tell you capitalism and those evil wall street bankers.  remember OWS?  point out how bad the economy is under Obama and the first thing they will point to is the Dow.

ww3 end all that....then what you got........nadda

To change the subject, who do you thiink is going to win the super bowl?

All GARBAGE stocks, how many can you own of each one? like 3?

Smith &amp; Wesson is doing real well... No surprise there...

I don't like Bank of America but if their stocks will make me rich then I have no problem.

Don't for get next weeks favorite  (cloud 9 computing) OR some ten brokerages claim in last 43hr Looking for The other guy with the SAME Name! #$%$  NW mutal

This can't be, it can't be at 13,600 something or others, Obama's a socialist and communist, our existence is unraveling before our vary eyes. It's falling apart supposedly.Make sure you wipe your BofA before pulling your pants up. The  BofA is the bank of fraud.

Shocking, the rich get richer.  These chickenhawks set the market into a frenzy, buy up the stocks when they're low, and then sell high.

Mexican strippers are a safe investment.

most active stocks in 2012  were GUN-stocks. (literately)

Obama hasn't banned the NYSE yet?

I'll never invest in a bank. Some people have very short memory spans

B of A. gained 2.2% and that is using money that was defrauded from customers. A smart stockholder would sell his B of A stock before the massive fraud cases go to court.

WASHINGTON (The Borowitz Report)—Introducing a new wrinkle into the already fraught fiscal cliff showdown, a consortium of billionaires today warned that if their taxes are raised they will no longer have enough money to buy politicians.The group, led by casino billionaire Sheldon Adelson, commissioned a new study showing that the cost of an average politician has soared exponentially over the past decade.While the American family has seen increases in the cost of food, health care and education, Mr. Adelson says, “those costs don’t compare with the cost of buying a politician, which has gone through the roof.”The casino billionaire points to his group’s study, which puts the cost of purchasing an average House member at two million dollars and an average senator at several times that.“And let’s say you buy a Senator like [South Carolina Senator] Jim DeMint and he decides to quit,” Mr. Adelson says. “Good luck trying to get your money back.”The Vegas magnate complains that the media has ignored billionaires’ essential role in giving jobs to politicians who would otherwise have difficulty finding “honest work of any kind.”“Billionaires are providing employment for a group of seriously incompetent and marginal people,” Mr. Adelson says. “You raise taxes on us, and who’s going to create those jobs? I really don’t think people have thought this through.”Adding insult to injury for America’s billionaires, he says, “the simple dream of someday owning a President is slipping out of reach.”“People think a billion dollars buys you a President, but they’re wrong,” he says. “It barely gets you a lemon like Mitt Romney.”

I took a dookie in the urinal one time, it was bad mkayy... This reminds me of that..

go pump and dump IVAN...........and get out of my face.When will Central Banks Become Transparent?When will "Fast and Furious"perpetrators be brought to justice?When will Jon Corzine be charged with a CRIME?When will America realize that these Too Big To FAIL folks Arent Too BIG to Jail?Dr Jan Roche Soriano

I thought Glock would be on the list along with Berreta and Smith&amp;Wesson.

that house good old places, Dalene gets that form her cats and dogs, yes lairs  they needed a life now. no humping, his a humper

Sheeple these companies all have one thing in common, the majority of them are owned by jeewz and when you put your money in it you are helping finance Israel and their coming world order, not to mention the taxpayers of this country they way it is give them 7 million bucks a day.

Monsanto? Apple? Windows 8? Take your Pick Everybody's Dumping These Cheap. They all Have that Enron feel to them...

buy stock in guns &amp; ammo companies.

Wallstreet provides as much benefit to society as Las Vegas. The top 10 corporations pay less taxes than the average american household.

Glock and Sig Sauer stock are through the roof.Buy Ammo in bulk and go long...

AMD and HP are being womped by the downturn in Windows-based computer sales.  Way to go .. Mr. Balmer !!!

If you have any "discretionary money",.. BUY SandRidge Energy,...SD.  LOOK at the 30 Minute, 10 DAY Chart!! It'll blow you away! It looks like a "hostile takeover" coming. Do your OWN DDGood luck!  all JMHOSell, sell,sell and buy gold. We have another 4 years of  stagnation ahead of us. Get used to it. The guy in the white house is incompetent.

Bank of America's ok, but what about tech growth stocks?   I'm talking about the ones that will grow significantly.  Here's a link to an informative article and unlike others it explains exactly why the stocks will climb:http://seekingalpha.com/article/921751-understanding-the-future-of-solar

You should do yourself a favor and check out thisreport y.ahoo.it/ACpcT

AP, you missed Nokia with over 100 mil. traded

most active new york stock exchange-traded stocks-yahoo finance

B of A can suck my johnson

The economic equation is broken.Debts no longer are paid with cash that was earned doing something productive but with digits entered into a computer.

i love morgan stanley,,,if they fell into a muddy ditch,,they would find a $50 dollar bill, as they climmbed out,,,,,,

Bac Berkshire american company inc.

How about  Facebook?  Available  as  yet?BAC WILL BE $20.00  A SHARE BY YEARS END

Dish or Google will buy Sprint.Stock will go over $10. This is the cheapest tech stock for potential upside.

Alcoa is a steal @ $9.55!!  Waaaaaay undervalued!  Buy, buy, buy!

GE All the way...  these electric cars coming THIS SUMMER need something to charge them. The small charging stations will be everywhere... And who makes those engines for the recent boeing deals??

GE= BEST BY FAR

RF's TARP obligation will not be auctioned as a buyer for the entire bank may  emerge.

I think GNW Is a stock To Make Some $$$ In A 2 year time Frame

The shares of BAC will be $20 by the end of the year. This stock has been beaten down unjustly by the crooked shorts.

BAC is by far the most traded stock. What these day traders dont understand is that this stock will triple in a matter of months. They are so short sited they trade it two or three times a day just to make $10 dollars. They are all so short sited

#$%$ people this is not political forum...this is money making forum...share with each other your honest opinion on how to make some green paper..this my active protfolio ..........what do you guys thinking about this trucking company YRCW...I am very tempted to buy some share to make quick paper money...it might have a good quick short run for quick money.....its very interesting / weird stock if you look at its chart....and I only saw a high volume trades recently and not in previous years..any fedback will be appreciated. So far i have these stocks in my protfolio for a long term GE 400 @ $16.22, Intel 155 @ $20.69, Pfizer 202 @ $15.45, AMD 380 @ $6.49, AA 500 @ $8.55BAC has more than 10 bill stock Paper on Market &amp;  Government Hand on it. gov try to get out of it.

Rep at BAC metioned that the bank is slowly selling off the mortgages and the share price will improve.

Bank of America is most traded stock by far. What people don't know is that the government is getting ready to bail it out again. Everyone at BAC is hush about it because its stock price will skyrocket after the announcement.

Amazing how the news groups have given up for dead Kodak ,once was the day siri  was down this road an shorts got fried on rumors much same as kodak has had including how Moody down graded siri too at the time . But news groups wont tell people who shorting kodak is amazing. Telling people to sell their stock rumors for ek resemble what they did too siri

I made a gigantic discovery, I discovered that the entire Gold market doesn't actually "trade", but is rather controlled by a computer program. I know this because I discovered the "code" of this program, which is actually something very simple in nature, but that allows you to know which direction Gold is about to go before it goes there, thus allowing you to make trades on Gold and have a very high degree of success. Google “Gold Trading Academy” to learn more.

okey.-very happy,muchs, salud and money, i am novel, in thes performanse, before in investigation economist, i liket, soo, estudyies satisfactorys. bay.

Zeke , I can remember when we did all the exporting and their was only 10 % imports .We need fair and balance trade and that ain't happening . Because big companies want bigger profits .

Obama is an empty suit...and an emptier uniform...

If you liked bank transfer day, you'll love this. It can prevent DOUBLE the money transferred on that day from reaching Wall Street EVERY MONTH.MAKE THIS GO VIRAL! For years we've been told to never touch our retirement savings. That was before we found out that crooked Wall Street banksters were using our 401k as their own personal pocketbook. Cutoff the supply of money they use against us each and every day...OURS! 2012 will be a very trying year for us all and we can all use a little extra cash. Just for 2012, go on line to your retirement provider and set your retirement contribution to 0%. You can change it anytime and it only takes a few minutes and key strokes. This will give you the extra money you'll need next year AND you'll be doing the country a favor by fighting back NOW!

Well , the supper commitee , sure isn't helping gingrich's idea for investors into the , stk.mrkt.Nathan , I was born at night , but it wasn't last night . The key , word is now , but what about later . That megger little dividend won't even by your gas .Those who do have an income , now had betteruse it wisely and stay away from those who are trying to suck you in with their salesmanship .Ole NEWT don't  give a rats .........about your future or your living , in fact he doesn't even care if you live at all .Like going to a casino and put down a wadger , win or lose . And they don't build the new , casino's on their money , because they don't lose neither do the fat cats on WAL_STRT.GO !!!OWS!!

Obama's bill should be called "Job Cremation." It is not a long term solution but more hidden cost for the US taxpayer to absorb.

anyone who would invest in this market ,is either  ,stupid , or an inside trader , who has connections .

the marketmaker is shorting it because I bought 100 contracts, don't be fooled, short cover blowup around corner (see rmbs) (see nov performance on SOXX) Also, the door is now open for buyout, no more antitrust worries.... and they MAKE MONEY

You immature kids need to stop with conspiracy #$%$. There are no illuminaties or secret Zionist society, or George Bush becoming dictator. All I heard for 8 years. Your being brain washing into believing in that, and I bet you still believe there is Santa Claus. Either you are not born here or don't know American history, The United States had crashes in the economy before. Panic of 1797, land speculation bubble. Panic of 1873 to 1879. Panic of 1893 the stock market crashes. Great depression of 1929 to 1941. Yet The United States came back stronger. Our economy is not perfect but at we have economic freedoms to make a PROFIT, knowing this is a dirty word to those who are against capitalists. If you want to learn then get off the potty.Also Israel didn't exist until 1948. So your BULL about Zionists and Other Illuminatie conspiracies are all Bull and you actually believe all of that #$%$.

Bank Of America, BAC, is a great company. It's stock value will continue to grow. Great time to buy while it's still in the low 8"s. The financial sector are on a flooding comeback and their subsidiaries are doing well also. Also the Europeans are now allowed to short their own stocks again, henceforth they will not be shorting US financials.

where in the hell are the BANKS getting the money!   If it wasn't for the new accounting laws you would all be trillions of dollars in debt!  I don't the the feel of the dollar to wipe my arase with!

okey.the bisnnes of cias, triple AAA, IS GOOD INVERSION.-

Can't see too much more downside to Ford. Should be UP from here.

AMD  may be bought.    The stock would double overnight if this happens.  Its way undervalued as it is.  Should be at least a 7 dollar stockWhen time for annual bonuses .... Will the Ford management team be rewarded very handsomely again for this very POOR financial performance? ... or will the board vote for the "right action" be taken (ie; no bonuses) and to join the share holders in their suffering a very slow "water torture" loss to share price ?... NOTE: also very curious about the timing of this announcement - this info should have been announced much sooner ... or better yet corrective action should have been taken to ameliorate the losses overseas!!!

Arrest everyone associated with the economic team of George W. Bush.  They should all be in jail.

Look at the premiums for call options for onty

Just wait until taxes kick in and the mortgage rate comes back to normal.

The Bank of America shareholders should take an immediate class actions before it's too late, to investigate the former and present CEO's and those Board of Directors of acquiring Countrywide! It seems pretty obvious those thugs to cover up the schemes of the deals; they prefer to let Bank of America go under rather than file a bankruptcy of it countrywide division!!!!!

And tomorrow these same stocks along with the rest will drop to there previous levels or close to it.  That's the nature of the beast.

DON'T BUY A CAR OR TRUCK FROM SUNRISE FORD IN FT PIERCE.  THEY SOLD ME A BRAND NEW FORD TRUCK THAT WAS RUSTED OUT.  IN FACT DON'T BUY A FORD BECAUSE THEY WILL NOT DO ANYTHING.  TIM IN FORT PIERCE WITH THE RUSTY FORD TRUCK

(GRO) is a billion company that trades for .72 cents how is that possible?? answer wall street is crooked and corrupt and the regular person has turned off wall street and this has mad the rich worried cause they cant keep stealing the middle class or lower middle classes retirement monies and its cause a cliff on wall street the rich have seen the movie the rise of the dark knight thats what they fear.... a rise and there fall... money can only go so far til everyone gets mad only a few have it. thats what they fear the most. the many rising and taking what a few enjoy.

Dividends are all that you are going to get and that will never make up for the stock loss if it declines . When the stock goes up , if it does , the dividend drops . What about the short sellers and the hedge funds , all those are within the market . Day traders that cause the market to fluctuate . This did't happen in the earlier years when people invested in good reliable American companies . Then you could count on them for continued growth . Those days are gone , it is a different market , today . This economy is a GLOBEL economy . Thanks to the republicans ,namely BUSHs both SR. &amp; JR.