There are no winners in nuclear war, but a defensive edge might save some from what is otherwise certain incineration.

If countries want to avoid conflicts between their governments, trade trade trade.  That's mutually assured survival.

No form of missle defense is fullproof.  With multiple warheads on each missle, the odds of destroying them all is not good.  What we're talking about here is, once again, mutual destruction as a defense.  This was the basis of our defense throughout the Cold War.  Now with Iran and North Korea in the picture, if Russia and America don't learn to work together, the chances of a mistake have increased dramatically.  In fact, a strategy by either of these rogue states which would trigger mutual attacks between the US and Russia would be to their advantage.  We, the world, are probably in more danger now from a total nuclear war than ever before.

Russia has plenty of nuclear subs to accomplish MAAD.  This was never about the missiles.  It is about former soviet satellite countries getting too close to the west.  Ukraine gets too close and has their gas cut off.  Georgia joins NATO and gets partially annexed.

All they need to do is go to our Southern Border where the hugeWELCOME sign hangs!

Since when we have to reassure the Russians?

With friends like Russia and China, who needs nuclear-armed enemies?

Hmmm, Russia is worried that we are protecting our homeland. What is that about? It sounds as though someone threw a cog in the wheel of Russian planning.

Why is everyone ticked off at us??? Too much b.o.???

Who cares why the US readjusting its position? They key is they completely eliminated a provision that was identified by Russia as the KEY stumbling block - interceptors in Eastern Europe.   This just further demonstrates that Russia does not oppose the plan itself (as a threat to their strategic nuclear forces) but simply oppose the US for irrational/illogical reasons - if US wants something, that means we don't.So Russia is not communist it is now a dictatorship on the lines of  Hitler.  We must do what is best for us and stop worrying  about other peoples views.

Look at the template.  The template was made when NATO was formed for one reason. To counter a Soviet invasion of Europe with a unified front of countries in a collective defensive coalition.Since there is no more Soviet Union, the Wall came down why is there not only a NATO today but an Expanding Nato today?

We have lost our positive world influence only to become their joke as we deserve since we are becoming just another socialist/communist country.

Ka-boom!!!!!! Who turned off the lights?? We paid the bill???

Time to buy a nuke sute?? Your gonna like the way you look???

like we should give a shi--------t !

Yo Russia, check out your "neighbors", NK and China.  The US is trying to contain two of your "not so friendly friends", for your benefit too.

Reuters, who cares about Pushkov's opinion!? Isn't he and the Russian Duma the ones who are covering, and supplying the weapons to, Assad's butt in Syria while he relentlessly commits genocide on his populace!? Their sincerity is doubtful at best, lethal at worst to world peace! See their support for N. Korea, Iran as an example!

Actually, I almost can't believe it, that's a smart decision. mark this one down, won't see them thinking very often.. Well, I guess it's like they say...Even a blind squirrel gets a nut, every now and then.

Sounds like HE has heard these Empty Promises from Barry before !!!Okay, so what, Russia's #$%$.  It's sort of easy to understand why when we saw the state of their land based missile forces during the Start II stand down.  Puddles of frozen water at the bottom of launching pits (all but guaranteeing a booster explosion on launch), cracked solid fuel motors, liquid refueling stations where the oxidizers have long since leeched into the ground . . .Frankly their FUNCTIONAL arsenal is probably only 25% of fielded systems, and high command in Moscow probably doesn't know where that 25% actually IS since they have to rely on field readiness reports which may indicate true readiness or what the individual commander whats his readiness report to read.  Sort of makes running a nuclear deterrent difficult if you don't know from day to day if it'll actually work.  Particularly during the winter months.

So Russia doesn't want to the U.S. to shoot down inbound nukes?  #$%$ off.

My question is, if Russian intentions are pure, what makes them think we want anything from them? What makes them think we are a danger to their existence? The are still the paranoid POS they have always been.

Hagel is such a joke. They can’t stop laughing in the Kremlin.

We can spend all this tax-dollar money on missle shields on two continents, but that is not what will get us.  All you need is a dirty nuclear bomb on a plane crashed into a city or on a boat in the harbor.  The wind directions will cause a wide swath of panic and slow destruction.  The Radition produced could kill a large area.  Far worst then any meltdown at a nuclear energy facility.  Just a few of these and the stock market will spin out of control.

Funny that they are so afraid of a defensive weapon that would only shoot incoming missiles down. What are they worried about unless they are worried about not being able to nuke Europe?

Who can trust the US with a president that doesn't know what he is doing .We do need to have a missile defense in Europe also  not only to protect Europe but to defend US interest overseas .But Obama will do is think about this problem then decided to push it off on someone else just like he is doing with the deficit.By borrowing money from China makes our country weaker

It wouldn't surprise me if Russian helped NK develop their nuclear program.

We could just drop all defenses and wait til we are forced to attack,then the entire world's surface and atmosphere will be ultra radioactive after we dump our whole arsenal onto it. Is that what all those freaking genius politicians want? Do they really think they aren't pushing in that direction? Do they really think it could never happen?

Lets see here, we are not putting missiles in Russia, so why would Russia have anything to say about it? Sounds like the Russians have something up their sleeves.Russian Lawmaker:" It's ok for us to threaten you with nuclear missiles; but it's not ok for you to seek to protect yourself from that threat."

I was a soldier on the front lines of the cold war.  When I got the opportunity to come face to face with the "enemy" I found him to just be an average Joe.  They shared their vodka, we shared our pot.  We got along just fine until the politico's and their generals showed up.

Sorry Russia.  We care about our own country's security, not your opinion.

U.S. officials said they were forgoing development of a new interceptor that would have been deployed in central eastern Europe and has been a focus of Russia's concern that the shield would weaken its nuclear deterrent. So they will install these missals that are only 50% effective to protect the citizens of the US I guess we don't rate to have the good ones to protect us like they planned to protect Europe. Interesting!

"The main problem of Russia-U.S. ties now is very low trust". Now they know how most Americans feel daily about their government!

Yes, well I am sure that We cannot trust each other but We can destroy each Other so...how about setting aside a corner of the world and destroying the rest? For naught. A thousand times and still, not enough. You cannot teach a Sneech.

Next, we'll be selling them whole sale in northern Canada

Sc**w Russia.

Why are we still fighting the "fukkng" Cold War, anyway?

The United States doesn't have to ask anyones permission to defend ourselves - especially the Russians.let's face it we are headed back to The Cold war. Thanks to the current Russian Leadership.

Russia you have nothing to worry about, as long as you don't launch ICBMS to the US you will not see the power this DEFENSIVE WEAPONS SYSTEM has. Why are we even giving them the time of day, this is a defensive system, we shouldn't even consider what they have to say when we are protecting our selfs from a country that sells Nukes to Iran and any other terrorist in the world all for money and trying to interrupt world security all because no one has any respect  or fear of them any more. They are a wanna be super power has been, screw them and stop giving them a platform to even talk on, it is none of their business!

I don't quite understand his argument, "your defensive weapons defends you to well, we don't like it, and we demand you stop."  Can we please stop calling Russia a ally, they go out of their way to stab us in the back on every turn.  It could be argued they are no longer a true democracy."enable the West to shoot down some Russian intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs), threatening Russia's security.Some Russian officials have said they suspect that is the true aim of the system."Ya, we don't have a little chubby Korean threatening to nuke us three times a week, but hey your not saying anything about that.

Are we to believe that Russia isn't investigating missile defense strategies the same as every other developed nation on the planet?

Not being able to shoot down Russian missiles undermines the security of the USA. Who should we, the American taxpayer care about? Russians or Americans? Nyet, comrades, it ain't u(SSR)!

Pure political posturing for money.  Both the USA and Russia have doomsday capability.We don't even need to launch.  If we detonate our ground based weapons where they sit it will destroy all human life on earth several times over.  There's deterrent overkill.

In spite of what BO seems to believe I do not think it is in our best interest to act in a way to keep Russian leaders happy.

Maybe Moscow would feel more comfortable with Ukraine in NATO.

And meanwhile, Nuclear Armed Russian bombers circle Guam??? (See "Related Content" above.)

But I am le tired.....OH WELL FIRE MISSILES!He could have just said "Obama is lying" and everyone would have understood.

Don't really care what Russia thinks.  They are a great deal of the problem, selling and giving technology to N Korea, Iran, Syria and countless others so they can be a nuisance to us.  Waiting on their so-called friends to turn on them once they discover how badly Russia treats Muslims.  Could be interesting.

WHenever I read articles like this about "Russia", I'm reminded of a Simpsons episode where the Russian UN Ambassador slips that the USSR is alive and well. Then tanks pop out of children's parade floats, the Berlin Wall pops out of the ground, and Lenin starts walking away from his tomb.

Russia needs to grow out of their paranoia and try hard to become part of the world in a superpower capacity that they are capable of.  The so called "shield" is a deterrent for NATO, not the US.

The number of interceptors, the US is talking about, pales in comparison to the number of ICBM's Russia would be able to launch.  The US system is intended to be used against possible launches by smaller, less stable, countries like Iran &amp; N. Korea.

They weren't threatened by their little buddy N. Korea so they just need to shut up...

Russia is Public Enemy No. 1’ – Mitt RomneyOnly when all of the Cold War warriors/politicans die off will it change.  The same thing happens in the US.  Trust does not automatically replace distrust.  If you have spent your life looking for deception, you can make it up in your mind no matter what is really happening.

I really don't give a rats #$%$ what those stupid #$%$ Russians want. If they don't want to cooporate with the US then we blow them off the face of the earth.. The same with Iran and any other jack#$%$ country out there.

I do know we have used atomic bomb against japan and by testing we found out the hydrogen bomb by mistake the bikini Island still (glowing) to this day.

IThe U.S. has "upped the (ante) for missle defense.

If Russians wanted nukes to drop on U.S. soil, all they had to do was to give them to North Korea.

My country has illegally invaded Iraq &amp; Afghanistan and is seeking an excuse to invade Iran &amp; Syria. I understand how Russia or any other country might be concerned. Don't think I like saying this. I want us to have a perfect DEFENSE but to be peaceful otherwise. I know what one of you is going to say "If you don't like saying it, don't say it".

THE WORLD IS A CHESS BOARD

A nuclear war of any kind, is a no win situation for anyone. That is the bottom line...even that insane pip squeak in north korea

Heartland Americans don't trust Washington !   Do you think foreigners should be different ?

Who cares what Russia thinks, this first of all is a defensive weapon, so they can go #$%$ up a rope for all I care! They are  just mad they have not been able to steal all the technology thus far since they cant invent any thing worth while them self's. Let me ask any one in the world if  they trust Russia and even half the Russian populaces will tell you they don't, that includes my Russian wife!

Moscow says the system will undermine Russia's nuclear deterrent because it could also give the West the ability to shoot down Russian missiles.I thought that was the purpose of the system? Russia you making no sense at all.

Now that containment has taken on a new potency I would like to quote ex general Eward C Meyers who now resides in Arlington Virginia."The focus of national security since world war II has been the containment of the spread of communism. Our alliances, our military forces,our security assistance, our doctrine, and out tactics have all been based on this containment ethos."

While we debate the idiosyncrasies of "how to defend America best"...can we PLEASE close our effin' borders?Talk about a total lack of common-sense!!!!We are being overrun and yet talking about what "might someday be a problem,maybe,possibly".Russia is not the issue, N. Korea is and we have to look at protecting our country from the Mad Midget Kim Mentally Ill Un.

If you remember not too long ago Obama was caught on an open mike talking to the Russians talking about the anti-missile shield in Europe, he told them he couldn't do anything then but just wait until he was re-elected he would be more flexible.

You want to attack the US? Might as well get it over with? You would rather torture the #$%$ Riot? Thought so. Cowards.

What's he upset about? Obama and his fexibility were re-elected.

So let Puskovasihitz design and pay for his plan

Why would any nation trust us? When have we kept our word? War is money and profit for the few.

why would anyone trust us, we sold out the people of south Vietnam ,Afghanistan ,Iraq and every other place we committed our selves,why don't we just give them money to not build nuclear weapons like Clinton did with the north Koreans. see how well that worked.

Don't let them do this to the future generations.  NEver was the COLD war more hot and cold then during my life time.  As children in school we practiced hiding under our desk or filing down into the boiler room of the school in case "of a nuclear attack.'  This dog won't hunt anymore this fear that Russia is the enemy and Iran is interested in striking the US all BULLCHIT in order to keep pumping billions of billions of dollars into the Military Industry Complex  and in so doing not create more security rather pizz people off by encroaching upon them.  Russia is not in an 'expasionist' mode China is and so is the Pentagon.

We trade with both&lt;who is worried abount communism&lt;other than wallmart

The problem with trusting somebody like the Russians is their commitment to their own people. It's that same love they show them that needs to be reciprocated by the U.S..our president can be trusted 100%

Anyone remember the reason for the Cuban missile crises?  Same thing we are doing in reverse.  But its okay for us to do it.  If the shields in Romania will have no impact on missiles released in Iran then Russia has a good point.

I love studying Russian history . . mainly because it changes SO often . .. . like when they tell of how they contributed so much to defeating Hitler and leave out the part of you they signed a treaty with Nazi Gernany so they could carve up Poland and the rest of Eastern Europe . .. . they are SUCH cut-ups, those Russians . . and SO trust-worthy . . .

The Russians are not the enemy that these ABMs are protecting against, but they sure want to be seen as them......keeps the politicians in office to have a bad guy wanting to steal all their stuff....

There is very little Russia could do to stop us --they have become dysfunctional and are side tracked by a power hungry Putin -- Russia has a hard time fielding a Navy or complete air force--Japan now has the # 2 navy in the world

Could it be Obama has no credibility with the Russians and they find his plan to deploy more missiles in Alaska and Europe suspect?

They are worried that we could shoot down some Russian I.C.B.M.'s? an enemy is an enemy, Maybe we should put them there.

What is Rodmans take on this?

dont bother ya if we move them from 1 place to another-then what the h@#$ are ya bit@#$% about

He is funny! Soooooo dramatic!Sure glad the Cold War is over. If not, I would be deeply concerned that Russia's ally, North Korea, was purposely staging their latest scream and shout session as a move to force the US into shifting missile defense assets away from Europe, leaving those allies wide open to Soviet... ah, I mean Russian blackmail. Wait, does anyone recall seeing Cold War surrender documents? How do we know it ended? That's right, the Russians and their state-controlled sympathizers in the Western media told us. All is well; that is such a relief. Move along, nothing to see here folks. For a minute there I was concerned.

Remember Obamas message to Putin,Just wait until the elections are over and I will give you anything your want,Yes you Obama Zombies he said that its on tape,

Maybe Vladimir shouldn't be backing Iran's nuclear development and blocking UN sanctions on Iran . You gotta defend yourself from crazy people . Iran and North Korea , etc....

"I can be a lot more flexible once I am reelected."

Tough!

I kind of have to agree with him.  When you're counting on a government that openly targets its own citizens with drones, how much do you really want to trust them?

You know...when are our leaders gonna get a pair and just say too f'ing bad! If the Russians stopped their tough guy talk and stopped supporting countries that threaten much of the world, then we wouldn't feel the need for a defensive posture. I personally don't care what they say!

Russia/the Russian people are not the enemy of America. The real threat faced not only by Russians...but also Americans...is corruption of our congress/their duma.....by big-business/the wealthy....who will likely look to weaken Russian government/government regulation and tax laws in order to exploit resources/amass riches.....at the expense of Russia's newly forming democracy/the Russian people. The Russian people should keep an eye on their congress/duma....to see which lobbyists are paying off which congressman/duma-member....to pass their pro big-business/pro-wealthy/anti-government/anti-regulation/anti-tax bills. If their new democracy/economy/government is not properly funded/regulated....it will fail. If Duma members are getting rich while they're IN office...and when they get OUT of office....this is a good sign of rampant government corruption of their congress/duma members....by the rich/big-business/corporate interests. China is now known as one of the most polluted nations on earth from lack of proper environmental laws/enforcement of environmental laws. Lack of government regulation of business in China has also led to widespread violations of civil/human/labor/property and other rights.

What bothers Russia more?The fact that we could do it without them or that we could do it in spite of them???

obozo said he would have more flexibility after the elections; has he talked with Rodman about this?Russia is right about the interceptors in Romania and especially northern Poland are not mend for Iranian launched missiles.Firstly, they will be already in the stratosphere and secondly Iranian missiles would have to have a "L" shape trajectory kind of like a rifle being able to shut from around the corner for the interceptors planned to be installed in most northern tip of Poland

Only Reuters Propaganda Post can come up with something like this, Like they are trying to cause #$%$!

Here's how it works Boris, nobody in America ever gave a speech pounding his shoe on the podium claiming he wanted to bury the Soviet Union. You keep your missiles to yourself and you don't have to worry about our defense shield. If you don't want to see your own cities in flames, don't launch on ours. Now lay off the vodka, it makes you a pissy drunk.

We should just take over Russia and see if they object to a missile defense then?

then Russia needs to do something about north korea, if not then #$%$ off russia

and we should care ..why..???

What a loony russian idiot. Im sure the United States of America seeks Russias consent before we build our anti ICBM shield all over the world. Its THEM we are protecting against. Them and China.North Korea and Iran are just excuses that we are using why the shield is needed. Both countries know the real reason..........

russia you guy are always starting #$%$,you guys gave weapons to assad in syria,help iran with nuclear technology, so stop crying when your the cause of the problem.

If Russia and China put pressure on Iran and N. Korea we wouldn't have to build up our missile defense system, but they both want to see our military drained and weakened.

Using taxpayers money to build arms to protect other country is a plan wrong. Is it too much money to sit around and they don't know where to spend.More Americans are on its way to be homeless.Russian political dictators are a bunch of bichtes, just lke Owebama....

Wait a minute:""Just moving interceptors from one site to another fundamentally changes nothing from the Russian point of view," he said."(Lukyanov). Excuse me, with missile sites all over the former Soviet Union, and no guarantees that some rogue element will fire one off at the US, moving interceptors from Poland to Alaska SHOULD change things. Putting interceptors, a defensive weapon, on American soil, as opposed to Eastern European soil (which irritated Russia in the first place) is something America should have every right to do, especially with the crazy administration in North Korea, China and Russia's pet pit bull, threatening preemptive attacks. Let's try not to be silly, Mr Lukyanov.

Trust us Ivan, would we vaporize you...........

They need to get rid of every single nuke. No country should have them.

we the people dont trust our Govment  either..

"Russian lawmaker not reassured by U.S. missile defense plan"Who gives a crappe what they think, want or feel. We do what we do!!!!

So,Our ability to shoot down nuclear missiles aimed to destroy us somehow makes you uncomfortable?To bad FU!

Russia/the Russian people are not the enemy of America. The real threat faced not only by Russians...but also Americans...is corruption of our congress/their duma.....by big-business/the wealthy....who will likely look to weaken Russian government/government regulation and tax laws in order to exploit resources/amass riches.....at the expense of Russia's newly forming democracy/the Russian people. The Russian people should keep an eye on their congress/duma....to see which lobbyists are paying off which congressman/duma-member....to pass their pro big-business/pro-wealthy/anti-government/anti-regulation/anti-tax bills. If their new democracy/economy/government is not properly funded/regulated....it will fail. If Duma members are getting rich while they're IN office...and when they get OUT of office....this is a good sign of rampant government corruption of their congress/duma members....by the rich/big-business/corporate interests. China is now known as one of the most polluted nations on earth from lack of proper environmental laws/enforcement of environmental laws. Lack of government regulation of business in China has also led to widespread violations of civil/human/labor/property and other rights.

Of course I should also point out that this missile defense system was being set up by George Bush and then canceled when Odumba took office. Of course now it's going to take more time and money to finish it than it would have if Odumba didn't cancel it to begin with, but that's Odumba for you, he can't give credit to someone else for anything other than blame.

Why all the paranoia unless it's going to interfere with Russia's plans for eastern Europe?Everyone knows Russia, or should I say Putin, wants to reassemble the old Soviet Union. If not willingly then forcefully.The old school Soviets and their former KGB leader, are back and they are angry at anything that might stand in their way.There is no logic to take offense of defensive weapons.If they were nucs and other offensive weapons then it would be something to worry about.HEY RUSSIA.  Stop pointing your loaded missiles at the world and then get upset if people build defenses against them.  If you are so concerned about your security, you'd better help deal with Iran and North Korea before the idiot leaders of those 2 countries provoke the world into another major war.

Russia once again trying to influence our foreign policy to prevent us from protecting ourselves against them!

Screw Pushkov, Putin, and Russia!

Bad enough this country has to answer to Israel, now we owe explanations to the Russians.

Imagine if Russia put an anti-missile system in Newfoundland, supposedly to protect Russia by intercepting an ICBM from Mexico, that Mexico doesn't even have yet.  How would the US feel about that?

Just so we all know, NONE of the missile interceptors are guaranteed to work.

This is looking like a "Don King fight".The champ against an everyday-Joe, but to make it fair the champ has to have his hands handcuffed behind his back throughout the entire fight.That's the only fair thing to do since the champ is so-much better than the challenger.If it goes 3 rounds I would be surprised.

There's no debate when only sound-bites and propaganda are spewed-forth and passed-off as "knowledge" and "fact".

This is about Putinstan not being able to threaten it's sovereign (non-nuclear armed) neighbors in E.Europe which put's their empire aspirations on hold. Russia wants to remain a bully in a otherwise united Europe. W/ Romania,Poland, and Turkey in NATO and the possibility Ukraine or the baltic states could join in the future the bear would be penned in.

Me thinks someone is jealous that they do not have the brain power to come up with a defense system like ours.  But I guess 40% of your population being drunks and slaves to vodka will do that to you .This story is not the problem.The problem is that we live in an era when we cannot make the moral point when it is not the patriotic point.There was a time when we believed that the two were the same.

When did common sense go out the window?  Me bad, I forget we are talking about politicians.  Bump Moscow and the horse they rode in on.  Why are we even listening to their fears that the system would eventually enable the West to shoot down some Russian intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs), thus threatening Russia's security. I guess in the world of politics it is against the rules to protect ourself and our allies against Russia but it is ok for them to gun down anyone they please..

Russia is a 3rd world country, there just mad that are  allies are safe and their not.

And the U.S. should care why??

Since when are we concerned about the Russians?  Ever since we elected a Communist President!!

If not for the Russian Imperial Pacific fleet, we would still sing "God save the queen" as our national anthem. They do not teach that in the history of American revolution.

You never trust nobody in this world,to do so is a sign of mental weakness.

Who cares what Russia thinks, they they thought nothing of the ENTIRE world by selling Nuke technology to TERRORISTS, f them

I would tell the Russians ....dont let these things bother you too much, Washington's plans reassure the American people even less...and its our money they are wasting by the trillions...cheer up comrades

What the heck are the Russians so afraid of? They are focused on the wrong enemy.Tell Ivan to keep his mouth shut; we still saved them from WWII.

What?  Another country doesn't trust the Obama Administration?  I wonder why?

As they shouldn't be, the U.S has lied and or misconstrued most if not all agreements they've participated in. Washington telling lies isn't limited to just their population.

Hey Alexei!Take care of the nightmare you created in Syria and get off our #$%$!

I could side with those who are saying "we have a right to defend ourselves" if it were not for the fact that uncle-Sam has his fingerprints on the coups we have been watching in the middle-east.Kinda hard to trust someone that overthrows governments they don't like using proxy armies.

An interesting debate.Some saying that Russia has nothing to fear from a "defensive" missile system being placed on their border.Others saying if this is such a benign missile system, why not let Russia put "defensive" missile systems on America's borders?How about we save the money and the misunderstandings and not put these systems on ANYONE'S borders?( After that idea gets shot-down we will be faced with the dilemma that there is NO right answer that EVERYONE will agree to.)But I do see Russia's side of the argument.Just like the U.S. government feels the need to molest people at the airport and spy on all emails and phone calls, the U.S. govt. feels it must encircle Russia to impose it's dominance on THEM as well.Only Russians are NOT U.S. citizens and are well within their rights to find this development both an arrogant threat and an effort to undermine Russian sovereignty.We would object just as loudly if things were reversed.But then hypocrisy is America's largest export these days.

Russia, like the US, has their demagogues who exploit the ignorant and fearful for their personal gain.  In the US, they're called "conservatives."  In Russia, they're called "conservatives."  Fortunately, there are fewer and fewer as time passes.

Russia:  "We want to be able to destroy you. If we can't, our security is threatened."Nobody ever started a war with a purely defensive system, like a wall or a fence built on their own territory. Not one American or allied life should ever have to depend on the benevolence of Russia.

Obama lies . . .

Russias plan appears to be to arm the Koreans and Iranians with nukes, let them attack the USA and then sit back and say it wasn't them that did it.the west is reassuring like hitler was,sign a treaty to get the other side to let their guard down!!--than lower the boom!!

We have money to burn, there is still lots money in SSA account. Military wants it give to them ,  let sr ctz and our schools make the sacrifices, while the oil barons and land grabbers enjoy their loots

QUIT CALLING RUSSIA and NK 3rd WORLD COUNTRIES !  West and USA = FIRST WORLD.  Russia, China, NK = SECOND WORLD.  All other counties that are not affiliated with either = THIRD WORLD.  It has NOTHING to do with economic value !!!  Look it up !

Russia doesn't believe ANYTHING the USA says.  Haha... The Russians are smarter than Americon citizens.  BwaHahahahaha....

Do people not see that defending oneself means being able to stop their attackers?If the U.S. system can stop Russia defending itself from attack, then it is an OFFENSIVE weapon no-matter what it is called.

Bend over Put in..

"Kill them.  Kill them all."  Col. Walter E. Kurtz  "Apocalypse Now."

So we're putting 14 more interceptors in Alaska for protection from North Korea, and none in Central Europe for protection from Iran.Either Obama and Hagel are 100% committed to not let Iran develop nukes, or they continue to work for Iran.

Obama gave away the plan to deploy the anti-missile systems in Poland and Rumaniawithout getting ANY Concessions from Moscow.What 'Deal' are we supposed to be backing out of?There never was any deal!

And, as usual, Obama will cave.Our goal is to protect ourselves, not to placate the Russians.  Too bad they count all the anti-US rogue countries among their good "friends".

We could easily afford it if military had to wait until age 65 to collect their pensions like the rest of society.

"When the right moment comes, the mask will be dropped and Russia with China's help will seek to impose their system on the West."- Anatoliy Golitsyn

The last I had heard, Russia had eliminated their national debt.Sounds like they were able to do something that we couldn't do.I wouldn't be too quick to criticize them in light of that alone!Must be nice to be free from the world bank and International Monetary Fund dictating domestic policy from the barrel of an economic-gun held to the head of your people.Say, Iran had announced that they were refusing to settle trades with U.S. currency shortly before all this trouble began.No-connection there I suppose.And Libya had begun to espouse the same policy before it was toppled.BRIC beware!(Brazil,Russia.India and China)

SCREW RUSSIA !

Europe should be on their own.  U.S. can no longer afford to be the protector of the world.

"preemptive nuclear strike".. well most rational nations know that nuclear strikes and wars are out of the question, I believe Russia and US especially. Who comes out to the world and says I will launch nuclear missles at you before you can at me, this should worry the entire world - and Russia should maybe figure out who the real problem is here. Please more missle defense if N. Korea is saying stupid stuff like this.

Lets see here, a lil bit of a history re-cap...In WWII they joined forces with Hitler and was betrayed by said forces which was very destructive, leaving Russain Blood shed in their wake. THEN... when Germany was defeated, one of our Gens, right there in front of the Russain Commander, during a celabration of the joint force defeat of Germany. States that while our forces were in Europe Now is the time to take out the Russains too. Soooooooo....From 1945 till the mid 80's all they heard was how they need to be killed because they were commies, even I believe that is a rubbish reason to kill anyone. Anyhow that is what they hear, then it lightens up going into the 90's. THEN they turn to Democracy BECAUSE of April1986, What is that? CHERNOBYL...it had a blow out, and the cost of the incident was staggering between the Rub and personal and regular people. Soooooo...A country called Georgia on its providences nere the boarders has small Russain settlements. The leader of Georgia sends it miliatary claiming terriost are camped there open fire and begain killing unarmed Russain civilains. Russia pleds with the UN, because Georgia is part of the Allies, and no one wants to do anything but tell Russia "lets talk about it.." Soooooooo...Russia explains how this works, they Invade Gerogia, recover the injured Russain civilans, and push the Gergen military all the way to the capitol, and finally let it go. (Russia's way of letting you know how far they WILL take it). Sooooooo after all that, not to mention watching the allies and the UN stomp on every middle east country makeing excuses to "WHY" we have to...I can understand their concern...

Russia's dis approval of this system only means they  remain in the cold war era and wouldn't hesitate to haul nukes  at Europe....

Why is this news? Odumba promised the Russians he'd be more flexible with them after the election and since when has Odumba keept a single election promise?Who cares if the Russians are not reassured! Their government is becoming more like Mexico every day. Soon the surrounding countries will be building a fence to keep them out.

Dear Right Wing Paranoid Nut Jobs.NEWS FLASH:  THE COLD WAR HAS BEEN OVER FOR YEARS.  Try to keep up with current affairs.

Since Obama took office we have to reassure everyone, enemies, allies and most of all the American citizens.

If we don't have what it takes to knock their missiles out before they get there, then really the only answer is to reinstitute the MAD system (Mutually Assured Destruction) which was in play all during the Cold War. If they send one missile over to our side, we send to several back – incinerating them. The idea is that if they know that's what's going to happen, they won't launch first.

So what, who cares....don't they disagree about everything?

The US could agree to comply with every Russian requirement and they would still not be satisfied for the simple reason that Russian foreign policy, at least since the end of WWII, has been based upon one simple premise, i.e., oppose every position supported by the US. Simple, uncomplicated, and straightforward. The Russians view the West, and the US in particular, as their permanent enemies and as such there will never be agreement on substantive long term policies. Period. Let's move on, shall we?

so we are doing it. : )

Where I see a massive resistance to logical thought is when the West uses the term "defensive" and everyone automatically assumes that there is no possible way that such a system could ever be used as an "offensive" weapon.I can have an armed bodyguard for "defense" but if he gets into a fight and shoots someone he was using "offense" type of force.If Russia is attacked and this "defensive" system is used and it defeats Russia's anti-missile missiles, then it was used as an "offensive" weapon against Russia.Really people, it's only common sense.A gun can be used for offense or for defense.It's no-more complicated than that.

"That proves Russia was right from the start"... yeah right. Those imbeciles have pretty much been wrong about everything.

we do what they don't want, they are #$%$, and we do what they want and their #$%$ so I say go to hell Russia, who asked you anyway!!!You damn right you effin communists we stopped because we decided so, NOT because Russia wan;t happy about, and we will start it whenever we  please, and guess what can't do sh(i)t about it!!

How about we lob a couple over there so that they can get a good look first hand??

Russia elected Putin and the U.S. elected Obama.  Of all the people in the two nations......

Hey dumb dumbs. The shield is not a threat to your national security. It's a threat to your missiles. Don't launch them at western Europe and North America and you won't have to worry about them getting shot down.You're not worrying about your security, you're upset because you won't be able to just drop your missiles on these countries' capitals should a war break out. That you can't hold Europe hostage with your ICBMs if you wanted to anymore.

Interesting.  Could this be another part of the puzzle of the "caught on tape" Obama and Medvedev whispered conversation that Medvedev would be relaying to Putin.  Russia argues against missile defense.  Obama seemingly caves. N. Korea nukes U.S. U.S. responds in kind. Russia launches and the beginning of the end starts "Armageddon."  How convenient.

Why isn't the administration blaming Bush for us having a missile defense system at all?

This must be the "greater flexibility after the election" that Obama was talking about.  Here Vlad America will kindly bend over grab out ankles and let you go to town.  Does any body feel safer now with lam duck O in office for another 4?

Alexei   WHEN Pushkov's to shove you gotta stand your ground -- i like it -- i wish we had ballsy politicians here ---

How it is used will determine what type of weapons system it is...defensive or offensive.And of-course the Russians can trust the moral and ethical decisions of the West.Just visit our T.S.A. airports and smell all that freedom!

"The United States is readjusting the missile defense system due to financial and technology issues -- issues not related to the Russian position," he told Reuters.So, they will only approve identical geographic changes to missile defense if they are a concession to THEIR objections and no other reasons?Russia: "We wont play ball on diplomatic issues with you because your defense shield will be an obstacle to any nukes we want to lob in your direction. Change it."U.S.A.: "We have repositioned our defense systems away from russian nukes to north korea"Russia: "Unacceptable! You didnt change course because we told you to, but only because of north korea!"What a joke the world has become.Some of you #$%$ posting in here are absolutely clueless on how this game is played...smfh.....amateurs

Its being more than 20 years since the collapse of ussr and stil the usa and russia don t trust each other

And WHY do we give a rat patootie what  President Jagov Putin thinks?

The original plan for missiles against Iran's non existent threat was well received by Russia, they even offered a base in southern Russia in which to stage the anti missile batteries as a "joint operation"  But the US MIC (military industrial complex), wishing to reengage in a new "Cold War" for profits, decided to place them in northeast Poland.

Whatever their objections, all we can do is to listen and proceed in our own best interests.  One would hope a defensive system is justifiable in the eyes of most reasonable people.

Putin is nothing more than a stalin wannabe that wants nothing more than to bring back the cold war.  He knows he and people like him are irrelevant, so they do all they can to cause trouble.

Again, why does the US have to be all over the World? This is getting really ridiculous now.

Obama told the Ruskies to wait until he was re-elected.  Obama isn't going to spend money protecting our borders and he will be conciliatory toward the Russians.

America and Russia share a great history of winning World War 2 together, and in general a common race and religion.New evidence has been relased by the CIA in 2007 the Family Jewels papers that suggest that a fast talking liberal from Harvard, whose father Joe was in a business partner with a Mafia person from  Chicago and plotted to Kill Castro and was more a fault in  the Cuban missile crisis than was generally known for most of the last 50 fifty years.I would certainly that this dark period in American and World history never repeats itself.The Republican Religious Right believes that a new more trustworthy President will be elected in 2016.

Sounds like this is a pretty important missile defense plan. I would say given Russia's reaction, it should have been put into place much earlier.Russia is not our friend, screw them.

I am a Republican. I say nuke Iran &amp; North Korea at the same foking time...

Hey Russia, tell North Korea &amp; Iran to knock off thier bullsheet &amp; the USA can save money on not upgrading it's defenses. Btw, Russian votes on the U.N. security council backing up America would help..

Will Boehner free up the new money to afford this??

M.A.D. is what keeps the nukes from flying; this anti-missile system is just asking for trouble.

anyone ever see some documentary about the reagan administration and the russians. they were for sure thinking of launching a first strike because kgb put these 500 things on this board...and they were coming true? it was like if the united states did this one last thing, they were going to strike first.anyway...it was intresting

Let's bankrupt every country like the ILLUMINATI wants!

sorry but we cannot afford to protect Europe (and haven't been able to for a long, long time). they have nukes and can deal with any threat.

Even the Ruskies know that the Obama cannot be trusted.

Russia is afraid their nuclear arsonal will be useless, but America has a right to protect it's citizens. North Korea is falling down the loonie stairwell and we dont know where they'll end up.Lets just all nuke the hell out of one another and quit the yaking , I for one am sick and tired of the whole damn mess, and we all gotta go sometime why not now !?!?!

Just an observation, but, as stated in the article above" Russia is worried the missle shield would eventually be able to shoot down some of their ICBM'S". One can only assume they intend to use them. If a young child is standing on your front lawn eyeing that large plate glass window in your house and in his hand he is holding a large stone, are you going to send him on his way or wait for the sound of breaking glass? Granted there is quite a difference between a stone and an ICBM.  Just an observation.

The Russians, the Chinese or any others out there, can go pound sand. We have to concern ourselves with only what is in our best interests for survival...period!

I can't see this as being about nuclear weapons. A ballistic missile from Iran would have to cross Poland and Romania to reach the USA, but it is unlikely that would happen as crazy as the mullahs in Iran are: their country would be radioactive glass within the hour should that happen. It's not about neutralizing Russia's nuclear capability - they have 10s of thousands of missiles which would overwhelm any sort of shield, and that is besides all the nuclear submarines they have all over the place. The only thing I can see that #$%$ Russia off is that they think still own all those Eastern European countries as they did in the Soviet times. With a US military presence, those countries tend to get a little cocky towards their former masters, and Russia won't be able to assert their dominance there like they did in Georgia in 2008.

to all the world and all their leadersfor your love I will climb K-2 for the shodda flag and swim the English channel with the locness monster.

Who gives a sh-- if they don't like our missile defense system.  Our job is to protect ourselves from all potential enemies.

I saw that train wreck coming.

We need to have Christmas everyday, and wish peace and good will toward each other. This would change the scene, but first all the boys with the toys need to give them up. It just shows you what children we have running the countries. The only hope is in Christ.

N Korea, and Iran are forceing the expanison of missile defense. NATO Missile defense will make Russia and China uneasy and all chances of nuclear arms reduction will go out the window. Perhaps it should be more clear to China/Russia that it is in their best interest to keep N Korea and Iran in line.

Stick your head in the microwave and give yourself a tan.So Russia's position is that we can protect ourselves, just not from them!? Um yeah!

you know what? There is simply too much nationalism these days... Everyone hates whoever hates their country, regardless of whether it is based off a fact or opinion...

Niet! I no like

Those missiles interceptor it doesn't for the Russia ..,,

Pray,all care is in god hands

I think  the NRA is a worse  enemy  for our  country  than  Russia  is.

Its realy funny when us says the missile shield is to defend aganst a backward third world starving n. Korea.

Ok Russia! come clean. What really pi$$es you off here. Jealous because you have a nut case North Korea on your border  among others or does this minimize the constant threat you like to impose on your neighbors. If our allies want to protect themselves from you and anyone else, who are you to get in the way? Drop dead Putin, your wishes mean less than nothing to us.

Hey Russia, build a missiles in Cuba and see how US like it.

The USA wants to be THE king of the World, so the will enslave ALL!AS A sign of our good faith, let us build them a missile system to protect them from us. The problem is a lack of trust. WE have no desire to strike them unless they strike us. Howeverwho really wants to go that road? I don't understand their fear. Maybe they need more faith that there are no winners in a nuclear war. Who wants to be around after such an exchange.

So which country will be first to press the red button

Russian defense spending, trying to keep up with the US during the Cold War, helped to bankrupt the USSR. Does Putin want to go down that road again?

Give me a break!!! they are called "DEFENSE" missles, not attack, Offense missles......there is nothing wrong with missles made soleley for the purpose of shooting down nukes or any missles from crazy #$%$ leaders like Kim jon un or whatever his phsychopathic name is...I guarantee we, S. Korea, Japan, would never strike first...it is defense missles to shoot down their attacking missles you idiots

Ill believe russia can beat the unite state

Russian lawmaker is an oxymoron unless it applies to Stalin, uh, Putin.

Different day, different name, still the USSR.

But the n39ro in the WH is dismantling all our nukes. What has he got to worry about ?

A Russian lawmaker ? They have laws in Russia ?

Russia has good reason to worry,Russia is on the Usa's list of countries to invade.Hit Russia! Hit it! the worst case would be that I get killed by Russian strike! So what!? Ha,ha,ha.

OBama understands that this is of great concern to Moscow and still he enjoys  pushing his  weight around and that shows lack of respect for the Russians who feel very intimidated by this anti  missile defense system so close to there borders..He better be very careful on how he deals with the Russians because the Russians tend to remember there history extremely well compare to the Americans. simply they have been attacked more that any other nation on earth and the Russians would not hesitate to push back also with an anger the world as never been seen before.

Nuclear nations with permanent human settlements on Mars islikely to trigger nuclear war. They can resettle the Earth afterit's safe to come back.

If Nuclear weapons would not exist then by now we would started World War 11.

We have to find a way to let Russia know that we are not trying to hurt thier nuclear capability of destroying the US. It will only be 3 short years before the North Koreans will be able to launch a nuclear intercontinental balistic missle any place inside US soil. We need to stop laughing everytime the North Koreans threaten the US with Nuclear weapons. Only if their was a way we could let the Russians know that we are trying to proect ourselves from the North Koreans and not the Russians. Its my opinion that Reagan put so much fear into the Russians with his so called "star wars" project that it still has them worried about us taking their nuclear capabilities and rendering them useless. Its too bad because Regans star wars program was only propaganda and not real. Listen if their are any Russians reading this PLEASE understand that North Korea will be able to hit any US city with a nuclear missle within 3 years and we need to protect ourselves from them. The North Koreans will use nuclear weapons on the US if they have the chance. We pulled the missle shield out of Europe so you have to see our intentions are not against you. PLEASE help us!

A country threatens to use nukes on my country so Russia is upset. Are we supposed to roll over and play dead. What is your solution Russia? You complain but I do not see you giving any solutions.

Russia. China. They aren't our friends. They don't have our best interests at heart. We need to do what we need to do. If they don't like it? Tough.

The Russians shouldn't worry about the missile defense system. They have enough subs to blow away the continental USA many times over.

And we need Russian approval?????

I amnot sure I agree with this plan . the US would shout out loud and clear if Russia put missles on their  closest island next to Alaska using the guise we are concerned about north korea too. This despot in NK has no delivery system worth Jack  yet . Would it not be better to have come up with some mutual agreed site with both  the  super powers manning it to stop  any concern .  The cold war is supposed to be over . If they can all live together in the space station I am sure we could work out some missle silo . Better a silo controlled on earth  than weapons in space coming soon to a continent close to youTrust the AmericansThey are peaceful and just.Have they attacked anybody ????

We are so worried about protecting our allies and giving them money, that we hurt ourselves and neglect ourselves.  Let's re-focus on America again, before we help other nations.

HMM USA can not fight economical RUSSIA ..AND TRYING WITH OLD TACTICE ..(i am curiose what is CIA and FBI? ) THE SAME institutions have every country so RUSSIA TOOWHO toll USA is the policman to the world?they can not stop the Iran (because the OIL) ..

Who gives a toot what this evil Russian lawmaker says?  Russia is the enemy.

It is NONE of Russia's business or any other county what we do to protect our borders...

Russia's concern isnt about some suppose first strike by the U.S. or its allies.  Its truthfully about making it harder for their surrogate army in Iran to attack the west.  Russia doesnt have to concern itself with countering Western moves as long as they continue to supply Iran and Syria, for ever how much longer Syria current puppet can last.  Its the same reason that China hasnt shut down North Korea.  A surrogate army in the North can do the grunt work for the empire building Chinese.

Won't be long now till the planet goes down the #$%$

Whats funny is years back Russia claimed they built missiles we couldn't shoot down to prevent the effectiveness of our missile shield. Obviously they have no faith in their own engineering. guess they could always stop selling Iran missiles so we have no excuse for the shield.

Their whole premise for opposing our defensive shield is a laugh. They don't want us to deploy technology that can protect us from their missiles? Give me a break. I say put up the shield and then double it and give Putin a giant middle finger. It is defensive not offensive and there are no limits to defensive weapons. Just ignore them, Russia has nothing of value anyway and it is slowly deteriorating thanks to the brilliant leadership of its dear shirtless leader and all the billionaires who use the Russian government coffers as a personal ATM. Let it die off and be done with it.

The only way for Russia to stop pretending that it is being threatened is to join the European Union.  Any Russian reader that loves chess knows exactly what I mean by that.I don't understand their worry. Our interceptors wont work anyways. They are built by corrupt a-moral defense contractors who deliberately put flaws in the missiles so they fail prompting new contracts by the pentagon to fix them for a huge cost. The SM3 is designed to take on one target at a time. The problem with this is that ICBM have counter measures that will trick the SM3's kinetic kill warhead to hit the fake. There are hundreds of decoys packed in ICBM's and you would need about 50+ SM3 for every ICBM launched. We don't even have enough to shot 1 ICBM down let alone hundreds that Russia has. This is a joke really and a huge drain on our economy.  Each SM3 Cost 24 million each and plus several millions more to maintain them. The whole missile design strategy is a failure and it wont work. Ground based lasers is the future for missile defense not missiles.

Hey Alexi, don't attack us and you have nothing to worry about. Enough with the cold war mentality. I mean, do you seriously expect us not to prepare ourselves when you help countries like Iran get there own nukes?

More russina bad boy postuiring to get the USA to weaken its defenses. Haven't we learned over the years to expect this from a countyr run by KGB like Putin? Oh yeah...KGB does not exist any more...now it is FSB...go figure ...if it walks like a duck,...

If Russian missiles ever do fly, does Putin expect us to just them hit their target without even trying to stop them?  I think we have a right to defend ourselves and allies.

#$%$? all of a sudden we are not supposed to protect ourselves from russian ICBM's because they don't like it? tough i guess.

Russian lawmaker not reassured by U.S. missile defense plan = Who gives a #$%$!

Russia and China shut up and stop being the problem......

You know what ? I bet the people of Russia and the United States could get along pretty well if we just got the Governments out of the way .

Well, isn't that the purpose of defensive ballistic missiles, to shoot down missile launched in an attack?  The simple solution, don't launch any missiles toward the USA or any of its NATO allies...and don't threaten to do that.

Russia is not fooled by this missile sword! This aggression will be the doom of your military and way of life as slightest provocation will result in incineration of this military threat. There is NO compromise on this issue, Russian defense will not be circumvented by this offensive capability.Russia doesnt want peace they want world domination,they kept europe under their thumb fore over 40 years. America and Europe should do all they can to protect themselves, peoplewho love peace dont muzzle and jail their own citizen.

This whole argument in Russia is for the benefit of Iran, not any nebulous ability of the Russians to fight off an agressive Western attack.

The Russia doesn't have to ask anyones permission to defend themselves - especially the U.S./NATO

I've listed to Pushkov's public commentary for years on Russian television.  He's nothing but a political prostitute looking for any anti-American angle to justify Putin's authoritarian course.  Russia should only be taken seriously as far as the fact that they do have nuclear weapons.  In all other respects, it is a failed state doomed to gradually depopulate and fade from the world stage.  During the 2008 Russia-Georgia war Putin said then Georgian President Saakashvili should be hanged by his balls.  Putin should be hanged by his, if anyone could actually ever find them.

Why does Russia fear this? Are they planning an invasion of Europe soon? It's not like these missiles are going to Moscow.

Russian Lawmaker?? You mean Mobster Captain? Russia is a Mafia State! Have a sit down, ask the mobster who needs to be greased, and move on with the situation!

Mr. President, you better remember the wink and a nod you gave the Russians.

Communist Goals (1963) Congressional Record--Appendix, pp. A34-A35 January 10, 19631,2,&amp;3 of 45 goals.1. U.S. acceptance of coexistence as the only alternative to atomic war.2. U.S. willingness to capitulate in preference to engaging in atomic war.3. Develop the illusion that total disarmament [by] the United States would be a demonstration of moral strength. (While Russia is trying to arm the world)

Why should any country concerned about defensive weapons, unless they have ulterior motive to attack?

This needs to be passed around. Do we the common US citizen know this? Why  couldn't Obama find qualified men who were  'born in America' to help make decisions  for our country ?Arif  Alikhan - Assistant Secretary for Policy Development for the U.S.  Department of Homeland Security   Mohammed  Elibiary - Homeland Security Adviser   Rashad  Hussain - Special Envoy to the (OIC) Organization of the Islamic  Conference   Salam  al-Marayati - Obama Adviser - founder Muslim Public Affairs Council and  its current executive director   Imam  Mohamed Magid - Obama's Sharia Czar - Islamic Society of North  AmericaIslamic Society of North America   Eboo  Patel - Advisory Council on Faith-Based Neighborhood  PartnershipsHere's an idea, don't start no $#!t wont be no $#!t

Whereas the Americans bend over for anyone in the pecking order above them, Russians are sort of rigid. It seems to work for them. A big chunk of the earth is Russia.

Listen comrad, nobody cares. If you don't want us beefing up security , then deal with the little tyrant yourselves!

Know how to say syphillis in Russian? Rotchacockoff!

Methinks it was never our intent to appease Moscow.  In truth, the Russians are never going to agree with anything we do or say.

Send Dennis Rodman to them to work things out

Invent a Missile system that Balances our Budget,and gets our Country on back track............

I'm not very smart. Can someone please explain to me why Russia would be against a missile defense plan?

An antimissile defense system designed to.........shoot down missiles. Yep makes sense to me.

Russia does not view the US as a friend.With Obummer in officer no one is reassured until he gets booted.

the russians are showing their true colors again.what a surprise. of course if they had such a system, they would not make a stink and would be very angry about anyone telling them what to do. russia needs to fhuckoff.

Putin is the man! Obama xa xa

Just be honest.  Tell them we have all our missilles aimed at the Middle East.

Installations in Poland and Romania would be too far away from Iran to intercept any missiles launched from there. Come clean Hagel... I see Russia installing a missile defense system in Cuba now that the big stick is no longer an issue.... I also see WWIII...

We can defeat them in two seconds

68 years of pointing bombers at each other, 64 yrs of nukes and 50+ yrs of icbm.'s and they are scared of a missile defence system in eastern europe?

Russia is arming nuclear Iran and all Obama can do is appease them

Who cares if Russia opposes the U.S.'s anti-missile shield in Europe?

we dont give a damn about what they think when it comes to DEFENDING ourselves"We don't like the fact that we are being presented with arguments all the time that sooner or later prove absolutely false,"neither do we, but we put up with it cause its easier than doing something about it.

they need put in their place again!

Maybe their faith and confidence was lost after reading yahoo news stories.

Why should a foreign power with peaceful intentions  be concerned what shield America puts up?    If they have no wish to harm America then they should welcome a strong American defense.Now get a glove of the world and put aa string between NKorea and Seattle.   You will find the straight line goes directly over Southern Alaska.   The commie dictator of NKorea has said in so many words that he wants to destroy America with nukes.    Why not take him at his word and take all defenses possible?     Comrade Pukin can pound sand!

Dennis Rodman can smooth things over.

I don't care whar putin thinks.  He is a liar, thief and a coward.  I won't even capitalize his name because he is un-worthy of any respect.

gen patton had foresight  we should have let him have his way during ww2

"Is trick by Moose and Squirrel !"

I don't care what he thinks or the leaders of any other nation.Our government's first job is to defend our nation and we should have a strong anti-missile defense, strong military and strong border security.God Bless America.

Why would the Russians be worried about having their ICBMs intercepted?  They must know that neither we nor anyone else can devise an ABM system that cannot be saturated to overload by their missiles.  The next question being :just who is it that they want to be able to shoot unfettered missiles at?  Do they the" ze chermans" are going to go to war with them again?  This is all hogwash and the only thing it would be good for is destroying something incoming from someone like the Pakistanis or the North Koreans--Someone who only has a few to shoot.You can "OPPOSE" it all you want you filthy Russian d-bag...  If "WHATEVER" Country says it wants us there, then too bad, it's not like putting tactical nukes in Cuba..You "F"ing dirtbags tried that before, now you cry about this..??  We ahould have Nuked the "F" out of Moscow in 1946, and saved all you rotten little from the pathetic existance you have endured since you were put on to your knees by Stalin.. Yeah y0u sucked Stalin off every chance you could, and look where it got you losers... BTW...  "F" you.I..

Russia is a Bully, Period!

What! Russia doesn't trust US? News flash! We don't trust you either...

"The main problem of Russia-U.S. ties now is very low trust. ""What about US vs US very low trust"?

Maybe Russia should put its inerceptors in Cuba. That's farther from the US than the planned US inerceptors from Russia. And it will be more logical. After all the US is Russia's only enemy, just 100 miles from their interceptors, while those in Poland will be thousands of miles from Iran.

Russian lawmaker...is it not an oxymoron?

hrm and I thought the cold war was over

Don't worry Russia, Obama already assured your leaders he will have more room to (finish) selling out America now that he was reelected.

America must disarm so Russia will have less problems when they attack us! Obama will agree!

I'm sorry but why do we care what Russia thinks?a mdefence system is way better than the old way of aiming thousands of nukes at eachother. Is this guy missing something?

Shut up, putin, no one cares what you have to say, little man.

Watch on YouTube: Faking It: How the Media Manipulates the World into War

Hay Americans! Are you ready for WW3? Watch this on youTube: Российская армия // Russian army 2012 (1080p HD)

Google: Russian Nuclear Submarine Sailed in Gulf of Mexico Undetected for Weeks. WW3 is coming soon!

With todays internet and comment sections enemies don't need spies.Most of the beans are spilled for the whole world to see.  I wonder where we can see their comments.

Stupid NRA member who needs to die.

North Korea's constant threats need to be dealt with without delay.  An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. Highly tactical and surgical strikes can be the penalty if they do not allow UN inspectors in.

The planed phase one, four Aegis warships to Rota,Spain should in itself be a great deterrent.

We didn't install those interceptors because of North Korea.We installed them because of Russia. Not too far from the rabid dog is the rabid owner.The rest of the world has become fed up with this country's petrodollar wars in the middle east in Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, and Egypt... all put into play by Bush administrations!

Bully boy Russia can never stop uglying up the world.

the main problem with our ties with Russia is that Russia could never be trusted. we spent a ton of money defending western Europe from their aggression. I don't think the Russian people ever had to worry about US citizens wanting their country

The current Russian regime pokes at America every chance they get in hopes of preventing their own people from looking inward at their own failed government.

Why do defensive weapons always rile the opposition?  Oh, I'm sorry, our friends.

usa should put up all the missile defense it can to protect americans no matter what any country says

Why are we not working on regime change in North Korea?  Missile defense isn't the answer - they will always be a problem.  Maybe the U.S. should begin the process of encircling North Korea with nuclear arms, such as in S. Korea or Japan, then maybe the Chinese will have a sufficient reason to rein in their screwball friend in the south.

They want us to remain defenseless.

I thought we had MAD, Mutually Assured Destruction.  If our enemies launch one single missile our way, we will launch hundreds in their direction and all directions to assure the systematic destruction of the entire human civilization.  The goal is remind our enemies that in an all-out massive nuclear exchange, every single nation of the Earth would have its cities leveled to the ground in order to prevent a winner.

"But Moscow has said the system would eventually enable the West to shoot down some Russian intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs), threatening Russia's security."So Russia defines their "security" as the ability to blow up anyone else with ICBM's without them having the ability to defend themselves by shooting the missiles down? Huh, I guess our security of not getting blown up in the USA and elsewhere isn't as important as theirs...this world only god can destroy no nucliar weapon can destroy this world ok both no nucliar weapon anyway

Were is Ronald Reagan when we need him.

A missile defense system site is a necessary target for an early strike.

Its only posturing. Russia won't launch because they've got too much to lose. Their recent capitalist ventures have made life for the upper tier worth more than it was during their communist era.It is paradoxical and enigmatic how the West, particularly the US, have moved toward socialism/communism while RS has moved away from it in the past 4 years.

A nuclear exchange between Russia and the US or other Western Powers would make the missle defense system a mute point. It would be blotted out with numerous warheads from short or medium range Russian weapons anyway. We and the Russians do not simply assign one weapon to one target. Major cities or Miltary sites have up to a score of separate weapons targeting the same area. MAD is just what it means.Mass Destruction Like You Never Dreamed And Worse. For though my race was thought immune, themselves they did consume.

Who believes Russia is not communist anymore?

#$%$.  We need better diplomats.  Quite simple, someone has to put a globe in front of that #$%$ Putin and his clowns and give them a basic 30 second geography lesson.  "Here are your ICBMs mostly in western Siberia/Urals area, here are our SM3 (and later more improved) interceptors in parts of Europe, with range rings drawn.  Look at those small range rings!   Your ICBMs launch the shortest distance to North America, over the Arctic, like this.  Range rings do not remotely come close to where your missiles are based, or would be flying.  Now, if you put missiles like the SS-26 into Kaliningrad to threaten Poland, as you said you will do, in a knee-jerk reaction to the initial missile defense plan, then I guess those would be potential targets if you choose to launch.  So Mr Putin, f-u and everyone who looks like you.  Any questions?"

First. Putin who is the real Boss. Has a Patsy here his name is Obama I say this from Obamas words on Missile Defense and Nuke Numbers " I can be more flexible on reducing numbers after the election" Obamas words not mine.For Years the world lived under MAD. Overwhelming response is the only reason Ivan (Russia)and Joe Chin (China) have stayed at bay. Under the Treaties of Bill Clinton and the new one Obama will bring around. The US May Not Make or test Nutron Weapons the give away they can. the coming treaty the US may not exceed a certain number of warheads and must reduce the stock piles the US has. Nor can we make new ones. The ones we have were built in the 80s. ( There is doubt they work at all a fact not over looked by Ivan and Joe Chin)Folks I did 25 years as a GI you are being sold out and It is going to be Very warm in the US, The up Side of us frying is that Joe and Ivan are going to fix our immigration problem and Gasoline will be very cheap again.Good luck dig in and god bless you all ( We are going to need it)

Please do not poke Russians like that. they are no fools and they know why you are trying to build them missile systems, why NATO is getting bigger and bigger and it doesn't make any difference after all. War against Russians means The total destruction of this world as we know it

Same old Story Just a different day we prepare to defend our back yard and Russia Whines that we have other motives in mind and this is news why. Because their is not one Dam thing worth reporting that makes sense any more Yawn !!Believing that you don't have to consider how others perceive what you do either as a country or as a nation marks you as a simple Simon.

As a sign of our good faith and as a mutual deterrent maybe we could nuke some island off the Siberian coast or something. Just a little friendly explosion saying, "shake hands with this."

i don`t blame the russians for being POed at the U.S. for helping the rebels, we shouldn`t be helping anybody in that fight , the russians , syria or the rebels!!

Obama told you guys he would be more flexible after the election! Welcome to OUR world!!!

Low trust? All you have to do is remember who supports the syrian regime, north korea and gave nuclear technology to iran.

Look at Pushkov; face speaks a thousand words.  Who cares what Russia thinks, afterall Russia is the country we should worry about bombing us with their crazy retoric 24/7.  Bouycot the Winter Olympics, they probably will poison our team...CRAZY!!!!!  Maybe the Ruskies want to take Warsaw again so our shield would be a hurdle in their strategy.

who cares? we have to move on as we want. no one can criticize us for installing missile defense system in our land. so ridiculous and presumptuous

Yes Russia, we are not changing our views concerning our defense shields because of your position on it.  Your alliances with countries like Iran and Venezuela have caused us to heed very little that you have to say

As if we should care anything about what Russia thinks! Putin, the old KGB agent, continues to oppose efforts by US in all efforts at the UN!

The US would NEVER use nuclear weapons as a 1st strike against Russia or China. I can understand their concerns during the cold war, but Russia and China has made large gains in joining the free world and free markets that are helping their populations prosper. No, I am not saying everything is swell in these countries, they have got a long way to go, but considering what these countries positions were 20 years ago, their transformation has been steady and positive. Russia's concerns are illogical. These DEFENSE systems are to be deployed to protect us and our allies from the rogue nations like, NK, Iran, and other nuclear wannabes. I would even be willing to wager that if North Korea threatened to use nuclear weapons against Russia or China that the US WOULD deploy these missile shields to protect them.Obama never intended to place the anti-missile shield in Europe.  Remember his comment to the Russians before the election.  Our president, a true servant to the left.

Tell the Paruskies to f....off.  Since when is their paranoia going to dictate our foreign policy?  Unfortunately, they may dominate Hussein's since that secret comment he made to Medvev about waiting until he was re-elected.  The Russians have more than enough nuke warheads to overwhelm any missle defense system we could devise anyway.  Our defense is for developing countries who have the balls to try a sneak launch of a single or maybe two missles.

...of course it doesn't change their very narrow view of anything. They wouldn't even be happy if we gave them all of our weapons, kissed their feet, and buffed their shoes clean with our tounges. All, they want as does China, N Korea, and other foes is to Sabre Rattle, Whine, and Chest Thump! Enough already! So, why are we not doing the same to them, instead of trying to be everybodies BUDDY? Hmm?

Do you feel safer?

Well, we sure don't want to hurt anyones feelings. That wouldn't be fair. And there couldn't be any alterior motive the Russia's comments?

No defensive shield ever made is impregnable !!  !!

sounds like cuba missle crisis its deja  vu all over again!!!!!

I dont know why we have to put a missile defense system in Poland. Are we using NATO as an excuse? This should be very simple. If Poland wants to put a missile defense system in its own soil, great. We can sell them the system and they can install (or pay us to) it themselves. If Russia complains, it is between Poland and them. Why do we have to interfere militarily everywhere around the world? Are we ready to declare that we own the world now? Dont forget we are an indebted nation. We really have to examine our priorities.

It is not surprising that the so-called Russian "politicians" repeat anti-American Kremlin rants. Pushkov and his friends from Duma are simple Putin's puppets, who jumped on a bandwagon of the policy of distracting their constituents from the real issues Russia faces today.

when will we stop acting like silly little kids......anbd stop wasting our tAXPAYERS money on these over cost missileshe has a good point. that it shouldn't counter an attack in russia against their enemies. hey! we know it will.. but let's just say it won't ..o.k?. everyone is getting pretty nervous here. i think rightfully so.. i guess North Korea is accomplishing what it set out to do.just a reminder..Clinton almost cut our military in half (yes i have the facts..if someone says it aint so!)....and Obama had set to make more cuts.. i am seeing Obama on board with the missile defense system.. so far.. lets all wait and see how this plays out..... 9/11 was kids play if you want to compare it to a nuke strike in any american city. one thing we have in america is people that are too young to remember war and the devastation it has had on america and our families. and that we must protect our country.so many of you grew up in a time of fighting for the things that really don't matter in life. not fighting for life..

As long as Russia does not fire their missiles everything will be ok . Its seems like Russia wants to keep fear in the eyes of their nabors , That's called the  communist way of keeping others inline .So the Russian people are not really a  free people .

Yes Russia is still a foe to the us and will always be and for our missile defense yes put it up and yes so what if it shoots down all of the other countries ICBM it's made to protect us and only us. its like the saying goes keep or friends close but your foe's closer y do u all think that Russia is in NATO we r keeping foe's closer as for North Korea i think they r a big problem right now since they know that our military is spread out so thin that it  will be to late for us to do anything about it .as for the carrying system for a ICBM they will have it by next year if we don't do something about it now. and for the people that think it will be one big missile that may hit the US  you are  thinking wrong it will be 5 to 6 warheads that will do the job  the cone is the only thing that come back down to earth and also think what if the system failed to stop it. i also think that if they do hit one part of the us it would be the closes state we have to them.

Obama caved to the Russians... remember how he got caught on open mike telling them "I will have more flexibility after the elections.."??? remember that???go to YouTube and see Obama's betrayal of America:(type) "Obama open mic slip: 'After my election I have more flexibility'

russia has nothing to worry about with the missiles as long as obama is president. his plans have always been to aid the muslim world in its hate for america and israel...as long as russia stays out of th emuslim world and israel they will be ok

Why would we care what Russia thinks? They are not our friends! They sell weapons to our enemies! They block any meaningful resolutions on Iran and North Korea! They just want to tick us off!

Most of you just sitting behind that screen acting bad #$%$ The media is very persuasive and many of you are falling for it. I would agree with Russia on this. We can clearly see how the the U.S. gov. is manipulating it's ppl any way they want just to execute their desires. Russia lately has brought up several great facts of U.S. bias.

Thanks YAHOO! for reminding us that Putin is a former KGB spy. As ususal I remind everyone that Reagan was an FBI stoolie ratting on his coleagues' convictions.By the way, Putin resigned from KGB before the fall of socialism in Russia.

Would the Russians be happy if we just surrendered to them? Seems like it is the only thing that would make them happy. They take any position on any issue that counters us around the world, yet we are the ones that need to show them trust.

The failure of the US to for strategic partnership with Russia in post-Cold War era will be looked at in history one of the greatest blunders leading to the eventual collapse of the US as a superpower and China's global hegemony.If the Russkies ask Pres. Gumby nicely, he might just give them our launch codes. Remember, he told Medvedev to tell Vlad that after he was re-elected he would have more latitude. Well, that day has arrived and we know that Gumby never lies.

A missle DEFENSE system is just that..DEFENSE! Why is Russia so upset about that? Did they have plans to use nukes? Is Europe still in their cross-hairs? Are they still committed to a "Russian Empire" that would include ex-Soviet states Poland and Romania...now in NATO? We'll find out when it's too late that Russia is behind Iran's aggressive nuclear drive!! DEPLOY THE ANTI-MISSLE SYSTEM, Presidant Obama!!!!

The time will come and the US will be hit again. . . the BIG question is. . WILL YOUR WUSSY PRESIDENT have the BALLS to do anything?!      (I doubt it)

does Russia has 16 trillion debt?

Dear Kim Jong Un,Please address all incoming mail and packages to:The White House1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NWWashington, DC 20500(more specifically: 38d 53' 51.58" N / 77d 02' 11.42" W, Elevation 58ft)(PS: mark parcels: "Attn: President Barrack Hussein Obama, aka Barry Soeroto, aka Harrison J Bounel)(coordinates courtesy of Google Earth)

Are you HAPPY America? . . This is what you get for being a nice-guy panzy.  Wish we had a president with balls!

I love this Communist Organizer obuma!!!! OPEN THE PEOPLE'S HOUSE FOR ALL AMERICAN KIDS!!!! STFK POS Communist Organizer. Who care about your stupid golf game.

Hey POS putin, want to step in the ring with me? I'll kick ur #$%$!!!! POS

Ruck Frussia and North K.

Senior Russian lawmaker to Hagel: "You shouldn't put in this anti-missille stuff----wink wink'"Hagel to Russian lawmaker: "We will seriously consider your request----wink  wink."Let me get this straight... Russia is against us having rockets that can shoot down the rockets that they have aimed at us. Daddy always said I was a moron but, I have looked at this several times and I fail to see that our idea is anything but smart.

Of course the US is using NK as an excuse...a child could see that.

After all the #$%$ over the last 67 years, including those of us who lived through the missle crisis, does anyone today really believe that Russia is a threat to us or that we are a threat to the Russians?    I grew up jumping under a school desk during a drill.   I was told the Russians were bad.  Both countries have enough weapons to blow up the world a dozen times.  The only option left is deplomacy and every politition in both countries know it.  And I have no desire to kill a Russian or a Chinaman.   A muslim,. maybe!!!

I think the U.S should send 5 trillions dollars over to europe and help them with their defense

If the Russians are smart, and I think they are, they wouldn't trust the US government any more than the US people do!

Lets see - the US has a missile ""defense ""system in Alaska = far eastern Russia and now they want one on the far west side of Russia too. If I were Russia - I'd put my misslies back in Cuba-- Growing up I remember the american propaganda - never trust those Russian commies-- now that I'm old - never trust those Americans Either.

Never trust Americans

We should bomb the hell out of them and occupy their land

"Russian lawmaker not reassured by U.S. missile defense plan" - I hope this doesn't come as a shock to the Americans and Obama.  Its further proof that one side of the world has very low opinion and little trust of the US and its foreign policy.  America is NOT judged by its empty words but by deeds only!

Today's Russia is just about as bad and evil as the old Soviet Union was. Nothing much has changed.lol remember a few months back when Obama whispered to  Putin not to worry about missile defense  until after he gets re-elected.

Russia WILL keep the United States in check, you can believe that!

We don't need Russia's approval. Get over it.

I don't give a damn what a fat Russian Chris Christi says about our missiles.

Doesn't Russia realize that if Iran, for example, shot a nuke missile @ Russia, we would shoot it down as well ?

another reason to push the button.....

The U.S. is not even deserving of peace and security after all the wars and murder it has caused throughout Middle East and also Asia. They have murdered women and children so that their men could live. Thus, the U.S. thinks an American man's life is worth more than foreign women.  True cowards!

The Russians got us just where they want us!

Russia - the US- and Europe will all ways be at loggerheads as regards to missle defense . Too many years of bad blood to change.  Maybe France ,a partner to both, could step up to the plate  with a solution................sorry to you'all out there for getting real.

Is our president going to represent the United States, or is he going to yield to Putin?   Remember the hidden agenda between Putin and Obama?  With Russia returning to a Soviet Union type of State, it is in the best interest of Europe and the U.S. to keep the missiles in place.  Without the missiles, an attack could be launched against Europe with little resistance.  The missiles represent a deterrent for Europe.  At least, Hagel is looking at these important issues in a realistic context.  He is not being a "yes man" to the president.Hagel's position requires "grit" in the face of adversity.This whole cold war nuclear mentality seems out-of-date in this post 9-11 world.  Now that the USSR is caput and Russia is has no interest in trying to impose communism on the world, what is the point.  We have much bigger issues with N. Korea, Iran, and other hotspots in the developing world.

All Russians in America are criminal leeches and the ones in Russia are where they should stay. Why do you think the Germans dispised them and wanted to liquidate this fowlrace. At the start of world war two and many years thereafter they had no indoor plumbingand were running to the out house where they are at there best.

Let the Ruskies go #$%$ up a rope.

Russkies are paranoid whack jobs.

Screw Putin!

someone needs to dig up reagan and reanimate him, we cold use him with all these threats and idiots the us is dealing with, time for another hardline dont f with us president

Pushkov doesn't like it when Obama is dishonest ? Welcome to America comrade !

This must be part of what was meant when Obama told russia he will have more flexibility after he wins reelection.  I wouldn't be surprised if those extra batteries in Alaska never materialize.

USA to Russia = We Will Bury You.....

In Europe we have always believed that the system is aimed at Russia and very few are even aware of the existence of the US interpretation of its goal.If I had all my pockets, stuffed full of turds and all Putin needed was one single turd, in exchange for his opinion - I wouldn't let them have it, cause I don't give a chit about what Putin thinks...

#$%$ Russia. They support N Korea and Iran and any other two bit dictatorship run by murdereous thugs. That's why Russia has been, and will be for a very long time, in the #$%$.SOmething in the slavic genes combined with the rampant use of alcohol renders the Russains incapable of rational thought. I know, I was married to one.

Russia has real teeth, America can pick on and bully all the third World countries in the World, when it comes to Russia, they got the plums and the muscles to dish out to America what they can never overcome, real deliverable WMDs, not fake false flag ones we war against.

Kill all Russians

Uncle Sam needs a name change. Something like Billy bob the enforcer and bully of the block would work.

If you take a good look, what Russia thinks of Washington's "changing stories" is very much like what people have begun to think of Washington at home. Just because Russia is calling Washington out on it doesn't mean Russia is out to kill Americans or take over the world.

americans are troublemakers.PERIODS......AND THE MOST CORRUPTED

the US needs to have a war with Russia if they do not like it, the US needs to have a war with Russia and China and Iran and North Korea, then there will be peace in the world and we will win