Please share this with everyone you know.  It absolutely blows my mind that their government can just take 10% of someone's savings!!  I am paying attention.

Your faith in your government will destroy you, as many loyal German jews learned in the 1930s.

How is this anything but theft? They are punishing those who saved money in their banks to pay for the mal-practice of their government. If someone stopped you at the ATM and took 10% of the money you withdrew, you would be screaming to the police. But what happens when it is the police stealing from you?

Holy siht! They just took 10% of people's money? This should be THE news of the week.

The spending cuts in the U.S. government should start with all foreign-aid FIRST!

This is really not a whole lot different than the devaluation of the U.S. Dollar by over 30% in the last 12 years....Gee, where did all the money go?

This is exactly the reason people purchase hard assets.  Gold, silver, platinum, etc. can't be devalued/seized as easily as money in a bank.

It wouldn't affect me if it happened here. I'm 100% invested in LEAD.

The arm of the government is strong and far reaching, I hope this is a wake up call.

The responsible producers and savers are once again mugged by the irresponsible moochers. When the day comes that the world rejects the U.S. dollar as the world reserve currency and the Fed can no longer print money out of thin air watch how fast the Fed. Gov. declares an "emergency" and taps into the responsible peoples 401K's, IRA's etc. to keep the Welfare "entitlement" money going out and the votes coming in.

So, basically, if I WERE to take 10% of a bank's money, I would go to JAIL for a long time! But If THEY take 10% of MY money, it's OK!Something is WRONG with that picture!There.Amazing! The ones' who work hard, save and are responsible with their money, ALWAYS end up  paying for the other guys' financial IRresponsibility!

This is most definitely, ILLEGAL!

As Obama would say...It is not theft or a tax, but a FEE!

They are coming after your 401K next.Think that I'm joking?  They've already discussed it in Congress!Anybody here paying attention?

'Cyprus' savers bear brunt of unprecedented bailout'People just don't get it. The 'people bearing the brunt of the unprecedented bailout' are people that have been practicing a healthy concept of economic theory. They are punished for that. They are punished FOR THAT, by the CENTRAL BANKERS AND THE GOVERNMENTS THEY CONTROL. When all of the 'economic experts' parrot that IRRESPONSIBILITY then tyrants and despots control the destiny of men.

Uh-oh ... this is baaad news. Now that the precedent is established, look for governments all over the world to start thinking about doing the same thing.See? Put your money in gold, jewelry ... hell, bury it in a jelly jar in the back yard! Your savings are no longer safe.

Ahhhh yes. The global banker's taking more money from the serfs. And they sit back and take it.

And still the good old U.S. of A. can not stop spending with all these examples staring it in the face.

america doing the same. by printing money  its devalueing the US dollar.theft by deception

You can bemoan a 10% (or 6.7%) "tax" to save their system....  But that seems tame to me compared to the 40% losses American investers (savers) took in their assets when WE had a "bubble collapse" as a result of the mortgage manipulations of the big banks (too big to fail).And there is no such thing as the new world order ? The bankers created this mess and now feel free to take people's (cyprus citizens) money and the govt of cyprus sits back and let's a globalist banking cartel do this to their people. The reason why because their (cyprus politicians) like the usa politicians do not work to serve their people they work to serve the globalist banking elite aka the new world order

And you think a depression isn't headed for the U.S. considering we're buying OUR OWN DEBT!  Remember, the last time the market peaked, was in 2007 just before the crash, and that was $7T ago and Bernanke wasn't buying government debt.  This time it will be a total collapse.  I estimate 2015.

Whenever a govt spends more than it has, it is those who have been responsible with their assets who suffer the most.  Unfortunately, it is the people of a country who are responsible for the debt a government accrues, no matter what type of government it is.

I kind a c\r\a\p myself how Europe is kicking the can down the road, (us we DO!) Unbelievable! A new tactic HAD emerged - take people's money! So, so simple! I didn't think of that. As a matter of fact, it's so simple that I'm flabbergasted! If it works, and would appear it does, hey, the WH is listening intently!Take HEED!There.

What's next? Perhaps, let's try, 25% NEXT TIME, ha?If they CAN take 10, what's wrong with 25 or 50%?The banks would simply ask: "What's you gonna do about it, S\U\C\K\E\R?"GET YOUR MONEY OUT!  And that goes for ALL other DROWNING countries in Europe! While you can! Take HEED!There.

And what folks do you think the government in the USA will do with your IRAs and 401ks and other savings?

Hmmmmm... Sounds rather familiar.   Surely that won't happen in the U.S.A.... NOOooo,... NEVER.......

These Banksters are certainly helping themselves to retirees' life savings.

Sounds like the S&amp;L scam of the 80s in the US being replayed here. Time to lynch the bankers worldwide.

And when we look at OUR debt here in the US, (what is it now, close to 17 TRILLION and growing?), The Treasury and The federal Reserve one day might say, "Well, we ALL have to pay for debt instead of default which is DEVASTATING. The Federal government has decided to 'RE-CHANNEL'  10% of your deposits!"Kind of, gives me the goose-bumps, but hey, if Cyprus IS a 'Ginny-pig' on this, I don't see why it cannot happen here, sooner than you think!There.If it weren't such a critical situation it would be rather amusing to watch Europe try to spend its way out of debt.

Good thing this can't happen here in America....or, CAN it?YIKES!

Those that work and earn to support themselves will be robbed.  Welfare bums will continute to get paid.  It ain't fair.  The EU claims it will hurt the Russian money washers but I doubt that this will be accomplished by stealing from the mom &amp; pop accounts.

"To guard against capital flight, Cyprus will take immediate steps to prevent electronic money transfers over the weekend."Gee! Kind a CREEPY!

The lesson here is: Get your money out of the banks!

Politicians are criminals. This guy will be lucky to live another year in cyprus and he damned sure wont be re elected. What an #$%$. Glad I am not from there.

What do they expect; take the EU's money for free?  Lesson, don't keep your money in failing countries no matter what interest rate they pay.

Look for the very same deal in the United States. 401K's and IRA's are known to the government and generally represent "wealth". At some point, the economic system will collapse under the weight of debt and spending and some genius will offer up the wealth of those who saved as a solution.It's the liberal way. Be generous with the earnings of others. The needs of the needy always outweigh the needs of those who own and earn, and add value to life.Since all of those programs are for retirement, the argument will be that the government can just take the money and guarantee you a bigger retirement annuity which is all they will argue is what Social Security is. And if you die, they keep it all.The problem is that they won't stop spending. That means the loss of wealth won't stop the collapse for long. Greed never ends.

Not a bit difference than what is happening here in the U.S.We elder people that saved and tried to take care of our selves in our old age have to take care of the lazy ,unproductive ones who choose to live off of the sweat of others that the gov.doles out for their vote.Higher food prices, higher gas,we have to pay for not only for ourselves but for these deadbeats who have been on the dole for generations.And our prez has doubled the amount of people in four years strictly for the vote!

Absolutely ILLEGAL! I hope you guys get your money out ASAP and also that the Cyprus banking system collapse within weeks! I really do! gl!There.boldness is coming to America. Thank you Obummer for making us look like Africans, bold style.

It would appear that this 'might' become STANDARD practice in Spain, Portugal, Italy, Greece, Ireland and soon France. If I lived in one of those countries, I would be c\r\a\p\p\i\n\g myself as I type these words. First thing in the morning, I would go to the nearest ATM and cash OUT, close my account! I hope, the lot of you over there, take heed! gl!There.

This is one of the scariest things I've read.  However lets remember, when the government overspends, we know they overspend because of the mathematics. There will come a time in the United States where an honest mathematical analysis of revenue and expenditures will dictate that someone has to lose something that (was) rightfully theirs. And no amount of emotional outbursts will change that. That's why we have to start budgeting on the state and federal level NOW.

Sign of things to come here.  Anyone who thinks the US cannot go bankrupt is a fool.  We are headed for calamity on a scale never witnessed before and the morons who voted for Obama have smiles on their faces.

How soon we forget.  Only a few years ago Pelosi chaired a secret committee on ways to seize all US retirement accounts.  Their plan was to mandate that all retirement moneys must be held in "special" US treasuries redeemable only at retirement age.  Don't think that they won't do it -- socialism fails when you run out of other peoples cash to spend.

Coming soon to a State near you!   This is what happens when taxation to pay for the entitlement programs that "encourage" people to vote for politicians comes full circle.  There is never enough to cover the promised goodies so all citizens are expected to cover their losses with an automatic "tithe".

This is what happens, people. You cannot let governments get their hands into banking or it is just a matter of time before they abuse banks and savers. Government is really just legalized theft even under the best circumstances. Take a look at Dodd-Frank. Then take a look at neo-SwashbucklerIsland.  It is a yahoo group with a plan.

This doesn't seem right to me. They bail out these other countries and don't demand the depositors forfeit money but they have to here?

Let's see what Russia does, not that it's people have been ripped off...

I guess, Russians might need to look for another bank, in some other country, ha?Socialist government in action.  Spend more than you have in give away programs.  When the well runs dry, take from those who actually worked hard and saved for the future.

Ah, what an incentive to live within one's means.  Save and you get punished..... this is what is meant be redistribution of wealth.  Hmm, where have I heard that before!!

According to my last bank balance, I had 1000 Euros in my account - coincidentally and precisely! Now, I did not spend, nor did I withdraw any amount. According to my latest statement, I have EXACTLY, 900 Euros!What? The Heck!

I can't imagine how financial systems built on fiat currency and fractional reserve banking could ever have problems.

The leaders of Europe have screwed things up so bad a politician who plays on fears and promotes hatred while promising revenge will have no problem gaining a sizable following.Sound familiar to any students of history?

Ron Paul consistently warned about how unstable the banking system is.  Maybe now people will pay attention.

A fair trade would be to tie 1 of every 10 European bankers to the railroad tracks.

it is always the prudent savers who get burnt.how sad and predatory that can be.when the reckless spenders live a high life and get bailed out.and these ignoble people will not only continue to spend beyond their means butalso flaunt it.governments should not be allowed to plunder the money from the savings of others.but the same thing is being allowed even in usa.FED is printing money and causing inflation and de-valuing the savings of prudent savers.sooner or later this country is going to pay a big price.

Notice they announced this right before a weekend, so that banks could stay closed and people can't pull out or transfer their money.  Crooks!  Every one of them.

Just another reason to hold gold and silver outside of the banking system.If someone must pay it should have been the stockholders not the depositors.

Over 1 BILLION HOLLOW-POINT bullets purchased (for domestic purposes, only!) by the Federal Government, recently.Apparently, it was a discount, offer. And for target practice. Fine. But HOLLOW-POINT? Nobody 'target practice' with HOLLOW-POINT!Hmm, I got it! What if something radical were to happen like, we must ALL pay for our 17 TRILLION DEBT and we must ALL be responsible for that! 10% of all deposits in the US are to be 'RE-CHANNELED' in order to avert the DEVASTATION of default.Do you think, there would be a few upset people on the streets of USA? Ha? I do.There.

Coming to the USA.... oh wait it is here already..... punish people for being successful by taking their money and giving it to the ones who have pi**ed their money down the drain!

The federal reserve's expansion of the money supply and the resulting inflation is just as much theft as this. In fact, more so, since the inflation has been greater than 10%. Why aren't Americans getting as angry? Because the federal reserve knows how to package it up in a nice bow, with words like "Quantitative easing", and americans don't see the inflation immediately, so the link isn't made. Sad.

banking is a sham, parasitic concept. a 4 inch piece of pvc pipe with glued end caps would be a safer alternative for stashing money.

It's the same thing as the govt printing more $. It happens in the US all the time. Our dollar used to be worth more than Canada's.  Greece just can't print Euro's so this is the new way in the EU I guess.

iran hangs corrupt bankers!

Folks....the banks made billions in bad real estate loans, they collude with real estate developers worldwide to price fix housing over 50% higher than what is should be....when vacancy rates skyrocket and the loans dont get paid back after all the developer bonuses and skimming off the loans...they just make innocent depositors worldwide cover their bad, fraudulent loans, scams with more fees, theft from deposits, printing more fiat money etc....wakeup to the fraud folks, biggest financial crime in history

Ohh- ohh! Stocks down, Financial sectors Waay DOWN, Gold up on Monday!Thank you!

After Obama's tax and spend policies we will not get a little hair trim, like SYpriots, but we will all have to part with all our hair. The country will be walking bold, men, women and chidlren.Let this be a lesson to you: If the economy is going south, TAKE YOUR MONEY OUT OF THE BANKS AND HOARD IT  UNDER YOUR MATRESS.  If you don't do that, the government will just take it in some trade agrement to secure a bailout loan for them and the 1% job creators (whom, incidentally, only need the bailout because they are horrible at creating jobs).

Still think a one world banking system , or borrowing from a forien power is smart? Wake up people what do you think is going to happen when the usa has to pay back her loans ?

As I recall, Qaddafi did this to Libyans to raise money (the same 10%), The West was pretty shocked at this unannounced appropriation of savings at the time.

Seizure of private assets to pay for Liberalism unadulterated......coming to a Democrat utopia near you.

Nothing to worry about. King oumbama will fly over there for golf and fix everything.Every thing he touches turns to .........

get ready with your 401k for an obama haircut

from the playbook of the democrats- take from the hard working &amp; give it to the lazy!   pull your pants up &amp; go to work!

It's not really different than any other form of tax.  The government confiscates wealth from citizens in order to fund its activities.  The more activities, the more funding required; the more funding required, the more the government has to confiscate from the governed.

Who will be next?  Italy, Spain, France or the UK?

"Almost half Cyprus's bank depositors are believed to be non-resident Russians..."Anyone else see a "red flag" with this sort of financial "arrangement" going on?"..and a banking system flush with Russian cash, made it a conduit for money-laundering."Crooks .... don't deposit your  money with crooks !Real estate and precious metals and stone are assets tjat don't vanish like paper money does.

Nah, I don't see that happening here in the US. The Fed's policies will simply mean that your hard-earned deposits will be worth 10% of their former value, and the 90% will be in the pockets of the crony capitalists who have benefited from the Fed's 0% largesse. Nothing confiscated, just devalued. It is theft by subterfuge. And the feint is "Let's talk about rifles, gay marriage, and fattening Happy Meals."

And all you leftists still can't see any parallels to the path America is headed down?

The socialists are at work again. You work, you save, you get screwed!! I guess the alcoholics and welfare recipients are winning.

Get ready America. If you dont think this will happen here next you have been asleep for 5 years. Obama loves mirroring the Europeans........and Dems have been floating the idea of gov't confiscating deposits and taking over retirement accounts for decades now. They hate Roth almost as much as they hate Bush.....

Cyprus should tell them to go back to where they came from, which is Hell, and then do the Iceland thing.

Let's see here.They're screwing the people if whose actions were followed by the government(spending less then you had) would mean the country wouldn't need this loan!

turks out of cyprus !

Coming soon to a bank near YOU!

Why is it that the savers always have to pay for what the spendthrifts do?Test case for the US. It's what the dark banking cabal wants, our savings.

Why the shock!  When situations are desperate, very few people play by the rules.  Governments behave no differently.

Why not sell 10% of banks assets? So they avoid bankruptcy, or why not give 10% of banks assets to the savers? There are other ways to do this making banks pay for their greed.

The best is yet to come for Europe.  Centuries of pillaging other nations and living off other countries earnings is bringing the chicken home to roost.

This is incredible. It is true that governments will do whatever they need to, too survive so they can get their paycheck.  They should fire all of the greedy bank executives who allowed the problem, and take their savings instead.

What happens if that money was there short term to pay your suppliers or employees? Do you tell them to ask the Gov for the money?

Time to keep the least amount of money in the bank as possible.

I don't get it. If I'm an EU central planner, why do I risk a continent-wide bank panic over tiny Cyprus and their measley 10 billion euro bailout? If I'm an EU bankster, I save my impairment card when I have bigger fish to fry, like a 500 billion euro bailout to Spain or Italy. Stupid Europeans. They can't even get totalitarianism right anymore.

Bernumbnuts and Benghazi Boy must be getting hard-ons at the mere thought of using theft to pay off the deficit.  Buying gold and silver looks even more appealing now.

So someone that has 100,000 Euros gets hit with 10%, and someone with 99000 Euros gets hit with 6.7%the guy with 99000 Euros comes out ahead of the other by almost 2500 EurosRegardless, this will push everyone back to hiding their money under the mattress( figuratively speaking that is)ha maybe Turkey will bail the lazy greeks out

Lets get one thing straight here: the EU is not now, nor never was, made up of socialist countries where the means of production where under the democratic control of the workers for their benefit: FULL EMPLOYMENT, rising wages/benefits and LOWER TAXES than is possible under capitalism.  What Europe had, and which is largely being dismantled now with the forceful implementation of continent wide austerity by the capitalist class, i.e. the financial/corporate elites, was limited social policies, concessions really, set up after the end of WWII to forestall the revolutionary upsurge of the workers for a democratic society under their control and for their benefit: socialism.   Also, the USA ruling class opened its markets and allowed the EU countries to flood our markets with their goods, the whole world actually, and thus allow global capitalism to recover and serve as a bulwark against the influence of the stalinist USSR, Eastern Europe, and China, among other lesser countries.However, the USA was only able to be the market to the world, i.e. have its workers consume and propel the global capitalist system to prosperity, while worker's wages were rising...  thus the post WWII boom, which ended in 1974.  After 1974, workers wages, not just in the USA, but in the EU, have stagnated to declined such that only by the intro. of massive collapse the system credit/debt, facilitated by the private Fed Reserve in the USA, and by the mechanism of trade with the Euro in the EU, where southern EU countries gained access to far more credit then they otherwise could have, where consumers in the USA and to a lesser extent in the EU able to drive (consumers) econ growth.  Needless to say, the ponzi credit/debt driven econ growth, i.e. the FAILED CAPITALIST SYSTEM, came to an end with the 2008 financial crisis and now, only by destroying workers living standards can the capitalist class maintain and drive its profits ever higher = ABOLISH CAPITALISM!!!  72

Cyprus government will stop anyone that challenges the banks orders. They might shut down all ATM machines by tomorrow.

Today Cyprus , tomorrow who knows? The EU is falling apart- last chance to save it is for the german people to send Angela Merkel home this September. If they don't then the collapse of the EU will be on their hands

Cyprus has always been used as a testing grounds for all sorts of political, military and other crazy things. Now we see an unprecedented financial situation as this is. BTW, this is coming to the states soon too, wait and see. We can't print money at a 200 billion dollar rate every couple months forever you know.

I don't see why everyone is so surprised. The U.S. and Britain just sat there and WATCHED with ships off shore,  when Cyprus was brutally invaded in 1974 by  Turkey, a nation 80 times its size and population, took away 37% of the island and partitioned it from the south and still illegally occupies that area . By comparison, this bailout is a trifle. It's all in the conditioning.

Yeah .. and you don't think it could happen here that the gvt just flips a switch and electronically adjusts your bank account???

Actions, actions, actions... That is ALL that matters folks, not what the capitalist or even so called "socialist" politicians say or don't say.  What matters is what they do:  and here, it is clear that CAPITALISM, not socialism, HAS FAILED!!!  For the USA, more than 30 years of "free trade" agreements, where production, along with once high paying American jobs, has been and continues to be systematically shipped to "slave wage" China/India, and more recently, Vietnam, Indonesia, all for the benefit of the Big capitalists and their high and going higher profits.  This is CAPITALISM!!!More recently, the USA economy had become reliant on speculative fictitious capital bubbles, created by the private Fed Reserve, the most recent the real estate bubble, and now the stock market bubble, which imploded in on itself with the 2008 financial criminal bankster "crisis" and these very own banksters, plus corporate elties, where not only not sent to jail, or even prosecuted, but where bailout out to the tune of more than $17 trillion and counting... mostly through backdoor activities of the private Federal Reserve.  In fact, the Fed is even now putting the interests of the financial/corporate elites, as they have done for DECADES, ahead of the interests of the working (middle) class by printing $85billion/month and handing it to the banksters = CAPITALISM!!  What have the system of the financial/corporate elites, capitalism, done to materially improve the living standards of the working (middle) class since the end of the post WWII boom in 1974?  There was LBJ "war on poverty", but nothing that directly helped to raise wages b/c, lets face it, poverty only exists b/c capitalism exists, to keep corporate profits high and going higher = ABOLISH CAPITALISM!!! 83

This is most likely the fate of all of Europe. Canadian banks are going to get a lot of new customers.

Once an ecconomy abandons the gold standard, savers are "sc==ed.The death of democracy in europe. the EU makes the rules as it goes along. No way of removing the leaders. Welcome to the EUSSR

Capitalism...  what else did the Cypriot masses expect?  CAPITALISM, is a FAILED SYSTEM for the working (middle) class not only in Cyrus, the EU, and the USA but the world over, almost without exception.  While it is true that the post WWII boom, which ended in 1974, was the exception to this rule, such was only possible after WWI, 1930's Great Depression, and WWII.  And even that only bought a 30 year "exception" where profits rose alongside rising wages.  Now however, the exception has long ago given over to the normal of capitalism where rising profits lead to lower and lower wages/benefits = ABOLISH CAPITALISM!!!  and replace it with the nationalized economy under the democratic control of the working class for FULL EMPLOYMENT, affordable healthcare/education, a secure retirement, etc. all at LOWER TAXES than is possible under the system of the financial/corporate elites: capitalism.  56

"Without parliamentary approval, a haircut cannot take place."  With open list proportional representation, small parties are more easily represented in the parliament of Cyprus and there is less excuse to not vote than in countries such as the U.S. From what I understand, voting in Cyprus is compulsory, yet 21% of the voters abstained in the last parliamentary election.

If Cyprus had a Second Amendment, would this compulsory tithe even be entertained?

The vast majority of money in Cypriot banks is NOT from small local depositors but from overseas tax evaders... much of it is Russian mafia money.

My Fellow Americans,You are next when the banking oligarchy with freeze all your banking money deposits. They will swim in champagne and caviar and you will starve to death.

Why not steal the people's savings to bail out the banks.  Sounds all too familiar.

Excuse me if I don't feel any sorrow for the tax evaders who hide their money in Cyprus.

They would have lost much more of the banks had failed.  And the EU, instead of continually caving in to these mismanaged countries, should have let them fail.  There will never be real reform as long as the EU creditor nations keep bailing out the debtors with "loans" that will never be repaid.  Amazing that the voters have not yet kicked out Merkel and her ilk.

so they're telling account owners to hand over 10% of their savings over to the banks so they can keep running? I'd be transferring my money out of those banks asap. it's not the account holder's fault that the bank overspent when it shouldn't have.The people that voted this idiot in must have been the people with no money in the bank.

Iceland had the right solution when faced with the same problem.  They let the banks go bankrupt and threw the bankers in jaail.

The evil assault on savers continues as elite forces protect Banksters Inc.  Since the crash of 2008, the major Western central banks have spun a FALSE narrative, in which savers, not reckless banks and irresponsible, consumption animal borrowers, appear as the cause of the crash.  Thus, today, we have a society in which borrow and spend and spend has been elevated above prudence and thrift.

Govt./banks collude and the taxpayer/depositor pays.

The rich Cypriots (who avoid and evade all taxes) keep their money overseas.  The Russian depositors I could care less about,  they are all gangsters.  I feel for the average Cypriot whose money is trapped in Cypriot Banks.

I know when a country is in financial trouble, tough measures must be taken. But it does seem a bit unfair to penalize savers, who are only guilty of good spending habits and of saving money.

This will likely cause riots in the streets, not to mention general labour strikes across the country. It is highly conceivable that this will cause a run on the banks as everyone pulls their money out and closes their accounts. This will collapse the banks and it will be nearly impossible to ever get people to trust banks again, let alone their governments or the EU!

I would be angry too if a government took away and of my hard earned money.  However I would be interested in know how that country's tax structure worked and at what age people retired.  Some of these countries had retirement at 50 and 55, which is fine if you pay your own way until 60 or 65.

Wait till it happens here. The Cdn dollar will revalue at about 10%. No wonder they are talking about getting rid of the nickel.

The bank accounts of rich account holders should have been subjected to a proportionaley higher percentage of this grab, instead of an across the board rate which hurt the middle and working class disproportionately.  Once again an example of  socialism for the rich, crushing capitalist oppression of the other 99% of the population.  CAPITALISM IS POISON.This is your lovely capitalist system on steroids.  The modern State exists to serve the interests of the dominant economic class.

Too many decades of criminal activity by governments and banksters, greed and laziness of citizens, and this is what you get. Coming soon to a continent near you. Think your Canadian savings are safe???

'Star Spangled's post is a truth diamond in a sea of gravel. In the last 30 years the rich became SuperMega Rich! The rest of us have suffered the opposite.

It is the bank's lending money they don't have that lead to this financial crisis. Fractional reserve banking is fraudulent counterfeit which inflate the money circulating in the economy creating inflation.

Make Cyprus change its banking laws to prevent the Russion money laundering before they get dime one.

Gimme a break! Take some responsibility, people. Isn't the handout that they're getting in return welfare, or theft in a different sense? The people who live in the country, and are citizens of that country are responsible for that country. If it's the people at the top who screwed things up, well, they got to the top by being Elected(Cyprus is ostensibly a democracy) by the people at the bottom. How is this not the responsibility of the people at the bottom?If you're too stupid or lazy or selfish to look outside your little world to see how what you do or don't do plays out in the bigger world(your community, your country, your planet), then suffer.And I stand by those words in my own situation. If something I do or say out of ignorance comes back to bite me on the butt, well, I'm responsible for it.