Sadly they might have gotten away with this if not for the pictures posted on social media.  And the judge and parents of the kids blame Face Book not their kids!

Note from the judge: "be aware of what your post on the internet!!!!" Oh, and P.S., don't rape people.

He just told them they shouldn't have gotten caught!  What a place.  One year in juevie for rape.  They'll probably let them keep their phones.

So Judge!  It's ok to do it...just DON'T record it!!??What a stupid statement!!Many abuses have been caught on social media and the perpetrators punished!

If this were an accurate article it would have also included the fact that Two supporters of the boys both female, have now been arrested because they placed DEATH Threats against the Victim on a Social Network Page.This is a wake up call Get the Hell off Face Book.

I think she was doped, drugged. The media and Judge don't know.  I hate how they keep repeating "drunken" girl when this plot was hatched long before that night, and they conspired to get ahold of her to revenge and abuse her before she had a drop.  It wouldn't matter if she was drinking soda, water, they would have drugged her anyway, or knocker her out.  A drink or two doesn't render you unconscious for hours and hours...I hope this comes out.

Thomas Lipps issued a cautionary note to children and parents, urging them to reconsider "how you record things on the social media so prevalent today."Or, you know... don't rape people.

to Mark and Jay......when it's YOUR daughter...or sister...or neice....or MOTHER...who forgets that it is her PLACE to service the star athelete and it doesn't matter if she is sober,drunk,asleep,sick,says no or in a coma.....and it's HER PICTURE being seen naked,and dragged all over YOUR HOME TOWN naked with semen leaking out of her mouth and vagina....then I want to hear what YOUR MOTHER AND GRANDMOTHER have to say to your comments ......there IS no excuse for the kind of base,animal behavior these creatures exibited...they are a product of a community that let them think that atheltic ability gave them a license to behave any damn way they wanted to....and a society that continues to see females as nothing more that service vessels for male use. And the comments of you two only serve to keep the nightmare alive.....Please do the world a favor.....get sterilized

they used to teach a social studies and civics class, with emphasis on ethical &amp; moral behavior....and don't tell me right and wrong varies that much.  Be a good time to bring it back to the classroom

"I wouldn't know whom to report to," said Jasmine Flores, 18, a high school junior in Madison, Wis. She says many teenagers are reluctant to be tattletales."It's a taboo thing to do," Flores says. "If you are that person's friend, you don't want get that person in trouble."On school grounds...the principal.  Anywhere else, the police.  As for getting a friend in trouble....any 'friend' who does something like this is not worth having as a friend.maybe they'll be in the NFL in a few years,they'll fit right in

Social Media??? Telling the world what, where and how every hour of your life is surely to bring trouble upon your life as well as family members. I trust no one and little of what I hear or read. Why let your guard down and invite trouble into your life that could alter it for as long as you live????

for the folks complaining, the prosecutor is the one that has to have them tried as adults, not the judge. Secondly, under Ohio law, as juveniles they can only get so much time. The judge was not being funny when he made the comment s about social media- 2 girls have been arrested for threatening the girl by text. This is far from over as State Attorney General  Michael Dewine is getting a grand jury probe into other allegations, including how underage teens got alcohol, and if other people were involved.

we didn't know it was rape.... but our team is openly and jokingly called the rape crew. yeah ok. ponder the definition of rape while big tyrone is anal raping you nightly

I think everyone that was at the party,or knew about the basement abuse should be tried and found guilty and passed judgement on them according to the involvement

Those two so called human beings should have been tried as adults so their lives would be ruined forever like the girls is !! They are rapists !!

Why did this article have to start out by saying Two football players raped a drunk girl. I don't know why they have to keep calling her a drunk teenage girl. The fact is that a teenage girl got raped by two young men she thought were her friends. Then after the rape they bragged about it.

All the ,so called friends, On that video, Should spend the same time in confinement as these two..

The best quote I have read regarding this story:"Rape isn't like any other crime in America, or elsewhere. Statistics show that every 100 rapes in America results in only five felony convictions. It's the only crime in which the level of intoxication of the victim is considered by some, like the convicted rapists' lawyers and some in the media, to be mitigating evidence. It's the only crime in which the perceived attractiveness of the perpetrators to other people or the victim is considered relevant information. It's the only one in which we're encouraged to sympathize with why perpetrators picked their victims – their supposed drunkenness, their clothes, their reputations – and then blame the victims for making themselves attractive targets."

They had better thank God I wasn't the father of that young girl. They would be six feet deep all of them not just the two. That kid on you tube would have been the first.You don't need to be well versed in the fine points of the law to know that what those two did to an unconscious girl was wrong.

Anyone else think its ridiculous they posted their criminal acts online and texted about it and STILL plead innocent?

I stopped something like this from happening in theearly 70's and was forced to quit school and move but would  stop it again if I saw it was about to happen. I raised my kids to knowlove ana about this stuff. You have to teach them what respect,honesty,pride, loyalty  and bravery realy means.

i wouldn`t know what to do - egging them on.You don`t know right from wronglord of the fliesNo one should really be surprised-- the air force general who over turned the rape conviction. Legitimate rape- snooki and Kim - A pimp wanna be opening up with his glock on a major street and killing 3 people;We do not believe in respect for each otherif this  is how your friends treat you who needs  enemiesChris brown beating the #$%$ out of rihanna-- He is popular and people still buy his records and go to his concerts and invite him to eventsKanye west can get up at the Grammys and insult Taylor swift in fron of hundreds of thousands of people.nothing has changed and nothing willIs this any different then the tailhook scandal20 kids and 6 adults killed and nothing has changed on the gun debate150 million women- - what are you going to do

Both of those boys will fry in prison

Good article... keywords: "if this was just in the basement without the new technology... this would not go to trial".  This would be sad; the deniable truth cannot be overcome by the defense... if it wasn't "recorded", these 2 pigs would lie through their butts.

I think most of you are reading into the Judge's comments something that's not there.  The recordings and use of social media, though the smoking gun for the convictions, was not only a form of harrassment, but, to a large extent, also inspired the horrific behavior.  Certainly if you see a crime, document it.  But don't commit the crime just so you can document it.

Life is all about choices. Good choices generally render good outcomes, bad choices generally bad outcomes. These two teens or any of the other teens there could have made the right choice to protect the girl and get her home safely. If that had been done the girl probably would have been punished by her parents and the boys teased by schoolmates. The boys could have been HEROs if they had made the right choice, rather, they made the bad choice and are now ZEROs. They went from football hero to juvenile zero in one night of bad decisions.

There is something wrong with the brain of most young people. First to commit felonies so easily and then to think it's cool to tape it.

maybe they should be raped to see how it feelsWhen these young people have absolutely no moral compass, anything and everything is fair to them. I'm sure they had no idea that taking advantage of a drunken girl by treating her like an object was rape. There is a mob mentality when kids share information through electronic media and, if they get positive feedback from peers, it makes their activities acceptable. The problem with "social media" is that it can and may tear apart our sense of responsibility in our social culture. Posting pictures of drunken behavior doesn't make it right, but it makes it less wrong when peers give it "THUMBS UP" and post such clever responses as "LMAO."

Thank heavens the parents in Steubenville don't let academics interfere with their children acting like total morons.  How freakin' stupid are these people.  I hope the girls that posted the threats get their #$%$ burned.  Can you spell sociopath?

sssshh!!, just make sure no one sees you, make sure no one is recording you and make sure that no one will be uploading/posting it any media site. then you'll be okay and you'll be able to get away with it..If your gonna do something wrong, make sure you do it right!..is that about right?

If it hadnt been for the social media there woould have been no pressure put on anyone to procecute and would have got swept under the rug like whats happened in some past cases.Sorry society these days when it takes social pressure to do the right thing.

Being the parent of a teenager is a frightening thing in todays society. Having my own, 3 boys and a girl, I have seen time and time again how cruel and horrible these kids can be with the wall of the computer screen to "block" them. Its about time they learned that saying something online is no different than saying something in person.I explained it like this to my 15 year old daughter: "Picture this; you are standing in the school gym. Everyone on your facebook is there, everyone. Youre grandma, Your aunts, uncles, cousins, church members, friends, people you dont know really from Farmville or something. Now would you get up and say to EVERYONE something ignorant, or curse filled. or mean, or stupid? With your grandmother in the room? No? Well, thats exactly what you do when you act ignorant on Facebook."I made my kids follow this case, as a lesson in what can go wrong at parties, with alcohol, with peer pressure and with social media.And I know it says Bruce but thats my husband :)Melissa

Just like the 11 year old latina girl in Houston who was raped by over 20 men. These animals captured it on there cell phones and was bragging about it.If you are that Dumb and arrogant to commit a heinous crime like that and then make evidence that proves your guilt and share it with people, you should get 10 years added onto your sentence automatically.

In my day there was a saying: 'no pictures, no proof'. Boy has that changed.

you know folks,no one should really be surprised that no one in the "group'' of these animals stopped the carnage.....maybe none of you are old enough to remember the Kitty Genovese crime of the early 60s..but in NYC a young lady was chased down a NYC street,beated and raped.in the doorway of an apt building in the early evening hrs.....in the summertime.....multiple families heard her screaming for help and heard the sounds of the beatings and the rape...and everyone later said the reason THEY didn't call the cops was because each one thought "someone else would call"......People,we need to be teaching all of us better.....yesterday 2 girls related to the animals found guilty of this crime were charged with menacing because they used their cell phones to text threats to the VICTIM because their "POOR RELATIVES" were found guilty!!!!!!! WHAT KIND OF FAMILIES ARE RAISING THESE PEOPLE???????? And what kind of world are we living in??????

They said in the video she was "dead". Could she have been that drunk without having alcohol poisoning? Does anyone know if they tested her to see if she was drugged?

Sad that not one person stepped forward to protect the girl or be her advocate...#$%$ is WRONG with this town??2 guys get the juvie for a capitol crime. SERIOUSLY??!!2 other teens get arrested for FB'ing the VICTIM &amp; bullying her, like this was HER fault! REALLY??!!The judge is admonishing the public by telling them not to use social media to tell the world of their crimes.How about telling the public not to commit crimes, IN THE FIRST PLACE, JUDGE??!!THIS WHOLE TOWN NEEDS TO BE QUARANTINED FROM THE REST OF THE WORLD &amp; GIVEN MORALITY &amp; SENSITIVITY CLASSES FOR THE NEXT 6 MONTHS!!!!!

yeah ,your "honor"  is your point now......don't post your crimes????? are you too busy to do YOUR JOB???????? shouldn't you be more concerned that these animals ARE COMMITTING THESE ACTS&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;AND THAT there are PARENTS out there MORE concerned with COVERING IT UP than with RAISING SONS who DON'T BEHAVE LIKE ANIMALS???????????  Judgie,,,YOU NEED TO STEP DOWN SON

Has this Judge lost his freaking mind??? What is wrong with people .. it is absolutly NOT ok to do what they did and for the Judge to even put that statement out was just obsurd!!!

EVERY rapist needs to be castrated, end of story.

Dont record your crimes! Another teen leader from this town has spoken ignorance into the life of the next generation. Sir your are out of order!

Let them keep being stupid and post all they want. One good way to catch the human garbage.

justice would be these boys get raped often during their one year, then maybe they will understand what they did wrong

will there be social media regarding their new prison boyfriends.

The judges message? Rape as a minor get a year. rape as a minor and dont talk about your crimes online? Get off with a full-ride football scholarship.

these"boys" are ready for the NFL....many there are criminals or x consBut what about the adults that tried to get the girl and her parents to drop the case and just walk away, what about them why are they not being reprimanded

it'll be unfortunate if all that comes of this is that "we" learn how to manage our "public/virtual" lives better...

we didnt know what rape was? are you kidding me?? with the times we are in and have been in.. you reaallllly mean to tell me that these high school football players diiiidnt know the difference between consenting sex and rape?? sounds like the pathetic attempt of a defense lawyer to "lessen the blow" of the "hometown heros"

How...effin....sad. I feel sorry for the girl &amp; her family.

If all the threat's to this girl don't stop...they could very well push her over the edge. Social media saved the state of Ohio and young girls close to them. They are to register as sexual predature's, but 1 yr is a JOKE. You get more than that for cruelty towards animals. "They treated her like a toy"...my foot they did...they treated her like trash. That Judge dropped the ball too. They should not have been tried as juev's. They acted like grown men, they should pay like grown men.I am ashamed of the Ohio Judicial System. They didn't do right by this young girl, that Judge just wanted to appear like he did.

laugh it up, don't see them laughing now, sad thing about this is, there are others getting away with the same thing.

Hey Mr so call Judge,  You should of gave the rapeist five years for their crime.

It seems that, for once, we've moved from "she was asking for it [the rape]" to "those teen boys asked for punishment." When somebody commits a crime, any crime, they have to know that they are not being cool, but in fact, asking for prison time. That's what these boys got. I do, however, wonder who was the 21 year old person who supplied all that booze?

But that's what fame-hunger people do. They exploit people and hides under the protection of media.

I'll say it again and again,Facebook and tweeter should be abolished,no need for that #$%$,this is just one story how many other thousands that have caused heartbreak that you don't know about.If these guys werent caught they would have kept doing this to more girls.no doubt about it. the txts and pictures say it all. cold hearted punks. to bad they werent over 18yrs old they would have got a longer sentence for what they did. they got off EZ. not even a booty whoopin for those to. cake walk.

They should go to the big house and see how it feels ..

"I hope it's really raising awareness of how dangerous what these boys did was, and all the other teenagers — including girls — who stood by and did nothing," she says. "The fact that there was confusion about whether what they were doing is right or wrong is tragicthats because of the lefts support of deviant behavior without morality.

What they should be realizing is how crude and uncivilized they are that this kind of thing even goes on!

Sooo, it's ok to commit crimes, just don't publicize them...who knew

Sounds as though the message here is, if you do something like this don't posst it on u tube.

I second Jean!  It seems the point to the article is more about what not to post rather than what you SHOULD NOT be doing in the first place!!!!!

what gets me is all over this country kids from 14-17 are tried as adults but these spoiled kids get off light. Irritates me to no end even after they permanently ruined this girl's life with the known Rape Crew. Excuse me while I throw up -

I still found it despicable the way they were crying and balling over being convicted. Did they really think they didn't deserve to be punished for something so awful? It's sad that among a bunch of kids lies dirty vile pigs like this. They got a slap on the wrist compared to what they deserved and the only hope these two or the people who will encounter them for the rest of their lives has is that they come to realize what they did was wrong and understand it.

and in new jersey 2 black boys  lured a 12-year-old girl into his house under the guise of getting parts for her treasured bicycle and then, with his older brother, killed her, police ... with the intention of stealing the bicycle for parts,then stuffed her dead body in a recycle unit.."new orleans  3 black teens rape,rob,beat,ect a white female and steal her suv and use her debit card..."philly,pa christmas  black teens car-jack a white female and drive her around raping her even after she threw up on them they kept raping and making her do other sex acts,,"like these 2 "SAVAGES"""Blacks commit more violent crime against whites than against other blacks." Forty-five percent of the victims of violent crime by blacks are white folks, 43 percent are black, 10 percent are Hispanic.Blacks are seven times as likely as people of other races to commit murder, eight times more likely to commit robbery and three times more likely to use a gun in a crime."Blacks are an estimated 39 times more likely to commit violent crime against a white person than vice versa, and 136 times more likely to commit robbery." (If decent black folks have trouble hailing a cab, and they do, these numbers may help explain it.)Black-on-white rape is 115 times more common than the reverse.and in new jersey 2 black boys  lured a 12-year-old girl into his house under the guise of getting parts for her treasured bicycle and then, with his older brother, killed her, police ... with the intention of stealing the bicycle for parts,then stuffed her dead body in a recycle unit.."new orleans  3 black teens rape,rob,beat,ect a white female and steal her suv and use her debit card..."philly,pa christmas  black teens car-jack a white female and drive her around raping her even after she threw up on them they kept raping and making her do other sex acts,,"like these 2 "SAVAGES"""Blacks commit more violent crime against whites than against other blacks." Forty-five percent of the victims of violent crime by blacks are white folks, 43 percent are black, 10 percent are Hispanic.Blacks are seven times as likely as people of other races to commit murder, eight times more likely to commit robbery and three times more likely to use a gun in a crime."Blacks are an estimated 39 times more likely to commit violent crime against a white person than vice versa, and 136 times more likely to commit robbery." (If decent black folks have trouble hailing a cab, and they do, these numbers may help explain it.)Black-on-white rape is 115 times more common than the reverse.

these are the same people who vote democrat.

The judge must be one of the good ole' boys from that town, sounds like he wished they wouldn't have filmed the evidence, so he could have not found them delinquent.

"...sentencing two high school football players to juvenile jail terms for raping a drunken girl."Even that sentence is biased.

Gee, and there are laws against rape. Perhaps we should have a couple more...

Mandatory background checks before tweeting could have stopped this obsurdity, not to mention banning more than one person in a car or in a basement at a time!!!

Instead of cautioning these kids on using discretion on recording and youtube, how about educating them on respect and the consequences of their actions. In other words, just don't do it. Granted a 16 year old should not be drinking let alone getting so drunk she becomes incoherent, she is going to have to live with this for her entire life. For this these guys are getting off easy with jail time, they should be compelled to make good on their damages, and not with money alone

Ug. Delete your Facebook. You don't HAVE to have it! Its not hard. And if it is, you need to quit it anyway, because you are addicted.

Every thing in this story is correct.Word for word.They got caught by a video.As the Judge said,the rape was recorded.That is true.So for any one not understanding this story,please read it again.Slowly.Word for Word.

Now we can wait for the media to report how the rapist either got raped or beaten while locked up and maybe the camera's inside the jail will be shown for the world to see them getting just what they deserveThis is what happens when culture tells parents it is not good to use  anything but time out as a punishment , it is a travesty to let young people run rampant with out any concern for consequences , it is like saying go ahead nothing is going to happen unless you get caught and if you do just blame someone else  , and your friends will back you up  it is a sad day for societies young to think this is what is fun .

It seems that the only way the male dominated/driven media will comprehend this miscarriage of justice is to view it through this lense: a teenage boy gets inebriated at a party, his pals decide what a great time to rape him, and drag him to other locations and rape him some more and oh, also add in some video coverage for good measure.How cavalier would the press remain if the situation were this?

Put aside the driving need of young virile males to procreate, what happened to moral conscience? Did`nt these young men understand that one of their own generation was in a vulnerable state and need protection? Is the only way they can get laid to take advantage of an incapacitated female? How would THEY handle waking up the morning after to realize that some of their peers had caught them in that state and violated them?

Imbecile judge- 'Do the crime but don't get caught'.  Judges should feel heavier legal punishment for indiscretions.....then we can improve the judiciary.

Okay, we have a community where the leadersdid their very best to bury this.  We have a community which still has more anger towards the girl for exposing their horrid nature than towards the boys for demonstrating their horrid nature.  The best you can come up with is to blame social media?  I'm ready to treat this place like Carthage and sow the ground with salt.  It's a horrible community.  Social media usage is the least of their issues.

I wish some people would focus on the crime and not on social media.  Asking people to be more careful what they post seems like strange advice for a sexual assault case.

#$%$!  Why are we cautioning people about what they post on social websites?!  How about "Don't drink till you're old enough"?   And if you must, how about "Don't take advantage of drunk people"?  How about simply "Do the right thing?  How about teaching our children right from wrong?  "What happens in basements and at drunken parties used to stay there," says Ric Simmons, professor at the Ohio State Moritz College of Law.  What the hell is this clown talking about?  "Duh, it's OK to rape that drunk girl as long as you don't post it on Facebook?  That kind of miscreant behaviour wasn't right then and it isn't right now.  Don't do it.  Period.  What a damned moron!

The victim's always get victimize twice. First from the monsters, second from the law that sentences these monsters.

"We need to teach them, for example, that consent is crucial at every step. And that if someone is drunk or unconscious, that person is unable to give consent."Really?!? They know the difference between right and wrong. Playing dumb just allows them to get away with it.

Is the judge saying "teach your kids not to get caught"?  It's making his job a lot easier (and cutting his hours too).They shouldn't have been convicted of anything.  Don't let your daughters go out with black guys or jocks and get drunk and this wouldn't happen.. She was what we commonly call a drunk #$%$.. it happens because they want it to happen.  That is what drunk #$%$s do.. typically though, they don't cry rape.. well these days they do.

The girl can now view the rape for the rest of her life and what do they get . they get to play football while in jail (let out to play) How fair is that.  I know they have to register as sex offenders

another shame is not putting the parents in with those 2 little "angels" too..

It sounds as if the judge was almost saying "if you commit a crime like raping an unconscious girl, don't post pictures, videos or comments on Facebook or Twitter".  No amount of cautioning these kids or parents will change a thing in Steubenville where the local TV station is, again, playing this message,  "It's 11 o'clock, do you know where your children are?".  Let's hope that the parents take the hint.

This is a wakeup call for the Parents to do proper Parenting, and THE GOVERNMENT along WITH GENERAL SOCIETY to get the heck out of personal family business. If these were my kids they would have gotten an a%% whipping for getting drunk and two I would have beat the #$%$ out of them for doing that and helped press charges for their actions. This is sad that parents do not get involved with their kids and teach them proper manners.

If it had been my daughter or grandaughter the penalty would have been much stiffer

I hope theyre locked up long enough to know what rape feels like.

One year is not a joke and these boys (no, they are not monsters) and their families will have a hard time dealing with their guilt and shame for a long time.  Sadly, so will the girl.  But is it better to lock them up for years in a prison, destroy their lives, and likely set them on a course for a ruined life ?  Isn't it in their and society's interest to have them learn, regret, teach, and become productive members of society?  Methinks I hear too many people calling for a pound of flesh.

Not only should they have been tried as adults after serving time in juvenile hall it should not be over for them if the victim is still suffering, meaning if she needs to seek psychological help in the future, they should work to pay for it as long as it's needed.

wait, this story says they only raped her with fingers? What was all the fuss about "no one sleeps through a wang in the butt"? FROM THE WITNESS... was that just an analogy? I'm not letting them off so easy. Why is this author?I put nothing online in my real name...which is Mean Old Sumbitch.

so the judge is saying don''t document the crimes we do.  sweet ...I'm heading to stuepedville

Only in america&lt; even the judges go out of their way to look like #$%$. Only in america.

Parents please watch your Kids ! That is the answer to the all of you ! Watch your Kids what the Hell kids age 16 doing STUPID things like drinking BEER ! The parents should go to JAIL ! !

I wonder if they ever watched the movie "Sleepers" with Kevin Bacon and Brad Pitt

if this happened in alabama, they would have stuck it in her ear

The Judge minimized the severity of the crime by addressing "media" &amp; not the accountability of the rapists-who CHOSE to rape this girl. BUT the Criminal Justice System is just that-Justice for the CRIMINAL. With the feeble sentence handed these malicious rapists-he is actually giving his "blessing" to repeat their crimes-but NOT to get caught. What about the VICTIM? Her terror is NOT over given the numberable threats she receives daily-it's like being raped again-it always is for any victim.

In my Days We Spun The Bottle !!! ?? &amp; Every Thing was Cool &amp; Dandy !!!!   ??? Only In America ??

I hope people don't think that this "scare" about social media responsibility will effect teenagers. At the age of these kids, laws, responsibility, and consequences are never in their minds. Society has gotten to the point (with technology plus social pressure) where teenagers can't handle being what they are - young bodies and maturing minds that are totally mixed up.

I think the judge was speaking out against the second crime judged at the trial, the illegal transmission of a nude photograph without a person's consent. He wanted teenagers, and all people for that matter, to know that careless sharing of such images online or by text is a serious crime.  I don't think judge actually meant, "boys, next time you rape hide the cameras."Kids should be educated not only how to program and operate computers, but also how to conduct yourself responsibly and safely on the internet. Oh, and most importantly that raping people is bad, really despicable, and not to be joked about.

I'm so glad I wasn't dumb enough to record me raping that drunk girl. I'll continue raping drunk chicks and will never get caught.

2 of 5 Rapists are in jail. 3 walked.

If these two animals were not football players they would have been tried in Adult criminal court for an adult crime and sentenced to adult time

the girls name is West Virginia

What they did was wrong........I do miss the "booze-fueled" parties though.

Message from Judge Thomas Lipps:Boys, boys, boys...had you not recorded this activity, we wouldn't all be here, let this be a lesson"

"What happens in basements and at drunken parties used to stay there," says Ric Simmons, there not condoning rape however, everyone lives has changed in this case for the worse, which could have been avoided. The local police and the families could have solved this mishap without the whole world getting involved. That the way used to be.

It takes a liberal mind set to understand the boys actions. I don't want to understand them, I just want to abolish them and their supporters.

The pictures were the proof of lack of conscious. That is still true. Scary to think that they will be out some day but all of their friends are still out there walking around your kids. Think about that.Has anyone questioned this factor,,has there been any indication from a physician or gynocologist stating that the young female was raped??? There has been no report of this,..,have you seen one ? There are a lot of factors..., the young girl passing out drunk,.., the alcohol for under aged drinking..and one other... who supplied the alcohol for the party that turned into a total nightmare !!! All that were their at attendance to witness this is TRULY RESPONSIBLE !!!

ban guns .. oh and ban social media too

I do have to add that it is common sense that if a female is awake and consents to sex, that it is something that drunk Teenage boys or punks will usually and naturally take advantage of.But in this case, it still wouldn't matter as they all treated it like a rape.It was all, Oh she cannot defend herself so lets have fun and take advantage.People.

At least the NY Times isn't making this a racial issue like the Duke Lacross team and that prostitute.But that will only last till they can find some white perps(rather there guilty or innocent) they will fry them in the court of public opinion just like always...

Why was this 16 yr old girl out getting drunk anyway, I do think that is underage. I am always amassed that the laws says a drunk girl isn't capable of 'condoning" sex, but the 16 yr old drunk boy can go can be charged with rape, even if the girl said yes. Same old double standard, girl wants to get drunk and flirt, girl goes to party and gets drunk and flirts, girl gets drunker and says yes to sex, girl wakes up next morning saying oh my god what did i do, boy wakes up in jail saying how did I get here.

The judge needs to go!   SARA not Gary

Geeez! It's a warning on how yiy use social media?  Not on how you use the helpless bodies of stupid people that trust you?

What is the saddest is that women who have really been raped would given their right arms to have this experience instead of what they went through. They knew they were being raped and they knew when. I have no pity for this girl and I hate rapists.

What else was a black teen to do with his ObamaPhone?

What a load of bull.  Suck wind judge.What else was a black teen to do with his ObamaPhone?

What a load of bull.  Suck wind judge.

Oh come on!  These guys didn't even rape her.  They got 2 knuckles deep in a girl passed out face down in puke.  Not to mention she willingly went to hang out with the "RAPE Crew".  Yes the well know RAPE CREW!

The perps in this story were totally ignorant morons...sorry ONLY  because they were caught. That poor girls cooter is sacred no more....its a public record for all of eternity.  Bummer for her, eh?

If Facebook got unplugged tomorrow millions would die, The primary reason FB changed to require you to use your real names is for law enforcement. All those smart phone  dumb chits are being tracked by the FBI.  No warrants, Bush administration upgraded the patriotact to include warrant less ease-dropping All smart phones sold today tract your movements If there is a crime the FBI  can  click a button and search all the cell phone GPS locations around it. Then pull up your Facebook accounts for your names Face Book is full of Hidden features for Law enforcement.  People are so ignorant and stupid It makes your phone smarter. The FBI says the tools are for terrorism. Got news Americans are the terrorists they are tracking All Facebook accounts have been added already to the FBI new data base along with you cell phone info Contacts and photos They should rename this Facebook to whine book The majority of people on it constantly whine its pathetic

they just did the stinky finger test and now the world is in an uproar. rape is intercourse i dont care what person decided that they wanted to make this case the same.

um, if you don't want to get raped DONT GET DRUNK. it's the girls fault.

Taping crimes is really dumb,surprised people so dumb are actually in college.The so-called victim wasn't exactly innocent of everything either I am sure.She should have never been at the parties to begin with,

The punishment should fit the crime and the boys should be forced to be publicly jacked off by the girl.

I love how the message here is to make sure you don't leave behind any evidence through social outlets because it will come back to bite you.And now the judge proves that he is also from Stupidville, Ohio with his remarks.

I think it is important to remember (as far as taking nude pictures and sending them on phones, websites etc.) that it is normal behavior for any teen with a cell phone. That being said, the responsibility lies with the parents providing the device to set limits and expectations and if they are wise, also discuss the law in terms of these things. Too bad most parents are more happy about the cell phone or device entertaining their teen for them than they are happy to take the time to be a responsible parent. (Yeah, this applies to me too).

The problems is social media doesn't red flag any of this behavior.

yes parents buy your kid the latest phone with the best camera and let them go to unsupervised party's where the alcohol flows freely,and maybe they will have their picture passed around school of how wasted they were,because they cant remember what happened

What gets me is that they keep saying high school football players. So what. What if they were in the drama club. Would they say two high school drama actors rape a girl. Hell no they wouldn't. Forget the football part and say two boy's raped a girl.

Stupidville ohio, arent these the jerkoffs that got obama elected. theres your sign. boo hoo baby boo boos.

And still no word on the consequences all these parents should be facing, including the victim's parents.

all women are dumb.. i wish my butt was big enough so i can lay a big loud fart in all their sexy faces

Perhaps it should be called anti-social media!

I think what they did was wrong but hardly the same as a violent rape. To me, the testing afterwards was as bad or worse . But you have to ask: would the same hard-time approach be used if two girls had pulled down a drunk guy's pants in a car and took a shot of them playing with his d*ck ? Of course not. They'd get a reprimand. Why is it that no one seems to treat men and women equally--which in my book is the real way to honor women--not to give them some sort of helpless victim-protected status but to treat guys/girls equally in every way.Right about now this lil' Floosy and her parents are inking a six figure deal with the LMN channel!

I don't think the Internet is done with Steubenville.Who supplied the alcohol? Will the girl be under Child Protective Services due to the mother's bad parenting?   Is the girl getting counseling?  What will happen to the coach/owner of the house where the party was? What will come out of the AG's investigation?

Drunk hoe gets fingered that should be your headline.....

Hope the girl learned her lesson also and more girls learned from this as well. Drinking parties are about sex, getting laid, and getting a girl willing. That's all there is to it so if she wants to go to a party and there will be alcohol or even suspected alcohol its about sex plain and simple. If you go as a young girl expect to be prepared to spread your legs as that's the point. Better to just not go.

If you lie down with dogs you get fleas. If a girl is really cleaving to a conservative course, then she does not get drunk or otherwise compromise herself. I think all the people involved must think these jocks are mentally #$%$. It can be made into sex crime, but that is not the truth. The truth is this is  just a part of growing up.

For lack of a cell phone, I got away with it in the 70's.

When I played football, we represented our school and town. This is not how athletes are supposed to act. If they think they are beyond the law then guess again!! The girl has to live with this the rest of her life. I think justice has been served.

I mentioned before I think the verdict was wrong. She has ruined the lives of two men. For what? Getting dead drunk at a hi testosterone party? Expecting to be treated like a princess and dropped off at her home so her parents can deal with her? Folks...watch a few Girls Gone Wild. The second day of spring break in one place Daytona: DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. (CBS/AP) In just one week, six rapes were reported in Daytona Beach. Not coincidentally, the week in question was the first week of spring break, when students flock to the city.Only one arrest has been made, but authorities are investigating to find suspects in the other rapes.In five of the cases, drug or alcohol use was a factor, police said. Three of the victims were unconscious when assaulted, according to the Orlando Sentinel.Daytona Police Chief Mike Chitwood told the Sentinel, "I can't tell you how many of these incidents aren't reported." He said the reasons women don't report the crimes are embarrassment and not wanting their family to find out.Four of the alleged rapes occurred behind a popular beachfront restaurant, one happened at a resort and spa, and one happened on the mainland.Last year there were 41 sexual assaults in Daytona Beach; rapes typically increase in March because of vacationers on spring break, said police.

I think the black guy was crying his eyes out cause he found out they don't serve fried chicken and watermelon on a daily basis in prison

Ohio-- home of the Obamaphone handout queen yardape Dr.Zira woman! Enough said!!False rape accusations and the following non-punishment is in the dark. Men are killed or beaten up often, by those that think the rape is real. Cases all the time. But buried.Until we are really fair about seeing men and women's lives as equally important, I don't listen.Hypocrisy is no teacher of truth. No punishment for bearing false witness?  True; but that is just a nuisance.Guys don't mater that much, is the message.  The lack of concern is deafening. It is never even mentioned as a problem.  Feminism has done it's damage, now we are spinning out of control under it's weight, and it's hate.

Thomas Lipps issued a cautionary note to children and parents, urging them to reconsider "how you record things on the social media so prevalent today."Or, you know... don't rape people.

That recording does not lie. They have raped this girl and it sickens me to my stomach that they seem to show some level of remorse for the crime while other's threaten her for something she didn't ask for. Yes, they are all minors and should not have had alcohol but nothing justifies what this girl has gone through. Are we so caught up in sports and protecting certain kids because of their contributions to sports that we as a society are willing to turn a blind eye on bad behavior? This case is proof amongst this generation of young people that we have more than just etiquette to worry about when it comes to social networking and it is frightening.

MY 38 year old daughter and her 35 year old sister inlaw have been fighting on something called tweeter and some thing called face book for over 5 years now so i was told . well the meet up in the CALIF HIGH DESTERT AND fought like ally cats ( dog i wish i could have seen that cat fight ) but the police put the 2 of them in jail . when my SON and MY SON inlaw both called me to bail them out I said NO let them cool of for the JUDGE ! now the whole family is #$%$ at me and now i said NO BIG DEAL .

It's about time someone was held accountable for a crime like this! This kind of activity has been going on for decades!!!!

instead of worrying about advising people about recording the crimes, advise them NOT TO COMMIT CRIMES

Yep and they didn't learn a damn thing.  Since then two relatives have been arrested for threatening the victim with death and other bodily injury. So you tell me if that town and it's people really got the judge's message. A lot of meaning went into those apologies, yea right , if you ask me it was all a show for leniency from the court.Since when is it OK for the coach of a High School to sponsor a party with Alcohol, and still have a job?Too many questions left unanswered and unasked

"...a reverberation that will last, frankly, the rest of her life."Baloney.By the time she's in college, this will all be a big joke to her.  It'll be something her classmates reminisce about during reunions.

2 teens rape a young lady. They get some juvey time, and will have their records clean when 21.  Welcome to America.

I only read the first sentence of this article and sounds like it's going to say "If you're going to do horrible things, don't tweet them." Am I right?that's ok hey BOYS what goes around comes around, REMEMBER THAT !!! jail is a cake walk.

they got just what they deserved

Bottom Line: No One Can Post Anonymously on Face Book or Twitter

Wrong Fing message to be sending: urging them to reconsider "how you record things on the social media so prevalent today."The message he SHOULD be sending, if someone is drunk, you do NOT take advantage of them.He is as bad as the rapist appologists.

Well if you had not posted pictures, it would have been she said , he said,so your own arrogance and stupidity convicted you .

What in the actual hell is wrong with these people? Everyone is making it seem like these degenerate low-life football rapists are the victims here. The coverage of this case is just baffling.

This judge is a moron.  Social media (as much as I dislike FB) is not the problem. It sickens me to read that many adults in this town (and interviewed on the news) say the same thing watch what you post wth?  Yes personal info is different than posting crime. What lowlife rapes a drunken, high  or any girl for that fact. Why do these kids think its ok? The parents obviously failed somewhere as well as the school and fans of the so called "team".Pathetic. Really pathetic................

I thought that rape was not a bout sex, but about power?

note from judge....  "i wouldnt have had to put you in Juvi had you not recorded your deeds on social media.".     it would have just been like16 year olds playing doctor..  got it!      i guess thats why very little of this was ever reported "pre-social media era"....Again,  i dont see much changing in the lives of these guys, they arent NFL material and except for the fact that they will have a juvenile history of a sexual offense, completion of their HS education while in custody will be mandatory and college is still attainable.   go figure

They committed a grown-up crime, they should be tried as grown-ups.Well, I'm sure that will not stop the recording of crimes and the posting of them on social media... Stupid does as stupid is.

Dear all criminals, stay away from social media, it’s the next DNA.  I’m Judge Thomas Lipps and I approve this message.

Why is everyone concerned with what gets on Facebook???? For God's sake the friggen RAPE was the important thing!

Now can they move forward in prosecuting the young creeps who viewed, filmed, posted, boasted and joked about the crime, all the while doing nothing to prevent it while in progress? The proof is there for the world to see.

Only in Ohio... where high school sports is the rage in their boring small towns, they still collect soda bottles and wife swapping is a prevalent past time.

Is that really the lesson? Don't record it and don't publish it? King Solomon he is not.

i think they got off too lightly1. i think the boys parents should be charged2. i think that the girl should be provided a therapist at the expense of the boys families3. the sentence should have been, when the girl is over this as per the therapist, they get released.

have to love the black kid.right to the end, DOES NOT GET IT.he is all upset that colleges won't want him now.THATS THE LEAST OF YOUR PROBLEMS PAL.Hopefully there is a boyfriend in your prison future.

If these boys hadn't had these phones they wouldn't have done this,we need phone control NOW!!! There needs to be stricter back ground checks,and lower capacity texts. No one needs that many texts.Ban assault phone now!!!

Two sources on the web say that there are 90,000 and 160,000 rapes in the US each years.  That means that 52,000 to 93,000 women has been raped in the US since this happened.  So why so much attention to this case???  Because it was in a small town, because they were football  players, because one was white, because it was recorded, because she wasn't forced??I like social media. Exposes a lot of trash in this world.

Dear dumb criminals: Please, by all means, record your exploits on social media.  It'll save a lot of time in court.

The most horrible thing is we look into the hearts of our children and see everything we are trying to protect them from.

Why haven't we heard from the parents yet? No appologies from their lack of involvements and guidance? Pathetic yet typical when you see what the kids did...

Who got her passout drunk???? Still not any answered!!!!

The "drunken girl" who cares if she was drunk? Had something like this ever been done to my daughter, I guarantee you none of them would have been convicted.. You cannot convict the dead and they would all be dead, no doubt about it

From now on, how will anyone call Thomas Lipps by "Your honor" and keep a straight face?

If you are committing a crime you probably should not be recording it.  Glad these guys went to jail.

The entire thing is tragic!!  Some people blame a teen for drinking too much, yeah, like that never happened to experienced grown adults or we wouldn't have a drinking and driving epidemic.  I'm in my 40s and this happened in my high school more often then I care to remember, as well as teachers making passes to students (I was very fortunate some of my friends were not).  This isn't anything new, we're just in the information on demand overload age.  Where the root is....golden rule whether you're Christian or not, treat everyone like you want to be treated.  We're raising, as well as many past generations, multitudes of entitled individuals.  It's not even about money anymore, we're all just super special....except we forget so are the others around us.

again today we have a story of teens going out and getting drunk... WHERE ARE THE STUPID PARENTS know where your kids are and who their with and you will probably know what they are doingThese are not upstanding young men, they took advantage of a drunk girl!  One could only imagine what these little monsters would have done in college.

Instead of warning them not to make their crimes public on social media, the judge should have said that they need to grow up and be real men and not disrespect women, or anyone for that matter, in the way that they did.

This girl's life is all but destroyed. Her life will never be the same. Everyone knows her and knows what happened. How can she recover? Only if she is extremely strong, and has a very strong and loving group around her can she move on.-Yet these boys will do a couple of years or less until they turn 18, their records will be sealed, and they will walk out free to do anything they want with no one knowing anything about how horrible they are.-Brought to you by the same state that gave us Obama.-Think about that, a state where high school students don't know that rape is wrong, or that having non-consensual sex is rape, and where the judge doesn't lecture them on rape, but on not being so stupid as to video and publish your crime.-Castration would have been a more fitting punishment. Everyday, they would face the horror of what they did. And every time they are seen by others, they will have to bear that shame.

The only positive thing coming out of this is that worthless people, like those two, found out that getting away free after such heinous acts is now a lot more difficult. The court should have sent them to regular court, since the are both over 16. I've read lots of article about those two and it wasn't until today that I found out Mays is the son of a coach. That explains a lot. I am glad that even thou they, at best will just spend some time in juvenile detention, their lives will be ruined because of the social media, they themselves chose to post in. It will be a long time before people forget what they did. I doubt too many employers are out there looking for notorious rapist. I also hope that the adults involved also get identified because the liquor had to have been purchased by adults and minors were not the owners of the two houses were all this took place. Those adults need to be held responsible. And minors or not, 16 year olds should have learn by now that what they did was a very serious crime. Any female who thought those two were justified in what they did, should take into account they could be next.

Hear Ye Hear Ye Hear Ye  ....... Judge Thomas Lipps Says --- now Boys , if your going to get drunk and do this , don't record it  ..... I'll have to give you 2 yrs in youth camp .......

Hang them both for ignorance and stupidity of being selfish #$%$ animals actually animals dont even deserve to be called this.

What is so hard for these cretins to understand.  If someone is drunk, and passed out you don't use them like a plastic blow up doll.  If someone is hit by a car, and laying knocked out on the side of the road do you go and hump on them like a Dog ?  These Kids were never taught respect for others, and reflected that in their behavior.  Then half the Town supported them because they played Football.  That Town is not a place I would want to live anywhere close to !   Shame.

If you aren't doing anything wrong, you can't get caught!!

Thank Anonymous &amp; media.Otherwise this kid would have been tormented to death in the presents of all involved.WE as society should be punished for turning our eye's from a child being raped.Dam us all. Hope their hearts take a hit for their souls turning away.

"Educators and counselors say they are saddened, though not totally shocked, that some of the teens were unaware of what constitutes a sex crime. Evan Westlake, who took the video of the rape, testified: "It wasn't violent. I didn't know exactly what rape was. I always pictured it was someone forcing themselves on someone.""Bull.They knew, and everyone who witnessed it or saw it on social media new.wait till these young punks get told to hike the ball in the pokey!  bubba is waiting

WOW these #$%$ raped a young girl and people act like well ti was only pushed because of social awareness! Yes because the system allows athletes to be rapists while it turns a blind eye. NOT ANYMORE!

dang judge good thing you didnt sit on the bench for the murder trial in ohio he may have got probation for wearing the KILLER shirt

Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr, etc. are all double-edged swrods alright, with both side being DEADLY.

Judging by this case we are now going to have to build a jail next to ever Pub, Club and Bar in America for the next time some Perv takes advantage of a drunken Floosy!

I am so glad we home school.

Why is she referred to as a "Drunken Girl" while they are referred to as High School Football Players?   It should read Convicted Rapist!  Our am I wrong?

While everyone is worried about the effect of social media on the public, on crime, why are we not castigating ourselves that our younger generation is growing up with such a callous disregard for others and that they are so ignorant of social mores or the wellbeing of others?

How did this man become a judge? I didn't know Ohio was Mississippi.

Basically it proves that the average criminal isn't smart enough to keep the mouth shut. Most incriminate themselves by talking about what they did. Social media was their outlet.Yeah kids! When you rape a girl or commit a violent crime don't upload it or record it, wear latex gloves,etc... LOL What an article to make the kids feel safe.

Young People,you've seen it,read about it,saw the results now please learn from this terrible mess.

Sad case of friends making false statements to save their own #$%$. The sad part is that the judge is still trying to bring charges against the tricks after they cooperated with the States Attorney. From what went on in the car anyone in their right mind would know those was the type of activities that young lady participated in. However, if they had only waited until she woke up no charges would have been filed. When she was doing what she was doing in the car according to one witness, this type of activity was not anything new to her. The only crime was she was passed out and not able to consent. They should have just waited until she woke up and had all the fun they wanted to.

I say they should sue everybody involved - coach, Sheriff, the prosecutor who recused herself, police department &amp; everyone else for this vile &amp; disgusting display of solidarity. Football means more than integrity &amp; basic morals??? Awful, simply awful. What is even more telling is the black kid said through his tears "nobody (colleges) is going to want me now." Sick.

What I find fascinating about this is that the rapists had friends protect them. Who would even want to be friends with a rapist?Even sadder is that a high school football coach might've done a  cover up for his rapist players. When did high school football become so important? I guess big money has worked it's way down into school sports programs.

It's NOT rape just because the girl is drunk!  Guys and girls, go to bars to drink and get laid! I don't agree with sexuall activity with a girl that's so drunk, she isn't even sexy at that point! But I wouldn't call that rape! I would call it SLOPPY SEX!

All they did was fingerbang this chick, it wasn't even a legit rape. Quit being such drama queens people.

Nice comment judge. Don't speak about the pathetic LOSERS who committed the crime. Speak about how they should have shut the heck up about it thereby making their convictions far less likely. So what he was saying is -do continue to rape women especially when they are drunk,just don't post the fact you did so. HOW WONDERFUL!! Go to hell judge.

You will never shut down social media. Because we get our informaion there. Television is under control, but you will not take away social media.

Oh and do not RAPE someone !!!!just think if there was no vid of this crime. The young lady did not know what happened. If she would have said she was raped and no video she would have went through hell.The trial would be still on going.

So if you're going to do some awful things, make sure you do them just don't take pictures or video them. All will be okay with that thinking. What the hell is this judge thinking?

Judge Thomas Lipps issued a cautionary note to children and parents, urging them to reconsider "how you record things on the social media so prevalent today."Judge Thomas Lipps may have Raped a Girl but he didn't Record and Paste it to Social Media, so he May have gotten away with it. Is THAT what the Judge is saying ?In other words from the Judge ,... RAPE RAPE RAPE...just....DON'T RECORD IT....wink, wink, wink.

Kids don't know what constitutes rape? That's a great defense. What are they teaching these kids in Health or Sex Education class then? What's shocking is that many kids witnessed this and no one intervened on behalf of the victim. People wake up and talk to your kids about rape, under age alcohol use, and all the other things that are out there before they end up in jail. Even after the jail time is over, these kids will be branded and registered as sex offenders forever. Too many parents turn a blind eye when their kids come home drunk as one of those teenage activities.

THEIR PARENTS  ARE HALF THE BLAME.