What a bunch of hyprocrites we have running this country. Supporting Islamist Terrorist is the way to go so they can kill more people.

so we are continuing to support the same exact insurgents we have been fighting and that have been killing our servicemen and women fo the last 10 years? anyone that supports this position needs to be tried for treason. i thought providing aid and comfort to the enemy was still a crime? and last time i checked theislamic extemists we are and were fighting in afganistan and iraq that are now in syria are still the enemy.

It's official:  I hate my government.

Does this mean that all the people who have been imprisoned in the US for sending funds to Al Qaeda since 9/11 will now be freed?

Some of those in the opposition are openly working for al qaeda as well. I don't want my tax dollars going there.

So what makes the Gov't think that this will turn out any different than Egypt?

It's hard to believe this.  The rebels use car bombs and kidnap UN forces.  What is going on here?

We now have the Obama Administration's approval to support Islamist Terrorists! Way to go Barak!

We need to go back and follow Washington's advice, stay out of foreign affairs. If the people there don't like it let them figure it out. We have our own set of problems we need to work on.

Gas and oil is the name of the game. We need to have an answer to who gets the goods?So the US recognizes the rebels as legitimate representative of the people without the benefit of an election or a de facto government despite a UN member gov't in place as of now, and at the same time ignoring the fact that Islamist foreign fighters compose a large  part of the rebel forces. Only shows Obama who is a lawyer ignores not only the US constitution but International Law as well.

What a huge mistake. They'll bite the hand that fed them, trust me.

Question: Does this exemption also cover the 10,000 Al Qaeda Syrian Opposition Forces (a.k.a. Al Nusrah Front)? Aid and comfort to our Enemy? Yikes that's not good policy folks.

Wow who would have thought just 11 and al half years after 9/11 the u..s government would authorize monies from american companies to be sent to them to further their agenda.

Why are we getting involved in this?  No matter which side wins the USA will lose.

This will surely bite us in the ### , but I guess the Big 0 still identifys with his muslim upbringing

the people calling these shots need to be put down.

Take away our 2 nd but give terrorist money to buy weapons??????? Great !!!!!!!!!

Why not, I am sure our government already has the CIA over there creating all sorts of problems. You are screwing our country up, get out of other peoples business. Get it right at home.

Cut the spending on foreign-aid FIRST!!!Wait....Al Qaeda are fighting WITH the opposition!!!  What the hell is Obama and his stupid followers doing??  This dude is destroying this country!

Just asking!  What would we, as a nation have to say about another country who helped anyone here in "Toppling President Obama, and his Administration".  Why is it okay to meddle in the affairs of another Soveriegn Nation, regardless of their leanings, if there is no imminent threat to our National Security?

So it's cool to support Al Queda now?

How about staying out of this civil war?  How about using those resources here at home?  Enough is enough!  Those things of God will ALWAYS pan out for the best and those things of man will ALWAYS lead to destruction lets see how well the Islamic faith works in this situation?  They keep saying they have the right stuff for their people lets see it in action then?!

Yeah, let's give Al Quiada more weapons/means to take over when it's finished and Bashar is defeated.  Of course our own troops have to pay the price for that via "sequestration cuts" by losing their Tuition Assistance???

Is there any outcry from the supposed opposition (the GOP)? Do we have opposition in the US any more?

Dont you people learn anything, that didnt work out so well in egypt when you give aid to those we dont know.

When did all common sense leave this planet?

Conspiring to overthrow the American government is considered Espinoge but the US government can do it other countries ...pathetic hypocrisy

It just hit me!Does US Government give its citizens green light to support know terrorists?Many forms still have questions like "Have you ever supported terrorists organizations?".I guess now, answering "YES" to such would not be such a big deal, right?Obama only wants us to support the GOOD al Qaeda.

They are more confused than I am!

DEMOCRATS = PARTY OF WAR AND RACISTS

"at last my war!!" Barak Hussein Obama

O opens the door for AQ to receive funds from Americans....?! This mans FP is fueling Mid-East turmoil and worse = Strengthening / spreading Islamic fundamentalists power &amp; control...annnnnd...O is encouraging Americans to help pay for it out their own pockets...?O = Face Palm.

if that isn't a back door to get the US involved in .Seems the Administration is looking for every possible way to get involved. And the outcome will never be good. Just look at Iraq, Afganistan, Egypt, Libya and Pakistan. Plus they  want to get involved in other countries in Africa?

i rather send my money to assad than al qaeda

US government "allows"? I thought we are free people. Oops, forgot - no travel to Cuba, no financial transactions - even innocent help - with a bunch of countries the imperial government in DC views as "unfriendly" or not "slavish" enough to its rule. WHat a pathetic hypocrisy!

I can't believe not one statesman in the house will stand up against this and impeach? It only takes one duly elected U.S. Representative with enough love of country and fortitude to stop this madness. Are all of you Afraid? If you will not stand up I will personally hold you complicit and never vote for you again. Everyone should feel this way but some of you will say... oh, there is a "greater good". There is no "Greater Good" Excuse for Treason.

Really? So Americans can now send money the same insurgents who were setting roadside bombs for our troops in Iraq?The problem is Romney would have done much worse than Obama on syrian conflict.

Allow supplies in to the people that hate us and they will use the supplies and weapons against us.  Typical logic for King Obama and Shotgun joe.  They just want to disarm us, thats why the homeland defense just bought 2billion rounds of amo for their new 7000 AR weapons and their 1700 armored attack weapons

Who cares? Not one american life is worth one of these camel humpers and no matter how much anyone helps these a z zz wipes, after it is all over, they will still hate our f'ing guts. No more money at all to these a z z z  clowns.

We complain that we are in debt and have to make our own cuts and don't have money to do things for our own country, yet we promote this, what is going on with our country???

How's it going in Egypt and Libya. Iraq. Afghanistan.

They were also temporarily removed from the terrorist groups' list.

Think about it, this administration wants gun control, control your AR15 out of your hands and into the hands of Al Quieda. Sad but true, also sad is I hate the GOP just as much. Gop wants every body to have personal freedoms, but if you smoke a harmless herb in your house you will go to prison in many GOP influenced states. You US tax payer showed your hand in the late 60's and early 70's. They know you will lay down. Now you have let the cat out of the bag and you are choking on your own vomit. Have a nice day.

So, in other words, it is now Ok to send money to Al Qaeda? They are among the opposition forces!

Giving the Muslim Brotherhood control in Egypt and Libya wasn't enough?

The 4 million Christians of Syria support Assad because Assad runs a pluralistic government that protects all minorities including the Christian population of Syria.  The anti-Christian Zionist cabal running our government has made yet another decisions against the Christians of the world.  They did it in Kosovo/Siberia, they did it in Iraq and destroyed one  of the oldest Christian communities in the world and now they are doing it in Syria.  Amazing how evil "our" government has become when being controlled by the cabal.Wait,,, Drone law.... to off any known association of known terrorist, be it a USA citizen????? Hmmmmmm Double edge sword... Damn if ya do and Damn if ya don't. but Gov. can say go. ROFLMAO

More proof that the US is a state sponsor of terrorism.

And just so I understand this correctly, I can now send money to rebel groups who are going to kidnap UN Peacekeepers?  gee, that makes a lot of sense!!

seems to be lasting longer then one would expect from a leader nobody in the media wants. So the gov. sides with terrorist. Russia might unleash a few pieces of candy. US is trying to say they are not involved. US is involved up to their neck. This time, not on the US side. Other parts of the world will be victors in this war. Forget Iran. Hot air coming from Washington. Could not fight their way out of a paper bag. Kill a lot of people. Never win.

USA supporting terrorists. Oh well...

This idiot we have as a president and his administration are playing with fire here, and if they keep this type of behavior up...someone is going to get burned and badly, too.

Obama: please help my al-Qaida!

Yeah.....there's nothin' wrong with those opposition forces. Just more Arab Spring in action....hahahahaha

Iran an Russia already broke the rules of engagement, Why not!?

Lybia is now a chithole.... Thanks DEMOCRATSIsrael's Nut-n'Yahoo is going to be very upset. He thinks that 100% of all American aid,welfare and charity should be given to Israel only. God Bless the US. America first not Israel first.

What happened? did the CIA run out of funds in starting Al Qaeda 2?

The current government is just to dumb to learn from the past, like Egypt, Libya, Iraq, etc.  They are not, nor will they ever, be our friends or even allies.  We just continue to fund our future enemies.  Butt out!

send in the drones

its ok to support the 'opposition' in Syria, but when the same folks were in Iraq or Afghanistan, you were tried for treason, lol at my govt, it's time for a complete overhaul of the clowns in DC, especially the revolving door between big banks and Treasury/Federal Reserve

#$%$?

Israel, oop's, U.S.  exempts Syria's opposition forces from sanctions.

This hints a desparation.  The insurgency is over. . . . .nothing more to see here.

Can we all agree now that the "war on terror" is complete and utter B.S.

So, if I were so inclined to support the Syrian rebellion (which I am not), I could make the check out "c/o Al Qaeda"?"... has sacrificed all legitimacy in its violent attempts to cling to power."I do wonder what will happen if and when "We the People" take our government back? Will BHO be clinging to power? Will BHO sacrifice all legitimacy for using violence against "We the People"?Yes I know that was just a silly statement but who is the rebel in Syria and why should the al-Assad government not try to "cling" to power. Why is the EU and the USA so set on having that government overthrown?

WoW !!!  No shame terrorists...

obvious hypocrisy by usa govt permitting support for terrorists they like but banning it for terrorists they don't.

We don't mind terrorism if it supports state policies.  In other words, we aren't that much different from any other country.

Why would we now allow citizens to send money in support of radical groups that support terrorism and the suppression of women and minorities.  As it's been made known that is what a good portion of these groups tryin to topple the Syrian govt. are about.  Our hypocrisy is so frustating as a U.S. citizen.

The Syrian "rebels" are foreign Al Queda terrorist, so if Americans send them money then wouldn't the be targets of drone strikes? You know, since Odumba said he can target Americans on American soil if they consort with Al Queda and all.

I have tried to learn the history of what's going on in Syria, but I have to admit I really don't know much about it, or even if the USA is doing the right thing by backing the rebels. We certainly have a very questionable track record on who we support! Most people commenting on Syrian stories seem to be fairly divided. I guess I'll stay quiet and try to learn.

WHAT we have here is a HYPOCRIT OBAMA who ONCE AGAIN is ARMING and CONTRIBUTING to the MU-SLIMES BRO HOOD take over of another COUNTRY.THE OBAMANATION  not olny FUNDING TERRORISTS but has also INVITED them on several occassions to OUR HOUSE---BUT this action is to be expected --OBAMA IS still a MU-SLIME himself---HE SAID---I Never Practiced Islam - NOT EXACTLY, you practiced it daily at school, where you were registered as a Muslim and kept that faith for 31 years, until your wife made you change, so you could run for office.HUMM not only a LIAR but a LIEING MU-SLIME to !!

On a related matter:The 2nd Amendment says:A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.How the writers wanted the people to understand it which they do:A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be hampered in any way nor shall the government attempt to make them unaffordable by anyone or by any means.How Obama et al want it to read:A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be.Pass it on because it's the truth and lies are already well on their way around the world.

Isn't America great... We aid you then #$%$ you... Welcome to AmericaI say do not support either side.  Wait until they kill each other, then deal with what is left.  Much easier that way.

what a bunch of bs  cut funds here and give to terrorist

What a joke. If you send money and/or aid to Al-Queda you would get arrested indefinitely and thrown in prison for life probably. But sending money to these terrorists, which by the way do NOT want a "democratic" country is all fine and dandy. The rebels have said a million times they want a strict Sharia law system/government.

Say what?

Obama allows the Syrian people to carry assault weapons but denies Americans. Yeah, Obama fears the PEOPLE! If a US civil war occurs in the next year or so, Democrats will be eliminated in large numbers.  The PEOPLE don't like baby killers and drug users.

Not only do we give WELFARE to all the terriost States in the Middle East, we are now supporting the CRIMINAL elements. Why don't we just ARM everybody in the Middle East and let them settle their  differences. The UNITED STATES cannot continue to dump dollars in this part of the world and ignore AMERICANS at home.

Isolationist posters:  Nobody under control of US policy is going to be sending money to terrorists, and if they do there are other laws to deal with them. But if we don't do this, then the winners in Syria will be Assad or the terrorists.  Are you really in favor of either outcome?

Our foreign policy is now akin to a dog chasing its tail. Americans are now allowed to send money to people who engage in suicide attacks, blow up universities, loot schools, behead people and sing praises to bin laden. What wretchedness.

Would you expect anything less from Hussein Obama.

This is not surprising, Carter and the succeeding presidents did the same thing before and look at a colossal mess they left. The 9/11 attack can testify this.Very great move by our government honestly .

Isn't there laws on the books , with stiff penalties,  about aiding and abetting a terrorist organization?

russia should start funding the opposition group in usarepublican

By Monday we'll have a no-fly zone and troops on the way right? Iraq 2.0?

It is just one of many examples in the new report detailing the growing number of human rights violations by the Western-backed Syrian rebels, including torture and arbitrary detentions. Free Syrian Army officials didn’t dispute the report.

The greatest enemy of Islam is FREEDOM. The greatest enemy of Christianity is FREEDOM. How many soldiers have died in Iraq for a war based on lies. For Oil. American Blood for Oil. Then again what do they term as "interests". Start uprisings and topple governments? For what? Puppet leaders. Do you think they care about one human life, be it American or any nationality. Then they call it defending your freedom. Every human being is born free. The government has enslaved all americans. Has any of these fools ever seen a warzone? Its easy to brainwash the feeble minded.

killing them in mali, iraq, afghanistan, pakistan, and yemen,..but amazingly supporting them in syria,..ok, whats the catch? another tunis and libya and egypt who are all now under strict sharia laws?? WHAT THE @@#$#

Policy  Failure at its best but it is not the first one and not the last one.It is sad that people of Syria are suffering because of geopolitical fight between US and Iran.Now to go back to France and UK - they have internal economical problems at home (recession, high unemployment) and in order to keep the heat off their backs, Holande and Cameron are trying hard to turn attention of their citizens to Syria.To all uneducated sheep here. Assad would never survive in Syria if he did not have support of majority of population. ##$%$ (including Alawites), Christians, many well off Sunnites support him. Rebels consist of poor paid dirt bags from inside and outside of country that have the main job - to kill.This, plainly said, civilization destruction is brought by US, UK and so on for geopolitical reasons. It has nothing to do with helping regular people - they are been slaughtered in the name of "democracy" brought to them by Western Powers. It is done in order to lock Iran and #$%$ government there.But the sheep here is fed with pro western news and see only what it is “SUPPOSED” to see.I hope Assad survives; the only way it can happen if Russia and China won't give up on him.

IN THIS CORNER, wearing the black turban and ankle length trunks, IRAN!And in THIS CORNER, wearing the white cowboy hat and the red, white, and blue trunks, The U.S.A....and getting the #$%$ pounded out of them... the people of Syria.NOW LETS GET READY TO RUMBLLLLLLE.......

USA at height its Glory acting stupidly .So know US citizens can legally send money to Al-Qaeda ?!! Do you see how fast it took our government to forget that 3000 Americans were killed on 9-11 ??!!

US  government =US Zionist  government=hypocrities

another interference with internal affair of another nationstop buy western ideologytwo party system bring no benefit to nation,only to aggressor like americafunding the opposition and arming them -get advantage from the crisis

i just wired money to president bashar al- assad

Rebels = Al Nusra Front = on the US terrorist list = money to the same group that is on the terror list???

Adopt a terrorist?  No thanks.

Awesome!  I guess Iraq, Libia, and Afghanistan are also democratic, inclusive and peaceful thanks to our humanitarian influences.

Sanctions are usually a stupid, ineffective, even self-defeating policy...arms embargos to troubled areas merely empower whoever already has arms... but waiving sanctions for one side, only, of a conflict in which OUR country is not yet a participant will immediately make us one.  Syria is not our country.  Its civil war is not our war.  We would be wiser staying out of it.

Every time we dance with the Devil it has come back to bite us.

the "Treasury Dept." is now making law. what do we need Congress for? Also USA interference in Syrian civil war is unconstitutional.  Are we under Constitutional law?So US citizens/business, government can legally arm ALQAEDA insurgents?? This current president is a joke.. This whole thing is a complete joke.. They are our ENEMIES

its the most disgusting hypocritical #$%$ i have ever seen. First off, whats the deal? we only fund certain terrorists? And can we ever mind our own phuckyn business?? just once!!!

I am amazed at the oppresive terroist muslim  brotherhood getting a free ride by the western govts. especially the U.S.

From soldiers who surrendered in battle to civilians perceived to be sympathetic to the Assad government, Syria’s various rebel factions take a lot of prisoners. Many of them don’t live very long, however.That’s because, as a new human rights report from Amnesty International is reporting, Syrian rebels regularly end up summarily executing their detainees, with some groups releasing videos of the executions after the fact to brag about them.

syrias opposition is still the enemy of the US

Now, why don't we arm groups like the FSA so Al-nussra doesn't get in charge of syria and turn it into iran i steroids!

we are going to level the playing field.  Iran and Russia are providing weapons,gasoline and training to Bashar al Assad and his alawites-

Yep forget the poor people that actually live in Syria, give money to the imported terrorists.  Our government is out of touch with reality.

Sanction has turned into a game of "I like you" and "I do not like you".What a shame that it has lost its true meaning of its application!!

lmaoConfirmed, US is a bigger terrorist

US is in a dilemma.  One is watching innocent people die, the other is to worry that terrorists would have their hands on the weapons after the conflict.

what about the syrian ambassador to the UN and his family? why is he not in the sanction list, and his children in USA schools/colleges/universities not expelled?what is going on? if you have money you can enter any education center in the USA?hit the syrian mafia thugs where it hurts most, in their pockets and in their families, just like the mafia styleha ha ha ho ho ho hee hee hee

220 Marines, 18 sailors and three soldiers killed in Beirut thanks to Assad's father and Hezbollah, not to mention Iran. Help Assad Jr and Ahmadinejad, no thanks. Help Al Qaeda, no thanks. Help the U.S. - now you're talking!

I don't know what to comment.  Just wow...

Support for Syrian People....LMAO, it's same BS line like Freedom to Irag.....Rebels are 90% terrorists from Al Qaeda....this is too much!!!!

Send more money to the brotherhood. Je......never mind.

"The United States is committed to supporting the Syrian people's aspirations for a Syrian-led political transition to a democratic, inclusive, and peaceful Syria," just like Bush said when he invaded Iraq, and look how Democratic Iraq is.

For the rich in the US how much can be sent to Assad and his wife.  They have 4 kids you know.

So much for Al Qaeda being on the terrorism list.First off you do not know the difference between rebels fighting to get rid of a dictator and rebels that have their own agenda. There is a rebel force that is fighting a civil war for freedom and then there is a rebel force fighting to gain control to impose the same type of dictatorship (Al Queda). This civil war is needed for the people of Syria. It is a false article  above when it states that the US is providing only humanitarian aid because not only did Obama set aside 64 million dollars for this humanitarian aid but he also set aside $25 million for military aid for the support of the opposition who are fighting against the President of Syria at this time. US is stating it is not providing lethal military weapons but they are providing guns and nonlethal weapons.

Aren't they holding UN Peace Keepers hostage?

What a load of #$%$.  What about the soverignty of Syria who are fighting Al-Qaeda, aka The Rebels?  I hope those Russian marines go in and kick the "rebels" back into the caves they crawled out of.

Any American who sends money supports TERRORISM!!!

F....K THE YIDDIES RUNNING USA Government, Sooner Or Later ...We Fellow Crackers Will Pay For isreal Mistakes.

theres  a difference that a lot of people don't realize..if you have an opinion on a government that you don't want to be in power, and next thing you know your family gets murdered, or tortured...what is it that your going to do?? or you going to stay there to suffer or you going to stand up and fight for the right to speak your mind or anything else?? that's what these people are doing they fighting against a government that's been in power for over a decade and before that over 3 decades from assad's father who's murdered thousands that oppose him being in rule...UNLIKE U.S.. we have the right to vote and WE can choose which president we want and they can only serve 2 terms...nobody should dictate and punish people for saying what they want to say...that's why there's a civil war and THATS why U.S and the majority of nations like UK and France etc. are helping...

70% of americans are sick and tired of our government.

We trained and funneled money to keep Iran's Sheik and his secret police in good shape-that played out well. We trained, funded and armed Mujaheddin-that ended up well. Now we train and arm FSA-gonna be just fine.

Does this Mean Manning will be set Free??

The lawyers should argue on that basis for Bradley Manning to be released. Be sure fake FSA agents will also receive aid &amp; they should give it to the syrian gov.Since the "opposition forces" are the same Sunni Al-Qaeda terrorists who the US government &amp; media said did 9/11, and the US just blocked a UN Resolution condemning the Sunni Al-Qaeda terrorist suicide bombing attacks that are murdering Syrian women &amp; children, the US is truly on the same side as suicide bombing Sunni Al-Qaeda terrorists who did 9/11 according to our government &amp; media, and have maimed &amp; murdered thousands of US troops in Afghanistan and Iraq. What a sick bizarro world the liberal orwellian nightmare really and truly is

Our government is so stupid. I would rather give to support Assad. Al Qeada is our enemy dumb donkeys(A@%$#%). How did we get such stupid people into our government?

Basically what this is now we can support terrorists in other countries.This war on terror is a hoax.

So al quedas were cool fighting the Soviets in the 80s, not cool on 9/11/2001, but now in Syria they are cool again? Do I have that right?

Why does Obama support terrorists?

Excellent move by our leaders to support the Syrian people against alawite's mafia regime

your sending noney to terrorists again any way you look at it look at north korea in 09 we could have a missle shield deployed in alaska and hawia and califbut you stopped it now we are in danger from n korea great going just like iran keep waiting till they nuke us here

People never learn. See what happened in Libya and what is now happening in Mali as a consequence.

This is the final straw. The United States has lost all creditability and has no regards to sovereignty or International Laws

Lets face basic facts...Muslims like killing eachother.getting a little desperate there obomba??? lol

This is going to escalate into something a lot more serious. All the signs are there.

The US "has ruled out sending arms for fear they may find their way to Islamist hardliners who might then use them against Western targets". Why are thet supporting these rebel/terrorists in the first place? How did they get their information that the Syrian people do not want Assad. From what I,ve seen in Syria and now only hear Syrian friends the people are with Assad and want the rebels out. I think this is a decision for the Syrian people, not for the west to decide. If Assad is ousted there will be major problems for a long time in Syria.

I'm not sending no money to the 9/11 attackers.

Under Obama the United States of America has taken sides in another nations civil war, does Libya come to mind?

LOL.  Is anyone actually subject to the endless list of sanctions you have running OWE-Blamer?

Even though they are the same Sunni Al-CIAda terrrosits who we were told did 9/11 and are ethnically cleansing bombing and murdering Syrian Christians &amp; other women, children, and senior citizens?

Im beginning to hate America as much as the rest of the world, thanks uncle Sam!

So the rebels who are terrorist just kidnapped 20 UN peace soldiers that are keeping the peace between Israel and Syria for over 40 years and Obama admin just reworded the terrorist  Imagine if Assad had arrested the UN peace keepers the Obama admin will be calling and demanding Assad's head.  The war on terrorism is false.

There is a big difference btween the Syrian people and Alqaeeda, they only want to make sure that the aid goes the the moderate oppostion and not to extrimist who have thier own suppy root anyway!