Seriously, stop complaining people. We are the cause of these problems. Stop buying your CHILD a I phone. Stop/block access to FB or what ever. Stop giving in to CHILDREN every time they fart loudly. Or.....Suffer the consequences when all this goes wrong. ACT LIKE A F'ING PARENT....You are in charge.  A 9 yo does not need a IPAD/IPHONE or what ever. You control access to wi fi and the internet in YOUR HOME.

often i find myself thinking that i'm glad i was a teenager in the 1980s, and not now.  i probably would be majorly lost if i were a teen now.

I remember when i had  to walked for blocks looking for pay phones to call my girlfriends.

Sorry, but I monitor my kids why? Because I love them. And it's not really so much my kids I'm too worried about since they are good kids, but it's some other idiot out there I worry about most.

A picture of anyone  under 18 years old is kiddy porn and make sure your kids realize it.  Before your kid is on the sex offender list for life

Invading your kid's privacy? Please! Anything they put on the internet is your business. You kid doesn't have privacy until they are old enough to be trusted. You are the parent, yet you treat your kids like they make the decisions. After all, who's the one wasting the money to Sally can keep up with the Joneses? If you're not going to take responsibility for your child's behavior while on the internet, then don't be surprised when they post something inappropriate."Several consumer advocates actually recommend exposing their kids to social media sites earlier than age 12, when they're more receptive to hearing lessons about online etiquette and safety." Not in my house! I will let them when I feel they are responsible enough to handle it properly, if at all. This social media frenzy is way out of hand.If you are goign to be stupid enough to buy your kid a smartphone, which they don't need, or their own computer, then monitor their activities. Too bad accountability is so 2009!

Kids are NOT supposed to have Facebook, in my humble opinion.

It's not that hard. Parenting isn't something you do when you have time and it's more than just what you know. It's a 24/7 job you signed up for so if you aren't willing to make that kind of commitment then don't make that kind of decision. In the 60's kids were out trying acid, pot or other drugs and parents never heard about stuff like bath salts or crank. Did that give a pass to the generation that had to deal with those drugs? In the 1920's there was no Playboy or other magazines like it but when they came out parents needed to know what they were. It's part of your responsibility as a parent to know what your child is doing and how they are being influenced. My sister once asked me to download some songs for her son and I did but I listened to them before I gave them to her. I then informed her of exactly what was in the songs and she agreed that he was too young to listen to those types of lyrics. Just because you hear a mild version of a song played on the radio that has a nice beat doesn't mean that every song that person makes is so nice. Open your eyes and pay attention. The worst thing a parent can say is that anything their child does is unexpected because it usually means they have not been paying attention. Your child wants their freedom and their space just like you did but giving them those things does not mean you get to feign ignorance to what they are doing. Instead it means knowing what they are doing and picking your battles. Bite your tongue on most things and be thankful that you know wat they are doing rather than having constant confrontations with them.

Here's a clue.Dont give your children cell phones, kindles, ipods, ipads, or any wireless device where they can sneak off and do whatever they want.I'm sick to death of hearing parents whine about not being able to control their over-indulged children!Have one computer in the family room where it can be monitored at all times. And for god's sake get those children outside and off the electronics!

Parents should always monitor their children in all that they do. You are to be a PARENT, not your child's BEST FRIEND! Screwed up society and world!"The number of popular social media sites available on kids' mobile devices has exploded in recent years."So dont let your kids have devices which allow them access.

I think my wife superglued her phone to her hand.

NOTHING is free or gone in ten seconds. Once it is out there it is for someone else to use including your employer or worse. There is NO MORE being innocent. Most kids know all to well they are flirting with DISASTER, they just feel they won't get caught. Parents can not work, support a family AND watch there childrens every move. It will take a major DISASTER like Steubenville to educate everyone that social networking has some serious consequences.and bystanders no longer can say, "Gee, I didn't know!"

You can get a phone with an internet restriction....

So tell me how this has anything other than entertainment value? This is why our children are becoming fat and stupid. Go out and play!

I will never understand why a teenager needs a smart phone. I do agree that they need a talk only phone for safety/other reasons.

Take the smart phones away and put a key-logger on your home computers... unless you have no regard for your children.

How about waiting until your kids are  a reasonable age. Getting your 8 year old an iphone is not the best parenting decision.

There is a simple solution here -- no smartphones for kids.  You don't have to be "tech-savy".  All you have to do is keep your kids off the internet.  All that really takes is banning "smart" devices in your home and installing Rimon or a similar filter on the desktop computers.  That, and no unchaperoned mixing of the genders before marriage, period.  Done, problem solved.Of course, if you want to keep up a perverted, "mainstream" lifestyle, this approach is not for you.  So don't be surprised when you find your 11-year-old sexting with her 13-year-old boyfriend.

and tell them to pull their pants upWhen will we learn that all of this is just fluff! It wastes time without actually helping anyone other than advertisers. What happened to parenting instead of baby sitting with a freakin iPhone. You all wonder why we have so many social problems? Ask yourselves.We waste more time on entertainment than anything else. Education, both mental and physical are at an all time low as the obesity problem suggests. And why....because we are sitting on a freakin computer or couch in front of a monitor. I'm no better than anyone else. I recognize how easy it is to amuse myself instantly BUT I do physical activity and read actual books as well.

Farcebook is just that...People gossiping on themselves...

Tweet This!I refuse to log on to Facebook!**- Nowadays, I’m always trying to keep the grandkids safe. I was checking these websites that all the kids like nowadays – Facebook, Twitter, whatever. I landed on one that said: Find your friends who are searching for you – so I typed in Buster.- The results were:IRS, Senate Foreign Relations Committee, FARC guerrillas, Vladimir Putin ?*Yikes!I gotta go – Stay Off Of Those Websites.

I was listening to a guy brag to a friend about how much his 9-year old son loved the iPhone he got for his birthday.  Are you kidding me.  This is what's wrong with today's children, and this is what's wrong with America.  The behavior of a child, positive or negative, is a reflection of their parents.

"She counts nine wireless devices in her home and has taken to shutting off her home'sWi-Fi after 9 p.m., but she describes her attempt to keep tabs on her kids' online activity "a war I'm slowly losing every day."       Slowly losing the war?  I just take the cell phone and Ipad out of the room and put it in my room when they go to bed.   No war that way.

If its your kid under 21, YOU are not invading their privacy, you are the PARENT!

Here's what I hope will be "so 2014"--taking their phones and computers away.

Experts say it's time to talk frankly to kids...Its always been time.  Since man first picked up charcoal and berry pigments, since man first procreated and started life, parents have and will always be #1 in creating order and instilling knowledge in their kids.  Doesnt matter if its year 20000 BC or year 5000 AD, kids are a parents responsibility and instilling morals and values in your kids early means no matter what technology comes, the kids will make the right choices (well, at least as right as they can).

Kids don't need toys, they need parenting!

What's Facebook?  Does anyone use it?"Facebook, it doesn't mean you know what they're doing."  It does when you have their password and check their page a few times a day.

I remember having a pager, and having to stop and put a quarter in the payphone every time it went off.

My daughter got her facebook and computer time taken away.  Last week she asked me if she could use the computer to do homework.  I agreed.  Later that night, I checked the browser history and found that she'd reinstated her facebook account.  Now she's lost both even longer.  My point: trust but verify.

Don't let your kids have a facebook account. It will only create drama for you and them. My teenager is 16 and doesn't even want one, thank goodness! I had one, and deactivated it since many adults are drama addicted too.

I find it weird and funny that most kids have iphones and other smartphones while all I could afford is a dumbphone. I have a good job but can't justify paying $100 a month for a smartphone data plan. I keep wondering how high school kids can afford them and then read on the news how they get into trouble. Stupid parents produce kids that are burden to society.

RANT ALERT : With the advent of the internet, mental health professionals repeatedly warned parents to monitor their childrens online activity. Seemed like a good idea at the time considering how much garbage was already available early on in the game. Then we turned an ugly corner where instead of PC's being placed in a common family area ( where childrens online activity could be monitored ) alot of parents instead decided it would be a great idea to allow " CHILDREN " to have a PC in their own bedroom. Why ? Firstly, ( in a whining kids voice ) " Why can't I have a PC in my bedroom, because you don't trust me ? " Secondly, ( adult to another adult ) Hey, you know what ? That might not be such a bad idea. That way we can get the kids out of our common area so we can watch TV in peace instead of having to deal with THEM. " Enter the problem. It's no different than parents placing 3 &amp; 4 year olds in front of a television and bombarding them with Dora The Explorer on DVD for 6 hours at a time just so they can " keep them out of their hair ". Electronic babysitters. Bad parenting at it's finest.Enter " Anti~Social Media " : Now enters the more modern plague on childrens unmonitored online activity known as Social Media ( Facebook, Twitter, Skype, etc. ). We've seen suicides, bullying, rumor mongering, etc., in the news time and again concerning " CHILDREN " where the fault ( truth be told ) falls on parents with bad parenting skills because they don't monitor their kids online activity because they really don't want to spend time with them. Pretty much a no brainer there and sad at the same time.My New Beef " Smartphones " : Why in the hell would a parent buy a " CHILD " a Smartphone with online capability when it's already been shown that children whose online activity isn't monitored can potentially create problems ? Answer ?? " Why can't I have a PC in my bedroom, because you don't trust me ? "End Rant ...

Parents, grow some balls!

Sorry, but I'm not going to have my ten year olds doing a live blog on the internet for every predator to see.

My kids aren't, in the slightest, interested in Facebook...They would rather have their friends come over, in person!!!

Reading this makes me feel better about being old   My kids now have to face some of the trouble that they put us through. . Wow, and all I had to put up with was speeding tickets in my car and "Metal" Music (or what ever that racket was) Nothing like turning the ignition key and having some godawful racket hit you at db level approaching that of an F-17 taking off.Typical Liberal cop out for having to be responsible for their kids and having to do the job of parenting. Wonder why we have so many problems? Sorry, but this #$%$ of "kids will be kids" is o.k. to a point and then you had better "cut them off at the pass". So many people lately have had a gazillion excuses why their kids end up dead?? It's not just excuses, it is their total lack of pride/respect/responsibility. All kids hate their parents at one point or another. My oldest son one time said "I hate you Mommy"--my answer, you know, I love you, but right now I don't particularly like you". And, then I put him in his bed (without a TV/cellphone, computer, or any other stupid electronic gadget that is one of the biggest problems we have in our society today). Can't say he never screwed up again. But, all in all, he's turned out o.k. Doesn't do drugs and has never been arrested. Given today's "gauge on society" that's pretty good in my book.

Oh, I see. That's so 2009. Now, that may be just why there is so much bad stuff happening on social websites like Facebook. You had darn well better monitor it!

What a ridiculous article. If the Ohio rape kids had been monitored  by their parents in the first place, posting obscene videos on YouTube would not have become a criminal issue that destroyed their lives.

You can get the best monitoring software that money can buy, but how are you going to convince the kid to install it for you? A lot of parents know less about computers than their children.

Facebook? Try your "Smart Phones" with their nudy pictures on them, sending them to whoever they want to. Funny, Huh? If they do send your (parents) nudy pictures our way, please have them send your contact information, so, we can report it to the proper authorities. Thank You!

Kids do not need smartphones. they get one when they can afford it themselves, say after they get out and go to work! Spoiled brats and their selfish sperm and egg donors who don't want to parent.

In today's world, parents MUST monitor their kid's in whatever they do. We have created a monster criminal filled society, where the criminals have all the rights.

To much information about each other will eventually bite us in the end.

Can we just get rid of Facebook once and for all?

I'm gonna get a smart phone when the app is developed that will do something useful like wash my truck, clean the kitchen, take out the trash, mow the lawn etc.Unplugged with your kiddies, just walk into their room, or just take the toy away, show them WHO is in charge for once...get lip, smak em.

Social media is the devils playground, it is after all part of media.

Next time you are on a bus, train, or in a crowd, see how many are addicted to their own toys, and barely look up...just do that for a day and NOTICE.

Social networking is actually antisocial. No actual interaction occurs other than with a keyboard.

I'Mwondering if we can stop what we set in motion? I live with out a cell phone I enjoy not having to answer anything when I'm on the golf course..

parents don't have a clue what their kids do.....on line or anywhere else just as long as they aren't bothering them!  this generation of kids can easily be called the "lost" generation because they are

Stand together as an united front and never let them see you sweat.  If they think they can divide you - you can bet they will take every advantage of it.

PARENTS: Please advise your teen age children NOT to send out their nudy pictures, to me, my friends, and my friends son's and daughters. We don't want them, or, need them. If they do, please convey this message to law enforcement officials, thanks.

Advantage: kids.They have the time and the connections to stay ahead of the curve. And the savvy to outsmart only the most diligent parent. New technology driven by advertising and marketing feeds this market the way e-cigarettes reach their parents.Sure you can say no to a 12 year old, but once you turn your back, is your kid going to listen to you or his/her friends. It was a different age but I'm sure some parents wish that sneaking a smoke behind the garage was still their worst fear.

FBsucksFacebook. At it again trying to disrupt parenting like the kids can be monitored via facebook much like how parents would let the kids stick their faces into t.v. sets for hours upon hours like, again, parents can not worry about tending their own kids. Maybe the farmville animals will teach the some clever social things that bears no relation to reality while mom and pop go to a party or a movie. Gee whiz, what zuckerman will do to get that empty facebook worth billion and billions and billions of dollars on just 'slap up an new cartoon to dazzle the kiddies.

It all begins at home. These kids are just plane spoiled give, give,give instead of being a parent by helping, advising your children. I was out of town this weekend. At a motel where their was a team of young girl volleyball players.Their was atleast 8 girls in the lobby very noisy all those young kids were on their phones texting and caring on. The girls ages had to be about 10 or 11years old. No respect to the parrents when asked to do something.They ignored the parents, like they weren't even their.

When parents stop being best friends and take control of their children, a lot of this stupidity will stop.  Technology has turned into a dangerous play toy instead of it's original intentions.  The rights they have are given by the parents, not the other way around.  If you give them a privilege and it is abused, it is no longer a privilege and should be taken away.  Cell phones, computers, etc, didn't exist when both my children and myself grew up and we all survived without them.  A corded phone was a luxury that I often banned from my children for abusing it and they survived.  What they do now as adults is their business and seem to have carried the values I instilled in them as children.  If they don't that's on them not me.

Im waiten for technology to cetchup and come out with a rotary dial cellphone.  I mite git one of them.

My children will continue to be monitored on all their devices until they are 18 years old.There is more to just knowing what your kids are up to. Teach them about the dangers.Warn them, tell them the truth.  Teach them self-worth and about respecting others.Recently one of my Daughter's friends gave out her name and address to a website.I was really very unhappy to learn that that action culminated in an unexpected visit by three people.  Fortunately they turned out to be Mormons on mission but the alternative could have been deadly.All children are vulnerable even those over 13 years old.Any law that is geared to protect kids needs to be extended to include children under 18 years.

Facebook is "Big Brother"!   No one should be on Facebook.

I'm a teacher, and I have seen kindergarten and first grade kids with smartphones. And they lose them and break them, and then the stupid parents replace them Unbelievable!

We monitored our kids and survived no serious drama due to our discussions about the dangers and pitfalls with social media. Fortunately, it seems kids grow out of it and do not use it as often and use it more responsibly.

your going to have these problems on the internet with or without facebook, or youtube

just don't them be on facebook with all the drama would be betterI totally disapprove of the way kids are using Facebook, twitter and texting these days.  It isreplacing face to face conversation and resulting in kids texting each other all day - includingwhen they're in school - and all night, often when parents are sleeping.  Kids should be givena phone only cell phone without all the bells and whistles.  It's for their safety period, and notfor communicating without talking.  Kids are becoming "boyfriends" and "girlfriends" via texting without ever really getting to know each other in person.

This generation is actually deprived because of social networks, video games, and too much access to cell phones/computers. Many young people rarely go outside opting to stay in on the computer. They are really wasting the best years of their lives.

This is a difficult issue.  My daughter's 5th grade class is having major issues because of Facebook teasing.  In "olden" days, if someone gossiped about you, the rumor dissipated within a few days...now it's there forever, and continually causing problems.  My daughter and her best friends are not involved in this but are affected because the morale of the whole class has just crashed.  BTW, technology isn't the issue...my daughter has a smart phone because she walks home by herself.  We got her a used smart-phone for under $50, and spend only $100/yr on phone service by Kitty Wireless...but then again, she's only using about 30 mins per month.  Mostly she uses it for Temple Run, and calling to get picked up when her activities are over.

as a OLD SCHOOL INNER CITY LA CALIF GUY , my generation X GROWN CHILDREN knows when the BOOK ME ( 2 months notice required ) 4 a weeken baby sitting job , their CHUCKIES are not alloud to bring no GAME BOYS and NO CELLS in MY HOME . And the CHUCKIES can only watch NON BLOCKED TV STATIONS ALSO IN MY HOME . THE MOUSE CHANNEL and NICALOADEN and CARTOONS of all types ( BIBLE TYPE ) only . and only 2 of my children out of 6 love my rules in my home .

Nobody seems to want to belong or connect to others in person anymore yet they revealso much personal stuff to people they know nothing about.  I don't get it.

Why do you let your kids have access to the computer for anything other than homework, why do you buy them and Iphone or other wireless device? We have four children 5-14 and they don't have these devices and never will. We have a spare cell phone with no data that is used if needed. You don't have to just let your kids go down the toilet morally and socially unless you are a coward parent who is afraid at doing what is best for your child. Lazy parents let their kids do what they want, and make no mistake most are that way, but why sacrifice your kids????? Because the other kids have smart phones? Hold on to that logic as you sit in the ER, delivery waiting room, police station or filing your missing child report........WHY DO SO MANY JUST THROW AWAY THEIR CHILDRENS FUTURE AND HAPPINESS??????

Gone are the days, when a virus meant your sick. Now the virus is Your  addiction.

Tons of apps, yet teens can't read, nor write a complete sentence, technology has surpassed common sense.Unplug for one day, you dont need an app to take a walk, or talk live to your neighbor, or clean up the emtpy lot.

If you have to give your child a cell phone, make it a dumb phone w/o text.  They talk just fine.

OMG kids dont want to use what mommy and daddy used.  Thats so unbelievable.. I could have sworn AOL showed that kids will use their parents social media.. !!!. ( not just the industry pushed instagram theres other things Tumblr or however its spelled. reddit etc. ) As soon as facebook users have enough kids old enough.. it too will go away as an old fashioned outdated social media site made fun of as being out of date in tv shows.I agree with just about everyone here.  Parents, you think your kids don't do 'that'?  Guess again.  Believe me, if you want your child to know you love them be strict and be consistent. For God's sake, never argue between yourselves about the kids in front of the kids. Get a plain cell phone for emergencies only.  The only thing the internet is to be used for is research for school.  Get to know all of their friends and their parents.  And when they back talk, slap them in the mouth.  It will only take one or two times before they get the message.  I can't stand the way some children talk to their parents.  There is no respect.  (I was spanked rarely, but I was scared to death to find out just how much my parents could punish me if I really screwed up.)  Parents, they are yours until they are 18.  If they say they will report you to CPS, tell them to go ahead.  Let them spend one night in 'the system', they will straighten out right away.  I am not abdicating child abuse, but "spare the rod and spoil the child" has always been true.  Take a look at people in their 20's and 30's now.  Spoiled rotten, worthless and, lazy generation.

Does anyone really think that this is going to stop all the kids meeting via cyber space with dangerous people? Thank god my kidsare grown, and i am never going to go on face book!!!

Worried about invading your kids privacy? It's called PARENTING, get over it!

I have a keylogger on my computer, phones are checked regularly and when my daughter says she's spending the night at a friends house her friends parents get a phone call. I'm sorry but I was a teenager once and my parents should have watched me more. I trust my kid I just don't trust my kids friends.

It takes me forever to send a text message on my rotary dial phone.

All this technology, when used by kids, just smells of tools for predators.  They're out there, and they're crafty, and it only takes one child to be fooled.  Better hope that child isn't yours.I'd rather my child be p!ssed at me for "invading privacy" or not having the latest technology than be a victim of a predator and having to go to the morgue to indentify a body.Rather harsh, you say?  Maybe so, but it does and has happened.  And how pointless it all is.

Kids today have got to realize that when they hit SEND , their comments do not belong to them anymore. They belong to the whole world. And they stay out there in cyberspace. And when these kids apply to college or jobs, their inappropriate pics and comments on various websites may end up ruining their chances, their reputation, etc.

Why do people post nude photos of themselves online anyway?? Can't you just admire yourself in the mirror before you take a shower??

Anyone who uploads nude photos of themselves is someone who wants everyone to see them.

It is a different world! :(Facebook is so 2009.

zzzzzzzzzzzzz... slow news day. wake me when something interesting happens

You and your children shouldn't have a Face *C*R*O*O*K*

After finding out that my 11 year old at the time daughter had a Facebook account that my sister in law helped her create, with which she was using to chat with creepy older men without our knowledge, we decided to work with her to understand the dangers of modern social technology and exactly what can happen when information gets out.  We talked many times, found many more examples online about what can happen if you aren't careful, and even got some unintentional help from a friend of hers that accidentally sent a picture to everyone in her contact list that probably wasn't meant for that many eyes (nothing graphic, just highly embarrassing).She'll turn 13 next Saturday, and ever since then the only times we hear her mention Facebook or Instagram or any other social media, it is always accompanied by "You won't believe what so-and-so just posted to..."  She has an iPad that she got for Christmas last year, and the only thing she does with it is play games, draw, and occasionally text her best friend from school and her cousin.  She doesn't try to hide anything she does, because she has nothing to hide.Long story short, take time to teach your kids something so they don't grow up to be idiots.  It's amazing what a little bit of parenting will do.

The two Ohio teens convicted for rape posted pics, comments, etc. about the rape..and that also helped convict them.

Kids should be out playing, not staring at some stupid device.  Junk the devices and life will go on and probably be better.

Well, as a world class insomniac, I am online late at night a lot. I go to Yahoo Answers and am always amazed at the large amount of kids online when Mommy and Daddy think they are asleep. The horrible spelling, grammar and attitudes re-enforce my belief that kids should not have computers in their rooms, own Iphones or what ever. In my house, our computer was in the family room where the kids could only go online supervised and for a limited amout of time. My wife and I were the only ones that knew the password to log on as well. Our kids in the USA aren't even close to being the best in academics world wide. They need to get off the net, stop worshipping celebrities and hit the books. Enough ranting by me, thanks.

The unibomber was right. His manifesto predicted all of this. Personally I don't care I'm just enjoying the show as America continues to circle the drain. Best reality show ever.

Don't want to spend some bucks figuring how to see what your kids is up to in todays social media? Whatt's the worse that could happen? A trial in Ohio, where a whole bunch of parents just found out how stupid teenagers can get, could serve as some warning.

Take the phones away, buy them a bat and ball and show them where the nearest empty field is......Just why does a child with no job, education or working experience need any of these electronic idiot devices?  You want a phone?  Get a job.

Kids continue to find new ways to do things behind their parents back? Shocking.

Parents pay attention to your kids or they will end up like Lindsay Lohan.

you are the parent. your kids do not have privacy at home. if they want privacy, they can get a job and move out

or how about be a parent instead of being a child's friend. if your kid does not want to do something, get rid of the tablet.

I saw a 10 yrs old kid at the mall with smart phone and on the fakebook, I just wanted to meet the dumb parents for a photo tagging.

Lot of kids drifted over to: Keek. much better over there.

I didn't read but a screen's worth of comments and certainly do not agree with kids having all this technology at an early age or as a child period. But the real scary part is ALL this wi-fi driven technology is giving off emf's which causes nothing but bad things to your body. The stats now as far as youth and cell phones, cancerous tumors in less that 10 years of constant usage. I use my cell phone occasionally and I can feel the heaviness in my head after a few minutes and I'm an adult. Think what is happening to the under developed brain of a child. There are well over 100,000 phone towers in this country that are pumping out these frequencies that are detrimental to us, but so few even know or care.

we need to be monitoring what our kids are being taught in the public schools

Monitor your kid period matters if they like it or not. Let alone on Facebook or any other social network. I'm the parent, monitor them on any type of device . I control whats going on in my home outside my home. I control whats going on with my kid and the devices I pay for. No one has to tell me its common sense you have to monitor them.This is what I let my kids know. What you do in the dark will comes to light. What you try to hide I will always find it. If you try to lie I will know. Anything you can do, I can do 20x's better and I know how to make it hurt. My kid don't have anything I can't monitor I'm on it. I will not have them disgracing themselves nor me on national news or such. I teach them well. And I have the rules in place and I enforce them. Kids out smarting the parent "NONSENSE"... Better get a tight grip on their necks.fb is such a waste of space, ban it.

Do people really  not know how to control their kids...stop being their friend be a parent.

Make the kid go out and play - Outside for gosh sakes

My kids have NO privacy as far as social media/ipods/phones/computers go, we have their passwords &amp; do random checks just so they know who is in charge &amp; hold them accountable for all actions.

We home schooled both children until 11th grade.We took them on alot of trips at a young age to places where they had no TV, Phones, cell signal etc.Now as young adults they feel as though it was the best time of their lives.Teach children to be responcible or there will be consequences.Monitor everything they do. Internet, Phone and put GPS in the car.YOU GET ONE CHANCE TO RAISE YOUR CHILD, MISTAKES CAN BE VERY UNFORGIVING

I feel sorry for all parents and future parents. I'm glad I raised my daughter before it got this bad! Whew! It has to be extremely difficult now!

The photo you post, might injuree you the most....whats on cyberspace, is the world to view..keep your privacy private!

These new apps are great because they make it easier to hook up with younger women!

It seems like it is a different world - full of new dangers and risks and opportunities to merely  make a fool of yourself or to commit a crime you didn't even stop to think was a crime - every single day.  "Be careful out there."

Has anyone ever heard of boundaries? Children need them.Where did Wendy learn the fabulous grammar?  Facebook it seems.

Unplug and confiscate these contraptions and send the fat little pugs out into the fresh air and sunshine to play.

Unsafe Facebook = Rape + Kidnapping + SextingParents need to watching out!

I've got an idea...don't give kids smart phones or access to sites like FB in the first place?  Any people wonder why our kids are insensitive to the world and even lack morals...the reason is the parents.  Prior to the internet and all that has come with it, things used to be taboo.  Now, nothing is sacred.  If the parents would stop trying to keep up with the Jones', and do some actually parentiinng, maybe things would be different.  Since when is it necessary for a 12 year old to have a phone?  Why aren't parents blockiing the hell out of sites like FB?  The reason...they are too lazy and don't want their kids to be left out.  Don't blame the kids...blame the parents.

I'm pretty strict compared to what I see out there. My kids are preteens and are not allowed on any social networking sites like Facebook. Parental controls are always on with a password they don't know. Web browsing is always off and they aren't even allowed on youtube. Cell phones are not allowed. This is all for now. But I won't even consider changing anything until they are at least 16 and lets see how responsible they are then.

Parenting 101: You want to mess with me? I'll mess with you. I'm good at fixing a kid that thinks their smart. I'll teach them something they'll never forget. And it only takes one time for me to show them.

parents should monitor there children.

No cellphone and no computer means ya don't have to worry about it.

technology is great

If your kids are smart enough to bypass you on the net just take it as, your stupid. Give it up and now you know which kid to call to set your microwave clock and teach how to turn on both the cable and tv when you want to watch. Don't turn one off and one on back and forth for 3 hours.Fakebook itself is so 2009. I will be so glad when it is completely dead.

Looking back, my parents were great to us. (I was a 90s kid, born in '88) I of course had restrictions when I was a kid, and when I got older and showed I was responsible, slowly those restrictions were lifted. I can't thank them enough for it.

Monitoring your kids with Drones. That's so 2013!

A social worker told me that "Kids nowadays NEED cell phone." She said this in a family meeting after my daughter had run away several times with older boys, done drugs, pot etc. All of this arranged through her cell phone which I promply took away afterward. Do you think my teen daughter felt entitled to have whatever she wanted whenever and her behavior was ok? Yup. All of this thanks to the irresponsible opinion of a state paid social worker. I was the one who had to deal with the police, older boys and running away. This social worker held me responsible for my underage child and gave her all the power. No they do not NEED cell phones. My opinion is that if they are responsible then they can have controlled usage. I'm just glad my child is 18 now.

My daughter is 16 and probably one of the best behaved kids I know. Because of her good grades I decided to get her an Iphone . Since then she has been telling me about guys hitting on her that she doesn't know on Instagram and facebook so I told her that she was not to be on those sites at all. She stewed for a while , but guess what? I don't care. I would rather have my child safe and hurt her feelings. When I was a kid there was no such thing as a cell phone. When I called my girlfriends it was from the rotary phone in the kitchen with the 2 foot cord so everybody could hear. You are not stunting there growth or ruining their childhood because they can't send 500 pictures a day of them standing in front of the mirror!

Im a parent of a 13 year old boy, and I will go through his account on line. That was part of the agreement. Basically this article states that we should leave these alone and do what they want...... B.S!!!!!!!  The government is stating they can say if a teen has legal rights?  What is up with the world today? I thought WE WERE THE PARENTS..... not the government. Then people wonder why their daughters run away and get hurt or killed, cuz we "let" them do whatever they want..... Well not in my house!!!!!!

What a pathetic article.....

Why does the lady in the picture needs to pose like that? Eeik

I work for a cell phone provider, and my kids didn't get cellphones until they were 16.  There is a HUGE difference between want and need.  If you want to give your kids the kind of free access these devices provide, you might as well hand over your car keys and credit cards, then they will have it all.  Stop trying to be your kids' friend and start being their parent.

Who uses farsebook anyway.Honestly, everyone here seems like they are either afraid of technology or just too lazy to bother teaching their children how to act responsibly. If you rely on spying to keep your kids safe, it will only create more distance between you in the long run

Too many parents  want their kids to "like" them as a "friend" instead of respect them as a parent. I do my best to let my kids know that any time i feel like it i will demand their electronic device so that i can check what they are doing...i know snapchat pictures disappear within seconds so i am limited to what i can do there but facebook and messaging are still subject to my monitoring. If i suspect that messages have been erased so i cant see them (its not hard to figure out) then they lose the device for a time determined by me. If i see pics that are inappropriate the same applies.....its called parenting.......oh and wandering off so they can have a "private" conversation in MY house...isnt going to happen....you can have privacy when you pay the mortgage.

You know, I notified FB about my 16 year old sons inappropriate activity FB and asked if they could shut his account down. They didn't do anything. They wouldn't even help.

Say it forget it.  Write it regret it.

Most people on FB are very annoying especially when they think they have to report and post every small insignificant detail of what they are doing to the rest of the world.  Are they trying to audition for a reality show?

Yahoo is the last place I would look to get advice on how to raise my kids.

The only time your kids REALLY need privacy is when they are showering or sitting on the toilet. Other than that, whatever they are doing IS your business. Who they are talking to, where they are, what they are watching on tv etc. Talk to your kids. Make sure they know that they can talk to you without judgement and you will listen with an open mind. Curiosity is natural, if they know they can come to you with anything, they won't need to sneak around and get their answers through the social media.

Don't give the Kid a PHONE -------------------------Dah, how about being a Real Parent, thats most important, Dah, what kind of Question is that ?     My Gosh ?

Social Media is the downfall of our society!

10 year olds on Facebook - the minimum age (according to Facebook's terms and conditions) is at least 13 years old. See anything wrong here?Child pornography laws water down the stigma for real predators.

Parents should not worry about monitoring their children on Facebook the CIA is already doing it for everyone.Are you aware that Facebook is operated by the CIA? If not, please be aware, the CIA is gathering information on you and your family in the name of terrorism. Please look up topic if you want to know the truth about Facebook:  "Facebook is part of the CIA" "Amazing"

I have no problem with young teenagers having cell phones, my 14 year old daughter has a phone and it has come in handy. A girl in her class passed out and hit her head, as the teacher was attending to the young girl the teacher said, someone call 911 and five students pulled out phones. So this is a bad thing, I don't think so.

This is why my 16 year old daughters have phones that do not take pictures and cannot text.  The phones are for mine and their Mother's convenance.

We are our own worst enemy......

Todays so called "parents" are a JOKE!I do not call a parent one who lets the babysitter,daycare or teacher raise a child responsible to do ANYTHING!

I have seven children and I have zero problems with this, even with my 19 year old. Why? I do not indulge them and when they get caught doing things wrong they are punished. I also monitor computer use and do not allow them in their rooms. Even my daughter at 19 knows as long as she is under my roof it is my way, and I would not give her an I-phone with all this #$%$ on it. I pay for a basic phone with texting and that is that. No one, especially teens, need a device like this to distract them more than they already are. Being a parent is not being a friend, it is sometimes being a total pain in the neck and a kill joy. Parents today are weak pathetic idiots that are so helpless it would be laughable save the fact the screwed up, self-absorbed kids they are producing.

Here's a true story that most likely won't shock you.I met a group of 5 year old's just walking down the street unaccompanied. I asked them why they didn't have anyone with them. One told me to shut the #$%$ up. They all had the latest version of the iPhone. They were all on Facebook. Another one told me to leave them the #$%$ alone. I ended up taking one of their phones and calling the police. It turns out, that for taking an iPhone from a 5 year old, I'm the bad guy. Those kids were crying, screaming for their moms, and I ended up feeling like a jackass because of how manipulative kids are getting nowadays. The kid got his damn iPhone back and is most likely going to end up on the street when he's older because of it. Parents, spoiling your kids doesn't make them love you. It also doesn't make them think you love them. They just think you can give them what they want. What ever happened to discipline?

I don't see what the problem is folks. Not only do I monitor my teenager's Facebook, and we are friends with him on FB, I also have all of his logins and passwords.  I can access at any time, and he willingly shares everything with us, he has no problem with that.  Why?  Because we have refused to allow you the general public and the national media to have any major influence on him.  Despite what Hillary Clinton says, it does NOT take a village to raise a child, just two loving parents.

If my child lives in my house there is no such thing as 'privacy.' They can have that once they pay their own way!I like how people think that they can just monitor their kids all the time and somehow that'll teach em something... All you idiots are advocating for are helicopter parent mentality which is a huge problem because then these kids don't know what life is like when their parents aren't there to hold their hands through every little problem when they get older. This problem is way WAY overblown and is mostly an issue for parents thinking their precious angels can do no wrong rather than an actual problem. Dumb children lead to dumb adults, no matter of helicopter parenting will fix that, just delay the inevitable.

Grown ups look so in mature texting and posting on FB it is funny. Really? Wow looking here at how a lady in front of us looks. eeik. If that is how we look we are putting these down while we enjoy our meal here at Panera and really have a nice conversation "talking" for an hour or so. Bye!

Delete FB

Face...what??

Stop using that FB and the passé  Instacram anyway, spend some time learning or teaching your kids with quality time. And for the older, time to mature and grow up.

Parenting is making hard decision, sometimes unpopular to your children. Some harsh monitoring is needed to protect children from bad things and or people! Hard to explain, hard to do. Its worth the trouble, honest. Some parents forget that respect, manners, dignity taught and practice is a good thing. Don't let them do whatever they want they'll thank you later in life

The sexiest most mature communication is through the written word. Our best technology improvement isn't the i-phone, its self sticking postage stamps. Licking them was very controversial.

My child's privacy comes the day they turn 18.  Unless the laws are changed that I can't keep them safe, ensure they are staying out of trouble, etc, I will know their every move.  It's my responsibility and if you're not okay with it, tough!

Am I the only person that thinks if KIDS are being prosecuted for child pornography for taking pictures of THEMSELVES, then we need to review and make these statues more clearly defined and tailor the laws to suit their original intent, i.e to prevent sexual predators from possessing, manufacturing, or distributing child porn? The is a case of a kid who made a video of himself naked, his girlfriend saw it on his PC, and called the cops. He was arrested, is in jail now, and has to register as a sex offender for the rest of his life for making a video of HIMSELF! I can't be the only person who thinks this is simply bizarre.

"I believe that our children have a right to develop, to grow up and to make mistakes," Markey said. "Nobody should be penalized for something they posted when they were 9 years old."Or you could, you know, start making people realize they are responsible for their own actions at an early age.Every place you turn you see kids AND adults with a cell phone stuck in their face.The kids are following what they see,and what they are allowed to do.When not on a cell phone they are on a computer, both of these can be a very useful device,but they are not being controled by their parents..But again too many parents don't control their own use .Kids no longer know what it is like play and be kids.Too much Tec at too early stag for their own good

Stay off of social media... big brother I mean big business is watching you

When I see anyone walking around with their face in any wireless device, I want to #$%$ it out of their hand and throw it into oblivion. They're taking over some people's lives. Put it away once in a while.

Seriously, when are people gonna learn. All tech is not good tech. And some is way, way inappropriate for kids. You cant stay in front of it as thee is way to much incentive to get around what you are aware of...Kids don't need smart phones and kids don't need on facebook. You are exposing them to #$%$ you have no way of controlling...I liken it to 30 years ago your parents giving your keys to the car, directions to and the money for tickets to go to an old x rated theatre at age 10....Actually its potentially much, much worse.Parenting people. Figure it out or wake up in the not too distant future and wonder who theat person is sitting accross the table from you. Your choice.

The comments here show the real problem.  As with alcohol, drugs, sex, etc... the harder a parent tries to hide, condemn or forbid something, the harder a teen ager is going to try to get away with it.   Try talking to the kid for a change.Incidentally, the reason so many of you loose your minds about what they're doing is because YOU remember what you were doing at that age.

You people aren't parents.  You're servants.  If you don't know how to out smart a kid you don't deserve or need to be a parent.  My dad knew what I was thinking and if I even thought about being insubordinate my life would be a living hell until I got my mind right.  Helicopter parents my #$%$.  My parents were drill sergeants.  If you're weak your kid will know it and exploit it.  Too many books have been written by people who don't even have kids and our society has lost the skills it takes to raise and nurture offspring.  What I see is parents playing a role and comparing themselves to other parents.  Everyone wants to be parent of the year and are waiting for an award.  Thanks for populating our country with an abundance of misfits.  When you gave Johnny an award for coming in last on the playground you set him up for failure.  Now I gotta keep working to support Johnny living off unemployment because he's really a loser and can't find a job.  Johnny's living in your basement and sleeps with the award you gave him in grade school.  Thanks a lot!!!

Parents can also catch up with technology. There are parental control programs for smartphones and tablets so you can keep an eye on what your kids are doing online.

So 2009 huh? well it better be "So 2013" as well

God protect us from children who don't know any better and from their parental units who should.

The tobacco industry is monstrous for hooking youngsters but it's totally ok for gadget makers to do that isn't it? You hypocrite stooges get the kids addicted _for_ them these days.Don't have kids, problem solved. Your wallet will thank you...

Too many "parents" are using electronic devices as babysitters.  This is nothing new, it started back in the since the 60's, when Sat. morning cartoons were the thing.  Then came the Atari, etc. games and so on.  Now, the electronics take even young kids out into the cyber-world for all to exploit.  You can't go to a mall, a ball game, a restaurant--I've even seen younger children in church with electronic games.   When we were growing up and raising our children, children were taught manners and how to behave socially.  Now they are just handed an electronic device.AND WE WONDER WHY THERE IS SO MUCH VIOLENCE AND PROMESCUITY IN OUR WORLD.

Parents violating their kids privacy and monitoring all their social interaction - that's abuse.

I got my son an Ipod. Didn t know he could text other ipods. When I found out I tried to figure out history or who is talking to. Appaerntly I can t monitor it. Caught him texting his girlfriend until 3am. He can have it back when he goes to college. I was thinking of a class action suit against apple. Of course kids want these, they can text unmonitored from their parents. I took it away, problem solved.

Parenting your kids? That's so 2009.

Monitoring everything kids do on the web is the key. That is the only way to know if your child is a bully or a victim himself. For those who say that kids also need privacy, there is the case of the unfortunate Amanda Todd. I watch who my son is talking to on Facebook using an app called Qustodio that allows me to view the profile pictures of accounts that he engages with. Such monitoring is for their own good. Qustodio is a nice app. Just Google for it.

Just because Facebook keeps updating security does not mean that sexual predators and perverts can't send friend request to kids, not does it mean they can  not pose as "teenagers" or younger people to get friend requests from them!  Wake up a smell the coffee people if a predator wants to get to your kid, they are going to find a way!

Kids just make other profiles or just don't accept their parents invitation.

i will stop when the freaks the kooks the killers stop harming our children idiot

The internet is the worst thing that ever happened to kids.it needs to be regulated there is way to much BS floating around out there. To much freedom is not a good thingI monitor other people's kids on Facebook.  I collect a lot of nakie pics that way, and meet some really cute kids.

Kudos to you John and Mrs d. Do.y Jt these so called experts brainwash you into believing these kids have the right to.conduct themselves on an adult level then When the kids get themselves in trouble the same experts want yo place the blame on the parents.

But if I tell me kids they can't have a phone the government will tell me that I'm violating their civil rights!

monitor shoot most parents are doing everything with their KIDS these days the kids are selling drugs to them mmmmmmmmmmmm now that's sad.......................

I have to disagree and agree with this. Firstly you can't stop buying your kids mobiles, and iPods just because YOUR era didn't have it. If I didn't have a phone I would feel left out, and yeah I agree with the child porno thing, stop sending nudes you s!uts, it's going to backfire on oyu in the future trust me... I have an iPod Touch and I have no problems with it, stop blaming the device and blame to parents for not TEACHING their kids about saftey, bikes are dangerous do you stop buying bikes for your kids? No. TEACH YOUR CHILDREN PEOPLE.

gosh, just don't give the kids the devices, and let them be KIDS. I didn't get a cellphone until I could buy the phone and pay for the service, myself. (Of course, I always had a phone card in my wallet when I went out.) No child really needs a smartphone...a cheap one without the frills is enough so that they can keep tabs with mom and dad

You know what? Maybe, just maybe, if parents acted like parents we wouldn't have so many damn problems with social medias and the like! Hell I can barely stand seeing a child in a restaurant these days! I've seen more children acting out of control in restaurants and/or playing on mommy or daddy's cellphone/iphone/ipad/whatever device while yelling/screaming/carrying on like animals. Parents/people in general are to blame for all this #$%$! People stop complaining, get off your #$%$ high horse, and actually start installing some discipline into the children! If children are really the future I am scared #$%$less for said future.

Instead of focusing on protecting the kids, go after the criminals who target these kids. Quit being so liberal on the criminals and get tougher on them.

"Also worth noting is that almost every mobile app available collects some kind of personal data, such as a person's birthdate or the location of their phone, and shares that information with third parties for marketing purposes. "  People are so worried about "Big Brother" government, yet they willing give private businesses all their information for free.  Can't you just imagine the databases that are being created.  Facebook has their own, then they bought Instagram and so on and so on.  How many company databases has Google acquired over the years?  If kids start "legally" using services at 13, how much private information have they divulged by the time they have reached the legal age of consent?

I see no reason why children should not have access to a kindle or an ipad. Disallowing them from owning one would ostracize them and send a strong signal that you do not trust them, both of which will only urge them to rebel. I think keeping up with which apps they've downloaded, doing periodic reviews of their device and keeping up with technology is an important task that each parent should take upon themselves to perform.In addition, building a strong relationship with your child and communicating why they shouldn't do certain things and the repercussions is the most effective and long-lasting solution to preventing your kids from making mistakes that may last a lifetime. Don't just say "no," explain why not so that they understand your motives and so that they fully understand what you're trying to protect them from. Just saying "no" to somebody makes them automatically ask "why," and if they are too young and immature to figure out why for themselves then you're setting them up for failure because they will test it and find out the hard way.Most devices can be setup so that it requires a password to install new software. Anytime my daughter wants a new game or service she has to ask me or the wife to install it. We also put a limit on how many programs she can have at one time. Be smart get involved and know what your children are doing.

As a Mom, I am guilty here: FB is very 2009---- Once she saw I was monitoring her account, she went to Instagram and the others. I think she is mature, but I honestly cannot keep up w/ the technology. I read an article like this, I have a 10 minute chat w/ her about it and then I make dinner or clean or sleep, or do laundry. She has an ipod and a mac tab. I don't even have a cell phone. Frankly, it's out of my hands (and tech sayviness_. I do however warn her a lot about the bad things that can happen.

It's not just kids that are enthralled by this BS.  Every single person i work with has a cell phone and spends all of their downtime either texting or looking at some social media site.

All societies return to a simpler state sooner or later. When they fail. We are headed for simpler times.

When my kids were teens they didn't have an iPhone or computer with internet access in their room; they weren't allowed to post on Myspace or Facebook. The computer was in the living room with the screen facing out and they had limited access. Privacy in our home meant you didn't walk into a bedroom or bathroom with the door closed, but it didn't mean you could hide something in your drawers without them being liable to be searched (they never were, but the threat was present.) Somehow they survived and are productive and undamaged citizens today. I pity those with young kids that are afraid to be parents; I figure that if your kids don't hate you for at least part of their adolescence then you've failed as a parent.

I was born a hundred years too late. I almost wish I had lived and died before witnessing this headlong slide into the muck. On the other hand, I thank God for this incredible journey into what appears to be reality. I pray for young people, they have been given nothing to believe in but themselves, their friends and their toys. God help and bless everyone.

PARENTING IS THE CORE ISSUE!!Poor parenting is the BLAME!!Parents MUST TAKE RESPONSIBILITY!!

If you can't trust your child to use his internet access, (whatever it may be) responsibly, take it away. If you really belioeve they need a cell phone, then block everything except the phone. Problem solved, just tell them "NO" and make it stick.

While I did not grow up with internet access( came along when I entered college), I cannot begin to explain how many of my problems came from having overly controlling parents.

The last conference I went to for my job as a regional technician for staples the presentations from the makers of Norton and kapersky showed that on social media 4 out of 10 friends for children under 16 are adults posing as children of corse this does not apply for children that are known face to face.... Children should not have any Internet access when they are alone parents should be guiding their children they are not mature enough today understand or deal with the predators that are on social media....Of corse so many parents just don't care until the child is on a milk carton the they cry and say how could this happenOur teenagers are way worse than we wore there age !!! I also think Facebook should be GONE !!!

Our children, 8 and 12, use the family computer in our home office/family room. The doors is never closed, the computer faces the door and my wife or I HAVE to be in the room when they use it. They need us to log on.  A friend’s parent found out their child had Facebook accounts and contact all the other parents and we shut them down. They asked for phones, we said no. They’ve asked us for laptops, we said no. It is YOUR job to be their parent NOT their friend.

Double barrel 12 guage shotgun........My laptop.......

If your kid is that dumb that he or she needs monitoring - don't give them a computer -- DUH.....

thats definitely a lady I would like to get in bed with ;)

My friend's next door neighbor has 3 kids and a lot of money.  The youngest, the 4 year old, just got an iPad for his 4th birthday.  In less than a week he knows how to use it too look up things on the internet.  Smart kid … BUT … how much you wanna bet that kid will learn how to use social media and be using it without supervision?  Hmmm, that is if he doesn't already.

Just discovered a few days ago my 9-year-old niece has a cell phone and a plan. Not sure how I feel about this, but whatever, this is the time we live in now.

This is nothing more than the latest problem. More WILL come. The obvious answer is for parents to "take charge". That is great idea, but they are not going to. It is too late to change the social fabric. I don't know what the answer is and I don't believe there will be an answer. Parents all think they know what is going on. They did know what was going on with kids when they were kids, but they really don't know what is going on today with kids--- because they are not kids. I bet that parents were worried about this sort of "kids gone wild" problem in 1652! There was a time when a printed book was a technological marvel and I am very sure that many people saw it as the end of society. Fast forward to 2013 and the rate of social degradation is merely accelerated. All the complaining in the world will do nothing to change this. I hate to be the Prophet of Doom, but this problem ain't nuttin' compared to what is coming.

I appreciate this article so much- the names of new social media is invaluable for parents...

give me a quarterI'm in the camp with the guy who shot his daughter's laptop with a 45.

This is What happens when #$%$ run amuck

Being that children are our future.  Wouldn't China be interested in buying pictures our kids take. Trade deficit no more especially when we add India to it.

worthless snot noses

I have heard many teenagers say Snapchat is the new Facebook. Goodbye Facebook, you are the new Myspace.

People still have Facebook ? That's so 2007!

We're in a generation where women (girls) have lost (or never had) comprehension that boys like them. Love 'em! No need to squeeze your crotch into yoga pants, snap a camera pic of it and post it to be liked--boys already like girls! The failure comes in buying your girls the technology to desperately campaign for attention. Notice this mainly goes wrong for the girls because the boys share the images with friends-something you'd think a parent would express to a daughter! This a parental failure, plain and simple-father around, single parent or not! Everything you assume your child won't do, they're likely doing or considering it. So glad i dont have kids in this world!!!!!!!!

People (adults as well as children) need to know and understand the difference between "friends" and "fans". One can have lots of "fans" on social media, and still have no "friends". Gotta wonder if Zuckerburgerdoodle pondered those distinction when deciding to call 'em "friends".

world wide web= key word is web= web means everythings connected.YOU KNOW LIKE A SPIDER WEB

im embarrased to be seen with my sliding phonethats how these kids feel about using facebookthey feel like they NEED to use it to be able to have conversations with their friends aboutif i didnt play EVERY videogame in school, then id not be able to talk with my friends or understand what they were talking aboutit sux, but its realityUnfortunately, when the media get their kids in serious trouble, it will be the parents who will have to pay.

you know what our parents teach us although am glad of them because they making us familiar with digital

what no1 points out is all of us whining,we r NOT in this day n age,the kids,just like we used 2 figure ways around mom n dad,have figured out that if u take a phone,there is a text app for fb,or another way we wouldnt kno about yet,so its part hawkin them 24/7.,n part raisin them right,mostly raisin em right,but kids always look 4 boundaries and how 2 get around them,its life,we did it 2,so stop bl/aming the parents,/we can only do our best with wat we kno

Good luck monitoring your kid's snapchat. Pictures delete themselves after 6 seconds

They also probably have secret Facebooks anyway

My kids all post embarrassing and odd things on facebook... all I can do is like the post... sometimes share it if in a particular mood... but then again my youngest kid is almost 30 so this probably doesn't count :-)

like hell i want my parents to know wat im doing. securty issues asides my businesss is mine unless u want them to be included... i dont go on fb anymore but point of the story? already said so.. #$%$ offf

I'm not a fan of social media. I don't have a facebook or an instagram or any of those things. I'd just rather sit on a porch with a cup of coffee and have an old fashion conversation with my friends to find out about their lives.

if parents wouldnt buy their children these devices then there would be problems parents should monitor there kids electrionic devices

If you have open communication with your child, spying on them or "monitoring" them is unnecessary. If you trust that you've raised them right, you'll trust them. If you don't trust them it shows that you do not have trust in the way you raised them.lucky me when my daughters were small they didn't have smart phones yet.  Even when they did have their own phones I made them help pay for their share.  Me being a single parent it was easier to have a phone for them each so that way I knew where they were at because my kids never stayed in the same place for long.