The private market is in the business of making money and the article said it wouldn't increase the cost to the federal government more than 15 percent.  Fifteen percent is a good business profit.

"...and would add less than 15 percent to federal health-care costs in Arkansas."Doesn't anyone remember that our government is flat BROKE?  Oh, so we ONLY add 15% more federal cost to make this happen.  I guess that means we just borrow 40.5 cents on the dollar instead of 40 cents now right?  Now spread that across the 50 states and see how much more we will have to borrow.

Economics 101: "250,000 new low-income adults into the private market, creating competition and price pressure." Translation: more patients (demand) to limited doctors (supply) drives price UP not down.

Can you imagine the bribes that are being wired to top Arkansas govt. officials' offshore bank accounts by these private insurers that are about to get their businesses subsidized with taxpayer dollars?

if the other 49 states do just as well...that'll be a 15% increase for each....and you're paying for it

11 million illegal immigrants and billions out the door in foreign aid.Take care of our own first.

Private health insurance rates are going to double again...Get ready

People who believe the government knows best apparently has never worked for the government.

Ryan's medicare voucher plan, wouldn't be half bad, if he wasn't also trying to repeal Obamacare and the insurance exchanges. He says he wants you to be able to shop around for the best price, but wont let you shop for insurance from other states. How can "shopping around" reduce prices, when you are limited to certain companies.

InterestingRight, lets see how long it takes for this democrat plan to blow up intothe 500% increase bracket. Are illegal aliens included in this plan per requirement of Obama?

While we are at it, why don't we also give the poor a phone and an automobile?  Where is the personal responsibility?  Where is the incentive to do better if everything is given to you?

In the first place THERE IS NO 'FEDERAL' Money!. If the states simply stopped sending OUR money to Washington DC, THE STATES COULD TAKE CARE OF THEIR OWN. Right now, fewer than 10 states are using up 65% to 75% of what is left after the Congress gets done paying off the unions, the the welfare voter block, the lobbyists, and their supporting Banking institutions that are making millionaires out of them.REINReplaceEveryIncumbentNow!

The article is garbage.  Providing free medical services will increase the cost, and the people that are paying for their own health insurance will pay more to cover the cost of the deadbeat freeloaders.

Figures don't lie, liars figure.

Wonder who the Gov is praying to?

Because Greed goes on forever - if you want long term survival for any program; set it up so somebody makes money doing it! Altruism, or It's the "Right Thing" to Do - Meh, dreams!

I wonder if the owners of these "private options" health-care companies are friends of the Alabama governor.

health care going up everything going up, oh i for got that's the change the american people  voted for so poor is also going up ! level the the playing field ??

lets end planned parenthood, abortion, senior programs, and public funding.Take from the seniors, the education of our children, the American workforce, the health and well being of the less fortunate, to pay for defense and the lo$t war$and who gets the kick back from these private options

good deal I would rather see money spent on Americans then sent to Egypt

I get both medicare and disability because of my disability (Rheumatoid Arthritis and Osteoarthritis) I work part time. I want to find full time work but no matter how many applications I put in I have never been called back. One employer even told me he would not hire me because of my arthritis. Funny thing is I work harder than most people without a disability.My boss always praises me for my hard work and great work ethic. Yet for all my hard work and great work ethic most employers only see my disability, nothing else.

As long as private companies make a profit, everyone is happy.  Putting a middleman in the process raises costs, but 'health' insurance companies need more customers, and government is the most efficient way to increase insurance company profits.  The boss will get a million dollar bonus for this wonderful program.  That's "Life in a Capitalist Paradise."

I live in Arkansas.  Since when does what the USA does effect us?

If adding millions of poor people to health insurance isn't going to cost the feds -- then move on up to the next step...EVERYONE on the Government health insurance TEAT!  Just continue to use this inane financial study as it will prove having everyone on the Government health insurance teat won't cost the Feds anything!   Hell, why not just assign a doctor and a nurse to each person - certainly won't cost the Feds anything..."The online marketplace would allow people with incomes of up to 400 percent of the poverty line to obtain private coverage at federally subsidized rates."  Federally subsidized rates that wont cost the feds anything, right?The national debt is all an illusion, the annual deficit is a lie, these aren't the driods you're looking for...FORWARD!

TOTAL BULL $#!+!!!

"...would result in little additional federal costs..."My definition of "little" and the federal government's definition of "little" are not even close.

Why do people feel that it the government's responsibility to provide health care?

for those of you down on the poor let me enlighten you on how your government is spending your money. $27 Million for Moroccan pottery classes (teaches Moroccans to make pottery), $15 million to Russian scientist (2800 jobs created in RUSSIA),  $750,970 to smuttynose brewery (3 new brew tanks), $639,884 to test beef jerky technology,  $505,000 grant to sergeants pet care products to make pet tooth paste. would you say this is money well spent? and this is just part of the waste the government hides from the taxpayers. add this type of waste when complaining about the poor.working poor have medical coverage, in the end it will drive down the costs, as peopel who do not have medical coverage usually wait until it becomes a life or deatyh situtation, then they go to the most expesive palce for treatment the emergency room, the bill does not get paid and we the taxpayer or the people that do have insurance foot the bill. it is about time. Preventative medicine is much cheaper, a healthier population and access to a doctor in the long run is beneficial to all citizens.

Great, try it if it works or doesn't other states can learn from it.  At least they are trying something new.

The POOR always cost US MORE!

Poor Arkineesians!

well i heard "the poor always cost us more" and "the working covers the  non-working" and alot more.. ..we have a big problem with working poor and we see these people every day at shopping centers and fast food, clerks at gas stations,people who take care of the ederly because nobody will do it anymore,secretaries and receptionists,office persons we could not do without for 1/2 a day...the list is too long.(some day take note of them all for 7 $ and change)., .  the poor are usually working more hours than the we do and spend more of their day getting to and from work.they often work 2 part time jobs,they don't get insurance from 100 billion $ co. .and they take #$%$ from everybody..it is sad because people really don't know this. or forget or don't want to know... they see or hear about a small group less than 1% and go with that "welfare this and that,people" that don't exist..they just repeat the same old sterotypes that were never true to begin with.  nobody wants to be poor..it is the same thing the germans did in ww2,everybody needs a scapegoat,the romans had the christians,that list is too long as well..it is hard to see such ignorance spewed all over.  i have been watching it for decades,so it must get passed by parents who are stressed and say these things in front of the kids and set up another generation of ignorant bigots,yes it is a form of bigotry....we all need to learn and see for ourselves.  and most of the homeless are very sick people,mentally ill,addicted,lost,..the info is there...the fact is the poor will always be here,they work harder than most with much more hardship to overcome and they are blamed for our troubles when they have nothing to do with them..they have no power,they don't want to be poor..there are only so many pieces to the pie.  with 350 million people in the usa and babies being born every sec we will always have poor..it is easy to complain but nobody wants to do anything to change the reasons why we have such a disparity in wages in america...and why we don't care if people who work harder than we do have basic health ins,not to mention dental ,life, 401k's etc...we put way too many non-violent offenders in prison costing us billions,we vote for the same politicians who give welfare to corps,we don't want to be bothered with being part of the solution..we just love to complain..those who do take advantage are such a small number we can not really count them like i said  b/4 and their faces change because you can not live on assistance...once i would like to see an article like this and actually see people with solutions,real solutions instead of all the blaming and complaining...our poor are the sick,elderly and some of our hardest workers..those are the facts..what you guys are talking about does not exist as a real problem the numbers  are simply too small for it to cause real problems.  if we were not so selfish as a species,if we spent $ on all our kids education at pre-school level,if we did not have corps and banks so big they can do what they please over and over,they have too much power and it's getting worse,if the richest invested in america instead of just  lip-service and rhetoric had to pay their taxes like we do without loopholes that allow people with 100 of millions to pay 1/2 of what we do,if we had costs that reflect worth and if we held our politicians to doing what they are sent to wash to do,instead of the lies and then becomming lobbiest for the corps and banks they said they were protecting us from, it would be a start,,,,but complaining will not help  esp if what and who you are complaining about is not even part of the real issues...and this is the tip of the iceberg.

I wonder if this plan would be better than Obamacare.

Private healthcare. Now they can get reduced care for the same price, while federal subsidies go to paying for bloated admin, stockholders and advertising. Idiots.

So a 15% increase is nothing ?  What would you do with a 15% increase in your pay ?  Donate it to the govt.?  This is a staggering amount when you show the actual dollars and not some percentage figure to cover up the actual cost.  Unless of course, you got the 15%.  They cannot even cut 2% because the number is toooooooo.... big and that  is from a proposed increase.  Don't fall for the parlor tricks of calling it something other than it really is.

I can't believe how old Daniel Craig looks!

Is this going to make the replacement of things like glasses and hearing aides for children who don't like wearing them, so they lose or break them and we can overhear Mother saying "that's okay, we can get another pair free." Part of the care package?Here we have another Democrat idea that "would result in little additional federal cost". First, name one federal program that was on budget. Second, this is nothing more then treating the symptom of the bigger problem just like US health care in general.I would much rather see all of this money go towards reducing the number of "poor". Before a single penny is spent on these "poor" people, they should be asked WHY they are poor and address that issue.Is it because they didn't go to school, are druggies, or maybe just fell on hard times? What ever the case, as long as you keep providing for people with no expectation of them contributing to the payment or expectations of them getting out of poverty, they will continue to suck off the teet of the American tax payer. And, of course, continue to vote for democrats.

It won't work because it makes too much sense.

Why do I feel like I'm going to have to go to Wal-Mart to address my health care coverage?

You mean after republicans whined and #$%$ for years and said it was such a big deal, it was nothing. Dam crybabies.

This is exactly what Romney was talking about - let the states essentially compete and come up with great ideas and solutions.  Though the Arkansas plan may not be right for the state of New York, or the state of Montana, but letting the states figure it out is best.  Then - if the FEDERAL government can subsidize this, why can't companies sell health insurance across state lines?  It is simply idiotic politics that keep that very sensible option from happening.

Everyone should have the same health care. No need for double standards. No need for this type of thinking in Washington. No one is better or deserves any more priviledge than anyone else. Get that through your arrogant thick skulls Mr. Politician scourge.

This has to be a mis calculation nothing is free or cheaper go back to the drawing board. Find your mistakes.

Stupitity at is best

I have a feeling the people on welfare will enjoy the free healthcare. I also know us taxpayers paying the bill will not be impressed.

Here's an idea my brother Stephen A. Frenchko; A cordless phone with a battery back up (like an alarm clock has) while the socialists are fixing the power.GIGO: Government In Garbage Out

Sorry but any additional federal costs, or any cost for that matter that contributes to the national debt is simply unacceptable period.  People you think the private insurance industry is corrupt??  So many of you are willing to put it in the hands of some of most corrupt organizations in the country, yea I am talking about some state governments and the entire federal government.  Governments are notorious for not being able to take care of budgets efficiently and almost every local, state, and all of the federal governments operate on debt, that means they technically have no money to take care of business, now you show me any businesses in this nation that operated the way most governments do and has survived.  In truth you can't because no business that operates in a state of total debt can survive.These idiots truly believe that putting millions on federally subsidized health care plans will have little impact on the national debt?  How deluded and dense does anyone have to be to believe such horse hockey?People I live in Arkansas and can say beyond any doubt that Governor Bebe is a total moron and that's putting it nicely.  To be quite honest it truly amazes me that there are so many uneducated voters out there that keep helping idiots like this gain office.People this will not only turn into the biggest boondoggle in American History if allowed to go through but it will be an excessively costly one at that.  The ACA is the biggest joke in history and is nothing more than a means of squeezing the pockets of hard working Americans and American Businesses for more money.The government can't run anything efficiently and the only thing that most of the politicians are concerned about is how much coin they can put in their pockets at the expense of rights, liberties, and freedom.How long will it be before enough Americans wake up to the truth of what is happening and do the right thing?

"These estimates find that the private option can be fully funded with existing resources at the state level and would add less than 15 percent to federal health-care costs in Arkansas"Only a 15% (estimated, ha ha) increase in costs. Yessirree, Obamy was right, look how affordable this is!!

So a private sector-based solution based on free-market competition is more cost-effective than expanding a socialist government boondoggle?Surprise factor to liberals and other brain-damaged people:  HIGH!Surprise factor to conservatives and other rational people:    ZERO!

Republican analysis is always suspect.

Sure, add more federal costs add more state costs add more local costs, raise taxes , raise the minimum wage, raise the cost of living, put more people in poverty, put small business on bankruptcy, make loopholes for richy rich to steel from it's customer ( preditory lending ), bail out the industry's that are to big to fail, raise the taxes, raise the minimum wage, force every one to buy health care, allow illegal immigrants to have benefits of the poor citizens, raise the cost of living, put larger small business on bankruptsy, raise the minimum wage, raise taxes, ( wow, lets give our leaders a raise, "oh wait" they gave themselves raises and more raises.)

That makes no sense if that was the case they would have did private from the start and there still would be a balance after the bill unless the incident is fully covered 9 times out of 10 not.

obama care will be the down fall of our country

Repeal commie care.  It's not about healthcare it's about control.

LOL    Junk Insurance  (no healthcare) but a way to begin to shut down Medicaid.Click......click to ______bubida_____to Happy Ending!!!!!!

Didn't yall find billions of dollars in oil last year in Arkansas? Sounds like yall are set! : )

Go Razorbacks!!!

Question do we really think a state insurance commissioner in any state is going to do what is right for American households or have a priority to feed the old style politics of fat campaign contributions, and back door deals to fill the greed in the political food chain in a state from the bottom up. Ask how many state insurance commissioners have been convicted of corruption over the years.Making the insurance companies sell their policies nationally across all state lines is the only method to have real competition in the insurance industry. Plus the tax payers won't be footing the bill for high salaries and pension each state insurance commissioner gets.

Remember you have not heard the down side yet.

Grrrr....Angry republican comment!!! Arghhhhh!!!!

Divide them the poor &amp; the others whom think they are doing it all.Boom we got the suckers.Canada has done it with no bad problems why not us all these new health problems are man made are did u people not know? so if they used u as a LAB-RAT  why not fix it

Seems to me they finally did away with the Company Stores and Chits for wages back in the early 70s.  Everyone brush up on Big Bad John cause they are drivin' this country into the ground.

Interesting, Ak is a Red state! and again the GOP prove themselves to be wrong or did the simply use misinformation and lies to tell the people especially their conservative base that it would result in higher private and government cost?

Oh, only a fifteen percent raise in state costs. Who do I send this bill too?The new system hopefully will change the total ripoff private system now in existence- the current system is overpriced and making a few people very rich at the expense of many and causing most people not to be covered at all.

Will the private insurances be forced to cover things like long term mental health services that most private insurance companies don't cover but Medicaide does cover?   I'm talking drug rehab, inpatient psychiatric treatment and in home supports.  Very few affordable private insurance companies cover rehab and there are exactly 0 nationwide that cover extensive inpatient services or in-home services.   Most of the more affordable insurance companies only pay for 6-8 therapy sessions a year currently (or about a quarter of what is recommended for most seriously ill people that aren't just there because they had a rough day at work).  Medicaide pays for all of those things.  Will this changed force private companies to do the same or are people in need going to be SOL?

My prayers are being answered...I use a recipe of psalms  that truly work...and Jesus Christ is answering those prayers...this will help the poor that need that Medicaid...thanks Arkansa

The rest of the world figured this out loooooooooooong time ago. Single payer! that's all I'm sayin'.

more poverty means more blue votes.