DPZ will still come down .It is already down $3 wait till it is in mid 30s than enter.Also geyt out of NFLX wile you can. Dont say you were not warned.GOOD luck

Why does McD's need 'investors'? Are they short on cash? Or is this just a scam to steal off the top?

Dominos Pizza is agood company,but stock is way overpriced.Wait for it to come to low to mid 30s before you go long on this stock.

Having worked at every pizza joint from a mom and pop store to large corporations Papa Johns is by far my favorite as far as quality and cleanliness. Do you even know Pizza Hut makes their pizza? You don't want to know.

Darden is up? #$%$? They own Olive Garden and Red Lobster both places are horrible since Olive garden is all made from a frozen bag thawed in steam water. And Red Lobster has dropped in such quality I hear it now uses imitation crab meat and all fish served may be named "Salmon or Halibut" but is really cod.

The bad food like Papa Johns went up in value--  while Wendys which I like (for a   hamburger) went down  in value--what a   topsy turvy world we are in...

After watching food network shows on screwed up restaurents and a host of other shows as well.I don't trust eating out these days.When mc donalds says theres 70 ingredents in a mcrib,I don't know whats real.Unless I make it.

Article written on an iphone in a mall food court?

What restaurantsdue these companies own????

and not a single one of the preceding posts are from those with even basic knowledge of finance or business. Go tweet somewhere else.These aren't restaurants, they're fast food joints!

Maybe it's because I just woke up, but this seems like the most pointless 'article' I've ever seen a link for.  It's just the closing price for a few fast food/restaurant companies and there isn't even a trend one way or the other.

NOTHING but a bunch of JUNK FOOD JOINTS great places for stoners to munch out

Papa John's: is that bast..d still in business. Who in the right mind buys a pie from this guy?

chipotles is a quality restaurant geared to make money in a fast paced frenetic world-Wii love it

Chipotle: the bastion of corruption in this country. The cusp of liberal hypocrisy that loves to feed its belly with their burritos while looking the other way from the sweaty illegals wrapping them up.

I can't believe Chipotle selling for over $266 when companies like McDonald's and Domino's are selling well below that. Sounds a bit screwy.

The news today in Yahoo about the state of affairs in the USA and this jewel of an article is enough to wish that a planet will come from somewhere at the speed of light and have the mercy, to knock us out of such pitiful existence.

Chipotle 266 and pennies? I wonder who is protecting this outfit? ICE have thousand of complaints logged against this corrupt and filthy company for hiring exploited illegals....but they never get raided..hmmmm

what is so good about chipotle, please i really want to know. No i will not try itAnd Starbucks our pride and joy, the all american business corporation that does not crack a taxable profit in the UK...no kidding!

Tried Domnos new pan pizza. fn awsesome!

Chipotle claims to be organic but i have photos to prove they are not organicthey are giving people cheap food prepared in a satelite kitchen and delivered at their stores. In the next few days i will be posting some pictures about how dirty and non-organic food they servethey have xheap labor to enhance profit their black beans are canned they use 60 size small non organic avocados with no flavortheir chicken comes frozen they use to use organic bell eveans not nowi will post some pictures on you tube in a few days i am working on itany way guys wish you good luck with ur fast mealsmcdonalds is much better quality now tthen chipotle and now there are no lines so stop buying cmg stockyou are at ur own eisk if the stock drops after i post on you tubethey also have illegal immigrants working in some stores with fake ss#'s

I checked out CMG in San Diego, Encinitas, Mira Mesa and Palm Springs. Each and every Chipotles had lines out the door and the fast food places around them were not doing much. I am long on CMG.

CMG is the most expensive stock on earth.. It better have lines out the door.. and longer lines every quarter to substantiate it's 60 p/e

type in "pink slime."  think twice about fast foods---even ones that pay a dividend.