The only thing that some Colorado politicians have signed is their exit from office papers.

Liberals have a problem with letting their emotion get the better of them.  They don;t usually consider the consequences of what they do which often leaves them scratching their heads, bewildered as to why the results did not match their intent.

Chicago, Illinois 2012 - 506 murders, Austin, Texas 2012 - 35 murders. Tell me again how good gun control laws are at preventing criminals from committing violent gun crimes?

Just gave Colorado to the repubs....Thanks , you fools.

Simpleton Democrats passed bills that make them feel good, but don't stop any criminals.Criminals are not going to obey laws just because Democrats passed them.

more proof of morons in office, what they need o ban is idiots like this guy from any type of decision making.

Happiness is a warm gun.

democratic fools in colorado vote to weaken our country,fire them all...

The most un-American state in the union.  A grand title.  Mass punishment for an entire state, for the crimes of a few crazies, most not even in the state or having used the weapon in question.

The photo was taken when he was talking about how big his unit is .Colossians 2:13-14 tells us all our sins are forgiven, if we accept Jesus.FACT: You were created by a loving God. You have great value. God loves you and wants to have a personal relationship with you.Psalm 139: 13-16; John 17:3; John 3:16Everyone has sinned, and the wages of your sin keep you from a personal relationship with God, resulting in death.James 4:17; 1 John 3:4; Romans 3:23; Romans 5:17; Romans 6:23; Isaiah 59:2ONLY through Jesus Christ, who died and was raised to life, can you have a personal relationship with God.John 14:6; 1 Peter 3:18You personally must respond by trusting Jesus Christ as Savior and LordRomans 10:9-10; John 1:12Would you like to accept Jesus as your Savior? Pray the following to God, you may use your own words if you like:Dear God, I know that my sin has separated me from you. Thank you that Jesus Christ died in my place. I ask Jesus to forgive my sin and come into my life. Please begin to direct my life. Thank you for giving me eternal life. In Jesus' name, Amen.