Does "global balancing" mean taking wealth from the USA and giving it to some other country or wealth distribution ? We just lost again . Probably because we are "too arrogant" Ain't dat right Barry ?

First thing Xi said, "Congratulations on getting that million dollars into your pocket immediately after it arrived from your Treasury! That was some deft move. Here in China, we have to hide such things but not there in America. What a country!"

Lew Xi "you gotta lot a 'splaing to do"

Does "global balancing" mean taking wealth from the USA and giving it to some other country or wealth distribution ? We just lost again . Probably because we are "too arrogant" Ain't dat right Barry ?

If you believe this story you have to come from Mars. Another trip at the taxpayers expence to promote Mr, Obama and Mr, Lew from what I gather does not know yet where hisdesk is.

They can plan the destruction of America together.

we go see  China, we reassure Russia, what the hell is going on!

History Major: Unfortunately in the decade wherein a marxist, traitorous president and his band of merry characters like the financial genius Jack Lew ( inventor of the sequester) decided to destroy their country. From the keyboard of another history major.

Xi what I mean?

We're toast.  Another I.O.U. on the way....

Lew, a marxist, is there to take communism lessons. Just to hone his skills.and Rodman too?

Mention him and CHINA and LOOK at HIM....DANG!!!!!!!!!

Stupid photo front page is misleading...

New Chinese Dictator to meet with Banking Criminal..

The world is full of idiots most of them live in USA

Both sides is full BS

it's Trumans fault...should have listened to MacArthur

What a bunch of double faced Chinese , Liar , thieves , murders, tortures, , manipulatorsWhat a bunch of A. .s. s.  licking AmericansAnd what the hell do USA 's official's keep traveling to China , and brown nose themselves forDon't they have problems to take care of at home , raybe they beg for money againI am so tired of USA brown nosing , Get yourselves together , Have some bloody pride over thereCan't make toasters , HA

Good.  Two powerful countries negotiate prices for mutual understanding.

Xi see LewLew See XiSee Lew Xi8 Harmony 8

just amazing..row? Row row you Hoe

The plan to enslave the masses has already been placed into  motion... "We keep you alive to serve this ship,  row well and live "...

Jack read the story next to yours. The Chinese just stole a bunch of our military secrets. Do you still think they are our friends?

Another Jew as a US Secretary of Treasury... Will be all dimmed under this JEW-CREATED-NEW-WORLD ORDER?...

Lew will kiss Eleven's keester, although omama would probably like to do it.

China holds the best economic hand as we propel into the 21st Century. When the 21st Century climaxes China and Africa will have most the wealth. Read China Loves Africa on amazon.

They need to over the loan modification paper work on the 16.4 trillion dollar mortgage.

Now im hungry for chinese take out....

One beast of satan meeting another beast of satan..Xi,Hacking is private industry work.Probably not even from China half of them.Their playing us against each other.Search for motive first.

While reducing barriers to your international trade remember to rise awareness to your companies which imports goods and cargo in Tanzania, to pay for custom duty and aviation duty too, to rise economic status via Tanzanian tarrif bases. Little bit this issue is not clear in Tanzania, but you need to pay for impotation taxes since 95% of come is coming from ports and international aiports as well as borders- cross checking this have been being received from International trade. We don't understand these decision - makers in Tanzania to kick down custom duty, probably they have bad reason behind for rising the living standard of most of Tanzanians.Deo- Tanzania.

So, Lew will basically bend over and let Xi do to him and the US whatever China feels like doing.

for now, i do not believe a government can even run a taco stand. even if the business model is good, careless people will ruin it.China can only allow those state own businesses to bankrupt if any are bankruptcy prone, meanwhile give out loan to whoever are capable...creativity does not lie in a limited way, which is the government. creativity lies in people, if the government can make the right rules.

The new Chinese President Xi Jinping will meet with US Treasury Secretary  Jack Lew in Beijing  is just an indication of how  protocal can be set aside in order to emphasize how important China feels  about the USA. President Xi had fond memories in Iowa while Sec. Lew is an excellent management technocrat and a lawyer.

So now we have an Asian Secretary of Treasury to help the US biggest lender??!!!! Hmmmm...I smell a Tea Party conspiracy theory brewing at the local Paul Rand Fan Club chapter.

The economy of that contemptible obnoxious honkey country is a kind of leech and thief system.

Jack Lew is an amateur and completely unqualified to be representing the US in talks with China.

Be careful what you ask for! Ask any economist what will happen to the USD if the Yuan is allowed to freely appreciate! The USD that is printed on Treasury IOUs turn into banana notes. The US debts is huge and each citizen has a debts responsibility of USD 250,000 per person! If the Chinese cash in their Treasury bonds or convert their USD to other currency, gold or precious metal the US govt would go bankrupt!

Achtung Prizgar : China is the most polluted nation on the planet and your narrow minded assertion that China holds the best economic hand you forgot to mention its a crippled handwith obvious warts . Now go get your crumbs from your Chinese masters who had you post your B.S. and America will sweep you and your crumbs away with a liberty broom idiot.So this guy Xi is China's president? I thought he was a Superbowl from the 70's

it never happen, the fake stuff is to cheap for chinese buy the real stuff. plus not enough man power to to enforce it in china. chinese love to sell not buy so american good nots sell  very well in china. also american goods are already in china via american factory.

Of course China has the upper hand! How many Trillions of Americas almost 17 Trillion Dollar National Debt do the Chinese hold? It's very hard to display confidence when you owe so much money to the guy across the table!

China knows very well if it wasn't for the American businesses in their country China wouldn't be anywhere in trading with the U.S.A . all because china loves so much to copy what  America have MONEY,,,,,ONE DOLLAR,ONE DOLLAR !!!!!!.............This American government needs a WAKEUP call to start investing back in American, not in some foreign countries !!!

every nation in this world should spend more on their military so that they would not suffer the same fate like native americathe original owner do no any right than the thief in his homeland."legalised robbery"repeated in cyprus- eu tax on depositor -another form of legalised robbery

huge immigration  of white to traditional area of native america had caused some tension among the communities which they accused the govt was implementing genocide policy to kill of their special identity. there was no freedom of political power, freedom of religion, freedom of speech and freedom of media.their media are not willing to talk about such sensitive issue. afraid of further repercussion form usa govt. usa had law to detain anyone without trial.ethnic minority constantly under threat of survelliance and harrassment from the police.(muslim, black,native america)police only perform search on black teenage.(tend to use deadly force on them)jail was full of black people.rape case committed against native america woman was not prosecuted. acquittal rate was high.their congress and, senate and even president -  not a single not representative of native america.newspaper in native america language or tv channel educate about american people about masscare committed by them against native.stealing their land. forming illegal nation on their land.pushing them to live in small crowded reservation.

xi should tell lew that america genocide policy is causing huge resentment among their ethnic minority.forced assimilation had been diluted their identity and language.they might lost their own native language. they cannot find job without speaking in english.(foreign language brought by white invader to this land)even obama under pressure to behave more like real american.more people are questioning his birth certificate because he display some distinct culture different from majority of population.obama dare not speak in his own native language, mention about his african root.wear the costume of african.(display his own identity)native america remain poor and unable to cope with high living cost. the resources in their homeland was only benefitted those white european due to govt controlled by white.

To all you walmart type shoppers your government sold you out to the Chinese many years ago.  Lost jobs ...... cheap shinny things to fill your basket with.Sleep well