It seems that no one see's the value of this research and it's not about how far a picture can fly it is about understanding the dynamics of tornadoes back when I was a kid a tornado warning on TV meant that there may or may not be a tornado in the general area, say whithin 40 or 50 miles of you. Today the path can be plotted in real time in a span of a mile or less and if you live in the Midwest this research has value to you

I was thinking what a scene if one hit a major paint factory

Was in Topeka Kansas when the first tornado to ever hit the town tore it up from one end to the other. It jerked huge oak trees up by their roots, and moved a 6 story tall granite building 6 inches off it's foundation. Impressed me!

I'm in Joplin, and I wonder where some of my stuff ended up.  I bet it went really far.

Ok, I'll buy the far-travelling photo in a tornado but where do my missing socks go?

Natural has a way of the redistribution of materials, just like that floating across the Pacific from Japan.

I remember seeing pictures of tornado damage to the Jonesboro, Arkansas area many years ago.    The one that amazed me was a tree that looked "hairy".    The wind had picked up the dry pine needles on the ground and driven them like nails into the tree.    Dry pine needles are very fragile, so I have no idea of how this happened.

Did the examine the relationship of weight of objects to distance travelled?  Don't you think that might also have something to do with it?

John Snow, a professor of meteorology- Awesome.

Didn't debris from the 1974 Xenia tornado wind up near Cleveland ?With the technology we have today, there is no good reason for home's exteriors to made of wood. In most of these pictures you will notice that brick/stone/concrete are usually left standing.

Just on the south side of McPherson Kansas there is a natural gas refinery....I lived there for almost a year...to this day I can't understand why anyone would build a refinery just a few blocks from a town that sits right smack dab in them middle of tornado alley!

"Most debris fell slightly to the left of the storm's track. But the items that traveled the farthest were found to the right of the path." similar patterns as in a hurricane where the right side is called the dirty side and is more destructive than the left side (on the northern hemisphere and is reversed in the southern hemisphere). This has something to do with the Earth rotation.

Oct 22 2012 - "6 Years To Scientists Guilty Of Not Predicting Earthquakes"Oct 23 2012 - "Italian scientists resign over L'Aquila quake verdicts"Who will want to try and predict disasters if they are going to be prosecuted for disasters they fail to predict?

Complain about tornado research, but I consider this serious research because we don't know that much about tornadoes.  We are having them much too often and at weird times of the year when they are not supposed to happen.    The main thing here is the suction of hazardous material that can cause harm and how far it can contaminate.

Well, here was another Must Dostudy. Good Grief Charlie Brown!!!

Fascinating, yet bizarre.  Mother Nature astonishes me.

HARRP HAS SOME ADVICE TO OFFER YOU

where did that cow end up in the movie "twister"?

What does a tornado and a hillbilly divorce have in common?  SOMEBODY is gonna lose a house trailer!Glad I now live in a state where tornados are scarcer than hens teeth after working for 10 years in Texas.

Absolutely amazing, a tornado sucks things high into the air and then they fall to earth in places far away. I guess you're never too old to learn something.

Good work!

I think the real reason for this study was to see how far and how much toxic, and radioactive mat could be carried by a storm.

There was a tornado many years ago that struck a mall in Wichita Falls, TX and checks and receipts showed up in NE Oklahoma. Not sure how far that is but seems like it was close to that distance.

This is some research that eventually could be beneficial to people. Why are there so many mentally shallow people on here making useless, stupid comments? Too much time on their hands because they have nothing to contribute to society.

I would of Moved from Kansas years ago after hearing what happened to Dorathy and Toto!

tornadoes mean rain. bring them on. b4 ya'll thumbs down me, im a country boy, i live in tornado alley, and my family owns land. we need the rain. we have basements to take shelter in if needed

Another ridiculous study funded by us i suppose? Doppler radar is an amazing thing it tells you when a storm is coming that possibly has a tornado in it. Even the word "possibly" should tell intelligent people to seek safety.

We found Plywood panels 6 ft X 4ft near our house from the Xenia tornado that was 70 miles away and our neighbor found a postcard that they had sent to their cousins in Xenia, when it had fallen in their backyard.  We also found part of a dictionary from a Xenia school.  The amazing thing was that one word was circled in the dictionary: "Disaster": when we found it.Hmm, the Helen Hunt/Bill Paxton movie "Twister" had them trying to put hunderds of christmas ornament sized sensors inside a tornado to create a better model of their behavior with the hopes of using the data create a better warning system... so people would have a better chance of finding shelter if they had hours instead of minutes (or unfortunately seconds in some cases).I wonder if that would be useful in the real world...

everything about tornados was studied and published many years ago - I quoteIt really was no miracle. What happened was just this.The wind began to switch - the house to pitch and suddenlythe hinges started to unhitch.Just then the Witch - to satisfy an itch went flyingon her broomstick, thumbing for a hitch.And oh, what happened then was rich.*The house began to pitch. The kitchen took a slitch.It landed on the Wicked Witchin the middle of a ditch,

Tornado is a annual event for the area. Build houses more of tornado proved.

Wonder how much money the fed barfed up for this REPETITIVE study?

Yes it may lead to better warnings - or it may just waste milion of dollars in studies for nothing.   All I see is that every storm is the storm of the century, the end of life as we know itanother case of the sky is falling -and in the end no one can predict when, where, or the direction of travel of a storm or huricane,.    All it really leads to is a rebuilding for those who lost so much.    Who do they want to warn about ??   Warnings are to save peoples lives from tornadoes - you can not predict where debris will land, nor prevent the damage done.   But  please waste tax payer money to study this, we have so much extra money in this country.

i wonder how much of the debris landed in a magical land with short ppl

Unbelievable.

Who pays for these "studies"?  It is common knowledge, tornados scatter debris all over the area.  Bigger tornado, bigger area.  We can't stop one.  Until we learn to do that, we have to just try to get out of the way.

Radioactive tornadoes...the next movie from Hollywood?

Jeff Martin,A/p, Reporter of the  decade to you for this insightful thought-provoking article.  After, reading the information presented in the article, I concluded that, indeed, journalism is DEAD.Not sure how this will help with better warnings. How far debris gets tossed won't keep you from getting tossed when it hits.

Why don't we develop a system that warns us 20 years in advance of hurricanes like we have of asteroids?

So high winds blows stuff a long ways?

I wonder if we did a study how many stains we'd find on blue dresses near ex-President Clinton.  A studly like this could make it safer for women to be around him.

Hey Lil Lilly,  Missing socks go home to Jesus.  if you been good but naughty, ya get to spend time in Heavan, sorting sox.

"ethical and sensitive to the victims".....well that's something new.

Good reason not to live where Tornados or hurricanes come up almost every year!

"The tornado gave a us a dryer."

Tornadoes...Mother Nature's way of letting us know who's in charge !

Someone I know lost his boat in a tornado in 1992. The thing just disappeared off the trailer. It's still a mystery where it went.Tornadoes are not vacuum physics,  a big storm that can send some objects high enough into a fast moving jet stream.

Who in the hell is going to pay for this study?  I am out of money to give to the government!

1st to post  !!!!!

So the debris traveled in the same direction of the storm?  Gee would have never guessed.

I can tell you where the stuff it picks up goes.  It goes all over the place!  Folks, if one of these things is near you don't take pictures or video...seek shelter!

Tornados are attracted to trailer parks like a magnet !

In  OH a rule of thumb is when you hear the siren the tornado hit thirty minutes ago.  Depend on 'experts' to warn you and get ready to die. Best thing to do is LOOK outside window for a tornado. If you SEE one take cover.

The Wal Mart store in Jopli Missouri MADE the customers stand in the middle of the store with one employ and thay al were killed by the tornado..I have found that Wal mar does this all acros the country when theres a tornado force the customers in the middle of the store the worst most unsafe place to be..They tryed to do that to my father and me once in Farmington,but my father said no we tryed to leave but they had the doors locked..He told a guy that worked there to let us out he said no.My dad said see that bench if you do not unlock that door now I will throw it through the glass..The guy then unlocked the door and let us leave..We went down to FashionBug store were they let us go back into the back of the store with them and other customers..The only people that were killed in Joplin Wal Mart was the one who worked there and thE customers because they were standing in a DEATH TRAP..The ohter workers and manger and few smart customers were all in the back were it wa safer or in the bathrooms..NEVER let any store FORE you in the middle of there store during a tornado it is a death trap..Force you way into the back rooms of the stoer or bathrom..If you have time leave any way you can and go to a safer place...Why does Wal Mart do this becaus there scared someone will rpi them off so they put you all in the middle of the store were you can be watched...They DO NOT care about your life only there goods it is a greedy uncaring store...

Story's bottom line: you're more likely to be pushed off of a subway platform to your death by a total stranger than die of toxic waste fallout.

So, what does this tell me? That there are more efficient options besides the United States Postal Service? I can envision a protest against twistersi've encountered several tornados over the years, always hit at night.

Li'l Lilly,maybe they'll be reunited with their owners after we pass away!!

Okay, first you need to take a weighted pack or a large sized pick-up truck (one of those Dodge Rams with the dually), place it in the path of the tornado and let the signals escape into the funnel.  Ohhh sorry, I am thinking of a movie (Twister).

People will do anything to not work a real job.

Do we need a multi-million dollar study of trash right now?  I thought Obama was going to stop spending.  I didn't realize he only meant for that week only.

I remember when Sandy was a Navy recruiter in Atlanta. Right after Debbie played football at the Piedmont Park Grateful Dead free concert. I got jacked for a quarter at the fundamental revival. Then he couldn't guess my wife's age so she won a Teddy Bear because she got married too young.

I thought most of the debris ended up in garage sales.

The world is a dangerous place. The liberals are quaking in their boots.

Someone should study why tornadoes hate trailer parks and hicks.

can we be honest, we know as much today about them as we did 100 years ago. if you see a big swirling cloud.... RUNNNNNNNNN!!!!All this research will do no good if warnings do not go out BEFORE storms hit. Putting out a warning an hour and 35 minutes AFTER a storm does no good (I state the hour and 35 minute number due to a past experience with a local TV station's warning; the warning was not only far too late, it was aired after the warning had expired!).Thousands and thousands of people doing all they can to research information, can't overcome the stupidity of a mere few, when those few control the information getting to the masses!

First paragraph-"debris is carried", shouldn't that have been "debri is carried"?

Once you experience one you will never want to see another!

The idea of an above ground tornado/hurricane proof facility is questionable. While they may be designed to withstand most tornadoes and hurricanes that doesn't mean they can survive all storms. Ask the Japanese about that. I have literally seen a blade of grass stuck in a tree from a storm. If grass can penetrate a tree imagine what a 2x4 will do. Or a car?

So, if a tornado hits my home, I can call Georgia and they can tell me where all of my stuff went? Awesome. Wonder how much that research costs.

Not a tornado but - I remember being amazed at the amount of ash on my windshield during a rainy day in NJ 3 days after Mt. St. Helen erupted.  Makes you think about what else floats around for "awhile" from around the world.

Why don't we start building structures that can withstand these kind of storms. Lets do a study on that for once.

I read this head line 30 years ago!

Southerners and midwesterners are all morbidly obese in the hopes that a tornado can't pick them up.

so flying debris could hurt me? how much money will that cost?My research says to move to a region that does not have tornado's.

Liberals need to start urgent legislative action to ban tornadoes while working on banning 2 nd amendment guns ,, and 1 st amendment books and google searches .. I just if government can control gun choice they can control book choice to .....right

I think in the first place as a concerned citizen, we should not even be put in a situation were we should be concerned about "toxic biological or radioactive debris" problems during a tornado or any kind of storm. Our government should be making sure such materials are secured or mandate by inspection that they are secured by the people that use them or contain them in storage.

This took a study???? " Ok, I think it's the WIND that is picking everything up and tossing things around during a tornado, so, we just need to get a couple million $$$ from the government to put some stuff out to see if it blows away, and I think we can prove it." Wow........

Imagine something toxic being in the air, as in how far a tornado could send it. That would be deadly.

Budget to engage investments in education, job creation, and improving the communities around the state.‘Meetings conversation – offering their ideas, and our shared future. All conversation about investments we make in order to build a Better public.Last investments include economic development, add to local property tax, renters, and businesses.

One thing You all know is........First of each MARCH ..........Tornado Season .......Tornadoes arrives anytime of the year 365days ......It's Winter time in the Midwest , Feb 28 , 2010  around 12:30 am , tornado hit St.Louis Lambert Airport and destroy homes along it's path . It went for milesssss . The best thing for anyone to do is , keep tracked of the weather and pay fully attention to the Tornado Warnings .......Keep your eyes to the sky ...........

Warning #1. Might not be the best place to rebuild.

A Tornado hit in Rainsville, AL today. It caused a ton of damage, there was serious wind damage, possibly a tornado hit FT Payne, did some damage to the Heil plant, sports complex and to the high school

Anyone that lives in an area known as "tornado alley" should perhaps think exactly why it is known as "tornado alley" then think it over for a while and decide if it is a safe and secure location to live with your children. Dah.I'm glad to see some good come out of the April 27th tornado outbreak. The outbreak is something I'll never forget. We were just a couple of miles from a major damage path in Alabama. There were lots of things where they weren't supposed to be. We found a 9 yd dumpster wrapped around a large tree several feet off the ground. It was at least 5 miles from any businesses large enough to have had a dumpster that size. The main line out of Brown's Ferry Nuclear Power Plant was cut by the storm. It got real close to testing out how tornado proof the nuclear power plants really are. Hopefully some of this research will help with understanding how tornado's actually form and act.

Religion is a mental disorder not unlike schizophrenia.  The religious should be heavily medicated and put into mental institutions.

If you live in Oklahoma you like Tornado research.

I was in the path of those April 27, 2011 tornadoes. We lost quite a few neighbors and many houses from our community. In the aftermath there were multiple sickness, fungal menengitis being one of the worst sickness occurring, with quite a number of cases of it. Many of the illnesses doctors said were caused by pathogens which were obviously carried in from the storms. Predicting where debris will land is one thing, preventing biological, radioactive and other hazards is another. Test labs at universities and other research companies were destroyed and no report was ever given publicly as to what was in those labs or what kind of dangers were involved. This information should have been made public.

So what they are saying is, a tornado is a cheaper way to mail a picture?

Sounds like the movie Twister in a way. There is no way to predict a tornados path...nor is there a way to predict where it's going to touch down and if it will even touch down. Next to hurricanes, tornados are the most dangerous because they are so unpredictable.

Just another wast of money ,and then in a few years they start all over again with another study , what a bunch of bull,all this bull needs to be stooped how dumb is AMERICA becoming., Some fall for every thing the liberal lying government and their liberal owned press and their thieving ,lying,stealing over payed worthless colleges etc.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The lyrics from a song come to mind.   "P---in' in the wind, bettin' on a losing friend"

Maybe if we can learn to better understand tornadoes, we can one day make peace with them rather than brand them as the domestic terrorists that they often are...

Tornados really suck!They put money in this study but denied a small Kentucky town any assistance a little time ago.

In May of 2011 an EF5 tornado hit Joplin, Missouri. There was a piece of debris, a reciept from a tire shop here in Joplin that was destroyed by the tornado, actually traveled over 500 miles from Joplin, Missouri to a town in Indiana. It's simply amazing how far things can travel with a storm that powerful. We heard about this reciept from our local news paper then on national outlets.

The govt is planning to build a toxic biohazard facility in the path of Kansas twisters near KSU. Now what could possibly go wrong?

We've all heard the stories of the ice-cream freezer that flew 10 miles and was deposited with the cream frozen perfectly.  And the cows flying across the fields and dropped into the Church parking lot confused but unharmed....

I hope they drag the congressional feet with assistance.  The appaulling Paul family would even think of giving assistance to them.  Smaller government begins by eliminating them from office.

SHAZAAAM!

pretty sure the dryer is a sock teleportation device

I really hate living in Tornado Alley, I'm looking for a new home OUT of it. I just can't deal with the threat every spring/summer!

I am confused. So if a tornado hits... I'll have time to know not to be sitting where the sewage is supposed to land, if they calculate this and that or something else in the split seconds of these moments, and my tv is on for me to get the calculation while the tornado is on it's way...?

Great, now I will know that the tornado is going to hit me.uhg say big wind blow trailer bye bye

In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ Amen.

How about this: If we know fuel rods "stored nearby" (probably in the impenetrable safety of a Lowe's steel garden shed) is a catastrophe waiting to happen, lets fix that problem FIRST. Then worry about where Dorothy and Toto end up.

my ,dryer, does the same thing!!!!my best one scock is gone!! where it is? don't know.

i was in the area in TN where those april 27 tornadoes hit (Ooltewah/Chattanooga).  Those are the tornadoes that tore up Tuscaloosa AL and Ringgold GA.  I was at work in downtown Chattanooga and we saw the Ringgold debris flying around and dropping.  We went out to looka and it was a flyer from ringgold in our parking lot.  that alone amazed me.

Further making my point, nuclear energy is not clean energy.

10 minutes of study, 10 million taxpayer's dollars gone.

My family went through a tornado back in 1968, down in Texas City, Texas.  We lived in a 3 bedroom brick home with a 2-car garage, in a neighborhood.What I remember most about that is.... I don't recall anywhere near the amount of damage from tornadoes back in those days.The photos of destruction you see today are blatantly honest to one very important fact.  The standards in quality for building construction have fallen into the sewer.

Is any of the "debris" recycled?Will storms carrying nuclear waste become the next drones?Why aren't these homes built for hurricane activity?Look at the photos:  these homes are built less structurally sound than California homes; most of the material in these home could be reused instead of being dumped; who's paying for these continuing mistakes?  If you guessed yourself, you'd be correct: higher taxes, more government spending and higher insurance rates.

has anyone seen my cow?I can see value in understanding tornado dynamics but equating a photo that weighs a fraction of a gram with a 100 lb fuel rod is, well, fuelish. And a mountain of mine tailings is a tornado hazard but doesn't disperse contaminated dust on everyday breezes?There had to be an editor somewhere in this story's stream telling the author "jazz it up!" with some ludicrous, shivery scenarios.

Just more useless waste of taxpayers money!!!

Insane.  So now we can predict who will get sick or die from spent radioactive fuel rods &amp; toxic waste distributed by a tornado?  Wouldn't it make more sense to protect these things from blowing away?

Use Common Sense ..............

So the question is should we do more research in tornados and save lives and property or should we cut the size of government and reduce "wasteful" spending?

Did they ever discover how far Dorthy and her house went to get to OZ?

How do they know these pictures and documents were from a tornado 100-200 miles away instead of just litter?

Jump inside one.  Then you can just look and see where you are going to end up.

is it possible to design a building that is somehow allow the  huricane to flow over it, such as the aerodynamic shape of a dome ?As far as I know, a flat vertical rectangular building will collect the maximum force from the wind velocity..  so how about changing the shape in areas prone to hurricanes??

Are they ever going to actually apply even a basic version of the gadgets in Twister?here's a warning.  don't live in a place called tornado alley.

BOOM BABYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!

No, spent fuel rods cannot be picked up and thrown around the countryside like this article states. The vessels for dry cask storage are completely anchored and would laugh at an F5 tornado throwing flying tractors at it.

I live and work in the Joplin, MO area.  I work at one of the car dealerships that got destroyed.  Service repair orders were reported to be found in Illinois.  I saw metal bars thrown through the engines of the vehicles.  All but 6 vehicles were destroyed.  The roof and back of the building were ripped off and every bit of equipment in my office was destoryed yet my personal pictures of my family were left intact and sitting exactly were I had left them.  The devastation is unbelievable.  Joplin looks much different today.  Almost all of the businesses have been rebuilt and many of the homes as well.  Just a few families are left in the fema trailers.  It's been nearly 2 years and the definate path of the tornado is still very visible.  Any assistance for a better warning system that could save lives would be wonderful!

Lest see odds of 1 person getting hit by a tornado slim. Odds of a tornado hitting someone or something good the reason is all though 1 random person getting hit by a specific tornado are slim the fact of the matter is there are billions of people living on earth and tornadoes have and will strike all over the earth no exceptions you just have to look at the odds of a tornado strike in your area to see what the chances are that your town and country will get hit or not

Great story and fascinating study.

New study indicates that... yes, it is debris.

Might want to check Oz.

I lived in a valley growing up and we have a F4 come through town, luckily about a mile from our house it split into two separate tornadoes, it flew directly over top of our house and I got to look up into it, debris was falling all over the yard, mainly insulation from the homes it destroyed.  They're not kidding when it sounds like a train coming.

You need to ask Dorothy &amp; Toto just how far a tornado can take a house!one never stops to think of what is around them until it is on them. to our west is a stock pile of mustard gas, a E.F 3 hit our town in 2012 and one a our guys had a document to travl over 100 miles, almost the same distence the mustard gas is from us. something to think about.

Has anyone seen my ruby slippers?

Why is it we have to identify our own stuff after it is blown away-POLICE look up the word they do not! They investigate and in most cases cause more anguish and heartache than the storm or criminal caused in the first place.

Make a dome house. Or an underground house. Better yet make it with machine to make it go above ground or underground.

Let me tell you a thing or 2 about the weather,this is one of God's tools,&amp; ain't "NOTHING" you can do about it except what you think "might" work,&amp; it probably won't if he or she as the case may be, get's an attitude,the only real thing you can do is hope you don't get hit.There may not be any-1 around to call..

Uh Oh toto,  it looks like were not in Kansas anymore....good thing those tornado researchers did that study. Now we might be able to find our way back without having to go thru oz again.

Still have horrible flash backs of those tornadoes, complete nightmare

After this government subsidized liberal-university #$%$ study is concluded and a bunch of tax dollars wasted, they will conclude nothing more than the fact that when a tornado blows through a residential area, its inhabitants belongings will be strewn all the #$%$ over the place.  I can come to that conclusion from the photo without a study.

aku gak nggerti tau

wonder how far our momento's will fly from all the hot air out of washington...kinda like the movie twister

Contestants from "I've Got a Secret" also receive ..... TANG

yeh we always get the worst sometimes...

been in the tailend of the alley all my life. Hmm, all we get is the occasional shale induced quake every few weeks. lol

an F-5 tornado can shoot a pine needle thru a light pole...now where's my 10 million dollars

This article is highlighting the possibility of saving lives by earlier warnings. It is similar to the way that the right side of a hurricane is stronger(usually) than the left side, and a greater storm surge is experienced. This research helps everyone that could possibly be affected by such inclement weather. Glad to see that such research is being done.

public educate yourselves... soon we will not all be able to have electricity, weather etc.. the animals knows when there will be a storm and even when mother nature will show herself show out... it's really sad...

And this leads to better warnings, How????  That question was never answered.  So what if the debris moves to the left or to the right.  It moves where it gets spit out, and more will just get sucked up in the path, and somewhere, that too will land is someone's yard.  There are no warnings where I live, bring some of that research money around here to put in sirens, that'll save some lives!

The earth is a alive and want to shed its fleas the humans that are destroying her , she is sick now becuse of us and her temperture is hot called global warming. Lets see what she does next to remove us ?

I would rather see the invested money used towards feeding or clothing People, or giving someone shoes that has none, instead. I already know enough about tornados to get the hell out of their path, what more study does  anyone really need than that?Oh toto! I don't think we're in Kansas anymore!

glad to see a self supporting state not need any fed help, or do they?  cry, no, until YOU see really what your state can(cannot) do.

the federal goverment in action - spending tax payer money that will produce nothing at stopping 'Mother Nature" -

This sounds similar to what they did in Twister.

America is still nomadic...making houses out of wood rather than bricks and concrete. In Asia and middle east, lands of civilizations thousands of years old, you hardly see wooden structures. Over centuries they stopped moving around and led more or less a sedate and stationary lives.You must see look at middle class homes, called bungalows, which stand for a hundred years,come rain or tornado, typhoon or temperatures.Till our society realizes the importance of solid and sturdy structures, we will be subjected to the ravages of tornadoes, But that times is centuries away. We are moving most of our lives.

I would like to share an encouraging message with you,SICKNESS,TRAGEDY+DEATH effect each  one of us with out  in our control(ECCLESIASTES 9:11).There for many people in this world wonder why GOD allows suffering.But when we read the book of (REVELATION 21:3,4) he gives us comfort + promises to eliminate suffering forever one day on earth.At ROMANS 15:4) it say's "For all things were written afortime were written for our instruction,that throught the comfort from the scriptures we might have hope".So lets not wait any longer and gain the knowledge as (JOHN 17:3) bring out.

The poorest countries in the world that are subject to intense wind storms (hurricanes, tornadoes) build their houses and buildings out of reinforced concrete.  Very little flying damage and people are safer. In this country we will continue to build with wood because it keeps an entire industry making money. Forget about people and property being safe and surviving these intense storms.

They should do a study to see why tornados target trailer parks whenever possible?

No way any debris traveled 220 miles from any tornado. Such a waste of money!

No need for research by scientists God is teaching you something and you are not listening you call your selves white and you are better you mock God with a pope and anything else you can come up with thats why the disasters keep coming at people like you for denying your blackness and god and forever preying on your brother with evil intent the only way to stop it is to change and read the bible the only history book in the world past present and future its all in there.useless data from the movement of the photo..without some kind of purposely chosen starting point for the study with some tracking technology this proves nothing.  it doesnt account for the fact that trash gets blown around, picked up and redeposited by a myriad of transport methods (wind currents not necessarily part of any storm, car tires etc)

Did anyone get picked up by a tornado and land in the land of OZ?:-D

Some debris fell to the left and some to the right? Profound findings indeed!!

Sometime  GOD wants panache bad pebble because they do allot of  sent sometime by tornado GOD can move the winds faster

Hi if you like to safe public from tornado study Islam and be updated in your religion to Islamand you will see granted GOD ( ALLAH ) will be happy  from you all

salam alekm

I was in Pleasant Grove, AL after the tornado to help with clean-up.  I will never forget that smell of dead bodies and hope I don't smell it again.  :(

I was in Pleasant Grove Alabama my house and hole block got wiped out it looked as some 1 cleared it to poor a slab of concrete on it thats how clean it was nothing i meen nothing was left it was so erie and sad over half of Pleasant Grove got taken out that day

there's a lot of other stuff from the tornadoes that is never recovered. The question is were these items destroyed? For example, the items that were in the Hobby Lobby Store in Tuscaloosa Alabama when the Tornado hit on April 27, 2011.

Ever notice that the only things standing after a tornado are the foundations and anything that was made of brick or concrete block.  It's a shame that Americans can't afford to build their houses our of brick like most other major countries do.