Good luck against the racist bungling incompetent Mugabee.

Zimbabwe is an absolute basket case. Formerly called Rhodesia, it once was the pearl of Africa and exported food all over the continent. Now it can't even feed it's own people. The former Prime Minister, Ian Smith, must be spinning in his grave.

Thanks to the boorish kleptocracy and brutality  of black rule in Africa,their people suffer.

Mugabe will never let himself be voted out. The people are going to have to forcibly remove him and his henchmen.

looking at the above photo...I didn't know they were air dropping KFC into zimbabwe

#$%$ is with all of these Yahoo stories about Kenya and Zimbabwe? Nothing new here....they have always been unimportant #$%$ holes.

"The new constitution allows for more democratic reforms that would curb long entrenched presidential powers and punish perpetrators of human rights violations".And I'll bet the new constitution, should it be approved, will be ignored by the Zim government, just as the previous constitution was.

Zimbabwe, the country where inflation is illegal.

I think it was their former leader who said, some people just aren't ready for democracy.  The last time they had reforms and elections, they voted for Mugabe.  This is what they wanted, self rule.  They got it...enjoy! I bet the ones old enough to remember would love for the good old days of Rhodesia! You know, when they could eat and not have to worry about being killed violently by a machete.

...'And I agree with some of the previous comments; Our boogie man in the white house needs to send a few billion of our tax-payer dollars to these relatives of his over there.The problem with Africa (that I've noticed in my two years there) is the type of man that can win a revolution is not the type that can lead a country.  Ironically the brutality mindset it takes to win freedom is the same mindset that restricts it when in power

Does anyone really believe any of those people have "freewill"?So therefore what are the voting on? ...What they have been conditioned to think is true and right.

There's only one thing that can bend the minds of these devils, and that is when the witch doctor puts a piece of human flesh on their tongues and it melts in their mouth!

No fighting in Zimbabwe unless it a tribe of wild apes out to kill white farmers and let the land go back to desert.

@Charlotte- you really are charmer in the mould of one Galicula, Pol Pot, Idi Amin, Adolf Hilter, Stalin, Kim Il Jung and other horror clones..only difference is no one and NO ONE knows you exist and this thank god allows the world to continue spinning on its axis. What wretched witch you are, do you also eat small babies in addition to getting orgasmic when killing cats and dogs?

I just wonder how much food stamps and welfare those africans get.That is the biggest reason why blacks here, while complaing about equal rights, will NEVER return to their roots.