It has nothing to do with the USA and we need to keep our nose out of it.

These people sound like they have been a terrorist group in the past.

Well these guys sound like an interesting group. Iranians who can't go back to Iran and whom the Iraqi's have no use for;"The group opposes Iran's clerical regime and carried out assassinations and bombings in Iran until renouncing violence in 2001. It fought in the 1980s alongside Saddam Hussein's forces in the Iran-Iraq war." So, does anyone really know exactly what these 3000 souls want or where they want to go?( Iran obviously is out of the question.) are they pro-west or just another bunch of islamsit looking for a new place to bomb? Anyone havbe any info-first hand on these people? I';; belive what I hear far sooner than what I read.

Gobadi..lesson number one..don't bite the hand that feeds you.

Spent a lot of time on this base, hard to believe it is inhabited by Iranians now.

very dangerous cult , don't bring them to US.

Obviously they want to go only to decadent, infidel Western country instead of one ruled by religion of peace.

The tunsians will kill them if they relocate there.The americans and iraqi will kill them if they remain where they are. what to do with them. dereligionize them and turn them loose in th ewilds and let em go after irians

These people are TERRORISTS and consider anyone that disagrees with their cult to be an enemy. I hope they never reach the US.

East Oakland Calif has that many empty homes for them.Iraq on Iran violence!!!!  Let's stay on the sidelines and take bets, instead of getting into it!

Albania or a US military base, tough decision.

Well they're definitely showing they have no idea because Albania is a great country and as long as it stays out of the EU will continue to grow and prosper.

btw , they have killed around 60 american in 60s and 70s , and for some reason we have forgotten about it.

ship them to Detroit and tell them they can have it

These people are Terrorists .  They have always during Shah's time, and now.  They fought with the enemy against their own people.  They will bring terror to the U.S. as soon as they set foot in this country.  They are a group of mentally sick and violent people who think the world is responsible to feed them and house them.  PLEASE DON'T LET THEM INTO THE U.S. OR ANY WESTERN COUNTRIES WHERE THEY ARE GRANTED FREEDOM AS THEY WILL ABUSE THIS FREEDOM TO TURN AGAINST THE PEOPLE WHO ARE FEEDING THEM.

this cult is as criminal as mullahs they kill cold bloodily they are remnants of pol-pot thinking and in future again resort to violence, they should be separated in groupsof utmost 7 and spread all over the world any country hosting this 3000 personnelwill be in danger, look at their disgusting scarves and clothes aren't they para-military?god knows how many innocents because of internal opposition to the group were tortured,killed and buried in Ashraf camp, for the sake of world peace segregate them and some how distribute them among many countries by this method free them from organizational terror and let them live quietly their lives to the end!!!

They are peace of garbage, they are terrorisr groupand a cult,thats why their leaders dont want them split up,because if they do ,they loose thier influence, these are traitors ,who helped sadam kill their own people.they killed americans,and killed the shia uprising in first gulf war,they dont deserve,anything but a traitors death,period

Interessante...

They Want To Destroy the Godless Satan of the United States ... They want to destroy our Way of Life.  Albanian Terrorists have placed a suitcase Bomb in Canada, in an attempt to infiltrate the bomb into the U.S.The mujahedeen are not an opposition group. They are according to the United States of America, terrorists.

Tribalist not good Baaaad

Only with more guidence from Russia, can peaceful and prosperious solution be meet.

force them to stay in one fish tank with mullahs.

bastered killed 4 americans during president nixon trip to iran. they are islamic socialism. they must be banned because they are terrorist and criminals. now that they had to denounce terrorism was due after 9/11 mandating! they are terrorist by heart. i was in iran at that time.

If they're opposed to Iran and Iraq is attacking their camp, I would believe they are sunni muslims, the same as bin laden, and they could very well want revenge on us. Bring them to the USA? No way! I think Albania has a large muslim population, let them have them.

this is the result of US and England crime to IRANIAN PEOPLE for last 90 year

After they have been used militarily and politically, they're affairs are left behind. The roles they have done in the Iraqi was were forgotten. Action has to be done to save these people or else they will will be wiped out or they will be forced to join the leftist groups for survival. Albania is a very good country, especially its leadership only they can't finance all those things needed because it has also a striving economy!

These are the group that strongly help the Dictators Moolahs came to power in Iran on1979.Then they wanted their share of government and the money of the oil but they were push to sideline and the fat one left Iran .they attack Iran side by side of Iraq army!!!The two group that are being hated by Iranian are this group and the Moolahs both. Shame on them who without any clear plan united to change the government of Iran with the support of the west and the USA under the so called human right....

These Guy's help the Mullas with the Iran's  revelotion during the Shah,As far as I know they are just like the Mullas.Albania loves muslim criminals &amp; terrorists