Yahoo, why don't you mention that he's a Democrat?????????????

Typical democrat

Maybe I misread the deal he got for 5 felons he pleaded guilty to and will recieve 1 year in jial and out in 8 months or less for overcrowding.Tell me it ain't so ma, and I thought Lohan got a cherry deal. I guess it does cost less than most thought for living the good life as politican in Kalifornia

Quoting the local newspaper, the Mercury News: "When Shirakawagate was just starting to hit the fan, the head of Santa Clara County's Democratic Party had a message for folks worked up over reports of County Supe George Shirakawa Jr.'s lavish spending on the taxpayer dime. Steve Preminger said then that the party would 'stand with George' if any charges were filed over using his county-issued credit card for jaunts to casinos, golf courses and upscale eateries." So it looks like Mr. Shirakawa might be a Democrat.

Political office voting ballots should state the years in office and years in Prison at election time.

S.O.P. for a demoncrat

A obese demoturd

he looks like he ate Gov Christy

Gambling with public funds is the standard since Public Employee Unions were allowed to collectively bargain.

If he was a republican, that's all you would be reading about.  Go figure, California hiding their sick and twisted democrat politicians.Since his party is not mentioned, he must be a Democrat.

What can you say another politician that took the plunge, and drowned.

a #$%$ holding public office........naw....say it ain't soooo....Joe

Imagine that a politician with a gambling problem.

Hang 'im high.  PS---say high to Blago in Hell.

Definitely, no mention of party? He's a Democrat! LOL!

May be he should plead insanity ! compulsive Gambling is a mental disorder !

Gambling addict pleads guilty to misappropriation of public funds to judge Pennypacker. Now THAT is funny. Hehehehehe

One less to go! who is next?

Hmm... Is there a liberal bias in the media?  Wow - Leave it to Yahoo news to NOT report what political party this #$%$ is affiliated with (I had to Google it - he's a Democrat).  If he were a Republican this story would be national news.