note to self: do not take a carnival cruise ship there either.

If we humans can get there, we can #$%$ it up.

When you start finding the "Bud Light" cans laying around you know you have a problem Houston.

My Dad went to Antarctica in 1955 and again in 1956. He was a US Navy Quartermasteron the USS Glacier. There was no radio contact with the rest of the world then.The Navy supply ships brought news from the outside world... I have all my Dads pictures that he took while there. What an awesome adventure he had back then...

I promise you, I will never go there.

I'll bet Roald Amundsen and his party left cigarette butts at The South Pole.

There are over 100+ countries in the world, only 28 agreed to have some rules in Antarctica and only 11 have established medical evacuation policies. No county wants to foot the bill for enforcement and only those who freely wish to conserve the area seem quite.It's clearly a place to be visited only by those that know there are risks. Don't over regulate the ice cubes and it will be fine.

Eh, if yuppies want to paraglide over an Antarctic waste, let them do it.  If they get stranded out there, let them die for it.  I never told them to go.  I like leaving those places alone.  We can eliminate stupid people naturally through Antarctic extreme sports.

Thank you, but no.  I'll take a vacation someplace I don't have to work so hard keeping warm enough not to die.

A few natural disasters in the area would curb the tourism problem.And the human virus spreads to another formerly pristine region to ruin it.  How long til somebody gets arrested for something stupid like trying to smuggle a baby penguin home as a pet?

"They paid for their own backup boat to rescue them in case anything went wrong."At least they had a backup plan, unlike all the idiots stateside who just "expect" to be rescued on the tax dime just to make a vid for their page ...,What's next, a "reality show" about surviving the antartic as it is destroyed by those partipaciants?

Tourist destination for the rich and bored.

That Carnival cruise doesn`t sound so dangerous now.....does it?

I think I shall go there when it is warmer.

The earth cannot comfortably support 7 billion homosapiens, especially at our technological stage. We're destroying pretty much every ecosystem in the world by contaminating them with unnatural chemicals that nature cannot easily rebound from being exposed to. It's really simple logic. 7 billion apex predators on earth. To maintain those numbers, said species has to use large numbers of artificial and toxic materials to sustain our habitations and food production. These materials however render our environments toxic and damaged.And yet we turn a blind eye, continue to engage in highly destructive practices for the sake of self advacement, thinking the worst will never happen. Make no mistake, we WILL face a gloal environmental collapse, we're all just hoping it'll fall on the NEXT generation, and we'll never have to go without the "birthrights" our minds have given us.

If you don't believe this article, look at what Mt Everest has become...  Perhaps this is inevitable, but it is nonetheless sad.

Yeah just give it time we will make a ch!t hole outta that place too...Humans are self centered pigs for the most part.

this place will eventually be trashed by all the trash that humans bring with them! only a matter of time!

The more tourists that die there through their own stupidity and/or by being eaten by sharks and the like, the better for all of humanity this will be.How stupid are we? Why can't we just leave it be and stay away? Is there nothing on this planet that we won't ruin?

Someone spotted a penguin with a cigarette in it's beak!

The world would be a better place without  pesky people.

We humans really need to keep our hands to ourselves and let the earth recover...

When you find nasty cigarette butts, empty water bottles, foil lined wrappers and beer cans then we have a problem, and this will happen because most wanna be explorers, thrill seeking people and the all around rubber necking tourist are the careless ones with regard to the pollution of the  environment.  Keep all of Antarctica off limits to the public and it will be safe from the invasion of stupid people.

I think if people go there, they should only be allowed there on a cruise, and NOBODY leaves the ship unless they can PROVE they are scientists with a reason to go ashore. With cruise ships in the area, China and Japan wouldn't be able to do the clandestine overkill whaling they enjoy now....

Stupid, pesky, humans! Who let them on this planet anyway?  Always wanting to live somewhere or go see some beautiful place on earth.  Why do they have to be born? (sarcasm) This planet was made for us to see. It will wear out however. Even the Bible says so.  We are the reason it is here. Enjoy it, but enjoy it respectfully.

Won't be long that place will be ruined, because of the dollar.

Wonder if anybody's ever got there freak on in Antarctica?  I would but I assume penguins are hard to catch.

Boats pollute water and air, and create the potential for more devastating environmental damage. -- I knew when I read that that we were dealing with environmental extremists here. One boat pollutes water and air in any significant way? I mean, I could see having a bunch of boats crash would spill fuel into the water, but I'm supposed to believe that basically any boat that goes to Antartica is destroying it?I think the guy at the end of the story pretty much had the right attitude. Be prepared for the lethality of Antartica, be responsible for your actions, be responsible for keeping the place in good condition, be responsible for any resuce attempts you think should be given you and their associated costs, and letting people experience it first hand is more likely to create advocates to defend it then forbidding anyone from going there.I hate it when it gets around 10 degrees where i live, so i will pass.

Were like the worst neighbor ever to every other animal.

Just a little too cold for me...

Just wait for the first tragedy brought on by greed and stupidity.

Can't we leave anything alone? For me, seeing those beautiful pictures is enough.

It's a sin, no longer pristine.  However, it is the enviornmentalists who are ruining it, so its okay.

Don't draw attention to it...if you don't want tourism

Same wealthy people who try and climb Mt Everest.  They just want the bragging rights!!!

One place I will never visit. I live in the Mid-West and I can't convince the weather I am not a penguin.

those evil, evil humansAnother spin job by the socialist liberal anti-business Obama-commies in the media who just want to ruin all the great high paying for Antarcticans. Oh, and they also just want to tax Antarcticans into slavery. I almost forgot that...

I'm putting the idea of going there on ice.

Designate specific areas for tourism and protect the important areasYou can't stop it so be proactive.

On top of all the hazards mentioned, should tourists wander into the secret Nazi base where they build and fly the flying saucers.....Well Who knows what might happen?

Breaking News:Buster opens another Hot Cat stand in the Antarctic.

Well, the ENTIRE planet was "pristine" until humans came along and effed it up.  And as long as there are more places to eff up, we'll go there and eff those up too.  We left a bunch of trash on the moon, and now Mars, remember???  NO BIG DEAL, IT'S WHAT WE DO.

Me and cold don't get along, but I like ruins, and it would be neat to visit the abandoned whaling station.  Just for a little while.

It may be hazardous but at least there are no Muslim terrorists or Mexican druglords

Where ever you let people go -there goes the ecology...

Humans destroy with their endless needs.Antarctica, the new hot spot, who would have guessed ?

Just leave Antarctica alone for the penguins.

I paraglide, but you will never catch me anywhere near Antarctica!

Here's a plan - Advertise a "Green" cruise on Carnival to Antartica only for environmentalists. Drop them off and leave them. It will be a real "Survivor". Pick them up in 6 months (the survivors) and see how they lived. They should appreciate modern ammenities like hot showers and grocery stores after the experience! Better yet, don't return to pick them up, just keep bringing more greenies until they overpopulate the place!

Why don't we just say "NO!"....only scientific study groups are allowed. You can parasail or dive somewhere else.  You really don't care WHERE you do that stuff, you just want to be able to brag you did it in Antarctica.

I'll stick to the Jimmy Buffett rule of thumb: "I want to go where it's warm!"

There goes the neighborhood.Why dont we just leave it alone? And why should rescuers risk their lives over and over, for the selfishness and stupidity of the adrenaline junkies?Its one thing if theres an accident,but when one of these clowns get stuck, in what is only inevitable in Antarctica,just to get an "adrenaline rush," then the rescuers ought to take their times getting there.Besides,only the rich,greedy pigs of society will be able to afford this,so,who cares...Good way to weed out the idiots,and have them make the roster of the "Darwin Awards."

This will continue until a cruise ship goes adrift for weeks like the Carnival Cruise lines ship did and everyone freezes to death before they can be rescued,,

I bet there isn't a single person that read this entire story.  Rambling bunch of BS!

too many people and not enough room for them to play can only lead to mass boredom, then they have hot wars to break the monotony...I'd rather vacation in Antarctica than on a Carnival Cruise ship.

Looks like and out board motor on that raft to must be protesting global warming.

You can get the same weather effect right here in Wisconsin

Some places just need to be left alone.

If you are sky/scuba diving in  Antarctica, chances are you wrote a last will and testament before making the trip-Why not make the most of the trip.

Just dont let American politicians make any decisions about this land and it will be ok.  I am so ashamed of our political system.

hahaha...Personally i think we should move all our long term prisoners there it's a fitting place for them!

I will wait for the ice to melt

Global dog racing is replacing global warming.

mmmmmmmmmI for one would like to see what's under all that ice...

Sooner or later, this environmental loony tunes, will make it a crime  to go to a national park, to go walk trails, camping, fishing and hunting.

where's Opus?

Leave it up to humans to go to the last clean places on earth and f(u)ck them up.

Is the guy standing throwing a Starbuck's cup at the iceburg?

Kim Kardashians vagina has over 35,000 visitors a year. It's not sleepy.

the human race and greed has found a way to FFFFFFFFFFFF up everywhere and everything on Gods good earth

Don't go blaming the tourists, the goverments from around the world has been destroying it for years.  They leave all their gargage, oil and gas drums, abandoned buildings and their contents inside when they leave.  Tourist know enough not to leave garbage and waste there.  Tourism isn't the only ships that pass that way.  I will be there in Dec. and plan on camping there for a night.  You leave only footprints, take out what you bring in.

ah the human touch as soon as the ice melts there 2 all 5 countries will lau claim 2 it4 its resourses and it will be another disater as greenland will be!!!!!! btw hope some sinks japans whaling fleet

so what its our planet. just try not to litter its the best you can doPeople with $ who have nothing better to do will do anything. For true adventure, visit Afghanistan.

It's not in-trouble until there is a McDonald's or Walt*mart built.

At Oslo in 1975, two topics dominated the eighth treaty consultative meeting : living resources and mineral resources . The meeting resulted in recommendations that panels of experts clarify the issues and identify areas requiring research. In July and August 1976, specialists were meeting at Paris and Woods Hole, Massachusetts, to develop a base for discussion at the 1977 treaty consultative meeting.These meetings point out two differences between Antarctica and most other parts of the world . One is that a long tradition of scientific inquiry has preceded envisioned commercial operations. The other is that the Antarctic Treaty is a ready enabling mechanism for internationally agreed limitations and environmental safeguards. The luxury has been time. As of mid-1976, pressures for exploitation have not outweighed deliberate progress toward rational solution of problems that have been felt so urgently in other parts of the world.

Beginning in the 1970's , the antarctic nations began complementary discussions of two issues that are familiar the world over : resource extraction and environmental protection. Environmental protection in Antarctica was a matter of great concern throughout the 1960's, and stringent measures were adopted to minimize the impact of research projects . But the need to discuss resource exploitation was new.In 1972, the treaty nations met in London to consider sealing. The meeting resulted in a recommended pact for the conservation of antarctic seals that severely limits the annual catch and prohibits taking of some species. Antarctic sealing was not taking place then and is not now.

At The Mountains Of Madness

After experiencing Antartica's harsh climate, tourists band together, give Antartica a spanking, and make it sit in the corner.

Doesn't anybody know how to spell anymore???

human egocentric narcissism never fails to astound me....we can never just seem to leave well-enough alone.

Why is the air thin down there? It`s at the bottom of the world,it should be thicker.

To much body heat melting the icehumans could screw up paradise .... oh wait , they did !!!!!!!

If the taxes get any worse in Florida, I might consider moving there

when will McDonalds be open?  Are there plans for a KFC?

"punishes"  (yahoo hook)You useless eco-tools at yahoo...  I despise you and you sophistry.

Hey they made their own arrangements for rescue. If I had that money, I might would consider doing it. Since I don't, I will stick to the old American road trip.

i go there for picnic and swimming all the time.

Antarctica is not a country, nor should it be at this time.  Government tries to control even things that it shouldn't interfere with because it has no jurisdiction.  If people want to go to Antarctica and visit or even settle it, they should be allowed to.  They know the dangers, and as no government should be able to stop them, no government is obligated to protect them either.  It's about freedom in the end...

When are developers gonna put in a resort, golf course, housing development, infrastructure, and mall?

This is eco-tourism. It has to be OK. No one uses carbon-based items to travel or play here.

Scientists are the Scourges of the Antarctic.In other words, the scientist and environmentalist elites resent losing their exclusivity and priveleged control over an entire continent, and have to rant about it to try to scare away the few tourists who show up.Get over yourselves.

We ruin everything...smh

It's cold enough for me up here in Michigan, thank you.

Who would want to vaction there? Place looks like ohio on a bad winter day. Its free to be cold here.

i guess the environmentalists will not be happy until humans no longer exist

Yikes!Ice scares me.*- When I was a puppy my Mom forgot that I was playing out in the yard my first winter in Allopath. When my Dad came out for his morning walk at 3 AM my wee wee was frozen to the concrete. Thank God for warm water.*I love my Dad – not always Mom.

Yea, its always been my dream to vacation with icebergs.

I think I'll stick my head in the freezer. It's cheaper.

This continent has no parking lots -let's keep it that way...!!

Here are some numbers to put this in perspective.  45,000 tourists a year means that there is one tourist in Antarctica every 12 minutes of the year.  Or, put another way, if all 45,000 tourists appeared at once, that would be one tourist for every 76,800 acres of land.  These are, of course, just averages, but I'm not going to worry about this one too much yet.Smoking outside? The horrors...

Recipe to trash something pretty - just add humans

ooooo people can not live in ant-Arc-tica. The lands all full in the earth.

Stupid tourists.  They even had to make a law to keep "mountain bikers" from destroying Ayers Rock in Australia.  They should put a bounty on people like that, and NEVER, EVER send people in to rescue them from their own ignorance.

I'm going down and trying  those "Penguin tidbits" everyone is talking about.mmm

Americans just have the need to resite  stories of horror and of braving the seviere elements, over cocktails at the country club are at a lavish party thrown for they exciting return to the real world.

good thing there are no indigenous people living there...  that way we don't need to masacre them to take their land and mineral wealth.

Can you imagine that Carnival Triumph thingy happening there? Hee Hee, That would've been a case of some Darwinian natural selection taking place.They would have towed back the Carnival "Iceberg".

i hope they find a hole in the berg an fall into it never to be found again..like a sink hole

sure, but it,s alright for researchers to go all around antartica and put up buildings. seems to me that with all the boats in the ocean that fish are ok .Liberals ruin everyplace they go.

Great. Now Antartica will turn into another Everest where selfish tourist leaves tons of trash behind them.

I highly recommend the book "South" by Sir Ernest Shackleton. Having no prior knowledge of the man and his story I was completely blown away by it. It is his personal account of perhaps the most heroic man against nature story in human history. One example of Shackleton's fortitude and endurance was the crossing of then unexplored South Georgia Island, of which he and two of his crew were the first men to do so. Using only a length of rope as their single climbing tool they made the treacherous climb across the mountainous island to a Norwegian whaling station. Others such as Jarvis mentioned above have crossed South Georgia with great difficulty using current maps and all the modern climbing tools available to them and even then some of them failed in their efforts. One experienced climber stated he didn't see how Shackleton could have made the climb at all, which is the highest  compliment of all to Shackleton's heroic achievement. I would love to tell you more but you'll just have to read the book.

Whether we're punishing Antarctica or spanking the monkeys, we're a kinky bunch.

Preserve our wilderness. Exclude humans.

All that static electricity and no cats to discharge it into.

The people from Whale Wars  contaminated Antartica!...How do you like them apples?!..Oh! Yeah!..

when a VURUS / BACTERIA ATTACHES to one of these PEOPLE ,its the END of the WORLD as we KNOW IT ..thats been laying dorment fo millions of years now rapid ..lets hope its RUSSIAN PUTS FIRST , for being IGNORANT

A good place to dump our nuclear waste

"...every footstep matters."The first Antarctic Marathon was held this year. How Ironic!Tourists are melting the ice?  Yeah, sure.

Well written article about Antarctica and tourism.  It's amazing that people think they can just go there and take up scuba diving and paragliding like it is just any other place on the planet. The severe weather, the cold and the pristine environment should make one just want stand in awe, reverence and wonderment of such a place on the planet instead of engage in potentially dangerous activities, smoking and getting too close to the animals.  But like the article said, most ships that go there are not ice strengthened to a high standard and due to the financial crisis, the tourist numbers are down.  Maybe that is a good thing.

Is there anything to see other than snow, ice and penguins ?

Hey, I'll do my part.  Antarctica has never been on my list of places to go.  Brrrrrrr....

No one owns Antarctica, don't let these enviro-scientist egg heads trick your mind and brain wash you.  They think they own Antarctica and feel no one but them can go there.  Screw them.  I read many comments already, they brainwashed you so fast and easily.

I enjoy watching frozen planet when the researchers are filming the Antartic and the wild life that inhabits the region (what few there are that can survive the extreme cold temps). However this is not one area of the world I would not plan as a vacation destination.

Can we drop off Al Gore and Barack Obama there and leave them for an extended vacation?

Antarctica is like any other land — it exists for OUR benefit, not the other way around.

Limit the number of visitors there yearly an only those that are experienced in survival in severe conditions, this is not a vacation place but an extreme wilderness that few are prepared for.

Personally, I think the EPA is getting way out of hand.This article is just needless alarmism. 35,000 tourists? Pfah. It isn't like they're dumping their garbage and having huge parties... LIKE ON MOUNT EVEREST!! If you envirowackos gave a damn, you'd say something about that formerly pristine area.Antarctica is a continent, not a resort.

easy to solve problem. only allow tourist to visit Antarctica  May through September when the temp is 60-100 degrees below zero

so when are these PIGS going to clean up Mt. Everest, they just leave everything a mess emtpy oxygen bottle and garbage - they should have too take everything back down and recycle it as part of the exploration - just my thoughts !

no rtescue operations for tourists. Scientists, yes, they are doing something. Let the tourists go.

I bet Antartica doesn't even exist. It's another hoax.

Only congress can go, that only right!

It won't be long before a Walmart open there, along the shore.....On sale today is Penguin food on aisle 5.

Thanks for ruining another part of the world, "adventure tourism" addicts.

Nasty, selfish, disgusting humans have to screw up everything they touch.

Seriously. yet another stupid article from Yahoo and the leftist enviromental wackos, that little bit of tourism isn't even a flea on Antartica's back, now if cities were built with populations in the millions maybe, but please give me a break.I myself take risk now and then and when fate slaps me in the face I know it was my own fault. But I would never hurt the environment or anyone else for a thrill. Enjoy life respect nature and other's that is the only way to go.

People who hide at antarctica will perish there.

We have to limit the population growth to keep the natural environment the way it is.

Never would I embark on a cruise to Antarctica.  Humans must leave some corners of this earth unclaimed.

But these tourists are good environmentalists trying to save the earth.  By definition any of their pollution cannot hurt the environment or the climate.

i hate the cold so i will never go there..

O.K., so who owns Antarctica?  Does somebody own the moon too?  Mars is "pristine,"  should we not go there because we'll get it dirty?  Is the entire universe some national park under the control of environmentalists?

humans just can't help but to f*** everything up can't they? No restraint.

I suggest real adventurers try modern day "urban" exploration. Wearing shorts with sandals and blacks socks,equipped with cameras hanging from their necks they would explore such locales as East LA, Harlem, Detroit after dark, etc. Any survivors would have quite a tale to relate.....

If at all possible we humans will find a way to use and abuse it until its gone. How sad!Only bored rich people would waste money and time going there.  Leave it to the scientists and keep the freaking rich spoiled tourists out.  Tell them to go save a freaking whale.

Well, I think I'll scratch it off my Places to See list.

got tired of reading. Very informative.

Didn't Kurt Russell encounter the thing down there?

To all you tourists - N. Korea sees the potential to nuking the place.  They have missiles capable of flying all the way there and their stealth bombers are already circling.  The doughboy considers all the white compeitition to his natural color.

Do not feed the killer whales!

of course the government idiots who are there in the thousands are doing NOTHING to harm the environment. it's the mean evil corporations which are to blame. typical leftist media propaganda doggssshitt-- great job yahoo

The lead in for this article said "How Tourists Punish Antarctica."But the article was more about the dangers that going to Antarctica presents to the tourists, with a little "we do not know how tourists affect..." thrown in for dramatic affect.Idiots.

Funny, I thought the wealthy needed tax breaks so they could invest in America.

enjoy befor you know it will melt away because of globle warming right alOnly SPECIAL PEOPLE , like the rich and famous should be allowed to go there ! (YEA RIGHT )

see it now --- cause it is going fast

If all the ice melts and all of the world begins to over heat then Antartica will be big enough to inhabit.

Much ado about nothing.

It's the Tourists that are warming up Antarctic and causing the Ice to Melt.

As long as they don't mess with the baby seal clubbing everything is OK.

At least there are no terrorists, drug lords, kidnappers, or pirates to worry about.

I heard  a horror story of a tourist leaving a candy bar wrapper on the ground!

It is also bad for Sports Illustrated Bikini models!!!!!!

Comments here seem to be negative! Maybe you should visit Antartica first. When I went in '06 it became the most wonderful travel experience I have ever had. We 'played' safe and did all one could do to minimize human impact. It felt like we had left Space Ship Earth on this visit and one comes away with a specil reverence for our planet.Hooters has a restaurant in the works.

All those foot prints on the show, what a global crisis!  What are they worried about, people might realize that its "NOT"melting?

I think the elite scientist should be the only ones allowed to see Antarctica. They should just send pictures of what they want us to see...

What good is an entire continent the size of Europe if it's covered under miles of ice? I'm sure I'm not the only one who hopes the land thaws out and then can be more habitable for plant life, animal life and of course humans. The natural resources alone will be worth it.

I think we need to build resorts out there!

The assumption that all human activity is bad is fallacious.  There is far more penguin #$%$ than human.  There are far more dead seabirds than human.  As long as humans are careful and clean up after themselves, they should be welcome.  Nobody likes to see beer cans floating in the water.  Anywhere.

id rather book a trip to the kaley cuoco

So a small group of intellectual idiots will determine who and what goes where. screw that, I will go where I want - thank you.

Another depressing story of over population and our eventual self demise.

These people should be required to take out "rescue insurance".  How many thousands does it cost when they get stranded in these remote places?why the #$%$ would i go there!

Haha....Truth of the matter is McMurdo Station has been polluting the waters of Ross Sea  for years i worked down there in 2001 they didn't have water treatment facility all the raw sewage was dumped into the ocean yet you can't even take a volcanic rock home with you?

Okay, so I guess I'm the only one that had the thought: "There's tourism in Antarctica?"

Global warming huh?...Evidently the ice hasn't retreated enough to prevent Jarvis and his party from almost freezing to death

"Boats pollute water and air, and create the potential for more devastating environmental damage" - the article stated this right after letting us know how the scientists and researchers were down there and have been for close to 100 years.  But yea, it's OUR fault now, the tourists are just too much, huh guys?  What a bunch of self entitled pompous jerks researchers and scientists can be.  Get your own butts out of there if its so heavenly and important to preserve the nature there...

Not my first choice for a travel destination

The teeming waters around Antarctica may be a new source of food. The shrimp-like krill, food for whales and other animals, is estimated to have a sustainable yield of 100 million tons a year. This amount exceeds the current world marine catch of about 70 million tons a years. Already, ships of several nations are harvesting experimentally. " Ocean paste, " a tasty and protein-rich extract from krill, has found acceptance in Moscow households.Right now, the only paying enterprise in Antarctica is tourism. At least two ice-strengthened passenger ships make regular runs to parts of coastal Antarctica during the austral summer Scenery is the primary motivation , at present, for nonscientists to visit Antarctica.

I'd drain that #$%$, put up some heat lamps and have Monster Truck races!

it would be a great place  for gays to move to to have thier own country,, it could be called homoslavia,and the rest of us would not have to hear about thier personal lives and problems every damned day of the year,,

i want a condo there"And anti-whaling activists lost a boat that collided with a whaler in 2010."  Deliberately ramming ships in the Antarctic is not very smart.

I had no interest in visiting before this article and even moreso now after reading it. I've decided to never visit anyplace where there aren't American doctors/hospitals in close proximity or at least a SHORT plane ride away.

If peopl do stupid things we should not rescue them. Look at what it has done to the Gene pool.

I agree with Jarvis if you are fortunate enough to go go.As far as anyone knows it may well improve the eco system. Some people can stand it if their not in control.

another way that people #$%$ everything up.

No doubt, the only people who can financially afford to take a trip to Antarctica are the wealthy.  When the place is trashed and polluted I hope the media indicates that is was the wealthy A-Holes of the world who ruined the place.  Us poor people are saving every penny we can in the hopes that,  some day, we can afford to take our family to the local Amusement Park if we're lucky.

If it is pristine and natural, humans will fix that.

" Man was nature's mistake. She neglected to finish him and she has never ceased paying for her mistake. "  Eric Hoffer, American Writer 1902 - 1983

Now I understand why Carnival Cruise ships don't cover this destination!

That's bull#$%$ about Antarctica warming.  They have record sea ice there this year &amp; most of the continent experienced below average temps for the year. Southern Hemisphere Sea Ice has been increasing for the last 30-40 years.  If you don't believe me search NSIDC Southern Hemisphere Sea Ice Index.  The statements about the Antarctic warming were either said in ignorance or intentionally to support an agenda. Maybe you'll see why some of us who actually know the climate &amp; climate history get tired of this #$%$.Hey, if the Sea Shepard idiots can get through year after year without pulling a Titanic....

Yahoo home page got all screwed up because of all the visitors. Maybe if the tourists go away we can have the original home page back. The new one kind of sucks, still.

If you love nature, then don't visit sensitive areas, such as the Galapagos and Antarctica.Every human visit takes its toll.

It can be a nice place to get away from annoying broads for a little while, since chicks seem to think that any weather below 75 degrees is freezing.

Mankind is ruin everything till they the ruin the environment, and then mankind is ruined,.....AMEN !!!

does it make anyone else want to take  a swim!

"they're breaking the rules, right and left, smoking and getting too close to the animals."It's OK. The animals are of legal age and are permitted to smoke. Of course, they have to smoke outdoors...no...wait...

Global warming in action. Ten or twenty years ago they would never have been able to make this trip, now it's a cruise.

You can't go to Antarctica any time of the year because its upside down.

If it can't be enjoyed by humans what good is it? I see restricting things to people with PHD's and those with connections as a form of elitism.  I hate this "you can go and enjoy this but I can't" attitude.Whaling and anti-whaling activities are not tourist activities. As usual Yahoo reporters can't maintain a thought and focus for more than a paragraph or two.

Why don't people just leave it all to the polar bears? It's just not worth risking your life over.

Tourist wll use it for a urinal...as they do everywhere else.

Humm, human beings always pose a big threat to nature despite they belong to it.

I'm glad no location is exempt from humans screwing it up, as that would mean we had foresight and were able to learn from history. Soon we'll have Hilton - Antarctica, and you'll just need to walk past the huge refuse pile in the back to see the native habitat. Then you can hand feed the penguins, or #$%$ a penguin and feed it to a Leopard seal!

I would like to buy land in Antarctica because sooner or later someone will slip up and let it out that there are huge huge reserves of oil and precious metal down yonder.  It's the next North Dakota.

come on down to honest E's used igloo sales, we've got condo igloo's, town house igloo's, 1 stories &amp; 2 stories, moble home igloo's for the trailer park trash, rec. vehicle igloo's so you can travel, &amp; just on the market the Victorian Igloo, &amp; for the back woods type the log cabin igloo complete with an outhouse igloo, at Honest E's we skrew the other guy &amp; pass the savings on to you - for the next 100 buyers will throw in a free attack/guard penguin. dont delay avoid the rush

Well, if the tourism industry was controlled in Antartica by the USA, it would be as boring as hell. "Don't this", "Don't that", "Prohibited this", "Prohibited that", and there will be (obvious)stupid safety labels all over: "Warning: the snow is cold", "Danger: the ice is slippery", "Warning: you can fall into the cold water and drown". Because only Americans need labels like those... When I go to Niagra Falls I always cross to the Canadian side, where you can touch the river water with your hand by extending your arm over the little fence right in teh corner of the horseshoe falls. In the American side the fence is like 6 feet tall, 20 yards away from the river, and don't you even dare to get close to the water, or some security guy will come to fine you.

In 100 years from now Antarctica will be the site of large freshwater ice mining operations where ice is harvested and placed into "water tankers" larger than oil tankers today and shipped to cities around the world. Water docks will replace oil docks, water purification plants will sprout like refineries. The seemingly boundless supply of ice will support the freshwater needs of billions of people world wide.

Forget the Carribean or Hawaii.  Let's vacation in Antarctica!  We can go iceberg climbing, ice skate on a glacier, go penguin watching.  And, instead of a nice dark tan, we can watch our skin turn blue from frostbite.  Sound like fun?  LOL.So what is the solution, not letting anyone visit the continent other than those who are studying it?  I think not.  The vast majority of the people visiting the continent are very responsible individuals and the tour operators are of the same ilk.

The earth has managed to get along quite nicely, thank you, for a good long while without the help of fake scientists like the enviromentalists.

If given enough time, humans will ruin every single place on this earth.

Leave it to Humans to screw up absolutely EVERYTHING.

Humans have gone too far. Whats wrong with a little get away to Spain or Italy or the Islands, or South America or just right here at home.

The number of tourist should be limited, and use a lottery system to chose who gets to got there. What you carry in you carry out. We have national parks that operate like this, the parks stay clean and not herds of people there.

Everyone wants a look at an iceberg before there gone

The only people having a concern are the elitist wackos who want to keep the place to themselves without  peons, rich or otherwise actually being able to visit.  After all it is a whole continent bigger than Europe with people on a part of it the size of New York city.   The same types infest the Sierra Club which used to represent people who actually wanted people to visit and enjoy the wilderness. Today the Sierra Club is run by a bunch of elistist white wackos who want the wilderness for themselves.

The ENVIRONMENTALISTS  should be the ONLY PEOPLE not allowed to go there !

Waiting for Obama &amp; Pelosi to propose new regulations for Antarctica that require more taxes....If the United States politicians could find a way to place a head tax on any who venture past the 60 degrees latitude tourists would be welcomed in droves.

Leave nothing but footprints - take nothing but pictures. Remember that?

Okay,I promise I will not visit Antartica.

Are they trying to imply only govt funded scientist's  get to have all the fun? NASA hated the first  civilian space tourist,

anyone get eaten by a "friendly"-polar bear lately......?

Everybody is a snowbird in Antarctica.

'Germany company'...??

Maybe there are some places on earth that tourists with all their diseases and filth should just leave alone and stay away. They have ruined Mt Everest with their canisters and trash.

Here's the rub,Stanley.If you don't let the masses in, they won't support defending it.Just like our national parks, total irony.

Rules should be followed for your ownsafety people!!!!Some people ar just stubborn, ignorant and selfish, plus they harm others with their stupidity of not following rules!It's like seeing a wonderful pattern of ice crystals on a frozen puddle, that you only see just before you step on it, crushing it forever.

Penguin Tarts™.  They're not just for breakfast anymore.  In your grocer's freezer.

if i wanted to see a huge block of ice i'll goto  the local ice house and throw it in my pool.. done

Everything humans touch, they ruin. When the planet dies it won't be from a natural cause like a meteor or something like that.. It will be humans that finish the planet off.

I was going to go and visit...plans got put on ice.

Give me a break!!  These environmentalists are pathetic.  Can you imagine  less the 50 thousand people visiting a year visiting  an area the size of mexico and The USA combined?  get over youselves already!

reminds me of Hoth

put a toll gate up and people will stop going to auntarticle

Lucky enough to have gone to Antarctica... even luckier to be on a small boat, not a 'cruise boat'... funny thing, as you got off the boat and onto the Zodiak, you were required to 'wash' your boots... upon returning, you also had to rinse down your boots - what is to say that the seed isn't on my parka?  Seems like such weak tactics to use IF you are truly trying to protect the area.  PS - penguin poop stinks to high heaven, that's all I'm saying.

Check it out before it is gone!It's ok to get killed on a personal adventure.

I seem to remember reading a report a few years ago that said the Antarctic sea ice was expanding at the rate 100,000 square KM/decade when did it suddenly become the fastest melting place?Oh wait we aren`t meant to actually read scientific papers for ourselves just listen to the soundbites and cherry picked quotes taken out of context.

"It's a pity we live in a world that's a little bit overregulated in many respects,"I agree completely.

The last vestige of a pristine environment....that is why aliens do not want humans to venture to far into space...they do not want us to screw it up...man has the unique ability to take something nature spent millions of years on and really F*** it up......

Nuke it........

They should build some motels and a walmart there, put in some roads too. This is the twentyfirst century, no one should be cold or hungry.

This is such B......S.........

Our extinction should solve the problem...

My sis in law went there like 5 years ago and the rules were pretty strick of what they could do while ashore viewing the wildlife.    All these clowns that want to go and turn it into Disney land are ridiculous risk takers.  The reason as always "because it is there and because I can."Another problem is the lives and resources put at risk when some idiot gets in over their head and needs a rescue.

Yeah, those tourists flocking to the Antarctica will definitely screw up the environment.i am sure that global warming is inducing these tourists to visit antarctica. or at least the republicans are forcing them to do it,

One effect of increasing technology and knowledge, so use them wisely.

We need an International treaty to bad the general (dumb #$%$ public) from the Arctic.

Who will the rescue tourist when they get into trouble? Who will clean up the trash tourist leave behind?

The sacred lands of Earth become just another place to goof around.

Sounds like a gnarly place for some rad snowmobiling!!

Humans suck.

Look out for any strange husky dogs walking around by themselves up there. It might not be a real dog!

As long as it's not on a Carnival cruise, they should be fine.

Leave it up to human curiosity+greed+ 'just cuz I wana DO this' = one more place on our deteriorating once pristine planet to environmentally screw up.To environmental extremists, this issue is about control, and creating a niche for themselves.  Not to mention, seeing affluent tourists swarm all over their private playground is very irksome for them.

Just another article written by a government shill. Why not talk about the polution from the secret government installations? Are they afraid that some tourist will stumble upon them?

The problem is that the scientists think that tourists are nobodies and they are somebodies and the entire continent should be their private preserve.

Who said it was suppose to be safe?  Live it to the fullest!

It will never become a place for a big tourist boom.  The Air Force C-17 that flew me down for winter 2010 is the way to go.  McMurdo for 7 months during winter.  People have no idea how dangerous this place is.   The cold temps, the unpredictable weather are just a few reasons to carefully examine why you want to go there.   And more importantly there isn't any help close by.  It could be days or longer before you get bailed out if stuff happens.  Good luck.

Tell these folks mars is glorious place and we'll get rid of em.

Anna Kreisling and Adolf Hitler have opened up a Museum Tour of the Submarines used by the #$%$ in Antarctica. Visitors will also get to see the Flying Saucers used to fly food and supplies to the Nazi Moon Base. If you go on the Three Week tour you get to also spend time on the Moon!! My Aunt and Uncle tell me it is the best vacation they ever took!!!

Humans destroy everything they touch, drill baby drill!

Years ago, I used to go diving in a cove above Laguna. Back then, it was a semi-pristine landscape with coastal sage and wideflowers. The diving was great with lots of octopus and assorted California fish on the reef - all you had to do was take a gental rip current out a hundred yards and start your dive. Land developers got a hold of this prime real estate and turned natural beauty into a hillsides covered with homes and hotels. Water drainage from there delivers foul smelling run off. How long before Anartica is "prime real estate?"

Humans will kill this planet, one way or another. It's just a matter of time.Bad place for a Carnival Cruise Ship to break down

all the tree huggers don't want ANYONE but a few researchers ( and them) close to anything natural and beautiful. I understand the sentiment, but we ALL have the right to go and visit these places....if we can afford it, and really want too.

An epidemic is coming.  There are too many humans in the world and nature will once again find balance.  It will be a terrible thing and it will be a wonderful thing.

As soon as Holiday Inn builds a hotel and McDonalds opens a resturant then I'll start to worry about it.

I see a 9 year old kid is now going to run a Marathon in Antarctica. I worked there in the 80s and at that point there had been fewer than 10,000 people there, ever! 35,000 tourists a year now. Sad, for sure.

If you don't care to go, don't go. Problem solved.

And there is an aeons old deserted city beyond a certain mountain range in Antarctica that had best be left alone. The fate of human kind could hang in the balance!

Nuke the site from orbit and turn it go glass problem solved no more tourist and also get rid of those aliens underneath the ice. throw a few tsar nukes just to make sure.

My wife would cry if I bought her tickets for an Antarctic cruise.  They wouldn't be tears of joy either.

Let's take a Carnival Cruise Lines trip down there.  What could possibly go wrong?The climate makes if an unsafe place.

I hope we don't destroy the very thing that makes the place so beautiful.

Bet these greenies would have tried to stop Lewis and Clark too. These are the type of people that will build a giant house in the middle of nowhere 9Al Gore) and then try to stop any future development.

Japs stop killing whales! The Asians will eat anything and everything out of the sea!

In a remote, frozen, almost pristine land where the only human residents are involved in research, that tourism comes with risks, for both the continent and the tourists. Boats pollute water and air, and create the potential for more devastating environmental damage. When something goes wrong, help can be an exceptionally long way off.in other words, keep your #$%$ out of here until we find anything worth anything and get it out.

Someday all of humanity on Earth will be dead and the Earth will overturn EVERYTHING in Geologic processes - effectively melting down all of human civilization in lava and creating Igneous rock out of the entire surface.  Whatever species survive - survive. Those that don't, won't.  NATURE can not be "interfered" with by humanity. We can damage and destroy our own ecosystem but nature isn't phased by us in the least.  Everything burns in the end.  Our satellites will crash on the surface when they run out of fuel to correct their attitude and all of the politics, wars, cemeteries, buildings, wedding rings, ipads, smartphones, airplanes, cruise ships, automobiles, railroad tracks and various marks of our existence will be ERASED.

I wouldn't be caught dead there.  Even Toronto's too cold for me.

trust fund baby adventure tourists are dying on an iceberg? hmm. I wonder what Miley Cyrus is up to?

Just like all the idiots who try to climb Everest every year

You can blame Sports Illustrated.God forbid Yahoo would mention the companies that promote responsible tourism and have the strictest eco-protection rules on the planet out of respect for the continent.  You'll find, if you actually do a bit of research, that it is a great majority of all the Antarctic operators that follow this type of ethic.  Exactly where does Yahoo get this information?

humans slowly breed, consume, destroy and move on all the time.  We are disgusting.You know what else does that?  A virus.  The only way we can survive is to...spread..to another area.  We are a cancer of this planet.

Seems like it's pretty easy to control tourism there - stop bringing people there.  Simple, easy, done.

Just stay home and mow your lawn.

The only people that should be there are researchers, scientists and the rest of their like brood, us regular civilians have no business seeking adventure there.

This is our world.  We can choose to live in it, or maintain it as a kind of museum.

the kiss of death.

people climb mountains because they are there so people will visit antartica for the same reason.

So they get a committee of people from 50 countries together, non of whom has any ownership or financial interest, to run Antarctica.  They wait a few decades and those people now figure that the place isn't being run well enough to allow tourism.  The problem isn't with the tourists...  It is with the people who are running the place.

They left out the most obvious way to punish Antarctica:  Put it in time out and make it go sit in the corner.This "tourist destination" is being ruined by the "tree huggers, and nature lovers" nobody else goes there, and they are now the one responsible.

We are concerned about Antartica?We are driving our children into bankruptcy and "dependency slavery" and we are worried about Antartica?Amazing how self destructive we are....

Mountain out of a mole hill.

See it now while you can.

I am just looking forward to having the moon made into a tourist site. We can fill it up one summer with all the jackasses and then just leave them there.

So, the United Nations "owns" the antarctic? Since Obama is sympathetic to this corrupt organization, you can bet we'll see more of it in our business. He'll probably get them to take our guns as a first step.

it would seem that if a lot of you had your way we, the human race, never would have left africa

He yrod=you forgot new schwabenland and the major nazi base under the icethat beat the #$%$ out of the us navy and army under the direction of adm byrd-op highjump 1946    hello  rod r u there-o just more presstitute nwo #$%$ for the flouride drinkers and gmo eatin soon to be dead slaves

Another zombie apocalypse article for the sheep to bleat about...

I guess this is what the global warming freaks call AGW.  What a joke, if they can't scare you into believing them, they will ruin your vacations as well.  There is nothing man can do to destroy Antarctica.Well when  antarctica disappears then they will all scratch their rectums wondering why.

freakin yahoo--this story reeks--another greenie weenie

33,000 tourist a year is going to pollute Antartica  yea !  I don't buy that BS who is trying to become a Billionaire now, how many people out of those 33,000 would even step out of their cabin on a cold day

just one more place for humans to f up my but were an arogant bunch

People want to see this place just to say they have been there....  Just leave it alone!  If you want to see ice go to Alaska or Canada... or Northern Minnesota!

These people just want to keep everyone else out so that they can have their own private playground in the name of science.  It's the same all around the world.  We are being locked out of more and more "PUBLIC" land in the name of conservation so these tools can have it all to themselves.

People are pigs and most do not care what they leave behind as long as they had a good time and lots of pictures to send on the iPhones.

A good place for the new Obama library...

Another great piece by the eco-journalists at yahoo... NOT!

For the sake of the Environment, I would not go there as a tourist to pollute the waters there!Take a 7 night 8 day  Carnival cruise there &amp; die of frost bite before help arrives.

Blame THE THING on that!!!! Oh, and the fact that cruises aren't so groovy anymore ;-)

So if someone wanted to build a little lodge, B&amp;B or casino and open for seasonal business - who would they talk to and how would they set this up?

Get your friken jollies somewhere else. Damn IDIOTS.

Sight seeing on a remote island off Palmer Peninsula is OK, but the adventurous stuff should be banned.  And, absolutely no oil drilling.  Antarctica belongs to the penguins.

LOL...looks like the environmentalists are unhappy because they thought they had a continent all to themselves

breaking news:and the President of Antartica prohibits excessive tourism on,in,or near icy country:well it could have been,but some wannabe Dictator fell asleep as the icebergs floated by his fingertips.

This was a very long article on a subject I honestly care little about.

Global warming. After it all melts there will not be near as much trash in the water as the Japan tsunami created.

Thanks to NatGeo and the Discovery planet, the "rising of awareness" has naturally gone to the next level...going there. Do we really need to "go there?" Its just one more place to ruin.In reality the earth will eventually be burned up by the sun. So what if we just help it along. We will all be dead someday.

If you are born in Antarctica, what would be your citizenship?

I read some of the replies and the truth is , we are just to many people on this planet .

It sounds like something beautiful just waiting for man to destroy it !

Did you know that penguins have funerals? When a penguin dies, the others put him into a crack in the ice. Then they all stand around and sing,"Freeze a jolly good fellow".

I've traveled on every continent except Antartica and have no desire to go there.  I do not like being that cold.

Rules (LAWS) are in place, but not inforced!  Sounds like the U.S. with all its laws that are in place, but only inforced if it pleases and helps the Local, State and Federal Governments.I thought that Antarctica was restricted to only scientific research anyway.  It always amazes me how the mighty dollar can change laws that are in place to protect such areas.

No refrigerators needed in antarctica

start carving it up and selling 1/4 acre lots. most of the ice will be gone soon and it will be prime real estate.

No wonder its melting. lolI think tourism will be the eventual undoing of Antarctica.  Human beings do not belong there, cause if we did, we would have settled on it thousands of years ago and had been living there when it was "discovered".  I think a treaty is in order to ban all humans not engaged in scientific research from that continent, so its habitat and wildlife are left "unmolested".  And those who are caught violating that treaty would be fined and jailed, "automatically", no trial, no defense!  If you're not supposed to be there, there is no defense!

Too cold for me.Keep it.

Let the greens have this one.  No tourists.

sounds like the artic and anartic regions have their own way of dealing with tourism and idiots! it just takes them!

I HIGHLY doubt people that pay thousands of dollars to see Antarctica go there to trash the place.  You enviro-wack nuts really need to get a life, and stop trying to make everyone else so miserable

I'm not real sure that people taking pictures is killing the enviorment.  They guy that complain so much about tourist is the guy that is doing the most damage.

Antarctica, hey let me save you the cash with a tip, I'm in North Dakota come on up. Its mid-March and were expecting 8 inches of snow today...someone call Antarctica to take this #$%$ back...I've had enough of it!

South pole has penguins, no bears, north pole has bears no penguins. Damn cold!, give me a warm water remote beach any day.

My guard unit from NY goes there every year in supoort of the National Science Foundation.  We are usually done on the "ice" for more than 30 days at a time.  It is very desolate and you will go out of your mind after awhile, you can only watch/read some many DVD's and books!  The trip down there is long and tiring also.  People back here don't know what cold is , even in the summer time it's cold.  It's now like you have a hangar to work on the aircraft, everything is done outside.Then if there is a medical emergency, the least amount of time to get medical attention is a 6 hr flight....I don't know why some one would want to go there for vacation!!!

I need a bucket with a hole in the bottom.  It is getting to full with places I want to visit.I have heard so many awesome things about Antarctica by people who have gone. Now I do really want to go!!

LOL - Yeah right, tourists are evil, while scientists are holy.  Give me a break.  Ifscientists can spend time down there in permanent structures, using modern technologystay warm and get around, tourists certainly won't be that hard to manage.  Everyonethinks it's the other guy that leaves the footprint.  We all leave footprints!!!  And thescientist's paws are no holier than ours.

What good is it to have such pristine beauty if a few thousand people can't go to experience it and let the rest of us know what it is like.  If there are abuses that cause harm, let it be known.   Humans have populated this world for a long time.  Nature adapts.

Is this the beginning of the Antarctic Death Zone such as the one around Mt Everest?Will the world watch as people perish in groups that did not fully prepare for the climate going on nature walks.

let all the whaling boats go down!

So if I visit I will see cigarette butts and McDonald wrappers in Antarctica. I can go to Detroit or any major city in Tennessee to see that!

You could just go to Cleveland in February. Lot closer, way cheaper......

Wonder how many things in the "well-stocked gift shops" say "Made In China"?

How many Indians were killed with one sneeze?

If it can be polluted or destroyed, give it a little time and we humans will get around to it.  Maybe it's a good thing that we can't make it to Mars?  Btw, we need to retrieve the stuff we left on the moon.  I hear our flag fell over anyway.You know. I heard tourism to the moon has been down lately as well. I am not sure why. It is not quite as desolate as Antartica.

There should be a worldwide BAN on humans other than scientists, from visiting or landing in Antarctica,  truly the world's last frontier. It should be left soley for the wildlife... and corporations in particular should keep their grimey, greedy hands off any natural resources. Could you imagine what an oil spill the likes of the gulf coast would do in the frigid waters of Antarctica and its wildlife. You cannot leave anything in the hands of man... man is the most destructive force on this planet. Look what is happenig to Africa's wildlife by poachers... they are being killed onsite to save those beautiful animals. The world's military should impose a quarantine around Antarctica with orders to stop ships from  getting anywhere close to the waters of Antarctica. The Japanese are have been violating the whaling ban in the southern waters off Australia under the ruse of science. Science doesn't need to slaughter 900 whales a year for science. Gas would not be cheaper if we let coporations destroy this pristine environment to get ANY oil that MIGHT be there. Enjoy Antarctica, its wildlife and all its splendor that professional film makers risk their lives to capture through their lense and bring  into the comforts of our homes.

people have ruined everywhere on earth with there infestation of trash and self serving tourism, nowhere is safe from rich #$%$ who are bored and want to ruin a pristine environment.

I bet that the organizers cannot wait to destroy this refuge with people.

why can we not leave untouched areas of the planet untouched? we are so selfish.

Just leave Anta alone, guys. I don't want the possibility of a pyramid and a ruptured rib cage to be discovered.

Love to see it one day with proper treatment and respect, and hopefully with no fast food wrappers or someones lost corpse. What are people thinking? This isn't disney land.

This is the real reason that you see ice shelves breaking off and rising sea levels, and etc.. It is not the algore Global Warming myth, it is people screwing around in areas that are supposed to be left alone. This is the reason why the ice in the North Pole is melting so fast. Ice Breaking Ships keep crushing up the ice and these "scientists" keep picking away at the ice shelves on Greenland. LEAVE S**T ALONE!!!!

People ruin everything on this planet.

Not gonna lie though; it'd be kind of cool to say you've been to antarcticaThat was a good story.....they use the word "the" 87 times.

Is there anything that humans touch that isn't destroyed?

The last vestige of pure earth is now gone! The rich and bored will make sure that this is going to be a cesspool in the next few years. We as humans are destroying this planet at a rate that most do not want to acknowledge, but we are destroying it! No, I am not some tree hugging Liberal that wants to sit around and sing "Kumbaya" all night, but just someone that realizes that our only planet is on the fast track to demolition! I have seen the destruction in just my 60 years on earth. Go ahead and give the thumbs down. This is the same as burying your head in the sand. I just feel so sorry for my Grandkids that will inherit what we have left behind. It won't be much, but it will be the legacy that we have left for them.

I really wish we could just leave that continent alone. It's so unique in its beauty. And now we come along and pollute it.

Sounds like a great place to build a federal prison!  Send all the hardened criminals there to clean up after those nasty tourist!!

I collect ice....Diamonds!!!!!

I guess i will not expand my ice cream business there

"50 countries that share responsibility through the Antarctic Treaty to set rules to manage tourism, but little has been done. An international committee on Antarctica has produced just two mandatory rules since it was formed, and neither of those is yet in force."Well that's no surprise! We only have a little over 500 people in our government to make decisions and they can't do it. How could 50 seperate countries make a decision!!

Next we will be hearing that they have built a '''Walmart-Mcdonalds-DD-and 7-11 there!

Check out the article "Should Natural Resources Be Mined in Antarctica'? Check out the debate on Helium.I've been staring at a ice cube and a fly on my kitchen table for 6 hours.  Just doesn't seem the same as visiting the south pole.

What that place needs is a McDonald's...

Don't be so concerned.  The world has been in extence for BILLIONS of years.  I'm sure the world will servive the human race.  Its bigger then we are.  it knows how to reinvent itself.  All that happens is supposed to happen.  Go back to sleep and listen not to those scientists who look to further their research through fear.  FEAR rules the world.  Fear in religion, fear in government, fear at work, money fears, health fdears, etc.,m etc., etc.  Kick back and enjoy today.  Tomorrow will fend for itself.  Its God's world and he knows how to fix things.  Not to say is isn't disgusted with what he sees but this whole thing is much bigger than us.

No, but it's ok to go disturb the dust on mars with a rover roaming around and create footprints.... exploration comes at a price....period, get over it.

We need to reduce the human population to about 400,000 . And keep it there.

mankind won't be happy untill we trash 100% of the planet

No place on this planet is sacred anymore. Bloody tourists...

devastating environmental damage....if you believe this you are a fool

Hmmm

More panic and hysteria from the tree hugger sect; ie, The Chicken Little Foundation.The south pole is 9300 feet, 3 skydivers failed to open there chutes becouse of lack of oxygen.How high did they jump from? If they started from 20,000 they should have revived before hitting the ground.Also no rescue facilities near by? Duh. if I want to take a chance doing somthing I want to do it is my risk.No one relly has any right to say you cant do that becouse you might get hurt.

keep Carnival and their pooppots out of there!!!

Man that place sucks!

Just finished reading the book "Where'd You Go, Bernadette?" and it made me want to take an Antarctic adventure of my own. Unfortunately it is very expensive to travel there. Awesomely fun book by the way.

Kick the #$%$ whalers out of Antarctica waters.

Thank God there is still, as always, a 2 mile thick ice sheet covering Antarctica, despite all the global warming, or climate change, or global freezing, or impending ice age (like was the big worry in the late '70s), or penguin retaliation that science swears must be studied at taxpayer expense.

for your ice only..lol...coolest continent..so watch your steps against frost bites..lol.

You can bet 16 billion (our national debt) that nothing will be done to curb the distruction of the environment. $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ talk

Screw the environmentalists...I'll  go where I want to go.

I have been to antarctica, anyone who goes there to ski or any other crazy sport is out of their minds.  It is a dangerous place with weather that changes quickly the seas can be wild, even well traveled scientist who know antarctica treat it with the greatest respect.   People who go there to play deserve what they get.sounds like a great vacation;sub zero temps;white outs;whats wrong with Disney?just sayin......

Won't be happy till we #$%$ all over that continent too.

Well of course we're going to destroy Antarctica, that's what humans do. Just look at Mount Everest, there are piles of trash and abandoned camping gear which have been ruined by storms, and frozen sewage all up and down that mountain now. And the land speed record they're going to try and set on a desert in South Africa, that's because the Bonneville Salt Flats have been ruined by the same thing, and is all rented and not safe to run on anymore. Humans are the destroyers.

They mention the danger of cruise ships getting in trouble in that area, I thought of that immediately when I started reading!  Can you imagine something like the Carnival cruise ship problems happening down there? OMG it would take weeks just to get a tugboat down to them.

You just have to look at Everest to see how much trash we can bring to a remote area. I would love to see it but I will settle for pictures.

Ouch

We're a test. The human species has evolved to a point where we destroy what is good. We have failed misserably and at the rate of reproduction we will continue our destructive ways until nothig is left. Perhaps the next reality show should be apply named, "Planet Gone Wild".

Personally,,, Ice is Ice,, seen enough this winter, on the roads of the Mid USA. Don't have any desire to see any more, till next Winter.. if Then!   OK, If you wanna live on Ice,, You can Die on Ice capades!!!!! If man was meant to be ON ICE, His Flubber would have been increased, to his whole body, instead of just in his head!  HAHAHa  LOL

no need to worry about the exponential function.  we can keep up all of this consumerism based mentality into infinity, right?!?!  don't worry about the negative impact or consequences of our actions because instant self gratification is so much better?!?!  how much more deluded can you be?

The stupid humans will do what they want, if they damage and change the eco system, earth will have the final say, its the humans that will die of , earth will rebound eventually, when we are gone.Anyone so bored and jaded they need to go to Antarctica for vacation tours needs to get a new look at life, and do something productive with all that effort. Also, if they get into trouble on their "tour" they should be billed for the rescue, including hazard pay for the rescuers. (non payment should result in return to the site of the rescue, preferably by air drop.)

These LIARS are trying to protect the secret NAZI military base and space port built during WW2.  This is the very same base where Nazi scientists bargained with aliens for plans to build a new weapon to take over the world.  It was disquised as a car.  The Volkswagen!!!!!!!!!

I'll go when they have a tittie bars and an Amsterdam style hash-bar.

If there no McDonalds , or fast food or luxury hotels or golf courses , who would want to go there???

I smiled when I read about the anti-whaling ship sinking.

I'm hoping to go to Antarctica next year, but the expedition ship I'm looking at taking doesn't offer anything that would significantly harm the environment.  They even put in for Carbon off-set credits equal to your stay on the ship and factor it into the cost.I also take great offense to the people who genuinely want to go there just to visit and explore the nature versus the idiots that go there to do adventure activities like cross-continent skiing and skydiving.  There is a level of risk for each, but it just so happens that one level is magnitudes higher than the other.Quit hyping up sensational news story Yahoo, you're starting to become Fox News.

Japan is busy doing their best to kill and eat every living thing in the sea around Antarctica, from whales to plankton, and AP has got McGuirk whining about tourists ? Wait untill oil gets really scarce and expensive (you aint seen nuthin yet), then the people that really run the world (OPEC) will make those tourists look like a task force from Greenpeace. Look at the north slope in Alaska, and you see the future of the south pole.

You can't flirt with Mother Nature.  When will these people are going to learn?  You decide to do stupid things.  And when tragedy happens, they'd scream and cry for helps.  If you don't care about your life, then go and jump the bridge.  your selfish acts are also putting other people lives who's trying to rescue your #$%$ in danger as well.  Grow-up and find real hobbies!Sorry, i don't feel sorry for you idiots.  You made your bed, now lay on it!

The only Antarctica I've known is from science programs like "Discovery".

if this is where you want to go on vacation, your a crack head. if this is what you offer others, for your living, your a prostitute. This is just dumb. go to another place. theres plenty to see.if this is where you want to go on vacation, your a crack head. if this is what you offer others, for your living, your a prostitute. This is just dumb. go to another place. theres plenty to see.

Respect the mother nature, it there for a reason.  if you destroy it, dooms day will come.

MORE GLOBAL WARMING NONSENSE.................

thumbs up if you wen't straight to the comments.

Our race is spreading like a virus. and we get board with our selves quite easily, wanting something unusual, or to simply get away from our own rat race, err our selves.. we will spread till there is no space left simply because we will keep growing till there is no resources left.Get used to it, all we can truly do is find ways to preserve our children's heritage, even if that means saving genetic samples enough to bring back what we will eventually lose. admit it folks, most of our race does not care past their own current needs, and so will never truly cherish what becomes lost, till its gone. best we can do is later bring it back, if there is any hope of doing that at all.

humans should go using only the tech Magellan had.

they are growing weed with white crystals on the purplish blue buds

strangely this article just made me really excited about visiting Antarctica! If environmentalist ruled the world, we would all live in caves and fire would be prohibited...actually, I guess people being nonexistent would be most preferable.

hey, i got a great idea, lets #$%$ the environment up a little more.  THANKS    TOURISM!!!

The reality is that it is a bunch of "eco-tourism" groups taking people there.Imagine that, another liberal hypocrite - "Look, Look, come see what we need to save and keep people from coming and seeing!!!"Superman moved there to get away from tourists.  Maybe now he can rent the crystal palace place out and move to Detroit.

i have been to mcmurdo station in the winter of 1975 we arrived by plane on jan 1 and left by boat on feb 21 after being there for 2 days you got use to the cold and on the 3 day we were playing football in shorts during our off hours it was the cleanest place i have ever been the wildlife was great on the boat leaving there were killer whales and white whales playing along side the boat for most of the trip back to nz it was one of the best times of my life

In other words...we need you too keep away....there's far far too much frozen stuff here we already said melted.

This is more lib #$%$ !!!!  I've seen the slummy setups researchers have been setting up there. When the destructive academics get out of Antarctica perhaps any conservation could be taken seriously. I can tell you what you're going to find up there. Cold and ice and underneath it all active volcanoes( The real reason some ice is melting)So you illiterates that worship the academics because they can read, can take a hike!!GET THE SLUM BUILDING RESEARCHERS OUT OF THERE AND WE'LL TALK CONSERVATION ,TILL THEN TAKE A ............

Wouldn't it be horrible if an adventurer went to AA and misfortune claimed his life? Oh Wail! We would have to spend millions getting his dead body back. Oh the humanity!

I'll skip this trip for Hawaii.

What a beautiful world it would be if there were no humans to completely destroy it!!!

all those warm bodies are melting the glaciers...it's not global warming after all....see? told ya so

I hope they ban Carnival ships!

Antarctic, about the size of the USA, Mexico and half of Canada. When they open a Wal-Mart there with a bunch of those electric motorized shopping carts for fat lazy people, then it will be time to start worrying.Yellow snow kills!! Don't you understand??? Hee heee

It's not delicate, and man made "climate change" is a hoax.

Such irony, somehow it's just fine for "scientists" to wander around and steal every meteorite they can find in Antarctica.

your fearless leaders raised the earths temperature in order to expand living areas for the increasing world population. you have tired the earths resources and, soon it will retaliate.

It's only gonna get worse. With glaciers disappearing and icebergs going the way of the dodo, it's no wonder everyone wants to see this majestic space before it's gone.

liberal media bias

I think ya might have just boosted tourism.

B.S.!!!!!...why does every foot step matter there?...it is our earth to explore where ever people choose to explore...just because a tree hugger says it isn't good doesn't mean it isn't good.

We are worried.   Therefore it should be against the law for everyone. Signed, your fellow Democrat.

This story was written by an enviormental naziThe only ice you see should be in your cocktail......being enjoyed in a beach chair ( of course with adequate shade and sunblock ) on a sandy beach within the continental USA.  Snow and ice, and freezing your #$%$ off for the "beauty" of it......well, just rethink it for your own safety.If you are so much a snow&amp;ice person, buy a truck with a plow, or a snow blower and help some poor senior citizen or less advantaged person get out of their house.

I'm there.

Do some research about the "researchers" camps on Antarctica to find how much they pollute the environment in the name of taxable climate change.

It's a #$%$ shame to open one of the most pristine places in the world and open it up to humans. Is nothing sacred anymore?

Pyramid Gravity Force is the new law of Gravity, LIke......OMG.....Start thinking about Ancient Geo Engineering......Like hello is everyone on this planet stupid enough to believe that the Pyramids are TOMBS.........?Like Hello one more time for possible penetration into the dense minds of.........Earthlings....The pyramids on the Giza plateau control the Hawaiian hot spot......Now why would a bunch of Highly advanced intelligent beings want to control a Volcano.......? anyone.? yes you in the back.! what’s that you say....? Thats correct....! did you hear that people.? Your not as stupid as you look down here after all.......The semi bright human in the back said to control temperatures by controlling ASH discharge into the atmosphere............Very Good..Grass hopper......! And how do we do this with Giza Plateau Pyramids on the approximate same latitude of the Hawaiian Hot Spot on the other side of the planet...? yes, yes,......... spit it out son.......! By gravity control..! very good.....my son......very good.......By gravity control......Now how do you disable a pyramid that was set up to control the temperatures on Earth.......? right again you open them up and turn them into amusement parks........So.......And how do we place the pyramids back on line......? yes, yes......... Right again.....! We repair the damage CRAZY humans did to the Earths thermostats i.e. the Great Pyramids of Giza............the book "Pyramid Gravity Force" the only answer to CLIMATE CHANGE.......The Ice Man Cometh.........

Next thing the libs and Yahoo will be telling us is that polar bears have migrated to Antarctica and are now starving to death.  Just shut up.

i can save you all a lot of money with this "spoiler":  it's just a bunch of floating ice and a few penguins!   thanks.

We should be using the place to sore all our trash. Nuclear waste and what nots.

When the world has had enough, it will remove the invasive species and replace it. Look at the past and those who sought to dominate the planet were removed.

liberals are now ruining Antarctica with all their little scientific explorations turning even the little penquins into socialists.liberals are now ruining Antarctica with all their little scientific explorations turning even the little penquins into socialists.

Oh brother the damn environmental wackos will never be happy until the last human is dead and the cockroaches take over

Am I missing something?  Boats pollute the water, people disturbing the environment.  Um isn't that what people do everywhere else?  So why do we target these activities when it concerns a frozen wasteland and not any other place?

if it wasn't for global warming we'd still be in the ice age

Thec worst enemy of Mankind is (drum roll please)   MANKIND!!!!

I would love to visit Antarctica, but, will not due to the risk to the animals that inhabit the land.  It is their home, not, ours.

Ya way too cold and risky....I can always turn on the History Channel and see it from the comfort of my own home

THE MOON IS NEXT

Great, looks like we're well on our way to trashing the last pristine place on the planet......

Our Creator, Jesus Christ, gave us dominion over the earth, to be responsible for all the life and beauty that God created and to preserve it by following God's directions.  Human free will decided that God had ulterior motives and they listened to Satan that they would be better off doing whatever they wanted that suited them and give little concern to God or his creation if there was no benefit for themselves.Jesus came to earth to forgive us of the sins of our original parents that were carried on through our bloodlines into the current day.  Only the acceptance of Him as God would prepare us for the forgiveness that was needed to overcome our sins.   That forgiveness returns us to our rightful responsibilities of seeking Gods guidance for our own lives as well as being a servant for the good of others around us and the earth at large.  Some Christians may overlook the care of God's earth in their daily walk with God.  Being a servant to all means being a servant to all life that God has created.Why the hell would anyone go to Antartica? I get enough of the cold and snow living in Michigan.

daaa gift shops but dont want anyone there? once more someones mad becouse they cant tax them

That's where Hitler escaped to. He was living in that giant hole that leads to the middle Earth.

I wouldn't go even if you paid me.

plane crash killed over 200 people?  sounds like antarctica will punish tourists

Gee ya think this article will make a few more tourists curious?   nothing like negative publicity to draw a crowd.

Retreating sea-ice in Antarctica? I think not. Check out the NSIDC site and you can see that over the last decades, Antarctic sea ice extend has been growing steadily. Especially this year the anomaly is much greater than ussual.

Just symptomatic of the kind of mindset that most people have nowadays; that instead of visiting a place and embracing the beauty and remoteness and unique ecology and wanting to conserve and protect it that they should instead treat it like they would any other place they tread.  Some places just deserve special preservation, and the Arctic and Antarctic are those types of places.  There is value in pristine, wild, nature.  Instead, this juvenile and exploitative mentality pervades where it's all about having fun and/or making money regardless of the negative impacts upon the place.  I think the only kind of tourism that should be allowed into these places is the kind that leaves little imprint upon them, like the smaller sightseeing ships, where people can maybe go onshore and see the penguins, etc but all this other sporting stuff is just nonsense for people who just want to be able to go home and say they did this or that in the Antarctic.  It's just about them and some kind of ridiculous ego trip.

Human's should be able to go anywhere they wish, and having a special class of citizen environmentalist that has special rights is wrong, if a researcher can go there then everyone can go. If you environmentalist nut jobs don't like the trash being left behind then you can organize groups to pick up the trash.

A McDonalds can't be far behind......A McDonalds can't be far behind......

Tree huggers, er, I mean ice huggers...  Pffft!

only place on Earth where there ain't no Rap playin and No murders either. Better than Chicago and Detroit...

More environmentalist #$%$!!

The only reason Antarctica is so pristine is no one went there. Don't these sobbing, giggling, overcome tourists realize how much damage they are doing. Want to save this "final frontier"? Don't go there.

yep, look up all the trash near Mt. Everest.. It'll be a dump soon.

Well lick my Mcnuggets.

Antarctica needs a KFC that serves Penguin!

You humans suck! Me too.

I'm currently working towards building my dream. It will be a massive ship equipped with a poultry processing plant. I plan to employ hard working Mexicans to man its penguin-sized harpoon guns. They'll work in shifts harpooning penguins, reeling them in, and dropping them down into the chute leading to the processing plant below. I will introduce the world to this new poultry product. I quite certain it will become a success in Japan.Why not simply ban it all together!! Rich bored people do not '''Need'' To go there...and we already know it's doing nothing for the environment...so why are we allowing it?? Because for us Americans it is always ''easier'' to turn a blinc eye and do ''nothing''.!!

For those who are muslim, liberal, or gay, the world would become a better place if their trip to Antarctica were a one-way trip.

Too bad I have to wait until Carnival starts taking the white trash masses down there.  I wonder if they'll make us sleep on the deck for that trip?

6* C in the summer?  No thank you.  I spend all winter with temperatures that cold, I want my summer HOT!

Scientists want to keep an entire continent to themselves? It's over 5,000,000 square miles in size....larger than Europe or Australia, and almost as large as South America. The Russians drilled into an ancient lake despite the risks. I think Antarctica can handle a few more footprints.

Thank Kate Upton's Sports illustrated Antarctica photo shoot for generating attention for Antarctica as an exotic locale.

If we found the same thing on Jupiter's Europa, the conservatives will find new and exciting ways to pollute and destroy that moon too as they rape and plunder the earth as well.

I say we stop all visitation to Antarctica. Somebody may decide to stick around after the boat leaves and we could have another Detroit or worse..Chicago.

iam gonna stick with my endless summer here in thailand

I had the privilege of being stationed at Mcmurdo in 1966-67 while serving with the Seabees.We were constructing some of the buildings that are now there. Antarctica is pristine and should be left that way.i wonder how long the antarctic treaty would last if they ever found oil down there?

antarctica is for scientists, penguins, and ice... lets keep it that way

If one of the tourists continues to break the rules and bothers the wildlife, I think it only fair to let that person sleep outside by him/her self all night .... oh well

i was just reading about a photographer that went there and slipped on some icy stairs. fractured his skull. getting a medevac flight to land at the station he was at was a 50/50 chance. the cost of the medevac alone was $30000. he at least had bought the extra insurance.

Well the best way to curb tourism:  Adopt the policy of "Enter at Your Own Risk" and extend NO help to those inexperienced, ill-equiped, arrogant tourists!!  Honestly, if those tourists who are well aware of their limitations in terms of their physique and experience in surviving in extreme weather conditions and still choose to place their own lives in danger by going there, WHY should other people risk their own lives and safety to rescue those reckless tourists when something goes wrong???  A couple of dead tourists will guarantee nobody would set foot in that region ever again!!  You can count on the power of the media and the internet!!!There problems solved.  No more pollution, no more threats to the environment or to the ecosystem.  No more further tourists lives lost aside from the few idiots.  And no more unnecessary rescuers' lives lost.

Humans are the most destructive creatures on earth, desecrating or destroying everything they touch.  K E E P   O U T !   Leave Antarctica to those who are determined to preserve it's pristine beauty.

Only leave footprints in the snow and ice.  Don't pee in the water either.

Terrific. A continent that used to be pristine and pure, now being ruined by the sewage and litter of tourists, trampling and dirtying everything. It's like there can't be anything clean and untouched in the world.

I personally think Antartica should be off limits to tourists and be only for scientists and research teams. We leave trash everywhere. That is 1 place we can at least try to leave as pristine as possible.

I am so tired of these, "do as I say" do-gooders.Send Obama &amp; Biden there.

It's a shame that greed will end up tainting the Antarctic too ...........  let a cruise ship go down there one time and then we'll go into KNEE JERK mode .....

Too many stupid rich people with too much time on their hands, saying "oh, I want to go to Antarctica and see the wildlife" !!! Be responsible, this is one of the last unventured frontiers we have. Lets not spoil it!!!

Good article, nothing about democrats, republicans, gays, guns, Dennis Rodman, or who went to school with Snoop Dog!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I was in the Navy in the mid-eighties and had the opportunity to be stationed (I volunteered) at Mac-town ( McMurdo Station), it was quite an experience for an 18-year old who had hardly ever left his home state. It is something I will always remember.

Sorry...but I am not be going somewhere so cold that my balls become marbles.

That explains all the ice melting...it is all those warm body tourists. The liberals are complaining it is man's fault for global warming...I guess they are right. LOL

Whacos calm down and enjoy your life instead of finding new things to complain about.

Those who really love places, such as Antarctica, The Galapagos,etc, don't visit them.

You couldn't go there even if you beamed in!I suspect that some of these icebergs are cyanide or even arsenic.Worried about the foot print from a few tourists? I wonder if there is oil there? Drill baby, Drill.

This is typical human behavior--told not to do it and they want to even more!  It's like leaving LSD around the house with teenagers.  They're bound to find it and try it.  Now we have oldsters who figure they haven't much more time left on the planet anyway, so why not ADD to the pollution and kill it for everyone!  Nice!?

Just one more thing that people are going to screw up.

smoking in the antarctica. e-gods. it will cause planet calamity!!!  lol.  the eggheads want to keep this treasure for themselves.  it's a exclusive club, no diff. then some anti-black exclusive clubs.  either keep everyone out, or let those who can go visit it........not the, i have been there, so lets shut the gate to all.  if u have the funds go, this goes for the egg-heads and their grants.  they should have to pay for it out of their own pockets, like the tourist.

I am not a fan of the cold and so i will pass, but i am sure my great great great grandchildren will love visiting tropical Antarctica with lush green plains and prehistoric tropical jungles.... oh if i could only live another 200 years.....

Just because you can go, does not mean you should. There are some things people should leave alone and since this is something that can and will affect the entire world, it should be left alone and unpolluted.

People need to leave #$%$ alone and stop breeding so much! We have enough dirty humans! -Earth

Munus 6 in the summer? I read on Yahoo that the ice was gone at both poles, and that the animals were dying. Since the ice has melted, that the United States should be flooded. I'm still confused with all this scintific heat, we need water? Is sombody telling a fib?

seems like we screw up everything we touch! Will we ever learn to leave things alone?

Where is the McDonald's at?How about leaving the last bastion of wilderness alone and not destroy the area with jack#$%$ tourists

It is my understanding that Everest is also a place that is extremly difficult to get to many lives are lost there, but yet it is still swarmed with humans who leave mountians of trash everywhere they go. I am starting to think that the line in The Matrix is somwhat true, humans are a disease that has infested the planet, and the only cure is our annihilation.

its dangerous - we get it - what a waste of space article

I understand man's primal instinct to explore.  However, Antarctica is the one place on earth that should be completely and totally banned from man's money-grubbing tourist mission to concur and destroy.

How's the Choinese food in Antarctica?

TMI.....

Hey !, lets watch Antarctica melt.....maybe we can witness ships from chine running off with icebergs and towing them back to there country.

I hope a super virus eradicates us before we destroy anything else.

Is nothing sacred?

That's the ONE place I'll never dream of going.  No thanks. I'm too cold natured.Damn tourists!!  People just don't care anymore, they trash all the places they visit...they don't care plain and simple- they think "It's not in my backyard" and "I pay a lot of money for this vacation no one can tell me what to do" .  I used to live on the West Central part of Florida on a small island- the families that would come and visit our beautiful beaches always amazed me...they would set up a mini village for the day and then leave all of there trash for someone else to pick up!!!!  Sickening anymore!

2 words   GLOBAL WARMING

Too cold for me.

The rules are not followed, and a disaster will ensue...

Wait, did the whaling ship have to rescue the people on the anti-whaling ship? That would be a seriously awkward ride home.

Antarctica looks like a warm, safe place from my TV in the living room....

wonderful... more walmart's best customers, floridians, and new yorkers on a carnival cruise ruining the last pristine place on earth.

If I weren't scared of drowning, averse to extreme cold, and seasick prone.....I would go down there to fight the whalers. I hate people who kill and eat dwindling and endangered species when there are so many delicious pigs, cows, and chickens on this planet.

In 10 years antartica will be a tropical paradise.

Humans strike again on Nature! Not a shocker!!yawn, boring

If you make Purple Drank .... they will come.

yes totally being jerked around. will cut off my communications. see u on the other side.

People are the only thing the planet doesn't need.It makes no difference how environmentally conscious we are,there are just too many of us and reproducing too fast.Population control is the only real solution.

Obama, told the liberals this your country go do as you please.  Just don't blame if something goes wrong

Only way to save the environment is for human beings to go extinct. So all of you do the environment a favor and go eat rat poison!

Did Rod expect people to actually read this long, boring article?

You people who wish to visit this land called anartica please go ahead aand I hope the hell you freeze your #$%$

So, I'm guessing they want the tourism bucks, the tourists, not so much?  Just how does that work?

The oligarchs are just looking for somewhere else to put their maggot a's. Untouched, pristine, just for them!! Isn't that nice? (They are truly outliving their usefulness.) The 10 year olds have to conquer it, ruin it before the rest of us have opportunity to beat their a's off of it.Dear God please make oil run dry sooner than later, it would cure so many problems such as this. Thank you.What would people do, if others paid a dollar to go into your bed room , and be allowed to #$%$ in your bed.  Or would that be OK?

Another AP agenda mat.Keep your hands in your pockets, dont touch anything. Only us press guys can go there!

They always talk about the the ice caps melting, maybe it isn't because of "global warming" maybe we humans should stay out with our ships, oil drilling, tourism, #$%$ just stay away completely and quit blaming nature, when we all know that this world is slowly ending because of our own stupidity.

We were fortunate and lucky enough to do a trip to Antarctica a couple years ago. Besides the whining about the impact, it was a remarkable if slightly arduous trip. All I can say is that if one has the opportunity to see/be there, it will be unforgettable. As for the silver spoon angle: we saved for it, and 'our impact' was like spitting in the ocean. And, no more carbon footprint than a Wal-Mart 'cruise' to buy t shirts in any Caribbean port stop. The Y! story is slightly overblown and sensationalized, and the fact remains less 'tourists' visit the edge of that continent, in a year, (which is the size of the US), than walk through a mall or an accessible 'pristine' area in a day.

"...it's very difficult to micromanage" says Alan Hemmings.  That way it sounds like something bad doesn't it?  Unfortunately the term "micromanage" can hardly be applied to an entire continant, especially when it's your JOB to advise on polar regions (after all, there are only 2, since when is 50% a "micro" amount)...this guy is a ditz and is likely making some pretty huge bucks from the tourism.

I think everyone needs to watch Happy Feet again.

#$%$ sapiens is a stupid monkey that can't keep his #$%$ away from anything and ends up wrecking the planet.

Cold enough where im at without wanting to tour ice packs and freezing countries.people would take a tour of a sewer plant these days because its the in thing to do.

Let's no wreck Antarctica with our trash. We've befouled every other continent already. Visit one of those.

I would love to go to Antarctica but there other places I would go first such as Europe.....but anyone willing to pay fore my trip I'll go!!!!!!!!Kyacking in the Antartic?  Wear the correct clothing and a life preserver, that way when you go over the rescuers can get to your body and pluck you out like a frozen popcycle ! (about 7 minutes) !

How long until we have Survivor: Antarctica?

Only think i would do out there is #$%$ off the ice burg into the water.~I Bring You A Message of Goodwill!~~The Goodwill Ambassador~

All they need to do is require all the tourists to sign up for a few classes at their local community college. Then the trip would be considered an educational endeavor and any and all damage, pollution, carelessness, and overall selfishness of it all can be easily overlooked.

Screw the environmentalists a holes. I'st our world to explore as long as we try to be respectful and not destroy! They're the some hypocrites that drive cars,fly on planes that destroy the air, use boats that pollute the water, wash thier clothes with detergent that washes down into the ocean and buy thier food in grocery stores( and probably never planted a seed to grow thier own food). Need I continue??

IM  SAtAN in the FLESH and i hate people OKAY

they will never have to worry about me going there

With the increase of tourism and new bateria/life form found in a lake in Antarctica, I can see more adventure, thriller, survival,sci-fi, and horror movies made about Antarctica.The Thing 2; 3 and Aliens Vs. Predator 4 anyone?

With the increased tourists visiting the Antartic new signs are appearing there....."DON"T EAT THE YELLOW SNOW"

I can see it now, some crazy tourist will kill some penguins for the fun of it and they will then all hate us and run in fear whenever a human is spotted, quit breeding, the whole ecosystem will be disrupted forever.  We're idiots.concern over artic polution from tourists is ridiculous.  We are so self absorbed we forget how incredibly large the world is and how small we are.  Relax.  There are a lot worse problems than this...if you can call it a problem.

That's exactly were i'd like to get hurt/stranded at. That trip to the hospital wouldn't be to time  consuming..

I went down in Operation Deep-Freeze and wintered over. Their summer, our winter is fairly mild with occasional -90 conditions (most wind chill temps). As long was the tourist stay far, far away from the rookeries I see nothing terrible about it.

they should do a dual survival here

How exactly is a trip to an unpopulated frozen wasteland an ideal vacation? If you want to freeze your #$%$ off you could just lock yourself in a large freezer.

I guess there won't be a "burgeoning industry" if we melt all the ice. I'm sure there are people out there saying "Oh well the earth will be all nice and warm now! What's wrong with that??"................ ...... .. . ...... ........ .....????

Humans are the lowest form of life in the universe. Stop breeding.

man has dormancy over the earth and all it creche's go forth appropriate i gees that's levies out gay's &amp; lesbian's

Geesh, do the Enviro#$%$ have anything else to complain about? Well what can you say, the article was read, and Nancy Pelosi and Al Gore wept.

has anyone seen the mess our "naturalist" leave?Put Carnival Cruise Lines in charge of tourism and you won't have to worry about anyone going!Next year the reality show Survivor should be staged on a stranded cruise ship left out at sea.  :-o

hey enviromental wackos do u realize how big that place is, man couldnt harm it if we tried another yahoo lib. article

Any place that has a gift shop can no longer be considered 'remote'.You hear that Moon?  Mars?  You're next.

I've got plans to open a chain of 'Antarctic Fried Penguin' restaurants down there.  And I heard Jimmy Buffet wants to open up a Frozen Margaritaville.

I personally think we should round up and kill all penguins before they take over the earth

I get the message - everyone stay away! Antarctica is only open to the environmentalists. Only they are allowed to pollute there. :)

"I'd like to share a revelation that I've had during my time here. It came to me when I tried to classify your species and I realized that you're not actually mammals. Every mammal on this planet instinctively develops a natural equilibrium with the surrounding environment but you humans do not. You move to an area and you multiply and multiply until every natural resource is consumed and the only way you can survive is to spread to another area. There is another organism on this planet that follows the same pattern. Do you know what it is? A virus. Human beings are a disease, a cancer of this planet."-Agent Smith

People are worse than pigs, especially when they want to make Money.

Wherever humans go they want to pleasure themselves to the point of ravaging the beauty of earth rather than looking &amp; enjoying it.  Why do environments want others to know where the last few of something is and why does the media tell humans about them or it.  They are causing some of these very same problems.

we humans can't seem to leave anything in it's natural state....i don't need any permissions to travel whenever i want to. more danger involved and unknown lands then better.

This is a propaganda press release!They do NOT want you there!It's a New World Order Secret!Ton's of riches minerals right on the surface!Also, more secrets, just search Richard ByrdYou will see some secrets.Yes sir, they are lieing and deceiving you!There is NOT a damn thing You can do to pollute this place.They have something to hide?rick

Call 9-1-1

I better make plans for the little woman and I to head on down there before they close it offf to tourist.

At some point - hopefully - decades from now, mankind will have to throw off the kidd gloves and harvest Antarctica. There are more natural resources, oil, coal, uranium down there than anywhere else on Earth. It is worth trillions. We may not have the technology just yet, but, that will soon change. I just hope that no wars get started about who gets it!

who was it that said that human beings were the most intellegent species down here...oh yes, they did. To knowingly and willingly continue to destroy the planet, and everything they can get their mouths and everything else on for their own gratification, entitlement regardless of the ramifications, to the very planet that has given us everything we have, is not too smart

God will get us!

Antarctica is still safer place compared to India...

If you look to your left, you can see a huge block of ice.

is gambling legal in antarctica yet? how about weeeeed?I have made 2 trips to the Antarctic, in 1980 and 1981 as a helicopter pilot in the Navy. Back then there was very little tourism. I was there the year after the Air New Zealand plane crash. My Squadron, VXE-6, did the recovery for that tragedy. As incredibly beautiful and awe inspiring a place it is, it is undoubtedly the most inhospitable place on the planet. It is astounding how easily you can get into real trouble down there. If tourism continues to grow, there will be loss of life. I don't see how it can be stopped. As pristine and "clean"as it is, damage to the environment will happen with more tourism. I am glad I got the opportunity to go there when I did. It was one of the most incredible experiences of my life.

I say--How is the penguin shooting this year??

there all looking for that criminal paul watson from the girly men of sea Shepard

it's sadly in human nature to ruin everything

Vacation in Antarctica still sounds safer than driving on the ice roads in Canada! Break the speed limit, break through the ice, and next thing you know you're on the bottom of a frozen lake in the middle of nowhere!

Who the #$%$ goes to Antarctica?

Posting articles like this is only going to promote tourism.

We have one pristine continent left and these selfish tourists want to ruin it. Leave it alone you don't have to go there just because it' Antartica. God people #$%$ me off. they should make tourism illegal there. It shouldn't be that hard

all you people who want to move there, move there.  give up your warm weather places so I can enjoy less people there!

Heaven forbid that tourists PAY THEIR OWN WAY to the land where scientists get all expense paid trips at taxpayer expense. Personally, I think the scientists are afraid tourists will make some discovery or expose a lie that makes the "experts" look like dolts.rich westerners ruining everything with their iphone facebook posts...hopefully a few rapes will slow down the yuppie wave...

How long before they put a Starbucks there?

Let's use it as a radioactive waste dump.

People just don't learn ..... it's not nice to mess with mother nature.

As a youngster at age 8 or 9 living in Wash, DC at the time I used to listen to Adm Byrd at the south pole giving a nightly report of conditions there.........There had been a film "With Byrd At The South Pole" that I remember seeing and being highly impressed

if u got the guts go but be forewarened

That's where Aliens live...

I can't wait for humans to be wiped out as a race from this Earth.. Our time will come.

GOD is the CREATOR OF ORDER IN NATURE and also author of all Nature's Laws. No one can mocked GOD, only fools try and they pay with the ultimate wage: DEATH. STAY AWAY from anything that defies GOD and his creation, and you will live a longer life!

Really! You people are #$%$ up. Humans rule the earth. Sooner or later we will come to be to many just like rabbits or other animals and some thing will come around and wipe a #$%$ load of us out. Then we will start over. Just the way #$%$ happens. Love it or hate it the #$%$ will still happen.This just in - Antarctica is cold and could be dangerous to dumb humans.

"Antarctic tourism"...is that an oxymoron?

We're talking about an entire uninhabited continent here. 35,000 people a year going there as tourists isn't going to cause any real harm to the place. When people start building factories and big ports there, then maybe we'll have a problem, But this is just some environmental extremist journalist who didn't have a real story to write.

You all are much too stupid to visit antarctica !

Everything that Mankind touches he manages to destroy.Now even the South Pole.

I think we are the alian invaders in this universe. We destroy every thing we touch , the land the water  the air,  outer space, the moon even Mars, and. we use up all the natural resorces. What are we going to do if we find other life  in the universe teach them  how to be like us? I hope if we ever do they show us how to live in peace and harmony , and change our ways before its to late.

Human beings are the most destructive creatures on this planet.  We as a species are a plague upon Earth, and we've spread all over and are slowly killing our beautiful mother, our HOME. Humans as a whole are greedy, self-serving, and completely take this beautiful planet for granted. We will all regret it once we no longer have this amazing planet to live on and we all die.  We are the only species that comes to my mind that doesn't harmonize with the ecosystem.  The only hope I have is that Earth can withstand our viscious onslaught until the human species goes extinct and then can recover and prosper once again.

Space and perhaps the bottom of the ocean are the next frontiers. This genaration missed the early americas explores, now days with all the modern inovations this genaration will never experience what our earlier explores experinced. For once I agree that regulations should be placed on those tourist operators to preserve the poles and proctect these areas.

Does anyone care about the Arctic anymore, since the ice has nearly all melted. (Arctic ocean)

Hope the whole thing melts so we don't have to worry about such stupid #$%$.FREAKIN RICH PEOPLE

Please don´t destroy the south pole, the ultimate barometer for global warming and a land that could explain the origins of life on earth.  just dont.

Wow really and I thought the world was getting bigger

when ppl make the dumb decision to go to places that are dangerous I don't feel sorry for em not one bit when I here so called "horror stories". ppl don't use common sense but yet they love an outdoor adventure, smdh.

When will we get that WE are the problem?

i love the cold weather i can be outside in the snow in a t-shirt for hours ppl look like im crazy but hey guess what i don't get colds or any of that stuff most ppl get. when summer comes around thats when i get sick and wana hide in my freezer.

Whoever is dumb enough to tour there needs to be banned from touring, so basically ban tourism there. Antarctica should be treated as an off limits zone because the cleanliness of it is crucial to the way the earth balances itself out. If you have people polluting it its gonna screw up earths already screwed up climate and pollutants.

This is one tourism spot I cannot wait to miss.

I would love to leave a, cheap beer scniit there to freeze  for eternity

Everyday penguins leap to their death, straight down, off of the ice cliffs. Sometimes they bob back up and sometimes they don't. Sharks frequent these waters. I haven't met one person in Seattle who really cares about the penguins. The penguins are killing themselves! They are depressed and stressed out and nobody on Capitol Hill even cares. They wear their little Goggle glasses, sip lattes at Starbuck, dine at the Ethiopian joints and go home to get stoned. But do they care about the penguins? No. Let's have a little penguin consciousness raising here. Yeah, I know; you could care less. Be hateful like you are. But what would it take for one Seattleite to just say "I'm sorry"? Sure, when they can have hydroplane races on Mc Murdo Sound.Thats crazy! Leave antartica as is! Gonna get hurt.

who would want to visit an icy hellhole?  Not me.  I like heat!

They just don't want you to find Echo base.

Millions of people should go down there and take a swim, very refreshing! Don't mind the killer whales they won't bother you at all.

BLOOD FOR THE ICE GOD!

So is there a law that says we can't go to Antarctica?  There better not be!

I've been on the same page as th author of this article  for years now.  We need to wall off all the national parks. And if possible, let's keep everyone off the rivers, lakes and oceans.  I say kill anyone who tries to get into Antartica, as well as all the national parks.  But then I'm a people person.

this land was made for people to explore and see. What happens 100 years from now when theres a 100x the population, u f)u)c)k)i)n m)o)rO)n. lol

Why isn't the Antarctican government doing anything about this?

look this up. ***MAE BRUSSELL NAZI UFO BASES IN ANTARCTICA***...kind of jumbled but there is great info that she givesWe are concerned with darkies coming here. As always, it is the liberals fault.

About the big cruise ships, I hope they're not run by Carnival! That company has enough problems with the familiar Gulf of Mexico and Caribbean.I'd love to go on one of the smaller boats used by either National Geographic or univesity alumni ... if I had the money.

Boats pollute water and air, and create the potential for more devastating environmental damage.  (Tell all tourist they are not allowed to pass gas! )

I would like to know why it is alright for those people (cant' remember the name of the show I saw the other night) to go out in a boat and shoot at the ice bergs and try to bring them down. Who in the hell thougth of that one?  What a bunch of idiots.

Hey kids we are going on vacation.  Are we going to the beach?  no.  Are we going to the mountains?  No.  We are going to Antartica.

We need less people since that's the only real solution to all the worlds problems.Nature will solve that problem for us if we're to ignorant or selfish to deal with it.

Yawn, more environmentalist alarmism about non-issues.  If Asia can stand over two billion people, Australia 20 millions, and the other four continents hundreds of millions, I'm sure Antarctica can manage a few tourists with no great harm.

If I was Bill Gates or Warren Buffet, I'd have a vacation house built out there. I'd be a drop in the bucket to be able to experience weeks or months in the most remote and isolated area on earth. That's as effective a method to "just get away" that I can think of, at least without going into space.

What a bunch of hippy BS. "Horror stories"...it is a bunch od ice and water. A real "horror story" is how Obama and Eric Holder are trampling on our civil rights!!!!

This article brought to you by the International Association of Antarctic Tour Operators.I prefer taking my favorite Mexican stripper on a surf trip ; )

so dont go there.

cant we just leave the few pristine places alone ,is there no protection...i guess as always its greed...selling the antartica...

the solution is simple if you get hurt doing these things no one will rescue you, its at your own risk. why spend money to rescue these fools.

man why would u wanna go down there? i mean im sure its really pretty but for one humans have a tendency to destroy like everything we touch and 2 is so #$%$ cold!

Don't worry about me ruining there. I am not going to spend thousands to freeze my butt off. I've been doing that at home for four months!

Simple. No more tourists.

Who cares? Seriously? Who cares? If anyone responds to this saying they care. Please mention how many times you have been to Antartica and what you are doing about it.

Too bad Obama isn't dead.

If I actually had a 'BUCKET LIST" this journey would be on it...........I have been so close....a few days in Ushia,Argentina  but not at the right time,  Perhaps, one day, it will happenwhy cant people just stay home and enjoy each others company?

I DONT LIKE COLD,BUT LIKE BIG BLUE I LIKE RUINS.

Antarctica won't remain beautiful for long.

O.K. I get it! You and your pals may go...but certainly not the un-washed masses ...Oh the arrogance ....

they should have snomobile tours to the south pole and set up way stations with hot meals and restrooms and warm cots.

A few years back I read somewhere that the U.S. was the only country that shipped there garbage, etc, back for disposal. Can any one comment on this?

Gee, next thing you know there will be a Hilton... maybe with a Starbucks!

I am all for researchers being out there. The microorganisms found in Antarctica could be very useful for science. Researching extreme temperature environments in the past has led us to the discovery of Thermus aquaticus (an extremophile found in the hot springs) which gave us Taq Polymerase for molecular biology.

i hope every square foot of antartica is covered with hotels and car rentals.  i am sick of all the loud-mouth, hippie environmentalists and preservationists !!

People........  They're the worst!ban tourism

If your stationed at U.S. McMurdo Station then you definitely made a big mistake somewhere else and they stuck you here for punishment!

wait for me...just let me grab my Speedo...

First off, this summer had to be above average. For the longest time it never was colder than 28F. Also, McMurdo and Scott Bases are not connected by an ice road. It is more of an overland base that is curvy as it is hilly. This article is a little over dramatic.

I think the "Global Owners of the World" have a Complaint box somewhere...?...............??

There's tourism in Antarctica. That's a slap on the forehead for ya.

Been there, done that.

humans don't understand this is where we live and there nothing left soon....

It's global warming. It's not as cold so now humans are going to go pollute it and try to make money from the area.

We can stop global warming by repealing all the laws that regulate global cooling. You do remember the 70's? I guess they did too good of a job in controling global cooling.The number of people conducting and supporting scientific research and other work on the continent and its nearby islands varies from about 1,000 in winter to about 5,000 in the summer.  Very small-scale tourism has existed since the 1950s. Since 1969, over 30,000 tourists have been to Antarctica. A total of just 10,013 tourists visited in the 1998–1999 summer, up from the 9,604 who visited the previous year. Nearly all of them were passengers on 16 commercial (nongovernmental) ships and several yachts that made 116 trips during the summer. Most tourist trips lasted only about two weeks. It sounds to me more like Govts who condust "studies" there simply dont want people to know what it is exactly they "do" there and in case scientists havent noticed there are 7 BILLION people on this planet and I highly doubt these numbers above can be in any way considered "booming for tourism"....especially if we compare it to a much much smaller set of Islands...Hawaii for example 2006 and 2007 saw a big increase in tourism, with over 7.6 million visitors each year.....and look Hawaii is still beautiful. Im sorry but to me it seems in many cases that when ever science mentions other people they seem to imagine a world where they are the only ones walking the globe.

c'mon man it is time for the humans to destroy that part of the planet too....

You know people are stuipd and japan are stuipd too go down there Antarctic killing whales and people are stuipd go see sightseeing it freaking cold and you never make alive there it not good for your heath when it cold and don't have air to breath or get frostbite or died there if something happed but nobody listens but if I were you people and japan never go down there Antarctic and leave it alone and stay out of it and stay away from Antarctic!! But I am glad I don't go there and I will never go there cause it freaking cold and not good place to go there at all!!

Why are tourists going there anyway? What old people won't do for a story and a long slide show.

Antarctica is a giant continent, most of which has never even been seen with human eyes.  Anything we do it is less than minuscule.

I would love to go there.

The polar caps are basically an hour glass counting down the demise of the earth as we know it. Once the ice is gone, possibly before its completely gone, earth will be consumed by horrible storms

I guess they might as well enjoy it while it's still there.  Since the US is not that concernedabout fossil fuel impacts and how it's impacting our environments.

Let's face it folks,the Lord is trying to tell us something,take care of this planet because we,re not getting another.

Why? Why? Why?  Are you that big of a D-bag that you need to be able to say you skydived in Antarctica?  Why can't you just go to Canada if you want to skydive over the snow.  Why do people have to ruin absolutely everything?Of all the places in the world, why would anyone want to be there.

Antarctica is a massive sized continent.  How is it physically possible for a handful of tourists to cause environmental devastation?  How dumb do the profit motivated environmental wackos think we are? Their warning cries are really pleas for donation money in disguise.

AWhat a wonderful post.  Who needs a tan. I was thoroughly enthralled in this persons story. I have been there without ever leaving Texas. Thank you AP or whomever wrote this. I read the entire post. When i win the lotto, i will visit Antarctica

I like Stacey's idea..visit Antactica and get a nice frostbite. People just can't stop putting their noses (and everything else) in the wrong places. Leave the continent alone, leave the wildlife alone, and keep the waters there clean. It's all we got left on this earth that is anywhere near clean.  Leave it the humans, if it's out there...we"ll destroy it. Once again, on our way to self destruction. Three cheer for humans!!

all for the almighty dollar! no one but environmentalists and persons who are doing legitamate scientific work need to go there. as the previous writer said tourists will destroy the place. 99% of the tourists are clueless to the dangers, the impact on the environment etc, etc. The money grubbing tourist industry can just plain 'kiss off' and have their disasters some other place and be the thorn in someone else's side! NO respect for nature or human life that lot.

Answer me something.........Why does it need to stay pristine and untouched.......For what reason???? For who other than humans to look at???? somehow with temperatures at -100 degrees its not going to draw enough tourism to change much of anything......oh i made a foot print in the snow.......go shave your armpits and put some deodorant on hippies.

I was seriously concidering a job at the largest U.S "town" in Antarctica could work at the store as cashier or at the caffe/bar...or cafeteria/restaurant. Its minimum pay but you dont have much to spend it on free room and board youll save well! :)

There are some places humans should just not go and this happens to be one of them.

Yeah...I get it...Every step we take everywhere on the planet f$%cks it up. I get it. We all should have stayed in our underwear in little villages around the world seperated from each other and not gone anywhere. Look, I'll be out of here in less than 50 yrs. and I promise not to leave any kids.

This message brought to you by the EPA funded by al gore and friends!This message brought to you by the EPA funded by al gore and friends!

i once seen a documentary in 1982 about the antarctic and you wont catch me going to a place where a space craft landed in the ice over 100.000 years ago with aliens on it that can imitate any living organism it comes in to contact with!!! I seen it almost transform those damn dogs they call it the thing cuz it can be any THING!!!  Kurt Russle was in that documentery.this is no joke damn it stay away from the antartic and all the dogs in that location,please for the love of humaniy!!! hahahha

anyone want to trade spots with me?  I live in a cold place.  I will trade you for a warm place.  my neighbors are psycho jews.

Visit antartica; the gateway for the rich and bored because greenland doesn't just do it right!

Tourists are always a problem. They destroy places ... it doesn't matter where they go!! My thought's ... Keep them away from Antarctica. There are plenty of other places in the world for us humans to pollute and ruin.It's only a matter of time before one of those cruise ships sinks leaving a huge oil spill destroying an already fragile eco system.No-one cares though ... it's all about greed and profit!!

This whole story reminds me of the interaction between bears and humans ( which should be only viewing).The growing turism requires knowlegble and experienced people who can help to establish the way how these interactions are carried out. Minimum requirements for the exact way how people should be prepared to see these places,how behave, act and react under different circumstances.How to be taken care of, and provide safety to those who already there.Have a full rescue plan with not only the knowhow, but also with equipmet and personnel. Teach these individuals for the unique circumstances and their own responsibility.KNOWLEDGE &amp; PREPARATION for PREVENTION of any extreme would be key.I beleive, the business idea to make fast money in a territory which is barely utilized ( as a business) is way ahead in some cases than the actual preparation ( of turists, the place what they visiting, and the  infrastructure)Who creates the regulation of these trips anyway to preserve as much as possible the poles from any negative influence of turism?

Another example of the people in the know..meaning the countries should know better..sitting on their hands and letting the little idiots play in an area that should be off-limits to the public..Anyone reading about how the icebergs and icepac have been melting should know better,but unfortunately there aare too many ignorant fools who never think about anything but their own pleasure,etc,etc..I could go on

Been there done it no plans on going back any time soon. Wish all the rich suckers all the luck there money can buy when going. Saw nothing but wasted money by researchers when I was there. Been there for 50+ years they are not learning anything new just rehashing old numbers. And getting government grants given to grad students and professors given to big corporations that run research stations. The say the USAP is not government funded directly but we are footing the bill indirectly. Should be a place of non contact from humans. On land are fishing it's waters but we all know this is never going to happen. There is to much unknown to allow it to be unenhabbited by rest of world.

Anytime self centered jag offs invade any pristine area it ceases to become pristine and becomes trashed. Idiots always think the rules don't apply to them. These areas should be off limits to all forms of human encroachment.

I was in the Dry Valleys during 1973-74. During that time the Navy would not allow the Linblad Explorer to debark passengers at McMurdo. I guess times have changed. Travel in Antarctica is not a cruise in the Caribbean.  There are safety issues for tourists and environmental concerns for the continent.Why don,t these people spend the time, energy,and  money on what we have already messed up instead of making another mess.

The one peaceful continent that no one wants to blow up.

Been there, done that.  Best trip I have ever been on.  Amazing ice, amazing wild life,and really, it isn't as cold as it is in parts of the US.  40+ degrees and a warm sun beating down all day long.

first and foremost, submarines have been visiting these places ever since the nuclear age. Its not just NOW being visited. you twits at yahoo need to get your idiotic headlines straight. especially since we r still at war in the middle east and our troops are still being assaulted upon. I am pretty sure there are more important issues to be posted then somebody visiting a place that has already been visited for over 50 years.

This article made me think of how awesome it'd be to go to Antarctica, not want to stay away.

I booked a carnival cruise to antarctica,couldn't beat the price! Hope for a memorable time.

I care about the environment deeply, but come on.  So sick of the paranoia.  It's getting to the point where you can't walk out your door without feeling guilty about the "carbon footprint".  Getting real old.  Got to wonder how much of this is propaganda.  Journalism is more questionable than ever.

This is the most slanted, story I have ever read with so many incongruencies it's boggling the mind!The Antarctic ice shelf was measured at over 60% more than last year, the arctic ice shelf is the one that's retreating!What the trek that Shackleton and Jarvis made on South Georgia Island,2000 miles away, has to do with the Antarctic, and the impact of people on that continent, makes no sense whatsoever! It's just detracting from the truth, tourist dollars pay alot of bills!Japan and Uruguay, don't want anyone else down there because they are the only two countries still actively WHALING, in those waters and don't need the witnesses!The United States built the 1600 mile road in response to an emergency, where a Danish scientist, had to operate on herself because the weather was to bad to fly her out!The impact of spills doesn't diminish because they happen elsewhere in the world either, and those catastrophies, can be measured  in the Antarctic, even if they don't happen there!

This #$%$ pissez me the fuqk off! Beer can lying around Antarctica!? Human beings really suck. Here i am imagining this as a vastly unknown and unexplored continent and surprise surprise it's littered w/ beer cans. Nice going jackas tourists!

It's not the tourism that's the problem it's the big hole in the ozone layer the U.S. created with their stupid experiments years ago.  Get the facts straight, that's why there's problems.35,000 people visit a huge continent and now its a big deal?

Electric powered boats. No fossil fule pollution. Get a brain tourist industry dorks. If Antartica goes by the way of the Arctic????? Mans domain on Earth will be severly curtailed. The Ice caps serve a vital ecological and biological role in climate and the survival of the food chain. Think about it domies, ENTERTAINMENT in many regards has been the boon of modern mankind. Far more negatives than positives.

cant you idiots just stay home and watch antarctica on nat geo....really....all 35,000 of u are idiots

How do I play farmville on this #$%$ site? This #$%$ blows

just wait til the blacks move in then it will really be destroyed

Kinda a bummer when even mysterious, remote places like this get over-run by tourists.

A great place to visit if your menopausal with hot flashes.

These glacial tourists probably pretend to be conservationists, &amp; blame all the rest of the world for melting the glaciers. Even the science research stations are leaving a big carbon footprint in the Arctic &amp; Antarctic. All the Alaskan cruises send out helicopters with people to walk on glaciers..How can that exhaust &amp; direct contact NOT be seen as warming the glacier?

OK, so I didn't read the whole article but Antartica shouldn't have tourism.  Stupid Humans! That's the one place that should only have researchers.  Not sky diving, ice fishing or whatever else they're doing!

Ridiculous story about how the liberal elite scientists wish to ensure that only they can see the most remote parts of the world. Of course, the rest of us are the ignorant masses that they, glorious and dedicated few, are heroically protecting the Antartic from ......Now the bulls, they run from us!

Do you whackos believe that we have reached the pinnacle of intelligence evolution?

This is how human civilization destroying the world slowly but surely.

well... sorry grandkids

Let's send all the mexicans there.  then we can live in mexico in peace!

I want to go with Kate Upton, and increase the population........

"And anti-whaling activists lost a boat that collided with a whaler in 2010. "BULLSHEET - the videos show the damned whaler turn to starboard to DELIBERATELY run down the sea shepherd  boat!!!!!

This article is treehugging nonsense

Humans are slobs! Ban tourism there!

Where is the common sense in the world?? Limit the number of visitors, make sure they are properly outfitted and that they leave no foot print. Take out Everythng they take in. fine the #$%$ out of the ones that don't follow the rules, and charge them if they need rescued.  he only thing they should be allowed to TAKE out of there is picturesDo government want to control and stop everything we do?!?!? im sure  Antarctica will be ok.

I think the CIA should have an anti tourist task force. I simply think that they are just dangerous.

Wo cares if tourists go the Antarctic?  Damn tree huggers need to get over it already. This is our planet and the wildlife has to adjust to us. If we can send tourists to the Antarctic that means one day we could settle it, and with our population growing as it is we may need to.

Where I live, I'm afraid of my neighbors.  They are scary looking jews.

f$&amp;% America and the American peopleF%&amp;% you all

This looks like a safe place for any Swiss couple to bicycle and backpack.

Don't have the money to toss away just to go and say, hey neighbor, I went to this place and froze. Not a cool thing to do.

Still trying to figure out why its a tourist attraction.  "OMG Guys look!  ICE!  And its FLOATING!!! Omg...  Now I've seen it all."  I can go to Minnesota for that.

Did they really just complain about tourists smoking in Antarctica? Some people are such effing (a)(s)(s)(h)(o)(l)(e)(s) with nothing better to than impose themselves on others. Go beat your children so that they will hate you too.

Really? You go there for research and you're SMOKING???I thought for once I could read a nice feel good story aboutAntarctic without the global warming hoax beingmentioned but no such luck.

There are some places man should not be......many deaths have happened?Ya think?Humans are idiots......and of course the US is one of the biggest ones...ignoring and being sited on environmental things....classic.Where ever they go,they F@#% it up....If you go where you are not supposed to....you will die???? HELLO!!!

Antactica or India to be gang raped.....

carnival cruises are the best.

Eff it. We have a right to go there. #$%$ gore sucking libtards.

I like the rule about cruise ships and not using heavy fuel.  I think I want to add Antarctica to my bucket list but I don't want to be part of the problem!

With the influx of 35,000 tourists/yr. Antarctica's prestine environment will come into ruin and the icebergs will start melting faster than it used to, and disintegrate.... The climbers for Mt. Everest are now exploring  this new options to expand their resume.

So now we are going to destroy the ice caps,don't we need those for the ocean currents to work? This madness needs to stop at once all hail the dollar;yes emperor

I'm part Italian, so I like the heat.

dang I thought Antartica was dark and cold especially this time of year!dang I thought Antartica was dark and cold especially this time of year!

let the rich and famous go there and die then we won't have to read about them here

I cant wait until all the ice in Antarctica melts! ..we will finally be able to live there

Hope all the penquins die.

dont make it a universal slum ,leave the panguins alone

How dumocrap liberal America punish Mexican 'tourist'....Give them greencard and free healthcare.

nonsense.. ice rocks can't be harmed.. more 'eco' bullchit.. from the left..

At least it's not going to be a bunch of rednecks that would trash the place.

I don't give a d)a)m)n about the environment as long as it serves my needs.

Turn it in to an oil platform and scrape all the ice out of there for bottled waterthank very much for teaching me

how come eye see icebergs the science geeks says it is all melted and lizards now roam the desert

AMERICANS YOU NEED TO LEARN TO LOVE ANOTHER

Geesh, does the Enviro-Liberation-Party (thats Liberal speak for left leaning radicals) have anything else to complain about? Well what can you say, the article was read, and Nancy Pelosi and Al Gore wept.

Hmm..."beautiful cold world"   I have enough of just living in Montreal.Of course it's beautiful out on a lake in winter. From the warmth of your car or propped up and limited to 30 minutes.....sheesh...  As someone said here, people would tour sewer plants, just because it's the thing to do.An other cold example is the ice hotel in Quebec City:Why would anyone want to pay 100's of dollars for a night there, just to spend it in the (heated) washroom?

Ladies, don't wear a bikini, you don't want to suffer frostbite like Kate Upton, and you don't want men to stare at your erect nipples

stop wasting your money travelling.............they are only RIPPING-YOU off