As the National Enquierer always write............" sources say ".

As does Sean Hannity.

Where's Dennis Rodman when you need him?

Classic Stalinism.  Kill your opposition before they actually become the opposition!!  Then blame it on an easy target!   Already laying the groundwork to assassinate his compitition.  Already started with the "Investigation" into the U. S. Poisoning Chavez, now we will get the blame when he assassinates his opponent.  Which he will have to do because he can not take the chance that the other guy can win (remember, he allmost beat Chavez in the last election)!!

this character, Nick Maduro, seems to be as neurotic as ex-Chavez was. Maduro would like nothing better than have his opponent killed any way he can and blame the US.... gentlemen,... this smells like a classic set-up for a swift elimination of Maduro's opponent......

Sounds like a setup so this clown can blame his opponent's murder on some else.

it would be comicable but it is true.when are they (maduro) going to kill this guy

You all heard that Chavez went to heaven and told God to pick a Pope from South Amrica, Right? This maduro is as delusional as Chavez, maybe more so, that is ahy havez picked him, My wife watches the Spanish channel and tells me some of what this clown comes up with, amazing. He alread is planning to kill his oposition, surprised? I'm not

So Maduro's planning on killing the opposition leader and blaming the US?

this is just fodder for locals prior to election? sure blame others for you short comings it's old hat &amp;^%* that dictators always use to promote themselves to the poor and disenchanted - better to find another to hate rather than YOU....it's laughable to say the least but ironic how often it does work....but population is educated so i find it somewhat odd it Chavez type winning elections...hmm

You mean the US is interfering with the affairs of another country ? The US administration can't run it's own country let alone anyone elses.the old commie playbook,nothing new here,just deflect anything to keep power.

If the CIA wanted this guy dead, then he would be.

I think the Castro regime is trying to kill Capriles and setting it up to blame US...because this does not make any sense whatsoever.

Typical, Left wing governments are full of liars with good little sheeple followers.  So now when Maduro has Capriles killed he'll then blame it on the USA.  Venezuela is a police state; the place will be a Left wing toilet like North Korea soon.

of course we plotted it, right after we gave chavez cancer

I think the Chavez government is smoking to much of the cocaine that is passing through the country..

So the Chavistas will assassinate the opposition and then claim the US was behind it.  These comments by Maduro are just planting the "seeds" in the minds of the Venezuelans.

Alleging the plot was to create chaos,seems a bit paranoid...but when I think about it...nevermind

Must be some good #$%$ he's smoking.

Me thinks he doth protest too much:His opposition will no doubt be found dead after a "FREAK" pencil sharpener incident which Maduro will blame on the CIA, The Pope, The Village People and/or the Girl Scouts of America.Maduro is a dangerous liar and fool, just like Chavez.

it's very amuzing to see all these clones defending Obama when they accused Bush of everything they could for 8yrs.

What this gangster Madura doesn't mentioned is that he has a militia of well armed 125,000 men as a hedge to prevent the army from taking over the country. He also has a bunch of hoodlums of many thousand of armed young men ready to intimidate, hurt and even kill the opposition. Evidently he is planning to kill the leader of the opposition and then blame it on the United States. Communists always kill the opposition and don't allow anybody to talk against the state. It is a complete dictatorship what people are living under in Venezuela. That also reports by he intelligence of Many countries, like the U.S., Israel, France, England and other than Chavez died in December 29, 2012, and was kept a secret from the people. His body was taken to an Army Base and was Embalmed by some Russians Scientist and that 20,000 millions dollars or 20 billions were taken to Cuba with 13 tons of Gold. It is seems to be a complicity between the Russian, the Cuban and the present corrupt government of Venezuela. The people of Venezuela are being fooled by the government propaganda apparatus.

And we know skuummmbbbaaggg followers of Chavez. Castro and Marx would never, ever lie- right?

Thinking ahead, "please don't kill my rival". Then have him shot. Nice set up, but sort of transparent.

This is only proved that Maduro himself want to kill his rival and then blame it on US. Maduro, moron, it may work with morons who support you but not with normal people who has brains.

LOL so this guy is setting up a hit on his opponent and pre blaming it on the US. The party of Chavez must be real worried it is going to lose this one. Kill the opponent then declare martial law and appoint a new dictator. Then they arrest all the opposition leaders and voila the country and all the oil money is theirs

I say the US should deport Lohan and the Kardashians to this country and watch it fall apart quickly.

It's a red herring.  The acting president is most likely plotting to kill his only opposition.

He's just attempting to deflect the attention of Venezuelans away from how screwed up things are in their own country by blaming the US.Maduro will screw up the country.  He is acting out of desperation, when he accuses the U.S. of such an assassination plot.  And you think politicians in the U.S. are liars?  These officials in some of these South American countries couldn't explain to you the difference between the truth and a lie.  It's their culture.  When it comes time to vote, the people really have no clear understanding of the reasons they vote.  It's just part of the process.  In Ecuador, you are fined if you do not vote in the elections.  So there is always a good turnout.  lol

Brilliant! Oh man, you can't set it up any better than this. How do you get rid of an opposition candidate without suspicion falling on you? You preemptively blame the US of plotting to kill Capriles, then have him killed yourself. Then you point fingers at the US and say "see I told you so", and in the process unite the country behind you in opposing the US.

blame it on sean pennhead!!

Is Maduro that much of a MORON?   If the USA was going to hatch any assasination plot, it would be to kill HIM !!   Not his conservative rival !     And this is the intelligence level that is running Venezuela??  May God help those people.

I would guess that maduro,is the one who wants to do the killing and have the Blame on the US. So he has a sure win.

This guy needs to get back on the bus.

I hope there is coup there and people show enough backbone to elect a civilized person that will take care of the people and get along with the rest of the world.

He must be smoking some good stuff.

"purpose of the plot was to set off a coup and that his information came from "a very good source.""Didn't know his butt qualified.

What egos these guys have. They really think the US is interested in their little banana republic?This is a bad joke.  This idiot is probably plotting the job and wants to blame USA in advance.  The problem is that the cretins believe it.

This dude is not too smart.

The first thing to do as the NEW SHOWMAN OF Venezuela....is to PUT ON A REALLY BIG SHOW!!!!! Gets attention...gets him noticed, WORLD WIDE...and if it is a CONSPIRACY, so much the better.These people are insane.....

And YET, Chavez did not have a problem with Obama....HE LIKED HIM!!!!! Thought Obama would VOTE FOR HIM!!!!!

a 50-year-old former bus driver and union leader, Hey he should run for president in 16 for the democrat party with that resume

Freaks running this world.  What happened to Sane People.

Wow, what a great way to plot a murder of your rival. Accuse the U.S., who would want your rival in power, of plotting to kill him. Then all you have to do is kill your rival, and then go on air to the people saying you were right! If I were Capriles, I'd be wearing body armor and have a "pope mobile" to drive around in, as Maduro just announced he's going to kill you.

This can't be as important as Saint Patricks Day.

Another cry baby like Chavez.

What a moron.  If the CIA wants you gone, you're gone.  CIA does not need the opposition's help.  We did not get to the top of the food chain kissing the fannies of tin pot dictators.Hummmmmmmm!  Just over a month ago the Venezuelan Gov't ousted two American Military Attaches for "suspected spying." Any connection?

He  just laid the ground work for killing the guy. Then he points a finger at the USA,and says ,see,i told you .

This guy is a real winner ...Hitler did the same thing with burning down the Reich stag .can't believe people are this stupid to believe this nut case

The CIA wouldn't do that, would they? This guy is a crazy as the last one was.

What a bunch of BULL#@*&amp;

Maduro wants to "get rid of his rival", and blame it on the US Gov.?  I think so.  Hope the the people down there see through their present gov. before it's too late.  Your chances for change are growing slim.

Madura, Obama wants that position.....Ruler of the world!!!

It makes you wonder if the Venezuelan people are stupid enough to believe this #$%$.

He's obviously going to have the man killed and blame it on us......

Why would anyone in the US want to kill a bus driver....?if the people there believe that "capitalism killed a colony on mars" (whatever that means) they will believe anything!!

In other words, he's about to kill Capriles and blame it on our Secretary of State, Dennis Rodman.

We here in america trust obama,,why else do we need drones flying around.

If Venezuelans elect Maduro, they deserve what they get.

Is there anyone in that country with an IQ over 50, no 60, no 70?

Maduro already sounds like he has the skill set to run Venezuela. Out with the old, in with the same old thing.

sounds like Maduro wants him dead and is going to blame the traditional scapegoat. .... hey whatever.

Socialism maximizes stupid.

Maduro just wants to be dictator for life. His master Chavez, gave him pointers before his went to hell.

While I would like to see evidence of this 'plot', the U.S. government has tried to do similar things in the past. Our government right now seems obsessed with 'regime change' everywhere but where it could do the most good.. In Washington.Someone should put him in the same place chevy is

good lord, Capriles is in trouble. The Chavistas (neo-stalinists) are gonna kill him.

If he gets killed, the US has already been set up to take the fall. That much is quite obvious.

Socialists love creating fear, confusion, division, and strife. If they're not lording over everyone else, riding up front, blaming and shaming, they're eating or sleeping.

As long as they don't try and take over the US, hey, if poor and filthy rich socialist Venezuelans want Chavez II, go for it.

He has it only half right, the CIA controlls the drones that WILL kill him. Hey we have them flying over us now too, Obama has a "hit list" and only HE can make those decisions, wow, didn't he say he wasn't a dictator? He's sure putting the tools in place.

Been watching too many cold war spy movies

The only good Maduro is a fine cigar.

Before we kill their leaders and create chaos, we should borrow some money from them.

Dream On Nickie, you're not that important...Paranoid, are they???

This guy is just covering his tracks. When he kills his opposition, he will then blame the Americans. Nice plot.

Well...here we go again. Just when the world thought Venezuela was done with wackos.

Pretty sure these South American crooks are believing their own propaganda

I am almost convinced that Maduro could talk himself out of winning this election if his rhetoric continues with his deceptive rhetoric.  Venezuelans could counter his tactics by reading online Amazon search, "Spy The Lie,"  deception detection, verbal and nonverbal, written by retired CIA agents.     jmo

Guy sounds like a liberal to me. They say anything to create a crisis!

So Obamas old buddies are going to say it is Obamas fault is the opposition is killed? the odds are that the killing is on the list of things to do before the elections.

News flash!!!   Over two thousand holes were dug in the grounds of the Presidential estate -- with the hopes Chavez's family would find the two or three billion he "borrowed" from the workers ---"it looks like a thousand gophers invaded the property"!!!!!   No luck yet ---

Another Venezuelan in La La land...Blame the U.S. for all their dumb problems...

No matter what, it seems Maduro is a psycho power-hungry or paranoid-delusional but definitely a psycho garbage dump that will lead Venezuela into chaos.  I can just hope that he loses this election fair and square.A good plan to blame his opponent's murder on the US.

"I Dig A Pygmy" by Charles Hawtrey and the Deaf Aids. Phase one, in which Doris gets her oats.

Maduro, Chavez's heir designee in the Socialist Paradise, is the darling of the Hollywood leftists, Clooney, Penn, and Judd., who would like for America to be more like Venezuela.

This clod is really an idiot , and I don't say this as a pro or anti Chavista . His claims are just so bizarre they they defy credulity .

And How does he know about this so called plan??? Me thinks it is all in his head, Just another attempt to copy chavez. If the story were to be believeable it would have been him that would have been the target. I doubt any outsiders could create any more hate for the opposition like maduro has. Beyond acting like chavez, what does maduro offer to do for the people.

Iran probably suggested it. He's not stupid and doesn't want to die himself, so he likely just following orders.

Psssst.. top secret info revealed: Neither he or his rival are worth one US nickel. They can give all they're oil away. Obama likes batteries, solar power, and big fans.

Sounds more like Maduro is just doing his preelection prep before either he assassinates his rival or he's hoping he can scare his rival into either hiding or dropping out of the election.

Quote from Venezuelan concerning the government: "They call you what THEY are; they accuse you of doing what THEY'RE doing....." Yeah, get the ignorant masses programmed so that when your opponent has an untimely "accident", the effigies burned will be of Obama.

It's easy to put out propaganda today. The news media will help you. They don't investigate. They just repeat what politicians tell them. That's journalism in 2013.Sounds like maduro is laying the ground work to have his opposition killed and then blame it on the American's!More smoke and mirrors, lets bring out the fake boogie man and project all the things they are doing on the opposition! Sounds just like the DNC talking points!

Obama's drones have no fingerprints

Why not "Alo Loco Buspilot"......Hello crazy bus driver?

If I was Maduro, I wouldn't be worrying about the health of that other guy ....

it's funny to see these socialist beat Obama to the punch with one of his own tactics...  Maduro blames (in this case) the U.S. for a murder plot, then does the opposite of "protect" his rival, Maduro actually does what he accuses others of doing.

Sounds more like he's preparing the background to have it done and then blame it on the US.

So what is new, we are blamed for everything!

Not terribly subtle, Maduro.  Claim there's a U.S. "plot" to kill your rivals and then when your thugs assassinate him you can have your big "Aha" moment.  Too bad we all see through it.

A plot? Can you show some evidence, Mr. Maduro?.

So  Maduro  says his information of an American government plotcame from "a very good source."We want ot know, who told him, his dog or his cat ?Venezuela will make itself a favor if it elects Capriles the opposition leader  that want to implement reforms and follow the successful  brazil economic model. Maduro will bankrupt venezuela by continuing his oil subsidies to other Latin countries while people of venezuela are poor, unemployed and face tough economic environment.Any way  Maduro will win this  fake elections and will become  the new  puppet leader of venezuela

Prediction....Maduro will win the election one way or the other including killing Capriles, if necessary. He has already revealed the plot to blame the US.

WOW they sure know all about our plots......

Hey Commenters, For your information, the US has killedforeign leaders and foreign candidates in the past.Usually the leaders were leftists. This scenario IS a little far fetched.

This is what's called political voodoo!

And Maduro thinks the Arrogant is going to listen to him!

So he's planning to kill the opposition leader and blame it on the US!! If these people elect this Idiot, they will surley deserve what they get next! And if they are stupid enough to believe this ca-caw  leave them to it!

What, did they see a drone fly over?

Castro has been shipping me exploding cigars since the Bay of Pigs, but I fooled him.  I don't smoke.

This bus driver Maduro must have read a lot of conspiracy novels, he's paranoidMaduro looks like another dictator in the making! Very sad for a oil rich nation.

Capitalist "democracy", eh?

"Maduro, a 50-year-old former bus driver and union leader, first mentioned a plot against his rival" This says it all, former union leader. Maduro has snorted a line too many or is in Jimi Hendrix's purple haze. He is setting the U.S. up so that when he has his union friends whack Henrique Capriles he, Maduro, will have all ready set the blame.

YEA!!!  Maduro is an exact copy of Hugo&gt;  When you can't win by offering truth and reality, BLAME IT ON THE USA!!!!

That Guy is even more delusional than Chavez was.

Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean we're not out to get you!

OK all Americans and allies out of Venezuela. That way when Maduro kills Capriles we'll all have alibis and he'll have to take the rap.

This new President is as Psychotic as Chavez was.Must be something in the water.LOL

A lot of claims filled with innuendo.  He has nothing in concrete to prove his claims of a current assassination plan on his rival. There was no concrete proof that the USA and Obama were in any way involved in the death of Chavez; only claims. It is called the power of suggestion....tell enough people the same rhetoric long enough and they will accept it as the truth.  I hope the citizens of the world will carefully analyze the information he is handing out instead of taking it at face value.

Actually the US is likely planning to stay far away. Nothing to be gained from upsetting Venezuelans who want anther #$%$, socialist, tyrant, dictator bulshtter fatcat politician.Wonder how much he was paid for that whopper. N. Korea does need oil handouts.

These Marxist Despots - , are runing around looking for a "Boogy Man ".  Obama has the American Conservatives AND the rest of this Ilk are blaming Obama !!  What a JOKE on the sheep who are following these manipulators !!

Chavez's followers are nuts. Maduro too. Pleazzzze. Nobody wants to mess with them except enemies and idiots.

Yup, Obama wants to kill his rival and create a big mess and take Venezuela's oil. Of course, lots of stupid Americans go along with this really insane scenario as well.

At least he's got advance notice, but his rival better watch his back. Maduro is coming (gunning) for him and blaming the US.

Madura setting up the kill, where do these people come from, how they survive long enough to be this bad. WOW !

Next, he'll want a Hollywood Oscar for best actor in Venezuela and the world.

Idiot. Crying over Chavez. What? Maybe they in love?

He cried more for Chavez than his parents. Parents must have been really rotten. Chavez was pretty bad.

Just wants his sheeple money and power. Using the US just like Chavez did. Stayed tuned for more blsht and political hype.Well shoot, he just pulled the prize out of my box of Cracker Jacks, how did he know?

Obama is too busy plotting the destruction of America to waste time on some no-name banana farmer.

Usually its the one pointing fingers that is the guilty party like a fart.

Don't be silly, Maduro. That's the kind of thing you and your dead boss would do.

Maduro is a former Union Leader and Socialist.  Now that's something you don't see every day.  Unless you're in America

Maduro broke into my house and tried to eat the feces from my toilet.  I don't have any proof of this, so you just have to believe that I wouldn't lie.

Perhaps the dumbest conspiracy theory EVER.

The usual suspect.  The United States.  When you have no plan and your in deep #$%$, because the other fearless leader had no clue how to run a country.  You must find someone to blame and in South American it is always the U.S.

haha .. still blaming bush

This is how USA is going to end up under the present socialist administration we are allowing to grow like an insidious cancer.Right - Big 10-4 Rubber Duck ... the U.S. gave Chavez cancer. And if you believe that then I'd like to introduce you to the Easter Bunny.

Sounds just like another community organizer that we all know !!!

This guy is as much as a NUT CASE as ole chavez

Well, if the US is going to blamed for killing someone whether they actually do the killing, let's just go ahead and very publicly kill Maduro.

Go back to your bus driving. It's your only qualification.

Where would these South American dictators be without a USA to blame for their incompetence

This guy is a nut!

Chicago politics uncensored

if we were plottingt against capriles why would maduro object? perhaps our plot interfers with his or considering our presidents anti americanism we are more likely to kill capriles and support the chavezista idiot madureo

Venezuela: You are our enemies, you are plotting to destroy us, you are plotting to invade us and kill our leaders.America: Where are you guys again?This guy is even nuttier than the clown he is replacing!

It's  interesting  to see how a bus driver is going to manage a country of 30 million people.

Looks like Hugehead's successor is as delusional as he was.

Let's just take over all of South America to include Mexico and end all the drug traffic.

Turn off US cable TV Maduro. Please. They're only movies. Spiderman is your real enemy.

This guy is as warped as Hugo.  They dream this up so he can have his opposition killed.

The US blame game is backfiring. He was supposed to say it's the GOP's plan.

Where is Peter Seller's Inspector Clouseau when you need him?Inspector to Maduro: "Why are you sending your rival that bim?"

Madura Just wants a future movie acting role as the greatest dumb bus driving acting president ever.

Does anybody else see the writing on the wall !!Maduro CIA plot is in lock step with the CIA plot that poisoned Hugo with cancer.

Translation: Maduro is plotting against his rival.

Next week's Breaking News! Today!  Maduro's rivals in hiding - some of them have asked for US protection from Maduro.

Chavez and Maduro,like Dumb and Dumber,if the US killed Chavez as Maduro said ,what is the point of killing his opponent ? This is an stupid coverup BEFORE the planned assassination taken place.

maduro can pretend all he wants, but he isn't chavez.  Nothing will bring chavez back, he is dead and gone. Time for the country to move in a positive direction, not for anyone else but for themselves and future generations.  Hate does nothing to improve the lives of all the people of venezuela.

I accuse Maduro of being Daffy Duck and suffering from delusional paranoia...therefore unfit for office.  If he is like this now, can you imaging him as their president?

Maduro is obviously a moron, and if anything happens to his opponent a murderous one. Communism and socialism are both dead principles. I hope Caprilles wins, for the nations sake.

1 statement from the story deserves review: "Venezuela boasts the world's largest oil reserves"Venezuela may *boast* them but a boast can sometimes be different from the real thing. From the New York Times site we learn the following:"Venezuela’s annual oil production has declined since Mr. Chávez took office in 1999 by roughly a quarter, and oil exports have dropped by nearly a half, a major economic threat to a country that depends on oil for 95 percent of its exports and 45 percent of its federal budget revenues. " (From "Dwindling Production Has Led to Lesser Role for Venezuela as Major Oil Power By CLIFFORD KRAUSS. Published: March 8, 2013 in the New York Times).Now you know the value of Socialism. Oil revenue has become the only thing Venezuela has and even that is going to pot because of the games Mr. Chavez has played with the economy. :P

Well, isn't that our job?  After all, we are decadent Yankee Imperialist Pigs.  With briefcases.  Of course we are ALL plotting to murder the noble hard working folk from Venezuela.  Because we are JEALOUS of your socialist paradise.  We just can't stand it.  So, look out, here we come!  :)

Just as in the US, whatever outrageous thing the liberals accuse some of is what they are planning. We will see what happens.The guys' no dummy. In fact he's as cunning as a fox. He's just making sure no one even tries. That's how it works in the shady world of espionage and plotting.Not unlike the Israeli bombing of a US Liberty ship that was monitoring the Arab / Israeli war. Seventeen  US sailors died in that attack that the Israelis said was a mistake. They thought the ship was an enemy vessel, even with the US flag flying astern. The intention, as said by many analysts of situations like these, was to get the US to believe Egypt bombed the ship to get the US into the war. It didn't work then.But this stuff happens all the time- The CIA coup in Iran  in 1953 that brought down the government in order to install the Shah, who became a puppet of the US and gave the US control over Iranian oil and was the largest customer for US weapons, till the Iranians sent him packing and shut off the oil concessions to the US;James Bond is child's play to what goes on in the real world

By the way Maduro has never been to the US but Capriles went to college at Columbia University in New York.

Go figure, and we thought it was the aliens.

This proves Madura is Insane. There is no way Obama would do anything that hurt the chances of a socialist taking power.

Would it not just be easier for us to kill Maduro?  And then we open disdain Caprilles therefore bolstering his support at home?  As Caprilles said we know who will be responsible if he dies!  I mean we all know Castro killed Kennedy right? :p

Another paranoid commie bastige

He is setting up the stage , so that when he has Randiles Killed , he can say the US did it .

Maduro in Spanish means "Ripe"It fits him , his brain is riped

No matter what country you are from, if you are leftist loser, you will always posses the trait of falsely blaming others for everything.

That is all Venezuela needs is a former bus driver and a union leader to head their country.  Hopefully they will wake up and elect someone who is qualified and not a community organizer!"a very good source." = a seance with Chavez's ghost. Good plan. Blame the US first, then kill the guy. Everybody looks at the US, and the murderers laugh their heads off.

Hey Maduro, Holder says Obama can kill us, with drones, what makes you anything special.  Take your turn.

Careful Capriles, there's nothing these red #$%$ won't stoop to.

This bozo will have his opponet killed and blame the u.s., and say i told you so, america is evil and they killed hugo to!!!

Que? Quien? Como sera halgo tan increible posible? Es solo una fantasia de maduro.Desea tanto ser como chavez,  pero maduro solo es maduro nada mas. Creo que piesa si se trata como chavez la gente lo pone de presidente sin pensar. Porque no dice que va hacer parra mejorar la vida parra todos? Que espera? Solo acusa otros para las problemas causadas por los politicos.

This guy should just kiss his cross, and give out free ICE CREAM!!!

We should be making friends with our neighbors to the south instead of enemies. If I were president I would bring every American service man home and let the idiots in the middle east fight it out. We may need our southern neighbors help someday and the more friends we have the better. We could start with Cuba.

What is funny here is that he is trying the same ploy as Obama, blame Bush for everything.

Sounds like Maduro is planning on having Capriles murdered and has already picked the scapegoat.

Hey they learned from Obama that lies get lots of media.  That make anything up and you can do as you please.  Remember the game called gossip this is it.INVESTIGATE HIM FOR GIVING CHAVEZ CANCER

Wow a bus driver to lead the nation.

what u guys smoking down there using the US 2 kill the oppistion LAMOOOOOOOOOOOO

Probably true.  Happens all the time to boost whatever US interests said nation has.  Just off the books so shhhhh...

Crazy replacing crazy.  Hopefully Capriles will win, although then Maduro will probably have him killed.

I guess they just breed ding bats in that country.  Like if the US wanted you dead, you'd be dead.

I'd like to move somewhere new and fresh.  Does anyone know of a place anywhere in the world that isn't screwed up right now?

Maduro's IQ must be closed to his shirt size, I would say 16.5; however I still considered it to be to high.

Sounds like Maduro is preparing to assassinate Capriles and blame it on the US.

Now there's a different strategy.Maduro will blame it on Obama, and Obama will blame it on Bush.

gee,, our government would never harm anyone in a foreign country,,we have fukd over people all over the world,killed millions to get our way over mass graves then scratch our heads wondering why they hate us...

And here we thought that the insanity of Venezuelian politics died with Hugo. Apparently it's contagious....

These dictators will do and say anything to remain in power. Part of their ploy is to fool their own citizens.

Chavez ll ?Well..............it worked once.

Maduro's claims get more ridiculous with each passing day. Paranoia and Lies are the news of the day.

Maduro's just mad because Chavez didn't marry him like he promised.

Sometimes I get so tired of hearing about all these masterful plots that I wish the U.S. really COULD pull them off.

This is the same type of tactic that Obama himself uses. Set up the opposition to take the hit and then do the deed yourself. Obama is probably jealous.

Smoke and mirrors. That's the government's specialty. Keep the people focused on the devil USA instead of talking about the issues that have crippled the country. Capriles needs to keep asking the basic questions and demanding answers. Hopefully, folks will realize that something fishy is going on.The United States of America has bigger fish to fry. Maduro, don't flatter yourself.

You leftists are amazingly naive....why would we kill the opponent who would be slightly pro US? Seriously, if we were going to kill anyone to get oil it would be Maduro....jeeeezz libtards!

actually iran has been stirring the pot here. don't be surprised when iran strikes it will be north korea On one side iran On the other and them

Maduro, that is like we call ripe plantain in America.

It is Bush to blame

It`s easier to get rid of a tyrant before he actually takes office, it`s just good business. Don`t take it so personal.

Sounds like the new dictastor is planning on killing his opponent and blaming it on someone else....that blame game sure is a tool of the leftists....it wouldn't work if their followers were not such tools....

LOL,   Old game..  He's goons kill the guy and he blames us..    This is the preliminary setup.

Sure enough if the 'Supreme commanders' rivals do start gaining in influence and start dropping dead he'll be claiming its the CIA boogyman.

Not dumb.  Now he can kill the opposition and say, "See, I tried to stop the CIA from killing him!"Sounds like Maduro is setting up a plan to get away with murder.

Maduro sounds like a guilty wolf telling a fox who lives in another country to please not kill the sheep in Venezuela.

The poor will believe anything as long as they get their check...

This guy is a insane as Chavez.

This is all fairly crazy- seems like the people of Venezuela could do better with someone a little more sane and competent. Someone is making lots of money off that oil. The people only get crumbs from the table of joy- no education, training, democracy etc.

Wow, he's losing his grip on reality sooner than I expected.

he's running scared now .

Wow. Its always Bushs fault. No more twinkies? Bush did it!

The sure-fire key to political success in Venezuela is to demonize the U.S. Not a lot of love for us down there!

Look for the motive. In this case there is no obvious upside for the USA, but to make the claim enhances his position among the Venezuelan people.INEPTOCRACY (in-ep-toc'-ra-cy) - a system of government where the least capable to lead are elected by the least capable of producing, and where the members of society least likely to sustain themselves or succeed, are rewarded with goods and services paid for by the confiscated wealth of a diminishing number of producers.

look under you bed....they are out to get you....

Did he seen a drone in his country.

oh yea like we tried to kill him ??? guess what we dont try to kill anybody , we kill them

you're wasting your time Maduro. what Obama wants, Obama gets, one way or another.

So when Capriles burnt bullet riddled body is found Obama will be blamed? Charged, Tried, Convcted and sent to Prison for Life? Could it really be that easy?

I hope Venezuela becomes another Syria.  Civil wars are great to get rid ofexcess riff-raff.

Are all of the politician in Venezuela nuts or just paranoid? Why would they think the U.S. poisoned Chavez, Obama idolizes Communists

But this is what Obama does - f+cks countries up!

whatever, it all boils down to Venezuala owned CITGO and 100's of billions in Venezuala owned American T billsOh yeah, if that's actually happening, don't you think Obama would know?In addition to the American left, too many of our adversaries believe the anti-American BS of the likes of Howard Zinn, Bill Ayers, Sean Penn, and Michael Moore (and MANY more).The irony is that Obama was in that company (and may still be).

Standby for the next big news from Venezuela, "Opposition leader killed . . ." This article absolutely follows the Marxist's "Train and Tactics" manual!

When it comes to being charismatic, Maduro is no Chavez. The bus driver is in over his head.

reverse psychology.make him think we are going to kill his rival,but take him out instead!!

You know if I was would going to place a bomb in Washington on April Fools day,could you amagine the results. In the middle of the night, a SWAT tean would arrive at my house, along with dozens of fed. law enforcement officials.I would have helicoper's, barking dogs, &amp; bullhorns waking up all of my neighbors. they would haul me off to jail, destroy the inside of my house &amp; scare the death out of my wife who I wouldn't see for days. N. Korea developed &amp; tested their nuclear weapons &amp; orbited a satellite while being "sanctioned". Harry Truman in his days, this would mean war &amp; he wouldn't wait to act. My hypothetical bomb might kill a handful of people. A nuclear attack could kill millions. Now look what N. Korea got. More Sanctions. As the saying goes, there are leaders &amp; there are followers. Sadly, our president is almost as dangerous to us as N. Korea

lets make him an honorary citizen then drone him!!

Golly gee...I wonder what Maduro has in mind for Mr. Capriles? If anything happens to Mr. Capriles...surely no one will suspect Maduro now.

It is not conspiracy. The US government has a long history of trampling any nation with resources, and we were all over Latin America for the past 100 years. Calling this guy paranoid is like calling someone who buys an alarm system after their house gets broke into paranoid. Bush gave a shout-out to Venezuela as supporters of 'terror'. With their oil reserves and communist tendencies of course they're on America's short list to get steamrolled by sanctions or international action whenever the media tells you fools that they are a threat or they're suppressing teenage freedom fighters on Twitter.

these people are such liars!!chavez claimed that "capitalism killed a colony on mars"and that we never landed on the moon!!

Looks like the loony liberals have a new dictator in the making to fall in love with.The Government of the United States isn't plotting to kill the opposition in Venezuela ..But Exxon Corp and BP might as well be.

Capriles better hope he wins, if he doesn't, he's liable to end up in prison or worse yet MIA.

"Venezuela boasts the world's largest oil reserves." Hoo Boy.History must have gotten tired of leading with tragedy.  Now farce comes first.Tragedy will be along in due course.

you know Obama had it all set up and took care of CHAVESRichard

I don't believe anything that comes from the mouths of Commies--which includes our own Commie in the White House.

all things considered, i'd suspect maduro of plotting to kill his opponent and blame it on the c.i.a., politics as usual in south american marxist circles.

Venezuelans think that their votes actually count toward the results. Just like here.

i have it on very good sources  that maduro copulates with rats. book it.

This guy doesn't understand Obama's work ethic. He doesn't do anything so there is no way he is doing what this man is claiming.

There is no "plot" against Venezuela. They have phoney wacko mental case egocentric individuals like OFailure, Rev Jeremiah Wright, Van Jones, Sheila Jackson Lee, Maxine Waters, Pelosi Galore and Harry Reid just like we do here. The difference here is ours are educated in Harvard U, Yale U, Columbia U and Stanford U.If Maduro had blamed George W., you liberals would be gagging on his "Maduro Peni".

like obama would miss a day of golf to plot this clowns assassination.

If they keep parading with the corpse of Chavez, they will be blaming the US when Chavez falls apart.

Are dictators kids called tatertots?

Let's see if he can provide any evidence. Until then, it's just a toot in the wind.

Obama pulling at his curly handle bar mustache,.."Dratts Biden!...Foiled again!!"....

the new dictator is as paranoid as all #$%$-tators are

Talk is cheap. Where's the evidence?

Wow.  Now he can kill his rival, and said "I told you so.  It was the US."

Be may they are just trying to scare Capriles off the electionsThis is just as ridiculous as when Karzai of Afghainstan, said we were working with the Taliban to undermine security.  Where the hell do these morons get this junk from???

The world needs a good laugh. Maybe after Rodman visits he'll even threaten us with war unless Obama calls him.

Obama promotes divisiveness and hate!

I believe it..Obama and his Hollywood buddies will attempt to "praise him" to death.

They should call themselves the Paranoia party.

My goodness, another paranoid one.

Basically; I WANT to kill my opponent! So, to keep everyone distracted, I'm gonna blame it on the US, and then get rid of him, so the world will hate the US more.Guys. We ALL know, even Venezuela despises us, too. =/

idiot, as the old saying goes if we wanted him dead he'd be dead. get a life and some brains.

Introducing Chicago style politics to Latin America is Progressive diversity.

oye Maduro, tu eres un come pinga, estupido!.the castro's and Maduro should be put away as soon as possible, don 't You think?????.

lol, isn't maduro on the hit list.  any drones down there to do the job?

Now I believe in the Venezuelan tooth fairy. :-/)

Not Likely - Especially with this admin  !  They all went to the same school - Commie U.

I could see obama trying to kill right conservative candidates in other countries, before he starts trying that in the U.S.

Chavez was a horrible man who did horrible things to the people who spoke out against him.

Does this guy seriously believe that his people will blame us, when he assassinates his own rival?  There are large numbers of morons, here in the US, who are either part of the OWS crowd or the Ron Paul worshipers, that will believe any conspiracy theory. I refuse to believe that a majority of Venezuelans, who arent communists, are as equally dumb.

Obama and Holder thought they could set up their regime down there to escape prosecution when things go south here. They already have money funneled into the oil and gun market in Venezuela.

Obama does not do anything here but try and destroy his rivals, and he would not want to cause a Socialist Brother to lose in that country.  Maduro will kill him and blame Obama.

Now you know why Chavez picked him.""I call on President Obama - Roger Noriega, Otto Reich, officials at the Pentagon and at the CIA are behind a plan to assassinate the right-wing presidential candidate to create chaos," Maduro said in a TV interview broadcast on Sunday.""Yeah, every time the U.S. has assassinated a South American right-wing leader, we got into trouble.  Like when we assassinated...........No, wait.  What about .............? No, he was a left-winger.  But what about........... No, he won't work either.  I'm confused.  Exactly which right-wing leader has the U.S. EVER assassinated?

Obama needs to stop the plot against capitalism at home

The only plot Obama has is to shaft the middle class here.

Yes, the US killed him! Bad Americans! What...this? It's nothing. Quick! Look over there, the Americans killed Capriles!

talking about pre-emptive huh? That guy just gave out his plan and plot to kill HIS opponent...and like democrats are good at; blame on the other guy ...hahaha...or in spanish; jajjajja....

If anyone in Venezuela is a US target for assasination, its Maduro.  Would be ironic if he got thrown under a bus.

The U.S. also secretly controls mother nature.  Just watch!  Soon there will be a U.S.-generated earthquake somewhere on the planet.  Possible also the U.S. will cause a volcano to erupt.  Very likely they're generating rain and snow somewhere.

blaming the usa before they do it smart

chavez is channeling through maduro...lol

Obama and Maduro have a Machiavellian personality characterized by manipulation and exploitation of others, with a cynical disregard for morality and a focus on self-interest and deceptionAre these guys really a country or had Disneyland opened in South America?

This is soooo obvious!

There was a time that I would have disregarded these kind of statements as being ludicrous.  Now, not so much anymore

This freak will be elected, and the people will continue into the downward spiral that they have voted for.

In other words he plans on killing Caprilles because he doesn't think he can beat him and is planning on blaming it on USA.

"Fighting back against that impression, however, the government says Capriles is a well-funded puppet of both a venal local elite and greedy "imperialists" in the United States."So, tell us again.. why would we kill someone we're funding and trying to get in to power (if that's all true)?  ;P

FLASH!!! Maduro receives Hugo's moribund hypothalamus.  After the magic surgery in La Habana, Maduro is reported to have said, "Mi nombre es Hugo."

The Marxist Chavez ain't even cold yet, and the incoming dictator is already trying to evoke the anti-American hatred game. Love how he managed to insert Bush's name in the blame game. Obumbler idolizers will be spouting with love for Maduro now, for sure.

The  USA  has no intention to commit such act .This leader is just fabricating lies.They should blame their former spanish colonists.

Hey Obomber has already droned to death about 4,700 innocent brown women and children, so he's probably wanting to do this tooDrone hysteria hits  Venezuela - better to keep looking up in the sky

Delusional at best.

I smell an assasination scenario being set up by Maduro and his government. Blame the CIA now and then kill Capriles. Maduro can say..."see I told you so."  That gets rid of the opposition and solidifies his claim against the evil USA.

Nick isn't aware that the CIA is an independent police force that answers to no one.

All this concocted between nicolas and obama, as a ploy, to make sure nicolas gets the presidency. obamas a pro at telling tall tales. Shared his warped wisdom with his socialist brother.

It was interesting how all the assassination attempts against the opposition leader in the October elections, where committed using Government vehicles.

Venezuela doesn't trust the Obama administration! What a shocker! We have the best and most tranparent administration ever????? What in the world could be the problem??????

Stanley Meyer - Who killed the water-powered car???

Now watch, the opposition will be killed. This is his way of taking the blame off the government when they kill the opposition so they get back in office.

Probably just a ploy to extort money from us since we fund every other #$%$ nation in the world.maduro intends to kill capriles and then he will blame bush, obama, the cia, and the pentagon. his delusional 'plot' will prove to his people that he was correct about the conspiracy. he will ascend to presidency unopposed, will make the u.s.a look like the sulphur breathing devil to his people and all the leaders of the world who are as goofy and dangerous as he is.

Coming soon from Michael Moore "Drones above Caracas" to a theater near you.

i didn't even know Obozo was going to DRONE someone in Venezuela, but the fool he is ,it might be true.

sounds like he is having the opposition killed and blaming us for it

O'Barry should stand down at least until they have read the "will"!  Hugo may have seen to it that Barry is well taken care of!!

Straw man alert.

Probably true.  Obooboo can't accomplish anything here, going by results.  Has da Moosh STILL got TWENTY THREE  "personal assistants", and if so, what do they DO?

Sounds like far too much work for Obama to have planned.

Actually it is the United States that has the worlds largest oil reserves.  Thanks to fracking and other advanced oil extraction technologies.  No thanks to Obama.

As far as nations and politics, it's getting impossible to tell the good guys from the bad anymore!This man have his name  MADURO, like a MADURO QUINEO, ripe banana  CAPRILE has to be careful with this guy , they will  kill CAPRILE and said that was the CIA the one that kill CAPRILES until the people denounce this bullin

Man this guy with his conspiracy theories is a sick twist.  First we infected someone with cancer by remote control, and now we are getting ready to assisanate.  Well I am thinking the groundwork is being laid for a possible assisisantion, and a transfer the blame frame. Or the guy needs to to line his cap with tin foil and take meds for the voices.  Either way, how can any thinking person, undereducated and poor or not, buy the weird and drama filled crud he keeps saying.  a mystery that anyone is so dumb as to buy this campaign style.  lol.

But it worked so well in Egypt

Venezulas acting president is insane. Thats why Chavez chose him. Theyre both crazy.

The dirty cowardly communist slime murdered his master monkey and will have his idiot followers believing the U.S. did it.  Cuba would be the best place to look for the true cause of the great monkey's death.

These greaseballs are trained from youth to blame the U.S. for everything.  "Our poverty and social retardation isn't due to systemic corruption, mindless breeding, ignorance, and religious superstition....no....it's because of gringos from North America".

I guess we know now how Maduro intends to take power.  Will Venezuela fall for it?

President Obama assassinated Libya's Momar Ghadafi. Why can't he assassinate Venezuela's president as well?

Cia or private army trying to get foot in door for oil

So he is getting ready to murder Cardenas and blame the murder on others....How democrapic of him. He must be reading the same Alynski books as Barry Oblama!!And here I thought Big Bird and his friends did in Chavez. (Hopefully some in the government will get the joke.)

if we wanted him dead, we wouldn't play around. We'd send in seal team six or some drones to take him out

lets urge obama to stop plot to destroy our country!!

Translation:  Maduro plans on killing his opponent and blaming it on the U.S.!

Watch out for the Drones!   and don't drive in the same car with your wife and children.Obama wont hesitate to take them out too.....FYI:  Look what happened when the US tried to assassinate Castro.......

Paranoia strickes deep... and Chavez was all that. Henrique Capriles needs to watch his back. The only person who wants this guy dead is acting president Nicolas Maduro. Maduro wants to carry on the imperialist movement and doesn't want any competition.

obama breeds Chaos - world wide !....Class Warfare here is Class Warfare Everywhere !

Venezuelans claim Obama killed Chavez,  Rep. blame Obama for sucking up to Chavez. Both sides sound like idiots.

I never knew Obama was that smart or sneaky, to set up an operation that complex.

Translation: I (Maduro) will kill the opposition leader Capriles but it's not my fault. It's Obama's/USA's fault.  Leftism is based on lies and deception.WHAT DID HE SAY? We are plotting to kill the right wing candidate. Hum he is trying to blame  us for what he is about to do. If the people believe this then He will be a murderous hero to the poor.

I don't put it past this Administration....  And then they'll turn around and blame video...

Obama isn't that smart. Maduro is giving him way too much credit.

Sounds like he is setting the US up so he can kill the opposition and blame the US!

Once you allow populists to control the masses, they become socialists. Then they multiply like cockroaches. Venezuela is sliding back from having been the most prosperous democracy in Latin America to being just another Banana Republic. Of course the poor really enjoy seeing the middle class dragged back down after all their hard work. Sour Grapes only make sour whine.

You know, It's only happened twice in my life. Someone accused me of trying to hit them. I asked em, "Really", then I knocked the snot out of them, and asked em if that felt like a try.. maybe that's why I've only been accused twice...Just don't see the sense in making them a liar.If indeed we are doing whats being accused of, then we are doing a very poor job of it and really need to quit if this is as good as it gets. If this is as good as we can do, then we are in a world of hurt. If we are not doing what we are accused of, Then maybe we shouldn't make this people such liars...

GIVE US A BREAK. I can't believe they think we care that much about them. WE DON'T. Get over your poor #$%$.

He just needs a Snickers. He's a socialist, dictator, monster, idiot President when he's hungry.

These idiots are just as crazy as the North Korean leader.

Let's see if I understand this logic...the US is going to kill the opposition to support the opposition?That is unfounded P Obama and His CIA go fer doesn't have enough ba$$s.

Oh!!! I get it!!!  All that talk about the US giving Chavez cancer was a set-up for this!  Maduro is going to kill Capriles and then blame it on the United States!   He's going to say "See!  I warned you about that evil CIA!  Look what they did to poor Hugo!"

Hitler burned down the Reichstag and THEN Hitler blamed the communists.I think Maduro has flubbed this, he should have shot his opponent first... THEN blamed the U.S.

Obama would love Maduro as they are a lot alike but maybe the pentagon and others might want to off him and not his oponnent

Apparently, that picture of Obama with his tongue down Hugo's throat was really the Kiss of Death!And here I thought it was true love!

Why the Liberal/socialist lies so much, Obama never stop lying to the people in the USA, Maduro never stop lying in Venezuela, Fidel Castro never stop lying to the Cuban people, all Socialist/communist comming fron the same school.

This is the way the Left works...point fingers somewhere else, then nail the target, blame who you were pointing at...

The accusation of Acting President Maduro of Venezuela that the US is ploting to kill his opponent Henrique Capriles, is an indication that Maduro is plotting to kill his oponent to blame the US.

"Paranoia strikes deep, into your life it will creep...."

Sounds like he's assuming that oblamer is smart enough to pull something like that off...I personally think that Maduro has been smoking too much jungle grass and sniffing Hugo's dead buttocks.

They are giving the oil away for pennies. That is one reasons why the county is a mess. The bus driver at least had. Thats more than obama had.

he should worry about the US shooting his #$%$ not his rival

Sounds like a great set-up for his own people taking out his opponent.  It has been used before, quite successfully.  Always be the one to take the offensive so that the other side is constantly on the defensive.  Sure works in U.S. politics, and everywhere else I've seen.

He probably signed off on Capriles death sentence and is washing his hands before the act.

Who in Obama's administration talked?

Dead Man Speaking

Maduro says the US is going to kill Capriles , and the Venezuelan government says Capriles is a US puppet.  Doesn't sound like these guys have a clue as to what they are doing.  They can't even tell lies convincingly.

shallow excuse, mediocre gray matter, US or him plotting the supposed assasination !!!!!

All he has to do is kill his opponent and leave an RC plane at the scene, claiming it was a US drone strike.  We not only interfered in the election, but we also violated Venezuelan airspace!  ;PGetting so tired of these jealous American hating socialists.

he's playing games with his stupid followers.   if  the  U.S. wanted to take somebody out, it would  MADURO,  not the opposition.he  probably plans to take out capriles   and blame the  U.S. ,  once he does this,  " NO OPPOSITION! "   remember,  this guy only  has a  H.S. education. ,  he is not too brilliant in the way of politics.   chavez is not there to guide him.   it's a matter of time  before this  bozo disappears  because  he is not capable of running the country.

i see the sneaky  c.i.a up tp know good again  how much stock do they hold in oil companys

Well, Venezuela has a chance to change things around and get rid of the commies. I hope they manage it.

Anyone care to take odds on 'the opposition' getting dead in the next couple weeks, and being blamed on the US?

I see he is as delusional as Chavez was.

Are you people on crack?

Sounds like he's being coached by Russia and Iran, because he has no real plan for that country other than to worship Chaves like a god.

Capriles and other opposition leaders are dead men waitig for their 'accidents' at the hands of the Chavistas, not the CIA.

Shut up Moronduroz! Obama will kill you all - with a water gun.If the US wanted to kill you they would only have to push a button.........so calm down.

They seem to think the US spends a lot of time thinking about Venezuela.  Well, we don't.

The best way to stop something is to expose it.................................

Nicolas Maduro's claim to "fill Venezuelans with hate" doesn't hold water. People like Chavez have been doing that for years.

OBUMMER IS A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR POS

Maduro must have worked for the old National Enquirer.

Allow me to translate his message.  "I'm going to kill my opponent and blame it on the USA".

Maduro is just setting up the USA as the fall guy when he murders Henrique Capriles.  Different dictators same scheme. Now if Maduro can find all the billions of Bolivars Chavez stole from Venezuela.

That facists dog needs to shut his mouth, he just doesn't want his buddies to get what is coming to them. Obama will send them another strong written warning if he wants to.

this sound like the communist castro's brothers platt .Damn you people are stupid. Sorry to be harsh, but life is not a movie. History of Latin America and US intervention is evidence enough that this could be a legitimate threat to the stability of Venezuela. Too many examples to explain here. History repeats itself...

Meaning he is going to kill his  opposition, and wants to blame the US so the sheeple will see him as a great leader...Why would you need to ask Obama for help!? He's already on the side of socialist thugs!

What an idiot,why don't you drive a bus over a cliff maduro.it'd about the Venezuelans get rid of this puppet.

Chavez the nut dies and now maduro the nut rules!

Obviously it is Moduro and his camp planning the hit.

Coming soon to a corporate controlled media near you, "Maduro crushing teenage protesters who are using Twitter and Facebook to be free" LOL

If you are ignorant enough to believe that Chavez wasn't a lying, socialist, corrupt dictator, you are exactly the sort of uneducated voter Democrats count on for keeping them in power.

I urge Obozo to do what is best for America and resign!

what an ars*clown

One paranoid idiot replaced with another.I as a american feel better and safer since we have obama ruling us.

Crazy browns and blacks,,, what is wrong in their genetics ??

Obama and Hagel held a telecon this morning with this third world socialist nutcase explaining they had every intention of killing right wing politicians where ever they may be.Maduro, elated with this news, invited Hagel over for happy hour margaritas. Obama declined the offer due to a previously scheduled tee time.Film at 1100.

How transparent.  This approach by the incoming dictator is not even inventive.  He'll rank right up there with the NKs for this one.

LOL! THE CIA and hussein obama couldn't plot a course to Walmart.

Wow this sounds like Obama, orchestrate something and then blame someone else (normally Bush), the sequester, the,the,the. Scary similarity.

HE can't be talking about BHO he's got no 8balls plus his coutry's (US) broke

The fix is in.  He already has the setup to kill his opponent in place and the US as the likely scapegoat.   Brilliant.

he was appointed by a #$%$; and he is a #$%$-like obama-he's corrupt

This is a smokescreen. Maduro is going to have Capriles killed and he is laying the groundwork for a classic misdirection allowing him to blame the US..Obama the murderer!

What's scary is these people immigrate to America join the democrat party and work to screw up our country

Shut the F up

Hey! You #$%$ liberal idiots. Even his socialist buddies don't trust your boy Bam-Bam. What's that say about him?

If there is a stinking pile of #$%$ out there in the world somewhere then Obama has his hand in it.

Dolt!

Again with this sort of thing? When will Mr. Maduro learn that 5 tablets of LSD and 3 bottles of bourbon before breakfast are a bad combination for him to ingest? o_O

He must think we are all as stupid as he is.

seems that maduro want to lie to the people for his election but I believe he will never be president.

I think he shut his own head in the bus door one too many times.that's odd casto was to go first!

You can hate the system or love the game,or flip flop it. The bottom line is people hate. I don't need to like you to take your money. These people got oil,but because of political differences we just don't fool with them. Yea like we fool with the Arabs, they like us too.They like you so much they are always trying to blow you up or kill you. But the U.s has more Arab allies than South American.

Latin America, some things never change.

If the CIA was going to kill someone it would be Nicolas Maduro.

no doubt they plan to #$%$#$%$inate Capriles Rodonski and blame it on the CIA...and the dumb #$%$ populace (chavistas) will believe them.

I want the Martians to stop steeling the Klingons tribles and using their fur to make thongs out of illegal animal products.  PETA will get really mad if they don't.  Once we solve that I'll worry about the CIA trying to snuff the opposition in Venezuela.  Of course the CIA may continue its program of causing cancer in the leaders (Dictators) in Latin America (as Chavez charged before his death).

Believe me when I say that if the U.S government wanted some 2-bit political hack in some 3rd world country dead we could have just done it and you wouldn't even know.

Would Obama just Drone-out this guy

Sounds to me that his opponet should be careful since this guy is already blaming the US for something that he is planning.

already they plant a seed in the minds of the poor illiterate people of their country. looks like a conspiracy to me.And they say Maduro lacks charisma of Chavez? He definitely is at least as entertaining; give him some time and practice and he will exceed his teacher's success.

yall just wait...the drones are-a-comin

The Chavez government is Obama's model for using one portion of society, the poor, against another portion, the rich(except for himself) and outside influences. Chavez and Obama have both waged internal wars on it's own people. Both are cheered and adored by the poor(who will remain poor) and both claim others are to blame for the condition of their respective countries. Both are elitists who believe the only way to the top is through government. Both chastise the private sector wealthy as thieves.

they expect us to belive that a former bus driver and union thug from a third world country would have knowledge of what the cia is doing! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!

I knew he would need plenty of tight security, so he doesn’t perish in an unfortunate auto accident; fall over back wards in the kitchen on a butcher knife; smother in his bed pillow;  fall off his balcony; fall out of a closed window or mistake rat poison for an anticucho.Now it would be the CIA's, FBI's fault!

Sounds like Maduro has been drinking the Kool-aid left over from Chavez. Chavez was always claiming an assassination attempt by the U.S. was just narrowly averted by his 'army'. What would we want Venezuela for??

What he means is he plans to kill his opposition and wants to stir the pot so it looks like the US did it so he will get elected.

Delusional. Of course that's no suprise.

fascist world wide blame Bush for everything

Maduro is only following in the shadow of Chavez. Is he capable, who knows. He is setting the bar by blaming the US for anything that happens. He could have the opposition assassinated, and still blame the US.Sounds like something Obama would stoop to.

Maduro is fabricating, then spewing, this complete LIE about the US having a plot to kill his opposition, so when it really does happen, he will say "I told you they were going to do this!". But HE will be the one responsible for the killing. Maduro is going to be just as corrupt, or probably even more so, than Chavez ever was!!

Lets see, the CIA has been caught trying to murder Fidel Castro 8 times so Maduro is not speaking out of his hat when he talks about the US wanting to kill him.

What a piece of work Maduro is. Too bad Chavez's shoes are too big for him. Watching him clomp around in them is hilarious.

The worlds'  "stupid pill" factory is in Venezuela.

It sounds crazy but then we really don't know what our government is planning or #$%$ most of the time.

Translation: "We are about to bump off the other guy, so we might as well blame it on the CIA"

Obama trying to help another Dictator suck bag into power? Say it aint so....

Would be nice if the former bus driver got run over by a bus!

Hello:This is a smart plot to kill the opposition by Maduro, and put the blame on the US.The opposition should guard itself very carefully.Can the US sue him in the World Court ?He will have to prove by showing facts of what he saying.Do you believe that Maduro/Chavez, mixed blooded, brown skin men, like the opposition of a gringo culture and blood  ???If it is true, then let the US assinate the opposition, and then show the facts in the World Court.Or, is he blaming the economic situation of venezuela on America or the whites in the country ??Go figure !!Please stay tune to this station to get the latest news of this plot and the pyschosis  (the many sides of saying such a thing)  that surround it.Someone needs to remind them that Barrack is the Noble Peace Prize winner. It's George Bush causing all the trouble in the world from his ranch in between BBQ and cutting wood

The "good source" was Newt.

Typical Communist plot. Kill your opponent and blame it on the U.S.A.!!!

Venezuela?  Venezuela who?

This idiot is already ridiculous,he needs too go back too driving a cab.

Another Krazy Karzai in our midst...

This is all a Cuban script, prepared for their Venezuelan puppet Maduro to perform.And he thinks Obama is going to pay attention to a glorified bus driver who said that "Chaevz ascended to Heaven and he commanded Christ to tell the Cardinals to elect a latino Pope".We have seen enough stupidity this past week, from the NK's to the Venezuelan government.

History shows we have a bad track record.

If the US Government can screw its own citizens, we can certainly screw the citizens of Venezuela as well...

There is a history behind this.  The Freedom of Information Act found that Eisenhower told Dulles to "eliminate"  Patrice Lamumba in the Congo.  Dulles' reply is redacted out but Lamumba was eliminated.  The story at the time was that he was killed by factions in his own country.  People who were there at the time later said that he went before a firing squad consisting of 15 white men.Gee, clever set up to have your rival killed by your own guys and get it blamed on the gringo president.  It would be funny but when you think of the nut cases running countries like N. Korea, Iran and again in Venezuela, reality is stranger than fiction!

Maybe someone got caught with egg on their face....

Looks like things in Venezuela remain on an even keel - stupid.........

I see Maduro is taking up right where his goofy pal Chavez left off. The post below is absolutely correct.

so any coup to came will be on Obama.

Speaking of plots, the last survivor of a plot to assassinate Hitler has died. Ewald-Heinrich von Kleist is worth a google search. When telling his dad about a proposed plan to detonate a suicide vest in Hitler's presence, his father said “Yes, you have to do that. A man who doesn’t take such a chance will never be happy again in his life.’”

Maduro the bus driver - LOL!!! Almost as bad as electing a community organizer.

yet another country being ran by imbeciles, thought we were alone in that

Just wait till Bam-Bam tells his idiots that it's George W. really wearing a Muduro mask. His sheep will start bleating for a full on invasion of Caracas.

I love all these brainless patriots who comment here. We have a president who blatantly defies the constitution and everyone sings God Bless America. The truth is the US desperately wants to destabilize Venezuela because they have OIL. America in regards to foreign policy is decidedly self-centered and will stoop to any means to accomplish the goals our government's masters dictate.Lmfaooooooooooo, Paranoid Much.

So what have the Venezuelans done to America?It's unbelievable the propganda Americans will believe according to some ofthe comments here.

Obviously most of you know little about the history of US involvement in Latin America particularly that of the CIA. Try to do some research.

Classic play out of the Democratic Handbook. Its deflection pure and simple. Talk about anything else and put up a smoke screen so real issues won't come to the front.  Manufacture a crisis and make yourself look like a hero when its you and only your party that can resolve said crisis.

Well I for one still have high hopes of a close American-Venezuelan relationship during the next 14 years of the leadership that is likely to succeed Chavez - NOT!

My God, this is the oldest trick in the book! So when this guy does get knocked off (and it won't be by the USA) they can just say...."See, we told ya this is gonna happen". They will rub him out and blame it on the USA.

Maduro is like a baby hitler in the making.

old idiot replaced with a new idiot   great

Hugo Chavez lives on in his self pick Vice president. It the Americans killing us.

if obama wants him zipped up, he'll be zipped up. no place to run and no place to hide. just ask the 7000+ muslims he has personally issued orders to be taken out.Maduro sounds like a chick I used to date.

What is so stupid about Maduro's claims is Obama is just tickled to death that another fellow socialist will be elected in Venezuela. One more #$%$ to kiss and d*** he can take up his yahoo!

castro is the one who order maduro to blame the USA so he won't be blaim for the murder.

It must be that Maduro and the followers of Chavez are planning to murder Capriles and blame it on the US. They're now setting the stage for that.

Well, let me see..I doubt this is true because Obama sees no reason to cause chaos right now.He already has his Socialist guy in power..The only other reason if this right-wing guy is going to fall victim to Socialist thug politics, and disappear. Then they blame us.Did anyone hear Obama say he wants more tax revenues from the oil companies to pay his "green energy buddies"  They didn't get enough from us last time he stole our money bankrupted us (Solyndra)?Oil companies listening? He will probably just seize them if they don't pay up? Chavez taught him how to do that.

Look at the tactics dictaters use and have used all throughout history. You see just what Oblameo is doing. He is leading his following sheep to slaughter.

He's giving Obama way to much credit for having the brains to pull something like that off.

Cia working to get oil companies back in country,and exploit them

Maduro, a 50-year-old former bus driver ..... Of course he is.

Just like Obama, the wild claims find fertile ground with a dumb segment of voters.Palestinians unenthusiastic about Obama visit, reports AP.

one of the highest murder rates in the world ,, little food in stores ,, no jobs ,, polluted rivers ,,, rampent corruption in the police and government ,,,, great job chavez of keeping your people in the gutter and blaming others ,,,,, something  those running the US are striving for

It appears that Maduro's strategy is to provide a suspect first, then assassinate his rival later...

the USA has been blamed for a lot worse ,,,,, McDonalds , Burger King   , rock and roll . country music ,, cars , airplanes , computers ,,,,, Freedom ,,,,

Any nation without WMDs and with resources, especially nations interested in not using the dollar for oil transactions, need to watch their backs and make these threats around the US. It's like living next door to a heroin addict and not locking your stuff up when you're dealing with the United States, who will create a reason to bomb you at any time, especially when they tell the idiots here that there is a "Venezuelan Spring" or whatever made up lies it is

we are more interested in getting rid of our president, thank you!

What is left of the West is going down.

From the below comments it appears that right wingers don't know their history very well. For over a hundred years the US has tried to assassinate leaders and topple governments in Latin America whenever they opposed American foreign policy. Look up assassination threats against Castro, look up Chile's Allende and the CIA coup against him, look up what happened in Guatemala in 1954. There are dozens more example. Easy to find, if you care to.Now go ahead, thumb me down all you want. It won't change the facts.Maybe we'd be better of if we minded our own damn business?

Tin Foil Hat

nobama seems to be taking that "transparentcy" thing a little too far!!What is it? X-file? Are you hallucinating? Maduro

I say send Obama's sorry ess down there and let him run against him for president of Venezuella,we're tired of him f-en up this country anyways.

We have our 47% that will believe anything, they have 98%. Sheeple every one. Denial will not work. They will believe anything and everything that comes out of their leaders mouth.

Apparently he's setting the stage to KILL Capriles and THEN blame it on the USA!

the 0bama plot - is to arm Mexican Drug Gangs - and to help Cartels to murder and rape mexicans civilians - undermining the Mexican Government!

the 0bama plot - to to cover up for terrorist attacking the USA -

Reverse Psychology? Time ta put a drone up his (a)(s)(s) too.

0bama plots against America - not Venezuela

Los locos de Venezuela ...bunch of friggin morons running that country

Is this guy trying to show the people that he is even crazier that Chavez was?this guy is either paranoid or a gangster.

President Obama goes to a primary school to talk to the kids. After his talk he offers question time.One little boy puts up his hand, and Obama asks him his name." Walter," responds the little boy."And what is your question, Walter?""I have four questions:"First, "Why did the USA Bomb Libya without the support of the Congress?"Second, "Why do you keep saying you fixed the economy when it's actually gotten worse?"Third, "Why did you say that Jeremiah Wright was your mentor, then said that you knew nothing about his preaching and beliefs?"Fourth, "Why are we lending money to Brazil to drill for oil, but America is not allowed to drill for oil?"Just then, the bell rings for recess.Obama informs the kiddies that they will continue after recess.When they resume Obama says, "OK, where were we?Oh, that's right: question time..Who has a question?"Another little boy puts up his hand. Obama points him out and asks him his name."Steve," he responds."And what is your question, Steve?"Actually, I have two questions.First, "Why did the recess bell ring 20 minutes early?"Second, "What the hell happened to Walter?"

Let the people choose who they may. They have to live with it !

According to Nicolas Maduro, the US is out to kill a lot of people.From this I get that Maduro is planning to kill Capriles and blame the US.But wait! Chavez died and Maduro blamed the US for that....So Maduro wanted to be el presidente so badly, he killed Chavez and is putting the blame on the US.His real name must really be Murdero.

Let's act! Venezuela has WMD !  :O

if capriles is killed i wonder if the acting president will die of cancer?

Kill all the commie dictators!

The J.Guilles band quote from the 70s, 'Paranoia will Destroya'.

No;the CIA specializes in assassinating LEFT-wingers (because they themselves are reich-wing!) o.O ----- theyrule dot net , broadleft dot org , abovetopsecret dot org

To many people drinking the Koolaid.This is a plot Maduro is planning in blaming the USA he's got to have a escape goat.so blame the CIA  ain't socialism a joke, Q. What was Hugo Chavez  net worth ? A thief.Maybe the Devil we knew WAS better.

So in other words, he is planning to kill his opponent and blame it on the CIA.

So the vice president is plotting to kill his opponent and is laying the groundwork to blame it on the US?  Brilliant!  Death squads are next!

If i may speak on behalf the President Obama..."Nicolas Maduro you can go screw yourself"

not a bad idea

This is what happens when a union organizer and bus driver with barely a high school education becomes the big dog in charge. Oh those wild and crazy chavistas!

And next for uncovering the plot he will ask for Sainthood from the church! Saint Nicolas!  Get ready he's going to kill his opposition.

If that is true, then maybe Venezuela might consider striking first in self-defense.

If Venezuela is to survive as a free and independent country they will need to find some way to protect their democratically elected leaders from assassinations and coup attempts by the CIA.

he better look to Cuba, Chavez had Cuban Drs. , he went to Cuba to be treated .If the US was going to target any of the candidates in Venezuela, it would most likely be Maduro, since he is spouting the same BS as Chavez did for decades.  Sounds like a plot by Maduro to get rid of the opposition, and blame it on someone else.

Latin American's give the CIA far too much credit.  Learn to live up to your own failures Pedro, not everything is a CIA plot!

Why would the US want to kill Henrique Capriles? It would be more realistic if we were plotting to kill Maduro, he was Hugo's choice. Maduro seems to be following in Hugo's foot steps paranoid and a malignant narcissist. Senor Capriles I would hide if I were you, you seem to be on the political hit list and we are going to get the blame.

#$%$?  If we were plotting to kill someone, wouldn't Maduro be the more logical choice so we could install the other guy?  Either maduro's planning on killing Capriles himself and blaming it on us, or he's seen too many Oliver Stone movies.  Or both!

Bet madurohas a whole section up and running just to  blame the US for everythng. Next he will be blaming us for crop failures, oil tampering, and not giving him a nuke to keep up with the rest of the third and fourth  tiered nations.

Sounds like a Sean Penn movie

I can't believe the sleaze factor of these people. Is there any limit to how far they'll go...lies, maniputation, etc? I really don't see how these #$%$ can look at themselves in the mirror.

If we had spent the money in South America that we have spent in the middle east on those dud countries, the world be a very different and much better place. Why do we have to alienate those closet to us and have our gallant service men and women lose their lives in middle east countries that backstab us every chance they get?

I think Maduro will have him killed just because it can't hurt his campaign, and no one else will dare step up to replace the victim.

OK! Here we go again butting into other people's business! Leave them alone! Don't we have enough #$%$ of our own to fix? Damn! Let's fix our off #$%$ so we can show the World how it's done! So far all the rest of the World has seen is the C-SPAN "Congressional Comedy Show" and the "Feinstein Delusionary Ideals" show! I mean, come on, How DUMB do we want the World to think we are? I mean more than sending tons of money and food and then let them screw us!if you think teh CIA or teh whote house arent involved in Venez. and their to be new leader, than you are drinking way to much liberal fool aid.

I think the doofuss uttered this nonsense with hopes Capriles would stop or reduce his campaigning.

The people there should be more worried about Sean Penn going down there to dig up Hugo and humping  and bl^wing him one more time...

seriously

Venezuela needs to move on.....Chavez left a huge mess...the economy is in free fall....society is in a mess....huge brain drain as middle class and the  inteligencia flee the country. This Maduro clown is just doing what "fat boy" did....playing to the poor people with their stupid speaches and accusing the USA of killing Chavez....comical...sad....pathetic....

eah everyone knows that the USA doesn't do that lind of stuff.lmao.

Hell someone should have this nut come to the USA,We need a new clown in the GOV

Hey Maduro - If the CIA kills anyone, it will be you.

So, if Capriles is killed, Maduro will get rid of his opponent, look like a prophet, win the election, and blame the USA. A win/win/win for Maduro. Venezuela: another stunning success in the President's Foreign Resume.

It is interesting how the mainstream media changes within the last few weeks.From March 5 to 9, Chavez is portrayed as a celebrated socialist.From March 10 to 13, he is moved more to a dictator.From March 14 to present, he is becoming known as a tyrant.yep blame it on bush  Obama does why not him too

Maybe they should get obama first and help us all out. That's a win-win.

Is he preparing a skit for Saturday Night Live?

What's with these so called 'Leaders'? What kind of drugs are they on or how stupid do they think people are?

Are all people in Venezuela stupid or just their clown leaders?

These people who insists on running their own government contrary to what the 1% wants sure seem to have a lot of "accidents". Hmm...

....he give this administration way too much credit, they have short term memory loss so when it does happen they'll have a case of the Benghazi Blues and not remember anything....

Hahaha...this guy is just as funny as the other one.

See! Even in south America Bush did it! I did not know he was so powerful. Good thing his is not president anymore. We might get in trouble with someone that thinks they are king here...

They will blame us if he gets gas from eating beans...I think Mr. Maduro planing to kill his opposition rival and blame USA.

If the US wanted him dead, he'd be gone already.

sounds to me like he has already ordered his rival killed and is setting up the blame to fall on the US.  If this happens the only appropriate response, and he should so be informed, is to nuke their Caracas.

Obama really changed how foreign leaders view the US didn't he??

Can any of you imagine have Ralph Cramden (Jackie Gleason) as the President of your country?  Just what credentials did this nitwit bring to the job?   No wonder that Venezuela has one of the highest crime rates and murder rates on the planet.

I wish I could say that claim crazy, unfortunately what our governement does in the name of the American people is frightening.

Maduro must be planning to kill capriles!!! Not the u.s.

obama,maduro,hollane,putin,kim un and a cast of others in oh what a wonderful day to be a commie,if you haven't seen it you will not believe it.also making a cameo appearance mao and good old joe stalin.

Clown Car politics fromthe Bus Driver.

Madura could be right. It would not be the first time but I would suspect the order to be given by the CFR or one of the other globalist cabals. If I could prove it I would bet my pension that they killed JFK, RFK, &amp; tried to kill Reagan. You might google "the speech that got JFK killed" Ready naive jerks? Come on with your "tin foil hat" #$%$.Classic US gov't tactics. We label Venezuela, North Korea, and Iran as terror threats. Then the media does the playground games of 'Well they said they'd beat the US up'. Then the nationalistic fools who can't find any of these nations on the map froth at the mouth and want to fight on the playground.

The paid trolls are all here!  Saying the same thing over and over and over again.  Bright bunch.  But it takes up all the oxygen so the good guys won't hang out, doesn't it?

How comforting to know that the new guy is just as bat-guano crazy as the last one.

Are Venezuelan's really stupid enough to fall for such emotional tap dancing?

**It's just way too sad when, these days, anyone with an internet connection or a media outlet rabid for the latest rumor can accuse anyone, even our President, of whatever they can dream up, and get away with it for the most part. I guess it's actually sadder that there are people out there with an IQ of a slug who believe all the tripe.**yet if it's a conservative, you liberals bite on ANYTHING you hear from ANYONE, internet or otherwise. typical liberal double standards.

And Obama kissing there behind and send somebody over to pay respect to that #$%$!

...Maduro is essentially a Venezuelan democrat.

Why would we want to kill the better of the two candidates?

Most transparent plot ever seen. Maduro plans to do the deed himself and somehow convince his people we did it. Hmmmm

Hmmmmmmm....I wonder how Limbaugh, Hanity and Beck are gonna handle this....The 'evil socialist'  cabal in Venezuela is dissing Obama.It sounds like Madurro has an assasination plan in action and the US will be blamed.

Chaves should have been a target for America, not Saddam

O yes" a set up by the late  Hugo puppet buddy!

The LIAR owebuma soetoro unconsciously made a stunning confession in his effort to blame the sequester idea he suggested on Republicans.“owebuma replied to (rare) press challenges about his contribution to the problem, ‘Give me an example of what I might do.’ Then he proceeded to unconsciously answer his own question with further denials, declaring, ‘I am not a dictator. I’m the president.”“Understand his powerful ‘dictator’ image spontaneously comes from his mind. Immediately following it with ‘president’ he unconsciously confesses, ‘I am the dictator president,’” Hodges said.“For good measure he adds further unconscious proof in yet another vivid denial. I ‘can’t force Republicans to do the right thing’ – confessing again that in dictatorial fashion he was forcing the Republicans’ hands by not negotiating and failing to do the right thing.”AMERICANS say IMPEACH the LIAR owebuma soetoro NOW!

Now that Chaves is gone socialism will show its real face.

Typical socialist whackjob!

Liberal unionists/socialists are all the same throughout the world - they are all loons. Look for America to become the next Venezuela . . .

Taking a cue from Iran's playbook.  Smoke and mirrors to keep their citizens' minds on something else, rather than look at their problems.

What a great ploy to blame all things going wrong on Bush. It has worked before.

This guy is obviously happy to have that happened. This guy is totally is a jerk. Very much he is the one behind the scene.I don't know who's politics has more liars, cheats and blowhards; theirs or ours?

so really is that the plan by Nicolas Maduro to kill his opponent and blame it on U.S.A, sadly the majority will likely believe Maduro's conspiracy

Maduro has already threatened Capriles twice. He is just setting the stage so that when he kills Caprikes he can turn around and blame the USA. He thinks he is smart...but he is an ignorant, inept thief and thug.

So when Capriles is found in a burned up car the entire country of Venezuela will believe this ? How convienient. Capriles probably doesnt travel around in public right now, hes not sure who might come out of the woodwork.

Maduro is setting-up the USA.  His people will assassinate Capriles, then blame it on the CIA.

perhap there is a fear of a truly elected democracy investigating abuses of the current regime allegedly the looting of the treasury. how do poor   #$%$  so called socialists acquire billions of dollars of wealth in a banana republic? poor people cant be that stupid

Your Dam if you do and damed if you don't it seem that we will get the blame no matter who is killed trying to seek office in this great nation!  Chavez live out his life and cancer ate him up I've seen it to many times no matter what you do it just takes away all you have. I hope the people can see past Maduro and his lies and vote for the future of their country.

well.. now we know whats gonna happen to the other guy...........its been foretold....

Chavez was a lump in the world's shorts.

I have a feeling this guy is going to be worse than Chavez.Im sure lots of people in the US are glad to see Chavez and Castro and Kadafi and Sadam dead, wait ... Did I say Castro

Maduro is as crazy as Chavez was

Maduro, so you are planning to kill your opposition. Thanks for telling the world. Please do not point the finger at the USA. We have enough of our own problems. We do not need to worry about you. If we were plotting then you would be the target.

seems like we have lost a lot of respect the last 4 years

When the truth finally gets out about when and where Chavez died, the #$%$ will hit the fan with Maduro getting hit by the Chavistas.

Chavez reincarnated

Someone's bored...

sell all your oil to china and you have nothing to worry about, our corporate folks have already sold us out to slave labor.

If I were the opposition leader, I would kill Maduro first.  Self defense.

This Maduro guy is projecting his own plans in blaming the USA. He's going to do it himself. Capriles really has to fear for his life now with Chavez's machine gunning for him.Yep its always the United States fault. This is just another trouble making country that we have to deal with ......

Well, they have another NUT CASE! The next thing you know he will be changing his name to CHAVEZ. Where do they get these idiots? If I was his opposition, I would be VERY careful who got behind me.

Why do we even legitimize this wing-nut's statements by publishing them and giving them any weight whatsoever?!?!?

Nahhh, we had fun killing Chavez...slowly.

More craziness from the socialists in Venezuela. Their only hold on power is through demonizing the US.

Somebody drone this #$%$ so he'll learn what a real plot to kill looks like.

Venezuela, another failing society due to socialist communist policies that fail exponentially at basic math.

Perhaps Maduro is getting ready to kill his rival. This would give him a ready made alibi.

I wonder if the CIA added more to Maduro's water than just carcinogens.

Sounds like the venezuela government might be planting this seed in the media so that when the opposition leader actually DOES get assasinated by them that they can say "see, we told you the U.S. was planning this..." I'd watch my back.OMG!  I expected the U.S. to get dragged into this sooner or later. People you make your own choices, decide your own paths.!! We people of the U.S. live here and make our individual choices. Most of us live within our constraints of respect for one another, but the opportunities are enormous, and we have choices. They is why the government has term limits on elected officials. We don't have to worry about someone coming in and spending half his life demanding what people should or should not do!!  Worry about your next step after Chavez and move on. The future is is your hands and your hands alone, Venezuela. Quit throwing stones and move on!! I wish you luck.

and mean while...back in the USA........everything is so peachy,that we have to stick our noses into other countries business to come up with news....let's pay attention to our own first

Oposition leader Henrique Capriles Radonski  with Jewish Roots, Vows 'Fight' for Venezuela.

Americans never liked Chavez and won't like Maduro. Still, Vezezuelans will give Chavez's hand-picked succesor more than 60% of their votes.

Wow! Maduro wants to kill his opponent, so he blames it on the US even before he does it to create an alibi? What a loser...

Are you saying he hides better than bin Laden? If we want him dead cancel his Hustler subscription.

The United States denied the charge. "We categorically reject allegations of U.S. government involvement in any plot to harm anyone in Venezuela," a State Department spokesman said.If it were me I would have said, "shut the f*** up".

Thaks for all the concern former bus driver/union leader.  Such compassion from a guy riding on the coattails of his dead leader.

Maybe if he would have said that "Watching plans to #$%$ on Chavez grave" I would have believed him.

Si!!  Si!!  The gringos trying to keel him!!  Bush did it!! Socialismo forever!!So now, Maduro can assassinate Capriles and then blame it on the US. This guy is showing complete mental incompetence. Maduro is a wanna-be who is using the death of Chavez as a tool to steal this election. If that is his best weapon to win this election, it shows the ignorance of the people of Venezuela (those who vote for him).

Bus driver, !! Need we say More?

Forgive me, but this is funny!  Even the foreigners suspect party boy of evil doings.

we wouldn't hit his rival,  we would hit him... LOL... he was Chavez's pet dog.  This sounds to me like he is planning on getting his opponent wacked and blame it on the US.  How stupid if his country's people believe that.

Why Would US Kill Capiles?  It's Maduro They Should Cap.

If only this was true.

Let's vote for whackjob of the month.  Abinanuttybag,  Kim I Dung, or Maduroboog.

So there it is people another Nut taking over the nut house!

Something's rotten in Venezuela.

This is cute. The VP begs the US not to kill his rival, then he will kill the rival and claim the US ignored his pleas. And somehow the US poisoned Cesar. Ha, ha, ha, ha...Now he's talking like Chavez. He is going to thrive if he keeps saying nonsense like that.

Look if there was a plot it would be to take out the acting president which is what he sounds like hes afraid of

I would sure like to know what these venezuelans are smoking!!!!!!!!!!!!

"He cried more when Chavez died than when his own parents passed away". Tears were shed in jubilation because now he can enrich himself like Chavez. He will assassinate Capriles and tell Venezuelans that CIA did it.

Wow I am really impressed. I thought it was only the libs that constantly say "Bush's fault" but the Vennys are blaming this plot on Bush 5 years after he retired.

Maduro, another one of Chavez #$%$ wipes.

...his information came from "a very good source."Let me guess, Harry Reid's friend.

Truth is No one wants capriles dead other than Maduro and his cronies. Killing him to start a coup? to get the right wing elected? Not in such a short time as there is no one else standing in the wings to takes capriles place. Chavez and Maduro already Bankrupted,intimidated ,imprisoned or killed anyone else that would dare oppose them. Capriles is the ;ast Man standing that dares speak out against the regime and Maduro just can't stand that so He is setting up a scenario to cover up His asasination. SOP for commie dictators!

And please don't give me cancer after I win the election!

Nicolas Maduro drinking from the same water as Kim Jong Un?Remember ira-contra ? these people that run that country are crazy,must be using to much of there own drugs,

Who knows?

What a loser this guy Madura is. Same old cr*p, different nutjob.

What an idiot!  It's more than obvious that Maduro and his chavista cronies would love nothing more than to knock off Capriles themselves and this is just their way of diverting blame.  Maduro is a cold blooded murderer.  There are documented pictures of him shooting from a bridge at innocent protesters in Caracas back in April 2002.  I believe that's the date.  I'm originally from Venezuela but have lived most of my life here in the States.  Nearly all my family and friends have left Venezuela.  Personally I don't mind some of the socialist policies that have been implented to help the vast number of poor people down there, but when you start shutting down media outlets and jailing people who criticize you and turn the country into a fascist dictatorship then it's a problem.  Corruption has only increased under Chavez, and that was one of the main reasons people turned to him when he gained power.  And the level of insecurity has increased to the point that Venezuela is now the 5th most dangerous country in the world, and Caracas has one of the highest homicide rates anywhere.  Living in South America was always a bit dangerous but now nobody feels safe, and that's no way to live.  If the CIA does have to be involved then why on Earth would they go after the more prograssive, democratic candidate.  I'm not in favor of such subversive operations, usually, but this is one case that I wouldn't mind if the CIA did knock off Maduro and his cronies.  Maduro's logic is so twisted and his transparent.  Total idiot.

What a freaking moron????? Wake up Venezuela!!!!

Excellent plan by Maduro, now he is free to murder his rival and blame it on the US.  Sounds like Hollywood Sean Penn may have given acting President Maduro an idea from one of his movies.

This demonstrates that Maduro lacks the mental capacity to be president.  WHY would the USA assassinate Capriles?  Capriles wants to turn the country around.  It is pretty obvious that Maduro wants to see Capriles assassinated, and place the blame on the USA - all of this for Maduro's political gain.  Hope the Venezuelans sent the bus driver on a new route - out of power.  Talk about ignoring the constitution!  Maduro is not the legal president of Venezuela.

I think that Maduro intends to invade Argentina, destroy Buenos Aires and kill all of the new pope's relatives four generations back, then do the same in Paraguay killing all the guaraní. OK, Maduro, now it's your turn again.

the only plot here is for Venezuela to blame the US, why not? Obama blames everyone on a daily basis...

Maduro, go play in traffic!This guy probably has wet dreams too! What a stupid statement by a leader of a Country, and we thought B.O. was bad!

Obie stopping the spread of Socialism...Funniest fricking thing I ever read!

While you may think this Maduro, saying so out loud without a shred of evidence, just makes you lose credibility. Worse. It sounds like you're trying to plant this idea in Venezuelans' minds before you kill the opposition leader yourself.

It's rumored that the "very good source" was one of the passengers on his bus.

Even the venezualan people see adolf obama for the nazitrash he is.........

Love the liberals posting on here lambasting the Venezuelans as idiots when Bam-Bam did the same exact same thing with George W. and you liberal numbnuts are still eating it up.

So.....if it's not true, he's a liar.  And yet.....if it is true, he shouldn't say anything ?  Clever how Americans and their propaganda and intrigues work, isn't it ?

The reason Marxists like Obama and Maduro win is because they don't hesitate at constantly lying to people to get their way.  The other side while they may lie at times is hesitant and squeamish at doing so and does not tell big lies all the time.

Sounds like he is using Obama's playbook. Accuse, then do it and blame the people you accused . Brilliant

Obama really has little to do with this. Venezuela has large amounts of oil that the United States would like to have and Chavez didn't give it to us , therefore if this new President doesn't cave to our demands ,then he has to go also. That's just the way we Americans roll. If you don't do business our way , then you die. It's all rather simple really.Sounds like Maduro is giving Obama some ideas for his third term.

A good way to have a boggeyman to keep the country scared.  Bush and Cheney used the same tactic.

Sounds like he is building an alibi for when he has him bumped off. Capriles is a more intelligent man than Mad-uro and did not need Chavez's anointing to be a viable candidate.

it sounds like he's setting the stage for something tragic and wants his Venezuelans to blame Obama for what is to come ... smart ... very smart.

Chavez lit another cigar.  "That is a neat trick you taught me, how to light it with my finger," Chavez said.  "I thought that you would like that" replied the Devil.  "You really helped me a lot in Venezuela, got a lot of people killed and disappeared, but you were not efficient enough about it."  "Really" Chavez replied, the ash falling from his cigar.  "Yes, that is right.  That is why I had you come down here years early.  I speed-groomed your pal Maduro to take your place." The Devil said slyly.  "Oh, why was that?" The normally talkative Chavez was at a loss for words.  "Why, he will be much more efficient."  The Devil smirked.  "Blood will flow, Churches will be closed down, old people and children will be trampled.  It will be glorious for me, Hugo!  And you helped me to make it all possible!  Thanks, pal!"  Chavez's blood ran cold even though he was in Hell......

maduro is #$%$ of bullsh88kt !

"The United States denied the charge. "We categorically reject allegations of U.S. government involvement in any plot to harm anyone in Venezuela,""The drones don't means we are planning anything nefarious. We're just studying the environment from the air."

This way when they kill Henrique, they will have already put the bug in everyone's ear that it was the US that did the deed.  Smart, heck no, there is nothing smart about a bunch of dumb latinos.

Maduro...like the color of a turd...

We  are  going to  inject  him  with   cancer and  left-handedness  to achieve  it.Hes setting up his alibi already before he has the guy killed.

Life is but a dream, do do do do do..........................

I guess that Maduro is about to kill him, and he is already making a case to attack the USA. I am sure that this was Talked about when The Iranian President was there for Chavez's funeral. Iran wants the USA destroyed, and he will use his cronies Venezuela, Nort Korea, and Cuba to do this so, Iran, and Russia can attack Israel. Too bad Allah can not help them.Israel WILL get  help from  Their God, showing who is the real God,

maduro is just a clown! maduro has zero experience of anything other then blaiming his own people!!! LOL

And the crazy begins . . .

Pretty sad when you need to use immature lies for political gain , Chavez did this and it looks like this Dork is doing it all over , wow that makes Chavez a great leader acting like a dork

Nicolas Maduro was Chavez gay lover, he would take Chavez to the base of the shank and was even known to let him drive it all the way up the Hersey Highway and into his chocolate love tunnel.

this clown is just tryinjg to drum up hate.  Dictators need to have someone to hate and focus all their negative energy on if they are to remain in power.  What a stooge.  he doesn't even realize how igorant he seems to the world.

This is just ridiculous.  Chavez was an idol of Obama, a model.

And the US Government denies any plot to harm anyone in Venezuala.  And we will not harm any US citizen on US soil via DRONES!Even if the US wanted kill a diplomat in Venezuela  why would the US want to kill the opposition leader ? when Maduro would be the logical target ,Sound to me like Capriles needs to watch his back ,because it seems a plan has been put in motion to kill him but not by US that's all a smoke screen,sort of "I told you so,see i was telling the truth ,America is the enemy"and most of  Venezuela would believe it because that's how blinded they are.

Capriles days are numbered it seems and Maduro going to pin it on the CIA . Talk about calling your shot .

Sounds to me like he's planning on killing his "rival" himself and laying the seeds of blame on the US. Doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure it out.

CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela's acting president urged U.S. President Barack Obama to stop what he called a plot by the Pentagon and the Central Intelligence Agency to kill his opposition rival and trigger a coup ahead of an April 14 election.What the C.I.A. implicated in destabilizing countries,God forbid .LOL

Wouldn't be the first time the U.S killed someone to get what they want.

What the hell is in Venezuela's water, other than dysentery?

Actually, Nick plans to have Capriles killed by one of Chavez's former henchmen and all this fuss is to set up a pre-alibi for coming attractions.

"We categorically reject allegations of U.S. government involvement in any plot to harm anyone in Venezuela,"LOLOLOLOL!!!Lets see....in the last 60 years the US has assassinated or overthrown the leaders of   Guatamala, Nicaragua, Panama, Ecuador, Haiti, Chile, and Grenada, plotted and financed a failed coup against Chavez, and a very recent failed assassination of Evo Morales in Bolivia, but they would neeeevvvveeeer harm anyone in Venezuala....REALLY....We REALY Mean it.LOLOLOLOL!!!!

Must smoke a lot of Cocaine down there and everyone is running around " paranoid "

Sounds like Mduro has our number.You don't need Obama to create chaos in Venezuela, Maduro is doing a perfectly good job at continuing the Chaos Chavez started in thaat cess pool of a country, and besides, OBama is prefectly content in just creating chaos here in America, he does not need to go elsewhere!

I'm not sure about the accuracy of this guy's accusations but it's 100% certain that the NATO oil plunderers are plotting something to try to take control of Venezuela's oil.

Translation: Maduro is planning to kill Capriles.

I believe Maduro is planning to off his opposition candidate and is trying to start a cover story blaming the US for doing it.

Only idiots will believe the lies he's spewing

Hmmmm!!!  Looking like Mad-uro is going to waste his rival and blame it on the Bush administration.  Transparent much?  This is what happens when a nation allows an unlettered   bus driver to lead their country.

obama doesn't have the balls to do anything like that

LOL. Problem with numbskulls like this guy is when they make things up they make it too complicated; if we were going to kill anyone it would have been Chavez. Why kill someone to start a coup? Just kill the guy we don't like.

There must be something in the water.

Nice try Maduro, you certainly had a nice mentor and by the same token making Fidel proud!!!!This guy is crazier than Hugo! This clown is so stupid he could have been the room when they were "plotting" to kill Capriles and he still wouldn't have the brains to kow what was happening. He's totally clueless.

I smell a stinky case of plausible deniability.......it sounds like to me Maduro is using the tensions with the US as a scapegoat to murder his opponent.

This very believable, wink wink, nod nod...   Think they bought it?

Yes the US should stop trying to kill Henrique Capriles and focus on killing Nicolas Maduro.

I thought things would get better when Chavez was out of power but hes being replaced with Chavez two, so hateful towards the USA the mission is to scare the citizens to hate them too.

Nicolas Maduro you are heading to the wrong road!!

what kind of crack are they smoking down in venezuela? dam these fools are paranoid.

Wow its amazing how this guy is trying to gain power. Fake concern for a rival's life from a plan that doesn't exist to show compassion and love and dupe your citizens into voting for you. Nicely done

It sounds like Venezuela is planning to murder the opposition leader, and blame it on the CIA.  He's just preparing the way for this to happen.

Notice what communists have in common?  They play the blame game no matter how dumb.Guilt racks the mind of the capatilist while paranoia invades the socialist mind.

Now the Pig will have someone to pin it on when his thugs kill the opposition! See, I told you the Americano's were behind it! So transparent that even a blind idiot can see!

Obama's Fault

Picking up where his predecessor left off, I see.

FOCKKKK...did Chavez just reincarnate??

If Henrique Capriles was smart he would plant someone and have them say they saw Jesus or Mary in their tortilla and wants the country to vote for him and not a glorified bus driver/union leader.

if it ain't a drone...it ain't us...........

So basically: pre-emptively blame U.S for what he's about to do.

The guy is obviously insane.  Why would Obama or anyone plot an attack against a competent, intelligent man who could possibly make things better for relations with the US?

The USA is out of Venezuela, it is likely the Current acting President Wants to KNOCK off his opposition blaming the USA for it.yeah off that guy instead

Wacht out Capriles,This mother F.Maduro are going to try to kill you and blame the USA.Same tactic use by communist,diferent country diferent Mother F.S.Bag

Bless our oligarchy and GLOBAL plutocracy..

This is incredibly stupid.  If anything the plot would be against him and the US would be supporting his opponent. There is absolutely no motivation for anyone from the US, left,right or center to kill his opposition.The most absurd is to claim U.S. right wing forces are after the opposition. This is highly illogical. They would be most opposed to the extreme left policies of Maduro.Could Maduro be so obvious as to kill Capriles and blame it on the US? That country is in real trouble now that they have a brilliant ex-bus driver running the country. He might turn out to be even worse than Chavez.

if maduro wins he,ll drive the bus of the cliff

'MADURO TO JOIN TWITTER'....just what the world needs another nit twit !!!!

Classic CUBANS double agents, cold war era moves..I bet the cubans are behind this plan

Just remember who flew the cocaine in from the 1980's. It really was the CIA im not even kidding. He could be correct about a plot, however why would the CIA want to kill a right-wing leader? I can understand if he was a socialist, by all means socialists should be killed

he must think his audience is stupid.

Ahhh Venezuela, where even a bus driver can dream of being a president.......To me it sounds as if that is his plan and as Obama does he is putting the blame on others before the crime. If he keeps saying this and the media keeps telling you this, then when he kills someone you will believe what you have read.God Bless America, Semper Fi

Perhaps "Maduro the Idiot" intends to kill the opposition and blame America..A prelude diabolical act of a desperate man wanting to be like the mad man Chavez!

this maduro is chavez puppet, and a big fat mouth,he is next no brains.

Were a easy target!  We call the President a liar, so in their eyes he and the rest of the country who elected him must be liars!

"Just because I'm paranoid doesn't mean nobody's out to get me"

Blah, Blah, Blah......

it's a clear case of PROJECTION... Is theVenezuelan   "dear Leader"  planning  something bad  and blaming "imaginary" enemies???

in spanish called conspiracion in english called grassy knoll

Yes, Maduro, we are really that smart.  Give me a break.

i think henry better hide, Maduro has a plan and it doesn t enclude him and they just found someone to blame it on.Sounds like he's taking a page out of the old chavez book!! Conspiracy theories to distract the masses! I guess Iran does the same thing! What do you know they are allies!

#$%$ him ,too !!!

the jeep type,((tiuna ))??made where..???

Obama would never hurt another Socialist.

The CIA and our military would NEVER assassinate anyone! I just don't believe it. They are always the good guys.

Wonder if this is a diversion from Maduro's plot to blame the USA after he has his opposition murdered?

Sounds like he wants to kill his rival and blame it on America.

Where would American politicians be without their black bags, black ops, and deceitful military along with its corporate blood suckers...

Who would want Obamas help he cant even pull his own head out of his #$%$

Why are all these guys in Venezuela whack jobs?  Must be the heat...The Messiah Barack Hussein Obama is good at playing the Blame Game.

You dont have to have a college degree to know that this corrupt, very ignorant leader and his associates want to keep the power and will do anything necessery to win the election.

To gain the support of the improperly impoverished Venezuelans, you have to blame the US, or at least some country that the poor think live such a good life.  How many South Americans died in WWII, Gulf War, Gulf War part II, OEF?  Part of the handbook that Fidel Castro created to sway opinion of the masses of the poor that they create.  They have the opportunity to distribute but, insist on keeping the masses poor.

Is it possible that we COULD have done this? Serious replies, please.

"The butler did it."

Word is around Caracas that Maduro is a homosexual.

He is just garbage but what can one expect from "a 50-year-old former bus driver and union leader...."

Maybe Obama sees Venezuela as the next Dictator ship now that Chavez dies

@ hmm, sounds more like the ol lib trick where you plant the seed, do the deed &amp; blame the other guy !!!Right out ofbthe barry playbook !!

Is the US going to swallow this insult just like that? Maduro should be taught some lessons. He's planning to eliminate the opposition candidate and wants to blame it on the USAMaybe Joe Kennedy can run against Sean Penn and they can assassinate each other (with success, I hope)

I guess blaming the U.S. would give you cover when you kill your rival.

If the USA was after him,  he'd be dead before anyone had a chance to talk about it.   A bunch of psychos, nothing new in the world .

you folks down in ole venny can have mr oblama  please !

Obama is a Communist, he loved the the Chavez Socialism!!

CIA ' History of assassination.

I guess Maduro is unwilling to take over Hugo's position beneath Barry Soetero.

Looks like Venezuela will have another lying POS as its leader. Wonder when Sean Penn, Michael Moore, and the other lefties will quit being hypocrites and move to "paradise"?

This is typical of our shady government.Always poking their fingers in everybody's eyes...They have absolutely no respect for anyone!

While I seriously doubt the US has any desire to kill anyone these days, there is definite precedent. Hell, we overthrew more governments in the 50's and 60's across the world than anyone can count. That was back when the CIA played hardball.you have to promise to hate America with all your might or you cant be leader

Honestly why do we even worry about these third world trash countries.

Nicolas Maduro is looking for an enemy and who is better than the United States, he well know he is there because he was appointed by Chavez, There will be election and if he win that is what the voter decide if he lose he will go out blaming the United States.It is very good to go out looking for an enemy that do not exist, Chavez was all over the place blaming the United States by all the illness in Venezuela but he did not stop sending his oil to the United States, when a President of a country like Venezuela making billion dollars can buy friends all over the world. Money and power mean nothing there are a lot of village poor people that never visit a city and live over hundred years.Life is full of mistery at the end the day you have to go you have to go blaming the United States, China, Russia for your country illness mean nothing, a good President is no the one that give a litle rice and beans to the population a good President is the one that allow freedom of expresion. Hopefully one day the Venezuelan people will find outt most of their riches was wasted by a man that want to be a Revolucionary but never fought in the mautains!Ideassoul

america needs to declare war on Venezuela and wipe them out, then take the oil ..I am stick of hearing about these atheist communist #$%$ !

All too credible, I'm afraid.

Where does Reaganism fit?

How is this surprising? America pulls the strings and influences many countries elections. American hegemony.

So far, this guy Maduro, has the potential to be as bad a person and leader as Chavez, or worse! - Venezuelans, prepare for more years of corrupted government and social and economic downgrading.

So Maduro must be planning to kill his opposition and do a preliminary blame on the US. Sound about right?

He too is crazy as a S**t House Rat.  Been snorting that coke from their allies.Maduro needs to get his face out of his rear view mirror and start looking down the road to Venezuela's future.

The famous words of a professional bus driver... LOOK OUT!

This sounds like HIS plot, not Obama's.

Venezuelans will be really dumb if they elect this "garbage" truck driver. After all these insinuations, the US should stop all oil imports from Venezuela and sever the diplomatic relations until Chavistas lose power.

I hope the people from Venezuela are smarter and not keep this trouble maker Maduro.

Los Venezolanos en el pais estan jugando con FUEGO al meterse ignoradamente conlos Estados Unidos , lo mejor que le puede pasar a ellos en Venezuela es que Estados Unidos tenga una nueve relacion con ellos al igual que los EEUU , ya que la economia mundial seria la mejor en tantos años en inflarse otra vez . Esperemos que los Venezolanos del pais no sean tan BRUTOS y te lo habla otro Venezolano que esta a grito para ver mi familia que desde que los chavistas cojieron el poder no he podido y mi familia por no ser chavistas estan presos de politica . Odio a los Chavistas y si quiere saber quien soy dismelo , estupido de Maduro , Ojala te maten rapido, y venga un inteligente a Miraflores a Presidencial mi linda Rica Venezuela. Un ignorante correr la Presidencia de Venezuela seria absurdo y un bochorno para todos los Venezolanos en el mundo . No se si Capriles tiene el mismo interes de ser parte de EEUU pero se ve muchismo mas inteligente que este ignorante corredor de guagua publica que no tiene ni escuela . Bendita sea nuestra Venezuela y que las oraciones lleguen para que Venezuela sea Venezuela otra vez. Basta del Socialismo y dejemos nuestros paises hermanos que tenian tanto trabajo para la gente de Venezuela volver , como Canada , EEUU, Gran Bretaña , y muchos otros que Chaves saco de ahi con su revolucion . ViVa Capriles!!!

Dude is delusional, smoking some bad weed. He should switch to the real Colombian stuff.

How can anyone believe that the United States is anything but up front and honest, wishing only to further democracy at home and abroad without deceit or deception?

senor maduro,that dog won't hunt, as we say here in the u.s., nobody is buying that story, even the usual gang of idiots on our left are laughing at you. try running an honest election and abiding by the results.

pretty much count on obama doing whatever the "normal american" does not want.maybe he can give our $ away or maybe some of our rights that would make obama and the left happy!!!!! JUST SO LONG AS NO WORKING TAX PAYING AMERICAN BENIFITS!! (i beleive this to be obamas motto)  OBAMA SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i wonder why its always the US getting the blame...

Bus drivers make great leaders, never mind them!!

Hugo Chavez dies and the stock market hits a high not seen in 5 years.

Fortunately, Capriles recognizes (see article's para. #9) that MADURO is threatening HIM!

What do you expect coming from a bus driver!  If you ever visited there does not take much to be a bus driver!!  And brains are not important.  He is as crazy as Chavez, thats why they were friends.

maduro has to go, he is lost without chavez!  people weak up! his NO good

His name is Henrique Carbrilas Radonski.  Why not use his full name, eh?  He is for cutting off ties with Iran, ending oil to Cuba and building better relations with the US and Israel.

Like the one before him he is afflicted by diarrhea of the mouth

Sorry Maduro, your reverse psychology won't work here.

We need to send a group there to show them how serious we are about peace with them.  Jimmy Carter, Dennis Rodman, Jessie Jackson and a few Hollywood Whack Jobs!the US is scared to death that the oil countries are going to not trade in dollars any more. so the feds will resort to anything to try to keep life in the dead dollar

Sounds to me like the acting president is accusing the United States for something that he himself intends to do.  Isn't that convenient. !!!!!!

More desperation and manipulation.  Paranoia at its best.  Great theater.

LOL, Socialist koolaid drinkers don't know what to rant now.Hugo Jr, is saying their ObamaNation is trying to have him overthrown, by killing his rival.Sean Penn was seen in the fetal position trying to decide if he's a Socialist pawn or a "RACIST"...  LOL

ESTUPIDOS

\Sounds like Maduro is getting ready to assassinate his opponent then blame the USA. Classic for these bush league dictators.. Problem is the idiots in Venezuela buy into this trash.

Sounds to me that Maduro has taken out a contract on his opposition and is wanting to use America as the scapegoat for it.

I wish it s time for the US TO PLOT TO KILL U MADURO.Your the most despicable ,dishonest liar and fabricator!!!

Jeez...this guy is as crazy as Chavez.

he must have some very good STUFFWhat a stupid tool !!!

When you look at all the other leaders that the CIA has had killed, this isn't too far fetched.  I mean how many times did they try and kill Castro?

they need to elect him for best Bus Driver of the year award

Maduro is no Chavez. He will win the election but he has a lot of work to do to sound as crazy as Chavez to be able to command the popular vote at will.  But blaming the US for every possible "worst case scenario" is a good start. I wonder if Chavez left Maduro a "To Do List" to replace him.

What Maduro is doing is setting the stage to kill his opposition himself (his party), eliminating his competition and at the same time blame it on the United States turning the Venezuelan people further against us. Pretty sneaky, I hope people are smart enough to see through this smoke screen.

Hell yes !  those are some stupid schitt heads in Arg.  There are more poor people than there is govt, revolution should be their grito . Not hanging your heads a n crying for that dead ex pres. He died of cancer and and he was the cancer of that country . Now they have another schitthead ready to take his place , real smart people.

Duh, sounds like they'e ready to kill the opposition leader and blame the USA

the 0bama plot is against private jobs in America - He is destroying them all.

Maduro acts like a 10 year old. Grow up Venezuela!

Maduro el Cabezaduro! King Cabezon! His thing is little, his mind average, his ideas wishy-washy. But this guy and the other cronies have one thing in mind and that is dictatorship. When the plaster the stupid ghetto people to the dole and keep them there than there will be true People Democratic Processes at work. Of course that means going the way of any communist dictatorship.hear they go again putting the blame on the United States so they can stay in power. I feel sorry for the poor cause the are being made to look like fools and bet they are not. Chavez said he was going to help the poor with the oil there country has, are you better off since he was in power or no?

Text book Communism in the works.  Competition and rivalry will be murdered.  Sean Penn and Oliver Stone are beaming with pride.  What a shame.

The world is flat and has no atmosphere or water!

#$%$ is the US sticking it's nose in for?

Unless he has American citizenship the USA government will NOT harm him. But if he does, God please help him.

it's like these guys are stuck in the 1950's...i sure hope that a majority of venezuelans can see that the proposed deification embalming of chavo and these paranoid, hysterical allegations of assassination plots and coup attempts are the calling cards of fascist dictatorship.  it's one thing to enact popular social and economic reforms and it's obvious that chavez accomplished that, but venezuelans need to get with the program and elect a government that can interact with the world in a mature, modern way - otherwise, they will continue to slide into isolation along with the likes of Iran and North Korea.

More like Maduro intends to murder his opponent and pin the blame on the U.S.

False flag, anyone?

Sounds like a set up, and that Maduro will order the killing.  Then use this "pre-issued news" to use as, "see, I told you the US was going to do that."

This is one time where a military invasion, government overthrow and seizing oil assets is a good idea.The lady (the western corporate press) doth protest too much!

Ahmajinidad is NOT a "very good source" for information on what America and the CIA is doing. I have news for you Mr. Maduro, America doesn't really care about Argentine politics. We would prefer to not have to deal with you, but we aren't going to interfere with your political process of electing a new leader.

I hate when you U.S gets involve in our countries affairs. We have enough problem like it is. Lets deal with our problems first.

This is funny!

Frankly,   I'd rather see a coup here.  Even the DOD could run things better than Washington is right now.

There is no plot to kill his opponent. It is a low brow trick to put fear into his opponent and to place blame away from him.  Maduro is not the one who should be leading your country. If anyone, it would be Maduro that the U.S. would want to remove so that a more democratic government could be put in place.

obama wouldn't plot anything against his brothers

hmm actually, sounds like a coverup for  them to get rid of our 'president' and cause a coup to happen here? on the other hand, is that such a bad thing should it happen???*TONGUE IN CHEEK, just so no one really thinks I want that to happen*

I wonder if we have drones flying over that country?

Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player, that struts and frets his hour upon the stage, and then is heard no more; it is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.William ShakespearIt should be Maduro that is in the crosshairs !

i think hé wants an excuse tout eliminate his rival

The comments here show an astounding lack of knowledge about US policy in South America since the Beginning of the 20th century. Rubes and tools shoot their mouths off here, armed with nothing more than faux fantasies.

Sorry Maduro we can't even afford gas or bullets to come down there to do it so your on your own to explain how it happend when it happens. Sincerly American Taxpayers

lmao

These people are as nutty as the Tea Party.

i killed Chavez, i slipped him a pill supplied to me by the CIA that causes a person to get cancer in their toe and it spreads throughout their body (takes about 14 years) then just when you think they are gonna die of cancer....wham! a massive heart attack takes `em out!

Wow, Maduro you're an idiot. How can the Venezuelan people elect such a insane moron?

Some Venezuelians have the same problem as Yahoo Hater/Fox News followers- everything is the fault of the black President

Maduro is just fishing for an invitation to the White House, Chavez tried for 14 years and he never got one.maduro go back to the bus business before is too late #$%$tu es un pandejo como hugo chavez

From one dead crackpot to another crackpot. Venezula, please take obamo and you will have have had 3 crackpots.

Oh no are we up to no good again... imagine that

Wherever there's oil................

Its so easy fault the USA, beside we have our fingers into everything.  especially countries with oil

Like we would listen to him. We tried this many times with Castro, and we did this to install the Shah in Iran.

another stupid mexican

USA should invade Venezuela , free there people,stop the drugs from passing through there country and take there oil.

LOL! He wants to be Chavez SO badly! He should be careful - we gave Hugo Anal cansa - he got it from being the passive partner during anal sex with Uncle Sam! Yes - he was Uncle Sam#$%$.

All Maduro needs is one win on the coatail of Chavez. After that, the brain dead people will submit to his will and promises of free everything. Kond of like what Obama is doing over here.Typical commie - kill your opposition and then blame the Bushs. Paranoid A- holes should be ignored. Anybody remember Ross Perot - " the Bushs are after me "

These guys think that we have nothing else going on? Really, ah I think the middle east trumps you guys.

Yet no bombast against chere chavez was successfuly treated by doctors cancer??

Eric Holder gave the order!

HAND OFF from IRAN and any ISLAM countries to spread the words about Islam in South America.  F U ISLAM.  If any Islam religious people in South America...kill them all!

Yeah. The US is the cause of all of Venezuela's problems. Don't think for a second that it's your Obama-south politicians.

Obama = Hitler

It would be more like Obama to try to make friends with these people than it would be for him kill anyone. More propaganda? This guy will now have that man killed and blame it on Obama.

The USA will NEVER stop sticking its nose where it does not belong.  Always trying to put people in power in other countries that will serve its interests...

"As always, should you or any of your I.M. Force be caught or killed, the Secretary will disavow any knowledge of your actions." True.In 2002 there was a massacre (sniper attack) of anti-Chavez protesters and pro-Chavez supporters to create enough chaos to imprison Chavez and install a pro-USA dictatorship. Why wouldn't "they" try it again?

First he blames the US for giving Chavez cancer, then he says the US is planning on killing his rival. No, HE's planning on killing his rival and then he will blame the US. He has more of a motive for it than we do.

I have said it before with chavez and I am saying again with this nutcase: when these communists dictators want their idiotic base to support them they will do anything to keep governing the country. If they feel they are losing the election to the opposition, they will get rid of the opposition. That they are preparing their opposion-killing moment is obvious to me. Of course that they will blame it on the U. S. is predictable - just remember what castro said before, including blaming the U. S. when a hurricane hit Cuba in the 60's. Well... I don't feel bad for the Venezuelans - they elected chavez.

Nothing new... Communists DICKtatorships always have some type of paranoia against democratic countries (like always, the USA).  It's a norm.  The USA is also plotting with McDonalds to make sure Venezuelans become more and more fatter so they can die at early ages.

Well it certainly wouldsn't be the first or twentyith time the U.S. in her history has taken out a foreign leader and ones who were supposed to be friends, and usually democracies.  What are the figures of attempts on Castto--600+? Noriega ?  Ha, we gave him immunity after all his crimes!  Reich and CIA?  Fits.  However it could be an attempt at assassination the President could be completly unaware of.  This stuff happens from the permanant 'shadow' government, time and time again.  Everyone read CONFESSIONS OF A CORPORTAE HIT MAN by John Perkins?  You can just do his name on You Tube and get info.  John was the highly paod hit man.  At 73 and a life of all this and warring.......I'm tired in spirit.

Chavez was by no means a gentle, well rounded leader. He lifted Venezuela out of crushing instability and poverty though and made them a serious trade partner globally, increasing the nation's wealth dramatically. He also never declared war on multiple nations and then proceeded to bomb the whole Middle East with drones, but the US is allowed to do that because we know what's best for you.

Has any body told him that we're going to shut off the under ground oil pipe line that supplies them?  The Bush Family has the key to the switch, I've seen it.  That idiot will have to go back to sucking bus fumes again.

Capriles is a smart man. Maduro wants him out of the way and is blaming the US so he will look like some kind of hero to the Venezuelan people. The US would prefer Capriles as president I would think.

This song has been sung by Chavez, Castro, Daniel Ortega, and now Maduro.  The sad thing is that the poor and uneducated majority believe their nonsense.  Welcome to Latin American Communist politics.

WATCH:"Confessions of an Economic Hit Man" on the tube...His opposition better watch out?  It is Maduro who is planning to kill his opposition and want to blame USA so he is just laying the foundation for future defence!

To ensure that Maduro gets enough votes, the temporarily annexation of Cuba and Iran by Venezuela will enforce its new citizens to vote for Maduro. If he is that desperate and by any means necessary to win, Capriles may have to be force out of the map too. Maduro is a dangerous looney-tune.

what a total dork...  an act of a delusional paranoid dweeb. what a total embarrassment to the country

Obomber will do absolutely anything to push his agenda, even assassination.

You are the biggest idiot in venuzuela who never passed the third grade.You are a bus driver and anybody can expect your lies.First you made up a story saying that USA poisoned Chavez .now you are telling CIA is after your opposition.How can Chavez be poisoned by US bc He was not in US soil for a long period of time,It is CUBA who poisoned him with Chemo.You   have two tounges and you make stupid stories when ever your tounge turns.

wake up america! our u.s. government are the terrorists!

It  is  crystal clear ... this  is  a pathetic  ploy, propaganda  by the  "Maduro government." It  is  they,  not  Washington,  who wants  Capriles killed. What  does the foreign press have to say? This  is  a regime that would crush all opposition if the world wasn't watching.

I thought it was just neon-cons in this country that though Obama was plotting the over throw of our government. No wonder he can't get a budget through he got all this plotting to over throw the world going on.....

"During his 14 years in power, the charismatic but divisive Chavez, who died March 5 after a two-year battle with cancer, often denounced U.S. plots against him and his "revolution." Critics dismissed those claims as a smokescreen to keep voters focused on a sense of "imperialist" threat."================================================================WELL, IT WAS MORE LIKE "CAPITALIST" THAN "IMPERIALIST".BUT SAME OLD CUT-THROAT PROFITEERING..VERY BELIEVABLE UNDER BUSH/CHENEY

Sorry azzzhat, Obama is to busy plotting against the American people, your pissant little countries not even of his radar.Ralph Kramden was a far better bus driver and would have made a far better president this dummy. I feel sorry for the people of Venezuela…

No. He is going to remove his rival and blame the USA. He's just getting the gullible to believe that he believes what he said. If I were Capriles, I would be very careful with this rat bus driver.

Absolute power corrupts absolutely

The u.s. Government never lies. We all know that. 9-11?

Idiots ask yourself this, is it even possible to give someone cancer? If the answer is yes, then its murphys law, if it can happen, it will happen.

In other election news, the Maduro campaign released video of Capriles with his pet iguana caged on the top of his car.  Also Capriles is being accused by his rival of not doing enough to save Chavez of his cancer death.I haven't seen Axelrod lately - heard he was spotted in Caracas.

Comment like that makes me think he's setting the US up to take the blame if it becomes necessary to whack the opponent.  We will see.

If it were true, we would have taken out a lot of other leaders before Chavez.

Sounds like another nut job wants to run the country

Lies. If anything this communist regime is going to kill the opposition and blame the US for it to cover their own tracks.If you think about it, this is pure genius. Now he can kill as many opposition leaders as he deems necessary and blame the USA.. Not that we wouldn't do it,, it's just why bother??

Evidently this aborigine Maduro is another feeble minded psychopath. I say go back to your tepee. Incompetent people should not lead other humans.

Denis Rodman is an incontrovertible nincompoop. We should deport him to North Korea.

You're right, Maduro. Forget that we are having problems with our own government. Obama, CIA and Carney decided that they've been bored so, why not assassinate your political rival. At least we can safely say that March Madness has NOT been Obama's top priority lately. "Last sentence is supposed to be sarcastic"

Just only two weeks in power .....

WHAT INSANITY! WHAT LUNACY! I'VE HAD IT WITH VENEZUELA! After 14 years of Hugo Schitte Head driving the Venezuelan economy into the ground, one would expect the Venezuelan people to finally wise-up! If they actually elect ex-bus driver Nicolas Mad Dummo to the Venezuelan Presidency, there is just one logical thing left for us to do! We should categorically refuse to come to their aid when when they finally slide into social and economic chaos! Ignore them completely! Leave them to their misery! They would be entirely undeserving of our consideration and largess!

#$%$   CRAZY  MADURO !

Let's see............Claim the US is trying to kill the opposition, the do it yourself and eliminate the competition, win the election and continue steal money as Chavez did. It could happen  ;- )

He`s doing what Castros` ordered him to do.What do I was the president of this country?Go ahead kill him, blame USA,but we are going after you Mr. Maduro.

Everyone who thinks Maduro is just setting the stage for his own killing of Capriles, stop. That plot is too silly and obvious.so maduro cried more for chavez tha his own parents ..so he care more to destroy  the venezuelan people   because that was what chavez was doing ..

oh great, another wack job,

This one is sicker than Chavez.

Maybe we should take Maduro up on his accusations and place him on the hit list.

What is he talking about? Is there something in the water down there making everybody crazy?

No way Obunga would EVER do anything to harm a fellow communist cannibal!  I'm surprised they haven't given them a few of our best drones like oboingo did for Iran.

Meet the new boss. Same as the old boss.

Oh I get it- they shoot him and blame us- what a set-up!

Did Kim Jong Madura just launch a premptive nutbag conspircy theory against the Obama Administration? I smell a ratpublican. What do you want to bet that his campaign coffer just increased by exactly $10m?

Hugo is calling you "Madu"...If half even 1% of these claimed plots were true, there would be a whole lotta dead leaders that are still alive. How is it that we are able to kill all these people yet they are still all walking and talking....

you can't fix stupid....

do venezuela need je*w president   ? mr henrique capriles radonski ?

DANgggggggg......you caught us..we AINT SORRY either.

Venezuelans are smart, they know how the US works

These guys sound like Sarah Palin.

The White House Monkey thinks he's God. Please, someone shoot this festering pus of a president and maybe we can get this country and this world back on track. With multi-millions out of work while companies like Apple hoard $1T in cash, that tells you volumes. Trying your luck at Monster or CareerBuilder? Guess what, those jobs aren't funded. Companies are just harvesting resumes so that when there's a turnaround in the economies, they have a strong candidate farm to contact. The answer is getting rid of Obama and removing the Democrat trolls in Congress. Did anyone see the CBO report that in the first 5 months of this fiscal year, spending is up $30.5 billion vs. last year? And this monkey says there's no debt problem? Hello, the US dollar depreciates at 10% per year. When Monkey Boy and Bernanke roll the currency presses 24/7/365, that increases the depreciation on world markets. Economic suicide.Here's the end game. While the Dow is artificially high, the bond market is the key. When that pops, this country will experience hyper-inflation. Then the US goes Greece. Did anybody see where the Cyprus govt instructed banks to seize 10% of all personal accounts? It will be coming here soon. Totally beyond the pale. The EPA requiring nasty burning ethanol from corn in gas raises feed prices for livestock due to limited availability of feed. You get hit with higher food prices while this ethanol smack is a huge polluter. Translate further to produce, transportation costs and that's why prices are out of control. Just wait until inflation hits and this country will be eating Top Ramen for all meals. Add the Monkey is blocking Keystone and we'll still be kissing toes of Islamist Fascist Mideast Oil countries.But if you want to visit the White House, be prepared to cough up $500K for the Monkey. If you're an elementary school wanting to tour, fuhgeddaboutit. And by the way, that $500K goes to his highness' tax-free 501.c3 organization. Fair share, huh?Bottom line is how stupid can you people be in the US? Can you not see the forest for the trees? It's already evident most of you have the education of a turnip with the performance of the NEA. At what point do you wake up and realize the party will be over and you and your family will really be screwed. Goodbye yellow brick road.

This is what happens when you have a bus driver running your country.  Wake up!

Distract the ignorant by using the USA as a bogeyman

Left wing people are nucking futs, so when Maduro kills Henrique Capriles he'll blame it on the USA.  Can you believe we are seeing this in the 21st Century?The U.S. govt. seems to have many hands in many places around the globe. It would not surprise me if he is telling the truth. The fact is we can never be sure of anything when it comes to those in power.

Governments lie.  Recognize that they are both lying, and try to figure out what the truth might be!

The CIA starting a coup in a latin country? Now that's just ridiculous...

Just because people used to be plumbers, bus drivers that they're all dumb. But I guess this guy is one of the few who also believes in UFO's.

Good to see Maduro's every bit the unstable tyrant his predecessor was.

Wow, if I were Capriles, I'd be picking out my headstone or getting the H out of Dodge.  If this guy is telling the truth, then he's got a hit out on him from the CIA and if he's lying, the current government is going to kill him and blame it on the Americans.

His "reliable" source is the man in the mirror.

is this lunatic , ex bus driver supposed to be president for the next 6 years? G-d save Venezuela. I hope that the Venezuelans did not sink that low to endorse this man, claiming stupidities beyond belief and drive them down the cliff. Next to him , even Hugo Chavez might be declared a saint. Don't cry for me Venezuela, I told you so!

Obama is too busy wrecking the USA to give a damn about Venezuela.

Hah.  Even nuttier than Chavez.  What a challenge.  I have lived in Argentina and traveled in a few other South American countries.  Everyone I have met have all said most Venezuelans are nothing but trash.   The rich ones, like Carolina Herrera, fled the country.Estes Escremento Presidente de Venezuela creers  lo que sale de su fundillo? Does this dude really believes the manure that's coming out of his butt?

This way when he kills his rival noone will suspect a thing. Pure genius

The CIA should take out Maduro, thus protecting Capriles from assassination from the Marxist government.  It would be a Win, Win, helps the Venezuelan people and gets rid of a nasty dictator to be.

Well we have an Idiot as Active President of Venezuela and a stupid US President that wouldn't commit to anything without talks.  I don't think either one of them could accomplish this plot.

Que hipocrita y que "inmaduro" es este maldito nicolas podrido, claramente se nota que esta siguiendo estrictas ordenes de cuba pero como discipulo de los castro comprueba ser mucho mas estupido que su finado jefe, con sus tacticas castristas, si algo le pasara a Capriles nadie mas que el inmaduro y sus compinches serian los culpables.

this guy got a whole lotta crazy goin on

This want make a mark on the liberal brain.They are incompetent little weasels of the world. They pray on the ignorance of the ignorant for support. Look back thru history. Adolf Hitler, Vladimir Lenin, Joseph Stalin and Mao Zedong. These liberals killed well over 50 million people along. Than you take the Castro punks in Cuba. Look at their failed countries. Each and every one of these punks were liars and thieves. All failures in the end. All they ever maintained was rule over the ignorant people who did not know the facts nor did they want to know the facts. The Mongrel Obama is the same as the ones mentioned above. These types of fecal matter people are all ways paranoid of the people. These are all Tyrants. Lie, steal and cheat the people out of their God given rights to be free. Ignorance of history will let history be repeated.So the little sissy boy of Venezuela is the same. Nothing but lies to maintain the theft of his country.

So this guy is running for an election and want to save his opponent..I don't catch it ! maybe it's st. Patrick

This is as obvious as the sun shining in the day... Maduro is preparing to assassinate Capriles and blame it on the US.

They have Fox News in Venezuela?Almost all the Anti-Americans also hate Obama while most Pro-Americans like Obama.

Always whining, Obama stop giving guns to our drug gangs, Obama stop trying to kill our leaders...

This guy is Paranoid. Thank God he doesn't have NUKES.

Sounds like they want him dead and they are going to blame us!!!

Getting better by the minute...what will be next...Venezuelan government blaming the US for bad weather and humidity levels?

This guy crawled out of a trash dump somewhere in Caracas , dusted himself off and now will become that very strange place called  Venezuela 's next leader. God help them.

But no one can stop Karl Rove &amp; #$%$ Cheney!

Paranoid.  Chaos will ensue in Venezuela because the people of the country do not want socialism - shared misery.  Hey Venezuela do you want a president with littloe experience you can have Odumb@$$ for 16 trillion dollars

See what happens when you spend 50 years overturning governments and installing imperial puppets !!Now, every loose-canon, crack-pot, rhetoric spewing, dictactor can invoke marshal law and claim the CIA is plotting against him or his country.  And everyone pauses to consider if it is possible or even trueMy country's reputation was destroyed by the CIA !!

I guess he has studied the history of the CIA. Maybe he learned something from Castro's love affair with the CIA.Sounds like he has Obama confused with George Bush and Richard Nixon.

What Venezuelans fail to realize is that NOBODY CARES about their endless political dramas.

Our government is noted for assinations and murder all over the world.....people are watching you...Obama or anyone else who is going to make the attempt.

People who do too much coke are always paranoid of everything even the untrue.

it is really will be an easy walkover for Nocholas Madure, He can easily make the sympathy of his mentor Chavez death in to vote, then why this allegation? i believe he is a smart politician who understands American media power, Maduro tactically played the game and put the westerm media in diffence.

His claim is typical of an uneducated person.

I urge 0bama to halt his evil plot on America

Well, what do you know? They get rid of one insane person and another takes his place!

If socialism didn't work at all for poor people then the US wouldn't fear it that much and just let it fall by itself.

Bus driving is just a half a notch above shoe shining, both jobs been among the lowest ones. They are filled by low class illiterates, and second grade dropouts. Nicolas Maduro is the Poster Boy of these "professions"!!!watch the documenary; Confessions of an Economic Hitman for the 'how-to' edition.

Obama is a Marxist so he will go on. No question about it

Can't you see what Maduro is planning? He wants to kill Capriles and blame it in the USA.a 12 year old can figure that out!!!!

The US still acts like it owns S. America.

10 to1 this Capriles lives out the election now.

The CIA would never. do a thing like that, just look back at their history they are the good guys. Got help Venezuela .

Do not trust Americans

Everyone in the ju-s-a knows the jjeeww cia for what it is.No suggestions are needed from the new chavez successor.The average citizen in amerivitz is frightened ofthe control exercised by our jjeeww regime,its media vampiresand certainly the "abu graib" cia.Maduro will continue the vigilance ofour ju-york gang of oil and lithium thieves.As we speak....they are lining their silk suit pockets withlibya's oil and afghanistan's lithium deposits.They created 9-11 to psyche and enrage the citizens....So as to attackdestroy and rob iraq to satisfy the bush-wolfovitzbunch in "bloomberg-land".The same trick was employed at pearl harbor....To make our boys enter  wwii for poland's jjeeww slums.No navy yard in the world would have beenso un-guarded,  unless on purpose.The trick will always work on the sheeple.Forget rand paul and rubi(n)o.We still need president ron paul.Un-jjeeww-owned.

The ravings and rants of the prototypical Latin American goof-turned-chief give an indication of the simplistic mindset that prevails among the bulk of the populace.They are like sheep, you can sell them anything and they'll buy it.  Why do you think they call them Banana Republics

his information came from "a very good source."--same source as what told George WMD were in Iraq?You can believe anything about the CIA, no matter where it comes from

Henrique capriles radonski a j**w -they need him controling and establishing  new  world order !

Nice... Venezuela will have a bus driver as a president   lol

This makes me miss Hugo's brand of #$%$ already.

Maduro is insane, lunatic.....what will US get from it. He is making waves of sham pronouncements to stir the Venezuelans! he should not be elected as President! If Caprelis was killed it is under Maduro's orders, mind you! He likes to follow the rhetorics of St. Hugo Chavez!

That Maduro is being ridiculous!  When have factions of our government or the CIA EVER used assassination or other forms of meddling to affect governments?????????????

Enough of this #$%$. What is going on in Kenya? Where is today's photo of Moo'Shell'Leeka's beautiful arms? Is the prez playing bastitbaw or gof today?

capriles is already a dead man. Nicolas Madura will kill him soon like a chicken and USA will take the blame.If this happen USA most invate venezuela at once to help the people of Venezuela,Nocolas is nothing more than a BUTCHER.

Power mad people will say anything to keep that power.  Like a drug, they become addicted to it.  Hopefully this guy goes down like a flaming MIG 25 or whatever the Venezuela Air Force flies these  days.

Normally, one would provide some strong evidence when one makes such a strong accusation.You know, the way we have been acting around the globe - I wouldn't doubt it. A few years ago I would have blown this off as another madman's delusions. Not anymore.

He sounds like the perfect successor to Hugo Chavez. He's paranoid and idiotic just like Chavez was.

Another uneducated delusional!

Maduro's a bigger nut case than Chavez.

mad-uro a commie rat coward

Sounds like Maduro wants to kill Caprilles and pin it on the US. Just how Hitler started WW2 by ordering SS to kill German citizens and blaming it on Poland.

maduro must be smok'n too much poca lo lo , maybe we should send the worm to see him ... dennis rodman.. rodman seems too work wonders for fat boy in North Korea......cuz OBOZO be outa touch so to speak

When the USA doesn't like you, something usually bad happens to you(see Assange, Saddam, Khadafi).

Yet ironically US wants Caprilles to succeed....and here Maduro says we want to kill him? Oh please...

How did he find out we are planning to kill his rival, Mr. X2 (his official code name given to him by the black ops secret naming guy, Fred, at the CIA)? What the hell is going on over at the CIA?If the USA is going to be a major oil producer by 2030 (according to major reports) then why are we still fighting for oil?  I say lets all those OPEC, Russia, and other producers sell oil to other countries.  We will not need them.  By the way China and India will need USA.

The real truth is, the Venezuelan government is going to kill this guy's rival and blame it on the CIA.

This Venezuela leader is as paranoid as the tea party here in the US.

Very nice, Nic. Kill your rival and blame it on an old foe. You must have been watching too many Hollywood movies.

Fart accusation! This Venezuela dude is smoking #$%$.

I wonder why the US gets blamed for everyone elses screw ups (or in this case Maduro's plan to kill Capriles).

we the American people are not plotting anything, but If you want Obama you can gladly have him! we could care less about your country!

Our muslim is a war criminal

The article has to be bogus. The first sentence called Obama a leader.

Step 1. accuse US of a plot to kill Capriles.Step 2. kill Capriles and blame US.step 3  tell everyone thru the media: "I warned you about", therefore investigate US.This plan has been implemented by many dictators before.actually, maduro is an uneducated, over-the-head ego without a trace, and a 'bus driver' for life.... who cannot lead venezuela.... but over a very bad cliff  filled with never ending high crime rates, inflation and problems with public services created by chavez.... let chavez rot w/o peace in hell!!!

Now murder your rival and blame it on the US

DELUSIONAL.......

Wait... If Capriles is a "puppet" of the US, than why would the CIA want to kill him. Sounds like Maduro wants to have his cake and eat it too.

I like the old days when "The Company" actually took "care" of these #$%$-ant Banana Republic leaders.

The USA would never do such as thing! But why do the names Reich and Noriega's ring a bell...oh wait... death squads and assassination programs across Latin America in the 80s. Okay, point taken.

I bet the Bus Driver is Drunk again, he is a child molester

"untrue, outrageous and defamatory" Oh c'mon, talk about protesting too much. There are countless sick control freaks lurking in the US power layer, they're almost addicted to offshore assassinations and triggering coups.

capriles Radonski is a J*88W !

This guy really is a fool.We have done it before.

Does the "good source" live in N. Korea? (aka crazyville)

"We categorically reject allegations of U.S. government involvement, and if any of your crew are captured or killed, we will disavow any knowledge...."

If it's "untrue, outrageous and defamatory," stop doing it.

Deee peepol are estupido, we say dee U.S.A. eez goeen to keel our foes and then we keel dem. No reely, I saw eet on I Love Lucy, eet wil work.

What can you expect from a bus driver? United States should ignore those non sense comments; after all this guy is not going to be where he is now very soon. Just wait until the people learn the fortune he left to his family. What Maduro should start doing is to start packing before is too late.

Capriles better be watching his back and have security people he can trust because it's as clear as day that Maduro will kill him if he can.

Senor Capriles, please watch your back.

La farsa sigue!! Hay alguien que cree esto?  Hay tantos ignorantes en Venezuela desues de 14 a~os??????????

One day Americans will be taken aback by the extraordinary measures our country has taken to ensure our way of life.This man Maduro is very stupid if what the media says is true.  I hope the people of Venezuela, the poor and working class that supported Chavez are capable enough to realize that man is not Chavez, He is not educated civilly or militarily, and that an educated man would not accuse another country of a killing plot without prove.

HAHAHA!

Why isn't he lame stream liberal press supporting his theory?  If a socialist says it,....it must be true.  That's what they do with Barak Hussein Obuttplug.

man where are this Idiot's made would someone please shut the valve off,

Maduro, you may be right.  Better ask Castro how to get the right security.  Just saying.

How stupid can you be.

...and they will be devouring each other over the presidential seat as you roll over in you tomb."

How many of you wish these people would just drop off the face of the earth

Anyone want to take bets that capriles will be dead soon...and Maduro will be moaning about the CIA killing is por unfortunate rival?

Typical leftist tactic...blame other in advance for what you plan to do.Well let me see if I tell the world somebody else is plotting to kill my rival and he actually gets killed then the world will think that the guy with no motive would be blamed.  Wow this guy should be a truck driver.

Oil companies have a hardon right now.

If there's a plot it's against Maduro the communist not Capriles the democratic one!

what a big #$%$ ! blame it on the US. for his troubles !

Typical politics  try to grab public support by cheap trick.

Maduro is a total jerk Communist pig!!!!

Like I've always noticed..where there's an election campaign, Obama just can't keep himself from joining in the fun and excitement in one way shape or another.

Hmmm.  Could he be referring to the 'Attack of the Drones'?

Maduro is tacitly threatening Capriles.  He is saying the Venezuelan government can kill him and then blame it on the US.  The Venezuelan govt probably has no intentions of killing him, but they do want to scare him and make him become paranoid and pay for more security.  And they can come off as defenders of Democracy and the opposition to the less cynical voters.  It's sickening

Don't know if your old enough to remember this skit by SNL. The one where the guys talking to one faction then giving the other guys a gun and telling the other they have a gun. Funny so funny. Well thats how it works!An embarrassingly simple minded attempt by Maduro to set up a way to assassinate Capriles and blame the U.S.   Its pathetic but not surprising from Maduro a bus driver that did not complete 5th grade (it was to hard).

Why would the US kill his opponent, they would kill this Drunk'in Fool

Oh GREAT!  They're electing a "conspiracy theorist".

More communist propaganda.

What a dipstick!

This guy is like Afghan president Hamid Karzai; making outrageous and  wild allegations about stuff that he knows nothing about.

Maduro was behind el presidente's posioning to start with..................

This is like a bad, direct to VHS '80's movie!!

We thought Hugo Chavez was crazy.. Oh no Maduro is the real crazy.

Do not let Romney invest there, he will screw uLet's face it, the US and CIA HAVE been involved in many shady plots around the world for decades! Most of which we'll never know about.

Why would any leader fear being killed by the current regime? that wasn't a problem for Bin Laden, Quadaffi, Mubaarack, oh wait.. never mind.

Now Maduro can off his rival and the stage is set to blame the U.S.

people, do not muddy the waters of your thought here comparing obama to chavez/madura.  You are taking this serious situation and overlaying our own situation here in the US on top of it.  Did you know Chavez has nationalized over 40% of industry in Venezuela?  Did you know you cannot even get flour, milk and eggs in most stores because of this and his 'peg' against the USD$ that is way overvalued?  Did you know that poverty is 35% plus in this country, the murder rate is comparable to low income African country's?  You can't go out at 3pm and even feel safe.  This from the biggest oil producing country in the World!  Like Kuwait, their citizens should be swimming in money, but the government gives away supplies and money to stay in power, appropriates $$ to their own bank accounts and gives away just enough $$ to make the poor think they should be doing better.  Remember, Chavez came to power in 1998 when oil was $10 a barrel.  It's $100 now.  The brain drain in this country from people leaving is unbelievable. It is truly an international crime, this country should be a safe, prime tourist destination with excellent infrastructure, instead it crumbles into obscurity.

maduro will have capriles assasinated and blame it on the u.s.    classic white flag ops...the u.s. and obama get the blame and he insures he will get elected...

These MURDERs-these animals; win is the killing going to stop-All Of them to face criminal charges for there many crimes; in a Internation court!

His plan is clear enough.  It establishes him as protector of even who oppose him, and re-affirms that America is the tyrannical force that ALL Venezuelans need to defend against.

I love how you scholars know everything about other nations and leaders, and obviously have no clue what is happening under your noses right here in the good ole USA land of the free.  Patriot act, homeland security (only other countries to implement homeland security Stalins russia, and Hitler's germany) TSA going through OUR BAGS (they have multi million dollar machines to look through and test for bomb materials) so why also search??? Leads me to the war on money (our money).  Ok'd the right to look into everyones finances.  Hold and or kill americans on american soil without trial. The list is endless.  And you all hate everyone else.  Good luck LAND OF THE FREE.

Welcome to Corruption 101 circa 1960.. corruption has evolved, step up to keep up!

Good luck with that! It took Obama 13 hrs to say he wouldn't assassinate one of us!The US did help to overthrow Chavez temporarily - it is a fact and not a smokescreen as the article suggests.  Chavez rejected the status quo of the US telling them what to do - so he was painted a threat.  Furthermore, Roger Noriega, Otto Reich are among the least credible people on earth especiallly on the subject of respecting the soverignty of other nations - I'll take Dennis Rodman over those clowns any day of the week.

And no coverage from Henrique Capriles campaign. I've seen some grear photos of the multitude of his campaign, but yahoo only write about this jackass with his red sheep.

US and Israel do a lot of contract hits.  Even on their own people.  Nothing new here.

So, you think Maduro is as loonitic as Chaves..think Again!!!!JFK plot was a preview of what clandestine operations are....never to be known, never happened....Since then, there has not been a single conflict where our government got involved, and the true poor people of those countries are better of than they were before...not a single one. If you do not believed in plots... then called it a coincidence...... several years ago there was a South American presidents meeting to create a South American economic union, the following presidents were invited, Lullac-Brazil, Fujimory-Peru,Chavez-Venezuela,Cristina-Argentina, Correa-Ecuador, and Uribe-Colombia, also invited to this meeting US observers, names Unkown....the meeting was in Colombia. at that time Uribe from Colombia, had just signed a treaty with US to stablish troops in their territory, all other South American counties were opposed. FYI... several months to a couple years later, all presidents present that day developed some form of cancer, except 2 of them, Correa from Ecuador, and Uribe from Colombia,...well ...guess what Correa did not eat that day on that dinner because he had the flu, other wise he would had develop cancer too ..... coincidence??? the Clandestine operators were present that day.

obamashit,lie in progress,should move now to Venezuela.why wait to get deported?.

Kill your opponent &amp; blame the USA, amazing!

When we go to war with Venezuela it will be closer to home.

Capriles should win by a landslide, but it seems that the folks with their hands out dominate that country too. We shall see.

This man is NUTS!  If you people vote him in you deserve whatever you get....just like the dumba.....s that voted in our mendacious mess!

I BELIEVE EVERY WORD HE SPEAKS.Oh Maduro you are all mixed up. It was the Republicans Nixon who assinated leaders and set up banana republics there in Central and South America. Relax, come out in the open, stop hiding, nobody has anything to worry about. It was about the oil then

Can you blame them for thinking the US is secretly plotting something nasty.  Every hot spot in the world, the US has involvement.  The US  sticks its nose where it does not belong too many times, and it always gets cut off. The US is just as dangerous as the people we accuse of being dangerous.

Not sure who is the liar here. However, history tells me that the US and its dirty dog CIA have always been planning to influence politics and economy in Latin American countries (and many others) by more or less any means possible. That is a fact! Why? Follow the $ trail!

So...When Capriles is killed.....Maduro can say the CIA did it. I smell an assasination scenario being set up by Maduro. Blame the USA in advance!

Ok so another dictator that the liberal left and hollywood can praise all the time cause he is such a great guy.

BUS DRIVER, "UNION LEADER" that = THIEF

with Obama in charge it is likely.  ha

This immoral illegally and fraudulent self appointed jackass is like his predecessor fortunately dead who claimed to have had at least 50 assassination plots discovered. Like their teacher Castro they are always inventing assassination plots and of course created by the US the Cia or any unimaginable US office. The thing behind it all is to divert attention to the real many Venezuela's problems but most of all his corrupt thieving of all of Venezuela's huge oil income. His predecessor left an estimated personal wealth of 2 billion US$.On a Army Lt. Colonel's salary????? They should be hung or guillotined like the old times

Have we not realized that Obama will do only what he wants and he does not care about the people who voted for or against him.

They would blame the US even if the problems were within  there country--that is what they do-been going on forever--lets blame Obama seems to be the lefties strategies--so if I was on one side of the policitcal problem--I would kill my opposition and blame the CIA and the US and the President--point the finger at someone else---We are the problem all over the world anyway---I believe Chavez was killed by some organization, but by "WHOO" OPEC, CIA or both???

This guy sounds like a nut, but is he? Man, I wouldn't be surprised either way. It's not like it's uncommon.

Venezuela= lots of oil and an uneducated population = fuel for more of the same even with the previous dictator gone.

That means Maduro is planning on killing the opposition so he can blame the CIA.

Anyone can read between the lines here - Maduro is plotting the assassination himself and and is tossing out a pre-emptive blame at the CIA. -- If the CIA wanted to eliminate the socialist threat to America, they would start in the White House.

Maduro , if we wanted to kill someone it would be you , not Capriles .

Nobama,  Better Pay A Visit on His Way Back From Israel !!!

Go ahead BLAME THE U.S. Venezuela. so does the rest of the world!!

So this guy is planning a coup and wants to blame the US so he makes this plea to mis-lead the country great!

This guy maduro a bus druver is more stupid than all busdrivers combined and that is what makes him so scary,  he is the iranian president" twin brotherHe cried "more when Chavez died than when his own parents passed away" because he knows that he will be returning to driving a bus again soon! If he's lucky!

And these are the people the Liberal clowns in America aspire to emulate.......If you've stopped #$%$ yellow long enough to remember the cold war... this mirrors Leninist/Stalinist accusations and the Communist madness of the USSR in the 20th century. North Korea has since made an art form of it. The problem is, too many of our young Americans trying to discover what they believe and stand for have been educated by the progressive Liberals. Leaving most under the age of 25-30 helpless at recognizing when they are being manipulated or indoctrinated by the hoax of Communism &amp; Socialism.Those who perpetuate the hoax conveniently leave out certain aspects of a Communist Government's relationship with it's own people and the people of Nations it has ideological differences with. Simple stuff to forget, you know?... Like freedom of speech, expression, religion, press, travel, ownership of anything and anything even resembling a Constitutional Bill of Rights guaranteeing Citizens inalienable freedoms.And you will NEVER see THIS written on a document describing the philosophy of a Communist State.#$%$#$%$#$%$** We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpation's, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security. #$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$That is a tough read for a education of today which tells a student "What to think." The man who wrote those words would be far more likely to ask a student to learn "How to think."I urge all to enjoy your freedoms today.... after all, they weren't free.....

"The late leader's @chavezcandanga Twitter account drew more than 4 million followers before his death - making it the second most-followed presidential account after Obama's."Don't tell me that no one cares about Chavez and Venezuela. Clearly, he was key in some way in the international arena, and not for what he was repeatedly accused of  (as that could be about any other president of any other country.)

we've already assassinated leaders in chile, panama, and ecuador. and we failed to assassinate castro....over 650 times. your an idiot if you doubt this man for a second

never never never turn your back on a monkey.

Hmm me thinks we have another nut job who uses propaganda to control the people...  So now we have Iran, North Korea, Afghanistan and now Venezuela..  It is sad that politicians feel the need to create a "perceived" threat to get the power they want..  Oh wait a minute..  Don't we have a Republican party that does the exact same thing??  Well then Venezuela, welcome to democracy...

It's very sad that it's so easy to believe that the USA would do something like this... but time after time, country after country, that's what our government has done.Until the USA can put its own house in order, it needs to keep its greedy paws off other Nations.

another nut job like chavez and obuma

Typical-you can't stupid.

I smell cover up Mr. Maduro you conniving rascal you.CIA would kill anyone even Obama if they saw a chance to make money..they killed JFK

The imperial and rogue U.S. Government needs to keep their influences and activities out of the rest of the world. No N.W.O.!

Maduro is a stupid truck driver. Where's his proof? Is it by Cuban slug Fidel Socialism doesn't work Castro. Maduro is months away from a total overthrow of his government. This guy will be beheaded by The Venezuelan Military. I think that The Venezuelan people had enough of these parasites and It is time to throw these Marxists out. Venezuela owes money to every country in the world and is going to have a major bankruptcy.

Maduro pack your shuuuuuut and go  Chavez is gone you better live and let Venezuela  become Democrat Country

Rest in Peace President Hugo Chavez you are now with the angels

And I thought Sarah Palin was nuts.

They only hate us because of our freedoms!

Again, this is just a strategy, Maduro is just preparing his alibi. He and Chavez followers want to kill Capriles and what they are doing is just to start rumors so after they do their dirty work they can blame the US and say "We told you so"

I see that the Venezuelan officials are still drinking and serving the Chavez Kool-Aid!

Obama can't catch a break.Before you write any comment, google "US interventions around the world". Interventions mostly to help intall puppet dictators and be able to plunder natural resources. Check it out know your country dark history.

Me want to kill you NO NO NO I love you commie pinkos you are my heros I am your best American destroying friend I wanna emulate you.

The U.S. should tell Maduro that if anything happens to Capriles that he is dead meat. So he had better see that Maduro is protected.

you know what i noticed all communists are the same...before they even do something wrong or they already did it they always shift it to blame other people and try to get people to believe that person is the enemy pretty much in a nutshell they are crazy in the head lmao.

F$%K THE JEWS!!!!

What proof those this dictator have, anyone can talk BS as he is on his on TV, Facts you dumb #$%$ , your looking for help to win, those people of your country don't need your sorry #$%$ leading them, where those the money gets from the OIL, nt back o yr poor people, s in your pocket, look at the nice clths you have on and those love in slums. F you. You might be next to get the axe......

Maduro's head would make a nice decoration for his Mercedes Benz.

always on the rise, more socialist blame game.

This Nicolas Maduro,acting president of Venezula needs to lay of the jungle juice and quit halucinating.

we americans think you need to stop seeing  those old movies.guess whos next if you continue talking #$%$

You CONnards still think Obama is a "commie"?

Does this guy think we have time for his sorry #$%$ We got bigger things to worry about than his mouth. He can't even when an election on his own credentials. He has to rely on those of a dead man. What a sorry piece of #$%$ this man is and he isn't anything but a stand in at this point. I hope those people are not so gullible they believe it. Then that would mean they are all as ignorant as he is, and I find that hard to believe.

If Maduro kills off the competition the people need to keep putting an alternative up until it becomes evident it is dumbo. Then they can hang him and bury him next to his idol.

there must be something in the water

These excuse for a human life rats in Washington have more to worry about than Venezuela this time. They are all too busy watching over what is going on above 49th parallel. A family feud is going on. So just relax. Until this is settled, they ain't coming over there looking for trouble.

Maduro is a moron.

If the U.S. has any balls left we will make sure that this #$%$ bus driver doesn't become president. I would like to fill up my tank at 48 cents per gallon like they do in Venezuela.

Yup, gotta love being able to plant cancer where ever you want. Too bad it did not take for the previous 20+ leaders we wanted it to work on. But they were from big countries that mattered. Not overblown banana republics. Gotta love chavistas. They don't tell you that they still had to sell their "free oil" to US owned refineries before "giving" it away. No one else had the distillery capacity for the tar sands type oil they produce.

if the big banks can't force their loans and debt on a country that has something they want, they send in the CIA jackals to assassinate and promote unrest - make no mistake, this is how things work - true history is always hiddenThis guy is so dumb.If U.S wants to get rid off somebody it will be him.I don't think he will last to long,a bus driver who got lucky running a oil rich producing country.Needs to go.VEnezuelians are not stupid.He got use of military to scare civilians but he won't last to long,plus he looks very bumb ha!

That no good for nothing hitch maduro wants to blame that us, on what hes planning to do to that us.tuck maduro. Make a plot to get rid of maduro.once and for all.mother @:@@@.no good for nothing Ase.!!!!!!

If they gave Academy Awards to leaders for their acting this guy deserves one.Everyone can tell that he opponent is good as dead and will try and make the U S the fall guy. If we could do something like this the NK leader would be history allready. Just cause his people arent brightenough to figure him out does not mean the rest of the world isnt.

Maduro is a thug and does not have any decency, he has always been treatening Capriles, all of those corrupt thieves dictators so called "presidents" in South and Central America intimidate and elliminate the opposition by any means and always blame the US for all the problems they have. Hope some day the US really goes after Maduro and all his cronies and bring them to justice the way Noriega was.

It's time to break out the earthquake machine and let'er rip. (The one Chavez said we used on Haiti)

This guy is anxious may be he doesn't have any capacity to lead

Where have I seen this before?...

I think Maduro is planning of killing his rival and blames it on the US.  He is starting to condition the minds of the gullible Venezuelans that if ever it happens, the US has something to do with it.  I hope that Maduro not only gets Chavez blessing but gets his cancer as well.

So the #$%$ found a way to shift blame for his plot to kill his rival and stay in power..aboy sounds like something out of a Novela.......Novela .... you know those spanish  soap operas..... Should it come to pass those must have been Hugos last words...kill him and blame Obama.....no...no...blame...hilary....no..no...blame jack in the box along with that other guy Mc Donald and buger King.....

They should target Maduro insteadI don't know whether you idiots are that stupid or if you are just trying to cover up the fact that the US has supported coups and assasinations for as long as they could get away with it. Chavez coming to power and setting an example seems to have put an end to most of it ,but you never can tell. They are right to stay vigilant.

both nations are equally as dumb as a special kid trying to f..........,.....u........................c..................................,.....k  a door #$%$.

Maduro is an ignorant piece of SIIIT

His "very good source" must be Miss Cleo

Sr Maduro (Mr. 'Ripe') is certainly over-ripe with creative ideas. These pretending 'socialists' who have been stuffing their own bank a/c's for 14 years at the expense of the idiotic, uneducated and politically unsophisticated Venezuelan public by putting on a red circus show, will soon find they're playing to an empty tent. Even the most primitive mind must find this now unbearably ludicrous, boring and realise they're drifting in an ocean of lies in a ship full of holes. It'll sink to the bottom of the 'red sea' !

Politicians with thick moustaches can't be bad...Kim Jong-Un, Idi Amin, Michael Vick and Pol Pot didn't have thick mustaches. Come to think of it, Stalin and Sadaam Hussain did....Oh well, there goes my argument. OK, he's crazy then !!

I like that, John Wayne.  "Venezuelans are smart, they know how the US works" captures it exactly how it is.  The most conniving, lying, evil empire ever.  The "American People" have been lied to about the empire's intentions since the occupation of the Phillipines to the Gulf War / Iraq.  Please stop believing the mythology of the US.

Maduro still has the hand of Chavez up his butt - Dead Puppet Talking.

Tesco Vee is now posting as Mike because he is a Cuba who is paid by Castro to push Maduro and he is mad at me for making him look bad.He is a poor excuse for a human being.Pathetic person.The real Mike

Move over Hugo for another carcass in Caracas...Well it will no be the ! 1st one we have dune? We had it dun over banas's as well look back in the history books !!

Geo-politics knows only two games - chess and hardball.

pair annoy ya . if the prez wanted him , he'd drone the man . oh , thats right .. its not legal any longer . cigars anyone ????????????????????

I feel sorry for the people of Venezuela as they go from a dictator, to inept candidates.

Good student and a chip of the old block.If he didnot speak this way,then 14 years of tutelage under Chavez would have been years without proper and adequate indoctrination.

ok, if they want to do that lets stop all aid to them and let em starve.  In fiscal year 2010, the Venezuela account showed $6 million. Ok we want it back

Sounds like he's already "deflecting" blame towards something that he was going to do or already had tried!!!

Wellllllllll, so much for that country being able to move in a constructive direction now that El Gordo PooEater is gone.

By golly, Maduro has temporarily abandoned Castro's playbook and stolen one from the GOP...you know, the one that says do something bad and then blame it on Obama.

It all could be a big scheme to make the U.S. gov look bad, but you can't honestly sit there and say they don't do plenty of corrupt, shady things as it is. Don't discount it as false because it is very possible. I mean, we are in a never ending war against a faceless enemy as we all put down these comments....Call out Seal Team 6 and tell them we got one more devil to get....

He sounds like a muslim rat that blame the Jews for everything

This is comical, let me explain this in real general terms:Venezuela, Americans do not care about you, your struggles, your position nor if you are in trouble or not....we just do not care one bit. We continue to live in prosperity so please keep your conspiracy theories to yourselves...your country does not mean squat to us, I know is harsh but that is reality.

If Obummer wants to continue his plot with the Pentagon and the Central Intelligence Agency to kill Maduro's opposition rival and trigger a coup ahead of an April 14 election, he better remember assassination work both ways.  He could be the next in line.  But maybe he should be First in line?  I am beginning to think so, let's get rid of this traitor ASAP.  Obummer must go!

Another blabber mouth like Chavez was !! His tired self !!!!!!! Pleazzzz

That's what Chavez told Maduro before he died, :"kill him" I already made my 2 billions, now it's your turn but get him out of the way lololol

maduro people die from cancer everyday not just in venezuela all over the world, you got to be kidding to blame the US for chaves death,this can not been words from a guy who tends to run a country, need someone with more sences. maduro free your people, as god sent moses to free the judes from egypt.

I wish the US would put a bullet in his head, way cheaper than war or secret wars.

i wonder how much money we could save on the budget if we minded our own bussiness. maybe we could spend it here at home instead.

If the CIA were indeed involved as Mr 'Mature" Maduro claims, I think that would have happened a long time before Chavez got cancer....I too doubt Maduro.  Its important to keep in mind, however, that we, the United States,have  given  Latin Americans plenty of reason to suspect us.  Bay of Pigs, suppportr of various dictators, Iran-Contra (of which Reagan should have been impeached), Panama, Malvinas, and others.Spend a little time in south and central America - you will find the citizens which are very friendly to Americans.  They are usually reluctant to open up, but over a dinner and relalxation, you will find that they have a point of view.The US  should take the lead in developing a common market akin to Europe.

Typical Latin American Drama.........Telemundo and univision is already making their plans for their next tele-novela (soap series)

#$%$ crackhead piece of trash, this maggot has the brain of a flea, i hope venezuelans do the right think and vote out this useless cucaracha piece of trash....

P.O.S.

#$%$ the #$%$ at the NSA, AND those stupid #$%$ pilots who give hell to people who like to stay inform.

That is called reverse psychology...........

well now it would appear the Venezuelan government will try to take out the opposition to blame the US. It appears it is pre-emptive announcement to firm  up Maduro;s election. He can't lose with this announcement. It happens, he blames the US. It doesn't he says it was his appeal to Obama.Only fools will be suckered.

Nostradamus predicted the coming of Obama but you did not take heed to the warning....

Off them both and do Venezuela a favor.

Learn U.S. History...  Find out what happened in Chile, Guatemala, El Salvador, Panama, Bolivia, Cuba, and Venezuela...  Learn the role the U.S. government played in the 2002 coup in Venezuela and learn how quickly the recognized and tried to legitamize the installed dictator Pedro Carmona that was in office for only 38 hours while Chavez was kidnapped only to be returned to office by the the Venezuelan people who voted him into office...  BTW Carmona  now lives in Miamai...  I don't trust the C.I.A. farther than I can throw them...  All this information is available through the freedom of information act...  Stop watching trash TV and educate yourselves...  Our government is famous world wide for false flag operations and out right lying like the Gulf of Tonkin incident that started the Vietnam War...  Don't you find it strange that the right and left only agree on a NWO foreign policy????  Don't trust the people that told you there were WMDs in Iraq, warrantlessly tap your phones, and etc. etc. etc.So what was the Nobel Prize for? Peace?Nobel Prize for peace when you are the leader of two wars and have killed more people with drones than the EVIL George W Bush. I thought we were good friends with Venezuela.A joke. Complete joke.

If he wants go be heard, he should write to the (US) bosses in Tel Aviv

He is a drunk'in fool, Get back to driving Route 179 Bus Driver.  NOW

I'll bet Ventrell would also say "We categorically reject allegations of U.S. government involvement in any plot" with equal credibility.

Like this drunkin bus driver would know this was going to happen. He is a drunk and a universal laughing stock to be running this country.

Maduro is showing he is already one step ahead of the U.S. intelligence services thus far and will not be a push over for them. The Commander has taught him well and he is proving his metal.VIVA CHAVEZ !! ..VIVA MADURO !.. VIVA CASTRO ! .. VIVA CRISTINA FERNANDEZ ! ,, VIVA MORALES !.. VIVA CORRERA ! ..VIVA ORTEGA ! .. VIVA NOREIGA !

Hrm. Oil rich country with nationilzed oil, Federal Reserve completely dependent upon oil to sustain it's trillion dollar debt, planned assassination of leader not sympathetic to US imperialism.... this all sounds oddly familiar. Where have I heard it before? Oh, right. Iran, 1953. When the US and UK assassinated democratically elected Prime Minister Mohammad Mosaddegh. I'd link to the wiki entry, but apparently Yahoo frowns on links that might pose a threat to their political benefactors.

"We categorically reject allegations of U.S. government involvement in any plot to harm anyone in, Pakistan, Libya, Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, er ah what...oh yeah I mean Venezuela."  "Where's my launch codes for the drones."

REUTERS = USA GOV.. JEWS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Before you write any comment, google "US interventions around the world". Interventions mostly to help intall puppet dictators and be able to plunder natural resources. Check it out know your country dark history.JEWS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! R D REAL PROBLEM IN WORLDS CULTURES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

You know it's bad when the opposition comes out to say don't kill the other guy.

I'm wondering just what is in the water down there?

one man wants power over the oil,that country is rich

This dude really needs a Job, preferably not as Venezuelan President  ... Back to a Bus Driver where he had never should have moved from ...

Heck if CIA was going to kill one of them it would be the anti-american, Meduro.Who is he trying to kid?

Yep, sound like classic setup to me

I'm not sure what the USA would stand to gain from that. Since they are on track to become the world's largest oil producer, it seems like this guy is way overestimating his own importance.Hey Veneauela: find someone else to throw under the bus, we don't need you anymore.

This guy sounds like he would make a good Dem president if Oduma does not make himself King first.

Good to see the paranoia has continued  without missing a step in Hugo's successor. Sheesh. Scratch almost any Latino, especially in South America, and a true clown will always bleed.What a hipocrit and "inmature" is this corrupt and rotten nicholas, is clearly noticeable that he is following orders from Cuba, but comparing him to his late boss chavez, he is showing that he is a lot more stupid practicing comunist tactics, if something happen to Capriles, no one else than him and his "dogs" in power are to blame for it.

the u.s. will try to manipulate the outcome of the election because all the oil $'s they want their hands on.its just what the modern day u.s. does.

Hey Nicolas Maduro, no acuses a ESTADOS UNIDOS de ningun crimen, I'm writing in Spanish because I don't think Nicolas doesn't know Englis, but just in case, Nicolas, don't mess up  with USA.eres un ignorante.

Freaking wackos...

Anybody who thinks they are superior is inferior.

Really

I pity the image of the US. Even when a killer attempts to save life, murder allegations against him does not stop. The truth is that the US has to continue to plot to kill economic opponents as the only way of driving home her capitalist campaign.

Sounds like we're being set up - he tosses this out there, then when he kills the opposition can blame it on the US.

Hey! What's behind the Greeeeen Door?

If the leaders of third world countries continue to spew this whacko garbage , they need to be mocked every time they appear at the UN and other delegations because for God's sake these guys are jokes and deserve respect from no one in the international community.WHAT another third world dictator claiming this for publicity and sympathy from his country and other third world cow pastures ? hahahahahahahahahahahahaha

Chavez was a brilliant speaker and politian, whom I despised. Tremendous wealth wasted on his international political agenda. Maduro, on the other hand, is a bus driver who is in way over his head. He is trying to divert attention from his lack of ability, so lets begin a million conspiracy plots. The only reason Chavez allowed him to be second in command, was he possed no threat.  I would venture to guess that he should have taken control of the government two months prior to Chavez's death, but was scared that he might recover. The United States will get blamed reguardless of the lack of evidence. He will be ellected because of the misquided love for Chavez. Once again more money from this nation will be wasted on political nonsense rather than going to the people.

This is simply stupidity or he is really scare.  He is no president material and is trying to convince his people it is.  He was  a nobody during Chavez and want to be a somebody now.

Its not the US its the Effin oil magnates who are out to hurt you and put their right wing fanatics in place. Watch the railroads for gun shipments and the airports and the roads. Don't blame the US for your woes and fears. Its not our POTUS its someone else. I am afraid that if you put the US as responsible you are not watching your back. look to those who lost so much in the nationalization of your oil industry. That's where you will find your true enemies

What Venezuela needs to do is look for other markets for their oil and stop selling to the US so their gallon can go up to 20 bucks...take that....

There's only one 'Supreme Commander', who is GOD...To fulfill his command means, you should not lie.His word says,when you're digging a ditch,dig two.One for yourself, and one for your enemy.But,never mind the ditches,mind the prayers of the people who are crying out to GOD for deliverance.When the finger of GOD shakes against you,your best arguments and plans will fail.You think you're confused now...watch and see!

Maduro might be the one that ends up in the cross-hairs...it's called 'Carma'

"...Maduro, a 50-year-old former bus driver and union leader who is Chavez's preferred successor as president, said the aim of the plan was to set off a coup and that his information came from 'a very good source'..."I wonder if that 'very good source' is the same one who told Harry Roid that Romney hadn't paid income taxes in 12 years?

new jugde greenwitch thought holy spirit

cimazewskicall on way they wanted beat

Thank God man does not live forever, I cannot imagine what we will do to each other because we think different!!

hubble followed cimazewski. thougth i was in court talking dorn thing knows thuogthsthoughts" bit :all this stay in church some body tried to shot" cimazewski ;that  judge new about holy spirit in court so you cant beleive what every judge tell neather a terra reader. judge  let person leave holy spirit didnt let gun go off,cimazewski from orlando guees what they used witch craft, terra davekitchen in volde why,tried to call cops years before dude held cimazewski against well cops knew tel.

"  "?  Why so much bias?

Daydreaming again!

Why don't we stop buying oil from these clowns and watch them eat each other. They're doing it anyway but let's move the timetable.

Mr. Maduro..all you have to do, is do the same thing in the US, that you're accusing the US of doing...and HOPEFULLY, you'll succeed...

I heard Pat Robertson on one of his preaching shows few years ago suggesting Chavez should be assasinated; I guess the man is Christian.

Why would he think the U.S.A. would want to meddle in the affairs of Venezuela?  What on Earth would our government have to gain?

TRUTH OR NOT us DONE SO MANY TIMES THING LIKE THIS,READ THIS YOU LEARN EVERY THINGMedia been lying to US for long time,dont watch  media puppets,do your own researchmost of the world problems is a result of European crimes to world for centuries andrecently US and Israel are the main criminals with the help of silence from churches,     CHURCH BEEN CORRUPT FOR LONG TIME church,pop tradition been be quiet to crime to othersfor example US in 1953 and England 90 rear ago overthrow my good Irnian  government and start to kill and steal and damaged one trillion dollar to IRANIAN PEOPLE,President Obama said, Iranian are extraordinary people with extraordinary historyBush said, Iranians are great people with fantastic historyalso in 1980, Isaeli and American arms dealers and with help of Sadam Hosuin made 8 year war on IRAN and killed and injured 1000000 (one million) Iranians , but  so far we help Israel to make Trillion dollar mothers of Muslam(Mosalman) is no different of Jew or Cristian, and the result is to day fanatic government in Iran  that killed 20000 of own people in first 20 year in new Eropean human rights reportnow the big mafia does not want small mafia to have bomb technology80 times united nation said Israel is guilty, but US said not guilty, Israel is problem      for US and Middle East and result is death and destruction and bringing fanatics to powerIt is not Obama my man, if it was a Robot would have killed him, its the big Oil corporations, they are the ones that want Vens oil and poisoned Hugo. they been doing this since got value in the world, they crate Dictators, fake Kings etc. Dang they control most of America's Government leaders.

of course, if we as a nation were really mad @ Venezuela and it's leadership, past and present, we would not buy their oil, would we? Don't let your moral outrage and ideological purity stand in the way of making a buck on oil, my fellow citizens, but do keep critisizing and hating, because that's soooo effective.

Like if CIA never did this kind of garbage before....bloody #$%$

It's just way too sad when, these days, anyone with an internet connection or a media outlet rabid for the latest rumor can accuse anyone, even our President, of whatever they can dream up, and get away with it for the most part.  I guess it's actually sadder that there are people out there with an IQ of a slug who believe all the tripe.

Oh we don.t do that kind of stuff (wink,wink). Get real people how many governments and politicals have we (The white house) tried to undermine. No! Say it ain't so? Remember Vietnams President when we first got into the melee Ngo Dinh Diem? C.I.A. is the rogue agency that does the job and sloppy. Including showing our partners in crime how best to grow and market their drugs for money. Lies Lies pure Lies. Think about it!

hes killing everyone what makes you get headlines lol

The moment Chavez became ill, I knew the US government would start plotting the death of his predecessor. The CIA has a long history of assassinating democratically elected leaders in order to put in puppet governments that they then control for US business interests. If the opposition is murdered, you can bet the CIA is behind it. It's ridiculous to believe that the US government is going to stop their murdering of world leaders and manipulation of world politics.

Doesn't muduro mean murderer in spanish?

Throw that idiot BUS DRIVER under the bus, so he will shut his freaking trap. just all mouth like his boss Hugo, talking big so the killing will be blame on USA when the attempt to kill Caprilles.

Ok, Maduro is now spewing garbage....time to add him to the hit listMaduro and his people will probably kill capriles and blame it on the us. I cannot believe what is going on in venezuela,

The fact of the matter is the CIA, NSA, and the DOD have for years meddled and plotted against governments in other countries. It is documented fact that Iran, Chile, South Africa, Cuba, Venezuela, and Bolivia, have been targets of CIA operations to destabilize and install dictators that will help their agenda.

"Capriles was thrown under a bus." Pun intended....

This 'plot' is in the same category as 'legitimate rape.'

Drug Lords Moving in

The Poor people of Venezuela are even dumber than I thought if the believe this propanganda that is to say the least without any merit what so ever.

Wait last time I heard about this he was saying far right was trying to kill his rival. But hey I guess CIA sounds way better.plus  People in venezuela prob dont even know wat far right means, bunch of commies

obama and maduro are both high on DRUGS. people that are on drugs usually blame everyone else for their failures.

Haha, You Fools, when hasn't the American Empire intervened in Latin America?

If the US wanted Chavez removed from power or any other figurehead not hiding in a hole in the ground or hidden by a supposed ally(yeah, Pakistan), it would be quick.  Its easy.  the US government declares that a hostile country has WMD's and wishes to attack US territories or our allys, and our government attacks.  Done.  This is nothing more than a man's attempt to unite people with mutual hatred...and hide their own attempts of removing opposition.  Hey @#$%, get over yourself and figure out it pays better financially to be on good terms with the US than on its bad side.  You've got a profitable rich land/culture that can benefit well with your exports and tourism of your beautiful country.Recall all US diplomatic personnel from Veny, kick out all their diplomats from the U.S. boycott all oil from veny. Tell the moron Maduro too apologize and give him 48 hours to do so, Then fly in the 101st Airborne and take him to the Gitmo Psych ward..

scorpion bite becouse its nature,does not mean scorpion hate you.so does usa .usa must be vicious to keep her supremacy

Where is Roger Noriega now that we need him?

We will have your oil!!! Nothing can stop us. Usa usa usa usa

Venezuela knows we are not exactly the altruistic, peace lovin, humanitarian type people we pretend to be.  Quite the opposite what with our drones, chemical weapons, stealth bombers and alot more the American public doesn't even know about.

Maduro said he had cried more when Chavez died than when his own parents passed away....!!! I guess since you were such a sorry human been...your own parent ignore you...so you seek love in the hands of your adopted father...Hugo Chavez....Maduro Frito, eres una persona ignorante y estupida al decir que llorastes mas por Chavez que tus propios Padres...You do not deserve to carry your parents last name...IGNORANT...deseredado. there is not another human been that LOVE some boddy else more than his OWN PARENTS!!!

hot topic, the natives are restless. they want justice but no one wants to give it to them. let the spirits of the millions of natives calm down. the   " imperial threat"  has stolen the souls of millions of natives and they want it back

I would not surprise me if Noriega and Reich came up with such a plot, I still think that those two played a role in the 2002 coup attempt against Chavez. But I doubt that Obama would approve of something as extreme as killing the opposition leader and blameing it on Maduro. However that's not to say the imperialists' in Washington are not plotting some scheme to get the opposition into power such s rigging the elections or starting a coup.

Maduro could prove a very expensive choice for the country, should he be elected.  The post-Castro world began down there some time ago, but Morales, Correa and their ilk haven't caught on yet.

Maduro out to get together with Achi'maninnynutjob and partyassassinating the opposition has &amp; will be done by EVERY country/govt that has ever inhabited the earth - both internally &amp; externally - DONT doubt it and prove yourself a fool !

Yes, more of the same, and still there are stupids that believe these tactics. First Chavez died of cancer and was poisoned by the imperialists. Now they throw a cloud of dust in order to attract sympathy as if he would give a penny for his opponent, and keeps on with the blame game, and buy time. The good thing is this comes from the same Cuban school, same MO, eventually with some twist.  They want to cover their backs when they kill Capriles.

We should kill him just for fun

Off course, countries like this one blame everything on the U.S.

Henrique Capriles, will probably be killed but it will be Nicolas Maduro who has it done so he can be elected.

Hey YAHOO why is this story listed under the "ENTERTAINMENT" tab?

Someone needs to take this guy out.  One of the locals doing it would be great!!!

Just another case where a few mad men were able to high-jack an entire people.

They all are nuts down there!

chick is starting to talk a lot already.i found true love wher have been come over me my"

Maduro, eres un idiota cuyo dimunitivo cerebro a sido lavado or el "ChavezCristo", y claro que lloraste mas porque a Chavez se lo llevo Satanas que por tus propios padres, imbecil, 'pos como no! porque sin tu papi Chavez vas a regresar a ser el chofer de autobuses (sin ofender a los demas choferes) que siempre has sido! o sea, ahora SI vas a trabajar, no a ser mantenido por la "Revolucion Bolivariana" mira, pendejo, te aconsejamos que dejes de estar chingando y culpar a USA de todos tus males, OGT hijoeputa, ve y lavate el fundillo almorronoaico, confiesa todos tus pecados, di adios a tus aspiraciones, saca tus cositas de donde las tengas y ponte a trabajar como todos aquellos venezolanos a los cuales tu y tu jefecito "bolivariano" han explotado y los has orillado a pobreza extrema, no te da verguenza?

OK,we will let you live,we just want your oil.

Since when the President  of the United States receives orders from a bus driver? MADURO IS THE ONE PLANNING TO KILL CAPRILES. I hate communist bull shet

This classsic pre-assasination strategy by Madura will likely backfire on him.  Now, since the CIA knows that they are being set up, they will, in their own interests, do everything they can to keep Capriles alive.  That's a lot.  Can't see how that is good for Madura.

@Marshall: you are lucky that there is freedom of speech in the US. Otherwise, you'd be sued for slandering Obama. He and Chavez were never "old buddies" and Chavez regularly spewed his venom on Obama after sparing him for a few weeks in early 2009. Next time, avoid childish comments.

Well the western fascists wiped out Saddam and Kadhafi, for threatening the US petrodollar and Hugo was there too.. so you figure it out?!!!

CIA at it again.

oil, oil, oil greed,greed,greed stay out of it U S

If it is OK to kill american citizens with drones now, why would it be so far fetched to do something like this?I concore with Manduro,USA are friends during the day,but during the night they are devil in the tomb.

If Obama can strike a drone on Americans citizens, what the heck would he listen to a dictator in Venezuela?

Is there not an end to the imbecility of this illiterate communist??  The son-of-a  w*h*o*r*e  is the one planning to assasinate Capriles, to eliminate the competition (that's what OMMUNISTS do) and blame it on the CIA.He has the nerve to ask a fellow communist -- comrade Obamanski -- to help him accomplish that???

Hard for a country to take a step down with such an idiot president like Chavez as your predecessor, but Maduro not only takes the cake, he seems to want to mess with the US and eat it too.

Watch, Maduro will have his completion killed and blame the US.. Does he think the world is stupid?? Just like a taxi driver can't accept responsibility.

That's it just blame the USA for everything.

HOW DARE THESE INFIDELS LIE about my first hero named Hussein!Uneducated signed koolaid drinkers“As a member of the House Intelligence Committee, I am keenly aware that the proliferation of chemical and biological weapons is an issue of grave importance to all nations. Saddam Hussein has been engaged in the development of weapons of mass destruction technology which is a threat to countries in the region and he has made a mockery of the weapons inspection process.” — Nancy Pelosi, December 16, 1998Yes, young uneducated brownshirters at ObamaNation can make themselves look even more uninformed than they already are!

Poor Capriles, he's dead the Maduro way.We can avoid this: if USA is going to be blamed for a death, please let it be Maduro getting killed!

Because who ever heard of the united states trying to assassinate anyone?especial  a leader of Venezuela?

How that for a Prsident.. He cried more for #$%$vez than his parents... As if he carried you in his womb for 9 months u P.O.S.. la gran mierda...pinche payaso..How that for a Prsident.. He cried more for #$%$vez than his parents... As if he carried you in his womb for 9 months u P.O.S.. la gran mierda...pinche payaso..

United States, wants oil for free and Venezuela has a lot, it is on the top of oil.  EE UU will kill its own mother for oil.

More paranoid delusions from a feckless wanna be dictator.  Venezuela would benefit from a Brazil style of government.

LOL, you stupid people are as smart as them FILTHY MOOZIES

Why are South American leftist politicians seemingly all clowns?  The only one that was not lulu was Lulu.

this is the type of paranoid pos you want to run a country?

How long till this guy has cancer?

First of all, why do we care who is elected to this countries leadership? Secondly anyone who claims to want a clean election campaign with no dirty politics, has something to hide that they don't want anyone to find out. We know that to be true due to our current president.

That guy is nuts.

When in doubt blame the bogeyman. Typical caudillo move by Chavez' butt boy.This is certainly something the United States would do and has done before. Remember Salvador Allende of Chile.... assassinated by the CIA.

burn US embassy...... problem solved

Read "In Search Of Enemies " by John Stockwell and "Confessions Of An Economic Hitman" by John Perkins. USA is really the DEVIL..

lol this is how the usa does business.. the cia exists to commit crimes.. secrecy is to cover up crimes.. our righteousness is a HUGE FAT JOKE.

Ten years ago the US was funding Venezuelan opposition to the tune of $1-2 million per year. Last year they funded the Chavez opposition $20 million. Check the US budget, it's there in black and white. He is not really that paranoid. Just look at what the US tried to do to Castro

LOL!!!!!!  Of course the U.S. denies the charge, however those of us who've studied the intricate workings of U.S. espionage and plot-work recognize the signatures...

I see the rest of the world trusts our Govt about as much as we do! Govt of worldwide asassins it seems. Kill them secretly or kill em with a drone strike! Great forein policy Osama!

The US has killed many South American leaders; this would be par for the course. We are the biggest purveyor of terror in the world.

I think the Chavez government is smoking to much of the cocaine that is passing through the country..

I, for one, will not just reject Maduro's claim out of hand.  There's no doubt in my mind that the US was behind the coup attempt in Venezuela in 2002. It's not so hard to believe they would be behind another coup attempt now. What makes Maduro's claim especially intriguing is that he risks boosting his political rival's popularity with this announcement. It would have been a lot easier to dismiss Maduro if he said his own life was in danger.2nd comment!

Considering the U.S. history in the region, what do you expect?

Yes, watch out for Obamass!  He loves to tell other people to pull the trigger.

wow...wow...was there  conspiracy too about chavez...where is the love where is the love where is the love...one should listern more too black eye pea wheres the love

we just love to keep @#&amp;#**# with other countries .....the problem is....we have been breeding so much hatred and creating so many enemies not realizing that its coming back to bite us in the #$%$

Maduro is either a genius or a complete moron, can't decide. I flipped a coin 5 times, it showed "moron" 5 times.

The CIA has assassinated many Latin American political figures in the past, don't always assume that we're not involved in their politics. Look into the deaths of Omar Torrijos and Jamie Aguilera. The CIA does all sorts of shady s***

Classic Stalinism. Kill your opposition before they actually become the opposition!! Then blame it on an easy target! Already laying the groundwork to assassinate his compitition. Already started with the "Investigation" into the U. S. Poisoning Chavez, now we will get the blame when he assassinates his opponent. Which he will have to do because he can not take the chance that the other guy can win (remember, he allmost beat Chavez in the last election)!!

Second verse same as the first.

Chavez was a capitalist/Socialist who did NOT cave in to American Big Oil and Hence Venezuelans pay 10CENTS a Gallon for the Same stuff Americans pay $4.50 for. AND "the sequestor"?? is a nice term for the Evil Rich and their Corporations making American Workers pay back the $40Trillion They Stole from America and Her People.  And We DoNOT have An American National HealthCare System like they do and have to pay Huge premium amounts to the insurance companies. Whacking the Venezuelan Socialist/Capitalists? Not so FarFetched is it????How about the plot by Hillary, Obama &amp; co to help the same Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists who they said did 9/11, in their ethnic cleansing and murder campaign of Syria's Christians &amp; secular muslims?

Is it in the water in that region? What a bunch of paranoid %$#&amp;s. The U.S. needs to embargo Venezuela just like it's buddies Iran and Cuba. If anything, maybe we ought to sanction a "hit", but on the successor to the throne....

Capriles is a well-funded puppet of both a venal local elite and greedy "imperialists" in the United States.

United States, wants oil for free and Venezuela has a lot, it is on the top of oil. EE UU will kill its own mother for oil.

.numerous presidents have been killed by the CIA....Chile, Panama, and many have been forcefully removed from office   The US has destroyed democracy in many countries...last time in Honduras where Obama supported the army and the oligarchs..

Ooh my God. wat a conspiracy analysis.

I love those venezuelan built APV (armored personal vehicles) TIUNA....!! I heard they are better than any american Hummer Humve. I wonder how could I import one?

Nicholas please do it..

See "Panama Deception" it is quite possible...it has been done before...don't close your eyes to what people in power are capable of....remember JFK.....for those of you under the age of 35 and were taught Oswald killed JFK... please watch the JFK film for starters...if our goverment can kill our own President what makes you think we wouldn't kill, cause a crisis, invade a country, gain power, wage war, kill innocent people, and steal the resources (oil) all in the name of democracy.

I'm with Maduro...uncle sam has a long history of eliminating those who won't engage in trade with them, and replacing them with puppet dictators who will trade and cooperate with the US, even if the original gov't there was elected by their people.......and even when the US appointed dictator engages in human rights violations....uncle sam sucks....!Chavez was twice the man Bush ever was and half the man Obama will ever be.

I believe that when the Big Dictator (Obama) was at the meeting where the Little Dictator (Chavez) presented the Big Dictator with a book to read they later had a clandestine meeting together. At the clandestine meeting the Big Dictator had his way with the Little Dictator and that is where the Little Dictator contracted the infection that eventually killed the Little Dictator.

The plot seems far fetched, but I wouldn't put it past The Great Satan. Venezuela must be very careful, and they should also pursue closer ties to Iran.

I still remember when Reuters was a reference in journalism and cringe every time its name is associated with such vitriol throwing. If this were an "article" about the latest hockey strike, I wouldn't care, but we are talking about very real threats against a sovereign nation and its people. Mr.Wallis' vile-laden "reporting" from Caracas not only betrays throw-back views of the World but is a very good example of the greed-powered hatred that "leftist" movements are up against. But I have no fear, the good people of Venezuela shall prevail.

I thought Venezuela  was world’s 5th largest oil supplier now it has the largest? But has the highest poverty,  looks like Hugo spent the money on other things then the poor.  Now dude is going rid of the opponent and blame the US..it is going to be choas

These guys need to retake Agatha Christie 101.

I do not have the proof before me but I strongly believe that Nicolas Maduro is saying the truth.US has been trying to get rid of Chavez and replace him with a US puppet who will give the USA free OIL.The CIA are known for their dirty dirty games.The fact that Nicolas Maduro is not saying he is the target makes it very true to meThose of you who believe you are US patriots respond and deny to the hilt.Even the CIA has been trying to dislodge Mugabe who has no OilEven if CIA were caught with their pants down, will still DENYShame on OBAMA

People,aren't you tired of these whack jobs trying to get elected off of hatred for America. I know I am.

Same neurotic fool as Chavez...must be something in the water...

If there is a wave of grief over the death of Chavez the Venezuelan people deserve the clowns they get. As for a plot, come on can't you do any better than that? Must be the typical union training you've received. It can't be from the fine education you received in bus driver school.Let's hope the CIA rubs out Maduro first...no coup needed...

Shades of 1950s Iran.

Noriega, Saddam Hussein, now Capriles. one more useful idiot to be used and then to be disposed of. But they never learn, there always be those fools lining up to be used as stooges and they thrown into the garbage can. Sigh.

Venezuelans........why would the us harm capriles????? Us wants maduro gone....if anyhting happens to capriles...it is maduro that is responsible.

Well look what happened to Saddam and Khadafi.. for threatening the petro$dollar warfare !

Venezuela has so much oil, I can really believe what Maduro is saying.

LOOK OUT Maduro! Omamma's comin for you next. You have oil and you're next on his list!

who cares?

Has this idiot joined the Tea Party or did he just hear a rumor started by Sarah Palin, the queen of idiocy.

Given US government behavior over the last 100+ years, I'd be much more inclined to accept the veracity of the statements of the Venezuelan government than the counter-claims of the Obama administration.  Those who would question this view know nothing of history other than the version that the American corporate media/propaganda machine spouts every day.  Like the Vatican, the US government rarely meets a right-wing dictator that they can't do business with.Evil#$%$ Obama, at it again.  I'm super-Progressive, and I hate the man and his actions.

If possible this Idiot is even loonier than Chavez.

Could be Maduro's paranoia... US government never kills its allies but its enemies.  Panama president,Torrijos, Chile president, Allende, and the more than 600 murder attempts to kill  Cuban president, Fidel Castro are only a few examples of what happens when somebody blocks its business. Hopping it has changed with president Obama, but maybe it is only a dream.

Left wing governments are full of liars and Left wing countries are full of sheeple. So let's see, when Maduro has Henrique Capriles killed he will declare the CIA as the culprit. Man, lol, Left wing people are so backward and stupid. Venezuela will be a police state like North Korea; it is inevitable, it happens every time you allow Left wing people to get control of your country.

First of all, the biggest piece of disinformation in this article is the assertion that Capriles is a "centrist."   He is, in reality, an extreme right-winger along the lines of Paul Ryan or even worse.  In any event, like Ryan, he is a modern day facist and any claim that he is 'centrist' is just propaganda to mislead you.  Inform yourselves about reality and please do not believe it just because the article states it.

Very possible, very likely and not at all an isolated case.....The CIA, the Pentagon, the US Government have over the last few decades, done many dirty deeds all over the world in order to advance their imperialist agenda....Just ask every country in Latin America, every country in South East Asia (minus China), many countries in Africa and all countries in the Near and Middle East..Yes people, our governments have BLOOD on their hands and will never cease....This is called PAX AMERICANA.......LOL..