K Hovnanian stock price is directly proportionate to the quality of their homes, especially their Brighton Homes line in Houston. Absolute junk defective siding, cheap air conditioners, and they are sued by abused employees on a regular basis. They do not stand behind their product!

We are starting to see some of the best home numbers in the most recent 4-5 yrs:Year-over-year.  Existing home sales are up, inventories are down and median price is up.Also, New home sales are looking good.  New home sales are up by 11.4% (sales were 281,000/yr in Feb 2011, sales are 313,000 in Feb 2012)Inventory of new homes is down to a record low of 150,000 (lowest ever)Median new home price is up 6.2% year-over-year. (was $220,100 in Feb 2011 and is now $233,700 in Feb 2012).

This odd mentality that surviving homebuilders have no value is extremely short sighted. These companies, essentially down to just a handful have weathered the worst housing market in a century. Even if they have shown some sparks of life, their potential is gigantic. Smart money is buying. Stupid money, scared money is selling. That is why its smart money and stupid money.Across the country, small builders have been completely wiped out. Land is cheap so the smart companies are still buying land and planning for the inevitable shortage of builders which will occur in the next three years in dramatic fashion. There simply won't be enough builders to meet demand. The more the foreclosure markets drop prices, the tougher it gets on the small builders leaving the larger builders as the sole heirs to the kingdom.Don't expect balance sheets to look good on these companies. That is like saying a cancer survivor looks weak when in fact they have survived. Strength is not always evident without some context of what these companies have been through.I am a value investor and the most important part of value investing is buying cheaply. Sometimes however, the typical metric gauges have no context without understanding the market. In the USA, our population might double in 30 years. That's a lot of houses. And with massive government regulation, the cost of entry to be a large scale builder is enormous. So the big builders have a massive cost structural advantage.The small move the stocks have made in the last six months in not even quantifiable. For flipper investors that think they can predict the direction of these shares short term, I say good luck. I bought many of these stocks while hedge funds were capitulating; so I bought cheaply. I have no interest in selling. If anything, on any dips, I will accumulate more shares because quite frankly, as long as people will make more people, they will need homes. The current inventories are out about 13 months, for homes on the market. But new home inventories are substantially less.My guess is that housing has now bottomed. It won't be straight up from here, but it will be up and the beauty of the housing stocks is that once the old home inventories are sold off, the demand for new homes will already outstrip the capacity to meet demand. Then of course numbers will look good and the geniuses will have missed the massive share appreciation which is going to take place this year.

Don't play with homebuilders stocks..they are overbought...since December.Once you get on on the snake's mouth now..it starts to regurgitate the food accumulated...so far.You play with the fire now, by getting in ...they definetely overstated vs. other market players...

Purchased a new Lennar home in late 2010.  The new neighborhood is selling housse well in Houston.  In fact I bought a new home because in this market  I think it was a better bargain than purchasing a home owned by an Individual.  What I have witnessed is new homes are selling while pre-owned homes there's not alot of good inventory--meaning the homes worth purchasing are not on the market and foreclosures are a bad and not worth buying.

As a contrarian theory; go buy Home builder's stocks.

I like WY  It pays a decent dividend, it has pulled back from recent highs.  It owns tons of timberland-northwest timber not crappy southern pine.  It also owns Quadrant Homes.  The Seattle market is improving.  With all the paper products and building materials it is a home recovery play with more diversity than Toll or Lenar.