I wonder if he had to pass a drug test to get the job.

Ask his health insurance agent.

I wish I had some weed.

I guess Tommy Chong was over qualified.

Never thought I would live to see a pot czar.

A good old boy from West Virginia told me one time that he has been smoking weed for 30 some odd years and he never found it addictive. . . .

As long as they legalize it in my loving state of Maryland,I won't be too concerned  of the technicalities .Tax it as alcohol ,apply similar laws and move on to real crime.

He is not really a pot Czar they just call him the Head man.

I was high when I typed this.

The Justice Department is waiting for it's marching orders from the WH.  The WH is trying to determine how much money they can make from this.

Marijuana is a harmless plant. Prisons for profit and the DEA are the real lies!Its about damned time that Marijuana is being legalized ! I have smoked it since March 5th ,1967 , on my first convoy into Downtown Saigon , Vietnam , and I have been smoking it ever since , and will until I die  !!!  I`m fortunate enough to live in an area where I am able to Grow My Own , and don`t have to Go To The Street , to get My Fix !!  Just being brutally honest !!  I love the feeling I get after I smoke pot , and keep going back to it , time after time , like my wife does , when she lights her cigarettes !!  Her Choice , My Choice , Our Choice , Nobody`s Business But Ours !!!!  I worked for 46 + years , paid my taxes , contributed to society , abided by society`s morals , and tried to obey the law , mostly !  I do speed , and I do smoke pot , but for the most part , I do obey the laws !!  I`m not A Crazed Drug Addict , like The Governments So-Called Experts , would have everyone believe !

The voters have spoken. This needs to be on a national ballot. Decriminalize and save our country.

I sincerely hope this company develops good policy for legal production, distribution and sale or marijuana so the rest of the country can follow suit.  The current #$%$ system in California is a mess.  Even if you don't like pot or potheads, the tax revenue alone will be worth legalization.

I never thought I would see the day that WA and CO would be hotter spring break destinations than FL....

$300-per-hour consulting firm?????  Is that really necessary and who is paying for that?

let everone out of jail that in on weed

Focus on the dumb(a)ss companies that still continue to test for marijuana during a urinalysis in those states that recreational marijuana use is legal.

I don't think things will change much from what they are now only the state is trying to get a piece of the pie.The only thing that is crazy this guy has $100,000 to burn up at 300 per hr and maybe they will give him more.so in 60 days the money will be gone.That is good work if you can find it.SO ROLL ANOTHER ONE JUST LIKE THE OTHER ONE

Looks like Washington is also going to need a "fastfood czar".

The Chong brothers would have done it for just a pound or two of pot.Only in america..... They should of got Snoop!!!

One thing I never see brought in articles I read about up where marijuana has been legalized, whether it's for recreational or medicinal use. Being as it's still illegal under federal law, and many employers still drug test...how does this work out? Does having a prescription supersede the law or does the drug test prevail, etc.? I have never lived in a state where it's been legalized and don't use it, and have been curious about how this whole thing works out. I'd like to hear input about this.

I heard Seattle is going to promote "pot tourism". It "only" took 70 years, but we can see that the money argument always wins in America. You can't keep prohibiting something that is so heavily in demand and which has big $ potential for business. Prohibition is a dead end.

Washington dont care as long as it generates money in taxes and fines for people who drive under the influance!!!

Another scam.  Another waste of Taxpayers money!  The answer to all of it is to just Repeal those laws Criminalizing the plant in the first place.Every single one of those laws is and are based on total lies and fabrications.  Repealing the laws criminalizing the plant takes away any conflict with the idiotic Federal Law claiming Weed is a Narcotic.  That too is a Nixion's "law &amp; order" Congressional,  official fiction.  He also created the DEA which Depends on and thrives on the illegality and keeping it that way.

$ 300.00an Hour?! I guess the Cartel is running this Firm .WHAT was Washington(state) thinking by hiring these guys?????  jmo

The only ones who benefit from keeping pot illegal are the drug cartels and the prison industrial complex.

SWED

The white house only involves itself if there are votes as stake. They are waiting to see how things shake out first.

The munchies are good for the economy!Let us ALL grow our own.

Did we turn into Russia 4 years ago, what is with all the czars

How many years did it take before the government finally let people make their own home-brewed beer?This is the dawn of a new form of revenuer, a government agent who will go around making sure everyone is complying with the laws, and no one is growing it on their own. In the same manner as they approach moonshine production, they will criminalize growing herb in your own garden.

$300 an hour to be a pot czar, lets see I have a degree in bongs, own a lot of Little Debbie stock, have a large TV for watching cartoons, named my kid Jeff Spicolli, can't remember what I meant to say, and jack off every 15 minutes, am I qualified?

Hey!! I had first dibb's on that job!! $300/hr Consulting!! I would have done it for residuals only!!I have Acres more experience then any 30 Board Members!!  I'd Smoke the Competition!!

Where can one get training for such a job?

What's so hard? Tag it on the liquor licences &amp; its sytem and be done with it. Only idiots and career politicians try to reinvent the wheel every time they wipe thier nose. And its FREE.

Don't smoke it, but even I could get used to getting stoned for $300.00 an hour !

All the feds have to do is move it off schedule 1... move it to schedule 2 and be done with it! It's so darn simple. Did you know cocaine is schedule 2?!?!?! Ridiculous, I know.

it should have been cheech and chong czarShould have hired Jorge Cervantes. He is the Grand Poobah of Pot

Is this one person directing 30 state employees or an hour hour, or 30 people directing the state at $300 per hour? No consultant is worth $300 per hour. Worse he will get paid travel, meals, hotels, rental cars, etc. on top of the $300 per hour. Washington State must have as much money to waste as Washington DC.

$300 bucks an hour? I say pay them in weed...

The Czar turns out to be two guys....Cheech and Chong!!!

When it comes to Bikini baristas is there such a thing as too much skin?

It's about time.I'e been using hemp seed oil and tooth paste to brush my teeth for the last five years.I haven't had to go to a dentist all that time.I haven't had a tooth ach for ever now because of my use of hemp seed oil.Plaque doesn't form on my teeth and believe me Five hundred dollars for cleanings hurts my wallet.Now i can use cannabidiol to treat all my illness's instead of hemp seed oil from CanadaTwo years ago i used the cannabidiol for my arthritis for five days and my arthritis hasn't returned for two years.I can't say it cured it,but it hasn't come back.This might be hard for some of you to swallow,but my doctor knew everything i was doing.Both doctors were mentors.I have great respect for them,but i don't feel that way about most doctors.You know the white coats with their hidden cameras in their glasses.

I'm smoking some SOUR DIESEL right now!!

If everybody grew one plant in their home, backyard, or patio.... One plant, and the world would be a better place and we wouldn't need to get the feds 'help' on the issue to suck more tax money from us.... Silly puppets.

_I'm feeling pretty POT CZAR ! I't's about bloody time too. Think I've been blowing  smoke up your butt for nothing ? XOXO You love your green , I'll love mine..WOO HOO !________________0________________00_______________0000___0__________000000___________0___00_________000000___________0____0000______000000__________00____000000____0000000_____00000_0_____0000000_000000_00000000___000______000000_00000_0000000____000000_____000000_000_000000____0000_000000000__0000_0_000_0_000000000____000000000__0_0_0_00000000000________000000000000000000000______________000_0_0000____________00000_0__00000__________00_______0_______00____________________0.

Haven't smoked pot since Nam. But now that its "legal".....thinking of trying it for my.........GOD...AMN PTSD!!!!!! ( seeing how none of those pills the VA gave me works.)If the State can't provide pot that's BETTER, CHEAPER, and EASIER to get than it is now, we will just continue to buy it from friends,strangers,family,or neighbors.

Please, for the love of god, stop using the word "czar".

It is not that complicatedRegulate it and tax it like alcohol.

Smoked/grew mountains of bud for 30 yrs.  Enjoyed it.  Miss it still (am actual federal taxpayer,  my family and democrats need me).  It held me back, if I had not, I would be an even bigger cash cow to Obama voters.

more big gov ? or big brother !

what is complex about illegal??? and when people start dieing from being high on the job.

If you are being told what you can put into your own body, or how much of some substance you can use, or where you can use it, or what you can grow, than you are living in a tyranny.

Electing a "pot czar" will create special interest &amp; corruption guaranteed, just let the people what they want on the matter, what is the worse that can happen?

HEMP has more uses then getting high its time to find t6hem all and use this plant!.

im smoken one know!what does a pot czar do on their day off?

This is what I have been saying all along. I live in Washington state. People who want to make an industry of this can forget it. Too many hands in the cookie jar. Seattle is a haven for nut jobs to be begin with and I should know because I live an hour from there. This will just make it worse.

Mark Kleiman's book; Marijuana Legalization: What Everyone Needs to Know, states that CBD is a mind altering component of marijuana. The book also argues that the feds will not allow states to legalize cannabi$.This guy is clearly is a prohibitionist in sheep's clothing. WA is not serious about legalization.

Thats good money for dope sales.

I was going to comment on this article but I can't remember what it was about!

Going to washington asap.

I forgot to mention... I'll be their czar for room and board only.

So now we will have the BATFP Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco Firearms and POT.  Odd that the libs are in favor of banning only ONE of those. Don't bogart that joint!

I sure hope it's not Kenneth Feinburg.....................the BP Oil Spill Czar, what a circle jerk!

This is all well and good......the state has a new revenue stream....which they badly needed, but there will still be a black market, and drug sellers avoiding the tax, selling a better product for less money than the state, and cutting into the stae run stores.   Criminals always figure out a way to beat the system.No wonder so many fools in Washington.

A bag of weed, a bag of weed, O'everything is better with a bag of weed.

Once one state figures out how to make a stack of cash off recreational pot the rest will do it as well.  Its just a matter of logistics.  They don't give a darn about your health the only thing they care about is being able to make money off the people

Don't bogart!

i could have done a better job,, @ $50/hour !

I think pot is childish...Ive tried it on several occasions, but never have seen what people make such a big deal about.  That being said, I see no reason why anyone of sufficient age shouldnt be allowed to do whatever they want to themselves, provided it doesn't hurt anyone else.  If people want to stick loaded 45s to their own heads and pull the trigger I am completly ok with that, so why should I care if people smoke inject or snort themselves #$%$?  If anything it might eliminate some of the competition and make more room for me and mine. Prohibition laws and any law for that matter that protects people from themselves just dont seem necessary to me.

The people wrote and passed the law,now the bureaucrats are going to screw it up

so the drug dealers will shift from the streets to the seats.  let us cultivate our own!  i know there's no $ in that for the state, but i feel it is my god-given right to grow his plant for my own use.

Three hundred dollars an hour!!!!  Does anybody smell something rotten in Denmark here?!?  America not only lost common sense but it seems all sense of propriety in charging for services.  At 300 bucks an hour, that means the people of the state of Washington will get a generous grand total of 333.33 hours of consultation.A little over 41 days of 8 hour work days.  This does not include breaks, lunches, holidays and all of the other employee red tape.Given the nature of American business to over promise and under deliver, I have a sneaky suspicion that the bill will be in the millions of dollars before all is said and done.

I read a book years ago called "Consentual crimes in free society" by Peter Mc Williams. In that book was a chapter called " Hemp for victory' in which it produced a lot of information about the once existing business of hemp production. Many products were being made from hemp. In the Civil War if you owned a farm and were producing hemp you and your sons were exempt from military duty to grow hemp for the badly need products that were coming from this commodity. One of which was paper. Years later the newspaper tycoon William Randolf Hearst and Dupont was plagued bt this competitive plant as they owned massive acreage of timberland so, as cut-throat business people have done for so long, they set out to eliminate their competition, hemp. They attacked hemp from a drug addiction standpoint. One of the tools they created to sway public opinion over to their side was a short movie called" Reefer Madness". For any of you that have experienced the effect of smoking #$%$, which I need to add is a different animal from the much lesser potent hemp, will probably agree that this movie is one of the most rediculous I`ve ever seen. But back in those days many people were not familiar with the truth on the subject and were duped into criminalizing all of it. Hemp is the much less potent cousin to #$%$. When it was banned as a whole the baby was thrown out with the bathwater so to speak. I read recently where the Kentucky senate has, or is about to legalize the growing of hemp again on farms. The fuel that powered the first diesel engine was made from hemp. Save our forests and grow hemp I say. It`s a win-win situation. Even in the example of #$%$ the legalization of in in it`s entirety would serve to take away some of the finances of drug cartel #$%$, provide income revenue here and help save our environment. The prohibition of alcohol did`nt stop anyone from drinking booze, all it did was make monsters like Al Capone filthy rich. The only good that came out of prohibition was that it supplied a means of putting food on the table for a lot of country folks in that time that were struggling to survive. My father told me that he saw people running moonshine stills that were against alcohol but it was how they were able to survive. The money that would be saved the taxpayer to stop the arrest, prosecution and housing of people caught with pot would be substantial. I`m glad to see this country finally recovering from the brainwashing that was caused by Hearst and Dupont.Why are we called the ''United" states if we are not even united in all 50 states? Why can I smoke in washington but not in florida? Thats not fair to the rest of us who live in other states who want to smoke free of law enforcements agendas and violations of personal freedom and choice. Why can doctors push prescription "drugs" into peoples systems likecandy but I cant smoke pot with peace of mind for crying out loud. There violating our rights by locking us up for smoking weed, its not there choice to make its ours... The government has ruined the lives of good people who have been sent to prison over weed and now can't get a good job because their record classifies weed a schedule 1 drug next to LSD and heroin. The inaccuracies concerning weed are mind blowing and the government continues bully the average citizen treating them like they are low class drug dealers who are out to destroy the youth. No! Stop judging people and classifying them just because they smoke weed. People who smoke weed do not go on to harder drugs because of weed. Most people who smoke weed only smoke weed and nothing else. Most people who smoke weed are responsible individuals who have families to provide for not different from the next man who likes to indulge in beer or liquor. It would be best if everybody just kept completely sober but if thats never going to happen at least allow people the dignity to have their own choice, and besides regardless of the law and what it says people are still going to smoke weed!

No good is going to come from this 'freedom' with government oversight and a high paid government czar.  Eventually, they will have to overregulate this like they did alcohol.  Never did appoint a moonshine czar in north Carolina.

When Washington doesn't fall to rack and ruin, perhaps I won't have to choose between my guns and my hot chocolate with bone in the evening, and there will be an end to Prohibition once and for all. Let us hope.

Anyone else uncomfortable with that "Czar" word?

This sounds like the beginnings of a marijuana bureaucracy! How much is this s#it going to cost the consumer?

The feds don't dare contest this. After wasting everbody's time, effort and money for a failed War On Drugs, any resistance will be met with an another "war" that will lay the busy-body Fed prudes to rest... :-)

$300 an hour, LOL - for a job they could get 100,000 applications for

Good Luck suckers!

"In Washington state, it remains a crime to sell, cultivate or share the drug, drive under the influence of pot or imbibe in places where alcohol is illegal."So, in exactly WHAT WAY has it been legalized?

{"Botec Chief Executive Mark Kleiman will supervise a 30-member team, billing the state at $300 per hour, "}That's about right, $8 an hour for each 30 heads to try to figure something out, with a $60 an hour manager riding herd on 'em.If every state would follow we would have way less crime way LESS GUN VIOLENCE way less deaths fighting over territory to sell this stuff......LEGALIZE IT ALREADY......This all coming from a person who does not even smoke it........I might think about it if it was legal

grow your own and pay no taxes....I've figured out what it's good for...sure hope they can

So the people of Washington State voted to make pot legal, and the politicians hire a high-priced consulting firm to decide how to set up and regulate a #$%$ market.  THE PEOPLE VOTED!!  LEGALIZE IT!!  We don't need czars, regulators, or bureaucrats listing conditions that people can have what they voted for.  Is this a democracy or what?

it dont need no tax

I wish the state of Georgia leaders was open minded enough to legalize it.

who is the lucky stoner

legislation  I-502 gives the state a year to come up with a system of state-licensed growers, processors and retail stores..... with the marijuana being  taxed 25 percent at each stage.... 25% for growers 25% for processors and 25% for retail stores..... 75% tax?  really?  that will drive the cultivation and sale right back underground,  not a bit greedy are we?  our government gets dumber by the day.

This war of attrition has been going on for 45-years, now.  I hope legislators feel the winds of change. " Fool me once - shame on me.  Fool me twice... well... you can't fool me twice."  - George W. Bush -

the state need to start with the 5 nano law,,,its a joke,,,,you would have to take 1/2 a toke to keep under the legal amount you can smoke,,,if you smoke every, you will be over the limit in the morning and you can't drive for 4 hour till you go under the limit of 5 nano and big problem is you can not test for it,, only by a blood test everyday,,,( Catch 22)

What a proud moment in American history. One which will surely be written into all the history books. The appointment of our first "pot czar". Where the hell are our priorities!"The U.S. Justice Department has not said whether it will sue to block the state laws in Washington and Colorado." This is the part I like. The government is saying I don't care what you voted for you'll do as I say.

$300-per-hour consulting firm . I'll do iy for a JOINT/DAY

In Washington State #$%$ is to be sold and taxed at state-licensed stores in a system to be modeled after those in many states for alcohol sales."  Works for me. Now we need the other 48 states to get with the pot program.

In other news, Washington state will lower all the speed limits on state roads to 27 miles per hour.

I'm waiting for them to legalize it here in California..Then no more weed wars..YEA!!!

300 an hour, what a rip off,they could not find someone cheaper,I think someone got their hands buttered. Can't anyone be honest today? I am very happy for the legalization,it is about time,but 300 an hour rips off the tax payers just like all politicians,,lawyers,bankers and the corrupt cronies in Washington D.C.

To bad other states are to stupid too legalize it. But wait till others see the tax revenue this brings in. Than the greedy fukcs will be jumping in head first.

If ya can't beat them, Join(t) them!

I was going to be the drug czar....but then I got high.

Its about time!!!!!!  How long til it takes the whole country to come to terms with this.Only in America can smoking dope be so hard

A czar they pick over freedom i would have done it for free as a civil servant should

SWEET. BRING IT TO CA.

Wasshington needs to appoint a "war czar" as that's what going to happen within ten years as drug gangs domestic and foreign get into an outright war over who's going to really control distribution and grow and thief on homeowners planting their own grow in there homes.

Will he be able to keep a clear head or just float through the day

Leave it to the baptish to try and outlaw ,Gods Plants !

smoke blunts!

what a job

Sounds like an Obama pick to his personal council.

im sorry but your all morons if you actually buy govt weed and smoke it. all of this is a complete #$ SHAMI thought SnoopDogg was a shoe-in for this position.

They can't cultivate it????? Boy, are they stupid!  MORE TAXES!!  (LAWYERS, ACCOUNTANTS, etc etc etc...)

Take the big money out of pot lower the prices drastically and it will change everything.

The People have spoken don't get slapped.

LAND OF THE FREE - in Washington and Colorado, anyway...

I am moving to Washington, I am ready to retire and this is certainly better than a drink.

That should be a great opportunity for the prez when he is done in the White House.

If i could afford it i'd move to washington or colorado

I got my #$%$ card in the mail yesterday.  What a great day!!

I Live in Washington, and I'll do it for free. you're telling me, they can't find anyone within the governemnt already that can do this? they have to hire a $300 an hour firm to do this?SCAM

How will they grade it? Harshness, potency, amount of seeds. Will it all be the same grade?

$300 an hour?... Huh!....

Unless the State can provide pot  that's BETTER,CHEAPER,and EASIER to get, we will continue to get it from friends,family,neighbors, or even strangers, like we have for 60 years!

And here I thought that they would just pay him two or three lids an hour.

I want to become the Colorado Pot Czar. I'm very knowledgeable on the subject.

Pot Czar ? I want that job...

$300 an  hour???? Where do I apply????  Sounds like a typical political job.

Let's see if the the big, nice, warm, fuzzy federal gov't acts the same benevolent way when sheriffs don't support unconstitutional gun laws? Oh yeah, 2nd amendment supporters tend to be conservative, have jobs and behave responsibly and NOT vote liberal, while people who smoke pot tend to be free spirits waiting for Obama's utopia. Nah, I guess Obama will let it slide.BTW, I don't care if you smoke pot or not. It makes more sense than cigarettes.

Legalize and tax !Money talks and #$%$ walks.

$5.00 a gram sounds right !!!!!!!!!!

I can set up a marijuana testing station for free.

pot is a gateway drug and will ruin your life.  hmmmm just wait a second.  Ive been smoking for 18 years.  but yet I tried ciggs and alcohol before pot and I have done very few other drugs.  Oh and I have had a job all my adult life except for about 6 months.  and I have a family.  So when will it ruin my life.

that weed looks SO yummy :D

Now if the rest of the county would smarten up and legalize it across the board

In Washtion if it's   illegal to cultivate it WHAT in the hell are we talking about?  If ya can't grow it then HOW are you going to have your own?

wow! soooooooo raaaaad bro!

Please don't screw this up.We need more  to follow in your footsteps,make this happen.

Where do I apply to be a Pot Czar?????Legalize nation wide (my apologies to the cigarette and liquor lobbies).

Just when we thought the taxpayers were going to get a break by getting rid of all the wasted money like DEA, jails, judges, lawyers, pensions, equipment etc, they add more expenses!  At $300 per hour! How many people will be needed on this useless task force?

alright! Legalize everywhere!

Its about time they recognize its not harmful its medicinal

"Pot Czar".  I think I can fill that one in.  $300 per hour.  One guess as to where that money is coming from.  Can you say taxpayers?

Hurry up I want to plan a USA only vacation this summer. USA

Pot Czar? Link to applications plz!

Finally! Legalize in every state! Finally a sensible approach!

Another Obama Marxist term entered into our lexicon and being spread by his adoring media......."czar".  Now we have a "pot czar".

I will do the job for half the price.Now when is the rest of the country going to wake up! The olde political spool saying it leads to harder drugs is bs. Alcohol has more damaging effects than pot and has led more people to harder drugs.

I was for legalizing it. One reason has to do with State Rights. Another was so people don't have to come in contact with the criminal element to get it. The down side is it's a good diversion while the Dems and Reps loot the country.

heck you could pay me with product

why wasnt it a firm in Washington? cause Mass. is closer to the White House?.. dot forget theyre already pushing for a 15% federal tax on something that is illegal according to the feds.....

Legal weed is on the way!

Bout damn time some sensible policies are drawn up and enacted!  Washington and Colorado are the first to set the example - The other 48 need to follow suit and protect their own civil liberties as well!

I was gonna apply for this job, but...uh...My application is, er, ah...gimme another bong rip.

I thought Barry was already enployed.....

nice photo. makes me want to burn some .then have some hot sex.

Marijuana for medical is great!, But for every one responsible recreational smoker, there be three that won't........Good luck with that Washington.Have a car accident while driving under alcohol and pot?.....They blame it was due to the pot! I smoked weed for 27 years and know the difference between the effects. Maybe these old people who have seen reefer madness should try it!....but they won't cause they would rather be ignorant than know the true facts.

Washington will end up with every pothead in the country moving there.  Can we also send all our illegal aliens?  How about all the liberal losers?  My x-wife?

can i get a 3 year 9 month bag......?

oh, i want their pot czar in my state, the one one we have doesn't allow it.

driving under the influence?  That hasn't been proven to be a handicap!

sweet bing it to ohio next plezz!!

Pot Czar, that's what I want to be when I don't grow up

I applied for the position but failed the drug screening.

Hahahahahahaha, hey potheads, hehehehehe, they own you now.

yet another market that the government has to stick its fat grody fingers in. More government control, the drug dealers are now paid for with taxes. Just let the private sector handle it, its a damn plant, not a nuclear bomb.I have no problems with the legalization of marijuana, period.  I was disappointed in November when my state wouldn't pass medical use.  I also believe the tax benefits to the state could be lucrative enough to begin getting budgets in order.

"hired its first "pot czar," a $300-per-hour consulting firm"Dude was high as fu&lt;k when they did that lol

Pot testing soon to be a job

The White House will soon see a need for ATF to take over this new enterprise.  There is tax revenue to be gouged.

What is that going to do to the air. Isn't that a drug people smoke?

Probably the guy who ran the pot trade while it was illegal.  Who would know the market better?

Yes folks this is another dumb #$%$ Democratic liberal state who loves spending their peoples money on garbage.

we never had a cigarette czar. why do we need a pot czar?

That  libtrash state has gone to "pot".

Be free. Grow your own.; It's about time, with all the addicted cigarette smokers out there trying to tell you what you can't smoke, we need the righWe need the right to do what we want with our own bodies !

@TLL ... Have you ever Smoked Pot ? Obviously Not. Listen Dork, I am 59 years Old and I smoked Pot from 16years of age till I was 30 years old and then just Quit. I never harmed a fly or anything else, it never impeded my driving and never harmed me. Alcohol is what should be banned from Society because of drunk drivers. DO not make Judgement against those who know better than you do, because we smoked it and know what it does and does not do. It makes you Happy not Violent like Alcohol does to some users.

All a ploy to generate tax income. Cant wait till the state is being supplied by the cartels since who the hell can legally grow the stuff? Where are these stores gonna get their product? State run weed mills? Government is the definition of stupid.

We joked back in the 70s that when pot was legal it would be sold at the state liquor store renamed as the jug and drug, wow

2 down and a long 48 to go.

They don't know what they are doing........... I'm talking about the officials here,  not in  D.C.But....hey,  it applies there too.      Calling  evil good.......

And the owebama justice department, which enforces federal immigration laws on Arizona, is curiously absent in these cases.

Don't you dare smoke the Tobacco!! Here look at this picture of cancer ravaged lungs!! Now hide those smokes behind the counter!! So, while were demonizing tobacco.....wooddja like to fire up this hooter??

Dude tortilla chips are like unflavored doritos.

what?....."help sort out the complexities of setting up and regulating a #$%$ market"....another butt end loaded law that nobody knows what it says until it's implemented.  great job liberal morons.YES !  Thats it,  just tax it  " Money Money Money by the Pound"

They're just playing with themselves . The day they " legalized " weed they lost control of it . The whole population of pot smokers consider themselves to be above any kind of regulation anyway ....hence the usual arguments for abolishing the " war on drugs " ...legalizing weed because it's a " natural product "  ....constant references to studies that supposedly show that pot use is less harmful than breathing ...and so on . Does the state seriously think that after opening the door that the entire pot smoking segment of the population is just suddenly going to go along with THEIR program ? Good luck with that one .

Nice!

Yay moral decay !So now the deficit is going to get fixed, drug lords are going to be out of business, and crime will be almost non-existant. Good luck with that.

I will volunteer to be their "Pot Czar" for only $100/hr.

Washington - what a screwed up State - a second California!  The kids will be going to high school with their brains fried! The high school kids are stupid enough.  God, if I could leave this country!

So how, Mr. Pot Czar, do you test a driver, high on marijuana, who was smoking while driving?  What THC level is legal?

Another czar, this time in the once great state of Washington, further proves the communist, liberal influence that has taken hold around the country.

Pot czar for 300K.  And, being with the government, he will totally mess it up.  Next stop, low tar #$%$.

I wish the federal government would but out of our states politics  They are turning Colorado into California.If the feds get involved it will fail..............

How much money did this Botec Analysis corporation donate to Democratic candidates in Washington state?

the medical mental people will have a feid day in 5 years .

Are they going to need a warning label like cigarettes?

$300 an hour for consultant on the pot law. Somebody started smoking before the law passed in Olympia :-)On the bright side if they get enough people stoned in Vancouver maybe they forget about putting the light rail in and save us all some money.

All this and 300 per hr when washington state law requires drugs to be controled thru pharmicies. Go figure.

That doesn't roll off the tongue too easily... how about King Leaf, or Weed God, or ...?

damn , and i didn't even get a chance to submit my resume' .

I call foul, what a waste of money. I see the kick-backs have begun.

What a beautiful dayAll hail chief Executive Mark Kleiman, who probably never needed to smoke or inbibe. All hail Botecs CORPORATE FOREIGN STATE RAND CORP. , Who's probably in bed with the other CORPORATE FOREIGN STATE CRIMINALS. What we need is less CORPORATE GOVERNMENT. Paying this guy or any one is FRAUD. We dont need CORPORATE FOREIGN STATE DICTATORS. Im not letting anyone tell me what to do, or not do, as long as I'm not hurting any ones Corporate Morality. They need to butt out of my Private life. Freakin mucus suckers go dip your cookies.

its really weird  in that you could get 10 yrs here in oklahoma for the same amount(2 oz)that a guy gets  a ticket for  in  denver,,,,,,,,hmmmm@767 miles away,,,,sounds like a move is in my future

One of the issues has always been teenage use.  Even though I certainly used as  teenager I now think that teenagers should not puff. Hippocritical, I know.  But the legalization sould cut down on teen useage I think.  Better for us peaceful adults.

This will help remove the funds that give give cartels their incentives. Give us the money not them. Prohibition is just a big paycheck for all the wrong people.

snick snick... what? I don't live there. I may move. Pass it back this way.

can you imagine....people so ignorant  they would elect obama are now allowed to smoke dope legally .....   this will not end well.....

How can they appoint a pot czar when marijuana is still illegal under Federal law?  Or is this one of the laws that Obama and Holder have decided don't need to be enforced.  It's so hard to tell these days which laws are supposed to be followed and which are to be ignored.  Oh, those crazy liberals are at it again!

Zero reason why this shouldn't be legal in all 50 states by now! Once Washington State and Colorado start distributing it and taxing it people are going to see just how much money they can make off this helpful,awesome plant! I refuse to call it a drug!I live in Indiana ,and even they are planning on dewcriminalizing it soon! So many senseless drug convictions where pot users are sitting in prioson for BS!Put the real criminals in prison,like half our government and the real drug pushers,meth,heroin,Cocaine,you know ,actiual drugs~!Have a nice day :)

Liberal media/TV makes fun or demonizes religion (usually Catholics), but our country is going to pot, because 20somethings who want to be bad use the negative "press" to rationalize it.  Western states are now dominated by young people so . . . . .

$300 an hour seems a little steep.  "Up in Smoke" can teach everything you need to know about the pot business you can learn that for $20 in late fees from Blockbuster.Th people can just grow the #$%$ in their yards. Its a #$%$ weed.  No need for greedy #$%$

300 bucks an hr for a pot consultant.. man, i will do the job for $150 hr. and a bag of weed.. like someone else posted, tax and supervise it like alcohol and go catch real criminals like murderers and thugs and get them off the streets.

states can do what ever they want but if federal law says no is just matter of time b4 they enforce it ..right now a test ground to see if they can market and make billions on it like smokes ..what i see so far is they are getting broke into to often to see if winning or losing lol stupid people breaking in are losing the chance to make it legal

years ago  I remember hearing,  most drug abuse began with pot??

Any openings in the "quality control department"?

$300 per hour...what the hell?  Legalizing marijuana is supposed to save money!Marijuana should still be legalized, but this probably could've been done more efficiently.  Really how much "consulting" do you need?  You have a huge alcohol establishment to take notes from.  This was a bigger waste of money than that time they spent millions of dollars on commercials to advertise the new 20 dollar bill.

duhh

"In November, Washington state and Colorado became the first U.S. states to legalize marijuana for recreational use following popular votes in both states. Nineteen other states and the District of Columbia have legalized #$%$."Then..."Marijuana use remains illegal under federal law. The U.S. Justice Department has not said whether it will sue to block the state laws in Washington and Colorado."Anyone else notice something odd here.  Is Washington DC run by state laws or federal laws because I know it technically not a state.  Yet it has legalized medical mary and/or decriminilzed it.  Whats with this?!!!

To be able to Enjoy some of Gods Greatest Gifts to Human kind without oppressors Dictating your life like Tyrants always do Genesis 1:29,1 Timothy 4:3,1 Timothy 4:4 and Ecclesiastes 8:15

I see a one eyed one horn flying purple kush -----what rhymes with kush**lol* I moke to munch **loltoo late spice and meth won the race

Damn 300 per hour!  I'm in the wrong business.

may not be a cure all, being nature made, provides a better state of consciousness than does the man-made alcohol that has been so-called enjoyed history book chapter thousands of years, same time we read daily DUI issues, marijuana provides much less impairment to driving...it is previous generations preventing legalization.  when it is world will change for better, lobbyists will do a 180.

Its about time America is coming to there sense and looking at the statistics recognizing there is nothing wrong with smoking weed. Look at all the other legal drugs people die from every year by the hundreds of thousands. Anything can be abused and everything can be done in moderation. 1000,000 people die every year from consuming alcohol but there is a higher number that uses it responsibly and in moderation that have no problems. Weed is a plant that's been around for 1000s of years and has never killed anyone plus has medical benefits. It should have never been illegal in the first place but if you know the history the prohibition of it is based on nothing but lies.....from the government as usual

I will do it for payment of weed thankyou

If they have to pay someone 300 bucks an hour on how to deal with weed they are already losing "The Game"  Invest in Styrofoam, water hammers, plastic trays, and nutrients and lights.  Not advice.  What they need to do is find mass scale growers who let go of the weed they co-oped for patients for only 10% more than the cost of production. AKA non-greedy people who know everything about weed and how to grow the most of it for the cheapest.

Enter the corporation. Sounds like this will be big business for big business. Even though I disagree with this law, I thought it may help the "little guy" start a business. Wrong again.

Okay 30 people at $300 per hour each, that'll buy an 11 hour day for $100,000. hope they are really stoned and really get a lot done in one day.

I want that job !

Surprised they didn't make Van Jones thier Czar he's been on a mission to destroy the country for years.Somebody please tell me why these big, liberal, Obama pushing states are having so much trouble with employment, finances, gun control, drugs, etc, ad nauseum?  Could it be that they are just WRONG?

search ......BACH, Vote HEMP, HEMP CAR,read gringo sheeples,turn the worst dope in the world ,TV off

I"M I"M I"M - IS IT MARIJUANA OR #$%$ ?IS MARIJUANA MARIJUANA OR IS THAT I"M ON MARIJUANAOR IS IT WEED MARIJUANA, - SO MARIJUANA IS HARMLESS IF I PAY TAX,

dont be surprised if the feds are just waiting and scheming for the right time to hit, when they are at their prime!!!......kind of like what happen in California with the medical distribution facilities!!!!!

let the games begin!!!

Oh Boy...It won't be long before all the states get the same idea!...If it involves taxing for more money, There is no stopping the "Can of Worms" opened...Tax Prostitution, Tax Drugs, Tax Whiskey, Tax Gambling, Tax Abortion, Tax Assisted Suicide, Tax Infanticide,...ect...Taxed &amp; Regulated to death!

I'll bet my dope head ex that lives in Spokane has had wet panites since november

Pot Czar? They just need Tron from the Chappelle show...

The Washington legislature must have been stoned to legalize pot before they knew the consequences. Govern FAIL! ---- After you sign the bill can you pass the Cheetos dude.

Washington state names pot czar, while in the UK they are passing out scratch-and-sniff cards to the general public in suburban and rural areas around the Country.The scratch card smells like fresh budding #$%$, and anybody recognizing the smell is asked to call the police hotline phone number on the card.Cheers to Washington state and Colorado, Jeers to the United Kingdom.Washington state names pot czar, while in the UK they are passing out scratch-and-sniff cards to the general public in suburban and rural areas around the Country.The scratch card smells like fresh budding #$%$, and anybody recognizing the smell is asked to call the police hotline phone number on the card.Cheers to Washington state and Colorado, Jeers to the United Kingdom.

If i toke you once, i toke you a million times, change is here. I bong the drum for change .  No poon intended.

Blue pyramid anyone?

Grow pot lose your house!

you would think that a president who sat in a homies van freebasing coke ...would legailize weed ...go figure ?????..     after all you have done to distroy America  you must be back on the pipe ...would you mind #$%$ in a cup and prove me wrong ....i didnt think so.

Smoking pot under 24% THC is useless!

Smoke the weed and not the seed.

The new law states that nobody will be allowed to smoke pot under 24% THC

you rock washington , keeep up the great freedom of such a wonderful plant and try to stop some of the real crime and DRUNKS

It's beefy.Because it takes the fools in positions to make decisions, forever to get things done that the average person would just consider common sense.  It's ridiculous, I am giving serious thought to leaving this country, the gov't officials are stupid it's beyond everything, &amp; these I.D.I.O.T.S are given the power to make decisions that affect everyone else.  Nah, that's a recipe for disaster; the idea of gov't doesn't suck, the people in it do.

Only In This Bass Ackward country would the product that causes cancer be legal, &amp; the product that they give to people with said cancer, be illegal.  That pretty much summarizes how things get done (gov't wise) in this country, &amp; nobody understands how the economy has fallen apart.

The Rand Corporation? Botec from Massachusetts........ #$%$ do they know about pot? They ONLY know to throw folks in jail for growing....now Washington hires them to design a "tax and regulate"Botec....#$%$!Second BIG mistake Washington, and can not wait to see what comes next? Just boggles the mind.

If they need a cocaine czar, Im their guy.

'Gee,Mark, you're sure putting in a lot of overtime".

WeedCzar?  That is a dope jarb #$%$.

legalize, tax. problem solved. move on to real criminals.

all hail czar !!!

ROADTRIP

Very cool progressive thinking. Seems logical to hire that think tank.Lets legalize drugs and ban guns. Well at least no one will be shot by a hopped up pot head. Just killed in a collision.

$300 per hour? I'll test it and regulate it for $200 per hour!

Legalize coca leaves!

I'll do it for $200.

its legal here, but no one has a job so they don't have any money to buy it, so its a catch 22, #$%$ sucks, spent about ten grand to set up to grow, now have to put in food saver bags and store away so it doesn't go bad, killer #$%$ too

Bout time

Hired for $300.00 per hour ? Washington State Gov must be smoking a LOT of pot to contract that deal

Cigaretts are bad for you,  says the libs and the entire gov. as far as that goes. New York says you have to hide them behind the counter. Now the libs are running out of things to tax so wow now pot is much better than cigaretts so they can tax it. And the feds are not going to contest this law, But were all over Arizonas Imagration law. The liberals are the biggest TWITS, and they see nothing wrong with this what hippocrits !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I wonder what's to come here in Colorado. It's been decriminalized for over a decade now, anywhoo. Just a traffic violation if there's no intent to sell. 100 lousy bucks. :P Should have kept it illegal, honestly. Cut the excess.

$300 a hour..#$%$, i'll do the job for $100 an hour and set up a system that is just like the liquor off-sale system...(cut/paste) that they are going to do anyway and i can have it in place in a month rather than but the deadline which they are going to have trouble makingit must be really easy for the young, black and stupid to get marijuana......obamas president !

They just want to tax it and tax you, Man f these guys and Revolution ! Time to set the whitehouse ah blaze! Czar is russian...Are we russian? Hell no get the F out of my country and I do what I want! When the people drag you into the streets and set you on fire...We are going to smoke your body in a big joint while counting our new gold bars and Mansions..Hey anyone want a Rolex from Feinstine?

CZAR, Is that an anonym for HEAD ?  How modern terms are confussing lol

I'm hungry.

I'm moving to Seattle ASAP.

Here we go.  All that money we were supposed to save on enforcement is blown somewhere else.  It's a matter of time before Washington goes broke from legalizing weed.Liberals...

I guess recreation in the elementary schools will be going outside to smoke a joint.

U.S.A...U.S.A. !!!

I would wager that anyone smoking that poison is on welfare and food stamps, not all, but many.  Good thing these idiots can't get in the military.  Part of my speciality while in the military was to weed out (pardon the pun) druggies and get them discharged as soon as possible.  Wow, that was quite exciting to get these bums out.

thanks to the gays for turning our country into a bunch of useless potheadsAnd in Mexico there are more than 70,000 drug related dead ....SEVENTY THAUSAND PEOPLE DEAD WASHIIIIIINNNNGTOOOOOON!!

Bet Oregon and Idaho cops will become super busy all of a sudden.

Great occupation to list on your resume. And 1040s.

This is just the Democratic Governor trying to maximize the tax collection. Who in the hell do the think they're kidding. The voters make it legal and the politicians try every way in the world to capitalize on it. The same thing happened when they voted in a $30 vehicle license fee instead of the massive fees of the past. The State government skirted around the voters by just renaming different fees to get back the states share. Voters do not have any say in what the state wants. Screw then.

Heck, I woulda took the job for $50/hr ...good luck wasting that money, Washington!

It might be better to take a poll of all the pot heads,                                                              than appoint the winner as the "POT CZAR"

Each person smoking it should have to buy a $1 million dollar insurance policy to protect others from the harm they will cause.

Great legalize pot and gay marriage, time too flush washington state down the crapper..

Top two finalists were Cheech and Chong.

Stupid Pot Users Going Nowhere.  Losers.They should keep that garbage on the Seattle side of the state. That place is going to hell anyway. Spokane is more mellow and has less crime. They don't need anymore.

I love when conservatives think that czar is an actual title instead of just a nickname. I also love when they think czars have to do with communism, despite the fact that the communists overthrew the czars. Conservatives are dumb. LOL!

Nero? Fiddle? Rome burning? Sound familiar?

USA OF EARTH...!!!

this will never happen weed will never be legal give up stoners