While he's gone change the locks on the Whitehouse doors.

The obama is right out there leading from behind, and after the fact.

Obama's way of dealing with stress is to spend a few billion dollars of tax payers money. Some here some there. He has no  answers.

Obama's 'aim' should be to not let the U.S.A. go down in flames...

He had far better spend some time in keeping the legal citizens of thiscountry from "boiling over".

Like anyone in the Middle East listens to him.

Obama's aim,  what aim, we all saw his aim, he can't even shoot at clay pidgeonshis only AIM is to make himself look like the hero.

At least he is starting out with a plan to do nothing.  Should be a sucessful trip.

It is way past time to call BS on the pro-Obama press.

What was Arab Spring? Benghazi? Mali? Libya? Egypt? Syria? If the middle east had not already broiled over? President Obama is living in a liberal dream world. ................And yet, he gives tanks and f-16's to the muslim brotherhood. Don't trust him for a second.

Yeah, he done such a good job so far; Bengahzi cover up, Release of illegals cover up, bail outs to the very groups he denigrates, use of his powers to buy votes for reelecton, forced healthcare, encroachment of Bill of Rights/Constitution, covert taxation, etc. etc.

Obama still doesn't get it, claiming Iran is a year away from nuclear weapons.  The US track record on intellegence in the Mideast is anything but stellar, between Syria, Bengahazi, and Egypt, and the US is not directly on the firing line when it comes to Iran like Israel is.  Obama's prediction of a year is likely not to last three months, and with the Obama Administration blowing the call on antimissile protections from Korea originally, and now having to find a billion in a sequestered budget, it is beginning to appear that in foreign policy, there is not much this Administration can do right.  What the Administration needs most is the understanding that not only is it not in control, but it has never been in control, either in foreign policy or the economy, and with his recent statement that the economy won't be critical in the next ten years, one has to wonder what the Administration is smoking or drinking.  Just the thought of tax revenue falling short of predictions, at the same time confidence is lost in Treasury, presents the concept of debt interest climbing exponentially and devouring the entire revenue collection, and it won't happen in the next ten years?  Hardly!

If he doesn't know. it has already boiled over.

he can screw up a wet dream...he has NO business "trying" to settle mid-east troubles...

Obama is a joke! But it hurts too much to laugh!

the POTUS has the gift of gab...he mesmerized America into electing him twice,based on the good games he talked...this trip will be more talk....no resolve....but more talk...Lil wayne went shopping yesterday and said "talk was still cheap"

Why do we borrow money from China to give to Egypt?

In other words. "Look at me, I'm Obama the Wonder Boy". People here in America are foaming at the mouth with anger of what Obama is doing  to us in America and he is going to the Middle East to straighten them out. His going to the Middle East is for the benefit of his Muslim Brotherhood not for Israel.

obama has turned into a laughing stock abroad and here.  You always see him laughing around people butamerica is not laughting with himIf Obama's stellar record of leader and uniting this great country are any indication, I'm sure it will be a very successful trip! (NOT)

Obama is a liar and cannot be trusted for nothing

Sent 200K of my kids Money  i dont have year that is his idea of Progress.&gt;??Devide &amp; Conquir.  Ur an Idiot!  we can Impeach the M0ro0n! &amp; fix it,

Keeping Mid-East troubles from "boiling over".Really?How progressive and insightful!This is something that has never been attempted before in the history of the Mid-East!Ever notice that Obama's first and middle names are Arabic?

This will never happen as long as extreme religion and hatred exist. Obama has failed all foreign policies...Egypt, China, North Korea and Africa.... what a total mess... all liberals do is kick the can down the road.... and now the road is on the border of the U.S.

History will not be kind to this liar.

I guess he'll go and apologize...he might even bow.

Welcome to the party Mr. President. It started more than 4 years ago.

Who in Washington is actually representing the People of America?

Mind this country not others , You stupid president.where has Obama been for the last 4 years, evidently, Hillary did not do as good of a job as you said she did. Was she not our spokeman to these counties for the last 4 years? ( most traveled ever) Did she not have all our problems worked out before she left office. obama said he could not have done it without her.  Quess what,,,, Hillary and you both have been a total failure. I didn't make this up, look on the news.

He must be referring to the problems he created with Arab Spring.

If they're smart they won't let him near their country's.

If anyone  can make people think poop is not poop he is the man for the job.

His AIM needs to be focused here at home, not the Middle East!!   He will soon be facing CIVIL UPRISING IF HE TRIESS TO TAKE OUR 2nd ADMEN.......  I AM WILLING TO DIE TO PROTECT THIS RIGHT!!!!!!!!!!  GUESS THE REAL QUESTION IS ARE YOU WILLING TO DIE TRYING TO TAKE IT FROM ME!!!

Weak Governments all over the Middle east and rise in Muslim Brotherhood spells trouble ahead.

Better start worrying about your own bed.

Hey, Prez.  We are the ones who destabalized the region.  We invaded Iran in the 1950's and tried to install the former Shah into power and that backfired on us.  Then, we invaded Libya, Iraq and Afghanistan and pushed out dictatorships which kept the region under control.So, what's your next plan to keep things under control?  Invade some more?

The most terrifying thing you could hear..I'm Barrack Obama and I'm here to help.

he closed the white house tours to students but then gave $250 MILLION to Egypt! HELLO!Obama's policies already have the mid-east boiling over.  How many governments does one president think he can overthrow without trouble.  He should have helped in Iran, but did not have the backbone.  Instead he has built up the muslim brotherhood.

Time to see if he was worthy of that Nobel peace Prize they just gave to him for being black.

Any one else ready to see this guy impeached?

I like the  photo they have of Obama wearing an Arab scarf , it seems they KNOW what Obama is about and who he sides with....he always sides with America's enemies because he is an American enemy himself.

Mr. President--- when it comes to a boil--- JUMP IN THE POT......Have Moochie join you

"Obama aim: Keep Mideast troubles from boiling over"...by replacing every Pro-Western leader with the Muslim Brotherhood who want Israel destroyed and America to fall?Genius, just plain genius

so why is obama sending arms to the middle east?

What a joke.  This guy has no foreign policy other than def;lecting everything to the UN.  He has to credibilty, other than bowing down to the muslims. LOL

Best thing he could do stay away. He ticks them off every visit.

So how much is thid costing us?Obama avoids the region because he is weak and cannot speak for five minutes without having a teleprompter to keep him on track. Obama has sat around over four years while the muslim brotherhood has taken over Egypt, and likely Libya, along with Syria massacaring thousands of its citizens. It won't be long until Lebanon goes to pot (more) and Iran has a nuke. Obama is a disaster brought to us by low information voting entitlement seekers. Congrats!

Heck obama caused much of the mid east problems with his apology tour and his speeches about the arab spring and a new way of life for these young kids... So they revolted and next thing you know the muslim brotherhood is in there taking control and now they are worse off then before... and hussien obama is partly to blame for rebel rousing them.. and the fact that obama has given the muslim brotherhood...( a known terrorist organization) right at 2 billion dollars and Abrams M1A1 tanks and F-16 fighters...  We have a sequester and he gives an additional 450 million to the muslim brotherhood in egypt...  Makes one wonder who's side this POS obama is on...!!

Let me tell you I have a real funny feeling about this trip President Obama is embarking on. Its the vernal equinox on the 20th and theres just too much going on in a hard way ...

YOU'RE going to solve it by giving them MY money? #$%$-k you!!!!

Since this Idiot took office i lost 12 Thousand &amp; No Budget in 5 years a Liar!

Odumbchit  should be dealing with a budget and jobs. He!! with his MUSLIM brothers

Right just like his aim is to keep the economy from going down the shyter.

During the Cold war Russia and America kept each other at bay with the promise of mutual destruction.What do you do with an enemy that would be happy with mutual destruction?  You wipe them out and deny them the ability to achieve their goal.

Headline : Obama aim: Keep Mideast troubles from boiling over - - -But, Mr. Obama, you can keep troubles from boiling over in the country you are governing - - -First, please take care of fixing the economy at home like you promised, twice.

Don't expect anything from This embarassement imposter president.  What a fool liberal Americans have elected.  What a shambles this nation is in 5 years into a jackass's occupation of the white house.  Impeach this dolt.Obama doesn't have a solution for the US, note less any other country.

Everything Obama does is "steeped in symbolism", mainly BECAUSE with Obama, there is NO substance!

Is anyone here old enough to remember when journalism was once a respected profession?

Obamas aim: Buy time for the Islamics to finish their nuclear gateway to heaven.

Obama is coming  to help..You're done for..

We have heard it before,now the Mideast will, "My kind of town, Chicago is; My kind of town, Chicago is; My kind of razzmatazz; and it has all that jazz" He will tell them what they want to here and give them a plate of razzmatazz !! PS don't visit the WH tours are canceled !!

This president is dangerous.

Hmmm. Well, he's already pi**ed off all the people in Egypt who put their lives on the line in the Arab Spring uprising.  Obama doesn't know how to keep anything from boiling over.  Look at his own country!

If BH0's track record at solving problems is any indicator , there will probably be a major war in middle east within 6 months of his "visit".

Can you imagine Netayahu with the very lives of his people, surrounded by Arab terrorists, and having to deal with a clueless fool that thinks this is just some game. I'm surprised Obama is even going there, it's only been four years. Remember the BP oil spill, it took this incompetent clown two full months before he met with the guy in charge of cleaning it up. Obama never ever wants to be part of the solutiontoo little too late,you INEPT Weasel!

This idiot can't tell the difference between boiling over and hot water. America is in hot water, and he don't know!  The middle east has already boiled over and the jihadists have taken charge, and he don't know. Chicago is the murder capital of America, and he don't know!

Obama doesn't have a clue as to what is the right thing to do for America!

He is a Muslim what do you expect??

&lt;--Thinks Smart people listen to himHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

God help us if there should be a world WAR now with the idiot we have in the White House!!!

IMPEACH OBUMBA NOW !!!!!!!

What happened to Obamas democratic spring in the middle east last year that he took so much credit for ?

Another photo op for the pretender. I went over there.. I tried...

&lt;--They have no respect for him just like every other countryIn other words:"I don't want any problems until after I leave office""I don't want to look any more incompetent than I already do"

Whatchya gone do big boy? "Talk" them out of it?

Mr Puppet will get nothing done. Mr Destruction of America and censoring of the persecution of Christians. May the double edged sword of God almighty come down and wake you up. You are far from the anointed one more like the anointed fool going through the wide gate.Pray for our leaders.

Um, say that again. What does he consider "boiling over?" All out nuclear war?

Nothing cools tempers like nuclear winter.

Obama would fu*k up a free lunch, how the hell is going to anything in the middle east except make it worse then he has already

He called me Prince Buster; he was an Arab… from a small sand dune.- We got along well. He liked soccer (we were the best), cars and women. I had all three; he had none. I’m not sure if he could even drive.  His Dad was kind of stingy with the money, but I had lots – I showed him how to invest his money. So if he needed a ride I would take him where ever he needed to go. I didn’t ask for any gas money (at 20 cents a gallon). Sometimes we would put the top down on my British sports car and just ride around the Ozarks for fun.- He would come to the soccer games and occasionally you could hear him yell:Prince Buster Scoooooooooores!!!It was easy to pick him out in the crowd.- When I married my Wife with the castle in Ireland he said: “I knew you were Prince Buster.”*- A lot has happened over the decades since our college days. We both are doing well, but now he has a little more money than me – he still likes my investments. So if I need a ride I call him and he sends one of his planes over to pick me up – no charge.- He still calls me Prince Buster and I still just call him Prince… from a small dune near Abu Dhabi - whatever.

Obama is not concerned about anything except spending more of our children's money to enlarge our country's debt yet again!

By his own estimate Iran is a year away from having a Nuke.  What is he going to do to keep that from "boiling over"?

Obama, you should shake their hands and tell them how much you like them and then give them billions of dollars and pretend you know something about foriegn policy, then you can hand dennis rodman to them and start up a game of tiddlywinks...Everyone takes you sooo seriously, that should work!Netanyahu is a super intellect while Obama isn't an intellect at all. It is embarrassing to put these two together.

For the first time in my life I am embarrast of our POTUS. What are the liberals thinking electing this imposter?

He cant't fix problems at home let alone another nation.  My way or no way does not work me prez

this is going to get good

Go home! That will do the trick!

From "BOILING OVER" ?????? Too late. The head gear looks great though. Reminds of Arafat.

How dumb is America to have re-elected this clown and now he is visiting world leaders. God save us all

He should take of americans firsr, not these other countries. He called each one on the phone

He has sent 20 Jet Fighters, 200 Tanks and $250 Million US Dollars to the Terrorists of the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt!  Sounds like Obama is causing trouble for Israel and the region!  Is Obama a radical Muslim????

If obuma goes to the middle east, airforce one mite get shot down by one of his drones.America owes Israel nothing.  Let me repeat......America owes Israel nothing.  We never have and we never will.  If anything, they owe us $ billions of dollars.  Time to dump these losers.  They are not in Americas interests.  Never have been and never will be.  History proves it.

What a joke.  "Keep mideast from boiling over."  Where have you had your head for the last few years.  It is already boiling over, uprising in Egypt, Syria at war, Benghazi debacle that you are hiding, and the Al Queda is stronger than ever and you make an idiotic statement like that.

Obamas answer to just about everything is give out our money .

The president also will look to boost his appeal to a skeptical Israeli public, as well as to frustrated Palestinians....boosting his appeal here in America isn't working....I don't know what makes him think it will work over there! At least going by the look on Prime Minister Netanyahu's face in the photo at the top, Obama is sinking fast!

French president sarcozy called netanyahu a liar to obama and he agreed, all caught on tape.

Obama,come on now, I just got home from vacation over seas and was getting laughed out every where I went. You are making a joke out of all of us!!!

BOTTOM LINE-----Iran is going to have nuclear weapons capabilities. Either just accept it or instigate a major major war that can have UNPREDICTABLE potential consequences for all parties concerned.

I thought our glorious magnificent Hillary and her 200+ nation tour created only rosy, lovey-dovey with all of mankind.Boiling cauldrons?  I thought only witches created those.

Here is some news for OBOZO. They have already boiled over.

HOw can he bring anyone together he can't get things done in his own country. He divides more that he rings together look at us now we are a messGee Really?

How many billions of dollars and lives is this going to cost us?

So many Presidents have said the same thing, and it has only gotten more worse.Whay does Obama think he's doing?

Why does OR president believe try to fix everybody elses problems and not ours?

Right, we wouldn't want to accomplish anything...............

A free people ought not only to be armed and disciplined, but they should have sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence from any who might attempt to abuse them, which would include their own government.” — George Washington

"This is not about accomplishing anything now." - Should be Obama's mantra.

Obama is irrelevant. Literally.

Obama's aim in the Middle East is to make America look weak, like him

Arab Spring. You wanted this mess and you want the muslim brotherhood in power. Quit lying.The more chaos, the better.His real aim is to disarm us and arm the Arab Brotherhood.

HUGObama says he won't seek peace in the Middle East. He says he's not interested in balancing the budget. He decided to cut off the funding for our troops and our veteran's higher education, while promoting free college tuition for illegal aliens. He's trying his hardest to take our guns away from us, so that he can be free to pursue his radical Socialist agenda without any serious interference. His anti-American policies have been allowed to go on far too long.  This fraud calls himself OUR leader ? This liar/clown has the nerve to say he has a "mandate" from the people ? If just one more county in Ohio had voted for Romney, "Barry" would be back in the political sewers of Chicago he slithered out of. And our nation would have a President who truly loves his country. Let's start the proceedings ! IMPEACH OBAMA NOW  !!!

Obama has no clue what he is doing or saying.  This is a pathetic joke.

The False Prophet has arrived to prepare the way for the Beast....

Obama is Pro Muslim, leading this country to socialism. Why do you think he advocates free cell phones, food stamps, welfare. He wants the people to be dependent on the government. Sorry Obummer, I will provide for myself and my family. I don't need or want your handouts. You cannot fix anything in this country, do not even try with other countries. You should be interested in helping the people of this country. Biggest failure of a President this country has ever had.

Trouble, disaster, mayhem, loss of life and rumor of war lie in the wake of obama's attempt at foreign policy.  Barry is a clueless failure.  Our allies scratch their heads, our enemies laugh at him and americans, well they just cringe in embarrassment.

Why is Obama always 4 years behind on everything? .....What an embarrassment.!

Obama will go down in history as one of Americas biggest mistakes.

Once again the author of the "Arag Spring" demonstrates his ignorance of this region's perpetual unrest. If Israel is destroyed and every last Jew is relocated the unrest will still continue. Then the enemies of Israel will persist in doing what they do best after killing Jews which is to kill each other.

So basically he went over that way for vacation and is doing nothing as usual...You know it's bad when Sara Palin makes fun of Obama!What? He and Hillary instigated all the current problems in the middle east. What a POS he is. POS POS POS.

He left his Nobel Prize at home, people were starting to laugh.

The Soros Owned Media must hang High!

Having golfed, vacationed, and seemingly accomplished nothing else here, he might as well broaden his horizons and try accomplishing nothing over there, too.

Is his aim tied to his laser-focus?Jobs, barry.American jobs......

Oh, the Arab Spring!  We got AL Qaeda on the run!  Its the era of new democracy, and womens rights in muslim countries!  Pass me the pipe barry, I need another toke.

Lets see how he explains selling Egypt/ muslim brotherhood, tanks and fighter jets. THis is where a true leader shows his stuff, which means, we are in trouble.

I guess the financial crisis must be over if he is vacationing in the middle east.

We will  Vote the Bums out of Office!!

What a waste of taxpayer money!!!  A video conference would be cheaper and just as effective!!!barack hussein obama will bring His BENGHAZI Experience to the table. obama can teach people in the mideast How to Kill Americans and NEVER get caught. . the obama explanation of "riots caused by a video " can be Used Over and over and Over

Glad he's got his strategy down for the Middle East ... LOL  It sounds like the same one he's got for US ... LOL Do nothing and let Allah sort it out ... He is useless ...

We don't belong to the government, the government belongs to the people.

Obama is gonna fix something? that is a joke,,,the rest of the world knows he is a poser,,he cant,wont and doesnt know how to fix nothing,everything he has touched has been #$%$

Why doesn't he keep our debt from boiling over?

He has to give them a good BS line he knows this country will not put up with another war.

Just going back to where he feels most at home.

Six years ago, he said all he needed to do was sit down and talk with them.  Hmmm.  That really worked well.

how about keeping american troubles from boiling over...you would think everything here is just fine.

Failed Energy Policy, Failed Economic Policy, Failed Debt &amp; Deficit Policy, Failed Immigration Policy, Failed Environmental Policy, Failed Justice Dept Policy, FAILED Middle-East Policy. I'm not sure if they have golf courses in Jordan but I'll bet da prez knows.America needs a real president. the joke obama needs to go back to wherever he is really from !

Obama you NEVER seek resolutions-ALWAYS the bandaid effect! And this way it justifies you supporting you cult terrorist muslim brotherhood!! OBAMA has done nothing in America but LIE, get Americans killed, pushes for the murder of innocent babies, lets criminals out of prisons, allows illegals to take over American jobs (the ones remaining he has not sent overseas), removed the National Day of prayer &amp; replaced that with a Muslim party on the White House front lawn, has his dog flown on solo jet flights to join him on vacation (always at the tax payers expense), denied safety to Americans in Bengazhi-allowing/approving the rape, beheading/murder of Americans, lies about his birth certificate and STOLEN SS#, bought votes from illegals and welfare recipients in trade for Obama phones, had Americans killed by giving them US weapons-who in turned KILLED MORE AMERICANS, blows the most money in history on himself and his family, made the highest US debt in history, takes the most expensive vacations in history, not to mention his 100+ golf outings ANNUALLY, has the highest crime, homelessness, joblessness, and promotes the highest gas prices in history!!

Israel is making a huge mistake in depending on President Obama to prevent it's destruction.

&lt;--Going there to try to stop Israel from taking action on Iran as Israel's deadline has come.Can he sweet talk Israel ?Will they Listen ?We shall see.

This idiot socialist is a day late and a dollar short as the saying goes.

Ill End they Wars in 1 year=FAILIll Balance the Budget= *U* Kidding?Ill Close Gitmo? LMFAO!!!Ill Do nothing but Golf &amp; Send Michelle 2 Paris! Well he did that. Only 7 Billion.$$

Obama can't keeping trouble from boiling over at home

Maybe he'll say pretty please

---the worm--in the white house--who sucks up to the ignorant and uneducated---is not capable of any thing but thing that would result in a meaningful result---he is trying to destroy israeli also----

obozo is nutsWhat an embarrassment !

Netanyahu, will take the resident Oval Office Muslim out to the woodshed again.

Obama doesn't know how to solve problems or issues....He creates them!

Stop giving out American tax payer's money to these countries and aid, charity starts at home.You won't stop 100's of years war and killing your only slightly controlling because they have something to lose if the U.S. gets slighted, and quits giving them money, they have to solve it on there own.

Hey, relax, says the president: “I continue to keep all options on the table.” And, every time he says that, you get the vague feeling he continues to keep the table somewhere in the basement. The best option would be if the Israelis just got on with it, absolving everyone else from a tough decision and simultaneously affording them the deliciously irresistible frisson of denouncing the Zionists for their grossly disproportionate response.More likely, Iran will be permitted to go nuclear — followed shortly thereafter by Turkey, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, and anyone else who dislikes being conscripted under the Shia Persian nuclear umbrella. North Korea and Pakistan both anticipate a lively export market.

Look at all these post, now you tell me the elections wasn't fix and crooked !!!!!!!

Classic Obama politics.......Keep kicking the can down the road.

got news for you barry soetoro -- Israel don't want u -- try kenya

Netanyahu is wondering just how a man so stupid could become president of the United States. I ask myself that same question all the time.

Watch Budrus and 5 Broken Cameras on Netflix.If peace will ever happen between the two peoples it won't be because of the godd@mn politicians. That includes American, Israeli and Palestinian.Peace, justice, and civil rights spring forth from a grassroots movement of noble people. Let the Palestinians and the Israelis work together. It can happen.lowered expectations, that about sums up the entire presidency of barak obama, countries worldwide laugh at the U.S., as they cash our checks

I want to know, how much of our money is this social worker going to give to the arabs......on the trip.

A little while ago all we heard was how Obama single handed was responsible for the middle east coming into the 21st century now all of sudden he is trying to prevent its collapse?

Aim? He  is an ignorant pos, the word is agenda

Obama aim: "Keep Mideast troubles from boiling over"He will try to accomplish this by giving everyone a few billion dollars and ask them nicely to "Be good for now, until I can tax the middle class so more and get you guys more money."

You do not do that by attacking, bombing, and invading countries, that is you destabilize the entire Middle East.  Western propaganda is not even thinly veiled garbage.

YAH, just untill hes out of office

Who exactly voted for this guy ? I read all the forums and comments and never see anyone saying anything good about him or his administration.Not sure who they are polling but something smells here !We all need to stand up and oust this guy !He swore to uphold the constitution and has done nothing but tread all over it.........TREASON !

the 'crisis-driven' ineptitude continues.

Gitmo Bura Quuen has Lost the War!Hey GO, what will happen is that nukes will strike Israel first and than the nukes will strike America second. Get your head out of the sand. We tried America first while Hitler grew powerful too.

Keep the US out of mideast wars. Ignore the right wing. They are shills for the arms dealers.

ALl the while keeping Americas troubles on simmer, while blaming everybody else.

Is anybody else as embarrass as I am by this ignorant fool? What a complete Obomination.

He's got more way's to say he's doing nothing than a teenager!

"I will continue to believe that Israel's security is paramount."-Barack Obama

it's this clueless idiot's policies that are the very reason for the destabilized mid east!  Oblamo is in way over his head....

Didn't Barry say during his campaign he'd just "sit down and talk" with these people and that would make it all better?  #$%$ him.

What a waste of our money... Obama is a weak pathetic attempt of Leadership... Guess what Obama?   Nobody is listening to your lies or apologies anymore.

cooling it off by a billion here and thereLooks like he's out to further embarrass us on the world stage, and give away more money too! Sidestepping the government and appealling to the populationis the same way way he manipulates America while democrats rule the roost. The blame game continues!

Can you imagine the reaction if Franklin D Roosevelt went to bed while Pearl Harbor was being attacked then went to Las Vegas the following day.  That's the difference between a real President and the imposter that we're stuck with now.

President failure has absolutely no ideea what the phuuuuuck is going on, at home or abroad. Except to keep the Benghazi witnesses well funded and quiet.

Maybe the egg plant should AIM at Improving OUR economy, shoring up boarders, restraining job exportation and exploitation of U.S. resources - which includes our universities. WAKE UP AMERICA! OBAMA IS A FRAUD.

He is going to the middle east, where his heart is. He could care less about what happens to us as most of it is his fault.

I have yet to see any other president that didn,t have the same "aim". Media blowing the whole thing up like this is the 1st president to deal with the Mid-East....

There's your President, not planning on being successful, schlepping off to the Mid-East. Making speeches to students, hoping for support from the youth....blah, blah, blah.

I believe the seeds of discontent and revolution are growing right here in your own back yard Mr President. You might reconsider your priorities as to who needs "help" around the globe.

Why take chances, Israel should bomb Fordo now.

He wants to send them more money."This is not about accomplishing anything now. This is what I call a down payment trip," Message to clueless idiot of a President...IT'S NOT OUR JOB!!!! Leave the knuckle draggers that you pledged support to to kill themselves.

If you BELIEVE that, you probably think Bilbo Baggins is a real person.

That headline is the biggest lie that i have read today. Everytime obumbles goes to the middle east things seem to get worse.

Mr. President, Fix the homeland first!  Please?

ObamASS thinks "Arab Spring" is a kind of soap...

I'd prefer that the mid-East go ahead and boil over.  Then we can be free to bomb the #$%$ outta the place and start fresh.  As it is, we never resolve the problem.

If you believe this, another lie in a 6 year list of lies, I have some beacfront property in Santiago, Chile you might be interested in. Remember the "Arab Spring" and what that has resulted in??

maybe they will discuss the death of our ambassador and 3 brave americans.  do you think he will try and spin the silly video story, again.

He can't even fix the problems in his own country, and he goes out to try to fix problem in other areas of the world???  Dumbocrats, where did you find this joke?  Nevermind, just put him back.

Obama’s parents divorced and Obama’s mother remarried to Lolo Soetoro from Indonesia.  Obama moved with his mother to live in Indonesia where Obama was adopted by Lolo and we have the school records from Indonesia where Obama’s name is “Barry Soetoro” and his nationality is “Indonesia” and his religion is “Islam” which is “Muslim”.  There is no evidence that Obama disavowed his citizenship from Indonesia and petitioned to reinstate his American citizenship, if he had any, between the ages of eighteen [18] and twenty-one [21].In fact the Indonesian law gives until the age of Twenty-One [21].  Soetoro/Obama would have had to sign an Affidavit relinquishing his Indonesian citizenship and said Affidavit had to be sent to the Indonesian Government before reclaiming any U.S. citizenship he may have once held.  As a result of Soetoro/Obama’s Indonesian ‘natural’ citizenship status, Soetoro/Obama could never regain U.S. ‘natural born’ status, if he in fact he ever held such, which we doubt.  Soetoro/Obama could have only become ‘naturalized’ if the proper paperwork were filed with the U.S. State Department, after going through U.S. Immigration upon his return to the United States; in which case, Soetoro/Obama would have received a Certification of Citizenship indicating ‘naturalized’.send them some money and go on another apology tour worthless obama

If I were him I would worry more about things boiling over right here at home. Letting thousands of criminals loose on the people of your country. There will be price to pay for it sooner than later. In my book that is called treason.

RON IS A *LIAR*.  Egypt is pledged 300 million I believe, while Israel gets 3 BILLION A YEAR.

The great divider should just save tax payer money and stay home. He will not get anything done. The man is a failure.

How is Barry going to do that when he can't even take care of business here

He just wants another vacation

Why should the Israeli's believe King Barry when they hear him Lie to America day after day...?  they also know how his Taking iT iN The behind philosophy and Harsh Sanctions have worked on containing North Korea...! ...  King Barry is a fool ......

Obama needs to keep troubles from boiling over in the US instead of instigating them.  Netanyahu knows Obama is a punk who flamed the problems in the Middle East by supporting the Muslim Brotherhood.

And don't forget to tell them what you told the Republicans, stop beating the drums of war.

The Dumb Fluck cant even Procect our Borders. Give Em Guns!  Ler Em go Ape!Why isn't saving the MIDDLE CLASS ever a freakin crisis?

What a Joke

He is keeping it stirred up.

however or what ever he does it will have to be in a big way.... he cant afford any more set backs.. hes gonna put on a good show for the people.. smoke and mirrors just like always....

so obama cant do the job here, he thinks hes gonna go there and do better? lmfao..ahhhh what a jerk we have

He is so full of it. he doesn't want peace in the ME, he wants as much war as he can make. If not he would not allow the CIA to do what they have been (playing both sides of every issue to incite war) and he would not even be thinking about going into Iran, This guy is a true psycho. He really believes that killing children with drones is in the best interest of peace. He really thinks he can just walk right into Iran and that the Persians are just going to lay down for him. He is in total lithium la la land.

Keep things from boiling over? I thinks it's a little late for that Odumbo, of course I think things are going for just as he planed for his "brotherhood". All that's left is to throw Isreal under the bus. This goof ball can't even work with his own congress and he expects the rest of the world to take him serious ---- what a jackass.

His loyalty is not to the US.

First he empowers the enemy by allowing terrorists to takeover countries.  Then he provide terrorists with advanced weapons.  And now he tells Israel to trust him.. Wow.. Is this liberal press protecting Obama and his failed foreign policy but doing zero research.

Bozo isn't going to do squat but make stupid noise!Netanyahu is saying in that picture---what an absolute dolt I have to deal with here---he ain't got enuff sense to find his way out of the fields----

Does he honestly  thnk that all these other countries can't see through his B.S. just as we the American people can...He is getting worse by the day!

Our rights come from nature and God, not from Government.

Was the Benghazi Attack a botched kidnapping to trade Ambassador Stevens for the Blind Sheik, Omar Abdel-Rahman — the spiritual adviser to the 1993 World Trade Center  bombers?  Did Barack Obama make arraingements with the Muslim Brotherhood to kidnap the Ambassador in exchange for the Blind Sheik?  And why did US Officials deny three requests for reinforcements during the Benghazi Attack, and operators were ordered to stand down?  And why was a video blamed for everything?

That's all that is on his mind now.  He runs out of the country when there is alot going on.  I'm sure the countries will not have a roll out the red carpet, like he wants, that is unless they are Muslim, and recipients of our money.

Obama doesn't give a #$%$ DAMN about the middle east

Maybe he can tell them how to run their countries, he sure screwed ours up totally.

His goal is to bolster radical islam and the muslim brotherhood so there can be no opposition to them....like the Borg....

this headline is the most ridiculous thing i've read all day, all obama and his crazy leftist friends have done, is fan the flames under the pot of boiling water. the whole "arab spring" is their baby, NOW CHANGE ITS DIAPER!!!

Real Headline: Obama's Aim: create unrest in the middle east by supporting shadow wars in Lybia and Egypt, then lie about wanting peace in the middle east.Thank you media liars for the next four years.

direct quote from barry obamas speech while running for his 2nd term, "america and americans need to be more middle eastern friendly". really why? clown!!! america first, fix our own backyard barry!!!!!!

If I were Netanyahu, I wouldn't believe that Obama says.

obozo is a JOKE

The headline was changed. I guess someone got yelled at for not being pro Obama

Will empty, fee good platitudes work on bloodthirsty Arabs? We shall see.

If pictures could talk, Netanyahu is probably saying "How much longer do I need to spend listening to this putz".

too late they got a loser and they know it!

Buck Farrack. Maybe it will boil over while he is there!!!

we are TOO DUMB to realize what a sham and ruse this is they continue to fight and argue so they can continue to beg borrow and steal as much money as we will give them for aid! they know what they are doing how long has this been going on decades centuries its all a game and we are the chumps !!!!!!!Obama wants to do the same thing with foreign policy in the Mideast as with our economy: Kick the can down the street.

How funny... Obama brought in the deadly Arab Spring in Egypt and bragged as though it were a good thing, now he's trying to 'stave off' an Arab Spring?  He has supported the murderers with weapons of destruction with American tax monies and now what? You actually trust this man? Oh, heck no! I wouldn't trust him! Keep him away from the Temple Mount... No need to dirty it up...

With the horrible job Osama is doing on both the Domestic and Foreign fronts, this will be truly difficult.

just kill each other in you own country until i get the hell out of here----------------Barry

If looks could kill, Bebe looks amazed.

We're the Battling Boys of Benghazi,no fame, no glory, no paparazzi.Just a fiery death in a blazing hell,defending the country we loved so well.It wasn't our job, but we answered the call,fought to the consulate, and scaled the wall.We pulled twenty countrymen from the jaws of fate,led them to safety, and stood by the gate.Just the two of us, and foes by the score,but we stood fast to bar the door.Three calls for reinforcement, but all were denied,so we fought and we fought, and we fought till we died.We gave our all for our Uncle Sam,but Barack Obama didn't give a damn.Just two dead Seals, who carried the load.no thanks to us - we were just "bumps in the road."

Well, since Obama "won" the Nobel Peace Prize before doing anything (and still hasn't)...shouldn't he be over there parting the Red Sea and uniting the world????

he is just trying to keep them off our doorstep

using the president as a role model, I went to work yesterday and told my boss I had low expectations of getting anything accomplished today. Today I am so glad that it is so easy to get on the public dole, thanks Mr. President.

Why then is he giving Egypt, F16 fighter jets, tanks and money?  I guess he puts Muslims ahead of Americans...He started them

I tip my hat to Netanyahu because he does not take ANY #$%$ from OBAMASHIT,LIE IN PROGRESS.

YOU PEOPLE JUST DON'T GET IT.  Our national debt because of 2 WARS AND A BLOATED MILITARY will never be paid off.  We will probably have our credit rating lowered again.  There will be ASTRONOMICAL INFLATION AS THE DOLLAR PLUMMETS.  It's coming.  We have made too many enemies who want us to go down.

WHY WE ARE IN DEEP CHIT.  Our mass media has the true power, and it is destroying our nation. We are divided and ineffectual. Radical ideology is kept front and center fueling screaming debate. Religious differences are accentuated. War is presented as viable option. True crises of national debt and bleak economic future are relegated second tier in the public mind.Someone is determined to keep us torn apart, distracted, weak, controllable and easily swayed. With a slight push, we are herded in whatever direction leads to profit and realization of pet agenda.What philosophy and self interest would justify holding a nation and world hostage? Who would want divisive racism, religious hate, and endless war as means to an end? What alienated and damaged group mind would callously use such?If mass media is the culprit, then you know the answer.

Finally barry's foriegn policy doctrine is revealed! Lead from behind, appease when necessary, don't accomplish anything now, just keep troubles from boiling over on his watch!

Troubles won't stop untill the muslims start acting like humans and not like savages from before time began.

So, why does he have to go over there if nothing is to be accomplished.  Must have wanted to dine on Israeli cusine, he is a waste of flesh.

Oh Yeah!!!! The Savior going to solve their problems? Solve ours first!

His real AIM is to , Help his muslim brother hood in any way that he can .

He needs to bring his big ears back home and worry about the USA boiling over and get out of their business.Every time Obama opens his mouth, HE LIES, HE LIES, HE LIES, HE LIES, HE LIES.  He has lied from the beginning when he said he would have the most transparent government in history.  HE LIES, HE LIES, HE LIES, HE LIES, HE LIES.  He is not any different then the X-Mayor of Detroit, KK.  HE LIES, HE LIES, HE LIES HE LIES and it's his brother, typical.

Any American who buys the zionist kool aid is a dupe and an idiot.  Wake up and do some research America. You are being hosed.

He should just talk about "My Muslim faith" as he did when he slipped up on a sunday talk show. Mainstream media buried it of course, never went national for some strange reason.

He is a liar! He just sent 500 BILLION in Fighter Jet and Abraham Tanks to Egypt. Who runs Eygpt? The Muslim Brotherhood. Who runs HMMAS in Palenstine? Muslim BrotherhoodMuslim Brotherhood wants to anihalate Israel and every Jew on the planet, much like Hitler. Yet Obama tells the country he is trying to keep peace, yet Hilary Clinton and OBama have done more to DI-STABILIZE the middle east causing ARAB SPRING in all these countries.Yet here he goes like everything else telling lies to the American DUMMBO's while he does the exact thing he sawears he is not doing!Dont watch your evening LOCAL DUMMBO news, watch something constructive like FOX NEWS. At least you get all the info. and not from a GOVT perspective but from a BUSINESS view! And business is what runs AMERICA folks!!!!! Obama will tell you differently because he is DUMMBO the LIAR!!!!!

suggestion #1: stop giving aid and comfort to Syrian Rebels and by direct association, Al Qaeda.

If not for Israel America would be great as it once was.  Time to dump these losers.  Make America great again.  America first.

The Obama 3 part foreign policy:1. Lies2. Cover ups3. Apology tours

Meritocracy!

And who will take care of Mooschelles needs while he is gone?Biden ? Tiger Woods ? Pelosi ? Rodman ? Reid ? Hillary ? Bill Clinton ? Feinstein ?Or will they take turns ?

He's so full of dung he turned brown.Yeah right,he wants to keep the Middle East from boiling over. That's why he sponsors the al Qaeda radical thugs to take over Middle East.Opinocchio is an absolute FAILURE!

Aim a little higher, Mr. President!!

Well if he screws up the Middle East as well as he has done to the USA they will all be fighting one another.

Obama sees absolutely no political advantage too doing anything for Israel, so he won't. That is how he operates. He is a corrupt Chicago machine politician. No substance , No character, nothing but a talking head stuffed into a suit, and for sale too the highest bidder.Who in this case just happens too be George Soros. Who by the way hates Israel even though he himself is a Jew.

Another lie, obama has promoted war and instability in the middle east and,yes, bush did his share.

Obama and Biden out of the country at the same time. Quick lock the gate.

Sure hope he's learned something from his other foreign excursions and does not embarrass us further. Also, sure hope that he has more success than the zero here at home.

This POS can't even deal with the simplest issues in America.

Boiling over? He helped it boil over what the heck are you talking about? Then he added even more fuel the the fire with his gun running operation in Libya along with the 200 million in aid for the Muslim Brotherhood.

obama can't even control his little girls from having sex with the Secret Service in the closets, so how can he control anything or anyone.His aim another vacation, no results, lost his man card support non Americans give to third world countries before Americans send able jobs to China still blames Bush, but hey it doesn't matter because we have a black president, so who cares about our well-being as long as we can say America has a Black President. YAAAA FOR OBUMMER and his servants.

He's not leading from behind, his behind is leading Odrama!

Obama should worry more about U.S. citizens boiling over. Get your nose out of other countries and concern yourself with OUR broken nation.

This Muslim #$%$ been in office for 4 years and NOW he going to try and make peace! He is the one that has caused the situation and he has his plan in place here too!

Keep things from boiling over , like maybe one of our embassies might come under attack ??maybe in Libya ?? or Egypt ?The " dog ate my homework" POTUS is laughable.

To say this after HIS CIA sponsored the 'Arab Spring' revolutions? What an Hypocrite!

When are people going to figure out that even if Israel ceased to exist, the Muslims would still be killing each other in the Middle East and still hate the United States?  The problem is ISLAM.

His goal is to keep the troubles in the Middle East ? Somebody needs to tell Barry he's just a little bit too late for that. Not that the arrogant (A#$%$ would listen .

He has a vast knowledge of the mideast and tons or experience negotiating. I mean, he was a community organizer and college professor for gosh sakes! He is very qualified to be President.

The incompetent culo couldn't keep a pot of soup from boiling over.Did you know that islamist call Israel the "middle-east trouble"...soooo..what was Obama really talking about?

Bibi knows Obama is a muslim.

By doing nothing, Obama has allowed an Egyptian government, friendly to the USA, to be converted to one controlled by the Islamic Brotherhood!! Highly unstable, and VERY hostile to our interests, . . . so he pays them $250 million to like us!!By doing nothing, he allows North Korea to threaten the safety of our west coast. The Bush missile defense plan for that area was killed by Obama personally, in 2009!! Now Obama will install THE SAME PLAN by 2017, at 3 times the cost!!!Now he shakes his majestic finger at Iran over nuclear weapons. This fool does not realize that they do not care if they are destroyed. They live to inflict harm on Israel and the USA - does anyone remember the 3,000 murders on 9/11!!??Those of you who voted this idiot into office, twice, are responsible for the mess this country is in!!Or should we blame it on Bush??

People that voted for Obama:  1)  Liberals  2) Nutjobs 3) Uninformed  4)  Low-incomed  5)  Unions  6)  Women-libers  (namely for abortion support)  7)  The very young (think Obozo is "hip"  8)  Potential ethnic groups that could become legal in a short time (like the illegals already here from Mexico and Latin America)  9)  Teachers  10)  People on the "dole" (food stamps, free Obozo phones", rent subsidies, heating assistance, etc..)  11)  Unemployed (BUT,....only if they still have unemployment benefits), etc.....................!!!!Tell me where I'm wrong:    !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Yes, Obama would like the middle east to go away for 4 years so he can get in all the golf he can. But Iran and its nuke program isn't going away, and someone will be taking it out soon.

Stay home mr. president and quit picking fites with the rest of the world.

all talk, no action...why are we funding another vacation for this incompetent fraud??? just let him stay home for the next four years and masturbate about 2016...

"Keep Mideast troubles from boiling over" And he's doing it with one hand tied behind his back.

Take care of your own back yard first !

in other words do nothingAyatollah Hussein Obama just going over there to inspire his muslim brethren to attack Israel.

Obama is the best divider America has ever had, for him to make peace is impossible.....

That ship has left port.

obama and Hillary stoked the troubles in the Middle East by backing the islamist revolutions there last year.  The so-called "arab spring" ushered in radical islamists and obama et al were instrumental in getting the islamists into power.

Leading from behind has worked real well so far, hasn't it?

yes ,that arab spring is doing wonders to keep the area stabilized

Not letting Egypt's Mubarak fall would have made for a lot more stability, the whole dumb US approach regarding Arab spring was a joke-if the number one undemocratic nation Saudi Arabia and the oil states were alright to remain in non spring state, then so should have Egypt. This has and will prove to be a deadly lesson for future american troops. Second, stability wise, Assad at helm of Syria is better than what will come, the Russian's know this, but our chump in chief does not.

He's probably gonna tell 'em they don't pay enough taxes. If they'd tax the Rich Jews,then hammass would "like them".

Obama has proven once again he is a good talker

He is a status quo placeholder president just allowing the criminals to continue looting the world.  He is an empty suit and a brainless loser.  He is a blackmailed bisexual black man.The most terrifying sound you could hear..I'm Barrack Obama and I'm here to help.

I hope Netanyahu makes Obama wait in the hall for 2 hours like Obama did to him...

Obama has to be the most destructive President to our economy and foreign relations of anyone in the history of the U.S.

when are they going to  move the white house to Hollywood.

How much  money did this "down payment trip" that was "not about accomplishing anything" cost the tax-payers?

Obama and his liberal minions in the Department of State are so far out of their depth in dealing with ME leaders; their two-dimensional views are laughable.

This " down payment trip " is putting a crisis on layaway.

Obama is an enemy of Israel's and an enemy of America. Worst president EVER.

If that's BOBO's objective why is he arming every Muslime state and terrorist group he can????A few months ago he GIFTED Morsi/The Egyptian MuslimBrotherhood a squadron of F16s and 200 Advanced Armored Battle Tanks,,then after they burned American Flags, tolds us where to go, and stormed our Embassy in Cairo, BOBO "gets' another $ 250,000,000 to give them as AID!and BOBO's media doesn't report on it question it, question him, or analyze what is/has been going on...he just gets a free pass from "HIS" media.That's why he hates Fox...they report on it, question it, analyze it and keep telling the public because the 'other" media keeps it all quiet.about two yrs ago he has given Saudi Arabia more in arms and aircraft then he gave to Israel and all others combined forever, ...over $60 Billion, ...did you see it on CNN?

he  is extinguishing  the fire by gasolinetalking to himself

He needs to worry about keeping the trouble at home from boiling over!!!   The citizens of America are mad and getting madder.   He better worry about getting himself and Congress as well as the Senate in line and Behind Us before there is a civil uprising.

All this hoopla may mean we are not going to invade another country this week.

Iran is playing the President. Israel needs to do whatever necessary to defend itself from destruction and no rely on an American President who has no resolve.

Nobama least worst politician in DC!

YOU GOTTA GIVE THE U.S. PRESIDENT credit for his suave and sophisticated attempt to convey a serious side to the Middle East turmoil. He acts like, "The do-gooder." (The guy who enters the elevator; releases a silent but deadly fart, then in a stern manner says, "Who did that!") Mr. President, you and past presidents created these problems. And you now have the gall to act like you are the salvation? What sheer hypocrisy!

Netanyahu can't believe a word Obama tells him. Obama will be there to help Pakistan not Isreal. This is why he is making the trip. This is a guess but I'll wait and see. When it happens,I told you so.

Another charm offensive?  Or more pandering to his Muslim roots?

Does anyone in that part of the world care about what Obama has to say...lol

Anyone in our Congress who takes AIPAC money should be hanged as a traitor to America.  No exceptions.barry soetoro cares about as much for Israel as he does the U.S.!

I am sure President Obama is going to give more taxpayer money to these countries.

He is a day late and a dollar short

We are not the worlds police force.  Our president and congress should stop spending our money trying to solve the worlds problems and fix the Unitied States.

how about worrying about america? i know the actual tax paying individuals are 3rd on your list

good luck

If he wants to keep things from boiling, he should stop supporting the Syrian rebellion.

hows obama gonna stop it? by shooting a shot gun in the air 2 xs ,the same way biden  said he wanted women to protect themselves?

obummer is making this expensive and pointless trip to Middle East because he needs a break.  Mooshell and the girls are driving him crazy and this charm offensive is the closest thing to work he has done in years. It is wearing him out.

Do nothing and help Iran his buddy to get what he wants. but Congress is afraid of him so they will do nothing either.Wonder who he will apologize to this time .

Isn't it Obama who pushed for the "Arab Spring" and now he doesn't want any thing to do with it?

I thought he went there 3 yrs ago and solved their problems for them. Maybe he needs to return that Nobel Peace prize he was given. It certainly wasn't earned.

obama is only following dennis rodman's orders.

What's he going to do ?  BOW and/or APOLOGIZE ?

It takes 100 calories to raise water from freezing to boiling.  It takes 640 calories to raise boiling water to steam.  NoBAMA thinks we don't have a debt crisis.  NoBAMA thinks the mid east is heading for boiling.  He's wrong on both counts!  He allowed 4 brave Americans to die while he slept getting ready for a fund raiser and he has no clue what he is doing!  We have already reached the boiling point!  We have reached a point approaching steam!  NoBAMA is senile or simply has another agenda for America.  Our enemies are circling the wagons and the world is laughing at us from all points of the globe and NoBAMA is denying everything.  What a BOZO.

If Obomber wants to keep the middle east from boiling over, he should pour some of our troops out of the pot, turn done the heat, and let things simmer down a bit.He's going at it all back ashwards now, just fanning the flames of violence with his global war on terror crusades against muslims and the drones.

Why go where he is not wanted either.

Obama is a moron. Soon our enemies will launch nuclear bombs on us.

'Obama aim: Keep Mideast troubles from boiling over'; right! his goal is to give away as much of Israeli security to the islamo #$%$ ( you know! his buddies!) as he thinks he can get away with.Nice priorities a hole. Never mind about our country falling apart, need to appease the camel-jockeys...

You just threatened Iran with "every tool in your chest", and now want to calm stuff down?

There are only two things the United States needs to run out of OUR Country and both are big problems to our freedoms, #1) The idiot Muslim in the White House, Obama and #2) his friends the, Muslim Brother Hood! Nothing else matters at this point NOTHING ELSE. We must defend against these communist,AntiChrist,AntiAmericans and baby killers at all cost!!!!!!!

Maybe if he says "hope and change" enough times all of the Arabs and Israelis will just join hands around the campfire and sing "Kum Ba Ya"

President knows the difference between Neville Chamberlain and Winston Churchill's policies and will walk a fine line.

Nearly 100k dead in Syria, Iran close to having a Nuke, Islamist control Egypt, Americans dead in Libya, Israel clost to attacking iran... So if this isnt the boiling point just what is Obama ?

wonder what netanyahu was thinking in that picture?  hint: "what a bleeping idiot!"

AMAZING to see how many people can see through Obama's fake sincerity!  Touche!  look at all the negative comments on this message board!!!!!!!!!!  How did OBOZO even get elected in the first place?????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I'm TOTALLY ashamed of him!

Five years and we are still in a depression that is correct a depression

Barack Obama and Joe Biden are proof that two wrongs don't make a right.Yea right!!!!!!!!!  Like he is really working hard on it!

The news says&gt;&gt;&gt; Pres. Obama had no plans to visit the refugee camp while in Jordan BUT, he will be discussing with the government officials how the U.S. can INCREASE ASSISTANCE which means more $$$$$ leaving out the door!!!

"Obama aim: Keep Mideast troubles from boiling over"He doesnt like killing Muslims

Start by serving "We The People" first !

A two bit community organizer trying to keep peace in the Middle East.  What a joke

Working people frequently ask retired people what they do to make their days interesting. Well, for example, the other day I went downtown and into a shop. I was only there for about 5 minutes, and when I came out, there was a cop writing out a parking ticket. I said to him, 'Come on, man, how about giving a retired person a break'? He ignored me and continued writing the ticket. I called him a 'Nazi.' He glared at me and wrote another ticket for having worn tires. So I called him a 'doughnut eating Gestapo.' He finished the second ticket and put it on the windshield with the first. Then he wrote a third ticket. This went on for about 20 minutes. The more I abused him the more tickets he wrote. Personally, I didn't care. I came downtown on the bus, and the car that he was putting the tickets on had a bumper sticker that said, 'I Love Obama.' I try to have a little fun each day now that I'm retired. It's important to my health.

Everyone, contact Bob Woodward, hopefully we can get him on the trail of Obama's past. Where his idology came from and his past associations. Woodward has the creds to carry this off and leave a legacy for himself that would be studied in journalism schools for generations..

Does anyone here know what hasbara or AIPAC is or means?  Do any of you know anything about history, politics, or geopolitics?  If not, do some research.  Learn something.  Help yourselves.  Then post a comment or argument....

He,s a day late and a pair of cajones short.

Really?  P-BO...  You're kidding....right...!?  This will be yet another issue the mainstream media will keep over looking and give him yet another free pass on...Hope he goes their and cuts off these parasites.  Free America from the zionist cretins.  Tell bibi America is going to ban AIPAC as well.  No more bribing our Congress with American tax dollars.  Send those zionazi's to hell.  Where they belong.

radical muslems ? radical jews ? israel prime minister menachem begin to the knesset"We are the master race,we are divine gods an this planet, we are different from theinferior races ,as they are from insects ,in fact ,compared to our race other races arebeasts and animals ,cattle at best . Other races are considered a human excrementOur destiny is to rule over the inferior races, Our earthly kingdom will be ruled by our leaderwith on iron rod .The masses will lick our feet and serve us as slaves. " june 25 1982

ok lets be clear....ISRAEL, is only another PHOTO OP, for telo-prezz... his imput counts for very little....pure polycrat blah blah....

Obama lies,, his goal is to stir up the pot, add some habaneros, turn up the heat and add some illegals to the population.

BO has no clue what he is doing in foriegn policy and only cares about his plan to share the wealth. He may not be a socialist but he wants to change America to what he thinks it should be and not what it has always stood for.

don't forget your food tester king obama, what a joke he is.

To late the middle east has already boiled over, must have missed the memo while out golfing and Hillary just wont have any recollection of that.

obama aim: keep America unsafe by letting radical islam take over country after country until America is like the Alamo.

As lacking in leadership here in America, Obama seeks to try to influence the Middle East? Fitting they should already declare the trip expects no results. No disappointment there. Too many people here confuse smooth salesmanship with leadership.

Anyone with common sense and half-a-brain can see that Obozo is a fake, a liar, and a socialist, NOTHING LESS!  He wants NOT to really work, but LOVES the fanfare of being a "star", akin to Hollywood---wine and dine, golf with Tiger, rub elbows with the rich and famous and take luxurious vactions, then totally blow off our economy, energy plans, political country "friends"=Isreal and England, increase debt (wealth redistribution), etc.WHO voted for this jughead and facade of a president?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Hope it wasn't you. especially after the economy goes over the debt abyss!  You're on your own then!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Jews do not listen to obumma he will sink your country take care of yourselves and exterminate your a enemies. Though only peoples that mean you harm and want to end your people.

With failed policies that destabilize the region? ....Good plan O'Dumbo!

Do us all a favor and stay there !

This Campaigner in chief has no clue what to do with the middle east!

Obama is just trying to get the news off his debt and debit problems here.  As the article said “he won’t be seeking any grand resolution, he would have to have some idea for an outcome and he hasn’t a clue.  He would have been better off going to the Pope and let someone else play the dunce he is wearing the job out.

Netanyahus appears to me as a mean and untrustworthy person.

Obama could not keep a pot of soup from boiling over...!

READ MY PROFILE to understand why we are in such sorry shape.

Barry will do a good job because he is one of them

"This is not about accomplishing anything now." Barry goes to the Middle East with the same sense of urgency he travels to plays golf. It's a disgrace.I'm sure he will do a fine job, they all respect him so much over there.

Q: What is the difference between Obama and Osama?A: Just a little bs

Even with the media supporting this fraud his ratings are still sinking.

Is Benghazi in the Mideast or the Big Ten?

why dont he just get us out of that part of the world, let Israel worry about Iran, And you try and fix America. Then, and only then, can you worry about the rest of the world. Truth is he dont know how to fix America, so he does these things (like this trip) to take the American public attention off his demostic policy that are not working. To this date I wonder how he got relected, nothing he does works well for the American public.

Let him goHe is not wanted or needed here

Obozo couldn't solve a one word crossword puzzle and now he's going to solve the Middle East? ROFL

"Obama aim: Keep Mideast troubles from boiling over"?But our gothic Senator Feinstein only permits him seven bullets, and the 'Barney Fife' rule, means he can only shoot himself in the foot twice per episode.  No wonder our government has been buying up ammo.  Because it is Obama's intent to sell weaponry to those in the cauldron.Weve seen THAT before

well now, they said Bush was an idiot for talking about weapons of mass destruction in the same region,and here this NEW AND SMARTER administration doing also ,wow, how politics never change.let them kill,starve ,or just implode, take care of your country (if you where born on the big island) and maybe things will work out for US.

A 2nd round of the arab terrorist spring!!!"Keep Mideast troubles from boiling over?", it has boiled over you idiot, just turn the tap off if you've got the BAALLSS.

Obama's REAL goal= Keep screwing the American people and wasting taxpayer money,,and keep lying all the time...BUCK OFAMA!!!

No one in Isreal thinks that he is credable and they will do what they want inspite of our King Obama

All NO-Bama has is just RHETORIC.  He has no victories to speak of as President Of The United States and somehow he thinks he can win over the issue in the Middle East ?  He is just a fool and everyone knows it.

Obama Aim: Keep Brotherhood happy.

Maybe they will pay attention if he shows them that he can walk on water.Or, Gosh! Associated Press. Maybe he should just walk across the ocean.

this isn"t the community we want him to organize. This is for someone that wears big boy pants!

Yes, Obama will give a speech. That should do it.

I believe Bibi knows a liar when he sees one.

obama's plan for the mid-east....Here take this money and just sit around making speeches until the problem solves it'self.....that's how I do things in America.....Obama aim: Keep Mideast troubles from boiling over.....................That ship has already sailed without Obummer and his failed policies!

They all have their hands out because there is a big spender coming to the hood.

Pres Obama, The best thing for you to do, is come home and let them fight it out, they are going to anyway, they might as well get it over with.

Obama, you might think you are God,  but you are not.

'to keep them from boiling over on his watch' Sounds like forget about after he is out of office, only WHILE he is in office matters. Sounds very Presidential, care more about the way history will see your office and care less about the future of the American People.

Netanyahu's look says it all.... "I can't believe those dumb #$%$ in the U. S. re-elected this joke"

Anything that will disturb Obama from instituting Socialism in the U.S. will be opposed......

This country is in a mess right now....a horrible economy, unemployment, gas prices sky rocketing, the sequestration, massive debt and deficit with NO budget for over 4 years, prices rising.....and Obama goes takes vacation after vacation feeling perfectly justified without remorse. His arrogance is nauseating.

The easy,  cheap  way to have peace in the mid east, Arrest and try all war criminals,  American, Israeli and palestine  war criminals.  After a few trails policy should be a product of international law nt what people think they can get away with.

In God We Trust, in Obama we don't.......Energize a real recovery, with jobsKeep the debt and deficit under controlDon't raise taxes on the middle classandKeep the Middle East from boiling over.No checkNo checkNo checkNo check

All Obozo has to do is bend over and apologize, I mean, bow and apologize to all heads of state and that should fix all the issues.

Where have all of the warmongers come from? These couldn't be American citizens, that is unless they work within the defense industry. None of the people we talk to supports Obama following orders from Netanyahu, or even trying to solve middle east problems, It's not our fight.

Now he's on the world stage far all to see how inept he really is, this trip is going to be a disaster.

The White House said Obama had no plans to visit a refugee camp while in Jordan, though he will be discussing with government officials how the U.S. can increase its assistance

He's going to Israel to talk to the people. He doesn't think they understand. You know, like the American people don't understand whats best for them?!

The Obama has no desire to do anything to upset his muslim brothers so this trip is to get out of the country and avoid the real job of leading our country...

#$%$ the mid east, OUR country is circling the drain.NO budget for over 5 years,record unemployment,foreclosures and your effing tantrums and lack of leadership are disgusting.

If Israel is wanting to start WWIII Then why are we threatening Iran.Syria,North Korea with more sanctions and having military drill in South Korea? Dont you think that is a road to war also? Obama went to the Middle East two yrs ago apoligizing for the United States stand on the Middle East.Wonder if we will have another Bengazi or maybe like 2 yrs ago several countries will erupt again just like Egypt has.How come he didnt go to Israel in his first time? WWIII Started back in 1981 if not before even.Do some research.

Obama has a gift of breaking things. The clumsiest elected ever. Destroyed US economy. Destroyed the allies US had in Europe. Same in the north Africa and Middle East. Same now will be in Israel. He is a complete loser that thinks of himself. Inspector Clousseau!Of course he won't seek a solution for their problems...he has enough problems of his own at home that he can't fix, so why try to fix theirs?

Hey HNIC,,,,you may want to consider some of that right here at home,,,,,MORON

Oh Come On!!  Why is he going to Israel?  Haven't the Jews suffered enough?

everything he says is a lie. he would sell out his mother if she was alive

This just proves it. He is a non working president. However, we will organize a vacation for him and his free loaders.

He does not want the mid east to boil over ? All the while he's over here sabotaging our country over a 3% sequester &amp; releasing illegals by the thousands , closing white house tours &amp; dividing this country which has boiled over &amp; no water left in the pot ! This fraud is incompetent of running this country &amp; continues to waste money by parading around the country with lie's !  Why is he not impeached ? A president has got to do a budget &amp; none yet , he has fake documents of his citizen ship , he bypassed congress numerous times , he left 4 Americans to die because he was dining Hollywood nut jobs , He sued states whom followed the law against illegals , He personally got involved with a justified murder in Florida to have a man arrested , he had a California man arrested &amp; imprisoned over a video that was not the cause of Benghazi , Fast &amp; the furious ring a bell &amp; yes he says it's ok to kill Americans ! IMPEACH THIS TREASON TRAITOR !

If he wants to do that he should resign. The U.S. has become the laughing stock of the rest ofthe world.

America will survive only with Impeachment of the stupidest President ever!

Somehow, I don't believe Obama's strategy of turning the Middle East over to the Muslim Brotherhood is going to accomplish that.

Obama aim: Keep Mideast troubles from boiling over (until after 2016)HUSSEIN OBAMA can not do it here in the U.S.A. so what ever gave him the idea he could do anything over there????

it means supporing Pissrael more than before and supporting Wahhabi Saudis ( Al Qaeda and Taliban ) more than before, Sending more weapons to Al Qaeda Rebels in Syria, more sanctions and threats against the only stable country in the region ( Iran ), more drone attack to Pakis Stupid people ..............

Doesn't Michelle want to go with him?

Obama just sent F-16 Fighter jets and tanks to the Muslim brotherhood, in Egypt.He topped it off with $250 million and a promise of $1.2 billion.What's next? A 7 year peace agreement?

Obama aims to roil it up and get Israel attacked. Hussein Obama is an evil, vile lying muslim.

America first!

These Zionist warmongers are going to be the death of us all.  When Zio Brzezinski says we could plunge the region into a lake of fire, we are in ALOT OF TROUBLE

JEWS OWN OUR MEDIA, and push our politicians to support little Israel.  They don't care a bit that we are turning the entire world against us.  They don't care how much we spend fighting Israel's battles.  They have made SLAVES of our politicians, with fear of negative press which can sway elections.

&lt;--This ( o ) thinks this ( o ) is a bagel

So they are both looking forward to the awkward moment of meeting again.Could we revoke his pasport while he is gone? Then they could keep him. But what country could afford all his vacations ?

Obama is always in over his head. I've felt way less safe with him pretending to be in charge.

So here we go again. Kick the can down the road till it becomes someone elses problem. Can't he take responsibility for once and solve something? Anything?

the jack off keeps giving taxpayer money to his muslim brothers are you kidding me

wow, obummer hasn't been to israel and we've watched the entire region disintegrate due to his ineptitude. now he says this trip is not meant to accomplish anything and his agenda proves that.what good is that nobel peace prize? kind of like putting lipstick on a pig.

Keep it from boiling over?  Obama's version of boiling must be a lot different than reality.

Obama is sending Billions of our Tax Dollars to the Middle East.  An area of the World that Hates the USA.  The Government sjhould be keeping the money in the USA to help the American Tax Payers.  The People that actually suffered for that money.

Obama will visit "...Mount Herzl, where he'll lay wreaths at the graves of Theodor Herzl, the founder of modern political Zionism, and Yitzhak Rabin, the prime minister who was assassinated in 1995 by a Jewish extremist..."Will Obama also lay wreaths at the graves of the terrorist murderers of Lord Moyne and Folke Bernadotte?  They were buried on Mount Herzl in 1975.

HAHAHHAHAHAHAHA !!!! Is this Comedy Show !!!!!

I hate all politicians, Jews and Muslims.  Just a Christian boy who wants to be left alone.  Is that to much to ask?Seriously - Would anyone consider anything that Obama says or does?

How big is dat bus you're throwing Israel under.Its no secret Obama's a muslim brotherhood member.

#$%$. He is about to have more troubles than he wants over here....Screw the mid-east

I do not trust Obama to do anything positive for our country or others! But, I do trust him to do the wrong thing every-time all the time !

Obamas primary objective is to run this Great Country down the drain, does he really have any other agenda?

How is Obama going to solve the problems in the middle east, when he can't solve the problems here in the U.S. ??

Boiling over???? Who does he think he's fooling? We had a United States Ambasador along with three other Americans serving our counntry MURDERED on B.O.'s watch in Libya! And all he can do is talk about gay marriage! The pot boiled over long ago. If you can't stand the heat get out ot the KITCHEN. Hey B.O. do a Richard Nixon and RESIGN!

At least NO one including the Obummer addoring liberal media expects him to solve any thing on this visit and rightly so!!!  The best thing he can do is tell the Israeli war lord he is on his own if he wants another middle east war!! The USA has spent trillions of dollars, lost thousands of lives not to mention  thousands of middle east residents from all countries and has been engaged in an undeclared war with muslims radicals ever since Truman OK the partation of Palestine and the creation of Israel !!!ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!!!  I truely beleive we have LONG passed the point of no return in establishing a balanced middle east policy simply because of the power of the Israeli lobby in our government  but we can back off and let the jews fight their own wars with out support from the US or the replenishment of their military arms!!!After 75 years if they can't stand ontheir own maybe the whole experiment is a failure!!!

Hello darkness, my old friend....I've come to talk with you againBecause a vision softly creepingLeft its seeds while I was sleepingAnd the vision that was planted in my brainStill remainsWithin the sound of silenceIn restless dreams I walked aloneNarrow streets of cobblestone'Neath the halo of a street lampI turned my collar to the cold and dampWhen my eyes were stabbed by the flash of a neon lightThat split the nightAnd touched the sound of silenceAnd in the naked light I sawTen thousand people maybe morePeople talking without speakingPeople hearing without listeningPeople writing songs that voices never sharedNo one daredDisturb the sound of silence"Fools," said I, "you do not knowSilence like a cancer growsHear my words that I might teach youTake my arms that I might reach you"But my words like silent raindrops fellAnd echoed in the wells of silenceAnd the people bowed and prayedTo the FAKE SUN GOD  they madeAnd the sign flashed out its warningIn the words that it was formingAnd the sign said "The words of the prophets are written on the subway wallsAnd tenement hallsAnd whispered in the sound of silence"

You've got to hand it to Onutjob, He's good at LYING at home &amp; overseas!This is why the Keystone pipeline for Canadian oil and not obstructing our oil &amp; gas drilling in the US that has made us the world's largest natgas producer since 2009 and will make us larger oil producer than the Saudi's by 2017 - 2020 is important. Troubles in Africa boiling over is not a concern, w/ energy independence Middle East troubles won't either.

By reading the majority of these posts, it seems like Obama isn't very well liked, so how did he get re-elected then?

The Democrats screamed about Water Boarding, but now drone strikes on Americans on American soil, crickets...........

The drones in US airspace issue WILL boil over !

Mr Aloof avoids trying to do his job here at home again.

And AGAIN---Obama puts his Green Policies above the American Economy and livelihood. He never became president to make us greater or more prosperous, he only wanted to change our laws, and constitution. He wants to destory our way of life to his communist views. He wanted European gas prices, and he will get it.Obama Will Use Nixon-Era Law to Fight Climate Change--President Barack Obama is preparing to tell all federal agencies for the first time that they should consider the impact on global warming before approving major projects, from pipelines to highways. The result could be significant delays for natural gas- export facilities, ports for coal sales to Asia, and even new forest roads, industry lobbyists warn.

Obama is a #$%$,they wont listen to him and really dont give a dam what he has to say .they will do what is right for there own country.   if they wait on obama .they will no longer be.

That's' the Obama tactic over the broad range of domestic and foreign burning fuses...  Watch the fuse burn until an unavoidable and imminent explosion can be handed off to Hillary/Bill in 2017.  "Didn't happen on my watch."

Well now that we are giving weapons to Egypt who are under the control of the Muslim Brotherhood, that we removed Gadaffi and instilled radicals there too why should Netanyahu trust him in the least. He isn't trustworthy to his own country why should they believe him?

We'll be lucky if we aren't at war with someone else in the region by the time he returns...he couldn't keep a pot from boiling over what does he think he'll do here...show everyone the Nobel Peace Prize, sing kumbya...what?

Late again, as usual.

He better start worrying about US problems boiling over !!! people are getting tired of his lies ..and stupid things he is doing ,,,better stay in Washington and do his job ...Get off Air Force one and TV !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

"Dude has a dark cloud over him, around him, in front of him, underneath him, to his right hand, and to his left. Dude does have a dark cloud issue." The cloud is not just in relationship to Israel. . .the dark cloud covers his relationship with America, too.

I hope he gets a shoe or two thrown at his lying, sorry a(s0s...

Then get our TROOPS out of there D-HEAD

OBAMA IS A FRAUD

Is that another goal like reducing the deficit, debt, gun violence, illegal border crossings, gun running to drug lords, etc..........................................................?

He's had four years to get it right. No confidence in him. He's not qualified to lead America.

There is no solution to the vexing Middle East problem, never had been never will be.Bribery to be good???what a bunch of morons supporting this kind of insane policy!

SO~He tells them~I'll 'ignore BENGAZI~GIVE PLANES TO EGYPT~SEND AID TO SYRIA~ &amp; TELL 'ISRAEL' TO 'BACK OFF'!!!

Obama is scared to death. Did you know he has a food tester to make sure he's not poisoned? Who is this clown? King Barry?

I hope they take their best shot

and next week, gas prices jump to over $4 a gallon.

Obama can never aim low enough to underwhelm himself.

Obama sends billions of OUR tax money to his Muslim Brotherhood buddies and gives them weapons while treating Israel - Muslim's enemy - like dirt, even though Israel is America's FRIEND and ALLY. Remember, he said in his book that if the political winds shift in an ugly direction, he will take his stand with the MUSLIMS! And they hate America, calling us the Great Satan and Israel the Little Satan.

Obama don't know how to wipe his own butt so stop sticking his note where it doesn't belongs.....focus on the problem at hand first...budget.....  stop giving our money away to foreign countries too.  They all hate us and use our money to fund terrorist.

israel has been prepared to sit down without preconditions which obama has failed to prod the pa to sit down without preconsitions and failed to remind the pa that the 1967 borders are not fixed and are to be negotiated with adjustments.

The only way that idea will work is to poke a hole in the bottom of the pot. That way it wont boil over, it will drain out and burn the pot..simple....Obama you can't keep South Chicago from boiling over.We lost Hydia, and a 6 month old baby in a months time....stay here fool.

Obama needs to concentrate on keeping his own country from, "boiling over' with his own people frustrated about his policy making. He needs to be working on getting gas and food prices down and getting the homeless off of the streets by creating more "real" jobs. Not the so called "green jobs," which are only from dream land... More oil drilling, a flat tax, and much much smaller government and for Obama to quit going on these multi-million tax dollar vacations. That would be a good start on what he needs to do instead of coming to Hollywood all the time stealing from the rich and caring less about the poor... Gosh I hate when I tell the truth. Lol.

As long as it wasn't a promiss to the voters of this country he might get it done, he isn't keeping his promisses to us very well

There are more countries involved in these issues than just the U.S. and Israel.

If that is Obama's aim, then he needs to cut US money to Israel and stay out of their business. Let the jews and Palestinians go to war without American money being pumped into it.

After Israel is destroyed Obama will still have confidence of a diplomatic solution. The man is just so out of it.

Well "community organizer in chief" . . .what are you going to do?  Will you be able to destroy your international opposition like you have all the others who opposed you in your despicable "puglic servant(?) " career?  Are you going to unseal sealed documents?  Are you going to fund a nonstop smear campaign of fabrications?  Are you going to turn the low lifes against the producers and contributors, the losers against the achievers?

Obama needs to focus and find jobs for Americans.  Screw those Muslims and their problems.  Obama is a muslim and shouldnt be President.  Mr. take a friggin vacation every chance he gets makes me sick.  AND his wide wife isn't any better.  She just wants to be in the spotlight as a celebrity.  Both are an embarrassment.

Avoid Middle East troubles?  Give $1.5 billion to the Muslim Brotherhood (ststed goal destruction of Israel)?  Turning back on Israel's leaders?  No response to embassy deaths in Libya?  No real effort to stop Iran nuke?  Syria &amp; Mali becoming terrorist strongholds?  Walking out on Iraq &amp; Afganistan?  Yeh Right!!!!

And now, back in reality land... Thanks to King Obama, that little democratic upheavel he sat back and applauded turned into the Arab Spring which ushered in the Muslim Brotherhood to power. King Obama's rude treatment of Israel's prime minister, on several occasions, has harmed our friendship with our strongest allie in the region and the only reason why he's going is because he lost massive Jewish supporters to the DNC. To say he's not going to do anything but observe, and evaluate is a white-wash joke.  It's a Mid-East photo op to say, "Hey, I was there..." nothing more.So, Obozo is trying to keep things from boiling over?Is this why he insists on pumping arms &amp; $$$$ intothe middle east?Libbies might believe this nonsense, but the rest ofAmerica does not!

If he doesn't aid Israel, then it's over for the U.S.

He's done such a good job of keeping U.S. troubles from boiling over, so what could go wrong?

america,s aim keep obama from anything democratic.

Woulda been easier for him to eat pork on tv. All smoke and mirrors.

Humn The United States also said North Koren were years away from a bomb now look we have our defense missiles ready  on the east coast a report said. I would tend to believe Israel is right that they do or very close to having a bomb.

The problem with Mr Obama is that he don't understand the Middle East problems and other problems of the world. He still a Chicago social activist that have been made US presidentbecause the lack of leadership here in the US..

That's funny! A Muslim bowing down to a Hebrew. I'm just shaking my head, (the small one).

In the same way he kept Benghazi from boiling over....

Netanyahu shouldn't even allow this lyin coward dictator to step on Israeli soil!simple enough to obama and his acolytes, he simply goes to Iran and says that is not proper behavior in the international community, and him being obama, they will listen and start immeditely to rectify the situation, just like N Korea and every other spot for tension

Can't you just picture Moooochelle  kissing him and saying,  Good luck on your trip, I know you will accomplish something!

Funny, he's the reason the middle east has boiled over. People may finally start to understand their big mistake in voting this malcontent back into office.

Meanwhile N Korea is preparing to launch nukes at S Korea and the US.  And what is worse is that we just keep giving them all stern warning and more sanctions, which have all just worked out fantastic so far.

WE CAUSED ARAB SPRING, we installed the dictators the Arab world is "shrugging off".  Mubarek made 50 BILLION DOLLARS,  50,000,000,000.  Basically paid to him to keep the peace with Israel.  We supported a dictator for Israel.

Congrats to Teddy Kennedy for 1,300 straight days of sobriety!

How about this for a palestian anthemwe are from other arab countries and have no nameso we went looking for land and someone to blameAll our arabs brothers just threw us outBut give us money for weapons to kill and shoutLets kill the jews and take their landthe oil hungry nations will just understandA lot of countries don't really careon 9/11 when we danced in the airSo lets overthrow Israel and tell you it's minethis fictional place called palestine.

He snubbed Netanyahu when the man came over here for the U.N. He angered Egypt with how he handled the Arab Spring movement that people put their lives on the line for and died.  He has no integrity.  He has no credibility.  I think this will not go well, and then he'll squeeze in another vacation.

"Obama aim: Keep Mideast troubles from boiling over"Maybe he should have thought about that before he pushed for the Arab Spring that has set the Middle East on fire in his 2009 apology tour Egypt speach.

This President is a joke to the world; he's the only one who does not realize.Dont you think you should do something to save our Country instead of butting your nose into the Middle East issues ! Wish you cared about us as much as you do them !!! Oh well what should I expect from a LIAR !!!

Does this socialist celebrity know how muck this country hates him!!!

Will he once again say that "America has always been a muslim nation" and deny it in the debates?

I'm going to party like Hell with Obama out of the country.

The State Department and The Department of Foreign Affairs are run by Israeli first, duel citizen jews. These people are Israeli spies and care nothing about America.  Except to milk us like a cow.  This has been going on for many years.  Don't believe me?  Look it up.

"This is not about accomplishing anything now"That about says it all.

Obama couldn't even keep pasta from boiling over, let alone the Middle East.

the white house a symbol of our freedom. Has been closed by this administration you know the transparent one ha! ha !

maybe he can take their guns and start welfare.

If the US did not support Israel, we would have no enemies in the Middle East.Israel's relentless persecution of Christians and Muslims in the "occupied territories"  relies on US charity, which in turn engenders the animosity of those injured by Israel and those sympathetic to the Christian and Muslim suffering.ohbama; what a joke!

why is hussein waisting our taxdollars on this? moooslimes have been killing each other for centuries! it's all they know! and it will never change until every last one of them is DEAD!

how can he keep from upsetting the middle east he has done that in USA

I hear Israel telling us they are surrounded by people that want them gone.  What these peope do not tell us is before Zionist came to palestine after WW2 is Jews, Christians and muslims lived in peace.  They do not tell us that the longest Jews ever lived in peace in Palestine was under Islam under the ottaman empire.  It was Islam that allowedd Jews to build a temple in Palestine.  I also hear Israel tell us Hamas wants to wipe Israel out,  What they dont say is hamas charter Article Six says in part " under the shadow of Islam could the members of all regions coexist in safety and security for their lives, properties and rights"My point is it is Israel breaking international law with it's illegal settlements. That peace can be had but it requires Israel to Obey international law.A quick cure.  Try all war criminals, Palestine, American and Israeli.  Give them all a fair trail them make policy from international law.  We can have peace.  We just need to make international policy from international law.

America once had Johnny Cash, Steve Jobs and Bob Hope. Now we have Barack Obama, no cash, no jobs and NO HOPE.

Because Mooochelle wants another vacation over there.

How much in 2013 to Israel?

As a good Christian boy I can't stand the Muslims or the Jews.  Hate the Jews more however.  They buy our Congress and milk America like a cow.  While we fight their wars against the Muslims.......and good Americans and others die.  Don't pizz down my back and tell me its raining Israel and the American Jewish lobbies.  I know your game and I know your con.  Fool others....you will never fool me.

Comment after comment and I see VERY little support for Obama and his policies.

no one listens to clown ,no one takes him serouis.he is a disgrace to this countryObama couldn't fight his way out of a soaked wet paper bag, "But" you can bet he'll do whats in his best interest and that doesn't include Israels!

Seems like O'Bamies only goal so far has been to run interference for Iran, and destabilize Israels tenuous hold onto their little bit of land by placing waring factions all around them and delivering billions in cash and state of the art weaponry to Israels adversaries. What was once barley a tenable situation for the Jewish State is quickly devolving into a quagmire of uncertainty that is going too lead to devastating war, and n Israel that is being isolated more each day. O'Bama is basically a lier and fraud and not much else!

Obama may Not show up if the View or Oprah sets him up for an apperance!

It is very hard to believe a liar!

You can tell these republicans  are in thier parents basements by the way they post on here they are at least 10 year old intelligence get a job!!!!

In other words its a leisure trip.

To keep it from Boiling over?    No grand solution?    Where have I heard words like this before?I remember! "We are in South Viet Nam to keep the North Vietnamese from winning". Remember how well that worked out? Did any of these people Pass their History exams.

Get ready for another I didn't know, or I voted present after we took the polls.

OH PLEASE, NORTH KOREA??? Are you kidding me??  That starving, broke little nation with 2 or 3 WWII era nuclear weapons and 30 year old missile tech is a THREAT??

GREEN BEER just doesn't look right, but I'll close my eyes and drink it for Ireland.what??? another leftist media crock of bullschit...obama has DONE nothing, can DO nothing and his presence or absence doesn't matter...this socialist incompetent just wants to sneak out of office with his lifetime pension like every unmotivated black slacker, with no issues that require any effort or thought, just like his first term...

Love the photo,Netanyahu is thinking,what a poor excuse for a president.

The problem is Netanyahu KNOWS the LIAR owebuma soetoro is a FRAUD. America does NOT forget the first meeting when owebuma left Netanyahu standing at the back door waiting for hours and flippantly met with him because the Israelis and Brits exposed the LIAR owebuma for what he is, A LIAR. Somehow the leftnut libturd media pukes began attacking Israel and Congress ignored the LIES of owebuma, allowing his socialist takeover of America. We can only pray owebuma takes the Nixon walk of shame with NO BENEFITS, giving glory to those that suffered the last four years under the FRAUD, making our history books show owebuma as the biggest mistake in American history. One can only hope Netanyahu leaves owebuma sitting and waiting for hours.

He is enjoying a good visit with his dear friends....

Keep troubles from boiling over? He caused most of the problems with his support of the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt

What he means is, Keeping USA's terrorism of the region manageable and profitable.....

When did it become our Presidents or for that matter our countries responsibility to "keep things from boiling over" in another country? We have our own problems. They have been killing one another since the beginning of time and thy will be at the end of time.

Believe me. When the s~~~ comes down Lil Poopie will be hiding under his desk in the oval office.

How in the hell can he fix anything, he's not respected in his own country so why does anyone think he will be respected in Israel or anywhere else in the free world for that matter. He has a lot of problems at home, fix them before trying to fix anyone elses, note I said trying....he can't and won't. Maybe he took the peace prize literally....he no more deserved that than the average citizen of any country.

shame he has no ballsI will personally pay for his transportation if he goes by Greyhound.

Well the only thing he do over thier is #$%$ it up as bad as his done hear" [normal]

FUNNY ,THATS HOW OUR MIDEAST IS TO.

Obama arrives in Jerusalem on Wednesday for his first trip to Israel as president.Is there any Golf courses in Israel or does he have to travel to Gaza for that ?

Stop acting like we can fix everything with guns and printed money. I would rather walk to work than fight one more innocent person for their oil.Please stop this nonsense!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Let China or Russia play policeman, while we fix problems at home, or let the middle east rot.

Muslims murder 6 Americans in a cowardly attack in Beengazi and Obama apologizes to the musilms. IMPEACH OBAMA NOW!!

Is this guy about gone yet? Wish he would help America since he is after all the American president right? Seems he is more bent on destroying America than helping us. Worst ever.

Appears the Mockingbirds are at it again.

so far his AIM has been way off on everythingFantastic- After they're out of the country, revoke their passports and citizenship and let these two bozos wonder around the world on a circus tour.

Obama need to be contained-sew his lying lips shut.

This article is another example of the Leftist ,Government Controlled ,State Run ,Liberal Lamestream Media trying their best to either cover up or make excuses for Comrade Obama`s dismal and failed Foreign Policy , Giving the Grandfather of all Terrorist Organzations the PLO Billions of dollars does not help ,Arming and funding with billions of tax payer dollars the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt does not help , Destabelizing Libya and funding terrorists there does not help , Getting involved in Mali certainly does not help , Stirring the pot in Syria and helping and funding our enemy`s does not help , Repeadedly stabbing Israel our one and only ally in the region really helps that situation also ,Etc. Etc. Etc. Giving the same People that burn our flag and scream Death To America billions of our tax payer dollars really helps People in this country also

Maybe (with a little luck) he will go to BENGHAZI while near the areaFingers Crossed.

Can you imagine all peaceful muslim countries living side by side with their neighbors in peace and even with them selves. For the good of mankind. Neither can they

Mr. President, you want peace in the middle east. Just take the nuclear weapons away from israhell and pass a law saying it is illegal for israhell to have a nuclear program. You'll see peace coming real fast then.

I am being serious here. Go back and look at the picture this article starts with.  President Obama speaking and Prime Minister Netanyahu looking straight at Obama's mouth wandering what could fit in there.........

Yahoo, more pearly white teeth photos. Oh well

Obama is the reason why the middle east is in shambles.Just like he has America divided he's on course to divided the world...

If Israel goes ahead with a pre-emptive, then We The U.S.of A should just sit back and watch, just like in the street if you are man enough to throw a punch then man up to the fight..IN 2011, 1/5 OF OUR CONGRESS RECEIVED A FREE TRIP TO ISRAEL, paid by Israel.  Normally, that is bribery by a foreign nation, TREASONOUS.  But our wonderful leaders voted Israel EXEMPT.  Why?????

IMPEACH  the fool..........Has not a clue  as to whats going on.More worried about  Middle East Than he is USA.To the unemployment line for you Obama........See how it feels

AGAIN,,, his real name is OBOZO!  Oops!  I better watch what I say, being the internet gestapo and/or the "Federales" (not "politically correct" here=oops!) might be "watching"!  But WAIT,.......we don't have to worry about that, yet to mention have drones spy on us either!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Yea right!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

No progress is possible until the Billions of dollars to Israel stop  flowing out of the US Treasury.

Obama's visit to Cairo, four years ago, had the same effect!!

Obama looks like a trained Baboon sitting next to Netanyahu doesn't he ? I wonder if he was slapped before this photo shot ?

Oblamo is the worst piece of dung ever elected to office.

useless windbag, lying POS, do nothing empty suit... barrak oboymomoney has trouble speaking the truth... so lying will defuse the mid-east???

YOU ARE CORRECT SIR MR: PRESIDENT we the people not all are acting like realy we like to take it up the HERSHEY HWY AS THE JEWNITED STATES OF AMERICONNNNNNSS!!!!!!!!

Obama aim: Keep Mideast troubles simmering vigorouslyPutting Benghazi Barry in charge of anything is like putting a CAT in charge of brain surgery in the hospital operating room!! What a BUFFOON!!

Obama you are instigating the conflicts..by giving any amount of aid during the times we are going through you should be ashamed.

Obama thinks he is Tutankhamun.

blessed be the peace makers , why do we support the  subjugation and murderof people who never harmed us and in the name of our god  yet ?

3 years 7 months of "Schitt for Brains" to go,,,,,, ENJOY !!!

The best law the muslims ever made is the ban on alcohol.... not a whole lot of stoned drunks walking around in muslim countries

You and your Al Queda allies are behind all of the Mideast troubles, Odumba.

Obama should visit Gaza

Hope the hebes don't pull a Benigno Aquino moment on Obama... BE CAREFUL, OBAMA

No, his ALLIANCE is with his Muslim Brotherhood! IF you believe this guy cares ANYTHING about ANYONE, especially Israel, or the U.S. for that matter, then you REALLY NEED to get OFF the KOOL-AID and LOOK AROUND!by giving tanks and airplanes to the brother hood, lol, just like the doves and appeasers during the cold war.  Thank god we had a Reagan then and showed them.

Iran has been 1 year from developing a nuclear weapon for the last 5 years.

Again--He and his democrat minions have Lied Big time to Americans. All so he can collect MORE money from them.Obamacare to Add $6.2 Trillion to National Deficit; Obama Claimed It Wouldn't Add a DimeThe Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, passed three years ago with President Obama saying it would not add one dime to the federal deficit, is now projected to add $6.2 trillion to the deficit and inflict severe cuts to Medicare and Medicaid payments to hospitals and physicians.

owebama: "I have a hard time hiding my disdain for the Jews."

Everything that comes out of this Marxist President's mouth is a lie---now do you really think anybody will believe him.   What a "ditz !"

So Obama is going to see that the middle east doesn't boil over when he can't even balance a check book?  What a joke.

Would be better to send Biden to snicker and laugh thru any meetings with these countries...

It's every conservatives job to discuss and debate the direction of this country with libs and encourage them to learn the truth about free markets and freedom or we will become a smaller group. We must open our arms to all who seek freedom!

I'm sure Obama has some tough talk for the Middle East.....as long as he doesn't have to do anything.

the arab spring - brought to you compliments of barrack obama and hillary clinton!Yes, Obama you are as dumb as you look in that photo.

America is tired of taking it up the rear from Israeli, AIPAC, and all the paid hasbara hacks on this site.  America is clueing in.  Thankfully.

Obo's brotherhood connections should appease a boil over on their side, but what about Israel? I'm on there side and believe Obo is NOT.  Once a Muslim always a Muslim. Obo is a clown and should be IMPEACHED... along w/Jay Carney....

This is what I call a down payment trip."  Sounds like everthing obozo does; can't finish anything, let someone else figure out how to pay.

PEOPLE...PLEAZ......It is OBOZO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The only thing Obama knows anything about is how to lie well.

Obama is presently spending his day in, or on, the "Oval Office", otherwise known as the "Porcelean Throne" writing a new version of Lincoln's "Shittysburg address" using the White House stationary (known as crapper paper), no pun intended! "Four farts, a squirt and many years ago....."!

To think I used to like this guy...........Not so much now.

Actually this is one medium that Obama's experience as a community organizer will help....He's proficient in dealing with smelly uneducated people living off the govt seeking violence as their only means. Good luck Mr. Prez.

0bama poured fuel on the fire by declaring "Mubarak should step down".Israel has the right to self preservation and has drawn the "red line".  If Obama thinks he can stop this bar fight he is out of his mind.

Wouldn't it be nice to know what this clueless clown thinks he can do to keep things from boiling over.  Only arrow in his quiver is borrowed money.  I think oblamer is making this expensive and pointless trip to Middle East because he needs a break. Mooshell and the girls are driving him crazy and this charm offensive is the closest thing to work he has done in years. He is worn out.

hope his muslim brothers capture him.

Obama's aim is Muslim take over.

HE'S the reason the MidEast boiled over.

Will their justice dept. arrest him for his crimes ?Ours doesn't have the guts

Wonder if he's going to take his tele-prompter with him. What a joke this guy is. None of the rest of the world takes this guy serious. He's an embarrassment.

WE ARE NOT FREE.  We are controlled by Israel.

Better for us when he leaves the U.S.

this is a triumph of his failureHe is aiding and abetting the Brother Muslimhood folks...it's been printed in the damn paper - between golf games he delves in tidbits of nations who are all aiming to kick our #$%$

Now he gets serious...five years in

Israel is the stone in the shoe.  It keeps the mideast limping while the world runs the race.  So to cut debt, should we cut out tax funded aid to Israel?  Why not?

Israel represents an enormous foreign policy liability for the US.  Israeli persecution of Christians and Muslims using US charity has created a backlash from 1 billion people.  Yet, despite US calls for and end to the ethnic cleansing of "settlements" and other calls for ending Israeli abuse, Israel continues and the US suffers the consequences.  For both moral and political reasons, the US cannot continue to support Israel.

ISRAEL CREATED BIN LADEN.  2 of the 3 points of Bin Laden's fatwa against the U.S. was regarding ISRAEL.

he wont be considering any solutions , he will be running out the clock until his muslim brothers can build a nuclear bomb ---if you dont like e saying muslim brothers dont complain to me complain to the messiah ---its in his autobiography "dreams of my father"

Iran and North Korea will both have nuclear weapons and used them against us before this fellow ever  will admit they do. After all the blow hard noise he made is like a parent who attempts to discipline their child by counting one, two, two and half, I really mean it!! Full of stinky clear up to the top of his head.!!

Overseas Obama is viewed more like a joke!

NUTJOBYAHOO MAKES ME WANNA PUKE.  I keep posting for the CIA to help America and take this POS out, maybe one day.

fix the budget #$%$!The stop giving Millions of dollars to the ones who want to destroy America.

The KitKat in Chief. If I never hated ngrs I hate them more now.

Netanyahu is looking at he and thinking, " you socialist, commie a"s.s&lt;h.o.l,e!!!

Your about 4000 years too late!

The problem with our president taking aim at anything, is the fact that he always misses the mark.

Give everyone in the Middle East free cell phones and porn and everything will be fine

When Obama says he wants to keep it from boiling over, that means he wants it to boil over.

Obama,worst President we ever had.

If you're happy with Obama as your president, you're a moron.

Oh-oh.  Now the know-it-all wants to "help".  I'm afraid your days are numbered.Does he mean now that he single handedly destabilized the region undoing 60 years of efforts?

0 has supported the moslime uprising since 2008. Now he wants to keep it from boiling over ?

Ever notice how all these stories talk about "playing down" or "saving face" or being sensitive to "not offend" anyone?  How about being more concerned with RESULTS instead of the "pussyfoot dancing"!

Obama says this trip is not about accomplishing anything. Kind of explains his whole presidency. Doesn't it? Making trips that don't accomplish anything, unless it's to a golf course.

obozo sick ,,,, he cant control his own moooslems

Just call them dumb and dumber.  They are a perfect match, stupid is as stupid does.  Total embarrassment.

If israel is wise they wont listen to this country on iran , our track record on stopping other countries from developing nuclear bombs is ( 0 ) . If they're smart they will strike while they still can ,

Thank god we don't have any problems here at home that need attention, maybe he's going over to work on his golf game.

This goof thinks he can solve this by going over and throwing good money after bad all the while a building that belongs to the american public is being held hostage, "the white house" because this DA wants to play his little games. Who the (F) elected this genius, oh yeah, the obama phone money stash people.

obamamma is a joke and the mideast knows it. He is just going to make things worse.Bibi wants to slap Food Stamp.

waaaahahaha! And he is just the guy to do it. haha

Anyone who believes he has America as his best interest vote thumbs up.

The Iranian nuclear program, whether they intent to weaponize it or not, has NEVER harmed an American. Israel can't say the same for THEIR nuclear program. The people living in Apollo, Pennsylvania still have limbs that glow in the dark and are still suffering from radiation poisoning due to the covert program that Israel ran in 1950's and 1960's to steal weapons grade Uranium from the US via a front company called NUMEC. They used the Uranium to start their own nuclear program and left Apollo contaminated with radioactive waste. The Army Corps of Engineers is trying to quietly clean it up today and the cost is upwards of 175 million.

Evil muslims israel is so much better

Nothing Will Get Solved Until Everyone in The World Quits Stating That Peace Will Never Be Possible. Because It Was Written 2100 Years Ago? It Is Stupid For Thousands To Die Because Of A Long Ago Held Belief! Try Living In The Here And Now? Peace Is Always Possible If You Want it! Try An Intellectual Debate. But then Our Own Government Can't So Write It Off The Brain Damage Suffer By All?

He gave the middle east away to muslim extremists, even used taxpayer dollars to help fund it and now want to keep it from boiling over.  The incompetence of this administration is mind boggling.

obama delay,delay,delay till its to late.

Obama aim: Keep Mideast troubles from boiling overJust lower the flame when you boil water.

Obama is well armed to keep this from boiling over...he's packing a briefcase full of stern diplomatic messages that are sure to diffuse any threats from the Muslim world.Seems that our problem is that we are trying to pacify all sides.

If that is your aim Mr. President then you have already failed.  How many tens of thousands of Syrians are dead due to your inaction and lack of leadership?  How many more will suffer because of your complete lack of a spine or balls?  All a man really has in this world is their balls and their word, and you sir have neither.

OUR SUPPORT OF ISRAEL CAUSED 9/11.  That is a FACT.

First this America hating lowlife Obama helps to overthrow gov'ts that were friendly to us and put his fellow Muslim Brotherhood buddies in charge and now he says he doesn't want it to boil over.  What a joke.  And why are we still giving money to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt.  And Comrade Obama, where are all those missing weapons from your illegal incursion into Libya.  My bet is they are coming across our unprotected borders that you and your Communist hordes will not defend.  This guy is the epitome of evil.  Just look at his face if you want to see the devil.

Always pretending he knows what he's doing.......a pretend president. Joe Bidenfor president immediately. Bring back Panetta and put him on trial.......special....prosecutor and drag it to 2016. Benghazi.

Whether our sorry POTUS realizes it, he has created a boiling hot cauldron right here in the USA--- and, believe it or not, it's all his fault.  Worst POTUS ever, even Jimmy "Do Nothing" Carter was better than the bammer

Obama Lovers say "Yum Yum" when they lick his ( o )

wish he would have the same concern here

OBAMA is the reason for most of the uprising in  the mid-east. He is hell bent on toppling governments so his buddies, the muslim brotherhood, can take over. He has done more for jihad than the islamics ever have.

Hmmm well isn't he the president of the UNITED STATES?  Shouldn't his goal be to focus on the fact that our country is falling apart?He is useless.he is a complete failure...an embarrasment to the US on the world stage, leading from his behind, he carries absolutely no weight in foreign affairs, they are laughing at him

He's not kidding anybody. He's going over there to see what his muslim brothers need to continue their jihad on us. Gotta help a brother out.

obamas a lying muslim piece of #$%$..and a coward.

Blah Blah Blah Obama... Get your moron muslim lying  (a)ss out of office... Impeach yourself save America some money

Netanyahu is looking at him like how in the world the United States sink so low as to vote this man to office.I sent for the president and got an acorn head.

Anyone who would listen to obama for advice needs their head examined.

"Obama aim: Keep Mideast troubles from boiling over"Funny.. You caused all this mess with your speech in Cairo, remember?

How about Obama ask Bibi when is Israel going to give the U.S. back the many billions we gave them for the past 50 years.

I wonder how many more billions Israel wants from us this time ?

Negative commenters being added to Obamas subversive list, as we type.There is plenty of trouble in this country... He should get in his office and try and solve some of them,,  ,,, on second thought,, yes, go ... maybe play some nice golf,,,,  big sand traps though..

Do you think he just wants to play golf while he's there?

The headlines translate to more money for rebuilding Foreign mosques and more money for the Muslim Brotherhood.

thanks to hilary.the problem in middle east are getting worsecongress are thanking her for her valuable serviceher record are forever tainted- one usa ambassador are killedno marine was sent to saved himhilary was caught lying to public.

If you believe obama knows what to do about ANYTHING, then you're dreaming.  Impeach obama and stop the nightmare.

So, the standard now is status quo? Whatever happened to actually making something better?

MUSLIMS OVER ISRAELIS *ANY* DAY. Muslims don't control our media, own our politicians, or spread religious and racist hatred on U.S. boards like those damn Israelis.

His Highness, The Obamarxist, telling the MidEast what to do.  What a joke.Please go back to organizing communities, sir.

A JEWISH PUBLISHER IN ATLANTA WROTE THAT THE MOSSAD SHOULD ASSASSINATE OBAMA.  Google it.  He should have been arrested for it, but wasn't.

I don't have time to lead , I'm the president , and love to play golf , go on vacations , create  crisis , and blame others for my failures. I have all the Brothers fooled along with most of the college kids. My hero Joseph Stalin would want me for a son if he were alive.Grab any little kid out of a nursery school, throw him into an operating room and tell him to perform triple bypass on the guy laying there. That's Obama trying not to look stupid hanging out with adults like Natenyahu.

Mr. President---The real danger for America is the Far-East. God will protect Israel.

He won a Nobel Prize even though he hadn't done anything yet...and he still hasn't.  It's like he hasn't actually taken office, he just keeps campaigning.  He does nothing, he makes no decisions, he blames other people for everything that happens.  It's like he thinks he's wearing Harry Potter's Invisibility Cloak.

Wonder if he will bring his food taster along?

I wish he would aim to help the american people and get this economy running again,what are they thinking, us first them later

Going to visit his muslim-brotherhood friends . . . maybe give them more billions and planes. Wake up Americans . . .

Doubt he'll keep US from boiling over.

He can't take care of the problems in his own yard! what makes him think he can solve problems between to other counties? just a thought

Other than this BS...........I read a article that obama will change the laws so he can run for a third term...............we can only pray that never happens................better impeach him this term...............

Please send President Affirmative Action over on a one-way ticket, one for first lady yeti also.Why doesn't he just swing on over to Benghazi and check it out, hang out for a few days, through a party for his buddies.  Then he and hell-ary can get their lies, I mean stories straight.

If Oboma puts on a yamaka and visits a synagog, he's fired!  Also, he'd better stop make silly noises about taking action agains iran -- it ain't gonna happen.

Netanyahu almost lost the election due to the bad Israeli Economy.  Israel has no recourses but depends on large Aid checks fr  om the USA since 1947.  Netanyahu promised he would get aid from the US to repair Israel economy and by using Iran and other fear stories.  US taxpayers have funded Israeli homes on Palestian land and even a 3 bilion dollar Weapons Dome.  Congress passed the Sequester and raised taxes on the Middle Class and Poor while cutting Federal Programs.  But will pass a bill for another large aid check to Israel and the Middle Class/Poor will cover that too.  Netanyahu isn't interested in those stuggling Americans or the possible lost of job and that the US could fall back into a Recession. He is only interested in enough US aid to get Netanahu has full support of the Congress who will pass the Bill but he's afraid Obama will veto it to protect Americans citizens.

"Towelie", point taken, but jeez, drink some coffee and use spell-check.

MUSLIMS BELIEVE JESUS WAS A PROPHET OF GOD, they believe it is a SIN to defame the Christian Bible.  Jews laugh at Christians.

I AM AN AGNOSTIC AND I HATE ISRAEL.  Charles, what's your point?  Obama is a Christian.

Heres a headline for you Barrack........U.S. President Stops Policing The World And Focuses Efforts On Domestic Problems After Stuning Realization That His Children Cannot Find Employment .

THE WORLD *LOVES* OBAMA.  What do you think the world thinks of Israel?  LATEST BBC POLL: Israel is ranked right beside NORTH KOREA.  Google it.

you Obama zombies are insane...  I suppose you are all disappointed he wasnt elected to be the next pope...how much longer are you going to fall for his nonsense?  He looks into the camera and lies right to your face, and you all believe it...  though I have to say its not Obamas fault... the media refuses to challenge anything he says or does, so naturally he thinks he can get away with it.... he did it with the sequester, talking about all the gloom and doom, scaring you koolaid drinkers,  cutting spending in areas where the public will get hit the hardest, instead of cutting out all the waste...then he blames the Secret Service for shutting down the White House tours...the men and women who are in charge of protecting his life, and he throws them under the bus to protect his own butt... without question, he will end up being the worst president we have ever had... no integrity, no honesty, and no clue..

Why  is President Obama going to Apartheid israel   its like endorsing  their  racist actions   Shame on you  President Obama.Israel: U.S. army &amp; dollars are for U.S only. Fight your own wars. We want no part of it.

Well at least they got the right guy. He never has a solution to any problem and always finds a way to get around the real problem. It's alway s better to put your head in the sand policy, the new obama plan for the world issues.

How about we cut off all financial foreign aid to Israel and just let them handle their business.

Hell Obama turned the heat up with the way he's been handling the Middle East. I seem to recall Lunch-bucket Joe Biden saying he guaranteed that Iran was years away from getting a nuke. You don't think he was trying to B.S. the American people do you?

Do not stand next to the president after he tries to divide Israel.  God will bless those who will bless Israel and curse those who will treat Israel with contempt.

The Mideast is a dean of thieves, murders, uItra-racists, and fIat out Iunatics.  We need to get our pipeIine to Canada set up for oiI, and get free of the mid east.  Hey Obama, teII the Zionists we want our $2.3 TriIIion back.

How about keeping US troubles from boiling over? But you are on to that buying up trillions yes trillions of ammo. We are not stupid. We know what you are up to and I myself am prepared to defend myself when the Govt. comes knocking on my door.

downpayment trip? why is anyone still listening to this dirtbag?

Get the USA out of the middle east. And take back the X-band radar from Israel..

A laugh a minute coming out of the wh!  As to the instability of Bibi's coalition: all he has to do is kick out Yair's leftwing party and replace it with the religious parties for a majority of 61.  So much for one party calling the shots.  Bye, bye, Yesh Atid........President Obama: My name is Padraig Lynch from Durango Colorado. Since you have been in office, I have seen NOTHING from you except the division of a once great Nation. You have divided family members, marriages, and have given the lazy and the illegals power. You and your Administration initiate an invasion of the United States of America from within. You do nothing but play golf, go on vacations, pander to the liberal media and the liberal veiws. You are the worst president that I have ever seen. You are NOT the product of Lincoln. He started the Civil War to keep America together....You divide with no Mason Dixon Line. You set families against each other. You provide no jobs except give taxdollars to your friends. You send money to our enemies over seas. You run around on Air Force One spending huge amounts of money on your trips to expand your dictatorship while keeping the White House closed to school children. Please resign and take Biden and your Cabinet with you. You are unfit as a president. Even Kennedy did more to keep the nation together. I can not think of one president who has been worse than you; not even in my lifetime....but in the history of this GREAT NATION.Padraig Lynch, Durango Colorado.

How is Obummer going to help? He cannot even help the citizens of his own Country. He is just another Liberal sticking their nose where it doesn't belong.

Isn't he just about four years too late?

this filthy black turd is a joke, i hope they flush his toilet over there

Israel is too eager to get Obama into Israel...I think Obama should stay here

lmao i will give 75 to 1 odds that he cant and in the end he will make it worst just like he did with egypt

While reading all this political international "spam", lets not forget that Obama is the "divide and conquer" guy, a real expert on stirring the pot and keeping people at odds.  I think that, since he is SAYING he hopes to help heal some wounds, what he really MEANS is that he plans on raising the level of distrust and dislike between enemies in the middle east.  Lets see what happens!

How many of Leroy Obama's food tasters have died in the line of duty. Just like Benghazi, we'll probably never know.

You are shamelessly saying Obama's visit to Jordan is to help the king from avoiding Arab awakening,now Jordan is ruled by democrat in your view.Had it been Assad too is a puppet you would have glorify him as you glorify Jordanian and Bahraini tyrants.

Never trust a Jew.  My father told me that 40 years ago.  Coming from an Irish Catholic family.He was right.  Happy St. Pats to all.Keep troubles from boiling over?  I thought it was the Arab Spring and we were going to see peace and harmony throughout the region....Those projections turned out to be as wrong as projections on Obamacare and the economy

Lead from behind  (after the fact) never solves anything.  obama is the most pitiful leader ever!

Obama is concerned about the Middle East, but don't give a d@mn about Americans.

Same old Western Instigated Strategy:Keep them in turmoil but just stable enough to rape the resources as they are "DISTRACTED"...

"Obama aim: Keep Mideast troubles from boiling over"Translation: Do nothing and blame someone else!

School teachers going to Israel .How quaint. Will they have show and tell upon their return??

How can he do anything positive in the Middle East Heck he can't do anything in His own country, we the legal cititzens are ready to boil over with the state that this country has gotten to under his lack of leadership in office

hey man, your first priority should be us, not a bunch of foreigners.

send him over there until there trouble are over. see how that works out for him.

it is sad when we (America) send our top muslim (obama) to come up with a plan for peace.  he has no desire for that.  look at the way he has split America.  can anyone honestly believe that cares about what anyone believes that isn't in line with his beliefs?This article says that Obama's trip is not intending to really accomplish anything in the Middle East.  Oh, come on now; Obama not accomplish anything.  Say it isn't so.  Could it be that the media is finally discovering what we have known for years?  That Obama is a do nothing President!!!  Will wonders never cease?

Obama complaints about republicans and other irrelevant issues, if quit sending billions of dollars to other countries in aid our budget will be balance this year. Four more year of BS. Send Mr. OBABABAS back to a muslim country...

From kindergarten to mid-school our kids are dragged to a holocaust memorial.  This con has been going on for generations.  No wonder America has become nothing more than zionist zombies.  Keep drinking the zionist kool aid America.  How has all that worked out for you?

Israel has watched Obama lie to the American people for 5 years. They are much smarter than the the average liberal democrat who would blindly follow Barrack over a cliff

He sounds like some parents I know keep it all calm throw money at it and it will relax.I wonder sometimes how did he ever get elected he does nothing for America and throws money at cranky muslims go figure

means nothing. No one in the middle east respects o or the USA... They know he doesn't live by his words.... They aren't blind.

Will he tell the Muslim leaders how they need to accept and promote gay marriage?

At least our President is trying to maitain peace.  Remember the "Tinder Box". Someone has to burn the ashes.  BiBi rather send us to war agaion

We will not put soldiers on the ground for Israel..fight your own fight and stop acting like sissies

A true leader POTUS is not...can't even fake it. Sad.From the comments on here bashing Obama and pushing another needless war that is not in America's interest, it appears that Mossad's cyber-propaganda unit even works on Shabbat.

Typical, the Lib media covering Obama's asz. Julie Pace must be proud of how well she fits in with her fellow Liberal sycophant Journalists.

Here is a thought....lets give Odummer to the middle east....he can go and stay there.

Obama's Arab Islamic WINTER has caused most of the problems in the Middle East and he is still arming radical Islamists in Syria.Now he wants Israel's help.

Having a Glock and resolving an issue in a fistfight, is preferrable to having to pull the Glock. Now, we may have to pull the Glock, revealing what we have behind door number one. Revealing overwhelming technological supioriority, should be left for the big fight. Perhaps those backing Obama, Biden, Schumer, Feinstein  and Bloomberg should have thought a little less deeply pertaining to whether we need to confiscate guns from the American people, and a little more on how REALLY  to  protect American lives and the Israeli people.

Will he stay there?

this ngr's goal is to be able to say he did something, when in fact, he did not and never does

This what they admit to. I wonder what the real total is. This was before his sequester excuse.ICE chief acknowledges more than 2,000 illegal immigrants released, including drunken driversThe top U.S. immigration enforcement official acknowledged Thursday that the Obama administration has in fact released thousands of illegal immigrants from local jails over the last month despite prior claims that the release was only in the hundreds. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Director John Morton, at a House appropriations subcommittee hearing, said the agency released a total of 2,228 illegal immigrants from local jails "throughout the country" between Feb. 9 and March 1 for "solely budgetary reasons."

Keep Mideast troubles from boiling over and let the next US President take care of the problems in the Mideast!   Nice move idiot

Let me say this just once.  IT'S NOT OUR #$%$ PROBLEM WHAT HAPPENS IN THE MIDDLE EAST!  LET THEM SORT IT OUT!!!I'm sick and tired of our country being the police of the world.Just another excuse to ride in the big airplane.

Lets see how much time Pres Obama spends with the Jews or his own people the Muslims.

How's that going to work for you Isreal?  A Muslim in Jerusalem!  Praise Allah!

He has a plan?  This goof can hardly plan is next tee time.

Obama should visit Palestine first and spend at least two days there. He shlould give the greedy jews a stop, and then head on to Jordan. By going to jewtown now, he helps Netanyahu and prevents the arabs from planning revenge against all that Israel has done to them. When I see Israel, I see america's past! If the jews wanna die for dirt, let them be buried in it. This is the WORST time for Obama to go to Israel. He should wait until america's next white president!

Netanyahu said 6 months ago in a speech to the United Nations in September,"Iran was six months away from being able to build a bomb."What a liar!He is the same guy who told Bush regime, "Iraq had Weapons of Mass Destruction."

Obama you NEVER seek resolutions-ALWAYS the bandaid effect! And this way it justifies you supporting your cult terrorist muslim brotherhood!! OBAMA has done nothing in America but LIE, get Americans killed, pushes for the murder of innocent babies, lets criminals out of prisons, allows illegals to take over American jobs (the ones remaining he has not sent overseas), removed the National Day of prayer &amp; replaced that with a Muslim party on the White House front lawn, has his dog flown on solo jet flights to join him on vacation (always at the tax payers expense), denied safety to Americans in Bengazhi-allowing &amp; approving the rape, beheading/murder of Americans, lies about his birth certificate and STOLEN SS#, bought votes from illegals and welfare recipients in trade for Obama phones, had Americans killed by giving them US weapons-who in turned KILLED MORE AMERICANS, blows the most money in history on himself and his family, made the highest US debt in history, takes the most expensive vacations in history, not to mention his 100+ golf outings ANNUALLY, has the highest crime, homelessness, joblessness, and promotes the highest gas prices in history!!

The real reason for the Muslim African Queen to make this trip is to delay Israel striking Iran! He clearly wants to give Iran more time to get their bomb.

Obama has proven he doesn't possess the political savvy to deal with the mid-east. Under the Obama administration the mid-east has become very volatile. The mid-east leaders laugh at Obama like the 50% of Americans who do as well..

The Middle East has enough problems of its own without this agitator flying there on our dime and stirring the pot.obozo  will lie to them all ,he cant help it his face would crack if he told the truth abouit any thing ,hes a real bum and they know it ,hope he meets a mad bomber face to face

WHY DO YOU REPUBS SUPPORT ISRAEL?  They keep 5 million people under military occupation, will not accept them as citizens, are in violation of the Geneva Convention, in violation of dozens of UN resolutions, are committing ethnic cleansing, forcing our politicians to support them, and making the world hate us.  What is WRONG with you people???

After Libya, and Egypt can he make things any worse? dumb question, of course he can.

The Hillary/Obama foreign policy in the MiddleEast has been a complete failure.

Obama aim: hog-tie Israel so the Islamists will have no trouble slaughtering them.

These hebrews have cost America nothing but blood, treasure and grief.  Time to cut them off.  Ban AIPAC and no more duel Israeli's working in our federal government. Make America independent and great again. End the zionist occupation of our Congress. America first.

Obama is the worst president in the history of our country.  He and his wife is more concern about Hollywood and being cool than the betterment of our country.

Leading the way to stupidity..as usual

THERE ARE A COUPLE OF SILENT ISRAELIS HERE.  The pattern of thumbs-down of certain posts prove it.

OUR JEWISH MEDIA PROTECTS ISRAEL.  They threaten our politicians, all it takes is a little "controversy" to swing an election 5-10 percentage points.  We are not free.Look at Netanyahu you really think he trusts BO...my God someone get this guy and his plane otta here

For eight years Netanyahu got used to having a U.S. president who was not as smart as he is.  He needs to get used to the fact that President Obama is smarter than he is (plus a lot smarter than most of our politicians here at home.)

NUTJOBYAHOO RECEIVED 17 STANDING OVATIONS IN CONGRESS.  Unfreaking believable.  The leader of a nation committing ethnic cleansing, in violation of DOZENS of U.N. resolutions, a pariah in the world, is supported by our politicians.  WHY????

Name one good thing any middle east country (including Israel) has done for the USA, besides sell us oil.

I hope these blogs get back to him and his flunkies.

mitt romney would have america in a war with iran by now , romney as much as promisednethayahu he would go to war with iran . gwb swallowed that poison pill in iraq.

How many hours will it take Black Jesus ( or is it Black Mohammed) to embarrass himself and the US on this trip? I figure less than 12.

obuthead is going to get us all killed..he is such a loser...

If anything happens to Obama while he's in Israel, I'll blame Israel, not the Arabs

KEEP MIDEAST FROM BOILING OVER!!!!! Too much golf. Give him a newspaper.He hasn't a clue as to keeping nuclear weapons safe.  He has taken a stance in Syria that puts nuclear weapons in jeapardy as he always has with his halfwitted idiocy ideas.

Obama only wants mideast peace till he thinks the muslims can win a war against israel.

Watch for the False Flags America!  Time is ripe for an American President not favourable to Israel to be hit by the Mossad.  Blame it on the arabs or better yet the Iranians.  That is what they do.  Don't be fooled.

That Ben Nuttinyahoo looks like a real pr!(c)k I must say!

The shekel grubbers want a free war (for themselves). Imagine if the USA could make Canada go to war with every American enemy. War is expensive, which is why it is (and should be) a last resort.

Our president sure has a hard job after Bush started his needless wars so his cronies could get rich by using our nations youth for cannon fodder.

I have never had any confidence in this president or his weird policies, whats changed? When you dont really stand for something you will fall for anything!  Keep falling!!

When are we going to get to see the president,we saw kennedy and the clintons.

I keep wondering with all the negative comments about Obama how he ever got elected to a second term. The only thing I can think of is uninformed voters

It's hard to believe that guy who supports and finances terorists and Jihadists wants peace in the middle east or anywhere else.TO ALL SO-CALLED "PATRIOTS" HERE.  How does it feel to know 5 million Jews in Israel control our foreign policy?  Proud?

Have always said and will keep saying stay out of it and let them kill each other . For many Presidents and many years diplomacy doesnt work and talking and meetings have failed. Bring back all troops and have them protect USA, stop foriegn investments and bring back our business to our shores. Set up coastal missle bases and defense bases and lets take care of ourselves.Its been clear for decades thes folks dont want to play nice with eachother.

this filthy black turd is a joke, i hope they flush his tolit over there

I wounder if he will wear one of those little caps, and kiss the wall?

I hope he at least packed an American flag, let alone hang it.

He needs to tell Benjamin to step down like they want Assad to do.

Time to end all aid to Israel, time to end the sham "alliance". Israel IS the problem, the bad guy, the aggressor. Israel IS North Korea on the Med.

Keep the troubles from "boiling over"? What does he think we are, stupid?He caused them with his pro-Muslim Brotherhood policies. There will be another war in the ME, people will die, and it will be Obama's fault, but he'll find a way to blame someone else.

I thought Obama was totally useless until today.  I used to have a Glock in 9mm, but I sold it a while back.  I still had 600 rounds of 9mm, but nothing to shoot it out of.  I put an add on craigslist 2 years ago and didn't get a single call.  I put one back up today trying to sell this ammo, and my phone blew up.  I sold 600 rounds of 9mm range ammo for 150 bucks, even though that was what was left over from a 1000 round purchase 2 years ago for 120 bucks.  I guess I should have raised the price, but I am not into screwing my fellow Americans that like to shoot.  Thank you Obama for being the best gun and ammo salesman ever.  I still have some 308 for sell if anyone can't find it locally.  I know it is impossible to find in Texas.

There are 6 million Jews in the U.S., and 5 million in Israel.  YET, we let them determine our nation's direction and future.  All they care about is ISRAEL, and have flushed us down the toilet with their war mongering.  They have turned 1.5 BILLION Muslims against us, Europe looks down on us for it.He's not leading anything. He should be concerned about America's troubles from boiling over.

and here we are with the Amatures' response 2 years too late ....... is anyone taking him seriously in the world political arena???

"This trip is just a down payment" Every time the president shows his $#@, Taxpayer dollars are sure to follow. Tax and Spend. Tax us and give it away to anybody else for political points!

living the dream leading the way

Neyanyahu is watching Obama's lips moving -------- He knows Obama is lying.

"HOW TO KEEP THE MIDEAST PEACE" by Barrack H. Obama:  1) Give and sell weapons to governments and organizations run by, or affilliated with, terrorist organizations.  2) Tell the public and media that your goal is to keep peace in the Mideast. 3) Repeat it allot.

Biggest fraud in U.S. history was caused by a jew (Bernie Madoff). This is a fact ladies and gentlemen.

Write to congress to end all ties with AIPAC. AIPAC works day and night to put Israel ahead of U.S. interests.

Nut-in-yahoo looks like he needs another shrink after the last one committed suicide.

Let's see he gives 250 million dollars to egypt plus jets and tahks .That is a sure way to show what sort of person you are .If I were Israeli I would not believe him any further then I could throw him.OBAMA SHOULD GO TO ISRAEL WITH 1 MILLION TROOPS.  Station them in the West Bank, and declare a Palestinian state.  All the Israeli settlers/land thieves can become Palestinian CITIZENS.

"A friend to Israel is no friend to humanity"

Obama the Fraud has no idea what he is doing.  He is in over his head.  Where are the 50% of the people that voted for this clown?

EUROPE FEELS SORRY FOR US THAT ISRAEL CONTROLS OUR POLITICIANS.  They realize our media is owned by Israel, and think it is a tragedy.  Our politicians are career cowards.

we have had enough being last on the list ...America..should come first like go says,,,,,,,and we should be top list of your agenda......

Obamas aim is to run from budget talks and go on an apologizing campaigne tour...

Julie Pace ?  I think she was one of Obama's speech writers.  Should have known Yahoo would just keep covering for Obama's inebt handling of foreign affairs just like his handleing of the budget and economy.

JULIE PACE, is another LYING LIBERAL reporter canting the news her way.

Our media is turning into the fake "state" media in "Banana Republics", they cannot WAIT to jump ahead of each other to praise this fraud, like they are scared now, NOT to.  Too funny.  10 years we are like Venezuela and/or Brazil in every way.

"This is not about accomplishing anything now. This is what I call a down payment trip,"when can we expect to accomplish something?whats the point then, no doubt the president needs more air miles.president bama will do nothing significant to keep iran from having nukes.in fact he is buying them time.How can an American president be fair and seek justice for both the Jews and the Arabs? Answer; With the support of the American taxpayers.

this 'peace' process has been going on for decades.  what has changed ??

I think Queen Elizabeth II has more political influence on the Middle East.

Netanyahu appears to be looking at Obama's throat thinking, I could take him out with one punch right now.

I hope BeBe shuns him as he did BeBe.  Now Barry going to spend a week trying to act like he is really doing something.  Go play golf dud, we are safer that way.

IN 1890, THERE WERE 400,000 IN PALESTINE/TODAY'S ISRAEL, and only 40,000 were Jewish.  Now tell me again, HUGH, about right and wrong, and who is to blame.

ISRAEL IS COMMITTING ETHNIC CLEANSING, stealing land, is in violation of the Geneva Convention, in violation of dozens of U.N. resolutions, is ignoring our requests to not settle the West Bank, is MURDERING THOUSANDS OF PALESTINIANS, and you think they are "hog tied"????

The name is JOKE. lets all take a laugh break.   for those who voted for him and his family to be in the White House ,  you suck also. Ha Ha Ha thanks for the laugh.

Hey as Obama said -- he doesn't want it to boil over on his watch--why one might ask because he has no one to blame if it happens

"For when they shall say, Peace and Safety; then sudden destruction cometh upon them, and they shall not escape". I Thessalonians 5:3 The Day of The Lord. Repent my friends, the time is near. The world is not our home. Our homes are in heaven. To live with the Lord for ever and ever. Amen.How about we take care of problems at home first. No one really cares about muslims killing muslims. It's their world, they can #$%$ in it all they want.

This man is NOT a savior or the messiah or the antichrist.  Just a man that wants all the attention.  Narcissistic #$%$.

Netanyahu Hates the President Of the USA. why should President Obama believe the ISRAELI all they want is the USA fight their war even when they Have closer Ties to CZAR Putin then USA.remember It was the ISRAELI who Attacked and Killed 60 USA sailors on a USA Ship for No reason. Do Not Trust the ISRAELI.

this #$%$ thinks the middle east is Alabama

Obama's philosophy on how to prevent the Mid East from boiling over is to do what he did in Benghazi-----nothing. His influence is worse than pathetic.

Fact is Iran has had a nuclear program over 50 years.  at one time we supplied Iran with weapon grade uranium to power a reactor we helped Iran build.  Check Iran atoms for peace.

Any guesses who stole the laptop from the Israeli Director of Nuclear Programs ?

When the whole world voted for the STATE of palestine except us and a few very small countries that shoud send everyone a clear message.   The message is clear, It's turning into America and Israel against world opinion.  If everyone disgress with us we have a problem.

Time Israel has a constitution separating Church and State....same for all the countries in the region...it would be the first step to rationality.

If Obama is doing anything it will only GET WORSE, please Mr. Obama let someone with the ability due the job and please don't pass it down to any of the idiots in chain of command in MY White House they are, to be nice stupid!The Iranian nuclear program, whether they intent to weaponize it or not, has NEVER harmed an American. Israel can't say the same for THEIR nuclear program. The people living in Apollo, Pennsylvania still have limbs that glow in the dark and are still suffering from radiation poisoning due to the covert program that Israel ran in 1950's and 1960's to steal weapons grade Uranium from the US via a front company called NUMEC. They used the Uranium to start their own nuclear program and left Apollo contaminated with radioactive waste. The Army Corps of Engineers is trying to quietly clean it up today and the cost is upwards of 175 million.

Its been 3000 years... Let them fight their own war... SAVE OUR MONEY....

not our problem stay ot of it

Hussein and Jimmy hate Israel and thats a fact......He's going to see what he can do for the terrorists, maybe ask Israel to take it easy on the terrorists like he does.

Yet another White House press release pretending to be news. Waging war against Iran with sanctions, military threats, and destabilizing their ally Syria, this is 'keeping things from boiling over'? Orwellian doublespeak from the Peace Destroyer in Chief.

Focus on this country first then others. All Obama does is talk but no action.

.....he's looking at him like an ''organ grinder''...........

Advice for Obama. Just read what is on the teleprompter and take no questions from anyone.

independent here why do owe anything to israel for and why is it so wrong to disagree with them,we don't see eye to eye with allies in europe all the time.Conservitive's get all bent out shape when we don't see eye to eye with israel

I hope he takes a huge dump at the whining wall and declares the holocaust the biggest fraud in history. Which it is.he's the world's " village idiot".

Obama's mouth is open in the photo.  That means he's lying.

"The U.S. has pushed for more time to allow diplomacy and economic penalties to run their course, though Obama insists military action is an option."  President Obama's diplomacy has only created more problems for the world than he has prevented.  North Korea has a nuclear weapon, Iran is very close to having a nuclear weapon and the Muslim Brotherhood is gaining control of three, maybe four countries.  The United States has lost most of their influence throughout the world during this administration.

That horse is already out of the barn...

Basketball or Golf will bring peace. If that dosen't work, send a nasty letter. If that dosen't work show them we are disarming, and getting rid of our armed forces.I'm going to chant and give the peace sign, till they give in. WOOO! a Korean rocket just went over. They need to chill out!

Maybe he will keep Obama waiting an hour and a half while he has dinner with his wife.

Meanwhile , Michelle is fighting Obesity in the US .

In other words, Hillary f'ed it up.

"Obama aim: Keep Mideast troubles from boiling over"?  How about keeping American troubles from boiling over?

IMPEACH........ This IDIOT...PLEASE.....Do not expect the United States, under Obama, to take any aggressive action against Iran. Instead expect Obama to be against any Israeli initiative. Obama will preach the importance of negotiations up until the production of the first Iranian nuclear weapon and then state that the world must learn to live with this new reality.

Funny thing, he can't take care of our own country.  What the he!! makes him think he can take care of another region?

The pot is boiling over in ths country fix it,or needs more mony for anather wortles noble piceprice

If the trip is not about accomplishment, then it seems Mr. Obama is an excellent choice.

He is going to do the same thing with the middle east that he is doing with our piling up debt, let the future of our country handle it.  Or, in other words, nothing.  He doesn't give a rat's rear about Israel or it's people.  If he doesn't care about his own people why in God's name would anyone think he cares about the Jews, but they voted for him, so they get what they deserve. But you can bet he is going to give away free stuff to the lazy.

He better get off is butt and at least deal with Iran soon.

Bush/Cheyney took us into war in Iraq.  They claimed that over throwing Saddam Hussein would cause democracy and a free enterprise system to break out, remember?  Where the eff is it?    Is that the kind of 'leadership' you boys like?  Obama got us out of Iraq and, hopefully, out of Afghanistan soon.   And if you boys don't like this post -- and you won't -- you'll just have to bite me!

What BS. The U.S. would support the overthrow of every government in the middle east except for one.

"Keep Mideast troubles from boiling over", it's a little late for that, isn't it?  Obama's weak middle east diplomacy bits the dust.  Go over there and talk to the man on the street again, if you dare.

Keeping it from boiling over, right? Obama is the cause of a lot the turmoil by supporting radical Islam in these out of control countries.Talk about boiling over, there's a rumor that slick willie's dna was found on the rear of oblamer's pants. slick willie will do any body.

"Keep Mideast troubles from boiling over"Excuse me? You don't send half the problem over there calling it a "solution" - first remove the problem (from office) then replace with someone with an iron fist of good ol' common sense American sound conservative policy focused domestically first - the globalist nutter will get the hint that if we didn't even spare our own from justice... consider what we'll do to them.That's justice served.

Remember candidate O'Dumbo?  Iran's just a tiny country.  They don't pose any threat.  You are SOOOOO  Lame and a disgrace to our country.

Obama is four years too late , and not qualified for the task...His only talent has been to campaign and feed his narcissistic personality.We should be very worried.

I hope he does better with "Middle-East" problems than he has with OURS!

It is way past time for Israel to figure a way out of the mess they have created.  Why we continue to be there stooge is beyond me.  Oh wait, AIPAC and the millions they give to Congress.  Almost forgot.

Name a International law Israel has not broken.  Thats the problem.

Jews cause problems wherever they go.  History proves it.  I challenge anyone to tell me different.

Do something right for once in your life Obama.  End all aid to Israel now.

Israel is the problem America, not the other guys. Quit being duped.  No Israel, no problems. Think about it.  America first.Only when America dumps Israel will she be great again.

"This is not about accomplishing anything now.of course not, obama cant lead here,going to the middle east wont change things, he cant lead there either.obama cant even manage to organize WH tours for children.

It Is Written: War will take place, maybe we don't know exactly when, but it is best not to be fighting against Israel, for then you will eventually be in the loser's pile up. (eloquently put in Laymen's terms)To any and all who will hear. Your money cannot and will not save you, nor can anyone else, but THE LIFEGIVER. Seek THE SCRIPTURES, Believe THE SCRIPTURES, hold forever to THE SCRIPTURES, for JESUS Speaks LIFE And In HIM Alone we have ETERNAL LIFE IN PEACE.

boiling over? it erupted in his first term.....what a joke.......first comment!

“Palestine belongs to the Arabs in the same sense that England belongs to the English or France to the French. It is wrong and inhuman to impose the Jews on the Arabs... Surely it would be a crime against humanity to reduce the proud Arabs so that Palestine can be restored to the Jews partly or wholly as their national home”― Mahatma Gandhi

Obama want his legacy to be monumental in history and he does not care what he has to start or does to get there. What fool out there does not see it that way?

yeah--they want to take advice from a spineless #$%$ like obama

Notice in picture, the eyes of Israel is focusing, on the mouth of obama, and thinking, 'they were right, this fool talks jibberish'

PLEASE one picture of this idiot without its mouth open, head thrown back or that skinny finger wiggling.

You Neocons on here who pose as "Americans" while you war monger and cheer on another war. You all might as well be honest about your real loyalties and start a unified chorus of "Hine matov" and be done with it.Obama is so #$%$ arrogant. He can't do what is right for America . The clock is ticking .

Interpretation. Obama will take more of Israel's border and give it to his muslim brothers the palestinians. You know he will do a mini Benghazi.

PALESTINIANS ARE SEMITES, Israelis are European.  "Anti-Semite"?  Not me, I like Palestinians much better than Israelis.

ISRAELIS SHOULD BE BANNED FROM U.S. BOARDS.  All they do is post Muslim hate and war mongering, while pretending to be us.

A Sharia Loving American President has about as much credibility in Israel as does the obese, autistic, buck-toothed son of Yassir ArabFat.  ZERO.

I sure wouldn't want Obama guarding my backside

The meeting may be a good opportunity for Obama to question what benefits US citizen have ever gained from supporting the existence of Israel with their tax dollars.

I hope something good happens this week. My hope is boiling over.

we need to focus on america

If we are not ready to lead, stand aside and let the UN do it, impose sanctions on the Israelis and Palestinians if need be and let a two state solution happen, no more US veto for Israel.i hope obama succeed to his trip to middle east.good luck mr.president.

In order to achive peace you have to tell the truth. The truth is there is no palastine only refugess from other arab countries trying to overthrow Israel. Anyone that follows the bible knows that is the truth.

"Obama aim: Keep Mideast troubles from boiling over" Too late n,i,g,a!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu,thinks to himself.yep this guys a  lying p.o.s

Hey whoever burnt down the new[1986]chamber of commerce building and expects someone to hand them another 200,000-300,000 dollars for a boating museum,must be somrething new in destructive people who do whatever they want to do.

Leave the mid-east dust bowl-lets focus on the the great USA

Oh, so NOW he wants to help? Un-@#$&amp; home first jack#$@&amp;!

YOU REPUBS JUST WANT TO BASH OBAMA.  You don't care about our future, just your paycheck for posting crappola.  What do you think about Israel?  You don't answer my posts about Israel and what they are doing.  ARE YOU AFRAID OF THEM?  Is that not what you are paid to comment about?

Jes geeve em da rug heads endless supply of Acorns!

My butt. Obama has created most Mid East problems.Ha-Ha, Barry failed trying to make peace with the tea-party Repuiblicans inWashington so now he's going to the Mid-east to try to make peace betweenthe Jews and Arabs...LMAO...lots-of-luck, sucker !

He has done so well here, my guess we should plan for war

If that is the case Obama then why did you send military aid to Morsi?  Liar

YEPP!! Continue to meddle in other Countries Business instead of taking care of the American People - FIRST!! To Hell with the Trillions Owed by our very own Governments Spending Habits...and the American People have to be the one's paying for it!! The American People have No choice in Anything they do. Something's terribly WRONG in Paradise!! Wake UP People!!

Think on this, black people were made slaves by hussein obama's best friends, the muslims. Don't take my word for it check it out for yourself. America(hussein obama) has sent billions of America's tax dollars(called an apeasement payment) along with all the political support he could muster up to the muslim brotherhood. The biggest slave owner in American history was not a white men. Check it out for yourself and see. The white people are the ones who actually freed the slaves but yet they still get called racist and alot of other things. Maybe if someone knows the facts they can put one and one together and see what obama truly is.

You should thank God Israel is our ally. Israeli Intelligence, the best in the world, has been shared with us and has prevented hundreds of terrorist attacks within the United States. Israel has been a good ally to us in spite of this administration having insulted Israel on many, many occasions. Another Obama action that should make you happy.

Bet you ten bucks he brought a basketball with him.

Obama is a joke. A bad one,

Obama needs to aim on fixing the problems in the US.  He is proving time and time again that Jimmy Carter is not the worst president in our history.

I wonder if Hamas has mined Israel's sand traps?Obuma just wants another vacation to show his arab buddies how to bilk the American taxpayers out of more money and make it look like business. This #$%$ needs impeached

He keep making down payments,  when is he going to own the answer to the problem ? The interest is going to kill us !

Arab Spring gave radical Muslims control of the region thanks to Obama/Hilliary WHAT HAPPENED IN BENGIZE ?? Oblamer now has no solutions.  A Muslim President we have and it will get worse. Change the  2014

The people that voted for him dont follow the news.

George Bush has won, hands down as the most stupid.  Is this the best Republicans can come up with ?  Fear, Hate and Greed.  Keep voting Republican.

he just went to visit his buddies

It's all bush's fault!!!!!!!

Send Obama to the middle east, and let those violent crazies keep their Muslim Brother.  Don't bother coming back, loser, that's the best thing you could do for America.

Good Luck with that Mr President! Your on the wrong planet. End The Fed.

UNITED STATES OF ISRAEL@ Kara  I agree, Ive been saying that for years"

USA President 's hopefully not a Israeli puppet !

Yeah, yeah, the "Samson option".  We've all heard the Israeli bluster.  BUT LET ME TELL YOU THIS, if Israel starts slinging nukes at everyone, no Jew ANYWHERE will be safe.  The so-called "Jewish holocaust" of the '40s will look like a warm up.

ISRAEL FORCED OUT 700,000 ARABS IN '48, and 200,000 in '67.  It was ethnic cleansing, not because of war, just opportunity.  It was always Israel's state goal to create a Jewish state, and the palestinians had to be driven out.  SADLY, the Arab nations failed to stop it.  Israel massacred hundreds to enable it.

Obama aim:  Keep Mideast troubles from boiling over. take the matches away from israel,and tell them to stop stealing.

LISTEN VERY CAREFULLY.  Since 2008, 3000 Palestinians have been blown apart by Israeli bombs, while only 20 Israelis have died from rockets hitting the desert.  ISRAEL LIES AND KILLS, ALL FOR LAND.

natanyahoo is looking at Obongo like he's a trained monkey. Which I guess he kind of is.

REPUBS WILL NOT WIN ANOTHER PRESIDENCY FOR 12 YEARS.  Bush saw to that, and all you insane tea baggers saw to that.

in the top photo netanyahu is looking at the embarrassment and must be thinking "this boy is in way over his head". -  what a disgusting display of nonsense from this obama character

PARK the plane you do nothing mfkr.  SAVE us some tax dollars.  WE as Americans are sick of your BS.Let's send them Georgie Shortpants. The little fellar' has been "sharpenin' on his brain points" with his fellow cowpoke Rick "The Eliminator" Perry since he left office. I think what the Middle East struggle for peace is missing is the viewpoint and experience of a marginally #$%$ Texan riding around the desert on a stick horsey."I'm telling you there's an enemy that would like to attack America, Americans, again. There just is. That's the reality of the world. And I wish him all the very best." --George W. Bush, Washington, D.C., Jan. 12, 2009"Should the Iranian regime-do they have the sovereign right to have civilian nuclear power? So, like, if I were you, that's what I'd ask me. And the answer is, yes, they do." --George W. Bush, talking to reporters in Washington, D.C., July 2, 2008"But oftentimes I'm asked: Why? Why do you care what happens outside of America?" --George W. Bush, Washington, D.C., June 26,2008"I remember meeting a mother of a child who was abducted by the North Koreans right here in the Oval Office." --George W. Bush, Washington, D.C., June 26, 2008"There is some who say that perhaps freedom is not universal. Maybe it's only Western people that can self-govern. Maybe it's only, you know, white-guy Methodists who are capable of self-government. I reject that notion." --George W. Bush, London, June 16, 2008"The German asparagus are fabulous." --George W. Bush, Meseberg, Germany, June 11, 2008"We got plenty of money in Washington. What we need is more priority." --George W. Bush, Washington, D.C., June 2, 2008"And so the fact that they purchased the machine meant somebody had to make the machine. And when somebody makes a machine, it means there's jobs at the machine-making place." --George W. Bush, Mesa, Arizona, May 27, 2008"I'll be long gone before some smart person ever figures out what happened inside this Oval Office." --George W. Bush, Washington, D.C., May 12, 2008"Let me start off by saying that in 2000 I said, 'Vote for me. I'm an agent of change.' In 2004, I said, 'I'm not interested in change --I want to continue as president.' Every candidate has got to say 'change.' That's what the American people expect." --George W. Bush, Washington, D.C., March 5, 2008"I can press when there needs to be pressed; I can hold hands when there needs to be -- hold hands." --George W. Bush, on how he can contribute to the Middle East peace process, Washington, D.C., Jan. 4, 2008

Let me get this right  after  Mr obama disrespects  Netanyahu and is schooled by him on the history of israel, and allow the muslim brotherhood to run over almost every country in the middleeast   all of a sudden  he concerned????   or is he going on another apology tour??  What a lack of knowledge and forethought

The only trouble in the middle east is cause by Israel and their paranoia.  Get rid of them and their will be peace.

Do not expect the United States, under Obama, to take any aggressive action against Iran. Instead expect Obama to be against any Israeli initiative. Obama will preach the importance of negotiations up until the production of the first Iranian nuclear weapon and then state that the world must learn to live with this new reality.

What the heck is he doing over there??  Lets forget for a minute he's just become target #1 for America's enemies.  He's got HUGE problems here at home that are more urgent than physically stepping into something that's been going on over a thousand years!

And I'll quote again; "stupid is as stupid does!"

Its Over Obama your an Idot you Proved it your first 4 years , no one trusts you any more, your reign is over give the Nobel Peace Prize back your a failure

The maggots aim is to keep anything and everything from interferring with his vacations and golf.

Obuma is a waste of skin!

The middle east is going to boil over into world war three in the next month or two . GOD help us allMaybe they will greet him like they did Hague when he travelled overseas.

i'm willing to bet that the majority of these negative posts are from the chosen people?

Obama'Nation = Abomination

No surprise. He stepped in to the political arena in the USA too and isn't doing anything to fix the vexing problems here either.

Netanyahu looks like a terrorist to me. Matter of fact....he IS a terrorist. Along with the U.S. Federal Government. ALL "NEOCONS" ARE TERRORISTS.

I wanna see the JEWS kick some muslim booty

How is he going to keep them from boiling over ? I hear money talks. How about if I give you guys about 3.5 billion US tax payers dollars ? They will never miss it, I've got things under control over there.

** Zionism going through death throes **at.....PressTV

No more war please.. If Bibi needs a war he must handle himself

The last thing US needs is a new war .. Nation need a rest..It’s time for Israel to sink or swim for itself.The Americans are tired of Israel being anything but a huge parasite in order to survive.They need to make peace with Palestinians based on world’s calling and UN Charters and mandates ASAP—or they are on their own for good. Enough is enough!

WE NEED NATIONALIZED HEALTHCARE, like Canada, Britain, France, etc.  We pay TWICE what they pay, and get nothing for it.  Those resources should be for production of real goods we can export.

All presidents are yes men to the globalist elite a.k.a. the Nephilim who run this world. They will be riding the skirt tales of these so called men in charge. The so called Aliens (nephilim or annunaki) in the world are no more then Demons mascurading as Aliens to deceive the world and it seems to be working. A lot of people think these things are in charge of the world and that they made God and us. How pathetic. Revelations 8 talks about the return of the nephilim when they are unleashed from the bottonless bit ( the heavens) and return to earth. These same creatures work with out government and have always been here giving our govenrment technology for people. They are all over the pyramids and cave writings. If you want to worship these things as Gods, good luck to you and study the nephilim and annunaki before making uneducated comments. It might save your life for eternity.

Oh yea way to go. You add nothing but fuel to the fire so now your plan is to shut up and take credit. HAHA

I find it interesting that his focus will be on the young people. I think its because they are more easily led then those who have experience and wisdom behind them. They are all looking for "Change."

Considering that part of the world is a boil on the butt of humanity, the boil needs to be lanced with heat.

OBAMA SHOULD SEND U.S. TROOPS TO PALESTINE, where they could do some good.  Our national policy is that Israel cannot settle the West Bank, but they ignore us.  TIME TO MAKE ISRAEL ACT CIVILIZED.

MUSLIMS OVER ISRAELIS *ANY* DAY.  Muslims don't control our media, own our politicians, or spread religious and racist hatred on U.S. boards like those damn Israelis.

While you're there...see if our embasy in Benghaziis tennantible

Netanyahu really.???...why even bother to meet with Obama, he'll give you the same lip service with promises and will absolutely not support Israel in any material way.The leader of the free world as they call it,is going to kiss more nutty-yahoo's #$%$ and give more of our tax dollars to kill and invade,

ODRAMA is going to what,  apology to the Muslim world for their hijacking  lives lost on those jet planes as a result of our country's properties coming in contact with them?ODRAMA has made himself ever so transparent when he ordered American flags flown at half mast for that drug addict - drunkard Whitney Houston yet,  has nerver done anything for our country's top sniper who has eliminated most of the terrorist "deck of cards " that threaten this country's citizens lives &amp; our military men and women!!!

The Look on the guys  face thats looking at Obama is priceless.Looks like hes thinking  "Why you dumb  duck"

I wish I was Jewish

I dont know if is just me but Netanyahu has a face that it cant be trusted and a liar.

Jerusalem is the home of the Al Aqsa Mosque  and the capital of Palestine

OBAMA HAS LET US DOWN, I agree.  He should have forced healthcare reform, he should have stood up to Israel, he should have forced a balanced budget.  But the REPUB CONGRESS would not work with him.

Mr. President, you want peace in the middle east. Just take the nuclear weapons away from israhell and pass a law saying it is illegal for israhell to have a nuclear program. You'll see peace coming real fast then.

While in Jerusalem , Obama will visit the Al-Aqsa Mosque and offer prayers to Allah .

Obama's favoritism fell rock bottom between the Jews , that's why he's going to Jerusalem .Stop siding with Israel.

To solve any issue Oblahma would have to lead, something he has failed to do for 5 years.  Why start now - he got re-elected by millions of baffoons that have the right to vote and be stupid at the same time.

Yes Obama...you must bow down and kiss the A S of America's Jewish hijackers. If you think for a second that you're gonna put America before Israel or our Jewish agenda; well then, we'll just rig more buildings for controlled demolition like we did on 9/11. Any questions Barack?

I am sure obama will be as good at this as he is at reducing the deficit, unemployment, the trade imbalance, all those green energy projects, having the most transparent presidency in history, uniting the political parties and protecting Ambassador Stevens.  Nothing to worry about.

Muslim King O bama will defend muslim terrorist countries over christian jewish countries cause hes an arrogant muslim who thinks hes a emperor god, well the real god will punish him someday for his sins tyranny treason to we the people, hes muslim skum

obama is the most useless president ever

crickets

peace is when you let israel go they are a bad for america

What will Obama tell the young Palestinians when he visits their Youth Centre in The West Bank. ? They should just through a shoe at him a la Bush in Iraq.

we have always had israels back, for good reason and only democratic country in region that has backbone, this president does he care, ahh forget about it. to busy seeing if wind or solar co. really work.In Israel, a homosexual nude-beach-attending, car-driving, college educated, divorced muslim woman can be part of the elected parliament.  How many Islamist nations have homosexual, nude-beach-attending, car-driving, college educated, divorced jewish women as part of their "elected" parliaments?  Just sayin'...

I guess that vexing means no White House tours!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Look up the word.  Iowa get strong on this one!!!! The Iowa dirty dozen had a say ,but not a tour. Shame on you Oblamer.

Israel is the problem!!!

...watch your back Obama Netanyahu has Mossad in the shadows waiting for their chance to pounce....assassinations is a Mossad specialty!....

Obama goes to visit Israel.....at the same time Vice President Biden and Nancy Pelosi goes to the Vatican....Should we declare one or all three the False Prophets and the Anti-christ?

A very difficult task for a community organizer.

Wrong.  Obama's aim is to destroy Israel and the U.S.

from playing with tiger woods to dealing with international problems.  might as well have a a chimp in the oval office.

Any American who supports Israel, is a traitor to our country.  Period.

OK, enough of the loser sour grapes commentary for Obama, start collecting your material for Hillary's win in 2016, and be sure you have enough to cover 8 years.How about taking a fraction of that money and keeping OUR WHITE HOUSE open for tours for the kids and citizens that PAY FOR ALL YOUR WASTEFUL SPENDING!!!!!!!!  WORST PRESIDENT EVER!!!!!!!

Absolute nonsense . Nothing has changed in the Middle East and in fact matters are worse under Mr. Obama : Palestinian terrorists groups continue to attack Israel and as Mr. Obamahimself stated Iran is one year away from a nuclear bomb which will be aimed right at Israel .Mr. Obama's call for more diplomacy has the same value as toilet paper.

there is no human on this earth who is ever going to bring peace to the Middle East...they have documented thousands of years History of them killing each other...no use wasting time bashing our President...he like all other leaders has to go through the motions...nothing is ever going to change...hey, what the hell, we're over there  killing em' too....be there for over 12 years....the best thing our leader can tell Netanyahu  during his visit is "hey, save Muslims some for the Bush's to kill...we just might have another WAR MONGER PRESIDENT in the wings...

Obama`s policy - `An ignored pot never boils` - Anyway, is there a golf course in Israel - Barry wanted to know

I noticed the Republicans keep kissing up to the Jews, but 70% of Jews vote democrat regardless.  So desperate and pitiful.

I voted for Obama but this is wishful thinking. The reality is there's a gathering storm approaching and we'll need all of our ALLIES to break Al-Qaeda's back once and for all, all over the globe. They are no different than National Socialist Germany was before it's demise. Same hate, just a new day.

Netanyahu...KNOWS...."the MESSIAH"......is BRAIN DEAD....!!!!

Yes Obama...you must bow down and kiss the A S of America's Jewish hijackers. If you think for a second that you're gonna put America before Israel or our Jewish agenda; well then, we'll just rig more buildings for controlled demolition like we did on 9/11. Any questions Barack?

Who was Neville Chamberlain?

Veterans Today's Gordon Duff** Zionism Going Through Death Throes **- PressTV -Mr. Netanyahu's facial expression appears to be saying, "You ARE NOT going to push me around you stupid little idiot terrorist muslim".

Obama wants his Muslim peoples to be strong and Israel weak, that is why he is supplying his Islamist brothers with billions and training so they thier sites on the Jewish state.

Mr president i have a message for u. grow a pair and call a spade a spade. u spoke of change and u make no effort to change anything as far as middle east goes. instead of cowering like a coward, stand up to these bullies and hold them accountable for their constant disregard for UN resolutions and human rights violations. tell them that if this none sense continues the american aid will stop. u wana change? how abt change from bending over to showing wat america is really capable of? but i know its not sumthing u r capable of doing. u will continue to do wat others before u have done. kneel and grovel before the zionists and israelis, put american interests aside and jump into wars that they dictate. sad really. i dont understand how ppl call u the most powerful man on earth wen u cant even stand up to bullying and gross violations of every known UN resolution.

When and if OBAMA...goes into a Jewish Temple in Jerusalem on Friday (Shabbat) in Israel or any time during his visit to Israel....then...Will he Declare himself the Antichrist????

Do you smell that stench.  It stinks of Iraq WMD's part 2. The definition of stupidity. Doing the same thing over &amp; over again and expecting different results.....

WHO CARES LET THEM KILL EACH OTHER OFF

2 TERMS.  Last by a landslide.  How does that make you Repubs FEEL?

The people of the mid east are just more reprobate minds that cannot be changed by murdering their leaders, Just as Christianity was not eradicated by murdering it's leader Jesus Christ.

I hope Mr. Obama steps off the jet, shakes hands with Mr. Netanyahu then slaps him in the face. Israel IS the main problem and Bebe is trying desperately to start ww3 while the USA is foolishly allied with Israel.

This is how the criminals in Washington work they creat the problem and come up with an excuse to intervine or meddle in other countries same thing as they did in Libya.Many before have sent taxpayer money. It's always boiling there.

Send Rodman...........................................

Sounds like t another vacation, maybe he can accomplish something in Petra, the rest is just PR

"His goal will be trying to keep the troubles, from Iran's suspected pursuit of a nuclear weapon to the bitter discord between Israelis and Palestinians, from boiling over on his watch."This sentence makes little if any sense. If we leave out the clause--'to the bitter discord between Israelis and Palestinians'--what is left is gibberish. Also, the 'from--to' thought leaves a lot of boiling territory to cover, or none at all. Just what other than nukes and discord is implied?

It's again, none of our business!!!  He doesn't even take care of the needs of this country, yet he thinks he can be Mr. Peacemaker over there!  He needs to get his priorities straight, and that should not be one of them.  Take care of this country first.  Those other countries have leaders that probably could handle things without Uncle Sam putting his nose in it!

Probably taking wife and children also. Time for another vacation.......

Good luck with that.

obama is the worst u s president since obama's last term

Obama will go down in history as one of our Greatest Presidents.

Obama's plan is to do nothing and let the next guy deal with it.Neocons trying to push us to war again based on their fear mongering. Speaking of which....why don't we hear much about your favorite Kurd con-man Ahmed Chalabi anymore??? Remeber him?? The one that you were pushing as your golden boy and called the "George Washington" of Iraq??? Have you heard that he is now suspected of being an Iranian agent????

Article is correct.  The president is just trying to apease or threaten Israel from attacking Iran's nuclear facilities.  He doesn't care that Iran will acquire nuclear weapons and then build or buy a deliver system that will endanger Israel and the mid east setting off a nuclear proliferation of all the countries in the region.  As long as the mushroom clouds are on another presidents watch he actually believes he and the democratics will have plausable deniability.  Very much like an ostrich with it head in the sand and its butt sticking out as a target.

He's doing such a great job of working across the alise in DC, I'm sure he'll do fine with Middle East politics.

I better not comment... It wouldn't be very nice.

This is the sign of the times. Our Government has also turned ANTI-CHRIST.Federal government describes a typical domestic terrorist,here are characteristics that qualify:*Expressions of libertarian philosophies (statements, bumper stickers)*Second Amendment-oriented views (NRA or gun club membership, holding a CCW permit)*Survivalist literature (fictional books such as “Patriots” and “One Second After” are mentioned by name)*Self-sufficiency (stockpiling food, ammo, hand tools, medical supplies)*Fear of economic collapse (buying gold and barter items)*Religious views concerning the book of Revelation (apocalypse, anti-Christ)*Expressed fears of Big Brother or big government*Homeschooling*Declarations of Constitutional rights and civil liberties*Belief in a New World Order conspiracy

Baloney. If he wanted to keep things from boiling over he wouldn't be selling fighter jets to the Muslim Brotherhood and stirring up things in Egypt and Syria. He is getting exactly what he wanted. He just wants to burn it all down.

No time to boil when it's vaporized in a nanosecond.Talk is cheap for a community organizer, action? he is still thinking on the Keystone pipeline!

US can not handle another war much bigger than Iraq one..

If Netanyahu believes his promise, then Israel is doomed. Obie will do everything possible to make Bibi believe that a nuclear Iran poses no threat. Obie will try to force his own pacifistic weak approach to events on Bibi and hopefully, Bibi'll see right through the b.s.

US aggressively pressured Israel not to attack Iran's nuclear facility although it is a clear and present danger to Israel and the rest of the world. Now when Iran almost has the nuke and will threaten Israel and US and the rest of the world, our President is going to Israel to: "His goal will be trying to keep the troubles, from Iran's suspected pursuit of a nuclear weapon to the bitter discord between Israelis and Palestinians, from boiling over on his watch" meaning -- trying to prevent Israel from damaging Iran's nuclear capability. The new defense guy installed by our President, Hagel, also is for Iran to get a nuke. What is going on here, it does not sound like it is in US interests.Netanyyahu, that  jew ZIONIST leader has Obama eating out of his hand.Never mind American`s critical problems, we will be ordered to fight yet another war for Zion Iarael and the bill,our dead solders, more hatred for America and a crushing bigger Debt to us and our children. ISRAEL IS THE ENEMY !!!!!

I don't understand why Obama is going to Israel. Are there some Big donors there that want to give him lots of $$$$cash$$$$.

All he has to do is slap Netanjewhoo once. That would be the defining moment in American foreign policy for a century to come. AIPAC, Sheldon A*sler, ACLU, Rothschild bankers, Bernie Madoff, etc. would get the message.

Americas enemies see a weak president, hell probably just go golfing again this week.

Send Rodman

Keep it from boiling over? That happened a long time ago, add BO to the recipe and the whole thing is #$%$

WHAT a damn FOOL..................................

Sending aircraft to Egypt won't help.

LOL AT YOU REPUBS.  The world loves Obama.  Jeez, the lies you tell for your party.

Obama's aim is to throw Israel under the buss in hopes the Muslims will then like us and quit attacking us. They won't. They're interested in either killing all the infidels in the world or converting them to Islam and ruling with Sharia Law. The Muslims have created a new form of fascism, Islamic fascism.Yes Obama...you must bow down and kiss the A S of America's Jewish hijackers. If you think for a second that you're gonna put America before Israel or our Jewish agenda; well then, we'll just rig more buildings for controlled demolition like we did on 9/11. Any questions Barack?

Let me get this straight......Israel, a country with HUNDREDS of nuclear weapons and the third largest Air Force on earth feels "threatened" if Iran gets a nuke???? Go eat a dck. We Americans have given enough of our taxes to support your thieving welfare state and we've given enough American lives for your Neocon machinations in Iraq. This time go fight your own wars. Your goy slaves are finally starting to wake up........

The true headline......"Osama Bin Obama Goes Home"

Obama will be kneeling in front of Netanyahu just like the Repubs do..

You cannot even script a more abysmal failure than Barack Obama on foreign policy, but the parasites who voted for this scoundral don't even care

Let's see how Obama screws up this visit, hope the Palestinian don't throw eggs at him.

Obama is CAUSING the middle east to boil over.

If this effort is as effective as other efforts the middle east will have exploded and rebuilt before he ever mentions it to the American people. His kissing cousins  buddies in the Muslim brotherhood will clean his clock before he can ever declare it is Bush's fault.

someone needs to remind Obama thats he is the President of the US, not the world

Obama aim: To cause just enough destabilization to Keep Mideast troubles from boiling over...WE NOW have A NEW BOOGEYMAN.....N KOREA.PROPAGANDA FILM coming out shows N Korea terrorists taking over Washington DC.It's called "OLYMPUS has fallen"...thats easily fixed, kick out the jews.

Obama is too busy planning his next vacation.

Please keep him in Israel.

Only teabaggers bend over to #$%$!!! Fight your own war with Iran by yourself!!❤OBAMA❤AMERICA FIRST!!

Hamass ordered obama to stay from the Temple Mount and like a good little muslim he will obey.

He screw The Pooch long ago on this topic folks . Anti Israel , The Arab uprisings that have given way to all Anti American feelings in The Mid-East . Wow all this from a guy who never held a job in his life and started with The Presidency . What a Resume . Spend all you can domestically . Spread The Wealth to all those who don't work . Make The World a more dangerous place by a total lack of understanding of how The World works .

I'm on the Obama/Biden diet. I keep a picture of them on my refrigerator door.

BS! his agenda is to get egypt to attack israel!!!!!

This loon in the WH is not qualified to be newspaper delivery boy, let alone a country.  How did we elect the incompetent moron?

HAHA!!!,,,CAUSE the entire Mid East turmoil by forcing the Islamic takeover , then have a 'goal' of trying to keep it from boiling over??!!! The 72 IQ Blakk Rheetard is a new breed of 'pathologically lying' RAT naqqer that can't even COMPREHEND truth, It lies so much.Jerusalem is not part of israel

if his aim was to prevent things from getting worse, then why did he show his face. all he does is infuriate a planet

Wana keep the peace in the Mid-east? .......Then may I suggest you impeach yourself....IMMEDIATELY!

Obama just wants to make sure his Muslim don't get taken out by Israel.

Obama's aim is to live "a dream from his father" and go to mecca and medina and kiss the saudi kings axx, promote islam, so we can have more islamic terrorists.

Take notice everyone looks at OBOZO as if he's a LYING SOS, enough to make you wonder, eh?

If Mittens won we would be in a major war in the middle east for Israel.

hell steer up fellow muslims moreons

did u see the new usa money,anthem,in allah we trust,one nation under mohamed what a moron skum he is,stay outta mideast u will only make it worse,like u ruined our economy $6 trillion he spent 1st term 2nd T $7 trillion till usa bankrupt 2nd G depression broke

Great, this guy is a joke. please resignDoes anyone take Obama serious anymore. 5 years later and what has he REALLY accomplished !

dur, .. dur, .... They don't call him .. 'PRESIDENT ZERO" ... for nothing!

the Obama is bubububu he talck  2 mash and do nithing

Arab spring brought to you by OBUMO turned the heat WAY UP.

God it would be wonderful if all the Obama haters would just all move to the Middle East. Maybe with all those hate filled boots on the ground over there they could find a solution.  Not much chance since they are all talk and no action.  There sure was a lot more to rage about during two Bush administrations, than anything Obama has done or not done. Republicans... what a bunch of wining creeps.

Pea head should stay home and keep the United States from boiling over. Now that's a thought !

He will only make things worse! This is such a mistake! Stop trying to save the world! Do the job you were elected to do. Stay home and play with your dog! That will save a couple million right there.

We need a foreign policy which explicitly states Cuba, Iran, and North Korea are NOT threats. And that the parasitic apartheid State of IsraHell gets ZERO in free cash and weapons.

he doesnt want to seek any resolution for this regions vexing problems

The wing nuts may predominate on Yahoo, but thankfully not in national elections.@ 'Lemming Herder', Um, have you figured out that you're one of the thousands of 'lemmings' who helped put this 'herder' in office ? He seems ok with giving away 100s of millions of our tax-dollars just so he looks ok to the very countries who want to see the U.S. destroyed. But then again, you're probably one of the very people who prior to 2008 had never voted before too. Lets just hope that this 'herder' succeeds in his endeavor to 'herd' his minions of morons over that cliff by the time he's finally ran out of office in 2016 so another fiasco like 2008 and 2012 can't happen again !

..And this P.O.S. and Kerry think that giving them 100s of millions of our tax-dollars is going to buy the solution. Congratulations to ALL the idiots who before 2008 who had never voted before, came out of the woodwork and crack-houses and even left their spot in line while waiting to sign up for their 'sucking on the Government teet' free hand-out check, just to vote this loser into office. How do you morons feel about him giving away, what you parasites to hard working Americans, money you think you're entitled to just because you're too lazy to go out and get one of those 1000s of jobs (that really aren't there) this loser said he'd get for you ? Just think, we have +3 more years of this turds generosity with our tax-dollars being given to other countries who would love nothing better than to see the destruction of our country...but hey, seeing as how thousands of clueless, color-led drones have helped put this Muslim (stated in his own words in his own book) in the best position to destroy this country from the inside out...Way to go, I look forward to saying "I told you this would happen !" and I am glad he can't run again in 2016 !

Iran is Israel's problem, not America's problem. Under no circumstance should America fight an Israel war.  Israel's problems are the sole property of Israel.

"Keep Mideast troubles from boiling over"??  The only way to do that is tell the Israeli warmonger that the tail isn't wagging the dog anymore. Enough is enough.  No more money, no more spies, no more AIPAC, no more special relationship that's like a maggot on the body of the U.S., and go and do your own g-d fighting instead of craving American blood to do it for you.

Lots of racist whiners posting on this article.Keyboard commandos posting from mommy's basement

oh god ! LOOK AT THAT GAY MONKEY FACE OF OBOZO

Yes, Mooslimes, you got to love them,In 1272- Arabic Mooslimes invented the condom using the lower intestine of a goat.In 1873- The British somewhat refined the idea by taking the intestine out of the goat first.

It's time to pull the plug on Israel.

Obama always makes me laugh, LOL :&gt;)

The obvious solution is a simple one.  Offer Israel a deal:  You stop being bullies (forced settlements etc) and we will protect you from your neighbors.  If you don't like that deal, then get by without US military aid.  Speak softly but carry a big stick,Isn't it a little too late for such rhetoric???........This pot has been boiling over for quite awhile......The remedy to simmer things down is to vacate the land of Israel from the Gentiles (Palestinians and the knockoff-J)e(ws).

That idiot can't keep the trouble from boiling over in his own country! Obammy will just try and humor the Jews, while trying to reward the Islamists.

And how about keeping America's troubles from boiling over?Double, double, toil and trouble;Fire burn and cauldron bubble. Double, Double toil and trouble;Something wicked this way comes!

After spending some time in Israel....THEY KNOW....OBAMA......DOESN'T....have their best interests at heart...!!!

If Obama labeled himself a republican rather than a democrat and had the same foreign policy accomplishments as now you fuckingmorons would be sucking hisdick like if he was reagan's reincarnation

Obama has to educate the US public about the Middle East and enlighten them about the suffering of the Palestinians as the US public is brainwashed by the corporate media.

If president Obama had any backbone he would force the right-wing zionist Netanyahu into negotiations with the Palestinians and demand the return of stolen land. Israel's crimes will backfire horrendously in the near future- the only honest solution is negotiated peace which the zionists do not want.

Two groups of people want the same piece of land. This is insane, is it not?

Why doesn't the Middle East care about American problems boiling over.?

O's 1st trip trip to Israel as Prez. Nuff said.""This is not about accomplishing anything now. This is what I call a down payment trip," " OK OK OK does this just #$%$ out knowing how bad things are here , balanced by what this will cost the us taxpayer vs. what we are getting in return.....could any of you get this result at work and still be able to get paid

obama (or osama?!?) is a mudslime and hates Israel.

As long as our President can keep out of an Israeli war, he's "ok" with us?

So sending money, arms, tanks, new fighter aircraft, and military hardware to unstable and volatile countries is working toward peace in the region, or even more bloodshed?

Roll CALL:If you would not vote for obama and save America today please click on thumbs down.If you would vote for obama and destroy America today please click on thumbs up.

obama's grand resolution to the middle east problem is to give egypt, the brotherhood of muslims, his brothers, another 250 billion dollars of taxpayers dollars and 100,000 pistols.  I wonder how many billions of taxpayer's dollars libya is receiving?  Israel better watch obama or he will throw them under the bus as he has done a few other countries that the brotherhood of muslims wants to control.  severe brain bleed of a few politicians is was is needed  to save this country from complete destruction.  obama is a muslim.  Israel better watch it's back.

Obummer couldn;t wip his ax without muchelle. freekin moron.

Let the Arab League deal with this mess.  A waste of time and money for the USA.

To keep it from boiling over, he needs to first, cut off all aid to Israel and then, to start moving the Jews back to their native countries in Europe.

Americonns are jew news brainwashed stupid ja$ka$$es!!Obama!!! Step up and tell the evil jew #$%$s to get f$%k!! And take america back!!!!!!

diplomacy and economic penalties to run their course, though Obama insists military action is an option.well done. because of this new term, from now on we won't hear " all options are on the table" - presumably that decades old table's legs have rotten and crumbling, ha ha ha. pls keep your options where you want to keep them while we go on enriching.

Quick reminder to piglickinkins...He defeated you.  Twice.  However, the law states that he will never again be allowed to run against you and defeat you again.  He can no longer humiliate you.  Get over him.  That is the good news.The bad news...If you think getting a beatdown from a black man was bad...just wait until a white woman kicks the ever loving repube out of you in 2016.  Good night now!

Imagine a weekold michelle obama ribfart after a night of ribs and colt 45's. Thats what gaza smells like.

Obama will lay a wreath at the grave of Thoedor Herzl......wish it was the other way around.

Hamass ordered obama to stay away from the Temple Mount and like a good muslim he will obey.

Obama is going to also have to devote a lot of time to addressing the concerns of the Israelis about the new power brokers in Egypt, most of whom the leader of the free world has as much as endorsed, funded and blessed, without ever once explaining his love of the Muslim Brotherhood to Egypt's Jewish neighbors.

2 wrongs dont make a right

the new Chimp in the zoo=Netanyoyo!

BREAKING NEWS! IRISH Rule America NOW! Happy St Patrick's Day!VIVA OBAMA!....WE R The 99%Mr President, I'm way boiled over too.

No more U.S. soldier casualties for Israel. Sorry no can't do.

The boiling point starts at Obama

Netanyahu was interfering with the US election. Trying to get a Republican elected. I hope Obama rreminds him of that.

the only "watch" Osama has (Obama) is on his wrist!

I don't care about Arabs or Israel. I just don't want our tax dollars going to either of them. Israel gets 3 billion a year. This is listed on Wikipedia.

Better get ready Israel.  Your on your own with this muslim brotherhood member in power.

Why does Barry seem more interested in jew problems than US problems?

Kaaaaa-BOOOOOOM!

The US  cannot even afford to cut grass of walk ways in its suburbs, homeless rate skyrocketing, jobless skyrocketing, murder rate skyrocketing... i mean come on AMERICA YOU CAN BE BETTER, spend the cash on your own people, and stop being corrupt.If Jesus was to come today, he would fight against Israel for its crimes against humanity

thats how you make a stew. keep it simmering and don't let it boil over. benghazi, bali, egypt, isreal, syria are the ingredients. bon apitite!

That has been the politics of it as long as I have lived (66 years).  Either they learn a way to get along or bomb them to oblivian!

if i was isreal i wouldnt believe word obama says he is appeaser and weak if isreal wants strike iran let them do it on their own. But dont sacrifice your secruity over this losers assurances because he throw allys under the bus before he does with enemies i mean other day i saw movie about north korea invading america with russians  i believe obama would leave us open for such possiblity and even if that happen he probaly surrender like little #$%$ that he is.

Police of the world has now 50 million on foodstamps and growing by 5000 per day..let's mind our own f0king business.

Smoking an electronic cigarette now. At least it's not taxed yet.

Keep them fighting locally against themselves... great plan me thinks!

they need to keep the monkey  over there we dont need him

If the citizens of this country are very lucky this will be a ONE way trip for Leroy obama the lying sack of garbage. Bury him with his muslim friends.

only trouble in the mid-east is Jew agenda..!!!Drag Leroy to the colliseum and feed him to the muslim pigs.

He's certain to get better treatment by the Palestinians than Bill Maher.

Ok while Obama is out of country as well as his little monkey...what's his name...can we just evict them from the white house? I mean I know Biden could probably slither under a rock and be okay. Obama can go back to Kenya and do wonderful. I hear there's a few countries needing a dictator. If we can manage to get Dumb and Dumber out of office before they start World War 3, I do believe we'll be lucky.

screw the middle east, most hate us and we send them money anyway ... we need to take care of our own

In the photo Netanyahu looks filled with hate and disgust that he must sit next to this black president. There is murder in them eyes. Be very, very careful Mr. President.

since WWII America has detonated OVER 1.000 nuclear weapons in the south seas. Do you really think all that RADIATION just went away?

Obama....;;;I  hope the israellite s  do not eat him up or maybe he will be eat aliveby ;...the .canbalizeamlism is there too..well here goes our troops off with him; I would refuse to protect him after all the americans did help to protect him..and now they  get a cut its a hog wash if I ever see one ....or may be they will do us all a favor.......hes asking for it stirring it all up in the first place ,,,u don't bite the people who protect you .......#$%$....

Obama needs to focus on the United States boiling over. I understand his "Islamic Brothers" are most important to him, but he needs to open his eyes and worry about what is going on under his nose instead of what's going on over seas.

It is a very good idea to talk to students, public and young people of both sides, and is appreciable for promoting peace. And about nukes, if one party "may be capable of making a nuke in future" became a matter of so much concern, then, the other party, who is already having a stoctockpile of nukes, must be a matter of far greater concern. Millions of people living around are worried about that too. The whole world will watch how fairly the matter is dealt with.

The uprise in Isreal will bring the two togather closer to peace.no need for concern, he and his muslim brother(s)hood have everything all planned out.

2016....PLEASE no more Hillary! God please no more Clintons. The most DISHONEST FAMILY in the entire United States." (Yea, I know the U.S no longer exists. 2005 The North American Union.) Thank you baby bush!

what scares me most is what will happen in 2016! When you see Arnold going for president, you KNOW it is ALL OVER for peace loving Americans. (the minority I know) sad but true. TOO many "Americans" seem to LOVE violence. As long as it is directed to people who cannot defend themselves!

I can hear it now. The first question out of Berry's mouth will be Netanwho?.

obummer should stop having his feces hole serviced by a boy friend.

This is just another vacation at tax payer's expense, to see place's he can recommend to his wife. "CAN YOU SAY DOUBLE TAXATION" without getting pi@#ed.

Just commit suicide and let it be over!

Yes, keep it from boiling over while doing everything possible to enable to make it boil over.  Brilliant foreign policy.

he hate jews but they sure do love him!!!!

..now at the Last Americans can get to know what Bolshevism was about. Kow Towing to a' Big Comrade. There will never be peace at Middle East till USA will sweep at its own porch. While previous administrations have got some pre-warped initiatives - the Obama pragmatically have Real Nothing - it will do the same. Interesting would bet to know what insight in his perspective on Welt gesselschaft has his Axlerod and Rahm Emanuel cronies?Our congress has always put Israel interests first at the behest of American people. We give Israel 3 billion in aid and what do we get in return? Israeli spies like Jonathan Pollard &amp; continous involvement in wars where we should not be in the first place.

oh.....ok....think that will happen.

Obama you are not God and you cannot solve the middle east problems not even satan can do that.

Reset all foreign aid to zero. America first, idiot.

nuke them all

That Jimmie looks #$%$!

Obama is a Sunni Muslim who supports the wahabies  he is a Spy commiting Treason warning warning he is with the taliban he is a Sunni Muslim impeach him get him out of the white house and replace him with Romny and Ryan Warning warning

Why isn't Barry interested in US problems?

Beta Israel Ethiopean jew.

US needs to spend budget at home instead of firing it abroad. The recent reports of spending 2.2 Trillion $ in Iraq war is a shock for a country witha fragile budget.. First home , pls!!He can't even help his own country from boiling over. What makes him think he can help anyone else.

obama is not a friend to israel or the jewish people. he treated Netanyahu very badly when he came to america. I hope israel treats obama like the slave he is when he goes to israel Palestinians out out out. Israel is for the Jewish people and obama is a black #$%$.

The incredible burdens of a president. And you racists and ultra-right wingers keep carping. Instead pray for OUR president &amp; that he make the right decisions

stay there. you are worthless as hell hear

In all honesty I offer my prayers and strength to my President &amp; Commander In Chief, May the Almighty God to whom we serve bestow Libert, PATIENCE&lt; Hope, &amp; Trust to the repect of US ALL? AMEEN

let it boil over,,  it has to happen

I don't lie, the Middle East.. Those fckers smell like camels poop. I hope Obama declare wars on Israel Iran Turkish whatever camel breathing country... Obama should be focusing money in his own backyard..

they need to put a parachute on him and then drop him off in the Mts of Iran.. he'll fit in just right over there...  give a 2 week supply of food and water.. he'll fit just perfect with the 'da brotherhood  over there..

He is also aiming to screw us all over BIGTIME!

Where are the American JOB'S ( Stupid )Obama is so full of shyite that his eyes are brown

Too late.

To all you neocons warmonger and zionists, just shut your trap. Not one of our presidents has been able to do anything about the Middle East. As long as israel keeps abusing their overwhelming power over the Palestinians and doing as they please, all the while getting billions of dollars from the U.S., there is no reason for them to negotiate in good faith and stop stealing land from the Palestinians.And to think that the jewish lobby buys off our politicians, republicans and democrats, with part of the same money that we send them year after year. If only we could just wash our hands of the whole Middle East and let them all do as they please to each other, without a penny or any support from us to ANY of them.

Heed O Israel the will of the Lord thy God. Suffer ye not the infidel to pollute thy people but drive them into the desert until they are no more and their names never again pass the lips of Man. Shalom and Amen.

obama i hope you the best and let the world know that you stand behind israel very strongly,i also want peace but sometimes it seems impossible to deal with irrational people,iran cant wait,it must be taken care of,theres too many lifes at risk,iraeli as well as american,you cant deal with hitler so lets take care of bussiness and than we can make a real peace

Palesinian muslims need to negotiate with HAMAS the occupier of there land not Iseael

There are sure a bunch of you troublemakers of the World on here today spewing  your hate and evil ways.

Israel is forever stirring the pot and will always be a problem.  Cut them loose!  The arabs were not our enemies before 1948.

Watson Institute says Iraq war already cost US B 2200 $ and still must be paid for !Imagine !   US is not able to handle another much bigger war..

Watson Institute says US already paid 2200 billion $ on Iraq... Obama is right saying US can not cover a bigger war on IranWatson Institute says "Iraq war" already cost US B 2200 $ .. more charges on the way.Obama is right believe a much bigger "war On Iran" is not wise.

The peace prize winning bozo has no clue what he is doing when it comes to foreign relations.

A recent Watson Institute research says US already paid 2200 Billion $ on "Iraq war" and still has to pay. Obama is right if believes" war on Iran" is not a good idea for fragile economy of America.He is the US president and is obliged to focus on US interests , first !

B.O......you will be treated and respected as you have done so to others...not gonna happen!!

Those are very telling words: "Don't expect to accomplish anything" and "A down payment trip"Indeed, don't do anything, and spend the money. Isn't that why America  in the position  it is?

Go ahead give israel more money , people in the usa in need for

your to late you IDIOT its been boiling over for the last 4 yrs what a dumb #$%$. this guy is on the wrong track every time.

A recent Watson Institute research says US already paid 2200 Billion $ on "Iraq war" and still has to pay. Obama is right if believes" war on Iran" is not a good idea for fragile economy of America.He is the US president and is obliged to focus on US interests , first !

A recent Watson Institute research says till now US paid 2200 Billion $ on Iraq war and still have to pay. Obama is right if believe" war on Iran" is not a good news for fragile economy of America.He is US president and is obliged to focus on US interests!

Those people arent gonna change, there is to many uncivilized citizens their...they just dont know how to act right, simple as that..keep mideast troubles from boiling over? leave the zionists pests to themselves. let them fight their own wars and the true winners will prevail

Don't worry about it till its to late. In the next 20 years there will be World war iii .

Obama is the crowned king of the USA.

It would keep this country from boiling over if this loser would simply disappear and take all of his political drones with him.

OMG!!!!!!!!!!  What total, brazen BS!!!!  This article itself is a reliable measure of the political ignorance common to Americans...nowhere else in the world could a presumed news outlet get away with publishing such lies.  Washington's lockstep commitment to financing and diplomatically protecting Israeli criminality and aggression is perhaps the single greatest destabilizing factor in the region, so--given the routine dictates of Washington propaganda---it is somewhat predictable that Obama would depict himself as an intermediary for "cooler heads".  Obama's convenient trip to Israel merely reinforces the conclusion of many that the U.S. will fold to the pressure of the Jewish lobbies who desire a proxy-strike on Iran. A disinterested observer might ask: what gives the U.S.---the only nation that ever resorted to using atomic bombs on a civilian population---the right to arbitrate which nations may possess nukes, and conversely, which one's may not?  Where are the UN sanctions against Israel for decades of belligerent non-compliance???  Or for that matter where are the sanctions against the U.S.???

Will stopping Iran from obtaining a nuke make Israel shut up?

Don't bother Obama, He's on VACATION on our dollar.

Obama should nuke Israel, if he did he would be regarded as the greatest leader of all time

Hint, maybe you should read the history surrounding the U.S. and Israel.  All you cowards sit on these sites and complain about  the U.S. president, our government and Jewish people.  Israel has the right to protect their country, their citizens no matter who or what  tries to get in the way.  Israel will never fall by their own and if it comes down to it, what ever country that dare challenge them will feel the wrath.  You let the first nuclear blast land anywhere in Israel, then world War 3 just started.  This incident will be followed by a complete Isralie nuclear offensive on the middle east and parts of Africa to protect the remaining Jewish citizens.  Do believe that the fall out will not remain just there, but will hit world wide within weeks.  Then you will be complaining about that next.

Obama might have more leverage if the traitorous Reeps would stand behind him. But, as far as they are concerned he needs to go, no matter what it does to us or the world.American economy has been crippled due to Jews like Bernie Madoff and the warmonger political action committees like AIPAC. Now we know why all through history Jews have been persecuted in all nations of the World.

"Obama's visit to Israel may quiet critics in the U.S. who interpreted his failure to travel there in his first term as a sign that he was less supportive of the Jewish state than his predecessors." I suggest the Jewish lobby should sponsor an amendment to the constitution, that every president of the U.S should bow to the King of Israel. And The oath to the office of the president should be changed to include a phrase, I shall protect Israel with all the children of the U.S and all their treasures..

My tax dollars going to these blood sucking j*w mother f---ke-rs.

We just let illegals go free because we couldn't afford to deport them..and this human waste o'bumba want's to start another war with a country that has done nothing to this terrorist country.

This is a great opportunity for President Obama to lay down the law with Israel. Segregated bussing should sound familar to our President. Israel practices apartheid because of Jewish only settlements, separated roads, military enforced checkpoints, discriminatory marriage laws for Palestinians only, the West Bank barrier, threat of lethal force, use of Palestinians as cheap labor with little worker safety rights, Palestinian West Bank enclaves, inequities in infrastructure, limited legal rights, and access to land and resources between Palestinians and Israeli residents in the Israeli-occupied territories depend on Israeli wants and not Palestinian needs. This same system was seen in the South African apartheid regime. It's time to change Israel for the better.

AMERICA IS DEAD .and only thing that is replacing americans are more illegal threats and hidden terrorist....this president must be killed

OR GO TO JAIL ANWAYS

REVOLT AND MURDER

STEAL FROM AMERICANS AND GIVE TO THE WORLD

I don't believe Obama will be able to snooze the middle-east like he did the American voter.The picture with this article is scary. It looks like Netanyahu is food lusting over Obama's jugular. He is, after all, a vampire zombie sent to crash and burn the world; pure evil; spawn of satan.

Obama hates his counterpart and why not, after all he is a big fat liar. Remember?

Israel, fight your own wars! We have sacrificed enough American blood already.

Only yahoo has the most republican idiots...

Devil meets evil, seeking for world peace.

i wonder when natanyahoo is going to order the attack on Iran.

Obama and team do not have the ability or the intellect to do anything about the Middle East.  His WH has spent 4 years only concentrating on screwing the middle class,  lying about issues and blaming other people for things he has caused.  I can not for the life of me figure out how he got reelected, His 1st 4 years were a total failure, and only helped bury the middle class, while his Admin. is made u of ex wall street CEO's.  Uneducated voters should have at least read the facts and quit being told how to think.   30 and under voters, wake up Obama isn't going to help you, and in fact is destroying  this country.

The Israeli's can see through Obama's bag of air. Too bad American's can't.

Mean while back in the US...everything else is boiling over.

Cut offfrom this Ashkenazi TURD called BIBISomewhere, a Georgia peanut farmer is smiling...

Obama is an international embarrassment...

Lets see Air Force One 175.000.00 an hour to run plus secret service not to mention motorcades, aids and who knows what else. All on the American Tax payers dime to accomplish nothing. It is all a show. Plus who the hell is Obama to think that any Middle Eastern leader is going to listen what he has to say.

"Obama aim: Keep Mideast troubles from boiling over"I think it is a little late for that after all look at all the countries effected by "The Arab Spring" and it is still going on.

He went their to check on his house that we pay for. He needs to make sure his ape wife has her cage put in place for her to sleep in.

Hope they have a drone for his dumb #$%$. He than would know how we feel about drones he wants to use on us here in the USA. IN GOD WE TRUST. Not bababababa he believes in.

A question: Is it Obama's black half or his white half that is screwing all of us?

Hey Obama, show us your a MAN and Smack that ckskr Nutanyahoo in the fkg Mouth

Hey America, your dictator is Isreal's slave, how does it feel?

"His [Obama's] goal will be trying to keep the troubles, from Iran's suspected pursuit of a nuclear weapon to the bitter discord between Israelis and Palestinians, from boiling over on his watch"Now it becomes obvious - Obama's unstated goal is containment of Iran, the very goal he denied two days ago. Keep in mind - this "news" article is really Julie Pace injecting her opinion into what should be news. She has unwittingly revealed the Liberal's ultimate policy goal in the Middle East.  Good for you, Julie, I'm sure B.O. appreciates this.O'dumba going lick j*w balls..that's what americans are good at.

World peace first then your favorite country.

Glad Americans are loved on that side of the globe!

israel controls america

#$%$ YAHOO .....its a site for idiots truly

STOP SUPORTTING THE MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD

bytchslap netanyahjew

I am boiling over OBAMA!!

Do they have any golf courses in Israel?

obama just wants to keep things from boiling ? hah! is that why he's been invading sovereign nations air space, and drone bombing their citizens? obama has created 50 times more "terrorists" , than he's killed. israel as, an american ally, has been demonized along with the u.s. barry soetoro is a puppet of the industrial military machine, nothing else. i hope this POtuS, and his family, gets a taste of his drone murdering.JFK was pushing for inspections into Israel's nuke program.

Obama should be going over there for one thing, and one thing only:  To pull the plug.US taxpayer direct investment in Israel:..............$150 BillionReturn on above investment:..............................$ -7 TrillionIsrael's been a bad play.   A very bad play.-S/T

@PrivyIdiot he was voted because he was the best man for the Job and his race nor did affirmative action had anything to do with it.

@IMRedYou know 30 Americans survived the attack, right? I mean, I know Fox News and the right-wing like to sensationalize the 4 that died in Benghazi, but you can't say "nothing" was done if there were survivors.Furthermore, you have Obama's answer, if you'd like to know how his orders translated to what happened on the ground there's this thing called "following the chain of command" that you might be interested in.﻿

white people your vote means nothing, your comments mean nothing, YOU mean nothing. you may start speaking again in 2017

NO, Barry's going to the Mid-east since he gave up on making peace withthose tea-party Republicans in Washington...and to read Israel the riot act...

In the photo, it looks like he "colored" his /igger hair again to hide the grey

never a better time to get out of america before rockets start flying.

Folks, here is what's going to happen:  Barry will be assassinated by Mossad on this trip.  The jew-owned media will tell you it was Iran.  Bing, bang, boom....jews get everything they want.It's called a FALSE FLAG and Israel has a long, heavily documented history of staging them.

Headline should have read "Zionist puppet in charge says we must keep fueling wars and relgious strife but not enough that we can't control it anymore".Wanna keep mideast from boiling over???Stop Saudi Arabia from exporting its extremist islamic wahabism ,dismantle those already existing in western countries under the guise of western 'tolerance'  and ship back all their staff to Saudi Arabia where they belong and the world would have peace.Period

these president needs to be killed ........who will help the help to do this no one. even americans are cowards.americans are cowards they must be killed first that wont kill something that is killing them every day.doesnt make sense....STEAL FROM THE AMERICANS AND GIVE TO THE WORLD&gt;&gt;.

Every country UNDER the sphere of influence of USA has known no peace!!! AND US IS UNDER THE INFLUENCE OF JEWISH LOBBY!!! AM I WRONG?

Good for our President. If it was up to GOP leaders like Mc Cain we would be at war with every one in the mid-east that looked at us crosswise.

Its amazing how the president of a super power has to travel 8000 miles to bend over and get orders from this small country called Israel  that is living off our taxes.

define your legacy, Obama! do away with world criminal Israel!

None of them want peace in the middle east

He should be concerned with keeping problems here in the states from "boiling over," because Feinstein and other demoncrats are trying to start another Revolutionary war.

to all those criticizing a strategically needed US president's trip to the Middle East before it even begins..... you are phonies with an agenda, who most likely couldn't even place Israel on a global map if your life depended on it.  Do yourselves a favor and get educated (or educate yourselves) before bringing further embarasament to yourselves.

He needs to worry about his own countries troubles....not that him being here makes any difference...so pi__ed off that this jack #$%$ is spending money on a trip when school children are not allowe  tours of the White house cause he has to act like a brat.....he is just evil...I don't think even his Muslim brotherhood will be glad to see him...this trip will not deflect the American people....he just wants a change in subject....I think he will go down as the most disliked President of all time...the hated welfare PresidentAt least he's trying to stop the violence from spreading to the U.S.Support him or not, he is your president.

Hopefully he will never come back to the US and just go back to Africa where he came from

Obama aim: fuel the flames of the mid east conflict by arming terrorists to overthrow governments

Let the strong prevail and negotiate with them. Quit supporting weak resistance Obama you anti-sematic Jew hater lmao.

Sure, Israel is such a great asset to the US. Their agents in the Pentagon and in Bush's administration suckered the US into invading Iraq, which in the end will have cost the US over 2 trillion dollars -- not to mention thousands of American and Iraqi lives.Even the Israelis admit that Iraq was invaded for the benefit of Israel. Google the article "White Man's Burden" in the Israeli paper Haaretz" to read all about it.

Israel did 911, NYC = Jewish media psyop.

obama just cleaning up bushes mess period

Obama taking along a large bag of our money.

BB gun, is a thug...!

How many of you phony conservatives have reduced your addiction to foreign oil?Maybe this defines the neos -- the belief that fundamental injustice could be effectively contained by media, economics and police. It's inconsequential because their vision is inherently flawed; too bad, conservatives (fascists). Look over there! Time has passed you by &amp; your ideals are decayed.

I predict that Mossad will assassinate Barry and blame it on Iran.The world knows jews are desperate and will stage a false flag soon.  It's expected.

Most anti Obama posts here are from our Zionist friends in a call center in Israel. They do not reflect the true state of the American mind. Good night and thanks for playing.

Netanyahu hates America. Israel y u bomb USS Liberty, huh?

look at the schmirk on the jews face, makes sick. Why do americans suck their a.s.s.e.s again?

So the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu wants U.S.A. to annihilate Iran.With all the millionaires and billionaires Jews in the Country and around the World; why aren't they providing Israel with the best protection, instead of having U.S.A. risking a Nuclear encounter with Iran and the rest of the FANATICS MUSLIM Middle East countries, like Pakistan and India. This two have nuclear arms, and yet U.S. maintain "their friendship" by PROVIDING THEM WITH $$$$$MILLIONS$$$$$ IN ASSISTANCE, when it has been proven that they hate U.S.A.

I wonder if fat Bibi will take Obama to the spot on the Sea of Galilee where the Kansas Congressman Keven Yoder, in a drunken stupor, jumped in naked.  It wasn't just Mr Yoder who shirked his responsibility to his unemployed and hungry constituents by sneaking off to Israel.  There were 81 of them in all, most were likely almost as drunk as he when he temporarily "splashed" the headlines.The Jewish controlled US media kept all this scandalous news to an absolute minimum.-S/T

The sure way to fix the "boiling over" problem, as well as any problem is to fix the ROOT CAUSE.In this case, its very simple....     Israel..-S/T

The headline and premise of this puff piece is utterly ridiculous. Boil over..indeed! What do you call the invasion torture and subjugation of Iraq? A slow simmer?  The USA in its blind and possibly unconstitutional support of Israel (if it is based on religious grounds Promised Land myth and dogma Jewish God same as Christian God even though ironically Jews reject Jesus) is to blame for most of the turmoil in the region.

If Isreal falls, God will destroy the world. Just so everyone knows this.I know....give them more money..

"Money is the god of the Jews, and Rothschild is his prophet."