14-year-old Nadine, goes even further. When asked why it is important to know the language of one’s enemy, she responds confidently, “To attack them, because we must know how they think, how they talk about us.......wonder how many of the future freedom fighting Palestinian teenagers think along the same line?

They are not teaching Hebrew so that they can udnerstand the Jews. They know it enhances their economic situation if they speak Hebrew. There are job opportunities.

The BEST thing these children can be taught is PEACE!

Its not open minded when you call them your enemies.

Israelis have been learning Arabic in their schools for over 60 years.

Now, if Palestinians would only extend the thirst for knowledge beyond how to make a suicide vest or speak even Hebrew to get it to an Israeli school bus, and learn science, humanities, history.... there would be no need for suicide vests and wars and fanatical religious dogma.

What a commentary.This young Arab girl says, she wants to learn Hebrew so she can attack the Israelis.Israeli Jewish children who study Arabic in school, say that it is wonderful to know languages, in order to be able to converse with people. and to be able to get around in foreign countries.What a world this is.

To be one nation it is always best to have one language.

Yes, Hamas has now convinced me that they are "open minded terrorists". Even the 14 year old girl terrorist states that it is for the purpose of defeating "the enemy".

Spies are no good if they don't speak the language.Hopefully, Palestinians who want to learn Hebrew is for good intentions, and not for bad intentions.

“[Israel is] more developed than us, so we can get benefits out of it – in terms of science, in terms of culture,” ....I like this statement. It contradicts what the muslims and muslims convert here in the US that portrays Islam is a cure all for all ills of society and will improve life.I appreciate the honesty of this man.

Palestinians learning Hebrew? HMMMMM. Maybe they'll learn two new words...peace and love? But I wouldn't count on it.

“This is also to prove to the rest of the world … that we are open-minded, even to teach our ENEMY'S language in our schools.”This is a statement is from a person whose mind is controlled by islam. Still no chance of living in harmony.

that's Hot...

There is no mention of how many Israelis ( and jews throughout the world ) speak Arabic fluently.

i guess they want to be understood when they hurl curses against the jews nothing else has worked for them

Erev tov!Hey, now I know as much Hebrew as those palestinian kids.

BS.  Every few months there is a story about how palestinians are advancing.  But, it never happens.

Interesting story. The great hope, of course, is represented by Gazan man named Daniel Fares - but the great danger is represented by that 14 year old Gazan girl. During the last infitada, there were a few Fatah trained Hebrew speaking terrorists - they really scared Israel's security forces. Think about it - if they look like Israelis and speak Hebrew without an accent, they have the potential to kill a great many people. Tod Zuckerman.If this enables them to watch Israeli television, I'll bet a lot of them will be shocked to discover that there isn't any anti-Palestinian programming on it like there is anti-Israeli programming on Palestinian television. Particularly in the milieu of children's programs.

So an ugly story told for both sides.  The jewish girl who dropped chocolate and was told only an arab would pick it up.  Luckily the arab was able to speak hebrew to say that shouldnt be said as it only spreads hate.  I wonder who corrected the 15 yr old girl who said the only reason to learn hebrew was to attack jews...oh thats right, no one.  She probably got a few bonus points on her quiz for saying that.

It's called infiltration.

They are cowardly muslims, never ever trust a muslim.

Always good to know what your perceived enemy is thinking. If you speak the language, you have a better handle on what they really mean when they talk amongst themselves. Grandparents used to switch to their native language when they didn't want the kids to know what they were discussing.

That is again proved that palestinians can't develop economy of their own and depend on Israel for livelihood.

“This is also to prove to the rest of the world … that we are open-minded, even to teach our enemy’s language in our schools.”We are so open minded, that we even want to read their rocket-science manuals!

I believe what 14 year old Nadine said when asked, Why learn Hebrew? She said, "To attack them, because we must know how they think, how they talk about us."===================================================================As CHRISTians, that is followers of CHRIST JESUS, though we are here on this Earth dwelling in this fleshly housing, we do not have to war after the flesh: for the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but Mighty through GOD to the pulling down of strongholds. Thank THE LORD JESUS for THE SPIRIT OF THE LIVING GOD that dwells within us, to teach, warn, comfort and guide us through this life to EVERLASTING LIFE with THE LORD : )

LMAO...end comment.

Amazing how we always find a way to make our lives, and the lives of our children, more difficult. Shouldn't be this hard.I though perhaps they might want to learn EBONICS.

If most of the Gazan terrorist men would spend more time in Israeli prisons, it would give them a first hand education in Hebrew.

They only need to learn two words - I surrender

Like everything else, palestinians are going to use it to murder people.

get off Israel's land

its just a language

Of course yahoo slants the article to make it look like they want to learn Hebrew to foster cooperation, when really they want to learn how to be more effective terrorists. Pathetic.

When the Romans were in charge of the Middle East, everyone had to learn Latin. Now that the Israelis are in charge, everyone has to learn Hebrew. Another point: how many American schoolkids do you know, who are studying Chinese? But there are tens of millions of Chinese schoolkids studying English. "When in Rome, do as the Romans do."

Build schools not hate. Than your people can prosper without worrying what someone else has. They would have it to.

15 children and living in a refugee camp, and of course now unemployed.  The first word he should have learned in both Hebrew and Arabic is: C-O-N-D-O-M.It appears that Hamas is becoming more realistic than liberal Jews.

How long before the Palestinians declare that Hebrew is actually Palestinian in origin?  Everyone knows the palestinians were the original owner of the language and everyone else should stop using it immediately or face another intifada.

given that israel is illegally taking Palestinian land, the Palestinian people will be in a great position if they know Hebrew...wonder if israelis even deign to learn Arabic?

Oh, come freaking on.  These are MOOslums (or wanna-be's anyway).  When they do something, there is always an ulterior motive.  Could it be that they just might get closer with a bomb if they're speaking Hebrew instead of that pigsqueak language of theirs?

As long as they are studying and not killing Israelis this is blessed.

A Palestinian State's leading trade partner would have to be Israel. So this shows a healthy realization of that fact.

I pray that this isn't some way that the PA's will find a way to trick Israel into a false covenant with them.

Living in America, I am fortunate as a Jew not to be brought up hating any race or religion. In fact, one of the nicest people I ever met is a Palestinian Immigrant. Hate and war only brings tears and death. I hope we all learn to appreciate and love eachother. Lets find a lasting and equitable peace between Jews and Arabs. For the sake of our children and for the sake of the world.

And Israel is supposed to make peace with people who learn their language to attack them.  You have Hamas, who has sworn to destroy Israel claiming that “We don’t have strategic plans or political plans out of it,” he says. “We don’t have any other ideology in our mind.”But the people learning the language stating that “To attack them, because we must know how they think, how they talk about us.” And that's from a 14 year old girl.So explain how there can be peace with these people - there are no Israelis in Gaza any more!

Sad the Palestinians are viewed as the bad people when there land was stolen by the same people that were dancing on a nearby building when 911 happened. These people were the ( Dancing Israeli's ) 5 of them dancing having a good ol' time, high fiving each other, filming this horrific event while good Americans went down perished in concrete rubble.Can someone please translate this into Hebrew? "UN Resolution 181 Segregation Pact is a terrible violation of Human Rights. 65 years of Askenazi occupation and settlements upon the Land of Palestine, 65 years of forced evictions and ethnic-cleansing against the native Palestinian people, 65 years of heavy militarization through the support of American tax dollars and Military Industrial COMPLEX to suppress and murder countless scores of native Palestinian men, women and children just so the Askenazis can receive the next coming of the Messiah amounts to severe CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY. Please FREE PALESTINE and stop belching all this anti-China propaganda and Islamo-phobia."Thank you.

Hebrew is a beautiful language. I think it's the most beautiful one.

"This is also to prove to the rest of the world … that we are open-minded, even to teach our enemy’s language in our schools.”  -  Please don't any of you people in the middle east every call youselves open minded.

MECCA LECCA HIGH, MECCA HINEY HO ?

What is the border of Israel and why can't they live inside it?

Hebrew and Arabic are the same language , the same origin. Why is this a news?

Actually read this paragraph.   Its messed up“[Israel is] more developed than us, so we can get benefits out of it – in terms of science, in terms of culture,” says Mohamed Suleiman Abu Shqair, the deputy minister of education in the Hamas government. “This is also to prove to the rest of the world … that we are open-minded, even to teach our enemy’s language in our schools

Palestinians are muslim and christian. I keep seeing posters refer to Islam when talking about Palestinians. In egypt, syria, lebanon,jordan you have christian arabs.

if the motive is wholesome then I think its a good omen for the Palestinians.

Wise decision:imitation is better than jealousy!Anything to get the people talking to each other, instead of fighting, is a great step forward.By the way, am I seeing double? It seems to me that a paragraph was repeated. By the way, am I seeing double? It seems to me that a paragraph was repeated.

"Hamas, which is designated by Israel and the West as a terrorist organization."...and which itself champions violence against Israel, pretty much corroborating that designation."In fact, some suggest that the intent is more to understand the enemy."Actually, they don;t suggest it.  The article actually quotes several who say this openly.

Some commenters point out that students in Israel study Arabic and try to suggest that it is done for some neighborly reason. The Israelis do not study Arabic because they want to help Arabs or be friends with them. Simply, it helps the country grab Palestinian land and manipulate Arabs to be able to understand their media and deal with them in Arabic.

First of all, Palestinians have to learn phrase "No more war no more bloodshed" in Arabic language...

open-minded??and imediatelly after, they say the language of our enemy??, you fanatic maggots are your own enemy, what a #$%$ culture

Many middle-aged Gazans know Hebrew well, since they spent years working in servitude in Israel  while being screwed by the Israeli government.

In time new generations look at things differently.  Wouldn't it be great if the rabelrouser Arabs would see that becomming friends with Israelis would benefit them in the longrun. I have read that in israel, the govt owns all the land. Come to think about it, none of us in America own our land.  We pay taxes and build on the land, but we just use the land for a time.  When we die, we can pass the use of the land on to someone else. The land is in a state which is part of the federal govenment.

shut the #$%$ up christian science monitor. you are an invalid news source. and you are illegally trying to shape american opinion. you are fully owned and operated by the 1%. and your message no longer has validity. sort of like the vatican.

Eventually leaders of radical movements have to succumb to the harsh economic realities that face them when their constiuents live in continuous poverty and a war zone, or they will be replaced by new leaders. Expect this to happen in Iran eventually. The mullahs and secular leadership eventually have to respond to the needs of the people. Radicalism can only be sustained for so long.

This is great. During the end times, when the 140,000 Jewish witnesses begin preaching the Gospel to the unsaved, the Palestinians will turn to Jesus and be saved.This really is good news!The irony is astounding..Palestinians (native Semites) speaking Hebrew (a Semitic language), a language more related to theirs than a bunch of European Ashkenazi outcasts who know Hebrew yet have no Semitic background.

Next thing these Palestinians will do after learning the Hebrew language is to read the Torah!

I think they're doing it to schmooze with the skinnier and better looking Israeli women.

Given the fact Gaza Palestinians are Islam's version of illiterate street bums, the claim they now speak Hebrew should be taken as they say "with a grain of salt."

First smart idea I've heard so far. Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.

Any body else feel like they are in the twilight zone when reading this article?

Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.....

Next the Palestinian's will want bagels with belly lox and cream cheese--then learn a littleYiddish on the side, too.

I Praise the Palestinian People for their endurance against such an ungodly existence.  They have now power in this cruel situation.  To say they are all terrorists are words of a bigoted, uneducated, fool.  Israel does not want to give back any of the land they murdered and robbed for.  Palestinians some 6 decades later are being blamed for a situation they never created.  As a Palestinian about the KEY if you have the gut and character.  The key is to the front door of the homes that people were told to leave "for a short time".  Their property was stolen and homes demolished.There is talk of peace before President Obama arrives this week.   Next weeks headlines will go back to more aggression by Israel troops.Save your imbecilic responses,  I don't read them.

get your #$%$ off the front page news. it is propaganda at its highest. america strongly believes in a palestinian nation, no matter what you say. unchristian science monitor.“I don’t want to guess or imagine,” he says, “but if the two people do recognize each other, this will be a normal thing.”I always I hear this phrase form the palestinas, but I always hear from the Israeli this phrase: This our land and the palestinas should go to Egypt or Jordan.

Arabic is a mandatory language in Israel and is the second official language of that country.  Gaza is catching up.

wow...Hamas seems to be more moderate these days...they stopped supporting Assad, they ordered militants to stop firing rockets from its territory, they closed underground tunnels

Regardless of the motivations this can only be a good thing in the long run.

The Palestinians know that after they take over Israel they will need someone to run the government businesses and maintain the infrastructure. They don’t want to live in a ghetto like Gaza and the West Bank forever.

not suprised palestians are real semits, not like the european invaders that happen to follow the religon judism

i was having fun reading the story until the last part... disgusting tribal mentality...

Arabic should be taught seriously in all Israeli schools and it should be mandatory.

The government in Gaza-HAMAS- is an Israeli organization. Israel funded them after created them in early 80's to fight Palestinians. That's why they are teaching Hebrew to their slaves in Gaza.

There goes that American m,yth again: The wonderful and innocent "flower children" dancing around in their Kibbutzim, wanting nothing but a good life in a vast, empty tract of desert (which they made bloom, by the way).  And these evil gremlins, Palestinians, who could just as easily live in Cairo, going after them.Palestinians are enlightened people of middle east. Hamas has decided a positive point. Languages and cultures are signs of  Almighty God.

Sure it is for culture . He meant to say it's so they can further infiltrate the Zionists pigs government and culture and destroy it from within. Sure Hamas. If they were really teaching Hebrew for cultural purposes there would be a riot in Gaza. Muslims think the world is stupid.

“[Israel is] more developed than us, so we can get benefits out of it – in terms of science, in terms of culture.”Science maybe, but culture is a culture of violance, fundamentalism and arrogance de-humanizing the oppressed indigenous people. !

“This is also to prove to the rest of the world … that we are open-minded, even to teach our enemy’s language in our schools.”All it proofs is that you are not looking for peace, but only fighting an "enemy"

My great great etc Grandfather owned Gaza after the great crusades, he was in the Knights Templar, Bernard Tremelay.

Now. maybe they can find it in their little heads that they can make peace with Jews and it's not necessary to make Jews leave the area simply because they are the wrong religion.  Eliminate Palestinian racism and hatred, than there will be peace.

'perennial refugees' who keep crying on the shoulder of the word and want sympathy for themisery that they have brought upon themselves.   Hey! stupid palarabs . .you have a shortage of Hebrew teachers?  . .there are plenty in Israel who I am sure would be willing to teach your children Hebrew. Of course it would require that you guarantee their safetyand protect them from being harmed. But then that would be a 'logical' approach; but theword 'logical' does not exist in arabic.

For all the Muslo-#$%$s out there, here the famous quote : Haevareheha evarech ve hamekaleleha aor.

how can you respect the palarabs who are living in Gaza which was voluntarily given up by Israel and is therefore not a so-called 'occupied territory' and yet after all these years they are still in 'refugee camps'.I thought you are no longer a refugee if you are in your own territory that you claim as part of your 'palestine'. Somewhat of a contradiction wouldn't you agree. If hamas-controlled Gaza is still a refugee camp then you still have a 'refugee mentally' whichhamas seems to want to maintain. It is certainly also a reflection on the failure of hamas to bring the arabs out of their decadent state of existence. How pathetic.

What is Terrorist Islamic version of Hebrew. The young Camel Girl will be hunted down like a Camel. Arabs and Islamics are negative so I think that their learning of Hebrews should be Hebrews for Stupid Lazy Arabs. The Terrorist edition. Hamas needs to be nuked.. Why can't we get rid of the cancer in both Gaza and Ramalah.they want to learn to be cheap to hahhaa

you know,i am not overly familiar with the total politics of these parties outside of all the negative that goes on and is reported by our liberal news.but you would think that there would be some sort of comprimise to all the death they force themselves to live with.why can,t they create a state that is part of the isreal.and work together to form a nation of people instead of a country seperated by ideologies.build a better nation and become neihbors instead of enemies.

Isn't that a nice thing??

Translation: We want to learn Hebrew so we can infiltrate the enemy and spy on them. Also we would not employ an actual Israeli citizen to teach our children Hebrew, because Gaza is an apartheid state and Jews are not allowed there. Therefore, there is a shortage of Hebrew teachers (in a land where 99% of the population speak the language).

If they truly had peaceful intentions Hebrew would have been taught to them as babies and grown up with it.They are learning it for a darker reason. When have you ever heard of an Arab doing anything not motivated by death or revenge. My son learned his second language because when he was very little I spoke to him in English and his mother in Spanish. He now speaks both without an accent.

Learning any language other than english is a waste of time.  It's good everywhere.

she adds, “As we say, if you know the language of the other nations, you will protect yourself from their hatred and evil work.”Too bad she doesn't "know" her own language yet.

These Gaza students might sign-up for the Hebrew classes, but they will learn at the rate of a 3rd Grader in the US, and will drop-out of class after they fail the first pop-quiz.

So they can infiltrate Israeli society and do more harm.

Because he speaks Hebrew, he understood what the mother said when the girl leaned over to pick it up: “Don’t be like the Arabs.”Common Israelis attitude."...the language of our enemies..." and we somehow think we can fix the problems of this region.

You got to wonder if another reason to teach Hebrew to the Gazans is to facilitate infiltrating terrorists into Israel; speak Hebrew and you go unnoticed.Trojan Horse ???

Those khazar jew animals need to be put to death!