But if a Canadian company buys US pharmaceuticals at less than what the drug companies charge US customers and then sells them back into the US for a net savings to the US customer, that's illegal? How do they justify the distinction?

Once a product is sold, the manufacturere or copy right holder loses all control of it's resale as long as it's not copied or remanufactured, but sold in it's original form. The same holds true with music or movie cd's. You can't copy or reproduce it, but you can resell it in it's original form.

Heres an idea, stop hitting american consumers over the head in prices, for goods that you sell pennies to the dollar in other places. Maybe instead of manufacturing these products out of country produce them here. Making the product cheaper and eliminating this problem.

If the product was legitimate (i.e. no copyright infringement) in the country were is was 1st sold what difference does it make were it is resold?  What's the issue with foreign made, lots of items sold in the country are foreign made?

Books? My daughter's college went to e-Readers. Every one has a Kindle or Nook. Buy the e-Reader, then $50 a Semester for all of your text.

"The ruling for Kirtsaeng will send a tremor through the publishing industries, harming both U.S. businesses and consumers around the world. Today's decision will create a strong disincentive for publishers to market different versions and sell copies at different prices in different regions. The practical result may very well be that consumers and students abroad will see dramatic price increases or entirely lose their access to valuable U.S. resources created specifically for them," claimed the industry hack.No it won't.  Publishers sell wherever they can find a buyer.  They sell for as much as they think they can get in a given market.  They will continue to do so, even if a few copies of some work they sold cheaply overseas manage to find their way back to be sold at Costco.  The people buying such works at Costco were unlikely to buy these things at all at much higher prices... the publisher's aren't losing a thing.

I was only a pretend copywrite lawyer, but I don't even see the publisher's arguement.

I would wait until it came out in paperback.

I fully support this decision.  I often say that college tuition and textbooks are the two biggest scams in education.  I often buy my textbooks online, especially if it is an international version.  I just bought the international version of a CISCO book for $25, inclusive of shipping.  That same book in college bookstore is over $100.I recently withdrew from a college course because of a textbook issue.  In February I visited the college bookstore to get the textbook information for a particular course (sticker said, "all professors").  Went home, ordered the book online, got it delivered.  One week before the course is to begin, the Instructor posts the syllabus online,  with a different textbook which cost $125 minimum online.  No way was I wasting that amount of money for 8 weeks of online instructions.

This is actually potentially very harmful to poorer countries.  If this practice becomes commonplace due to this ruling, the publishers will move to a universal pricing scheme, which will make access to high quality education materials for people in poor countries difficult.That opens the door for US brand name Pharmaceuticals manufactured overseas to be resold in the US.

Of course publishers and such won't like this ruling. Just about every mega corporation uses the US to subsidize the cheaper sales to other countries. This country pays more for things so that other countries can pay less. Just like medications, the US pays a hefty price because a majority of countries limit what they can charge. The US doesn't limit prices so they charge more here because they sell things less other places. I would love to see all those people who like to bash the US if the US limited what companies can charge. They would be up in arms when companies stopped making drugs or forced their government to charge more. They say they don't need the US but without us paying such high prices they would be stuck.