Independent thinkers bail out of his administration.  Only puppets find it rewarding to stay.

WHO  SAYS YOU CAN'T BUY  GOVERNMENT JOB WITH OTHER PEOPLE'S MONEY?

Good job taking care of the country, Obama.  Thinking about nominating one of your top fundraisers, Penny Pritzker, to Commerce Secretary?  How about thanking her by nominating her to be Ambassador to Canada, the UK, Switzerland, someplace harmless?

"Top Obama fundraiser Penny Pritzker is considered a leading candidate for the post."Is that the "change" from politics as usual that he was talking about?????

Acting Commerce Secretary Rebecca Blank is getting the #$%$ away from the Obama administration to serve as chancellor of the University of Wisconsin-Madison because it was available now!President Barack Obama announced Blank's departure in a statement Monday. He says Blank has disgraced herself and that it was his decision for her to leave because "the #$%$ told me no so she gots to go!"Blank joined the Commerce Department in 2009 as an economic adviser and was later promoted to deputy secretary much to Obama's chagrin. She was named acting secretary last year after John Bryson suffered a purely coincidental seizure and resigned.The president has not named a leftist whack job nominee to run the department permanently although top Obama fundraiser Penny "I'll Buy That For A Dollar" Pritzker is considered a leading candidate for his post.

The Odumber revolving door - academia and the WH.

He will replace her with another left wing puppet....

Obama wants a secretary of business anyway.......oh wait!  That's what the Secretary of Commerce is......WOW!   Who knew?    Amazing.How come Obama did not know that his idea for Secretary of Business was already taken - 200 years ago by some very wise men?    cause Obama is a MORON.

There goes all the Patriots! Yeah let's Help the Country, All her Vast Knowledge will be passedalong to Students of University of Winsconsin at the tune of $ 700.000 x year plus the Academic books that she'll write while she's Chancellor !(Off course the book will be mandatory reading !) Well now our commander in chief (actually he never commanded anything before being elected, so much for experience to Command the Largest Military Force in the World!) will give the "job" to the most important Fund Raiser, that's really great!This is Democracy at his Best!!! Wow, so many brilliant minds in our Goverment there is NoProblem that we cannot handle!!! Really impressive!!!

As head of commerce under Obama he found he had nothing to do.More rats abandoning this sinking ship!

Hillary Clinton and others including daughter, have been placed under house arrest by US MILITARY for Financial Treason last Friday.they Tried to divert 1.7Trillion of Treasury bonds to China.  Copy of Charges were sent to Bernake, Eric Holder Attorney General, and President Obama by director of TEXAS FED.

I believe Dr. Blank (Ph.D. , Economics from MIT) did a superb job as acting secretary.  She has had the experience, she has the background, and she understands commerce issues.   I am disappointed that Pres. Obama did not appoint her as a permanent choice for Commerce Secretary.

I nominate myself....easy money.