Why is having a different style an implicit criticism? That's ridiculous.

But, John, being an #$%$ who believes that when the truth is that he saved those guys from death sentences is even more troubling.

Maybe it's nothing more than they're 2 different men with 2 different styles in governing???

headline:New pope's style an implicit criticism of Benedict's papacyno it's not.  they're different people.  get it?  different.

Don't you love it when these professed journalists think they know what the Pope is saying!!! You can pretty much count on these idiots to make a statement that is controversial instead of accurate. Each Pope has their own style. To be one way is not to be critical of the other you fool!!!! its how this pope best lives his lifestyle.

The former Pope had the grace to step down from his position as Pope. To humble himself for the betterment of the church. He should be admired. Not criticized.

Different style because they are two different human beings.  The writer here passed judgement too quickly.  What made him qualified to be a religion editor?

Just how the hell, after six days, does the media conclude that Pope Francis actions imply criticisms of Benedict? The two men have different personalities and their established manner of communication with the parishioners reflects those personalities. Perhaps Francis is emulating Pope John 1, beloved by both Catholics and non-Catholics.

May Pope Francis forever be blessed.

Benedict almost all his life was in Vatican and did not deal with people - theologians do that.  Also, Germans are not as extraverted as people raised in Latin American climate.  As the saying goes - new brooms sweeps better.  Let's give it time and we will see how well it will sweep after a couple of years.  I remember how happy people were when Benedict was first elected Pope.There is an interesting expression I have learned in Holy Land - " we shall live and we shall see".  Som, time will reveal.

Of course, it could just be his style is different than Benedict's.  You never know.What utter hogwash.  They are two entirely different people.  There is no 'implicit' criticism whatever in the differences between them except in the small mind of this piece's author.

They are two different people coming from different backgrounds and can we let the Church move on and stop creating divisions where there are none.

I don't think some journalist should be trying to put words in the mouth of Pope Francis.  His own words and actions should speak for themselves, without some presumptuous news writer trying to infer unstated meaning from them.

Merely because their styles differ does NOT mean that Pope Francis is criticizing Pope Benedict.  No two people have the same style.  I really wish that people who have no REAL knowledge of the Catholic Church, other than what their ministers and the liberal media have taught them, would just be quiet.

Something tells me that Pope Francis is the next Pope John Paul II.

The content and criticisms in this article are off base and obviously written by a person who is not Catholic and has no idea what being Catholic means.

The fact that I get my news from NEWSMAX is an implicit criticism of Yahoo. This has about as much to do with the price of eggs as the differences in style between two popes, a non-sequitor.

Both have their unique purpose in God's Church.Take this Scripture as an example;Matthew 11: 18 For John came neither eating nor drinking; and they say: He hath a devil. 19 The Son of man came eating and drinking, and they say: Behold a man that is a glutton and a wine drinker, a friend of publicans and sinners. And wisdom is justified by her children.I really don't feel that Pope Francis, in any way, is trying to imply that Pope Benedict XVI was a bad Pope.

Papa Francesco is a simple and humble human being.  He clearly doesn't thrive on all the pomp and frills in the Vatican.  I believe he will make inroads to mending the very heart of the Church.

"One of the worst crises of Benedict's papacy - the storm of criticism when he readmitted an excommunicated bishop who was a notorious Holocaust denier...".So what?. If that bishop fulfil the requirements to be readmitted, what´s the problem? History is not a dogma. Everybody is free to believe what happened or not in human history. If somebody believes, for example, that american revolution never happened, that´s his problem.Good grief, how can six days be a condemnation of Pope Benedict?  I agree with Thumpers mother - " If you can't say something nice, don't say anything at all".

As usual, the superficial media elevates style over substance.  The fact of the matter is that each Pope is different.  John Paul II wore brown shoes, Benedict wore red shoes, Francis wears black shoes.  Who cares?  Read the Bible!

Of course there are implict "assumptions!" How else will the media get ratings?

This is beyond ridiculous, they are different, Benedict is one of the great Theological minds of this century, Francis more a Parish Priest, Why do you have to make one bad and one good? Stupid..

I am no defender of the Catholics, but to assume that adopting a different approach implies criticism of the previous one is just not a valid assumption.

This is an article designed to create contention where none exists,

There is no mediator between God and man but Jesus... Not the Pope, Not Mary, Not the Saints... Only Jesus... Just Sayin'

New leaders do what they think needs to be done.  If they do something different from their predecessor, maybe it's because the problem wasn't solved the first time!  Implied criticism of the past is exactly what a good leader DOESN'T worry about. Should Francis strive for "continuity" with Benedict, when Benedict's approach came up short?  Not if Francis wants to actually accomplish something.  The writer of this piece concocts an idiotic "damned if you do, damned if you don't" framework for evaluating Francis.  Kind of like the Catholic Church at its worst, come to think of it.........

Lots of rave reviews so soon in the papacy....should wait &amp; see if he does anything to reform the very corrupt curia

Shame on this writer!  Being different from someone else is not criticism.Each has their own "gifts", one no better than the other.

The men have different styles.  No criticism, implied or actual exists.  The media is starting the feeding frenzy already.

What a load of nonsense!  He's a different man, he has his own way of doing things, but that in no way IMPLIES ANYFRIGGIN'THING!

Pope Benedict was a very devout and complex pope.  If any of you had spent time readiing his books you might learn a bit more about him that what you read here or from the media.  Pope Frances is also verydevout and has engaged the poor with his humbleness.  One is no better or less "holy" than the other - jst different. I doubt very seriously Pope Frances is criticizing Pope Benedict at all.

There are introverts and there are extraverts.  Benedict himself realized that he needed to step down "for the good of the Church."  When a new pastor comes in, he will do things differently.  So why turn the change into a negative confrontation?

This writer is nuts. Just because a Pope does things differently than the last Pope he is not implying implicit criticism at all. I would like to ask the writer of this article, if President Obama endorses and expands the Patriot Act created in the Bush administration and doubles the deficit spending of the Bush adminsistration....Is Obama giving an implicit endorsement of the Bush Administration?

I WISH our ELECTED OFFICIALS, especially our POTUS, and his WIFE, were as meek, modest and unpretentious as THIS elected OFFICIAL! You see the Pope, just like our Senators, Representatives, and POTUS and VPOTUS ALL work FOR the PEOPLES being PAID BY THE PEOPLES! IF they RESPECTED that FACT then OUR nation WOULDN'T be IN the situation it is IN! Where THIS Pope is CONCERNED about spending a DOLLAR our ELECTED OFFICIALS could care LESS about BLOWING BILLIONS of DOLLARS! WHAT is WRONG with THIS PICTURE? MAYBE we NEED a LESSON in FRUGALITY for our CURRENT ELECTED OFFICIALS! YOU SPEND, you get FIRED!

O.k. This article, this biased invention, is not from Yahoo, but from Reuters, but still is an invention, and Yahoo did wrong by reproducing it.

Nonsense.   The way the anti-religious/liberal media spin things is ridiculous.

I believe he could care less about what any other pope did.  He's being himself.Jesus Christ is Lord and Savior.

Eccentric and maybe a little reckless. There may very well be some 'labeled nut job' that will blame any pope for his or his children's abuses.

A person taking a different approach to filling a position is NOT a criticism of those who take a different approach.

If I was the pope I would tell the news media to   f  u  c  k   themselves.

Each pope is different, each has his purpose as pope.  To suggest Benedict did a poor job is crazy.  He kept the liberal wolves at bay while protecting Catholic dogma against those who would pervert it.

and before jp 2, there wasn't a good one til you go WAY back to john 23.....

People like their leaders to be relatable and Francis is doing well at that so far.

Francis can change the window dressing, but I am one Catholic who is waiting for substance. He must address the hiding of Child-Rapists by the Hierarchy. He must end the war on our Sisters. He needs to get the Vatican finances in order and out of the hands of mobsters.

Just report the facts, instead of trying to alienate the readers with nonsense garbage.

I think it will take a little more than a nice guy to unravel centuries of abuse, perscecution,intollerance and injustice. unless he intends to push the whole Borgias palace that is St Peters in to the Tiber and start again.It is absurd to evaluate a papacy that has barely begun.

This article is nonsense.......each pope has his own "style" and personality.  Just like any official in a high public office!

One man's unique personality is an implicit criticism of all other personalities different than his own.  It would be very difficult to find a more ignorant and stupid statement!  Reuters and the AP are both controlled by (J)ews and are hell bent on smearing and denigrating Jesus Christ and His Church.  The continuous slander and innuendo directed against Christian leaders never stops.  Why no criticism of (J)udaism or (J)ewish leaders?  Why no criticism of the fanatic and racist ideology of Zionism and it's product, the modern Israeli state?

Pope Francis' style is his style, just as Benedict's style was his.Neither is a criticism of the other.

Thanks to God, it was not the Press that choses the Pope.

I hope pope francis will be a likeness to pope john the 1st.

To the bubble head behind this piece of propaganda, you know nothing of the Catholic Church!  Benedict fixed the liturgy and with all of the crazy apostates running around Rome, it took him years to do it!

Not that I wish Francis ill, I wish him the best but I can ahrdly wit till he dies to see how long it takes the press to start trashing him.  I wish him and th Church the best although I chose to leave because of disagreements with some of their tenets, mainly birth control.

This is a total non story....

Jesus chose St. Peter and the Apostles to lead the Church.  Jesus clearly stated that St. Peter and his faith would be the rock on which he would found the Church and the gates of hell would never prevail against it.  Reuters is just one example of the children of hell trying to prevail against Jesus' Church.  They will never succeed.   Those who control the media are mostly anti-Christ and (J)ewish and have NO understanding of the spiritual reality developing in front of their noses.  The Holy Spirit is in the midst of the Church still choosing it's leaders.  The Bishop Cardinals are just instruments and successors of the Apostles that Jesus uses.All leaders of the Church possess all the weaknesses of humanity but despite this, the Holy Spirit works through weak human nature by the power of God.I just hope there's no major changes in doctrines. People who want more liberalism (gay marriage, freedom to abortions, etc,) can go away. The Church doesn't have to bend down to please those factions, since there are other governments willing to accept those ideas.

HORSE #$%$.  Different men have different styles.  One was from Germany, one was from Argentina.  They lived different lives and so bring a different style.  Neither one is a copy of John Paul II either, now are they?The Leftist religion hating press has been on the full attack since the Catholic Church was thrust in the news.  It will be comforting when they expend their bile and slink back to the gutter and focus on something else.

Low Ego = very Christ-like

Using the contrast in temperaments and styles to make a negative comparison is shallow and disrespectful.  Pope Francis would be the first to say that he's not in a popularity contest.

More left-wing loonism. Pope Francis is anti-abortion, anti-gay marriage, etc. So he's pretty sympathico with Pope Benedict. In other words, he's Catholic, which will distress the evil, corrupt, media.

Far be it for Pope Francis to put down the former Pope.But it seems that Francis is a true Holy man and is acting in a Holy Way.This is the people's Pope and a fine example of how Christ himself would act if he were still on this earth.God Bless and Keep Pope Francis!

Reuters just looking for another jab at Benedict.  However, never thought the changes to the Mass necessary and most of still have trouble with it.

Hmmmm, how strange, different people have different ways to interact with other humans and society.  Who'd a thunk it.

The world according to AP:When is it good to be critical of "a small minority"? When they are Traditionalists. (read:Conservative or Orthodox) When is it good to celebrate and promote "a small minority"? When they are proudly and openly moral deviants. (LGBT anyone?)

We are called to be faithful, not successful. I think both men live out what they feel is an expression of faith. Benedict the deep contemplating theologian writing on the mysterious of God. And Francis, so far, the pastoral shepherd more akin to a parish priest. Will we see great writings from Francis like we did from Benedict? This is yet to be seen, is that an implicit failure of Francis' papacy if he does not produce theological writings? I think not.This article is, perhaps, one of the very worst I've read about the new papacy.  Just because Pope Francis' style is different, doesn't mean he's "implicitly criticizing" Benedict XVI.And certainly the author misunderstands how Benedict XVI's reversion to some portions of the older liturgy has been received by the faithful: rather than a "small minority of traditionalists" being happy with changes, it's only a small (but obnoxious) minority of leftist dissenters that actually have a problem with them.  Vatican II did not magically remove Latin as the language of the Church, and it didn't repudiate the old style of mass for the new -- anyone who believes that it did, should go back and read the documents from the council.Francis will not return the liturgy to pre-B16 days; rather he will continue to carry through with Benedict's "reform of the reform", as well he should.  He's not going to start giving away Vatican treasures or pieces of the papal wardrobe, or make things any less intellectual, and he's certainly not going to soften Catholic doctrine.One thing he hopefully *will* do differently is the actual cleanup of the Curia which "Gentle Ben" started but didn't have the managerial skills to finish, a fact which he wisely recognized.

The man has his own way of doing things.  It's not an implicit message.  He's being true to himself.  Let it go.

Sick and tired of the media dissecting the new pope, let the poor man be already! Have some respect, he is a religious leader, not Justin Bieber, Lindsay Lohan or Kardashian!

Any excuse to bash authentic Catholicism.

Im not the biggest fan of the Catholic Church but I hope this pope can lead them to be a force for good, and show humility as a man and as a church.

The Roman Catholic Church as an institution is slow to turn, and always quick to burn. But that doesn't mean 1 man can't turn the church away from its bureaucratic and crazy thinking and actually set an example. Ah hell what am I thinking? The bureaucracy over there will fight like hell to keep their petty power.

The new Pope is in and this old man is in for a run,Argentina's President Cristina have visited him already and asked him to help her get to get The Falkland's back from the Brit's.What a shame,they cant do their job so they start bothering him.Let him do his job as a Pope and don't bother him with stupid politics.

This is utter nonsense.  JP II had rockstar status yet he was so dictitorial it was not funny.  And under him the church in his own homeland of Poland saw numbers drop drastically--and Poland has one of the highest abortion rates in Europe!!!!   Did parish attendnace in the USA grow under JP II..NO!!!!    JP II was all about himself and Benedict was about the office.  Furthermore--Benedict is European and Francis is Argentinian--2 different cultures.

benedict is a gentle, quiet man.  everyone is different.

Re: "He dug deep into the Vatican's closets to bring back ornate old vestments for important ceremonies and promoted a return of the old Latin Mass that had been sidelined by the Council's modernizing reforms."The media sure has a short memory. Benedict XVI was practically Amish compared to popes up until JPII, and who do they think issued Quattuor Abhinc Annos?Not even close! Wait till you butt heads with his stance on Homosexuality, then let's see how much you like his simplicity!

VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - With every day Pope Francis reigns, his style reveals more contrasts with his predecessor Benedict in ways that amount to an unspoken criticism of how the retired pontiff conducted his papacy. - Tom HeneghanTom; Nowhere in the rest of your report backs up the opening conclusion. You pointed out differences between their Papal styles and filled in personal speculations, but fail to really point out an open or even obviously suggestive things that Pope Francis has or is doing that would amount to "an unspoken Criticism". Your conclusion is a week speculation at best. Very sloppy reporting, even for Reuters standards.

I won't be critical but don't expect him to place gold on the market either.

Tom Heneghan needs to forget the absurdity he espouses that Pope Francis' style is "amount(s) to an unspoken criticism of how the retired pontiff conducted his papacy."  Tom is a media cell seeking a body of commentary to which he can contribute life.  Sorry Tom, this one is DOA.  Try seeing Francis as responding to God's call.  God calls each according to his capacity and talent.  They are different people with different talents.

Francis didn't change Benedict was fine.  Why read your prejudice into something not there.  Francis respects Benedict and Benedict will honor Francis

I know it's early, but I really like this simple, compassionate, pastoral approach.  Go Pope Francis!

Look at the difference in presidents.  We have a wimpy muslim piece of turd in office, now, the worst president in our country's history.  Yet, there are the idiots who elected him.

I know very little about the papacy. Pope Francis seems to be striking all the right tones, saying and doing all the right things, and is giving plenty of people a lot of reason to be hopeful.  I'm very impressed and hope he will start to also say something about the church commitment to addressing the child abuse scandal issue.Pope Francis already seems to be one of the really inspiring world leaders already!

Ah yes, a new hope that the new pope will silence heretics, strengthen the orthodox, defeat the enemy, and increase the size of coffers.  Nothing new here.

Y'all should just say some Hail Mary's and Our Father's and chill out a bit.@ Mr Heneghan, author of this subjective mess:Ummmmm...there are all kinds of people who do all kinds of things in all kinds of different ways from other people...and the differences do not amount to an "unspoken criticism" of others. Your premise for this article is thin gruel, lad.

Think it is amusing that casual is always acceptable and looked upon as a "virtue".  Yet, if someone is shy, reserved and believes in reverence, that today is looked upon as negative.  Casual gave us guys in shorts at a wedding.  Casual gave us women in pajama bottoms and flip-flops grocery shopping...

media makes up anything to have a story.

I say this as a Catholic - I am very grateful and like everything I have read of my new Pontiff.  I am glad God has seen to it we have him as our Bishop of Rome.  However, while the Seat of Peter is of great importance - Christ is always in charge of his Church and do not let charisma alone guide your faith.  While charisma is nice to have, faith is about more than that.  Good example, though, does make an impact on faith and it does start at the top.

Some people liked Pope Benedict and some didn't. Just as some will probably like Pope Francis and some won't. Everybody's different. The only criticism I can see is with the media. Find something else to write about for awhile. Your stories are really boring.

This is what I have to say to all the nasty comments, true believing spirits cannot be broken so easily.

viva il papa!

This article stinks. I guess nothing better to do than pick on the Pope.  Have you idiots looked at Washington lately?  How about Obama's leadership and the National Debt?  Wake up media.  It's time to stop beating up Rome and start writing substantive articles.

Implicit criticism to you perhaps. You have any sources backing this up. Or is shaking hands with people a criticism of someone else now. Well let me be implicit in my criticism. You are a hack and have no business reporting the news.

so he has to be the exact same as the previous pope was.he can't be his own person.ridiculousI liked Benedict for what he brought to the table and I like Francis for what he appears to be bringing to the table.  Why does one have to be better than another?  Why does the author of this article pick apart styles and put values on whether one is better than the other.  Benedict was part of the Vatican II conclave and has every right to take the long view of history and perhaps reestablish traditions that were hastily thrown out...no harm.  And now Francis seems to be channeling a bit of Pope John XXIII, with his willingness to mingle with people freely, etc. Not all people have the same personality.  But both men love Jesus and want others to experience Him through their service.

I am extremely delighted to have a PEOPLES POPE - Pope Francis. May God helps him to lead the  way and bring back the Glory of the Catholic Church. The biggest challenge that we face is that the Catholic church is being persecuted by PROTESTANTS.  The Pastors always paint the negative side of the Catholic church to their folks forgetting the worldly goodness they brought about for 2000 years.THOU SHALL NOT JUDGE OTHERS AS OTHERS JUDGE UNTO YOU,

The media is trying to divide the Church.  WON'T WORK!  Pope Emeritus Benedict and Pope Francis are great friends. Media can go to hell

I am not even going to read this article. The title itself is pathetic in its very nature. It is an attempt to put controversy into an area it does not belong. Different Popes have different ways, and no one should be so callous or rude to make a headline like this.Be Good

Is Yahoo trying to stir up strife between two popes styles of governess?????? Really low.

So much for lame stream media bovine excrement.  Every Pope, be it Pius XII, John 23rd, or whoever, has their own individual "style."  There is no criticism involved, nor implied.  Francis I has his own agenda that he wants to work on and as Pope, he will do that.  The media really should get over themselves, let the man be Pope for better or worse and let that be the end of it.

"Six days are a short time to judge a papacy on - well then Tom, why the hell did you write the article to begin with?Since when is one's personality an "implicit criticism" to another persons personality??I think your article is very biased and it is an affront to Anderson Cooper.

I'm not Catholic, but this guy seems to be pretty cool. That's probably not at the top of the list when you're picking one, but it's nice to have anyway.

I like this new guy...

This is the stupidest article i've read in awhile. Frances may slow down alittle when he's 86 as well, and that'll be just fine."The message of Jesus is an attractive message, but it can get all buried in our churchiness,"  Amen

For the first time in a long time I want to scream at the top of my lungs, "I am Catholic" !!

My opinion of Benedict was low right from the start.  One of the final wishes of John Paul II was that his personal papers be destroyed.  Instead Benedict (Arnold) went against those wishes and preserved them all.  IMHO it is pretty low when a Pope will not respect the final wishes of the previous Pope.  perhaps Francis will undo that dishonor.

Mr Heneghan is indicative  of a person who knows nothing about Roman Catholics, the Roman Catholic Church and all things  Roman Catholic. Heneghan in his article showed a complete lack of respect, insensitive, insulting approach in an attempt to create divisions, slander Pope Francis and Pope Benedict and insult Roman Catholics !

He so adroitly cut off all opposition at the knees that there is no reason to think he could not have done so to Ratzinger if he had wanted to in that election.  As runner up last time, and being from the Third World, all he had to do this time was say he was still interested to cut off all talk of support for African (Turkson) or Asian (Tagle) Third World Cardinals.  As additionally (aside from being Roman Catholic Archbishop of Buenos Aires) being the Eastern Metropolitan for Argentina he had the four Eastern Rite votes in his pocket.  He himself said he was seated next to his good friend Cardinal Hummes at the conclave.  The biggest possible challenger was the Brazilian, Scherer.  Scherer has been Archbishop of Sao Paolo for 6 years, but Hummes had had that position for the 8 before that, as well as other important posts in Brazil before being Archbishop of Sao Paolo.  Once Hummes put out the word that his friend was still interested and had his full support, Scherer was done.  His Bergogolio line has not even spent a full generation of out Italy, so he knew that any Italian preference was not going to be a real issue and that the Italians would be happy to have him rather than a true non-Italian, so he knew he only had to wait for Scola's support to peak (well below his own), and then it would be all over.  Done before it began.  And he knew it before he left Buenos Aires.

I'll believe the Vatican has actually changed its ways, when it actually does so. Until then, I will remain suspicious &amp; distrustful.

Talks an evil talk but walks a good walk.

Moron writer.It's not a criticism, it's a different style.Journalists are always trying to stir up controversy where it doesn't exist.Maybe more "journalists should be writing fiction. Then they have all the freedom they want.

Every man has his style and  way of functioning. Comparison here is not fair. Having said this, the present pope will surely endear himself with the masses.

I love the liberal media, they are so fascinated with Pope Frances, you can tell by this article a change in styles to them means they think it could mean a change in teachings of the church.  No way, is not going to happen a pope cannot change the teachings.  I am already tired of the media and the Cardinals playing up the humility of this newly elected Pope.  In my humble opinion, the Pope should be humble but not put it on display.  Second, I have an issue with this article, I personally am sad to see this newly elected Pope disregard the traditions of the Pope's office.  If in fact the Cardinals see this as a positive change that was needed, it was not right of them to support Pope Benedict XVI.  I do not think it is right to compare stiles, I personally do like all the Vatican II implementations and exhibits that have occurred.  I do not like the vestments that this Pope is wearing and the fact that he does not want to distinguish himself, he should distinguish himself, he is the holy father leader of all of the Catholic Church and should be a leader in that respect.  I respect this Holy Father I am just pointing out things that are different and do not think people should pick on Pope Benedict XVI because his style was different.  The Holy Father is to be a teacher and enforcer of the teachings of the church not every ones friend.  He needs to get into the church and restore it back to the to being a universal church, not allowing every cultural difference to enter the church simply to please people so they join the church.  Benedict was a teacher and that is very important.  He kept the language of the church alive which is Latin.  I do not want a Pope that is going to go back to Paul the VI style implement Vatican II.  The problem again with the institution of the church is it wants to please people to a point in order to get them to stay Catholic.  What it needs is a strong leader in the Church as Pope that will bring this church back into its universality using Latin and the Traditional Latin Church, clean up the mess of priests who have violated their vows and hurt others and resume back to the system that worked.  The Pope has traditions and rules for his office which includes dressing a certain way so he is identified as the ruler of the Church.  I will pray for the new Holy Father that he remembers he is our leader and needs to lead as a Pontiff and not as everyone's friend.  He needs to be strong and put the church back in order and where it needs to be.  This is my humble opinion.  I want a Pope that will bring back all the beauty and respect the Mass and Eucharist deserves if the outside World does not like it or other Catholics do not like then so be it after all the church is not of this world but of Jesus Christ's world.I am pleased to see a humble man as Pope. This is not a criticism of the old just a celebration of the new. I thought the message of Christianity was to put others first.

' unspoken criticism of how the retired pontiff conducted his papacy ' - hum, is this news or an opinion article?  I'm not Catholic, but I find the statement to be an inappropriate assumption and criticism to the retired Benedict on what is a difference in personality, not a specific way of choosing to do business.

The writer of this article is quite uninformed. Many people who claim to be Catholic are pro choice and pro gay marriage and this is not Catholic Doctrine. You can not take the opinions of these so called Catholic too seriously.

Comet follows future Pope to Rome-I find this very interesting--- almost like the Star of Bethlehem that announced the birth of Christ. Could comet Panstarrs be announcing something much more sinister? Only time will tell.

Can we stop obsessing about the leader the whopping 1/6 of the world's population who are Catholic?

Benedict was a huge mistake.  When he became Pontiff, the Roman Catholic church had 1.6 billion members.  Now, it's 1.3 billion and falling.

Oh how I sorely miss Pope Benedict XVI on his teaching about God is Love and I am happy to see Pope Francis to go implementing it with his way of communicating...They work together not against each other.

What does all this have to do with worshiping our creator?

A bit of a ridiculous article, and unfair. So Benedict wasn't Frank Sinatra....so what? He's suppossed to change his whole personality to be make us happy?

Another God-like complex leader of the child molesting Roman Catholic Cult.Tom Heneghan, who's sweeping the streets?

This is honeymoon stage of Pope Francis' papacy.  He gets a pass for a few days or weeks.  Controversial issues including sexual abuse by priests will be waiting on his desk.

The substance of the Church is not going to change. Church doctrine developed over centuries of catering to the needs of the nobility.   Women will be kept subservient, contraception will be opposed, independent thought suppressed in favor of obedience to authority.  The poor will be given scraps and the promise of reward in heaven.

His comments are stupid!!!!!!!!!! Quit trying to make something out of nothing!

We're very quick to judge. He is different and that might just be what we need.  Since Pope John Paul, I wonder, has there been any real interest in the pope? .  I know for me there hasn't been theinterest that there should be. Maybe, there could be now. I hope so.

Well, of course it's too soon to make too many judgments, but it's not too soon to make some observations. My observation is that this man is a more humble and authentic sort of man and he is beginning well; beginning well is a hopeful sign of continuing well. I am not Catholic, but I and even other non-Catholics I know like this man and feel positive about him being Pope. Time will out the truth of the spirit he is exhibiting now at the start.

Mr. Haneghan false opinions that are transmitted in his article has slandered, insulted Roman Catholics world wide, The Roman Catholic Church, Liturgy, Sacraments, Theology, Beliefs.suggesting that the newly elected  Pope Francis is criticizing his predecessor Pope Benedict. Mr. Haneghan owes his readers, Roman Catholics, Roman Catholic Church an apology in presuming such a false report by the authors misguided false opinions expressed in this damaging article !

God, he's just like Emma Stone!...except old...and a dude...and all religious and stuff....

Yahoo is trying to cause controversy among Catholics because united we stand divided we fall. Wise up and realize what non-catholics or non-christians are doing to people who are trying to follow Christ.

Calling Francis I's conduct a criticism of the former papacy is just pure lunacy and concocted by people that did not like Benedict.  Francis' conduct is an expression of his personality and has nothing to do with his opinion of the prior papacy.  The liberals who want to change the Church's basic teaching will stop at nothing in condemning those who will not support such a change.Is it relevant to this discussion that there are no supernatural beings?

Just a bunch of dumb Catholics with puppy love.  Same old Vatican corrupt bureaucracy.

The Media has come again. Why waste your energy trying to stage a fight between the Popes? This is dubious and will never succeed!

So it's more 'style' than 'head' stuff.  Agree.  Germans (Benedict) are more inward (article states) than extroverted Latin Americans.  Heck they were duped and rolled over for Hitler.  But I agree with the "wait and see" of others here, and wouldn't rush to compare him to John Paul II another conservative who in the end probably couldn't even slice his own bread.  When my mother (a progressive) passed on in '96 she got a dispensation to get cremated in preparation for her end.  Then after she attended Mass for decades they (RCC) balked at giving her ashes a funeral Mass (the pompous priest made it look that they were doing us a FAVOR).  That's how 'stiff' and conservative this RC church has been since Good Pope John XXIII:  HIS are the shoes I hope Francis walks in...but like others I'll wait and see.

.....old worn out ways, need to be put away...................

The writer of this article is an unbelievable stupid person. People have different ways of doing thing because no one is the same. Why yahoo allow this ignorance person be the writer on their website?

You know who else feels the same way as this writer?  Cardinal Mahony--you know, the guy who covered up the pedophilia criminals in Los Angeles?  Just making ya'll aware.

I appreciate his style, I was educated for four years by jesuits, and have done Spiritual Excercises of St. Ignatius with them twice.  So, I am not surprised.  Most Jesuits are reachable, down to earth, (not all).  But I think he needs much more than that.  I think he needs to engage his church on many issues and to converse (not preach, we've gotten enough of that) about the needs of modern humanity.  For instance, their stance on birth control is purely immoral in this day and age with environmental fiascoes that are multiplying on the planet due to human mouths to feed and avarice to stoke.  Just like American military tapped into a pool of female recruits (finally) for combat roles, and like just letting gay people be gay people without having to hide it, the church would turn around its membership if it pushed the magical mystical side of its heritage but also let women run some things, be priests, let gays be who they are in the church without condemnation.  JESUS GIVES NO POWER TO ANYONE, AND SO NONE CAN BE CLAIMED, for them to judge others.  He was very clear on that.  So, in summation, yes his style is refreshing and hopeful, but he is known as quite pugnacious in his traditional views in these areas when we need someone to bring this church into the modern world.  There has to be some give from them.

If you are a catholic, you believe that the current pope is infallable. You also believe that during his papacy the previous pope was infallable. Meaning any criticism  is out of the question. If you are not a catholic....this really has nothing to do with you.

Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI was the right man for his time in 2005 just as Pope Francis is the right man for his time in 2013.  In 2005 the Church needed a gentle reminder of its history.  In 2013, building upon that history, the Church can now reach out again.It is disgusting to read these claims that Pope Francis's ways are an implicit criticism of Pope Benedict. This reading simply shows that the media can only construe reality in the light of its ideology of left/right, conservative/liberal, progressive/reactionary. These categories are all but useless in understanding the Christian Faith and Church. Christians everywhere should be thankful for the teaching and example of Pope Benedict which has blessed and enriched us all. He, too, is a man of humility and simplicity of spirit. I write these words as a conservative Lutheran pastor.

It is sad to see the non-Catholic posters on here. Don't be such haters, such Pharisees. You need to actually learn what the Church teaches before you cast judgement. If you think any leader of a Church is perfect, then I have some mountains in Florida to sell you.  As Pope Francis already stated, 'Pray for me, as I am a sinner'. If you are human, that is true. Christians need to stop rooting for their religion, and start rooting for Jesus wherever He is found.For atheists, may God move your heart some day before it is too late.

I don't think it is implicit criticism.  They are two different personalities, and that will show even in their position.

Is he excommunicating pedophile priests?  Then the "contrast" is pretty shallow.

Not different styles, different actions ! Re admitting a Nazi bishop, covering up child rape, poncing around like a king,  undoing the 2nd Vatican Council, all that was disgusting andun -Christian.

The article was just quoting a lot of people but I did not get anything out of it. Is he a journalist or one of those experienced 10th grader who was lucky to have to put into practice his freedom of speech. To be pope is not a JOB. He wrote that. A job is where one gets up every morning goes to work and have a set of things to do for an 8 hour period.

A journalist cannot always be accurate when writing about the church especially if you have not stepped inside or you do not know anything about the faith.

The media and reporters who write these stories will put their slant on anythings just to come up with their own fiction. Popes Benedict and Francis are 2 different people, which means each has a different way of approaching the papacy. Both are humble men, as most popes have been, with different levels of humility. In no way is Pope Francis critizing how Benedict approached the papacy, with his humble action. Pope Francis is just being the man he has always been. The immediate reaction of Catholics to the pope and the flocking to him is the honeymoon phase of the new papacy. As the newness wears off Pope Francis will lead his Church in his way and anything he does differently from Benedict will have nothing to do with criticism of how Benedict lead the church.

of all the #$%$ that's happening in the world....and you choose to focus on the pope's credibility...of which you know jack squat.... .......good luck to u

All I have heard about Pope Francis is that he rode a bus and that he agreed to make any deal possible with the Argentine Government to preserve the church's power.  I'm sure he is a compassionate and humble man, but that doesn't make him a great leader.  I haven't seen a single example given of his leadership.  Comparing him to Pope John Paul II is just a little premature.Oh, he said no one should travel to Rome.  I guess he thinks it would be a good thing if everyone that works in the hospitality industry in Rome lost their jobs, then they could just be some of the more people he could care for.  who needs a job when you can receive handouts from Pope Francis.Pope Francis will learn the papacy is not a popularity contest ! There is no criticism of Pope Benedict what so ever that is a false statement by a even more sensationalist news media ! Pope Francis within time will understand and appreciate even more the papacy of his predecessor Pope Benedict when he actually is being pontiff day to day and not the honeymoon !

How does one reconcile God's "so-called true church" as having such disparate opinions and styles of governance, anti-popes, papacies in exil, multiple popes, popes excommunicating other popes, papel edicts to murder, declare wars, exterminate Cathars, etc. etc. Holy????

I really do not care if one Pope does not approve another Pope.  The question is, will the current Pope clean up the sexual abuse of the church?  I am tired of the proud display of humility.  Try purity for a change.  Repentence would be nice.  Primarily, respect for the children of the world.  End the abuse.  Now!

Ten dollars says this dude is beatified before next Christmas.

There is only one Holy Father, and he's in Heaven. Where do Catholics find all of these man made traditions? Blasphemy. No where in the Bible does it teach to pray to Mary, or theres a pergatory to pay to get out of, or that the church can forgive you of sins.

With every day Obama reigns he doesn't have a clue what he does but it isn't like his predecessors as President. You would think a community organizer would at least have street smarts. Not this fella.

There are no decent 'Popes'. All religious 'authorities' and organizations have stood between the individual's potential for his own sovereign moral authority and the Creator since the death of Jesus. Jesus said those that followed Him in the future would do greater works than His. Where are those people? For 2,000 years the perverted Political-Religious Status Quo and their minions have persecuted the Truth and it's believers with its imposters, defining itself as the Truth, in Government and Religion with pressure, propaganda and lies except for an occasional noble person, like Marcus Aurelius,  Oliver Cromwell, George Washington, Harry Truman,  Benjamin Netanyahu, Allan West, and Ronald Reagan, and have spread into Education, Entertainment, 'News", Unions, Government workers, Welfare and Disability sloths, et al. This Pope is a perverted bug eyed useful idiot for Evil and Communism and dovetails beautifully with the wicked political Left destroying the world. But they will not succeed. This is their last hurrah and Final Solution. Why should the new Pope 'reach out' to Israel as if he is some real authority? He has no authority but from Hades. Israel is the Light of the World reaching out to humanity in people that still have some humanity left.

i love pope fransis.is a new hope.

It's certainly true that a few days cannot reveal the substance of a Papacy and yes, the media is generalizing and drawing premature conclusion - wow; what a SHOCK! But they are not THAT far off. In an institution like the Church - and really, there IS none other like it - every nuance DOES send a signal, and the new Holy Father knows full well that every little choice he makes is a message. Make no mistake - it's a new day. There will be no radical changes, but the subtle ones will go a long way. Praise to God the Holy Spirit!

Imagine a world where no one believed in supernatural beingsSome journalists are a liability to our world. They promote hatred an try to sow a seed of discord even when there is none existent instead of love and peace. God bless the Catholic Church, God bless Pope Emeritus Benedict and God bless Pope Francis

So this Pope is going to be compared to the last Pope in everything he does now??

The article by Tom Heneghan is an attempt by Mr. Heneghan and the news media to create an environment  of distrust, create a fictional story that Pope Francis is and was critical of his predecessor Pope Benedict XVI , create discourse, create friction . This so called report is more like a fiction novel, rather than reporting the actual news the news media is creating the news through speculations, accusations, sensationalist false reporting ! Didn't take long for the news media to revert back to its old self !

Media!  Good for lies and starting #$%$ where none exist!  Sad!

Everyone who has ever been educated by a Jesuit knows that they are the true face of the Catholic Church. Their humility is what we have long needed at the top.

Tom Heneghan article is a an attempt by Henegham relieving his prejudice, bias and bigoted feelings he personally has against Germans and all German speaking peoples of the world ! I am very critical of anyone like Heneghan spreading unfounded rumors and preaching prejudice, bigotry against any people !

i never felt we had a Pope when Benedict was Pope.Francisco brings hope to the faithful.

I don't see things the authors way.  In my opinion, the author put a mean spirited spin on this story of his own making.  I loved Benedict, and I will love Papa Francesco just as much.

Maybe Pope Francis I can do for the Catholic church what most of his predecessors have failed to do: Make the church more humble, accessible, less arrogant and ostentatious. That would be more Christlike, and a welcome change from the moneygrubbing, decadent church that has turned so many Catholics off.

Hogwash. The two are very different personalities.  Benedict was phenomenal theologian and  accomplished a ton during his tenure, it just doesn't get written about. Pope Francis seems great in a different way, but too much bowing away from the grand tradition and high position of the papacy could backfire too. There is a mystical and grand nature to the position of Pope, one that raises it to a level Sanctity, and he needs to remember this just as much as showing how humble he is. This is the seat of Peter!!!This pope seems a significant change from Benedict.

Let me know when he gets priests to stop rapping little boys...then there might be something to judge.

Can someone explain this talk about some Red Woman of babylon?

"With every day Pope Francis reigns..."  Never knew a pope 'reigns.'  Seems contrary to the reported humility this man possesses.

Having any STYLE is implicit criticism of ALL previous popes.

Shameless media trying to provoke Christians again.

New obozo's style an implicit criticism of democrats' #$%$.

Changing one spot on the leopard does not make it a house cat.

The Jesuits are assassins.

As a Catholic, I think he's off to a great start.  Church doctrine does not need to change.  God is God.  We need to adapt to God, not the other way around.  The way the Church identifies with its followers and shows how it is relevant in their lives did need to change, and that's what Pope Francis is doing very well so far.We don't need a pope or a president or a leader of any kind........what this world needs is compassion, sympathy and sharing........it will never happen because we are too busy being sarcastic, hating and judgmental to help one another.

His style has shown that it is not about him as a person or as a man after power and pompousness. what a message for all world political and religious leaders

With due respect to the writer, this article shouldn't have been published at all! Just because Pope Francis I has a different style of leading the Roman Catholic Church is an implicit way of criticizing Pope Benedict XVI! No wonder the world has gone out what it is today. We always criticize the good motives in every person, not to mention the newly appointed Pope. Have you forgotten that Pope Francis I has even asked the people to pray for Pope Benedict XVI?

And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet colour, and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication

as there are wide difference between bush admnistration with obama.so is the wide differences btwen pope beneditt and pope francis.bush squndered the economy and drag the economy into recession and the market collapsed,and obama pulled the economy out of reccession and the market and jobs recovered, likwise the pope, during benedith the church almost collapsed and lost its charisma,but with only few days in office ,its believed that the church charisma is back and the church seems to come together more.so you can compare and constract.

The Pope is a ceremonial figure head, a magician's trick to distract the sheep from asking embarrassing questions about shadow banking, money laundering, bribery, immoral acts committed weekly by the IOR (aka: the Bank of Vatican).Nike swoosh does the very same thing with their off-shore banking methods. As do all multi-National firms and hedge funds. (GE to Exxon, Chevron to Pfizer, Monsanto, Boeing, Lockeed, Cisco Systems, Apple and the Catholic Church)

Roman Pagan Catholic Mantra:The Golden Rule:  He that have the Gold, real estate, Shadow Bank, artwork, cash make the rulesMark Twain:  Tis easily to fool a fool than it is to convince him he was fooled!WC Field:   a sucker is born every minute.  Porochial School seeks to brainwash the youthAlchoholic priests repeat these themes daily at massThe Jesuit Order is the most arrogant of all the clueless priests, monks and brothers

Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio, now Pope Francis, has long been dogged byaccusations of his role during Argentina’s military dictatorship. We speak toHoracio Verbitsky, a leading Argentine journalist who exposed Francis’connection to the abduction of two Jesuit priests. Verbitsky is an investigativejournalist for the newspaper Página/12, or Page/12, and head of the Center forLegal and Social Studies, an Argentine human rights organization.

If Argentines are haunted by the horrors of the past, that may be because thedark forces responsible for the "disappearance" of thousands of people at thehands of their country's last military dictatorship appear to be very much alive— and as willing as ever to resort to violence against their foes. Two weeksago, a key witness whose testimony had recently helped put a major human-rightsoffender in prison for life disappeared in a manner reminiscent of the methodsemployed by Argentina's military 30 years ago. These horrors took place with thefull support of the Catholic Church who refused to condemn their actions in anyway.

Not a very good thesis statement.... No real support.  And it is poorly written.  If you make your living writing, you should do it correctly.So far I like the new pope. Hope he supports the the Christians that are under assault in the Middle East and Africa by the raging Islamicists.

Udate to the story that we will see next year:Turns out that the Catholic church is still based on bullsh;t, despite the new pope.

I wonder how excited this reporter and others  will be when, hopefully, Francis reconfirms Catholic social teaching from the Catechism (which Benedict himself mostly wrote) regarding abortion, divorce, contraception, stem cell research, in vitro fertilization, divorce and remarriage, and the homosexual lifestyle? Yeah....uh huh....right.

Benedict went through  war as  a youth,  Francis  went to  tango.  It makes a difference inbeing   who you are

IOR Bank of Vatican is corrupt and evil.

I'm not Catholic and I'm fascinated with how he's imprinting his personality on the Papal office.

The media can make or break the Pope.

I think Beavis would have liked Cardinal Bergoglio.

What is your point Heneghan if not to sow intrigues and to gain as many hits for your column as possible. Cheap!  Genuine Catholics are always faithful to the pope conservative or not, with pleasant personality or otherwise, because we see the hand of God in the election of every pope.  We may not understand just as clearly God's message for having Benedict for a pope, but time will come.  In fact, a great many were touched by his humility especially when he resigned and gave way for the Holy Spirit to choose another pope.  And now, abandoned all pomp as you were suggesting, to live a more solitude and hidden life.

Pope Francis will be the bridge between now church and the future church. When Pope John Paul II assumed the throne, he did not do away with the pomp and circumstance of the Paul VI (Pope John Paul I did not live long enough for us to really know), but he brought youth and a new attitude toward the church. Nor did he ever do away with the trappings of the royal Papacy.  In his later years, he became a living symbol rather than a leader. He remains that today. Pope Francis I will refocus the church on it simple message of faith and love: that all men are God's creatures and deserving of his love; and, we need a Curia (papal bureaucracy) that can function efficiently and effectively. He has shown a no-nonsense approach to the church all his life, and in his first few days has continued to walk the talk, as he has throughout his days as a leader of the Church in Argentina.NEWS HEADLINE: Pope abducted by UFO!

Benedict had a purpose and a mission.  Francis has a purpose and a mission.  While their mission is a shared mission, their purpose are not.  So of course they are going to be different NOT to mention that they are two different people.So you folks just keep spewing your horse manure.  We have brains out here and are able to separate wheat from chaff and you are definitely the chaff.

"Fear God and give GLORY TO HIM,..for the hour of His Judgement is come"...Revelation 14! People have been drastically distracted by the son of perdition! He is not God, nor is he godly! Even though he claims to be able to forgive sins he cant even forgive his own! People need to stick to Bible Truths!

that peacock should've not be anywhere close to the Chair

Beware the ravening wolves in sheep's clothing. The FALSE PROPHET shall be given a mouth speaking great things, and performing lying wonders, by the BEAST to deceive THE FAITHFUL.

The pomp and splendor a pope may display has nothing to do with personal glory but to do with the glory of the position which they have been put into. It is natural for atheists and non-believers to not understand it, but for a Catholic they should understand it and any criticism of it shows a lack of understanding of who and what a Pope is. They should know, as it is the faith they profess, that the Pope is the highest moral authority on earth and as a regent of God he has a duty to display that. Not for his own glory (after all, he does own ANY of the things he is wearing, it is not a display of wealth as it would be for a non religious person wearing it) but the honor due to God. And I'm not even Catholic... sad Catholics don't get it.

A breath of fresh air - Francis!

John Paul I insisted on an audit of the IOR and was permanently put down in 1978 (embombed w/o an autopsy)----in just 33 days of Papacy.   Bennedict was given an ultimatium and left dodge with his head still attached.

Very stupid article. It's always unfair to compare. I'm sure that Pope Francis does not pretend to criticize anyone, much less Pope Benedict whom he respects and admires. Pope Francis is just being himself, of course under the inspiration of that remarkable man, Francis of Assisi.

Church isn't about how people feel about others. You shouldn't change church to bring more people in. The Bible gives all the rules for the church.  Personally, I don't think the Catholic church follows them. Nonetheless, you are going to church to learn about God. Not to decide if you like so and so, and if you don't then your not going back. If that's the case, you will always find a reason not to go back.The Pope is irrelevant.  The IOR (aka: Bank of Vatican) runs this money laundering, wealth hording machine for a few insiders.

Belive in the catholic church...i belive it will change with our pope su santidad francisco.....

From my perspective as an Episcopal Priest, Bishop Francis is a breath of fresh air.  Benedict certainly knew how to showcase the massive wardrobe stored by the Vatican.  At times he was even 'cartoonish' in his use of rarely seen caps, capes and copes.  Not to mention his waaaay too tall mitres.    Viva Francesco!!!!

"benny the rat" was a religious  nazi  troll. .  who knows what this dude will  do. it can be as bad as the last dinosaur in religious drag....

...thanks to the poor the church is rich.

It won't last long. His true 'colors' will soon come out.  He will be asking for millions of more dollars  from the catholic fateful, to bring more ILLEGALS into the U.S.A., and more millions to take care of them. Keep them in their rich 'style', of living, once they get here. He will ask for more ILLEGALS, to be released from jails/prisons, all over the U.S.A. Obama has just released 30,000 ILLEGALS, from jails/prisons, all over the country, while thousands of non-violent American Citizens, remain rotting away, in the same jails/prisons. This is what is coming to a community near where 'YOU' live.  More ILLEGALS.

...and then the Chaplains bless the Weapons that will kill Millions of Innocent Children and old people total devastation by these usa criminals with the blessing of the church.

...belief enslaves you!!!...knowledge liberates you!!!

As long as the Catholic church continues to grab and hold little boys by their ears there will never be change.

The leader of  the Church is Jesus, The Holy Trinity, first and foremost.  Jesus said," be in the world, not of it."  As I have lived within the Church, it has definitely been toooo much in the world, and toooo much OF the world.  I hope this pope knows a good business practice for an incomingCEO is to FIRE EVERYONE FROM THE PREVIOUS ADMINSITRATION and replace their positions with your own choices.  Otherwise the status quo will persist.I live down near Hopewell , Virginia. The folks who go to my church don't believe in the Pope. Our minister, Reverend Danny Gantry, says the catholics are some Red Fallen Woman from Babylon, whatever that means. Jesus, our loving savior, has for some reason permitted our duly elected president to win over the Tea Party, God's new chosen people. What's going on here, Jesus? What are we supposed to think now? How are virtuous people going to win the War on Christmas and DOMA? Maybe Eric Cantor can win this War on Christmas before Santa comes again.

Can someone explain this talk about some Red Woman of babylon? And why does my minister keep saying the new Pope has his eye on her? i don't think our Reverend Tommy Hucksley likes this Pope much.

as an aside...TO KATHY GRIFFEN;  i dare you to publicly say that mohammed sucks as you said "Jesus sucks "/ for those of you that havent heard this..look it up...i will boycott everythingthat she has anything to do with...what a #$%$

The style may be different, but the substance probably is not.  When all the hype has died down I expect that we will see the same old catholic church, still only interested in preserving its power.

Luther could not reform the Catholic church in his day. There isn't an innocent man among them and they aren't Jesus' church. Jesus didn't say that anyone is above the law.  Peter would be the first to condemn them and say they had no part with him.

Anyone following Ratzi the Nazi will have a better time of it. Even Adolph Hitler would be a better pope than the last joke.

They should just disolve the catholic religion... As a religion, how do you recover from breaking over half of the listed commandments, the thing your suppose to be preaching?  or is it a "Do as I say, Not was I do!" religion....

So are we diddling little boys or not? We priests need some guidance.

I guess there is no pre-qualification to "Religion Editor" for Reuters. Just a mindless fabricator who can type. Wow! Anyone one of us can have Tom Heneghan's job...lol

Pope Francis is more liking the laughing pope who lived 33 days.  Let's hope this papacy is more effective and less ephemeral.This article sounds shallow.  I think Pope Francis is a tremendous choice, and there is more depth to him than what your article says.   Cardinal Ratzinger (Pope Benedict XVI) was the right pope for the time, and had the goodness to resign after 8 years.  Old and in poor health for such a demanding position.   Please don't compare and try to say one man is better than the other.

Sit down Robert ju den, to the back of the class !

the bible that pestilent fiction comic book that you will find  in every usa uneducated household...millions of them...

I'd like to know more about the scandals involving the Vatican's Cardinals being blackmailed by she-males and male escorts...wasn't ex Pope Benedict handed a dossier about this in the days before he resigned, only to lock it away for the next pope?  Let's hear more about this!

The time for Popes being kings and worshiped are long over. Long robes, ring kissing, rear kissing and worship. Its over, they are not carried anymore, that tira crown, its gone and should be. I saw a servant kneel down on two knees while Pius Xll got in a car that the man had opened. How horrible. They are not gods, they are human. Francis puts his pants on just like me. He can't cure cancer. Time for these Cardinals to put the long robes back in mothballs, where they belong. Good for Francis.

In all fairness to Benedict, he should be lauded for leaving the papacy, as his health did not support the daily challenge of the role. In contrast, it can be argued that Pope John Paul should have done the same.

mother teresa that liitle miserable monster and the reagan's regalia what do they have in common?answer:scatology

Catholicism certainly know how to display ceremony, but what is underneath?  Catholics are also known for witch hunts (the latest being "homosexuals"), violent crusades, hanging by the cross and, of course, pedophilia...all of this is part of their history (not to mention exclusion...Religion is still only about faith and not data...a figment of our imagination...

he's been head of the Global Child Rape Cabal for what, a week, and fashion is all on the media's mind.  those darn gays.

I wonder how many kids this new guy buggered.I need for somebody to make these statements go viral. Thank you...The Incarnation of our Lord teaches us that it is in the victims of those heinous crimes of sexual abuse that He is present, and not in the pomp, circumstance, and yes, even the mass that these self appointed self righteous hypocrites celebrate in their gilded halls and golden costumes.The Holy Spirit, the Third Person of the Trinity, who is the Love between the Father and the Son, our Blessed Lord, Jesus Christ, is perfect.According to the false teachings of the catholic church, when there is black smoke after a day of the conclave, it is to, somehow, imply that the Holy Spirit was unable to come to a decision.May God forgive and have mercy on their evil blasphemy.May Jesus, who is Infinite Love Incarnate, heal all victims everywhere, and most especially, the victims of sexual abuse who suffered at the hands of these men.

Soon this pope will be dancing with ellen and michelle obama on a commercial pleading for people to "Love not Judge"...starting with those who will thumbs me down for this lol

Lets be fair, lets ask St. Simon of Trent.

This new Pope has been implicated by members of the military Junta itself being involved in the torture and murder of 30,000 left wing dissidents. 'Left wing' in fascist terms is anyone who does not worship Hitler.

the Cross the most heinous symbol ever created!!!!

Several months ago I viewed the Italian movie "Habemus Papam" on Netflix.  I re-watched again last evening.  It has all the pomp and circumstance of the Conclave electing a new Pope, but in the end it walks off the balcony saying "I can't do it!" Stunning everyone. Produced in 2011, was this a prophetic piece, or did someone know Benedict would ultimately walk off the stage.  Makes you wonder about the intrique behind closed doors at the Vatican.

belief is good business in the usa, where uneducated people are on the millions,look at every  intersection,and you will find four ugly miserable churches.

Perhaps if Pope Francis halts the war on women religious, the bishops will follow his lead.

The extent of the church's complicity in the dark deeds of the Junta was excellently set out by Horacio Verbitsky, one of Argentina's most notable journalists, in his book ElSilencio (Silence). He recounts how the Argentinian navy hid from a visitingdelegation of the Inter-American Human Rights Commission the dictatorship'spolitical prisoners on an island linked to senior clerics.

A good start to understanding this evil man is the contribution by Videla in aseries of interviews conducted by the magazine El Sur in 2010 and Erbitsky’sbook, The Silence: From Paul VI to Bergoglio.Pope Torturer I = Puppet of the criminal military Junta.

You mean to say the world is dealing with yet another FAUD this time actor Jonathan Pryce? Why in the cripes do the world have to used as unwise sheep being led by demons? I guess due to the fact the sheep can be lead astray quite easily and have been known to do so for decades. The sheer depth of the entities behind these actors roles are the TRUE identity as to why they place actors/puppets in place. Now thats the real scoop to be had.Peace

Jorge Vergogna

Why this guy the poop talks so much about the Poor yes the poor people he talks abundantly,because we have the super rich and so-called powerful who makes Life miserable, i.e. usa history of Crimes against the people of the world poor blacks Irakis Central America...usa worst Karma banana nation in our Universe.

Would you pope Francis, add this to your ''style'' of teachings:Would you Pope Francis please ENSURE that the 2nd of the 10 Commandments of God: Exodus 20:4 "Thou shalt NOT make unto thee ANY graven image, or any likeness of ANY thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water underneath the earth:"This should absolutely be ADHERED to! WHYare they even in the 'so called' house of God? Everyday they COMMIT these ABOMINABLE ACTS by bowing to... and asking Statues of Saints &amp; The Virgin Mary to Intercede for them! Those are Molten and Graven Images!CHRIST is the One Who DIED for our SALVATION! Christ is the ONLY Way, the Truth, and the Life, NO one goes to the Heavenly Father, EXCEPT by HIM! PERIOD! NOT through the Virgin Mary, or any Saint! And please remind him that Christ Commanded that we should NOT CHANGE one JOT or TITTLE of the LAW!Could you NOT allow his Congregation to call his priests 'Father' as a Title, which our Heavenly Father STRICTLY FORBIDS, and reserves ONLY to Himself! Please tell the pope do NOT encourage his Congregation to REVERENCE him (the pope) as God! And could he not have his congregation confess their sins to 'mere men'! When Christ died on the Cross, the Veil in the Holy of Holies was rent / torn / ripped from TOP to Bottom (Heaven to Earth) so that God's children could now go directly to Him in Prayer and Repentance, without any INTERCESSOR! We go in Jesus's Name, only to show our credentials as a Christian! It makes our Heavenly Father happy!Could you not allow their PEDOPHILE priests to be punished to the FULL extent of the LAW, (like anyone else) instead of ONLY transferring them to other parishes, where they are FREE to carry on further with their PERVERSIONS!Could you REMOVE that UPSIDE DOWN CROSS from above his seat! It has a SATANIC connotation to it! Yes, Peter may have asked to be crucified upside down, in reverence to Christ, but CHRIST is the ONE that DIED on the Cross for us, NOT Peter! So tell the pope to turn that cross the WAY it should be positioned...UPRIGHT...That is the WAY Christ was positioned! And Peter could NEVER take the place of Christ! And WHO told the Pope that he took Peter's place anyways? Peter, who was the First Bishop, would have NEVER committed any of the GROSS VIOLATIONS of God's Commandments, Instructions or Laws, the way the Catholic Archdiosese do!There are MANY more VIOLATIONS that could be mentioned here, but let these suffice for now! IF YOU are NOT for God / Christ, and NOT doing as HE instructed, then you are definitely AGAINST HIM! Thus CATHOLICISM is NOT of GOD if they continue with these EVIL Practices!Good News is...It's not too late to REPENT! Peace!

The most positive thing about the new Pope? He wasn't a member of the Hitler Youth. The most negative thing? He's the Pope!

It is funny how one day he is just a regular cardinal doing his work, and the next he is looked at as a God just because his buddies in the Church, not the world, decided to pick him.It's all about who you know, and who will vote for you.Religions are so stupid.Someone like Mother Teresa really deserves credit, not these guys.

the vatican and washington these two terrorists evils are  in cahoots slaughtering millions of innocents people around the world.

Bergoglio (now Pope Francis) was involved in torture kidnapping and murder bythe fascist Junta.SOURCESThe GuardianCenter for Legal and Social Studies, an Argentine human rights organization.The magazine El SurErbitsky’s book, The Silence: From Paul VI to Bergoglio

Get real. Pope Francis was a staunch supporter of the fascist government and even took part in torture sessions of so called dissidents.Christian von Wernich, who was a former chaplain of the police department inArgentina and also later was convicted of being involved. He was convicted, andhe’s in jail, in a common jail, but the Argentine church, during the tenure ofBergoglio, hasn’t punished him, in canonical terms. He was convicted by thehuman justice, but by the church standards, he’s always a priest. And this tellssomething about Bergoglio and the Argentine church also. Christian von Wernich,who was a former chaplain of the police department in Argentina and also laterwas convicted of being involved. He was convicted, and he’s in jail, in a commonjail, but the Argentine church, during the tenure of Bergoglio, hasn’t punishedhim, in canonical terms. He was convicted by the human justice, but by thechurch standards, he’s always a priest. And this tells something about Bergoglioand the Argentine church also.

Surprise, surprise. Another card carrying fascist makes it to Pope.

T shirts and pictures and statues for sale? Sounds like idolatry is being bought and sold outside the Vatican.... does the Vatican license these?

Many of Pope Francis I friends are now in jail for their active role in thetorture and murder of 30,000 dissidents by the Military Junta. Members of theJunta have said Bergoglio (now Pope Francis) took an active role in the tortureof left wingers and advised the military on public relations in that regard.

ARGENTINA’S FORMER military dictator said he kept the country’s Catholichierarchy informed about his regime’s policy of “disappearing” politicalopponents, and that Catholic leaders offered advice on how to “manage” thepolicy.Jorge Videla said he had “many conversations” with Argentina’s primate, CardinalRaúl Francisco Primatesta, about his regime’s dirty war against left-wingactivists. He said there were also conversations with other leading bishopsfrom Argentina’s episcopal conference as well as with the country’s papal nuncioat the time, Pio Laghi.“They advised us about the manner in which to deal with the situation,” saidVidela in a series of interviews conducted by the magazine El Sur in 2010 butpublished only on Sunday.He said that in certain cases church authorities offered their “good offices”and undertook to inform families looking for “disappeared” relatives to desistfrom their searches, but only if they were certain the families would not usethe information to denounce the junta.

From Australia to Canada every one is corrupted..(  MONEY IS THE GOD NOW ) so what do u expect from Vatican..ask yr self why wld Vatican need a BANK  .??????  Did Jesus collect MONEY ?? HE COLLECT PEOPLE.. with sound principals.,and morals.,,as well as values.

"In his first few days in office, Francis has put out this message repeatedly by ignoring Vatican pomp as much as he can"And thereby drawing even more attention to himself. Humility? More like "look at me, I'm doing this MY way!"

it must be said that your new leader pope francis is quite handsome and burly, with a steely gaze and firm loins. his manliness and wisdom make him the object of much admiration among japanese women and even men and we extend our good wishes for his holiness.

A priest was caught masturbating by a young boy. The boy asked "what are you doing". The Priest replied, don't worry you will be doing it soon, my wrist is getting tired.

Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio, now Pope Francis, has long been dogged byaccusations of his role during Argentina’s military dictatorship. We speak toHoracio Verbitsky, a leading Argentine journalist who exposed Francis’connection to the abduction of two Jesuit priests. Verbitsky is an investigativejournalist for the newspaper Página/12, or Page/12, and head of the Center forLegal and Social Studies, an Argentine human rights organization.ARGENTINA’S FORMER military dictator said he kept the country’s Catholichierarchy informed about his regime’s policy of “disappearing” politicalopponents, and that Catholic leaders offered advice on how to “manage” thepolicy.Jorge Videla said he had “many conversations” with Argentina’s primate, CardinalRaúl Francisco Primatesta, about his regime’s dirty war against left-wingactivists. He said there were also conversations with other leading bishopsfrom Argentina’s episcopal conference as well as with the country’s papal nuncioat the time, Pio Laghi.“They advised us about the manner in which to deal with the situation,” saidVidela in a series of interviews conducted by the magazine El Sur in 2010 butpublished only on Sunday.He said that in certain cases church authorities offered their “good offices”and undertook to inform families looking for “disappeared” relatives to desistfrom their searches, but only if they were certain the families would not usethe information to denounce the junta.

the last Pope who proceeded to an audit of the IOR (Bank of Vatican) was murdered in 1978 after 33 days in office.   Bennedict was given his walking papers in lieu of death.