While I hold true to the belief that states should write their own laws without the Federal Government getting involved:  I can't help but think that Colorado legislators are being led by the desires of the Democrat party and not the will of the people.

La di da... the sheriff's there aren't going to enforce the new laws.  They know the ban is a joke.

It will be interesting in to see will be the last men standing in the next election.

Support your fellow gun owners and boycott Colorado and take your vacations in gun friendly states...

The democrats can only hope and pray that the voters have short memories before the next election.  Its nice that they told the magazine manufacturer that they can sell their product out of state, nothing like being a hypocrite.

Colorado seems to have lost its mind. And not just over gun control.

I am moving from this state.

you may have passed a tougher gun law, but you failed logic and reason...these laws will prevent nothing, those familiar with guns can probally change a clip faster than you can say, what the heck is happening and where is the exit....by the way, why is holmes still breathing

Obama,Bloomberg,and Hickenlooper three of the most despised Dictators in America.

does this mean a law abiding citizen who owns 20 rnd mags is a criminal all of a sudden?NOTHING IN THESE BILLS WILL PREVENT ONE SHOOTING

To all caliphonians that decided to move to the great state of Colorado, please please move back to caliphony.

Legislators hide behind the Constitution giving them authority to violate that Constitution. Keep pushing. Deny my rights, I'll deny your office. Let the chips fall if you dare.

I always wanted to hunt CO. Now I care less for it. Maybe Kansas or Alaska? We'll see how gun control pans out. I have no hunting weapons that would violate any of the new laws, but will not spend money in a state that violates my rights. Hell, I can always hunt TX.

Colorado government like California has been taken over by corrupt Socialist,Communist,Liberals,Progressives once known as Democrats. They want complete "control" of every aspect of our lives. In the end they will lose as we unite as one.

I hope this wakes up the people of Colorado. Next election be sure and vote.

I think this is a big mistake for Hickenlooper, but time will tell.  These bills are very poorly written aside of the obvious overreaching political ploys they were meant as.  The Democratic party will pour tons of money into Hick's re-election campaign, but I don't think the majority of the people in this state want this kind of legislation.  The cities of Denver and Boulder are predictably blue, but I don't know of a single person outside those places who want this legislation.

These bans on "high capacity" magazines and "assault weapons" are a JOKE.  Do you know how many MILLIONS of these are already in circulation?  They're not going to go away any time in ours or our kids' lifetimes.  The ONLY people who come out ahead in this are the sellers who can now gouge people on the prices and in the future the only people who will be buying them in Colorado will be CRIMINALS.  Man, if I were a #$%$ Colorado would be looking pretty appealing right about now.  Way to go, geniuses!

Colorado, following the example of New York...unbelievable! The U.S. Supreme Court is going to be very busy this year.

Colorado will be the first state taken to task for violating The Bill of Rights. California liberals leaving that state because they made a mess of of can't save you.Colorado will be the center of mass killings and the center of Right restrictions. Hope you can sweat out both.Like applying lipstick on a corpse. Purely cosmetic.

New get rich scheme: Corner the market on tar and feathers.

The more you Socialist Democrats control us.. the more we arm our self..  you are asking for trouble.

The Voters need to take this to referendum to be voted on, We need to stop our politicians from creating laws the majority do not want. Much like the same sex marriage issue that was passed but then brought to referendum and denied by the voters in 31 States. The people need to take back control.

Such as shame that Colorado has turned into a dictatorship.  As for Magpul Industries, come to Florida, we have better weather, better tourist spots, more people, honest workers, very few liberals, and we want you here.

The best thing to do now is to, when the time comes, vote them out of office. I know that it's easier said than done,though.

Don't worry Colorado, it's only another 300 people out of work,......they'll just raise your taxes to cover.

Funny. The same Constitution that formed our government gave us the legal authority to unseat it. Want to play with 300 million about to lose it all?

A bunch of politicians elected by Constitutional authority better start realizing without that Constitution they take advantage of, they are nothing. Second Amendment is the fail safe.The very document they use to pass laws gives me the legal right to unseat them.Funny thing that Constitution.

This is completely misdirected.Participation in a gun buyback program to keep guns out of the hands of criminals is like castrating yourself because you believe your neighbor has too many kids.This law will only limit firearms to those people who are least likely to use them in a crimeA free people ought not only to be armed and disciplined, but they should have sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence from any who might attempt to abuse them, which would include their own government.” — George Washington

goodbye democratic party dont let the door hit you on the way outyou could have got away with anything but thatand if you dont leave voluntarily the people will force you out and get people that can do the job and protect our rights at the same time

I feel sorry for those people in colorado. Criminals now know it is safe harbor for them to rape and pillage the community. Just like conneticut did with its gun laws that made that school a hunting preserve for a psycho. Ironic, none of the laws enacted would have prevented either the movie theater shooting or the school shooting. Ironic, the upper class who have guards with guns to protect them, and the police have nothing to fear, since they are armed, but the rest of the people have been made knowingly defenseless against those who would harm them. Truely the National socialist party, aka democrats, are one step closer to thier dream of a facist state.

I can get off over 100 rounds from my Glock in 4 minutes using a magazine that holds 15 bullets. If a maniac wants to commit mass murder he or she will do it regardless of whether you have gun laws or not. Last time I looked Timothy McVeigh killed almost 300 people with horse #$%$ I guess it's time to outlaw horse #$%$

I saw on the TV news tonight where a couple of guys in Salt Lake are launching an APP which lists businesses as gun friendly or gun free. That way people can choose to patronize them or not. Sounds good to me. Vote with your wallet. Bankrupt the anti's.

I have personally witnessed the heart-rending results of the loss of freedom. I have talked face-to-face with the godless Communist leaders. It may surprise you to learn that I was host to Mr. Khrushchev for a half-day when he visited the United States. Not that I'm proud of it. I opposed his coming then, and I still feel it was a mistake to welcome this atheistic murderer as a state visitor.As we talked face-to-face, he indicated that my grandchildren would live under Communism. After assuring him that I expected to do all in my power to assure that his, and all other grandchildren, will live under freedom, he arrogantly declared, in substance:"You Americans are so gullible. No, you won't accept communism outright. But we'll keep feeding you small doses of socialism until you finally wake up and find you already have communism. We won't have to fight you; we'll so weaken your economy until you fall like overripe fruit into our hands."It isn't comming, Its Here.This is what Obama is doing to the Unitwed States of America and is dictating about Gun Control just for this reason, Full Communist Control and the Dummies Cheer him on. Boy, is America ever Screwed.

I'm done with this state.It goes on New York list.

Congratulations Colorado....You are now officially a Blue State. legalized pot, tuition for illegals, loss of Second Amendment rights for law abiding American citizens...

I figured out what they have done. By requiring serial numbers on the magazines, very few if any gun manufactures will do this just for the state of colorado.  New York passed a weird number of max bullets in the magazines and again very few manufactures are going to make 7 round magazines just for the state of New York and the next state that falls prey to this will come up with something totally different.  This is how they can do this and say "we aren't banning guns" they are making sure no one will make magazines or very few of them to meet the state requirements.  This is what is going on, better fight it now Colorado

Great, when the gov signs the bill we will all be safe,  finally a new law that will make us safe. Oh yes yes yes.  safe at last.  what a buch of policical jerk offs.I hope the gov does sign it.   He will be gone next election and the real Coloradians and take back their state

Time is short Colorado, storm the capital in protest, use it or loose it!!

Notice the word "control" as in gun control. It's all about "control" our Socialist/Communist/Liberal government wants to "control" every aspect of our lives. They believe in their warped minds they know better than we do and they can take care of us better than we do ourselves

1776, Part 2. You liberals unable to feed yourselves without government help up for it?Can't tax your way out of it.

Magazine limits would reduce gun violence and have an impact during mass shootings, because they would force gunmen to reload more times...Is that a joke?

Has anyone noticed that it's the Democrats making all the new laws?   Stupid Laws.It's time for America to go another direction.

So what,,, Colorado police said that its not going to inforce it.Its like getting flipped off by the Cops. That is so funny &amp; so cool !!So much for useless paperwork on taxpayer dollars

Hickenlooper is toast.

And just when is this governor going to set limits on the CRAZIES that drive automobiles on our roads and cause even more deaths than guns?

Totally stupid law, not resourced to execute and wholly not effective against crazy people and criminals.  It just denies Second Amendment rights to the sane and law abiding. Apparently, all these killers had ammunition jams and used multiple weapons and multiple magazines.  Crazies and criminals are not worried about whether or not a gun is legal or whether they are legal to have one. Fire the governor; elect the sheriff that refused to implement the law.The californification,gayification and tons of out of state money in Colorado led to this bill. The real Coloradans do not feel this way.

Congratulations, Colorado for awarding another victory for criminals everywhere.  Because you've just guaranteed they'll have more firepower at their disposal than the honest citizens will have to defend themselves from it.

Why have the majority of mass killings happened in Colorado? Is it an Aurora thing? Lack of air up there?

A traitor to the Republican party and State of Colorado. It is funny a person takes an Oath and tramps all over the 2d ammendment. He should have shown his true colors and went all the way.

So I guess Hickenlooper will be moving out of state after his next term? I would hate having to face the public after undermining their rights. All the people cursing you in public the rest of your life, always wondering if someone spit in your food when you eat out, etc.etc...

Are there any legitimate polls which state what the citizens of Colorado think of these measures?

I honestly don't see how this will stop crazy people from killing.

Lesson to Colorado: Stop voting for Democrats.

crimnals will always find a way to get guns.

I just can't believe this - what makes the government of Colorado think that criminals are going to carry limited magazines?  I don't care about background checks - that's no big deal, if you have nothing to hide, you have nothing to worry about.  But if a criminal wants a gun, gues what? He's going to find one..Go after the criminals who USE A GUN TO COMMIT A CRIME!!!  How hard is that to understand?  If you make the punishment horrendous, I'd be willing to bet the criminals will think twice about breaking that law...All I do is remember the LA Riots. And those that survived on rooftops. Armed with high capacity mags and ar-15. and so on.. No police to be seen.. lots' got burned. Social decay !!!  With a Ashkenazi gangter poodle president . And Jack Jake Lew at USA Treasury we will have more SOCIAL DECAY !

had an elk hunting trip to colorado planned for 2014. consider it cancelled.

Colorado used to be a GREAT state but too many whacky Californians moved there and screwed it up.

Elections have consequences.  Say goodby to your constitutional rights, slaves.

By the way George Zimmerman will go free

Let's hope that sheriffs in Arizona do not do the same thing with sb1070. Dereliction of duty is a federal crime.

You good people of Colorado have apparently been making some bad choices with your votes lately. Your governor and state lawmakers are idiots!

Sounds like Colorado needs a new Governor.

Get ready....Homeland Security purchased 2,700 light armored vehicles along with 1.6 billion bullets! Things are going to get real bad real soon in America.  Obama is "Fundamentally Changing" it into a Socialist/Dictatorship.

And yet this twisted perverted Gov. John Hickenlooper won't pass Jessica's law protecting children against child rapist. He's to busy legalizing marijuana and pushing gun "control" laws while children in Colorado suffer at the hands of perverts and do nothing politicians.Nothing like government using the Constitution that put them in power abusing the Constitution to take rights.Ignore my rights, I ignore your election. Welcome to the Second Amendment. I have Supreme Court justification. You?

This decision is from the corrupt,democrat,idiot politicians,not the people who they are supposed to represent.They no longer represent the people, they only represent crackhead obamas corrupt regime,and their own personal beliefs.Remove them all.

"I think it will make it more difficult for people to get guns who shouldn't have them, and that's really the goal," said Democratic Rep. Beth McCann on the expanded background checks.Beth, criminals don't get guns through legal means. DUH!!!! What is she smoking?

"I think it will make it more difficult for people to get guns who shouldn't have them, and that's really the goal," said Democratic Rep. Beth McCann on the expanded background checks.  And pigs will fly too....

Criminals are celebrating because the Colorado governor took their side and went against the Constitution.

Magpul Industries would be welcomed with Open arms in Indiana.Indiana is a Red State who takes their constitution and the people's rights seriously and we do not allow no interferance from Democraps!!! Bring your magazines and bring your Jobs....we could use both and we would all prosper better !!!!

@Michael who writes: "Ok Magpul. Time to leave"Heck Michael this will set sales records for M3's at Magpul. They will be burning the factory lights 24X7 just in sales in Colorado between now and 1 July 2013.

Next election this commie is history!!

Hicklegoober and his fellow Dem control freaks will pay at the polls...

I'm sure the downtown gansters will have high cap mags . Kinda like Stealth bundled Pac monies in Congress and Aipac. I would not expect anything  positive from Ashkenazi  gangster NDAA drone poodle pres. Obama.. Except more Fascism and debt.Anti-gun law in Colorado is equal to a personal invitation to illegal alien criminals...and domestic criminals to "come live and do your thing in Colorado!"

Colorado....."Mass Murder State"  Can't "ban" all the crazies in your State.

Democrats no matter how much you try, gay marriage and gun control are not on the minds of most Americans, it is jobs and housing.

This from the same state that won't even allow a vote on Jessicas Law.'Colorado is not a good place to raise a family, and my family will no longer skication there. Those people do not deserve my business.

As a Native of this once great state, I have been over-run by liberal sheep. I watched the one sided debate regarding the magazine ban and I was drawn back by how little argument there was for this bill, just a comment here and there how they urge a yes vote. There hasn't been any logical thought process by anyone authoring any of these bills, just a huge push for political party agenda. Even the Colorado Sherriffs coalition said it's not enforceable and they WILL not enforce it. What else needs to be said? Chickenlooper, this fight has just started!

I didn't vote for likenpooper or any democrap. I guess two thirds of the state will become criminal. Way to go likenpooper ,you #$%$

"I think it will make it more difficult for people to get guns who shouldn't have them, and that's really the goal," said Democratic Rep. Beth McCann on the expanded background checks."  Yes.That makes sense. More laws to stop people who don't obey laws. Am I the only one who sees the futility in this?

Elections aren't that far away.  The Democrats need to be taught a lesson.  They have failed to listen to the people so the people will need to speak louder during the next elections.  If I were a Democratic member of the state House or Senate in Colorado, or if I were the Democratic governor there, I would be mindful of the fact that the majority of the state DISAGREES with THEIR POLICIES.

What happened to signing into law the amendment that got a majority vote "64"? I don't remember voting on additional gun control.I guess these politicians don't value their jobs or reelection.

Hopefully Colorado voters will show their displeasure at the polls next time...The party of idiots back by idiots and another country full of them.

Now that the Bill of Rights is trash, name your authority to tax, Colorado. What document do you hold to retain rights to pass laws?

Keep guns, ban liberals.

Notice one sentence in this, where Colorado was being watched by Congress "....because the state was seen as a bellwether." Know what that is? The leading sheep of a flock of sheep, traditionally  wearing a bell. And it is an attribute of sheep, that they tend to follow the movements of those preceding them in a flock.

Colorado. Liberals fleeing California and the utopia they can't live under anymore. Running from themselves.

With the liberal whack jobs in this country, you need a mobile job where you can just move from state to state.  Colorado use to be a great state, but it is now a bastion for the finge nuts.

it is almost impossible to enforce any of these ignorant laws. Now your citizens will go elsewhere to spend their money on their 30 round magazines and some of your manufacturing base should leave. Boycotting something made in your state, employing legally, some of your VOTERS does not seem like a brilliant move. I hope you all get voted out. Citizens of Colorado, is this the representation you voted for?

Someone, it will take a lib. Explain to me how the government takes 35% of my check every week and I have no one going to these schools. And someone who works with me has 10 kids going to school up here and pays nothing!!! Gets back every penny he pays in through tax refund!!! #$%$!!!

after smoking all that pot they just want to feel good.nice feel good laws. you can't outlaw evil but you can vote them out of office.

Boycott Colorado!Now watch crime soar in Colorado, just like Chicago or anywhere else these knee-jerk, feel good, totalitarian nuttters enact these laws.

NO..............................................................................................................................

How can anyone who loves freedom and/or firearms not spend $25 a year for a nra membership to save both???????

Is a very dark day for Colorado. Democrats will wonder some day where their freedoms have gone....

Impeach all these radical liberal communist!!!!!!

It will just be chalanged and he will be impeached

I figured Colorado would fold.  Time to start punishing the law abiding citizen and ignore the criminal.  That's all these laws do.  Criminal doesn't obey laws and the law abiding citizen does.  So let's see how many criminals this stops.  See, unlike what Beth McCann thinks, these laws and restrictions and bans will not make it tougher for people who shouldn't have guns to have them.  They aren't buying them from a legitimate source.  But let her go on believing these laws will make all the guns vanish.

Well we will see if Bloomberg's money is worth the beating the legislators will get the next election.  Some group in Durango has started a recall petition for the main pushers of the gun control.  Denver slated to be the next Chicago.

Magpul manufacturing is going to flood the market with extended magazines before they relocate and before the law takes effect,  Magazines should be real cheap, buy em up, buy all you can.  Cheaper then dirt still has lots off ammo, get it while you can. Da chit is going to hit the wall sooner then later!!

Can't wait for the next election.The Democrats screamed about Water Boarding, but now drone strikes on Americans on American soil, crickets...........

OK - as long as he checks first with the sheriff of Greeley to make sure it's alright.

So when this Governor, and all of his helpers, gets defeated for ignoring the second of ten Bill of rights, will there be this much fanfair? I think it is time for civil disobediance, and if needed, open defiance of our governments. They are pushing us to civil war.

What are the kookie politicians going to do when the Sheriff's wont enforce their stupid piece of paper?

Does this law mean that Illegal Aliens cannot own guns or are they exempt from this law as well?

What happened to "WE THE PEOPLE" Colorado???? This is nothing more than a railroad job from the FAR LEFT to pound their chest to the rest of the country to say "look at us"!!Why not enforce the laws that are already written you LIBTURDS!!?!!

Well I guess the Colorado Legislatures decide to draft a bill, then vote and pass it without the voters getting a chance to vote on it. Coloradoans deserve to loose their rights, for voting in Liberal, Progressive Democrats who don’t take their Oath to Protect, Preserve and Defend the Constitution seriously.

What an Idiot! Put this guy on the list to be voted out.

CO joins NY &amp; CA in the liberal 'Gun free &amp; bankrupt' rush.

hey colorado, you get what you vote for...  and wait until you idiots see the fine print:  the magazine ban also bans any magazine that "can be modified to accept higher bullet limits"...   that is most every magazine sold.  You jacka$$es elected women who said rape whistles were more effective than guns to prevent crime.  But then again, you turds loved John Denver too...They need to leave the CONSTITUTION alone!!!

Sure is sad that Colorado is going in the same direction that Adolf Hitler did to Germany during WW2.  The voters will speak out and be heard during next elections.

Go for Magpul, you know Texas, North Carolina, Mississippi, and many other states that support the 2nd Amendment want your company and the jobs you provide for them...To Hell with Colorado...

Ban all you want Colorado but you have all the "crazies" in your State and you won't be able to "ban" them. Colorado known as the.........."Mass Murder State"

Somebody stop him before it's too late!

Gov. John Hickenlooper I hope you have a good retirement plan.

Welp this guy can plan on being voted out of office and getting death threats from the right wingers not to mention driving away gun owners and companies related to it.

Colorado can say goodbye to MagPul and about 1000 good paying jobs thanks to these Marxists.

Hickenloopy may sign the bills, but we have to make him a one term Governor! And all the other dems too!

Move Magpul!! Of course, it won't hurt any democrates because they don't want to work for a living anyway. But they sure do like the taxes on those that have a job.Colorado just got safer...all the criminals are forming a line right now to turn in their high capacity magazines.  Way to go!!!

So they are "debating " whether or not your rights can be violated if you have been "accused" of a crime?

Waller called the exemption "a monumental inconsistency in their thought process." This is also how America views its government decision making.

This is all liberal garbage. The real unaddressed problem is that the crips, bloods, ms-13, latin kings, los zetas remain well armed. Law abiding citizens are more at risk. Coming to your neighborhood.....Zulu Wars

two words "simply stupid"

Sooo what I see is that IF a criminal gets a gun and uses a HIGH CAP "Clip" even after all these so called restrictions where enacted will that prove these laws were pointless?These fools never confirmed that these laws would prevent another mass killing at all. they THINK it will..........If they fail to reduce crime and another shooting can we sue them?

I'm sure it will stop gun-violence immediately. (Fools)

I seriously hope,,mag-pal,,moves out of colorado,,like he said he would,,,maybe some idiots will wake up someday,,when everyone leaves these crazy states.............

Democrat druggies won,Colorado lost.  No guns but all the MJ you can smoke..... I don't blame MAGPUL for leaving that crazy Kalifornia influenced state.

Cheaper the dirt has in stock 100 round drums for the AR 15s, buy while you can Colorado!!Magpul is going to unload massive amounts of extended clips before the leave the state, as they stated they are going to flood the market, should bring the price down some as they will no longer be selling to the state of Colorado.  I've not seen the new Gen 3 mags but they will flood the market with Gen 2 PMAG with the dust cover...get em while you can!!!!"It's an interruption in the spraying of bullets."Do these congresscritters ever get tired of their own ignorance?

Hickenlooper didn't even respond to my letters expressing my economic impact on Colorado as a sportsman - and I'm not alone. Not a single life will be saved by any of these, but may reduce the number of incumbents returned to office...

Get the unemployment check writing pen out, and some extra ink. No out of state hunting licenses, no one hiring guides, outfitters. Empty lodges, hotels, gun manufacturing company's moving. Firearm accessories companies moving. Gun owning skiers gone etc. Why are libs job killers not job creaters?

this will be the beginning.  other states may try to enact the same rules over time, but this will be the catalyst to something dreadful.

this country don't have a gun problem, It has a Liberal problem..

Maybe they should consider banning "people" who have never had a job but have 15 children and life long government assistance (taxpayers money).... sigh.... a taxpayer is someone who works at a job... a job is awww hell never mind......sigh.

It will come back and bite them in the A__.

"These precious rights were fixed in our Constitution only after centuries of persecution and struggle. And in the words of Chief Justice Marshall, they were secured "for ages to come, and . . . designed to approach immortality as nearly as human institutions can approach it,"Cohens v. Virginia, 6 Wheat. 264, 387 (1821)."The significance of the decision making process and legal precedents of Miranda v. Arizona are also important here, although I don't have the exact quote.See you in court, Hickenloser.

It's not about public safety and never has been. It's about controlling the population. All the debate about self defense, hunting, only needing certain types of firearms etc, is a distraction from the true intent, which is to systematically and by degrees, move the USA toward eviscerating the 2nd Amendment's true purpose of providing an effective deterrent to centralized government tyranny. They know it, and many of us know it, and EVERYBODY NEEDS TO KNOW IT!

At least progressive Democrat's favor giving guns to Egyptians, Libyan's, and Afghans.Thank God there will be no more crime in Colorado!

I like how they called it a "democratic victory". We will see how victorious they feel after the upcoming elections. LOL!

Liberals are like the Borg, when they are done assimilating one place they just head off to another.  I though Colorado was a wild west frontier state.

So Hickenpooper has already figured out he's not going to be governor again so he's going out screwing the people that voted him.What a F'n coward POS&gt;

I can see a court battle coming and many democraps looking for work soon. magpull rocks,

And another 1000 people just joined the NRA.  Citizens of Colorado, keep your powder dry and remember the clowns that voted for this ridiculous law in November!

When seconds count, the police will be there in minutes.

Colorado died a long time ago, it is now another state overrun with cry babies from other states that will run it into the ground with all their unnecessary feel good laws.

Not being from Colorado  I really should not say anything. This was... and is... the choice of the people who live there. If they did not want these laws they ... the citizens of Colorado should have been out in full force to stop these laws. Colorado has some beautiful fly fishing streams. Sad ......they lost my future business.

Same old ignorance of the left.  Hundreds, if not thousands, of laws already on the books concerning guns, yet criminals don't obey them.  Now we add a few more, and we think criminals are going to all of a sudden follow them?Fact:  Every 47 minutes, a gun is used for murder.Fact:  Every 2 minutes, a gun is used for self-defense.Fact:  Guns are used at least 23 times more for self defense than for murder.Problem:  The liberal left cares nothing about facts...they only care about control of the masses.Hitler used the same tactics.i will spend no more money in that state

No big deal.If 3 or 4 thugs are breaking into your house to rape and kill your children and then set them on fire while they make you watch, all you need is a pair of scissors to fend them off.Right LiberCrats?

We'll remember who voted for these bills and who signed them into law when it's our turn to vote. Don't get too comfortable in your office.

Politicians cannot be allowed to violate the Constitution..........The people must must vote and approve any changes.

Whats the point?  The Sheriff said they won't enforce it.  And after the next election, new laws will be in place to void this one.  This is Colorado people, not Maryland.

Politicians are delusional.  At the Federal level, we have our communist agenda folks smuggling automatic weapons to their drug lord friends.  The bad guys will have all the high capacity magazines and ammo they want.  The good guys will be left throwing rocks.  Up is now the new down and left is the new right.

Gov Hickenpooper is a Democrap.

We don't belong to the government, the government belongs to the people.

It is good that Magpul Industries will find a more friendly state.Democrats do not care about jobs or the desires of the people anyway.

Hickenlooper? Where do they find these people?More jobs moving to Texas. We win!

Guess it's injunction and referendum time. We'll see just how popular these laws are

"I think it will make it more difficult for people to get guns who shouldn't have them, and that's really the goal," said Democratic Rep. Beth McCann on the expanded background checks.Nope, criminals will still get them regardless, from either Eric Holder, or another black market.

Denver is the center of many #$%$ operations.  Columbine for instance the homes all around the school are retired navy intel, army intel, CIA, ect and half the school was absent that day.  Theater shootings, kid was part of a DARPA mind control program.  Denver is like #$%$ city, take a tour of their NWO airport if you really want to be freaked out.

Another victory for those that would steal freedom. One sentence at a time.

you filthy basterd:(...you lied to me,you told me that these gun control laws would never pass in Colorado:(...I'll never forgive you for lying to me:(

The next big massacre will most likely be in CO.  That's where all the criminals will go because they know that people will be sitting ducks!  Good job, CO!  I've never been to your State and now I have absolutely NO intention of ever doing so!  Such leftist ignorance.....PATHETIC!!!

I wouldnt want to bbe any of those democrats next election.......

Will someone please explain to me how this will get illegal guns off the streets?

You wonder why suddenly there are shortages of almost any weapon that can fire a bullet?  Shortage of ammunition?  Shortage of primers, bullets, brass and magazines?The manufacturers are running at full capacity?This is not just a panic, this is an indicator of a people gearing up for war.The sheriffs in that state are manning up and stepping forward to say that they refuse to enforce these new controls. Without a doubt this will go to the supreme court.

This is terrible. I live in Denver. Actually go to the Aurora theater where James Holmes gunned everyone down. This will do nothing to prevent shootings like that in the future. I can only hope that I am not there when the next one happens. Obviously the State has no plans to identify at-risk individuals. We think we will control them by taking away their gun rights. And if there is a plan to identify high risk individuals, then why aren't we talking about that??

Seeing as criminals in California have burned the place out of victims, they can follow liberals who burned California out and running away.

The Governor should be hanged!!

Lickenpooper clearly enjoys the taste of democrap.

Welcome to Texas Magpul..I will be sking in Montana or NM no more dollars for Colorado..

Would the last good person leaving Colorado please turn off the lights. The bad guys won't.Thank you!

i hope the left is loving this now. short lived win

Electing self-centered Democrats does have create serious problems for those that prefer a smaller less interferring Government. Think before voting next time.

CHRISTIAN, HETEROSEXUAL, PRO-GUN and CONSERVATIVE.....Any questions?Hickenlooper ..... Loopendicker...... Doopenlicker .....

Poor Colorado taken over by the caliphony borg.

The black market has a much better selection of weapons.

I think next they it will make it more difficult for people to say certain things or limited the number of people who can assemble,  not let people speak who shouldn't and that's really the goal,"  You give up your 2nd amendment rights, the rest follow sooner than later.

Guess Colorado's Legislature forgot the same Constitution they want to abuse created their government to begin with. Want to play rights in a government of, by and for the people?

Colorado - The NEW red state!

A very career limiting move...c-ya

And the whole time the corrupt government knows it will do no good.

I hope he does better in his next job.

Dear dumbascraps, get your welfare loving butts off the couch and get a job!ZEIG HEIL Adolf Hickenlooper !!!!

How about a background check for all Presidential candidates? That would do us ALL some good! And wouldn't be nearly as expensive as getting a socialist, muslim sympathizer with communist connections elected has been!

Democrats believe everything in the constitution is not a right....and things that aren't in it are. When we are rid of them entirely, we will be a free country again.

For anyone who does not believe that the federal government is getting ready to take all our weapons please look up this video: Troops Ordered To Kill All Americans Who Do Not Turn In Guns. Let’s give the U.N.  and all the globalist puppets the same message George Washington and our fore-father gave the British in 1776. Also, remember, all the mass shooting that you see will be false flag operations to gain sympathy for their cause from the American people. If you do not want to be part of the U.N. you need to get ready to make a stand. As they say in New Hampshire “Live free of Die”.

Liberals enjoy taking things from others because they feel sexually inadequate.

Obama,Biden,Bloomberg,Hickenlooper......The best gun salesmen America has ever seen! Keep talking we will keep buying!

This is good. It helps the Coloradians identify the politicians who oppose the Constitution. Vote with your heart in the next election and then repeal the law. It might be a step back but the world did not end. Only a politician's career.

Unconstitutional, so count me out!

Gov. Hickenlooper: If, by chance, you are reading this, if you sign the legislation, you will be violating your oath of office to protect and defend the U.S. Constitution, and infringing on the rights of law-abiding gun owners in Colorado.A man's word (oath) is his bond.

"Magazine limits would reduce gun violence and have an impact during mass shootings, because they would force gunmen to reload more times, she said. "It's an interruption in the spraying of bullets.""Naive idiot. It takes less than 2 seconds to change magazines. Just another FEEL GOOD ACCOMPLISH NOTHING law by the socialists.And gunmen DON"T OBEY the law!!! These symbolic laws are ASININE and juvenile.Emotion void of logic.They will have ZERO affect on crime and do NOTHING to address the TRUE causes of crime.FBI statistics have consistently shown that the first five rounds fired out of a magazine tend to be the most accurate: after that adrenaline takes over and reduces accuracy. The moment or two it takes to replace the mag actually reduces the adrenaline shakes, reinvokes muscle memory and allows the shooter to resume with better accuracy.This was one reason why after the Platt Mireles shoot out forced them to reconsider their tactics that they initially went with the larger 10mm round despite reduced mag capacity.See guys, he's just trying to help us!

Colorado is  exactly what happens when liberals, who have ruined their own state, county, and municipality move in... It has taken about 25-30 years but Colorado is a microcosm of what is happening to this country... We're all so screwed!!!

My magazines went underground. Your are stupid stupid. Molon Labe. Gun control = violence; see Mexico.

I didn't even read the story.I just had to comment on the name.Hickenlooper,pretty much says it all.....

*  In 1929, the Soviet Union established gun control. From 1929 to 1953, about 20 million dissidents, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.  This doesn't include the 30 million 'Uncle Joe' starved to death in the Ukraine.*  In 1911, Turkey established gun control. From 1915 to 1917, 1.5 million Armenians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.*  Germany established gun control in 1938 and from 1939 to 1945, leaving a populace unable to defend itself against the Gestapo and SS.  Hundreds of thousands died as a result.* China established gun control in 1935. From 1948 to 1952, 20 million political dissidents, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.*  Guatemala established gun control in 1964. From 1964 to 1981, 100,000 Mayan Indians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.* Uganda established gun control in 1970. From 1971 to 1979, 300,000 Christians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated. The total dead are said to be 2-3 million* Cambodia established gun control in 1956. From 1975 to 1977, 1-2 million 'educated' people, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.*  Defenseless people rounded up and exterminated in the 20th Century because of gun control: 56 million at a bare minimum.* Gun owners in Australia were forced by new law to surrender 640,381 personal firearms to be destroyed by their own government, a program costing Australia taxpayers more than $500 million dollars. The first year results:Australia-wide, homicides went up 3.2 percentAustralia-wide, assaults went up 8.6 percentAustralia-wide, armed robberies went up 44 percent (yes, 44 percent)In the state of Victoria alone, homicides with firearms are now up 300 percent. Note that while the law-abiding citizens turned them in, the criminals did not, and criminals still possess their guns.It will never happen here? I bet the Aussies said that too.While figures over the previous 25 years showed a steady DECREASE in armed robbery with firearms, that changed drastically upward in the first  year after gun confiscation...since criminals now are guaranteed that their prey is unarmed.There has also been a dramatic increase in break-ins and assaults of the ELDERLY. Australian politicians are at a loss to explain how public safety  has decreased, after such monumental effort and expense was expended in successfully ridding Australian society of guns. The Australian experience and the other historical facts above prove it.You won't see this data on the US evening news, or hear politicians disseminating this information.Guns in the hands of honest citizens save lives and property and, yes, gun-control laws adversely affect only the law-abiding citizens.Take note my fellow Americans, before it's too late.The next time someone talks in favor of gun control, please remind him of this history lesson.During W.W.II the Japanese decided not to invade America because they knew most Americans were ARMED.Note: Admiral Yamamoto who crafted the attack on Pearl Harbor had attended Harvard University 1919-1921 &amp; was Naval Attaché to the U. S. 1925-28. Most of our Navy was destroyed at Pearl Harbor and our Army had been deprived of funding and was ill prepared to defend the country.It was reported that when asked why Japan did not follow up the Pearl Harbor attack with an invasion of the U. S. Mainland, his reply was that he had lived in the U. S. and knew that almost all households had guns.

Why do democrats disdain the US constitution so much?

They should have headed the article: The soon to be former governor of Colorado: Vote the foo out.

Check out rhonda fields arrest record, her poor son that was murdered, ha ha, more like gang related, but he uns such a good boy, BBBBSSSSS

They must have forgotten about the Batman movie last year. More shootings are going to happen now.

Colorado used to be a great state until the commie libs from California moved in and took over, now look at it. The libs have secured their "Utopia" and their "Unicorns" are safe for now. I will be out of Colorado by the end of the year and living in Idaho or Wyoming....Now these politicians can have a bill that bans books they don't like...

Enjoy your demo-rats you voted in and sold out your freedoms for you colorado fools hope what you hoped to get free out weighs the freedoms your throwing away. The guns wont be the last freedom's you will lose there it is just a start i prommis good luck idiots enjoy. Keep up the good work of throwing your freedoms in the #$%$ tank.

Ah yes...libturds and their background checks.....darn shame they didn't want a background check when they elected this imposter in the White House.....never been a LESS investigated Prez.....wonder why ? hmmmmm ?

Our rights come from nature and God, not from Government.

And the liberal agenda continues to crush the will of the people, do the good folks in Colorado get a say? I never heard about the big vote or even a show of hands, just a new law at the stroke of a liberal pen!!

i see a few that like this and say"your all talk you won't stand and fight"for the most part they are right.i say no more than 1 in 15 or 20 will fight.but when they do the law will have all it needs.then they will no longer ask"do you have any weapons"they will kick in doors to take them.the ones that carry out this task will not be noble like the sherrifs against gun control,no these will be bottom feeders bent on control,drunk with power.we saw this during katrina.cops taking guns with guns.so to all of you in favor of gun control,be warned.when they come to your house you can say"i am on your side,i don't have a gun"they will say#$%$.then they will kick in your door,and remember these guys will be drunk with power,and trust me they will have drop guns to justifywhen they shoot and kill un-armed Americans.they will most likely rape your wives and daughters.so go ahead and try to usher in the new and safe America.who knows maybe you will be dead before they get hold to your family.as for meMOLON LABE

a hickenlooper i caught 1 in a rat trap once

Here's the thing......these laws are only applicable in Colorado. One could drive out of state and legally do everything in these laws.

@Michael who  writes:  "Ok Magpul. Time to leave"Heck Michael this   will  set   sales  records  for   M3's  at   Magpul.   They  will  be  burning  the  factory  lights  24X7  just in  sales   in  Colorado  between  now  and  1 July 2013.

"Magazine limits would reduce gun violence and have an impact during mass shootings, because they would force gunmen to reload more times" I say we give Democratic Rep. Beth McCann a live fire demonstration of her in a movie theater with a 50 round clip and a roomful of law abiding concealed carry citizens.. i dare her to see if she could take them out with high capacity clips..Colorado, right about weed, wrong about guns.

If this "attack" on our gun rights is not stopped.......Bows are on the horizon.

First the guns then the bank accounts.

It will be overturned when the Republicans are in charge again...

Joseph...You are an idiot!

Ban colorado

It's not about gun control at all. Assault style rifles account for approximately 3% of all gun related deaths. Three times as many people are killed with hands and feet. It's all about people control because people without guns are sheeple. Homeland security is buying tanks, assault rifles and over a billion bullets at the same time the government is trying to disarm us. Wake up people. Your liberty and freedom are at stake. And, no I'm not a conspiracy theorist.

being aex coloradian im glad i dont live there anymore. im sure if a vote was taken honestly (which is doubtful ) the people would vote against it. hickinbloomer would overthrow it im sure. i would hope the people there would run this jerk out of town on a rail.  maybe some tar and feathers added for good measure

Let's see... Strictest gun control for law-abiding citizens, no Jessica's Law, and tuition assistance for illegal aliens... What a screwed up state!!!!  I expect that #$%$ on the coasts, but not here... Colorado used to be a beautiful state with a strong western heritage, now it's full of liberals, and we can see where that goes... My prayers go out to the 128 conservatives left in Colorado... run for your lives!!!!

I sincerely hope that the nra &amp; other gun advocacy groups file a court challenge to this knee-jerk legislation. If banning firearms or limiting magazine capacity was the answer to gun crimes, then we should consider banning cars to prevent drunk driving &amp; banning or at least limiting access to heroin &amp; cocaine to prevent drug abuse. Oh, wait a minute, one of those options is considered ludicrious &amp; the other has unsuccessfully been the law for decades. Criminals don't abide by the law &amp; a hundred new laws won't change that fact. So don't disarm those who choose to be legally armed. An unarmed citizen is called a servant &amp; an unarmed populace is called victims eventuallyGood luck with that!!! Lets see how many people actually turn guns in or ammo magazines. Remember, when in doubt, empty it out!!

I would feel sorry for the magazine manufacturer's employees, but I rightfully despise these despicable liberals who move to conservative states and screw it up there too, just like they screwed up the liberals states.  It's not just about gun-rights.  CA used to be the land of opportunity, now the liberals turned it into a prison.

Governor's gotta be high to infringe on the second amendment...oh wait

TRAITOR

rhonda fields what an upstanding leader hahahahahahahahahaah

Unconstitutional laws are not laws at all.  The Sheriffs get this.

Hey Hickenlooper...You really are one LOOPY Fluck of a DUMBOCRAT GUY...........Yeeesh

The Democratic party coming after your freedom one little law at a time. A Democratic utopia is where no one has to think there will always be a law for that.Wake up America is this what you really want?

keepem comin democrats.. you guys are just giving your jobs away.. makin it too easy..

Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper will sign legislation Wednesday that sets limits on ammunition magazines and expands background checks for firearms, marking a Democratic victory in a state where gun ownership is a treasured right and Second Amendment debate has played out in the wake of two mass shootings. 2nd Amendment! Nobama!Complete Idiots....

I prefer to buy my guns on the street anyways. No big deal.Pass all the laws you want. Just like drugs, there will always be a supply, because there is a demand. That is business 101. Not that I expect the economically inept leaders of Colorado to understand business and basic math or anything of the sort.

One good thing about this - republican governor &amp; house next election!!! The laws will be repealed then.. Just like obamacare next election

All feel good BS. These idiots don't have a clue on how to increase public safety. None of this will matter to anyone bent on harming others. This only limits the law abiding citizens in their ability to protect themselves. Period. Doesn't anyone know how fast a magazine can be changed in any gun? Means nothing. Maybe some bad guy could have more than one gun? Pathetic, just pathetic. These crazies are on the loose because the government want's it that way. The shooter in Aurora had a former Air force psychiatrist. Just what kind of meds was he on? What kind of chemical cocktail makes someone want to kill groups of people? Questions that the media should be asking but they aren't. I wonder why???

Shows you that no amount of reasoning or debate will stop the government from doing what it wants to do.  As long as the media twists the stories, the will of the people will be suppressed.

I live in colorado,I will sleep safe knowing law abiding citizens are weakened,I am a liberal #$%$, and I like see  America destroyed  and like wiping my butt with the bill of rights, you republicans are silly for wanting things normal and non-chaotic I will vote for the most Marxist Russian mother f'er I can next time,see you in he'll comrades.

With 250,000,000. guns owned the USA . Wonder how many gun owners will vote Democrate this next few elections .

Yahoo, perhaps you can explain why you keep deleting my posts?

The governor is signing his political death warrant. Watch and learn.

"To preserve Liberty, it is essential that the whole body of the people always possess arms, and be taught alike, especially when young, how to use them"~ Richard Henry LeeAny and all laws related to guns/magazines/ammo is unconstitutional under the 2nd amendment. The people were ment to have weapons capable of dealing with a corrupt government.They grow 'em crazy in Colorado--mass killers and do-gooder politicians.

So, no legislation about the mentally ill?  No new laws about locking up guns?  This ridiculous idea about limiting the purchase of magazines larger than a certain size only forces buyers to go to another state to purchase, thus reducing the economy of Colorado and doing nothing to prevent a skilled shooter from changing magazines quickly in order to pump out more bullets.  The people supporting this type of legislation have been waiting for the opportune moment to pass these restrictive laws--makes you wonder if there might be a conspiracy--or did they pay the shooter?  It is just disgusting--and the long-term end result?  Law abiding citizens are forced to further restrict their constitutional liberties, while criminals are merely forced to look elsewhere for their weaponry (hee, hee, watch the black market grow in Colorado--hey, maybe it is the criminal world who is paying the liberal law makers).

Now they'll use bombs instead to kill lots of people.Ask the middle east,it's cheaper and easy'er to build bombs with god knows what,than it is to build a munitions plant???

Calirado

well ... there is another state I have no desire to visit.  There is going to come a time when anyone who respects the constitution will have to move to texas, and help them to defend those lands after they secede.  I will be taking all of my guns and ammo with me.  ;o)

Makes no sense. Limiting magazines or banning the sale of assault weapons (semi-auto) mind you, this is only punishing good law abiding citizens who are gunowners. This will not prevent criminals from purchasing them from the black market.Our own attorney general, Eric Holder allowed the drug cartels  access to these guns by handing out these so called assault weapons remember!  Where is the justice in that?Amercia* is losing the foundations and principals this nation was built on. Oh! and yes! Mr Pres....we built it!Save' our Consititution.. maintain our rights to liberty and to be free! We as a nation have lossed the will and compassion to stand up for these rights. Any legislation or new law should go before the general public for a vote, not decided by political bias or a private agenda.Respect your rights to be heard... your forefathers would have been proud. Long live Texas!  God bless the USA*

@Acorn Buster  who  writes: "I hope the gov does sign it. He will be gone next election and the real Coloradians and take back their state"I  wouldnt  hold  my  breath on that happening   buster.  Latest  polling  data in  Colorado.Near universal agreement with preventing people with serious mental health problems fromowning a gun: 95% agree – 4% disagree.More than 8-of-10 voters agree with allowing judges to order someone who is convicted ofdomestic violence or given a restraining order to surrender their guns to the court: 84%agree – 12% disagree.8-of-10 voters agree with requiring all private gun sales to go through a licensed dealer andbe subject to a background check: 80% agree – 19% disagree.6-of-10 voters agree with banning the sale and possession of high-capacity or extendedammunition magazines, which allow some guns to shoot more than 15 bullets before reloading: 61% agree – 36% disagree.

take away his body guards and protection .paid for by tax payers..he can go fk himself...

Well, it had to start somewhere I guess..... :)   Good luck to all

Sounds like Colorado is among the banishment from the United States list.  We don't want you!now with this stupid law what makes it different than someone who want to do harm goes out of state buys a few high capacity magazines there and goes on a rampage. Also the criminals don,t give a hoot what law is passed or on the books. this did NOT solve anything all bull and idiots at work dictating their way.

John Hickenlooper should stand trial for high treason and extradited to North Korea

Time to move my money away from this restrictive state.

What happened to Colorado, everyone is wondering.  All my Liberal neighbors here in Ca. moved there!  Good  for me, but bad for Denver.

The rights of the citizenry of Colorado is being infringed upon.

Stay out of our Bill of Rights and Constitutional rights!!!

Americans are 15 times more likely to be shot than any citizen of any other developed country in the world. 3.3 gun murders per 100,000 people in USA vs 0.2 in Germany, the UK, Spain, the Netherlands. Canada is the closest at 0.5.

TO THE COLORADO MAYOR,,REMEMBER THIS,,,,WHEN U ARE THE MAYOR,,AND HAVE NOTHING,,,,,THAT MAKES U THE MAYOR OF NOTHING...BYE BYE,,MAG-PAL,,,WELCOME TO TEXAS.........................................

It's cheaper to buy your guns in a dark alley anyways...nothing accomplished here.

Just move all gun related business out of the state.  Than fire everyone who voted for it in the next election. Gun shops might as well shut down and all gun business should refuse to sell to any government agency.I prefer to buy my guns on the street anyways. No big deal.Pass all the laws you want. Just like drugs, there will always be a supply, because there is a demand. That is business 101. Not that I expect the economically inept leaders of Colorado to understand business and basic math or anything of the sort.

I have to give more credit to the people of Colorado or any other State than to politicians who play games and embrace lobbyist of any sort to bring loyalty back to its voters rather payments to politicians big money brothers.It also shows that Republicans do not always get 100% their say or what they wish in every State.

Does Colorado still hang politicians that break the oath of office?

The right to bear arms is an individual right, and is not granted by the government.The founders did not trust the government with the right and purposely omitted it from the enumerated powers.  But the People were not satisfied, and they voted on an amendment to be added that would bar ALL types of Arms laws - It was voted on, passed, and the government was forbidden to act.ALL laws that regulate arms are illegitimate, and have no foundation in law.  Even the cases from the Supreme Court are moot because the court was never granted jurisdiction over this right.   The right belongs to the people, and not to the government.A Right is defined as...The standard of permitted or forbidden action within a certain sphere;  The Legal Ethical and Moral Title or claim to the possession of property or authority; That which we have a personal obligation; The title to something properly possessed by a person; What one may properly claim, one's due.A Title is defined as...To Designate by a certain name - to describe, term, style, name - an action, or property.A privilege is defined as...A special right granted to a person or people which otherwise would be disallowed or illegal.We own the right.  We own the name of the right.  We own the right to exercise that right by the terms we set.  We own the authority of the right and the right to define what it is.It is a Right, not a privilege to be banned, regulated, and limited.  Any politician who attempts to limit this right has committed a crime against the people of the United States, and has violated his oath of office to abide the Constitution - INCLUDING the limits we imposed on the government.The right is an individual right, individual to me, and individual to you.  We both, collectively and separately have the responsibility of our own actions - and if we violate the law with our right to bear arms, then we individually should stand for those crimes.  That is the burden we bear for keeping this right to ourselves, and the responsibility we bear for those who violate the trust placed in them by the People and by our founders.

LGS's around here are selling 30 rd AR and AK mags pretty cheap. They want to flood the market so everyone has standard capacity mags, thus making the law moot.

Make sure to sign the petition at CHANGE DOT ORG to get this fool recalled. SPREAD THIS EVERYWHERE, he doesn't listen to the people and doesn't deserve to even be a one term governor.

It is so strange that these politicians don't understand - criminals will have hi-capacity magazines and weapons!   ONLY people affected are law abiding people!   AMERICA WAKE UP PLEASE!   Mentally ill and psycopathic people kill people with whatever "TOOL" they decide to use!    Hammers - bats - kitchen knives -CARS - OH - the heck with it!  If I have to write it down for you- you are too stupid to understand it anyway!

Magazine limits would reduce gun violence and have an impact during mass shootings, because they would force gunmen to reload more times, she said. "It's an interruption in the spraying of bullets."and we have evidence of this???  force to reload or just carry more guns.... this is so stupid, but how do you combat stupid?  if you tell a stupid person they are stupid, will they understand what stupid is?  like telling a rock it is a rock....

I am a police officer. I was an active duty in the Marines from May 2001 to May 2006, honorably discharged as a Sergeant. I was a weapons instructor in the military. I am a firearms instructor and less lethal instructor as a police officer. I have a BS degree in Criminal Justice and I am half way done with my Masters. The responsibility is in the hands of the operator; whether it is a car, gun or a hammer. Please read the following.Criminals are less likely to commit a crime knowing that people are armed and willing to defend themselves. Here is something to think about if people are truly worried about numbers of people being killed or injured. I served active duty in the United States Marine Corps from May 2001 to May 2006. I am also a full time police officer, and been in security/law enforcement for 15 years 5 of them in the Corps. I have been a part of more vehicle incidences involving serious bodily injury or death than I have been involved with gun incidences involving serious bodily injury or death. So you might be thinking that making cars illegal is absurd. I feel making semi-automatic rifles, shotguns and handguns illegal is absurd. I feel making cars illegal is absurd. The responsibility belongs to the OPERATOR. If you outlaw these types of guns then only outlaws will possess them. Some say there is no need for civilians to have them. I disagree, because I own an AR15 and I have hunted with it. You can hunt with an AR15 as long as you use a magazine that holds no more than 5 rounds. I have shot cans with it. I have shot watermelons with it. Shooting the AR15 is fun. I use it responsibly. I use my AR15 like another person may use a shotgun to shoot at clay targets. What we need to do is enforce the laws that we already have. What Judges, prosecuting attorneys and county attorneys need to do is prosecute to the full extent of the law and stop allowing charges to get pled down. Like the man who killed his grandma with a hammer; then shot at firemen coming to his home to put the fire out after he got out of jail. From what I understand he was initially charged with murder 1 for killing his own grandmother; then it was pled down to manslaughter. By having the charges pled down allowed him to get out of jail instead of staying in.The second Amendment of the Constitution has four parts to it separated by commas:1. A well regulated Militia2. Being necessary to the security of a free State3. The RIGHT of the PEOPLE to keep and bear ARMS4. Shall NOT be infringedAs a whole the second Amendment of the Constitution states “A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.”Mrs. Feinstein brought up the issue of owning a bazooka. The M136 84 MM Anti-Tank Cartridge (AT-4) is a device (not a firearm) that creates an explosion when it hits something much like a grenade does when it goes off. Both Grenades and the AT-4 type weapons are strictly controlled by the military and the ATF. These types of weapons are illegal to own by anyone and are illegal to possess; unless you are working as a Government agent that requires you to have such weapons for example the military, ATF, FBI and so on. There is not any reason why a civilian needs to own an AT-4 or grenades.Semi-automatic weapons are weapons that have a magazine (not a clip for the AR15) fire one bullet each time you pull the trigger. A fully automatic weapon shoots more than one round at a time when the trigger is pulled. At this time in Nebraska you can own a semi-automatic weapon without having a special permit. To own a fully automatic weapon you need a special permit which takes time and money to receive. A person who is responsible who is not a felon or has not been convicted of domestic violence, and has not been convicted of any crime of violence and can pass a background investigation should be able to own a gun. That is the way it is in most states.

hay colorado keep voting for libs AKA  dems idiotsGun Control is more about control than guns....

..what's his next gig after he loses as Governor, next election?

Magazine limit- won't help, fruitless attempt at slowing things down.  Background check- it's about time our government did something worthwhile (see large soda ban legislation).  Let's concentrate on keeping people from getting to the point of murder and not focus on one of the tools used in the (already illegal) act of murder.  The magazine ban is total BS.  It won't make a difference because a reload takes so little time.  What could help is getting America out of the Democratic/Plastic/PC haze it's been in for too long.  People aren't all the same, bring God back into our country, quit being #$%$'s about everything and stop being so PC.

commie

Colorado Governor just signed his political career away after his term is done.

Biggest mistake in his political career. Welcome to the new California! Adios!

What a waste of time, bans are useless when there is a huge supply of the banned items that were legal for many years.  Mankind has always failed to cure mental illness, even with meds, some stop taking them or snap into a deranged state and slaughter people.

State's rights matter but are subject to federal constitutional review. If the people disagree with their elected representatives, they can replace them with ones they support and I bet there will be plenty offering to run next time around. Until then, PRC = People's Republic of Colorado.

Vote the democrats out of office and the spineless republicans who went along with it.

other democratic gun control proposal still pending in the state legislature enclude a ban on gun ownership by people accused of domestic violance, so if i have a family spat i can't own a gun? give me a break!!!!Sure... sign it and show your willingness to expose your citizens to additional dangers.  In the end though, it does not change a thing.

I am a gun rights supporter but I don't see this as being a huge hurdle to gun owners.  It is minimally invasive compared to New York and some other municipalities.  I'm not convinced that it will put a serious dent in gun violence either but it is still a less intrusive measure being used to see if less gun violence results from it.  That is about as far as I'm willing to take it.  If the gun violence doesn't go down and they try to implement more "common sense legislation", I will not support them for the simple fact that if there is no decrease in gun violence, then the NRA will have proven themselves correct that the ONLY thing the "feel good" legislation accomplished was inconveniencing lawful gun owners.  If gun violence decreases, then I'm willing to admit that I was wrong and they were right.  By the same token, I would expect them to do the same and repeal those laws if they are wrong.

If the freedom of expression is not an absolute right, what makes people think that the right to bear arms is an absolute right? Makes no sense.

I guess i can mark off Colorado off the list of states i will live in. can't take take our second amendment rights away.

Unbelievable I voted for some of these politicians.  They Won't get my vote next time around.  And I agree, leave it to the vote of the people!

Support the civil disobedience in the communities whose local elected officials have passed resolutions NOT to enforce ANY law passed at the state or federal level that would restrict our second amendment rights!!

The Democrats need to keep in mind that the last election was not a landslide.They were not given political capitol by the majority. The next election will be different. we will not forget who voted for what and legislative seats will change to those who will listen to constituents.

"Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper will sign legislation Wednesday that sets limits on ammunition magazines and expands background checks for firearms, marking a Democratic victory in a state where gun ownership is a treasured right and Second Amendment ..."The recall paperwork has already been filed by Rocky Mountain Gun Owners on behalf of Magpul and other parties.  Hickenlooper is going to be either recalled or voted out in 2014.  All 62 of the Colorado Sheriffs oppose the magazine ban (and most of the other measures).  Some 21 of the county Sheriffs have vowed to ignore the ban on magazines by not enforcing it.  The Democrat overreach in Colorado will nearly garauntee a Republican victory in 2014.  This state is 37% Republican, 33% Democrat, and 30% Libertarian (unaffiliated).  The Dems have really screwed up with these bills.

Criminals are NOT getting their weapons legally. Don't these Democrats understand this concept? New laws are not going to do #$%$! My goodness this state has gone to #$%$.

The real reason behind the shootings is a mental health issue. Dems capitalize on any tragedy to push their unfounded unpopular ideas always failing to address the hard issues. They are disgusting.Rope.  Tree.  Politician.Some assembly required.

Its not much of a fight when the Dem gun baners out number the Repub believers in the 2nd amendment.

OK ONE MORE TIME.... even though I WONT get an answer to the question once again. We keep hearing this paranoid nonsense from many of you people about taking your guns away in Colorado. WHAT SPECIFIC WEAPON is being taken out the hands of ANY Law Biding non insane Colorado Resident by this legislation. WHAT WEAPON will I not be able to buy on July 1 2013 when this legislation goes into effect that I can buy TODAY?One example might be nice.

Just say NO to anything Colorado - - vote with your dollar, it's much more effective then voting at the poles.

While I support the magazine capacity limit, I can understand why that might upset some folks. What I don't understand is why some people are against the expanded backround checks. If you are a law abiding citizen and can buy a gun before this law takes affect, you will still be able to buy that same gun after the law is in place. How has anything changed for you?

Please, Please Mr Hickenlooper, don't take my toys away!I'll just cry and hold my breath until I turn blue, er red!

This was a Democrat victory, not a democratic victory. There has never been any shred of evidence showing that restricting the 2nd amendment rights of law-abiding citizens reduces crime rates or has any effect on the "mass shooter's" ability to wreak havoc. In fact, evidence from sources other than Feinstien, Bloomberg and Piers Morgan have shown statistically (not emotionally) that areas with stricter civilian disarmament have higher than average violent crime rates (like say......I don't know.....Chicago, New York, Los Angeles...etc, etc). I feel pity for the people of Colorado, in years to come they will experience first hand what it's like to be a victim.....again.

Iron monkey . You can't  hit the nail in the head any better than that &gt; If we  as Citizens  keep on giveing and lousing  &amp; spending  we will be right were the President  is takeing the USA.... U.S of A, Socialiscic. Gov.

many questions still surround the Oklahoma City bombing to this day, including why the agents of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (BATFE) were not in the building at the time of the detonation or why many were told to stay away.

1776I wonder why that Denver Post poll of public opinion is so different from what the colorado legislature has enacted?

beware this is just the beginning

No worries, it's now time to decide what will happen over the next decade when the Democrats lose every political seat in Colorado and the rest of the country.

Hopefully Lickenpooper will be looking for a new job after the next election. Maybe he can work at Magpul.....oh wait a minute, never mind!!

Ok Magpul. Time to leave. And make sure you won't sell mags to any Colorado government entity either.

Colorado "leads" the nation in mass murders.  Politicians have to look like they are doing something, albeit the wrong thing as usual.  I will remember this and vote accordingly.  Please vote if you don't like it.  Else, you get what you deserve which is totally against what this country was founded on.  Fear is a killer.

"I think it will make it more difficult for people to get guns who shouldn't have them, and that's really the goal," said Democratic Rep. Beth McCann on the expanded background checks.Magazine limits would reduce gun violence and have an impact during mass shootings, because they would force gunmen to reload more times, she said. "It's an interruption in the spraying of bullets."So she "thinks" it will make it difficult for bad people to get guns, and yet in the next sentence she admits that they will still get them, but won't be able to fire as many times without reloading.  Rhetorical question:  How stupid is she?  Bad folks will always get their hands on guns, and they will get their hands on high capacity mags if they want them.  Problem is, they really won't need them since law abiding citizens are going to be restricted in the ability to defend themselves.

So do we ban MOLLE systems as well? You will be limited to one clip pouch with belt loop.

governor - before you sign this - something you need to read - the crime statistics of contrys that have llready enacted gun controls . examples japan /china / austrailia /the united kingdom /mexico ........what do they have in common you ask - strick gun control laws and gun bans . and they are police and military enforced  -what also do they have - a disarmed civil law abiding citizenry - that are at the mercy of political corruption including military and police corruption -they are also defencless against the criminal organisations that infiltrate the governments and military and police . and they are at the mercy of the armed criminals that when it can time to turn guns in the criminals didnt but the law abbiding citizenry did - so as a result -gun violence and gun related crimes like homicides kidnapping home invasions and car jackings and sexual assults have increased - because the criminals know people no longer have guns and they do so they use them more -- also with lack of say humane single shot gun violence when people are attacked -now places like china when people flip out and go on killing sprees they use poisons - knives - vehicles to run people over and clubs or bats or roacks in verry verry brutal fashions -so without gun violence they re are more gory acts that are less humane that criminals use instead of just a bullet .--governor these are facts and statictics since gun bans and gun control laws- even our own states of newyork/-newyork -/ illinios -chicago and washington d.c. have proven this since there gun bans and guncontrol laws ----so by numbers for citizen self reliance and defence armed citizens deter violence by crazy violent people or by armed violent ciotizens - this is also a provenm fact .. so why sign something thta is gaurenteed to fail . three last notes - in supreme court actions - the 2nd ammendment has allways been upheled against gun control laws and bans sp good luck in court -also - the supreme court has also ruled its not the police depts  responsibility to protect citizens -lastly - last i check governor you had to swaer an oath of affirmation of office as a condition to hold that office of governor the oath is the same as every politician who is an elected paid "public servant " not a special interest corporate slave --the oath your about to break goes like this - i swore it when i went in to the service ---"i so-n-so-........will suport and defend the constitution of the united states against "all" enemies -forign or domestic ................so help me god " theres more to it i just wanted to get the point across - by you signing this - you spit in the face of our nations founding fathers -our fallen war heros - and our disabled veterans and our veterans and our active duty military and our resreve military and everyu police officer military service ,member and any american citizen who would volunteer to fight to defend there rights and freedoms -- and you also spit in the face of any other group who has ever fought hard to gain constitutional or civil rights - weather it be women or minoritys or religious or other rights ---- people forget its easy to lose rights it allays takes effort and fights at times even wars to restore lost rights weather it be constitutional or civil many have shed blood sweat and tears and have given all in sacrifice - for these rights and they hope we are vigilant and responsible and take great care and much efforts and even fight as they did to maintain them .crime is tradgic like the ones in columbine and the movie theater and the coneticut school shooting -but also you must remember its is eveil perpetrated by one or two individuals not a society -so please do not take away societys rights because a few have  abused them ---if you vote against every americans rights in your states  to defend themselves -----if you do - i hope they impeach or recall you for failing the dutys and oaths of office :{...

will see who gets shot down in the next colorado electionA Nation Of Sheep Shall Be Governed By Wolves

All they have assured is come next election Colorado will become a red stae.Try and take our 2nd amendment rights awat.Liberals think they can control our rights to bear arms and what and how we do it.Red state this will be in 2014.Time the government gets the hell out of our lives.

All he has to do now is to find someone to enforce it. hee hee hee

His agenda, not what the majority really want....like every other bill the liar democRATS ram down everyones throat, further restricting freedom of choice for everyone

Looks like #$%$ Cheney should take some politicians hunting. Hey, run on down there and stand that target back up. He'll show ya gun control. Useless legislation.

I don't understand the way we "believe in the 2nd Amendment." The 21st Amendment to the holy Constitution of the United States of America, says we able to drink alcohol legally. Is it not then our civic duty to drink as much, as often as is humanly possible?

What do you know, the comments were as entertaining as I thought.  Yahoo News never fails to disappoint.

Too bad the sheriff of Colorado won't enforce them you dumb son of a #$%$.

Gun Laws, Using the reasoning I keep hearing from liberals I must assume going after Osama Bin Laden was a horrible idea, Boeing is who the war on Terror should have been against

The Commies of the USA are having a Chris Mathews moment here... getting a thrill running up and down their leg.  But, as did Mathews, the reality will eventually be revealed to them and it will not be a thrill anymore."Magazine limits would reduce gun violence and have an impact during mass shootings, because they would force gunmen to reload more times, she said. "It's an interruption in the spraying of bullets."I've met a number of idiots in my life but really...you think a gunman is going to set there and pop rounds into a single mag, when you are out you detach the empty mag, pop a new full one in and resume fire..takes 1-2 seconds. Mag limits have little impact on rate of fire...Eric Harris at Columbine had magazines of 10-rounds and fired his weapons a total of 96 times. Nearly twice what Klebold did with his 58-round mag in his Tec-9.

Change dot org has a petition to recall him. Please do your part and sign it and spread it like EVERYWHERE!

If you are a boneHeaded redNecked  S for brains your against this.

Can't wait for the rest to follow.

Both mass shooting perpetrated by a liberal no doubt...

Yes I hope you people remeber How the government wont take your Social Security. The will keep it in a separate account and it will be there for you. and in the 50's the made laws that would guarantee you wouldn't loose the benefits that companies gave to you. And there were laws in EIRSA. Employee Retirement Income Security Act. Now days these are blank pieces of papers and the benefits are no longer protected and the social security is now in the general fund. And the guns the government wont TAKE will be gone. There is no logical reason to register guns unless the government is going to take them. It will make you more responsible? How? They are not enforcing the laws we have now. They did not go pick up this kid after he tried to purchase a weapon. In the late 1800's the people got together and armed themselves that is they tamed the west. As long as there are Gun Free zones, there will be ill people who see that as a free killing zone. And of course government is going to encourage you to let them enact more laws and send more people to prison. Its a privatized business. It's lucrative. There's a lot of profit in it for the right people. All paid for buy your tax dollar. How bout someone doing 10-15years for not having their firearm registered? Paid for by you. Because someone might commit a crime. Is that the world you want for your children?

Job Opening!!

Suck a fat #$%$ Colorado!

man, these politicians better watch their backs.  the criminals are laughing this bullschitt around the world multiple times over

"Waller called the exemption a monumental inconsistency in their thought process."  Liberalism is an emotion based political belief system where truth, fairness, logic etc are irrelevant.Legalize Pot and take away guns.  They want their people docile and unarmed.

OK, so the moron awards go to Gov. Hick and his babbling fool Dems in Denver.1. There is no logical, reasonable means by which they can enforce these laws.  Prove you bought a given "High Cap" magazine before the ban.  They are not serialized or registered so... How the heck do you do that?2. Prove you purchased a firearm privately, on or before the new background checks.  Sure, new firearms can be easily traced to the shop that got them from the distributor and so on but, what of the millions and millions of arms in private hands for years?Already we have one Sheriff refusing to even try to enforce this garbage.  How many more will follow suit?  How broken are things when, you have open defiance on the part of L.E. officials to the laws pushed by the State Govt.?So, good job, Colorado.  You passed some feel good #$%$ that only proves that pulling the lever for a Dem is proof of a lack of intelligence.

Disgusting colorado libeal Lies

How do ya'll fit gun-toting, pro-life, pro-death penalty, christians in the same sentence without choking...

Did you know you can sue the government if they restrict gun ownership? The 2nd amendment states that the right to bear arms cannot be infringed upon. Either the meaning of the word infringed need to be changed or the 2nd amendment needs to be changed. I plan to buy everyone in my neighborhood an AK47 and 500 rounds of ammo when I sue the government for infringing on my right to bear arms. Also, note that when the 2nd amendment was written our fore fathers had access and ownership of all gun associated with their time period. There were no restrictions!

Reagan, probably one of the most loved presidents, was for certain gun control measures.  Wonder why everyone is against them now?  I guess I could say we have a black president, and he is not behaving.

stupity reans again,colo goes by the way side with stuoity,if the bad elements want to get there hands on mags with 15 plus cability they will find them perhaps in another state.dumn a-- this means nothing excapt hurting the law bidden citz.trying to have protection,the law has there hands tied.now how are you going to police up those mags already out there lol  lol.don't come to my home!!!!!!!!!!!!!;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

Someone outher  my self  running my Gun Contol. Our Gov and 45 % of the people in  the USA / 68% of the World , Scare  the Hell out of me  , why shoulded    I  have a gun  ?   you going to Protect ?   No I  Didn't think so..

Good for them. Peoples lives come first in that state. It is rated as one of the better states to live in.

Colorado - 2       NRA - 0They are only banning certain types of guns. They are not banning all guns.

One word, EXCELLENT.

I am fearful of a government that sets limits on how I can protect myself and my family...

Bullfeathers. Political pandering, and gov't BS at it's finest. If I ever felt the need to sell one of my guns, and I own 12, I'm not gonna run a background check. I'll go by my gut feeling. 12 years as a LEO, while not admissable in a court of law as it once was, my feeling will tell me what is OK. Not the gov't trying to make money off every Americans amendent rights.

what a bunch of #$%$

email that PO sht a letter I did

The Democrats, stripping you of your individual rights one right at a time. They won't budge on cutting spending (unless it's for the military) but they sure as hell don't hesitate to cut Constitutional rights. Both major parties are a threat to the Republic, but the Democrats are by far the worst of the bunch.

That John Denver was full of Sh*  T!

Colorado SUCKS

The governor is a wise and brave leader.   We, in this country, need to get a grip on the thousands of gun deaths -not just committed by criminals- but also thru the actions of law abiding Americans.  Back ground checks are a good start.Anyone seen the trailer for the new movie "Olympus has Fallen"? Same people who are outspoken against the 2nd Amendment us mass violence in its' movies.

magpul come to fla we need the jobs!

This is portentous defeat for the NRA. At about the only thing the NRA excels at is at creating a deep sense of foreboding. Glad to see most people don't fall prey to their trap.

@Terry who writes: "Makes no sense. Limiting magazines or banning the sale of assault weapons "NO  WEAPON  is  being  banned in  Colorado  Terry. On  2 July  2013  when this  legislation  goes into  effect  I  will  be  able  to  buy  exactly  the  same  firearms  I  can  buy  today  down  at the  local  gun  show. Heck  Terry  if  I really  think  I  cant  live  without  30  round  magazines   I  can   go  out  tomorrow  and  buy  TEN  DOZEN  M3's  from  Magpul   and  they  will  perfectly  legal under   the  colorado  law  for  me  to  keep  forever.

Kids life over guns anytime and no time to waste!

I sure hope this #$%$ does not stand.

Colorado scratched off places to visit... Good job Hickenlooper! Now let's not be hypocritical ... Make sure no one in your security entourage has an illegal clip...

So, What's next? If somebody killed 50 people w/a kitchen knife, will they ban the knife? Dummy!!!

you are all blind.......the brady bill was signed----then repealed------the mass shootings will decline-----then these new laws will be reversed. its a cycle that lines the pockets of gun makers-government-pro and anti gun groups. prohibition was repealed and i bet there is a movement to bring it back.

u really don't want my honest views on this matter, because YAHOO in ca would simply edited it out and it's meaning would be lostIt's interesting to see that govt does whatever it wants regardless of what the people want, colorado is a prime example of this, what will they do next ? and what will the repercussions of this be? heading right down the prim rose path to total police state and new world order. Half of these brain dead idiots will accept it with glee...

Magpul, Georgia will welcome you with open arms.

ha ha ha hs ha ha-----------------you lose

I wouldn't worry about this bill, if you could buy a gun before, you will be able to buy a gun after this bill is introduce. Criminals don't go through background checks and the government does not have access to the medical record of people, so this is just simply symbolic.

Now this is how a Monday should be.

No gun ownership to those who have domestic violence charges? Man, sucks to be me I guess. But that's ok. It would be nice to have a firearm but that doesn't stop me from finding other ways to defend myself against a tyrannical onslaught. If the so called govt leaves me alone, and I will leave them alone. Simple as that because I just want to be left in peace. If this crazy so called Civil War or Revolutionary war breaks out, please True Patriots, don't hesitate to utilize me as your strategist to win your war. I had been studying that for 20 years and I can become a very valuable asset. LOL

BAN colorado

@Matthew  who  writes: "The right to bear arms is an individual right, and is not granted by the government. "Perhaps you  need  to  actually  read  the Heller  decision   Matthew.   The   right  to  bear  arms  in  indisputable   but  there is  nothing  that   says  that  you  cant  put  LIMITS  on  what  arms  you  can  "bear"We have  a long  history  in our  country of  doing  exactly  that.

Good

Good. If you don't like it, move to Arizona, Land of the Looney.This is a Great News Day!!!!  Maybe I better get my money back in the market.  Things are really looking up!!!! :))))))))  Even on Yahoo :)))))))))))

Congratulations Colorado and thanks for leading the way.

Guntards should be allowed to shoot each other as much as they want to.

Good law! Save lives!

GO COLORADO..GO CONECTICUT!!!

I guess everyone forgot that Bush wanted to do pretty much the same thing.   He was for expanded background checks.   He was for checks at gun shows, the ones that involve private sales.  In fact he wanted to raise the age to buy a gun.   He got sidetracked by Iraq, and the NRA was for the expanded background checks to.  If they passed them years ago, we would not have a magazine size ban.

I see all of these posts commenting that the new laws won't change anything because you can change clips fast, and that the laws are cosmetic.  Then why are you raising such a stink about them?  The company that manufactures clips should be tickled to death (and probably are, but aren't gonna say that because it would tick off it's customers) because they will sell more clips.  It's nice to see politicians that couldn't be bullied by pro-gun lobbyists.

Thank you CO for showing that reason can prevail over hysteria.

This will back fire in the long run. My bet is this Gov is a Christian, with brainwashed delusions from the back corridor within his church. Even a turkey could see what bs this is.

Meh if you have two eyes and a decent aim you don't need an extended clip. All it takes is a couple of shots. besides they didn't ban assault style weapons so rpetty much the law is a big mehWhat some stupid childish comments

Awesome news!!!

Bet you anything life in Colorado will go on much as before -- possibly slightly better, because slightly safer.  But neither the hopes of gun control advocates nor the fears of gun rights people will turn out to have had much basis in reality.  Along with gun control we could use a little hype control.

GOOD, it's about time some politicians with balls pass SENSIBLE gun laws!!!

Thank you Governor Hickenlooper!  You are a truly a man of courage and integrity!

Go Colorado!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Strong work Gov. !!!

Good.  Glad to hear CO Governor is signing gun CONTROL measures.  Now, if we could get gun CONTROL passed at the FEDERAL level, that would be a real victory!

Aww, now bubba only got 10 rounds instead of 100 to shoot at his beer cans with

Well it's a start.  However, I won't be satisfied until we have taken all of them away.All you hate America radio puppets do is whine. Whine, whine, whine. Turn that #$%$ off and TRY to grow a brain stem!

ban guns

While this particular measure likely won't be effective, it is one step on the path to a more civilized society.

well good to see a western sportsman state can make real progress on gun laws that make sense.

Ban handguns too please and alcohol!

Arrest all conservative trash who doesn't comply.  Put them in camps and distribute their money to the poor.

I'm glad we are doing this.  Now we can gain revenue from arresting conservatives who don't comply.  Make them pay hefty fines, 5 year imprisonment, and melt down their guns.  That'll teach these idiots.  Now we can focus on the poor and develop more government systems for them.

For everyone saying that this magazine ban won't do anything, you're partially correct.  This is just the start.  Hopefully, we will ban handguns next.   Finally, some government with some common sense.

Will somebody pass the box of kleenex to the gun owners...