This article was horribly written, barely readable, and incomplete. What a terrible job, Yahoo.

Based on how poorly written this news story is it's hard to tell what happened,,,

When I read articles that are as poorly written as this one is, it makes me wish for a bumper sticker that reads: "Your honor roll student wouldn't have carried a 'D' average in my day." (Class of '61.)

Can`t make heads or tails out of this one. She did not fake abduction the new husband/boyfriend did.

There is way too little information here.  Why was she arrested?  How do they know her ex wasn't holding them with the threat of violence?  Who intentionally hangs out with their ex anyway? That alone is a little fishy.

Sounds like she was trying to cover up the real reason why she was at the hotel.

What is this "journalist" trying to say?

Sounds fishy!

From what I just read, doesn't sound like a crime to me. Boyfriend says "She said everything was OK but sounded like she was reading from a script" Is her BF a hollywood producer or talent agent or something? Then he calls later and she said she couldnt talk right now. When asked if everything was OK she said NO. Maybe she had a headache. Maybe she couldn't pay for the room. Maybe a lot of things. Not to mention, they were reported missing after being seen earlier that same day. There's more...or less to this story than what's being represented by non-investigative Yahoo news.

Gotta agree with the rest of you...Not a lot of info....But if lohan woulda picked her nose, they woulda told us where she wiped the booger.May she have a never ending case of the crabs !

Don't blame Yahoo for this Associated Press article, where apparently you don't have to have any journalism skills!

Lame article.

24 months in the KC girls prison.

Basically ............She lied to everyone, including her mother..

I wonder what else she fakes?

The mysterious Hughes.

White uptight and out of sight....Tampax.

FRAUD?

"help me," is what she told the truth about. She  really needs help in the psychosis dept.only crime committed here is that yahoo actually printed this article

Bill, get away from that computer and go back to mopping. I told you before that you cant be messing round with these folks stuff.you aint no writer you a janitor.

Bill Draper you can't write, go back to school and try again.. or better yet, get another job all together.  Maybe something that involves working a frialator

another mindless information free hack article designed for page clicks and ad revenue.

Another huh? story from the writers at Yahoo

Something doesn't rock here!

What the hell was this all about. OK a woman and her daughter went to see the little girls father. Stayed at a hotel. Called her boyfriend to let him know. And then she text him help me. Sounds like the boyfriend got mad that she was at hotel and called the police with a very bad story.

Poorly wrote. I don't understand the abduction part!

Sounds like she is a pathological liar who probably faked the domestic violence claims against her ex also-----who will probably cry and bat her eyes at the judge in this case and expect to walk away free with her kid.   And I am guessing she will

They need to throw her into the can and keep her there for the full duration of her sentence. To pull a #$%$ thing like tht and tie up numerous officers time is undefensible.Im from Missouri, so I can tell you that this is what Missourians are like,,about as smart as a 2 watt light bulb. Im surprised they dont put her on reality tv just for my countrymen. I think Missouri's legendary wit goes back to the civil war, when they found it hard to reject slavery. Not to say ALL Missourians are dumb,,ol Mark Twain was quite a fellow....Peon887.

hello police, i'm missing somewhere but i don't know where. o k when you find out give us another call.

sounds like another good ol' dysfunctional welfare sucking white trash amercian family!

Why not arrest her also for making a false complaint as well. Outstanding Forgery Warrant? Sounds like a ploy to gain sympathy to dismiss the Forgery Charge and get her ex in trouble all at the same time. Gets her sympathy so the new boyfriend will come to her rescue and marry her as well. Put her on a chain gang cleaning the Highways for a year, take away the child, put her up for adoption and sterilize this crazy woman.

First thing I would look into , insurance policies.................

What the... can any one make sense of this hot mess?

if this woman only realize what she does to the response time the next time someone is really in distress and need help right away

HUH?

She's still in love w/ her EX!

Perhaps now that kid will be raised by people with some sense; but she will probably be given to someone in the family - you know - the ones who raised those other two idiots.  And the beat goes on...This whole story is way incomplete.

Sounds like she was trying to get back with her childs father but needed an easy way out.

Does anyone know how to write an article anymore?  I am more confused now that before I began reading.

After reading this, I was scratching my head. Then I read comments from others complaining about how poorly the article is written. Whew, its not just me.

She couldn't make up her mind which one of the guys she wanted, happens all the time.

With so little information, there was no point in even reporting on this story.

Regardless how horribly written, barely readable, and incomplete the artical is, the subject is sick and twisted..

Whats the deal with everyone faking things?...Kidnappings, September 11, Moom landings, Sandy Hook...

Whitetrash.

I keep reading "Hughes said".  Who the hell is Hughes?!?  Starts in the 2nd paragraph, 2nd sentence. Nowhere in the article does it say who Hughes is!  So confused...And THIS national NEWS why??

White women today are nut cases..And wonder why they can't find a decent man...No not all of ya...If there not drowning their kids..There stabbing their boyfriend 27 time in the back.

will stupidity ever end...........

Sounds to me like she wanted to spend some time with the Ex but needed to cover her tracks with the current Boyfriend.This was the best story she could come up with in a hurry, never expecting it to go as far as it did.That's just my guess....

im confused who reported her missing...sound like she just took a mini vacation and didnt tell people...couldnt really understand the story. didnt make much sense

This writer needs a new editor!!

Sigh...C'mon Yahoo you get these same complaints about poor writing constantly.  Maybe you could upgrade your writing staff by hiring some high-schoolers.

another scathing article by yahoo.. ummm how about telling the story !!!

I'm still trying to understand what she did illegal....

she been fakin orgasms for years...why not try an abductionJust a note to the writer:  Punctuation helps tell a story.

I completely agree the article was badly written never the less you shouldn't marry family members.

Maybe she was trying to get her ex in trouble. Even if he is rotten that's still stooping low.  Maybe she needs to go to the psych ward...who knows...who cares...

Bill Draper probably was busy last night, so he had his four year old write this.Or maybe he just sucks as bad as a four year old does at writing. 50/50.

This is article is poorly written and it dont make sinse.It sounds more like a script for a play.

So why did she fake her abduction? The article still doesnt say !

Sure doesn't sound like she said anything about an abduction!  Way to clearify thing Yahoo!

I must say this blog has the mark of Chris Chase. Poorly written and not enough information to understand what really happened. Is it that Yahoo looks for incompetent bloggers.Oh well, there is always Google ! By Yahoo !

Sounds very very fishy to me. Something is not being said, GIVE HER THE BOOKS JUDGE

Sounds more like she jus wanted to be with the x for a while, and the new boyfriend reacted to her way of pretending she was in unwanted company.She didnt call the police,  how could she fabricate a lie and be arrested for it, sounds fishy, i think the police were going to charge somebody for something to make some money for there efforts, the way it is anymore is if you have trouble dont call the police, they are just there to make money, example , you get beat up, call the police they go to jail, the courts make them pay a hefty fine, they get paid for you being victimized and you recieve nothing for being beat up, they make money is all they care about, they are the biggest gang in any town, name one where citizens havent been victimized by police and you will see call them and you will pay.

She didnt call the police,  how could she fabricate a lie and be arrested for it, sounds fishy, i think the police were going to charge somebody for something to make some money for there efforts, the way it is anymore is if you have trouble dont call the police, they are just there to make money, example , you get beat up, call the police they go to jail, the courts make them pay a hefty fine, they get paid for you being victimized and you recieve nothing for being beat up, they make money is all they care about, they are the biggest gang in any town, name one where citizens havent been victimized by police and you will see call them and you will pay.

Really? I see no reason to bring charges against this woman. Her ex husband should serve his sentence for his forgery charge.  Give that child her mom back.  She may have been letting him visit with his child and knew he had a warrant. The last thing to do is tear this 4yr old child from it's family!....lots of things to consider for the judge. Look at his docket. Would she leave her daughter alone with the ex?   Mom will be in debt up to her ankles from the court cost and fees, fines,ect........idk......I pray for the Grandma too, she is missing that little girl more than anyone.............

This is an AP story, not yahoo...  Blame Bill Draper

Just another psycho female who will do, say, put someone at risk, or ruin someone's life just to get a little attention. Victim of spousal abuse? Only in her mind. NEVER TRUST A WOMAN.You'll be able to tell how many bipolar, selfish, psycho sociopaths have read my post by the number of thumbs down it gets.

I don't see where a crime was committed. Maybe she was cheating on boyfriend with ex-hubby! Who says you cant leave town for a few days with your child if you want to. Cant really explain the "help text" but thats hardly faking an abduction. Need more details I guess!

Bill Draper are you an Intern??

Yet another person realizing the American Dream of 15 minutes of fame, followed by a jail lineup...

huh?

I could have written this better in a druken stupor.What a poorly written article. I understood the title but the rest is all #$%$.

It's not a Yahoo story, it's an AP story people.

She should of said that she was abducted by an UFO and that E.T.  made her do it...Authorities would of gave her a slap on the wrist after a short trip to the psych ward..

white trash, child in bad environment.

This is the kind of desk top journalism you can expect from lazy reporters, you know the stuff blogs are made of.

She get off, saying it's PMS.

From what I was able to gather other than this report is missing something within its media assignment...it sounds more likely she is covering up for Sandner, so that he wouldn't face a greater charge than the charges he was known to face beforehand...very fishy here

Those Missouri women are real Drama Queens eh?

Cool, now she too can appear on Hannity and he can interview her fiance in the back room of a rectory, right? Remember when Sean's Insanity interviewed the puke who was left at the altar by the runaway s   k   a   n  k and little altar boy seannie said "give her a break, she was confused"? He saw no problem with the tax payers eating the 1/2 million wasted in law enforcement resources because the two loonies were "good christians"!

Her Top Lips are not made for Sucking,maybe her bottom lips is good for Fv@kingSounds like she has a lawsuit now, boyfriend called in abduction she didnt, but she gets falsely arrested for his actions probably from jealousy.

What a dumb bich!  And this is why you stay from those fat American heifers! (they call themselves women).