Does anybody think they can outrun the Sheriff's Deputy in the pic?

New standard of proof in America.  Some bodies were found near where you used to live.  You've lied a lot before, so if you tell me you didn't do it I assume you're lying ...  Guilty say one say all!

A poor drifter getting someone from Paris to send postcards after she/wife was forced to write them's a little far fetched. What ? He sent postcards to someone to have them send them back to family?I wouldn't be an accessory to murder with a room for rent type person.Especially in another country.What would old Gerhartsreiter, have to gain in killing these people ?I can't imagin calculating this out. Both body's should have been in grave. Find the wife.

Well, it's obvious that sheriff's deputy hasn't missed a meal in many days......

That this penniless imposter with an accent like Dracula's could charm his way into 'high' society so easily says something about the gullible rich.  They want to believe.  If they think you are rich, they worship you.  An honest poor person is not to be trusted.  The couple he killed gave him a guest house to stay in for free.  Like something out of a Draclua movie.

He would make a great Rockefeller.

Why is it more acceptable to insult the deputy about the size of his clothes than it would be to insult him about the color of his skin?

This guy has been known to be psychopathic for years; no conscience, no human feeling for anyone else and willing to destroy people for no reason at all. He's been mentioned in books and articles as a psycho for years and years. Time for him to retire to a jail cell until he dies.

March Madness:You Better Hpoe You Got Rockafella $Money!

When can we see some REAL Rockefellers in jail?"As all of you know, when you have an old and a cold case, it's sometimes human nature to blame the drifter or the grifter or the con artist, isn't it?" Bailey told jurors.  What?  I have never heard such a thing before in my life?  What would a lawyer know about 'human nature?'   All they care about is themselves and winning.  They will come up with any preposterous claim to get their client off, just to put another notch on their suitcase as a 'win.'  Justice be damned.

"...it's sometimes human nature to blame the drifter or the grifter or the con artist..."  Quite often the person's lifestyle is a good clue to his or her behavior, over time.  I suspect that, whether the court finds this imposter guilty or not guilty, or fails to demonstrate guilt, Gerhartsreiter did indeed do the murders.  He has a long history of sociopathic behavior.

Can you imagine the embarrassment mr gerhartsreiters felt when they wanted mr rockefeller to conjure up a demon and he could not!    and that guard is more round than koolaid man with a full pitcher.

I take it there's no standard fitness test a Police Officer needs to pass.

Bet you a doughnut you can't outrun his radio or the contents of his gun.

this MF was busy.

wow thats a lot of hypotheticals? Makes sense though rockefellers r just like rothschils, they own this corporation called u.s.a.

Welcome to our New Society - where the members are inept (obese, uneducated, drug addict, etc., or just plain dumb - created by irresponsible  parents and raised by street gangs), not able to sustain their life without Government hand-outs and ever increasing Government control - relying on the few (and diminishing numbers) of the productive members of society.  This is a worst nightmare!  How long can this go on???  Wake up!

"...it's sometimes human nature to blame the drifter or the grifter or the con artist..."  Quite often the person's lifestyle is a good clue to his or her behavior, over time.  I suspect that, whether the court finds this imposter guilty or not guilty, or fails to demonstrate guilt, Gerhartsreiter did indeed do the murders.  He has a long history of sociopathic behavior.