that man from china does not look very happy , he must be thinking the fools at the white house does not no how to take care of money very well in america

He probably wants his picture on our money.

Title is wrong - it should be "US Treasury Secretary Meets His Owner"

My banker has the same look on his face when I go to see him.

30 years of China making US politicians dance for more loans from a Communist Chinese state and use of their slave labor camps. A treasonous lack of back bone and morals.

He probably came to tell him they're filing for foreclosure.

Jinping is thinking...."I hate these westernized blue attire....I prefer Mao red jumpsuits"

China is just laughing at us, as we continue to spend, and our "President" says we don't have a debt crisis!!

After all the Chinese own America.  They just want to protect their investment.

China looks overjoyed.......Great picture....does not even need the rest of the article.

Jack finally met his new boss!

He wants to know where his money is. Look out Ohbahhhhhhmah.

Lew is asking him how to funnel his millions he made screwing the taxpayers...An obama protege for sure..

China's leader Xi meets US treasury secretary...and said:"Do what we tell you to do or we'll dump all those worthless ObamaDollars and destroy what's left of your country."

I'm sure we got sold down the river some more with this fool running OBAMAS scam government.

Whats he doing? Handing over the keys to Fort Knox and the rest of the banking industry to him?

Phew.. Did this American just pass gas ?

How many wooden nickels did the US take on this one??

i heard that from the Chinese before.The Chinese Leaders first words.  How much do you want now?

Lew still owes Citi Bank some favors. Citi is waiting?

Of course they want the relationship,we owe them trillions of dollars! I'd want to keep close if someone owed me money.

Just let us know what this trip will cost the taxpayers.

Xi is meeting with the "Treasury Secretary" -- in lieu of -- Odumbo -- that should tell you something --  Xi wanted to-- "tour"-- Ft Knox -- make sure we actually have some gold there -- next would be the eighth wonder of the world -- the printing presses the Federal Reserve uses -- Xi wanted to know -- how can they run that fast -- for so long?????

who do you think paid for Obama's stimulus package? This country is screwed!

Good luck ~ hopefully we can build a mutually beneficial relationship beyond trade.

Xi = eleven

"China's leader Xi meets US treasury secretary"Xi looks as happy as someone about to get his first prostate exam.ps And the MD gets off on giving them.

And they printed on and on  and on.. Meanwhile Lew smiles and pats Obama , the poodle on the head. Good Poodle.he look as if he is being forced to shake his hand looking away thinking f u and your people we want to break you. dont trust china

Fly on the wall hears," Great!  So we keep selling you cheap garbage, and you stupid Americans will continue to buy?" We have great friendship!

Jinping is asking Lew if Obama sewed up that hole in his pocket right before he says "Funny Lew, you don't look Chinese to me."

Why is he meeting our boss? Are they going to repossess the US?

They both look sort of "gooky" .

Obama must be wanting to borrow more money so he can keep on spending!

confusus say....we Chinese like to have very good relations with our very good business partner USA....we believe they still have 40 trillion dollars in assets we would like to control...

A picture says a thousand words.

Xi was asking Lew "How much money do you need now?"

Presindent Jingpin was here just to remind the good-ol' USA that China owns 60% of the treasury bonds !!he said time to pay the piper dough boy !!!!

it was on tv and the radio last week at the white house saying that the war cost 2.6 trillion dollars for it and america was in debt just 4 trillion dollars when obama got president the first time and by the end of this year america will end up just about  19.7 to 20.3 trillion in debt , where has all of that other money went to from obama , people is still losing jobs in america and the gas prices are 38% to 42% higher now from 4 years ago

Lew: We are doing this continuing resolution here. How much can you loan me till Friday.

Lew is just a person carrying an envelope to see Xi showing what the US wants from China to support the dollar. He did not even meet his counter part in China.

Lew was taken to a fast food dumpling house in Beijing for his meal with 3 Chinese underlining youngsters to save money.

Xi is thinking how he can @#%&amp; the USA more......

Xi doesn't look too impressed in the pic.........

Xi Is asking for the vig. You guys have to pay the vig. I don't care if you blew the money on muslims PAY THE VIG NOW!

Lew got bailed out by Obama. Aka Citibank . Another Ashkenazi wallstreet banker gangster. Rothchild owns AP news. Anyway obviously Obama hired him , Jack Jake Lew as USA Treasury sec- vampire goal.

Obama needs to barrow again."Please buy more of our debts", Lew pleads to Chinese.....that's the key measage AP didn't report....

"Xi referred to Jack Lew as a special representative"...In the US, we call Jack Lew a "special olympian".

time for Judge Wapner.

And in a surprising move it was reavealed the leader from china has not one but 2 iPhones.  Right Yahoo

Xi Jinping is trying so hard not to laugh.  Couldn't figure out why until I read the agenda.  The agenda is way out of Mr. Lew's experience and capabilities.  I think Xi only met with him out of respect for the new administartion here in the US and because he himself as the new chief could use some camera time.

This is a case where China and the US have huge areas of common interest and only a few places where negotiations are needed. Most of the areas of conflict can be resolved by both sides agreeing to respect each other's valid interests and the sticking point will be deciding how to verify compliance without being overly invasive.It looks like we will be able to lower the tensions all across the board if we succeed. That sure would be a good thing for all of China's bordering countries and world wide financial interests. Both China and the US share a great quality and that is both country's 'can do' attitude so great things really are possible. Sorry North Korea, you might find yourself alone because you refused to listen to your only friend China and tried to push the world into war. But you will be ok as long as everyone peacefully stands firmly against your misbehavior.

Damn you Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew, your suppose to look into the camera. Now it makes it look like the Chinese President is more important then you.

i wonder how come dumbo obama was not standing with that man from china

The Chinese President said to Jacob  Lew ....."Did you bring your check book ?"

Our irresponsible Government has thrown an almost insurmountable amount of debt upon the citizens while it continues to spend money we dont have and raise taxes while whining about the sequester like a bunch of 2nd graders along with attempting our gun rights all at once,,,,,,more of the American citizens need to take action and PUT the Government  back in their place instead of having our attention matador'd by events that will ultimately be dwarfed by what is getting ready to transpire between China and the U.S.The look on Xi's face says it all. "I have got to talk to another American deficit addict. They probably want more of my money to buy deficit crack."

The big dog met with his employee, huh?

I'm more surprise "Bow-down" Barry missed this photo op.

obama needs more of your money so he can give to the lazy people who voted for him.

As a young kid growing up in the 50's and 60's you never bought products made in China! The Chinese are extremely patient people, and now we owe them big time thanks to Mr. Cool/Hip/No Plan/Tax &amp; Spend Obama!

Does Xi look all the part of the aristocrat condescending to shake hands with a lesser human being or is it just me?

Good to see the administration recognizing and bowing down before their new masters.  The sheep who live in this country will soon be kissing glorious Chinese feet in exchange for a few scraps of food to eat and spare change to buy their clothing at the local Goodwill.

What I'd love to know is.....what do the Chinese leaders talk about when the doors are closed and the USA is the subject.

I hope that our treasury secretary found the time to get a few tips from Xi Jianping about how to amass a fortune measured in billions of dollary on a salary of $8,000 a year.  If so, perhaps our treasury secretary could put such tips to work making money for the USA and getting us out of our financial mess.

Lew:  "Keep the sweat shops going, my Wall Street friends need MORE MONEY, don't worry about workers' rights, they don't need them, keep the cash coming my friend."China is the fastest growing economy on God's earth.  The US had BETTER cooperate with China.  The dragon is waking and the earth is shaking.

Looks like from the picture he is getting an IOU from Lew.

embarrassing

Not our friend !!!

Never trust the American

Lew and Xi.. are they both Chinese?

America can't refuse what Xi wants otherwise no money will be lent by communist China, the reliable creditor.

Read from the body languages of those two.

We are in their pocket for-ever ... for-ever... for-ever... (see: Sandlot)

As soon as they are able to buy oil with their currency they will pull the plug on us.xi has a look like he is saying "ok, what do you need now?"

Judas and a Chinaman shaking hands.

Mr.Lew said to Mr.Xi,look at all the good in the world the money you loaned us has done.Why we've bought Egypt some military equipment &amp; a monetary gift as well. As far as road improvements in the united states, well we're asking our citizens to buy a bag of asphalt patch at their local hardware store &amp; take the time to fill in holes in the road when they come across them.This enables us to spend your money on foreign countries that really need our help.Thanks again Mr.Xi &amp; we'll be calling you.

I wonder if he brought a Chinese Bat to remind him to make his payments.

PHOENIX (AP) -- Arizona lawmakers say the global economy is on the precipice of financial ruin and the U.S. dollar could soon be worth less than the paper used to make it.How about that!!

to much GOVT  waste......if u don't earn that money u don't respect that money.a big problem with GOVT.they are just throwing our hard earned money away

When China "drops" the dollar, LOOK OUT!

Gas prices USA down fall LoL.

He see's how Obama goes thru money like water while laughing,and China is getting nervous, they had to send the man over to make sure they get paid..Or they will get all Kung Fu , on America..You know what, I seen what Obama does and I don't blame him or China one bit..Obama is a bad bet for anyone,,but yay we are stuck with him..

These comments on this board are really stupid.He had  messages: 1. China will continue to fix it's currency so U.S. goods can't compete 2. CHina will continue to destroy the world economies by paying their people $2 per day  3. Xi wanted to know how Lew set up his offshore bank account to avoid paying taxes.....

No surprise, It's no secret they are plotting with Russia to destroy America by controlling gold, oil, and currency. It's also no surprise we are letting them do it.

look how he turns his head the outher way,i don,t care about you i just want my dam money punk.

Is it just me or Mr. Xi "body language" is saying: "I can take-down this geek any day and twice on Sundays."

Chinees US coperative,about says it all.Were all Chinise Americans,bought and sold.

Xi has the look on his face as if he smells a Lew from the US treasury

Nice picture. Get this....someone from the Obama Administration telling the Chinese leader how money works, or at least how it is suppose to work according to him and no doubt, Obama.   And all the while Mr. Xi is thinking what a stooge this guy is and when is Obama going to come here and kiss my skinny yellow butt?  What a joke.

Why this article?  Everyone needs to visit their bank once in a while.

Politics as usual.

Xi--- HOW COME YOU ARE NOT LOOKING AT JACOB'S FACE WHEN YOU ARE SHAKING HIS HAND??? SEEMS TO ME YOU DID NOT WANT TO MEET HIM-- YOUARE LOOKING "down on him"Strong ties = We want our money back, b|tches.

You trust China? I dont trust China!.....You trust Washington? I dont trust washington! This can only be one thing.....BAD!

Obama, Lew....what lighweights compared to Xi Jinpeng.  China is just laughing at us. The Chinese  can't believe their luck getting people as stupid as Obama and his tribe.

Xi does not want to lose China's biggest market, but he also has to be sick of the irrational deficit spending.  Maybe China will just foreclose on the United States, fire the FED, Obummer and Congress, and put us all to work. Could we be worse off than we are now ?

china wants strong ties to washington as obama sells the country off to the communist country

The essence of the article points to loss of jobs. In the US. In Europe. And there is one reason for this. Europe, especially, while having some 500 millions total citizens, Europe is a    collection of multiple governments and multiple points of view. If all would focus, together, and realize their sum slumping economy is the fault of them buying things, and not making things, there would not be the horrific trade imbalance they suffer. As does the US suffer.Buying cheap is not a long term philosophy for sustaining one's own economy, and the health and vitality of its citizens's needs.While this had been deepening, the root cause of it has been growing.Applying common sense would greatly change this circumstance.

Honestly I think this guy will definitely help our relations.  He did spend a lot of time over in Iowa and loved it when he was there, so he definitely has a spot in his heart for our country.  Honestly I don't see why it would be so hard to have good relations.

he  has   that  look  about  him  of   why  are  you   here   fool--  enuff  said

Jacob Lew, government salesman, selling the lives and resources of the United States of America!!!

oh oh ... I wonder if he wants us to start paying on our debt ...it will be interesting to see if our great leader (Obama) can put him on hold until he gets out of office and let the next president deal with the huge mess that he's gotten us in ...We must have missed a payment.

Soooo, Chinese consumers are supposed to be buying USA goods.  UMMMMM, what do we make here anymore?  Our factories were sent "over there" years ago.

Xi Jinping sounds like a reasonable man.  I know the Chinese people and I hope we can find common ground upon which to build a more stable future for the world.  Now, don't mess it up American govt.  Say what you mean and mean what you say.  Be a friend; but be strong.

And a the while they got spies getting our high tech secrets from us defense workers

China is watch every episode of the Sopranos for a few pointers on how to collect their money that we borrowed. Telling China it went to Pakistan won't help. (side note that money Pakistan aquiered was used to buy Chinese weapons). Those Chinese are pretty d&gt;&gt;&gt; shrewd. They are even more dangerous when they are behind the wheel. This once great country is soon to be done.............John Wayne.... and the Gipper.... please come back.

THERE IS ALREADY 9 trillion dollars missing from the federal reserve.Fire up the printing presses again.

Well, as I have written before, we are getting to dependent on China. China's cheap labor costs for our companies and manufacturing that can be done in the U.S.A! China holds our debt and if they called the bonds and T-Bills today, we could not pay China's government. China has us by our cajones. And, the picture in this article shows Jinping as if he does not want to hear what Jacob Lew is drooling over. Be ware of China!

Don’t go down there.╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╔═══╦╗║╔═╗║║║║─╚╣╚═╦╦═╗╔══╗║║─╔╣╔╗╠╣╔╗╣╔╗║║╚═╝║║║║║║║║╔╗║╚═══╩╝╚╩╩╝╚╩╝╚╝......Junk.

This guy is a lawyer that was pnominated as US Treasury Secretary after bankrupting Citigroup and his .. "visit includes North Korea's nuclear program"???

Lew is going, "Thank you master Xi! thank you for sparing my #$%$."Xi, "Don't ever 4get, I own all your #$%$es"World's biggest borrower meets world's biggest lender. It's no wonder the Chinese leader's face shows no resepct or appreciation whatsoever.

Think hes calling about our missed loan payments

"I attach great importance to China's relationship with the United States," Xi told Lew and grinned "...as long as the US pays promptly the interests and buy unconditionally all Chinese products." ...LOL

"Excuse me Mr. Jinping, the big "O" wont stop spending and the American public is taxed out.  Can we have onother advance on our secret sale of California?"

What did America sell to the Chinese this time?

That makes me feel real comfortable about where our government leaders allegiance really lies. Since when has a sworn enemy 'told' us how to run anything. Wake up people, time is almost run out.

We the people of America do not want or do we expect our Federal Government to bow to or kiss butt to any country We are a free people The reason the Chinese are having so much trade with the world is because they the Chinese do not play by the same rules as the rest of the world.The WTO is a bad joke. The Chinese do not believe they must answer to anyone for anything.Just remember this the Chinese respect only strength not weakness.

Xi Jinping has that #$%$ look. Me to.

Xi looks really thrilled

why would't he we own china lots of money.If China's schools are so much better than ours why are their people stealing our knowledge?

china owns us and didn't even have to fire a shot thanks to our gov. and  people who liked all their cheep #$%$ they make and have been sending us for years. Finnally some people are starting to wake up and realize we need more made in AMERICA products and buy them even if it costs more because its better products and keeps the jobs here. I hope its not too little to late.

The first words out of Jinping's mouth was - ''PAY ME BEOTCH''!!!

Lew is a Jew all they care about is money. The China man is not going to get a penny out the the Jew. He will deceive the China Leader into thinking he is getting big money when in fact all he is getting is a IOU Ha hahahahhahahha

another communist white hating white #$%$ appointed by maobama....guess he is there to find new ways to take america down the communist path.....all you worthless weak animals are so going to HATE maobama sooner than you think....nuff said....you got bought cheap and you are NOTHING to maobama....he wouldnt #$%$ on you if you were on fire....but you clap every time he farts....he has you nailed down....next trick?  stop EBT, stop welfare, stop disabilty, stop baby money....it is coming you animals....he has you exactly where he wants you...probably in 2015....in order to disrupt 2016 election cycle....ever heard of marshal law???you will....sooner than you think....well...think..got it, liberal worthless weak animals dont do that...you sit....you wait for a check from the taxpayer....that is all....well, one more time...you are being used...and it hasnt even started yet...you will riot....you will cause maobama to declare marshal law....then you are dead..or worse....imprisoned in a labor campenjoy...you are going to get all the hope and change you can handle soon enough

"We stand ready to work with the U.S. side to continue to develop this China-U.S. cooperative partnership so that we will be able to open a path of cooperation between major countries."Sounds very...cooperative.

Yeah, and Lew said, "Yes oh grand master".  How much more debt do you want to buy?  Please!!!

They just want their money back that all, with interest, before we start to down grade our currency...

Isn't it nice that our "public" officials have so many "private" meetings to discuss how best to enslave us next.

Cooperative partnership? China creates goods for us then lends us the money to buy them. Seems pretty one sided to me. How about China produces goods and instead of loaning the U.S&gt; the money, to buy them, China just consumes the goods themselves and actually enjoy the fruits of their labor.Do we need to trust China to borrow money from them?

Don't you have to have money to have a "treasury"?  All we have is a huge stack of IOU's, most made out to China.

Ah, Jacob Lew, the author of the sequester plan that Obama tried to blame on the GOP is now traveling abroad on the taxpayer dime.

Obama wants to keep relationships with China so he can barrow more money, that way China will own more of the US

making a deal with the devil. OMG

The smirk says it all.

Please  Please Please I promise I will pay you on Friday .... #$%$ a phone call would have done the same thing ......and saved a hell of lot of money

What are we dealing with this Soviet residue for?  Communism died with the Soviets.  China is merely the Capitalist Pig trying to discretely posture herself in the 21st Century as a major endorsement of Free Enterprise.  The "Communists" there are scrambling for transition without creating a pandimonium.  It's a silent "revolution" to help them "save face" and avoid public humiliation after the fall of the Soviet.

All said and done Ol' Xi looks a little underwhelmed in this photo.

Lew should learn from the Chinese wile there how to put a KTV in every US hotel...then we can freely get drunk with underage girls and have sex like the Chinese do...a Ktv in EVERY hotel and many free standing ones...yet they dont allow prositution in China...but thats where the big bribes come in..both Countrys know how this works.He was sent by Obama to know how many more trillions can he (US) barrow, he doesn't have to pay them back anyway, it's the American people who has to pay! He!He!He!

Obama, Kerry, US Sec of Treasury and no telling who else is flying all over the world while we sit back and let them spend every dime...where's our backbone AMERICA...the country is broke and they fly...

off course China wants a strong relationship with us.  They own us since we are in debt to them for trillions of dollars.

Well, if you are Obama's friend, like GE and Imelt (and others including Hollywood people), you pay no or lower-than-everyone-else taxes here. So, then Obama must borrow from China to give to his friends - you know, the people he REALLY likes.

I HATE CHINA!

Obama needs to borrow more money from China to give to Eqypt's moslem brotherhood - I guess that's why there are no more WH tours for American kids.

That picture certainly sums up the "new america" under the obingo regime.Subservient, supplicant, emasculated groveling. Meanwhile our enemies are arrogant, ascendant, dismissive, scornful.I would say the "fundamental transformation" of America is proceeding ahead of schedule.

yea were u buddy today.Stab u in the back tomorrow..

This news is very sudden, and it seems that no news media foresee this trip coming. When a newly appointed Treasury secretary visited China without normal news coverage, I would say it is something big behind the scene is cooking.  what could that be? Maybe president Obama needs to borrow BIG money from China to escape the national debt ceiling dilemma.

China Wants to add A RED STAR to the flag.  There is no way WE THE PEOPLE can pay back the money that the DEMORATS have borrowed and keeps borrowing. So how is the FREE HEALTH CARE working for you.  Get ready for "THE CHANGE" is close at hand.Lew - another jew in charge of the US Treasury. What a suprise.

we begging for more money?

the slackers in washington could learn a thing or two from those chinese folks

He's been in power for a while so this is nothing more than lip service.

look how meek and cowardly Jacob Lew looks

China hate to see us coming now they probably say we always coming to them with our hands out

Report to your master !

OK so we owe them 17tillion+ and they want to have stronger relations with Washington?.. They are definitely up to something. But then again having the #$%$ we have in power we are pretty much fuked.

They should get along well, as they both speak the same language - crony, state capitalism.  Lew is the poster boy for it here.

伟大的中国。 没有共产党就没有新中国。Could Xi look any more disinterested in that photo?

The last demand to pay has been made in person.  I think they will repo California first.

Why do people get upset women and minorities are underrepresented in congress, but when jews make up a quarter of all congressional positions but make up .000001 percent of our population nobody bats an eye.

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry also plans to visit Beijing next month........to quash any progress that was made on THIS trip.

Democrats and Republicans since Nixon have been kowtowing to China. Our conservative and liberal capitalists just love exporting our jobs to China, for ever increasing profits at US workers expense. If you hide your corporate taxes abroad, no US taxes. If you work abroad, the US will tax you.

Well yea, they own our money.............

Xi to US Treasury Sec: "I own you..."

XI should be discussing with jack jew! The weapons sales by amers to FASCIST in the region,  the u.s building bases all around china which is reckless and irresponsible!! And the u.s manipulating it's currency!

owners is on the right, debtors is on the left

The chairman seems to be very impressed.Without the innovation's of the US citizens, China offers the world with the largest supply of slave labor under the Communist want to be known as Socialist dictatorship.

Body language speaks volumes, eh?  Lu, meet Xi... your wealthy overlord.  And America sleepwalks to its own demise.  Gold and ammo... gold and ammo, folks.  It won't be pretty when China is tired of putting up with us.  Sooner than later, too!

Today most of politicians are New World Order puppeteers. Many of worldwide people been misled and don’t know NWO plans, especially final solution plans for all humanity. You mast Google that it will wake you up to the reality!

I think Lew is over there signing the country over to the Commie Chinese so that Obama can get more money to feed his give-away programs (WH tours is not one of them). Let's all learn chinese, and also how to grovel to our new masters. Thank you (bow down here), Mr. Obama.

No better way to control China than to have them using the jewish monopoly money (dollar).

If you want to borrow some more money you to bow. Get it?

The jews kill people for their organs so they can live to count the dollar another day

Even if China was to own all even close to half of the US debt, there would never be a war between the US and China due to the economic dependency of both countries. CHINA NEEDS AMERICA., without the US those factories and products they produce would be worthless. Americans put to much into China and don't realize how much power that we carry on our own as their consumers and business partners.

China only owns 8% of the US debt, the rest is own by Americans.

Look at all those western style furniture.  Does the Chinese steal those designs as well ?What a smile on that evil heeb's face... It looks like he's getting ready to foreclose on an old lady.

Shouldn't the President of Walmart be in this meeting?

This country sold out !! Homeland security check into that .

The United States of America has tendered to China a written agreement which grants to the People's Republic of China, an option to exercise Eminent Domain within the USA, as collateral for China's continued purchase of US Treasury Notes and existing US Currency reserves.The written agreement was brought to Beijing by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and was formalized and agreed-to China. This means that in the event the US Government is still in default on its financial agreement in September 2013 the obligations to China and the Communist Government of China would be permitted to physically take -- inside the USA -- land, buildings, factories, and even entire cities - to satisfy the financial obligations of the US government.Put simply, the feds have now actually mortgaged the physical land and property of all citizens and businesses in the United States.They have given to a foreign power, their Constitutional power to "take" all of your property, as actual collateral for continued Chinese funding of US deficit spending and the continued carrying of US national debt.Your federal government has now granted to China, this power to "take" power of your unpaid homes and businesses mortage payments in the event the US Gov't defaults on its debts. The only homes and business owners who can keep hold of their property whilst in this transition will be those who have no mortage or bad debts.If the US Gov't keeps bellying-up to March 2013 , China can come in and say, "they owed us $2.4 Trillion in Treasury Notes and another $2.2 Trillion in actual US cash money which will then be worthless paper. We are taking the entire state of Hawaii ,Nevada, New Mexico, Texas, Colorado,, Michigan, Arizona, and California in lieu of this bad debt".With the stroke of a Chinese chop stick all the land and buildings in those states -- are now owned by China.The "taking" would be a "valid public use" because it was "taken" in payment of the public debt!!!China could then turn around and declare the value of all that land to be worth. . . . . maybe, ten cents on a dollar? For your $200,000 house, you get a Chinese check for $20,000!Needless to say, the Americans who still hold a debt on a mortage or leins, those property owners would go crazy and demand "just compensation" for what was taken.Who gets to decide what is "just?" China!Don't think you got a fair price for what they took?No problem, sue China!Youll lose...

Oh how cute!! Another photo-op that will cost America another $1.5 TRILLION dollars!!

HEllo Mr. Rew.

Wow!  They skipped the puppets and went right to the NWO link in the us govt.  China don't mess around!

LAST WAR .. gonna looks like this.... chinees hacker will hack US drones... and destroy USA...AND REST OF US

China is making sure we dont default on our loan.

Wonder what it felt like to be soooooo  close to OUR money? Did he feel a tingle going up his leg?Xi i see another Obama Dummie s mistake" As he meets Lew"

I believe that it would be easier for the US to deal with the new generation Chinese leaders now .  , China's Pres. Xi has been to Iowa and California before and his  daughter is still studying in Harvard, while the prime minister Li  is a a lawyer with a pH. degree in conomics.

I say we just tell China to stick it, we owe them nothing, they have already made their money since NAFTA, i.e. the master plan to screw the American people.

keep your friend close and your enemies closer!

I hope they had a big bucket there  to hold all the lies from both of them.

I like their President Xi... he was a foreign exchange student in Kansas on a farm way back and knows the average American.... I just hope he remembers most of us are not fans of our own Government in DC.... just like more in China won't be a fan of his government without some house cleaning at some point.

It is nearly as cheap to make stuff in Mexico now as it is in China because of the rising cost of labor in China and the far greater shipping cost from China. Trucks and trains from Mexico can reach anywhere in the USA in 4 days. For China it takes weeks.

Lew needs 2 interpreters, one for the #$%$...:)

The United States of America has tendered to China a written agreement which grants to the People's Republic of China, an option to exercise Eminent Domain within the USA, as collateral for China's continued purchase of US Treasury Notes and existing US Currency reserves.The written agreement was brought to Beijing by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and was formalized and agreed-to China. This means that in the event the US Government is still in default on its financial agreement in September 2013 the obligations to China and the Communist Government of China would be permitted to physically take -- inside the USA -- land, buildings, factories, and even entire cities - to satisfy the financial obligations of the US government.Put simply, the feds have now actually mortgaged the physical land and property of all citizens and businesses in the United States.They have given to a foreign power, their Constitutional power to "take" all of your property, as actual collateral for continued Chinese funding of US deficit spending and the continued carrying of US national debt.Your federal government has now granted to China, this power to "take" power of your unpaid homes and businesses mortage payments in the event the US Gov't defaults on its debts. The only homes and business owners who can keep hold of their property whilst in this transition will be those who have no mortage or bad debts.If the US Gov't keeps bellying-up to March 2013 , China can come in and say, "they owed us $2.4 Trillion in Treasury Notes and another $2.2 Trillion in actual US cash money which will then be worthless paper. We are taking the entire state of Hawaii ,Nevada, New Mexico, Texas, Colorado,, Michigan, Arizona, and California in lieu of this bad debt".With the stroke of a Chinese chop stick all the land and buildings in those states -- are now owned by China.The "taking" would be a "valid public use" because it was "taken" in payment of the public debt!!!China could then turn around and declare the value of all that land to be worth. . . . . maybe, ten cents on a dollar? For your $200,000 house, you get a Chinese check for $20,000!Needless to say, the Americans who still hold a debt on a mortage or leins, those property owners would go crazy and demand "just compensation" for what was taken.Who gets to decide what is "just?" China!Don't think you got a fair price for what they took?No problem, sue China!Youll lose...

Looks like the landlord is here to collect the rent.we want loyal relationship between US and china.china diplomacy comes war just we are opposite the 4th world war.we make peace and we keep peace in the world. this is our position.

They can meet all they want for the millionth time. It won't solve any issues like cyber-espionage, currency devaluation, copyright infringement, and so on. China knows that they've got us by the balls already. It's like a habitual drug user telling the dealer to cut him/her a deal. Not gonna happen. Sadly.

China's huge loans to the US are in dollars so's they needs to keep US a'float... but what happens when the rest of the world goes to gold...?!!

sorry but obama is not doing anything to get those big american companies to manufacture here in u.s.a by maybe giving them some incentives if they don`t go over seas to manufacture. so now we have to go and kiss but to china and make sure our relationship is still good with them.

OPPT Has CLOSED BOTH THESE JOKERS......hahahahhahahahahahaSYSTEM Over, New System

I hack you, you hack me, we are a happy hacking family, with a security breach here and a intel theft there , oh how profitable we will be.. and the world will see as we flood the markets with cheap copies for almost free..and ruin their economies.. till we own all that we can see!  ( the communist "barney" tune )

Free your people.or else it will never happen.

There is not debt problem, China still has lots of money!

"Awh man, you again".

Treaury secretary is like saying "thank you thank you thank you", and Xi is like "just get tha Fwq out"!Just look at Xi's face.  He is thinking out loud "ah man, how much you want this time"?

How times have changed..

Associating itself with other countries doesn't change the truth that that obnoxious contemptible honkey country that currently has a Negr0 as the president is a contemptible obnoxious worthless dirty and ugly country. It's a thief, a leech, a shameless copier, and a deceiver. Yeah, all Negr0es and honkeys want their shameless country to remain like that forever. Yeah, they are really contemptible.

Is this Treason? Didn't they threaten us with Nukes?

Xi, Can we borrow some more money? This guy is spending it like he has a job.

I scrolled down only to read the comments.

Why do I see in the picture a face that says" I could care less".

He is there selling him more of America from obama.

CHINA ON NK? Mr. President Xi Jinping you just have to understand if North Korea lands one artillery shell on Seoul?  We expect that you are going to be held reponsible for payment of damages from our indebtedness to you? In addition you will receive no dividend on all that money loaned to the United States of America in view of the 54,000 US military killed by your Communist forces during the Korean War 1950-1953 among them my fellow soldiers, neighbors, and relatives who would otherwise be among us?

OLDHISTORY?  Then 1836 President Andrew Jackson was impeached for attempting to stop Mr. Biddle of the Federal Reserve Bank of borrowing money from the Bank of England.  He must have knew something back then when all the US Presidents since 1974 have worked at ignoring? Where is America going?  Heavily indebted to China and socialist with the loss of individual Amerian's freedoms?  America being led by the proxys without referendum and by corporations who demand the same representations before the law as individuals?  Never mind that over 54,000 in the Korean Conflict, 58,000 of our soldiers, airman and marines died fighting the Communist and now our national values have became dwindled and sold out for greed?OLDHISTORY?  Then 1836 President Andrew Jackson was impeached for attempting to stop Mr. Biddle of the Federal Reserve Bank of borrowing money from the Bank of England.  He must have knew something back then when all the US Presidents since 1974 have worked at ignoring? Where is America going?  Heavily indebted to China and socialist with the loss of individual Amerian's freedoms?  America being led by the proxys without referendum and by corporations who demand the same representations before the law as individuals?  Never mind that over 54,000 in the Korean Conflict, 58,000 of our soldiers, airman and marines died fighting the Communist and now our national values have became dwindled and sold out for greed?

American treasury secretary is BEGGING CHINA not to enter the CURRENCY war or else the US DOLLARS will worth a PENNY.

China's new owner of the USA

leader Xi jinping doesn't look all that bad I'm even willing to bet he'll give the treasury the courtesy of a reach around,But then again I could be wrong.

China said " I want my money back".

Why people keep talking about US debt or owe China trillions dollars for? Easy and Simple:  US just declare bankruptcy or default. Otherwise, devalue Dollars USD and pay money papers to China...No more need to worry. ..If Communist wanna fight...Let do WAR.

American treasury secretary is BEGGING CHINA not to enter the CURRENCY war or else the US DOLLARS will worth a PENNY.

Can anyone tell me a place that sells Made in the USA products?

Xi: "Come here son, come shake my hand and tell me how much you wants this time."Lew: "Okay, Daddy. I'm coming."

More &amp; More loan facility would be available.  Enjoy!!!first order of bussness, the chinese like laying in bed with there compitation to gain and foot hold and take there compitation down when they are at there weekest

Obama isn't man enough to meet the guy himself?

the us secretary looks like he is shaking hands with a cardboard cutout

xin ching chuang chu, ming man pooo, please release us from the big debt we owe you.

GBuess we are begging for more loans!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Thanks to all those morons in America who buy foreign autos and send our $$$ overseas. This is not a government problem; it is the ill minded folks in America who spend their US $$ buying big ticket items like autos from foreign companies.

China is laughing at Obama and his stooges....all the way to world domination.

china is a mask with plastic they should stop intruding countries teriyories in asia otherwise the 3 w war will start from them dangerous people

they both remarked how much they love the movie "Rincoln"

time to pay your debt with interest !not a shabby way to visit our landlord

There is at least pone positive side to our debt to China....China knows that if they start any hostile actions that require our participation, like attacking Japan, we can stop trading and even even begin deducting from the debt to cover our war costs. Oh yes..... They think they own us...Its actually quite the opposite.

Is this dude a wolf in sheep's skin or another #$%$ traitor ready to sell out Chinese people to Wall Street/Jewish interests?

Lending more money to US, so US can build more aircraft carriers and fight along side the Nippon aggressors (Pearl Harbor all forgotten!) against China. What kind of logic is that?

another trillion dollar loan from china? tsk tsk, poor america someday china will the sole superpower of the world and that is very, very, very dangerous! little by little US of A is digging its own grave!!

lol Xi's checking on the progress of his financial portfolio...hopefully he doesn't cash it out.

I think Chairman Xi is just coming by to see how his investment is doing.

Don't tell me they want to foreclose on the country THEY own !!!!

That picture is classic. The US guy with a look on his face that says "thank you so much for the money, we really need it" and the chinese guy with a look that says "whatever, I just better get my money back".

90% of Hollywood movies these days is garbage anyway...why even bother protecting greedy hollywood rights?Weird that, of all the people to meet with, they chose the U.S. treasury secretary.  The meeting was probably to ask when the U.S. would start paying on the debt to China.

I wonder if they discussed how to finance the war against North Korea?

We better make friends with them. They own us now that corporate America is in China. We go to war with China and all the shelves in Wal Mart will be empty. If your tv breaks down you will have to waite until the war is over before you can buy a new one.

It is easy to meet with the U.S. Treasure secretary when you have already hacked into all of there systems with access to sensitive information that can help China out wit this twit of a Secretary.

When the boss calls .You must go

Ummm, no we dont need more ties with China, just look at whats happened to the U.S. industrial sector over the last 2 decades, I think we've had more than our share of being buddy buddy with China.

Xi looks like a very moderate counterpart to his predecessor.  The tougher stance on North Korea, the reduction in naval patrols in disputed waters with Japan, and addressing the trade deficit by acknowledging that they need to increase domestic consumption, all show that China is making some serious strides toward normalizing relations with the USA and with the rest of the world.  Hopefully people realize that they are going through their own version of an industrial revolution and that they have a long way to go - transitioning into a modern society takes decades.  Hopefully their talk about improving their environmental conditions because of mass public outcry will leak into other aspects of their government and allow people more rights than what they currently have.  There is no reason that China should ever be at serious odds with the United States, especially militarily, as it would benefit neither nation in any way.

THE CHINESE CONSIDER DER BUTTPLUG A MONKEY

China needs N Korea, it's a good cop bad cop scene. If Japan or Obama wants to fight, bring it on!

wow, that face sais it all lolChina's so full of it.  We really need to control our spending so we can tell china to shove it

A higher frequency of meetings in between high-level U.S.-Chinese contact is always better for both countries.The recent assumption of state secretary of John Kerry has actually witnessed a total shift of political mindset towards China. For John is more focused on the real threat in the Middle East than the Chinese shadow fighting.

The Chinnese already own the country.

HUUUMvery interesting, IS NESARA about to be anounced?

why dont they just talk on the phone........instead of wasting my TAXPAYES money

you give me united state, I give you rice and slavery. good deal, number 1