They don't need the pope's help on this one. I'll do it. Just walk away from it, Argentina. There's no way you're gonna win this one.

Nich, give your bloody head a shake.. This is not about the Palestinians.. did you fall and bump your head and are unable to follow a train of thought??

If islanders want to remain a colony and Argentina can not take it back , what makes Argentina think it should be theirs ?

Stay out of this Pope Francis!

If the islanders voted overwhelmingly to remain a British Overseas Territory, why would Argentina impose on that? Just for pride's sake, I guess. -And why drag the Catholic Church into a secular issue. They're most likely going to say the same thing.

Argentina has never had possession of the Falklands, they were discovered by Europeans, and have been a British Possession for almost 200 years, everyone that lives there is a British Citizen and they don't want anything to do with Argentina, understandably, the reason Argentina wants them with their sick excuse is the Islands might be the next big Oil Discovery.

He won't get involved the church is not supposed to get involved in political issues that don't pertain to the faith.

Dear Pope.....do not get involved.  It's not the business of the Vatican.  Falklanders voted to remain with Britain.  That's that.

The people in the Falklands wish to remain part of the British Empire.- End of Story -

I find it amazing that Argentina is still whining about the Falklands, especially since the people who live there like things the way they are.

You want some help on the dispute?  Respect the vote that was taken and give up trying to take something that doesn't belong to you...Surely there are more important thing to sort out in her country, than to keep bleating on about this.  She's really getting on my wick now!

There is no dispute. There are only Argentina's imperialist dreams.

Maybe she should ask him for Catalina Island also.

The Pope has a choice. Vocally side with Fernandez and he will loose a tremendous amount of political and financial support the church needs or stick to the mission of the church and have a chance to regain respect and growth.

Butt out Pope Francis.  It's not your realm.

So the lefties in Argentina, after bashing him for his actions in the past, now want him to help them get the Falklands? They have no shame.

England has NOTHING to discuss with Argentina. The Islands are a British commonwealth and the citizens just voted to stay English. The Brits whipped Argentinas sorry butt in 82 and they can squall all they want. Not their territory, never was and never will be.

What dispute, Argentina?  The Falklands are a British Overseas Territory.  You lost a war over this 25 years ago.  You've lost every legal challenge.  And, earlier this year, the islanders voted overwhelmingly to remain a British Overseas Territory.  Your pope can't save you now.

President Cristina Fernandez, the solution is easy.  Just walk away and leave them alone.

There shouldn't be a dispute at all.  Argentina has never had a claim to the islands, past that, the people just had a vote on their status and they wish to remain a British territory.  That's it, no dispute.  Argentina needs to back off.I'd tell Fernandez to stick it where the sun don't shine.

What dispute, the people of the Falklands have spoken again, they are British, not Argentine. . .Madame President needs to take care of her people and not worry about a British Crown Colony.

CRISTINA . SORRY GIRL no help , you have to dance the tango with CASTRO

The Falklands is not a religious issue.  He never should have made that "usurped" statement, and she should not have raised the issue with him now.

Didn't the islanders just vote and decided to remain part of the UK?  What exactly do they want the Pope to do?

Dispute? What dispute? The Brits and Argentina fought a war over it. Argentina lost. The occupants voted overwhelmingly to stay British. I think the story ends there and Argentina needs to move on. Those are the Falkland Islands, and they are British.

Dear Pope Francis, kindly stick with your numerous Catholic Church problems and leave the affairs of sovereign nations to them. If you want to test your diplomatic powers, just demand that Cuba reimburse all the Cuban Catholics for land and property confiscated during their revolution.

Dubble-U Tee Eff does the friggin' POPE have to do with the Falkland Islands?  By virtue of the fact that he's Argentine by birth, the Pope should stay OUT of it.  Or, Argentina could try to take them by force again.  Britain could use the target practice.

The British are Protestant. Good luck.

It's not about the island - or for that matter the islanders.  It's for the exclusive "commercial zone of control" around the island, including oil and mineral exploration and fishing.  Draw a 200 mile circle AROUND the islands, and you will see just how much real estate they cover.This "argument" was ended by Brittian in the 1980's when they kicked Argentina's #$%$ after they invaded the Falklands then. Recently 95% of the Falkland's residents say that they concider themselves Brittish and want to stay that way.There is no argument. There is only a fascist wannabe dictator who is trying to distract her citizens from her awful record by creating a conflict where none exists.

I think the pope lost any influence over Britain around 1532.

If the people of the Faulklands voted overwhelmingly to remain Brittish, then what's the problem?  This is not a Catholic Church issue anyway.  Argentina get over it.

Let's see if this pope has enough intelligence to stay out of this political fiasco.

Well the citizens have voted and over whelmingly want to stay with the british.

The Dutch lost New Amsterdam to the English in 1664. Does that give the Dutch the right to claim it back?

This is shocking, even for the Argentinian government.  Pope Francis is the leader of the Catholic Church, not Argentina's political tool.

With the world spiraling into moral decline all we need is for the new Pope to put his focus on a political issue that by interfering with it, the Pope would be only proving he is just another politician representing special interest, while his role should be spreading the good news about Jesus Christ.

The people don't want your Leftist Government Argentina.

The people of the Falklands want to stay part of Britain, so go home puta.Seems to me the Falkland Islanders just held a referendum and voted overwhelmingly to remain British..I guess Argentina still doesn't get the democracy thing..What a bunch of whiners. Also, the Pope should keep out of this..he has enough to keep him busy cleaning his own house...He has a hugely dysfunctional institution on his hands that is steadily losing followers for obvious reasons.. It's totally corrupt from the top down.

That pic looks weird, like it was photoshopped or something.

I doubt there are that many locals (Falkland) who are Catholic, most are Anglican if anything. These people could less what the pope says.

The only thing in dispute here is Argentina's sanity for claiming what isn't theirs!

Cristina likes having a British Boot up her thievingass.  Come again, Cristina, the United Kingdom has plenty of boots with your name on them.

the dispute is only in Argentina's mind

There is no dispute.  Claiming somebody else;s land, as Argentina is doing, doesn't create a "dispute".

Only  Argentina would think that they could use the Catholic Church to influence the English settlers on the Falkland Islands.  The Anglican Church is the church of England and also the church of the Falkland Islanders and it is not going to intercede as the Pope should not either.  The second he does he will have put the Catholic Church as being involved in a dispute which it has no interest.  No Catholic parishioners on the Falklands nor are there Catholic churches or any other Catholic presence.  The Falklands have been an English territory almost as long as Argentina has existed.

Why would a bunch of British protestants care what the Pope says on anything?

It's like Deja Vue all over again!And the UK is thinking... well, thank heavens for Henry VIII. We're Anglican now, so here's a great big 'whatever' signed with a kiss from the head of OUR church... the Queen of England.

Argentina shouldn't need help with minding their own business.

Them Argentinians just don't want to give up over the Falkland Islands.They tried in 1982 and Britain smoked their drawers.Now, they want divine intervention.

They do not want to be part of Argentina - Dispute over

It was defused.  England kicked your #$%$.  Now move along.

The pope needs to stay out of the dispute and remind both sides about the evils of war and greed.

The Falklands were uninhabited when the British claimed them and 90%+ of the current inhabitants wish to remain under British rule… I don’t see how Argentina can “win” the Islands.Besides, as Pope, Francis should not interfere.

98 % of the Falkland Islanders don't want attachment to Argentina, What dosen't Fernandez not understand or is she just that ignorant. Its a socialist financial grab and thats all. Argentina wants to profit from others hard work, plain and simple but thats what Socialists and Communists depend on.

When the British were establishing a Colony in the Falklands, Argentina was still wearing Loin Clothes and shooting Poison Darts at one another, it has changed little since then, but the thought of an Oil Discovery makes this old Bag quiver with delight, she is ready to Cash in on the proceeds, 10 for me 1 for you.

The Falklands? I think the Brits under the leadership of Mrs.Thatcher smote the Argentinianswith the iron rod of old John Bull and took the place back.The Falklander's have already spoken, and VOTED to remain BRITISH...happened recently.

Oh, I can see this now.  Your Eminence, please help us to convince the English-speaking people of the Malvinas, who have been allied with the British Commonwealth for generations, and whom we unsuccessfully attempted to liberate with military force back in the eighties, and who voted nearly unanimously (with only two votes against) to remain part of the United Kingdom, to return to their rightful dominion by Argentina.Et in terra pax.

What the people that live there want is good enough for me."Earlier this month, the islanders voted overwhelmingly to remain a British Overseas Territory."

God is on their side now? Careful boys Margaret Thatcher is still alive.

A demagogue politician trying to use a religious figure to further her goals in a territorial dispute. Hopefully the pope told her to get lost.

What is there to intervene about?  It's always been a British territory.  The people who live there are British and want to stay that way.  Argentina tried to take it and failed.  It's over.  Long ago.

It would be a blunder on his part to get involved , especially due to his original nationality .

Isn't it HER job as President to take care of that?

So Now that the Pope is from Latin American they want him to help them on their side instead of Britain's side see that is the problem He is the Pope of Catholics not one country or the other

It's ridiculous to ask the Pope to stick his neck into this!  It's been settled, was settled again in 1982, and, if Argentina sticks their military neck in there again, I guarantee it will be settled again the same way!Bottom line is that the islanders themselves just voted to REMAIN British, so forget it!She is stupid, don't think a pope has her agenda in mind, at least I hope not!

Hang in there Great Britain!  This is YOUR country and the people want to be part of you!

Argentina isn’t too bright...Popes are not supposed do be political diplomats////or are they?   We shall see.

Juan and Eva peron back to getting the English out.

Most countries could not afford a reset of so called ownership of lands to the earlier people ... Just look at the history and then look at the control people now existing ....most do not resemble the people they in fact have taken the land from today .... and I don't mean going back thousands of years ......

Somebody throw water on this Ugly Witch.

Step right into politics!

No dispute exists. The Falklands are British. The Falklanders just voted in a plebiscite to state that they want to remain British. Argentina need to get over it.

Would you prefer to be a part of Argentina or Britain?  Guess? "God save the queen!"

Yeah like England will bow to the Pope to cede a territory they control.I don't think that is the role of the pope.

Not his business

I'd much rather watch Britain's military spank Argentina again.

Last time a Pope helped Argentina they called off a war against Chile.

I believe that they just had an election there to remain British. Typical socialists. Now go and cry to the church for help since the UN won't intervene. She won't try to take it back by force since they got kicked out in the 80's. So let's try and get another corrupt organization to switch it for a corrupt country. What in the world is so important in the Falklands anyway?

Is that what the pope is for?  The Britts won, the end.

"help diffuse" You mean help us get the islands back!

Easy to solve the problem ! Just quit trying to steal British territory. The residents want to remain British subjects.

Now that he is the Pope, Fernandez is kissing up to him!

Hoping this pope will pass on this political matter.LOL yeah have him help with you land dispute, there's no conflict of interest.  What a joke.

She looks like a tart.

What Fernandez wants is for the Pope to say she is right and the Falkans are wrong.

First President Christina Kirchner seized the privately managed pensions in Argentina in 2008. Now she is up to the same dirty old trick the Junta tried in 1982, diverting attention from Argentina’s woeful economic condition.

The islander's have voted to remain a protectorate of the UK. There is nothing to talk about.

I have a suggestion; maybe argentines can just pray to god the Brits will give it back. good luck with that

And when the Pope formally declares that the right of self-determination trumps all historical claims, what will Fernandez say then?

There is nothing to dispute. English citizens living on an Island in the South Atlantic that has been British since 1833. It isn't, wasn't, and never will be Argentinian. No amount of giving it an Argentinian name or military bluster will change the fact that the people have overwhelmingly  rejected any presence other than British.The last time Argentina invaded this British Isle, they got their butts whooped.The issue is resolved. The Brits get to keep their sheep (the only thing that grows there) and Argentina can kick rocks,

People voted to remain British territory. Argentina is so corrupt. It's better to remain British than to be govern by corrupt government.

Pope Francis I, is a SPIRITUAL LEADER AND NOT A POLITICIAN IDIOTS!!!Defuse the dispute?I thought that the Falkland Island residents voted as to what country they wanted to be part of and they over-whelmingly chose Britain.Maybe its time for Argentina to listen to the will of the Falkland Island citizens.

What a disgusting request by Fernandez !

Here we go again, the Argentinians trying to get the islands that don't belong to them, crying like babies to the Argentinian Pope. The Falklanders and British should tell both to get lost.

The Falklands is a political matter, not a religious one.  He should never have made his "usurped" statement, she shouldn't have asked him for help.

How about the pope tell the Argentines to go and find the 20,000 land mines they buried on the islands and dig them up again?

The new pope would be wise to not take sides.  This is a political issue, not a papal issue.

The Sin of PRIDE is a dangerous thing...they should take a lesson of humility from the POPE!

Newsflash Argentina It was decided in 82...you lost

really? now you are using the Argentine pope as leverage?? this president is a pain.

I guess she doesn't want to let the people of the Falklands decide their fate.I think something like 98% of islanders chose to stay with the UK.

The only reason any of them care is because there might be a lot of oil in range of those islands.

President Christina Fernandez Kirchner, what a political hoe!

i live about 5 miles from the beach.. everytime i go there i  see a real nice house  with large property , real nice ..... I want them to give it to me , but they wont. Will the Pope make them give it to me ?  i think they should give me their house, they rarely use it anyway!

The votes are in. Brits  and powerful living there want to stay. Check the demographics to see why.

Memo from President Christina to the POPE:  Please help us with those nasty British.  They keep beating us up and bullying us around.  Pretty please with whipped cream on top.  Help us.  We tried to take the islands but those nasty British kept shooting down our planes and sinking our ships.  They are bad boys those nasty British.  By the way, we need more planes.  Know where we can get some cheap?  And we can't pay for them in cash, but we'll sign a notel, if that is okay.  Oh, we have to repay the note.  Isn't that being a little picky?

My best advice for President Fernandez, find something else to blither about. The old hunta tried this and lost big time back in the 80's. If you try it, you'll loose as well.

there is no dispute. The Falklands belong to England. The people who live there voted to remain part of England.

Ho hum. Another day, another socialist trying to wreck something that isn't theirs in the first place.What parts of "you lost the 1982 war, badly" and "the people don't want any part of your socialist hellhole" doesn't Fernandez get?

I pray that the Holy Spirit guides the Holy Father into staying out of this dispute.  The trollop argie president is trying to sucker him into something he should avoid.EVERY border in the world was set my force of arms or the threat of the force of arms.Argentina needs to get real.There are several disputed borders in South America. The fact that this particular territory is inhabited by English speaking people makes the dispute important to the intolerant Argentines.That, and the fact that Argentina is frequently broke, and the Argentine tyrants want to tax the Falklands.

The Brits are going to have to whip their butts twice.

Paraguay demands that Argentina return the one-third of Paraguay that Argentina stole during the War of the Triple Alliance. I wonder if the Pope will help Paraguay get its territory back from Argentina.

The people voted on the Fauklands they don't want to belong to you. Give it up or your just another hypocrite member of the UN who believes in sovereignty of the people and in democratic elections.

Argentina is full of manure!  The Falklands population has had multiple popular elections and every time the Falklanders have overwhelmingly voted that they wish to remain British. There is no controversy, The Islanders have no interest in being Argentinian. Moreover, the voice of the Church is meaningless in this manner and ought to know better then to stick their nose into it.

Pres. Fernandez is an anti-democratic, warmonger dingbat.  She's the Sarah Palin of South America.  Stop her illegal war goals now!

Please your holiness.  Can you make them give us their territory?? Pretty please??

Pope - Catholic and Argentinian, Britain - Church of England and British, what an obviously stupid request by Catholic Argentinians.

No right thinking Brit gives a c(r(a(p what the pope says or thinks about anything much less British Sovereign Territory that has already been decided in a war decades ago.

Earlier this month, the islanders voted overwhelmingly to remain a British Overseas Territory.Apparently, Argentina isn't concerned with self-determination for the Falklands' residents.How come they didn't ask fhe previous 2 popes?  Oh that's right they weren't Argentinians......

lol, The Pope has no power.

Socialist and royal screw-up, President Christina Kirchner, would not ask the Pope to weigh in on  Argentina’s “dispute” with Britain concerning the Falkland Islands if she did not know his position. This may reveal what lies beneath the surface of Pope Francis’s character.

The voters of the Falklands have spoken. End of story.

Crazy, The church can not even control sex abuse within the church, What does that idiot President think she can win asking a new Pope to step out of his boundries for to try an help solve a debate that really is not a debate...The Falklands people have spoken and if memory serves me right, They more or less told those idiots in Argentina - Hand off !!!! Get over it Argentina, Unless of course you want another can of whoop tail from Britain !!!!!!!

Argentina can't even take care of the people on the mainland, what makes them think they deserve to own more land. Deal with your problems at home and maybe the Islanders will want to have you control their destiny.

The only reason there was ever a Falklands war in the 1st place was to take attention off of what was going on in Argentina itself. Not like that hasn't ever happened thru history in other parts of the world...

I'm no historian but didn't Britian quit listening to the Catholic church about the time Henry the Eighth needed a divorce?  Why would they care now?

People who live on the island should have a say on it.

Don't these people ever give up?  Dragging the Pope into this is pretty tacky.I would be tremendously dissapointed if the Pope intervened in this Non-issue. I am positive that Argentina has a provision for the separation of Church and State. This question has been resolved both by war and by poppular democratic vote of the inhabitants of the islands. They are British. What part of Democracy and Self Determination is so hard to understand.

Waa, waa, waa, let me cal you a wambulance, Argentina.  They couldn't take the islands back from the British 30 years ago, and they are still crying about it.  Argentina is nothing, the British whipped their butts, so they go crying to the Pope???  What the heck can he do???  LOLOL!!!!!  The Falklanders want to remain British and there's noting Argentina can do but cry like a little baby. . . give me a break. . . .LOL!!!!!

Fernandez still don't get it! What do you expect? Fernandez a blond airhead broad in disguise! Argies had a chance, and LOST in 1982!

Argies had a chance in 1982! If they really want the island back, then attack and invade! If not, STFHU!

The Chinese in Hong Kong also voted to be part of the British empire but the brits said no way.

what dispute ?a war was fought...argentina lostcase closed

Englanders are WASP, good luck with getting them to cater to the pope.

The only times Argentina really cares about the falklands is when their corrupt govt needs it as a diversion from their gross mismanagement.

Look at that ugly Sea Hag. Couldn't wait to exploit the fact the new Pope is from her country and is looking for his intercession based upon National loyalty. These pigs know damn well if the Pope was to intercede on behalf of Argentina using Papal authority, it would destroy the last vestige of honor left in the church. Popes, at least modern ones, can never be nationalistic for a single country.

France &amp; England divided up lands &amp; drew out borders on a piece of paper...then told the Arab world that was their Nations? Without asking them...or figuring tribal or religous secs. You don't think they resent that?The Falkland island dispute is not over. Argentina will bide their time if need be...but wanting them back will never go away. Whites are now finding out what its like to have land taken away, from others other then whites. Last time that happened...was the Arab push into Spain.

Argentina wants to overrun the island with settlers and claim the natural resources...

Fernandez, do you really think the Pope is stupid enough to get involved in your stupid attempts to re-annex the Falklands? You lost the war, remember? The plebiscite declared that the people themselves want to remain a British territory, not an Argentine one.Will you ever get it? Probably not. You want what you want when you want it. Period. And the Argentine people actually elected you? Sad.

Falklands status is permanent British - just like Cristina ugliness is permanent.

It's time Argentina repatriates to the So American Indians they stole the country from.

Starting shuuuut already

Idiotic request. She might just as well have asked for her god to make a personal appeal to the head of the pedophile cult.

Yes this is his job ? uuugghhghguu!

It is well known that the Falklands war in 1982 was instigated by a corrupt leadership who sought to distract the population from a dire economy and brutal dictatorship by whipping up a nationalist fervor -- sending ill-equipped soldiers in a losing cause.  That's what Fernandez is doing again.  Meanwhile, she's trying to remove the constitutional limit of 2 terms so she can run for a 3rd (not to mention that her husband was the President before her).   Coincidence?  I think not.  Wag the dog.  Pope will and should stay out of it.

So the #$%$ in Argentina need help.Falkland islanders voted to remain a British colony, discussion over. Attempting to drag the Catholic Church into this settled dispute only further delegitimizes her argument.

The Church will not get involved in that issue anyway....The vote was in...the islands don't want to be involved with another "digbat government"!

This is now all about oil, folks. There was oil found near the island so now everyone is fighting over it. Even the Pope has to get involved. Welcome to the second half of the fossil fuel era - The Great Decline.

We insist for a separation of powers between the church and the state.  The Pope should be insulated from the evils of politics.

I am sure his heart is with argentina but 99.8% of the people who  live in falklands voted to stay with GB. there is nothing he can do.

Maybe ... just maybe ..... if any Argentines actually move there ..... perhaps they would have a freaking argument ..... but the Brits colonized the island ..... they just voted to remain British subjects ....The Brits are pulling out of the Middle East ..... they have the time if Argentina wants a re-match ....

So, what Falkland's people want doesn't matter? It seems that the argentinian #$%$ raise their heads!

He needs to tell Mexico to get out of California.

Arg. Wants the islands because there is oil offshore.  Now how much drilling is Allowed in the waters off the long 1500 miles of coast that Arg has -0-, then what for?  National pride ? No , just wants to distract the Argentinian people  from the lousy gov. they have.  Sorry but they will be Falklands not Malvinas.   This Pope will not involve himself in this matter - this is not same the as in prior involvements regardings land disputes Arg vs. Chile, where they did resolved that dispute.   Open profitable drilling offshore, that is what makes sense.Ps Cristina don't waste your $$ in Botox or plastic surgery - your ugliness, like the Falk. status,  is permanent.

It was Argentine President Cristina Fernandez that has asked the Pope, NOT AgentinaThe Pope should tackle internal problems before paying Dr. Phil. Bad move on his part if he does that.

The pope should not get involved in this.  If the Argentinians move in and repopulate the islands through inbreeding and naturalization, then they can have it back in say 100 years, but as long as the people there want to be a British Crown Colony and tied to the Crown, then it should be the way it is and the pope should not get involved.

The people said f u . What part don't you get you stupi wench?

As past performances have shown, it is unwise to mix politics and religion. Remember the Inquisition?  French Revolution? Salem witch trials? Just getting the government to pay the utility bills is trouble enough without adding religious pandering and favoritism. Let the churches be churches they have their own bagage to carry.

Christina is acting like the Lovely Obama .. It's not my fault/problem/issue/fill-in-the-blank ..it's someone elsesThe only problem with the Falklands is your continued wish to have them.

Why would you ask a Pope to do anything.  They can't even keep their own house.

No government can use the Pope for their own political agenda.  He is for peaceful resolution and dialogue and not an ally of any regime. There is exception though like Solidarity in Poland.

"Earlier this month, the islanders voted overwhelmingly to remain a British Overseas Territory." Looks like the resident's made their choice. Maybe the Argentinians need to find something else to whine about.

Why is it the business of the pope?  He is a figurehead in a religious community, not the head of either Brittan or Argentina.  Let the people of the Falklands decide their fate.

Haha who in the UK is going to listen to the pope?  They're almost uniformly anti-Catholic over there.  Ole Botox de Kirchner didn't really think that one through, did she?  Of course, she's already proven she's a crazy B, but that's a different story.Nice picture of the pope already being manipulated by a politician.

The Pope had to ask God....and God says "You already had one Miracle from me!! Maradona in 86!...Denied!!....

When are they going clear the landmines?

Let me get this straight.  You denounce all the things the Chruch believes by your secular laws, and now you're asking for its support?

The winners of wars &amp; territories want all to forgive &amp; forget. Yet has we lost say the war of 1812, &amp; Britian say occupied &amp; made a part of Canada... WI,MN, ND, MO, ID, &amp; WA....would we of forgotten by now? NO...the losers have long memories. Hell, many Southerners still hate yankees.

LETs go by votes who owns what....China would vote they own right up to U.S. shorelines. The rest they will buy.

SO, some say the 1982 war should decide it. So China owns Tibet...they occupied it &amp; won it fair &amp; square.

IF voting alone determines where &amp; what country people belong...the why isn't the Confederate States of America a seperate Nation? They voted for it? Didn't they?

No war or major war can defeat the U.S. without mutual destruction. The World knows this. The only way to defeat major powers, are financially....or internally. We are headed for both...so is Europe. White seem to think these people have forgot? LOL? Why are blacks taking land from whites in Africa...cause they forgot?

HOW many American believe that had native Hawaians of still had the population, Hawaii would be a state. Whites out populated them, &amp; had the vote. Texas broke from Mexico, cause whites out populated hispanics. What will we do, as hispanics out populate in states? What will be europe's plight, when Muslims achieve even 30% population.I'm an American. When these Falklands get publicity, I consider moving down there. It looks like a very nice place.  Population 2,272 in 1911 primarily of British descent.Property is an abstract concept, I grant, but if we use the concept, this is obviously a British possession.

with todays technology....could british ships even find the Falklands without U.S. satilite GPS help? Does anyone in england still know how to use a sexton....or night star navigation?

The Falklands belong to the United Kingdom.  The inhabitants of the island overwhelmingly voted to remain part of the U.K.  "Roma locuta est; causa finita est........"

Oh brother! sigh.

Isn't Argentina's President Cristina a communist.......asking for the Pope's help.lol. Stay out of politics pope

Good luck with that!  It seems that every time that Argentina is in trouble that the Falklands become a patriotic issue.  The Junta tried it, and now again.  The islands are British--get over it.

How selfish of Argentina. Trying to coax the Pope into being a political mediator.

i dont think they ran out of sheep in argentina and are desperate

The Pope may have some heavy sway in the politics of countries such as Spain or Italy, but I have a feeling that England is going to respectfully decline any Papal suggestions on this issue.

sorry even the Pope has no say in this matter .Why would Argentina want the Falklands? Easy, the oil reserves under and around the Falklands; Argentina wants the oil.

Cristina, if ya wanna the pope help on the Falklands, git 'im to git more Catholics on the island. Ahem.

AS U.S. political spectrum shifts more solidly to socialism...the day will come when the U.S. government, will nationalize all resources...&amp; private industry will become a thing of memory...&amp; we will slide to 2nd nation status.

Poor falklanders the Argentinians will make them jump out of the plane before they land with out parachutes like the 30.000 they killed they should be thankfull to england for they freedom the idiots lol

How come Argentina has a hottie for a president and we are stuck with the ugly men?

Falklands is Britain's rightful territory.  RULE, BRITANNIA!! GOD SAVE THE QUEEN!!

According to the Catholic Church, the Anglo Church usurped the American Southwest and they have been on a winning  venture to reclaim the American Southwest for the last 30 years for the Catholic Church (using illegal aliens to push the agenda)

keep la bruja mejor,christina fernadez,OUT of the falklands.shes already devastated her peoples finances and shes looking to loot the falklands

The new Pope need to stay out of Sates affairs.

White people are prospering.  That is intolerable.  A little diversity will put a stop to it.She's the Sarah Palin of the Antipodes.

Politicians and clergy are corrupt and self-serving all over the world.

She wants help to 'defuse' the dispute?! She's the one lighting the fuse! And as for facilitating dialogue, the people living there have spoken, overwhelmingly, she just doesn't like what they are saying. Go away Argentina, you have no place in The Falkland Islands, never have and never will. Go drill for oil under your own feet.

I think this is out of the new Pope's lane.

We all know the English adore the Pope, and will gladly cede these lands to appease the Vatican.The Islanders have overwhelmingly supported British rule and heritage. Any attempt to displace these people from their sovereign land would be an act of war.

The war was fought Argentina, lost, a vote was taken, Argentina lost. Case closed.

This is not good, only a few days and politics is already making the pope a puppet for Argentina's government. So what's the deal, sexual favors for the return of the Falklands?

England hasn't listened to the pope since Henry VIII kicked the Catholic church out - why would they listen to him now?

Facilitate Argentina in stealing all that wonderful oil for themselves?????     Now there is a pope you can take to the bank???

the pope should not get involved. he  has enough work to do with the churces problemsNot any of the pope's business,  but the vote by the Islanders saying they are British should seal the deal until  there is a change in the population.  People Count!

What's a ridiculous request to a clergy...Fernandez is out of mind. The Pope is a religious leader not political, the issue between Argentina and UK should be solved diplomatically not religiously.The people of the island are the only one who can chose their destiny and they've done it a few weeks ago, this subject should now close and the pope needs to remain neutral and mostly silence on it..i am sure as a wise man that what he will do..

Cristina is hot, I'd hit that.

So there you have it -- open involvement in politics of other nations -- tax the roman church  as a political organization!!!!!!

The Brits haven't cared about what this child molestor says since, oh, about teh days of Henry VIII

Get over it Argentina. Since the entire population of the Falklands is more British than Argentinian and don't desire to be ruled by someone else. Argentina is a very nice country with great folks but this issue needs to be put to bed.

Would Christina Fernandez de Kirchner strip naked to get the Falkland Islands?

Enough about the Pope.......geez is......... k-rist

Maybe the Pope will send in his army to assist the Argentinians to oust the owners of those Islands.

The British did steal a lot of land from others around the globe in the past.  Thieves always have hard time giving back what they stole and usually it has to be taken from them by force and most of what they stole has been taken back.  But in this case, the islanders voted to stay with Britain and Argentina is an economic mess far too weak to beat up the old gangsters from Europe and take the islands back. Besides,  the pope is the last person the British would ever listen to anyway.what's he going to do... wave his hand like a Jedi and speak in latin?  He is a figurehead of people who believe in one particular brand of mumbo jumbo.  His believe or position has no meaning to the UK.

If votes are to determine if the Falklands belond to England....will you people accept when CA,TX,AZ, &amp; NM vote to be a part of Mexico in 20 or 30 years?

Let the people vote on it.

This is not the mission of the Church. HH should stay far away from this dispute.

Does she really think that England cares about what the Pope thinks?  Did she ever hear of Henry VIII? Of the Church of England?

99% of the people in the Falklands voted to stay with the UK. I think that sums it up.

England is not going to change it's foreign policy based on what the pope says so she is wasting her time.

Can the world please agree on 1 thing, that people stop combining religion and government?  Neither the twain shall meet.

IMHO. Francis' first public mistake.

Nothing good ever comes from when religion is mixed with politics and/or government.The Argentineans invaded; the British kicked them out. There is no longer a dispute. Maybe Argentina can take over Chile and then make their move on the Galapagos Islands.

the brit's fought a war and lost a lot of lives defending the falklands. could anyone really believe they will give it up just because a pope asks them to?  not to mention the islands inhabitants overwhelmingly voted to remain under british rule, I think that'll trump whatever leverage the pope uses......

Argentina is just plain wrong, and even more WRONG trying to impose on the new pope in such a manner.

Sorry, Argentina. The inhabitants voted for Britain. They are a real community, and the only one, so an ancient-history usurpation does not matter. (Otherwise all Argentinians have to go back to Europe...)

This does not reguire the pope's intervention.the islanders want to remain british colony so what is the problem of the argentines

I wondered how long it was going to take for Argentina to get around to that #$%$. Wow...don't cry for me, Argentina, just #$%$.

next thing you know spain will want every thing back argentina chile mexico cuba

as I recall Britain b'slaped you out of there

Didn't think there was a disupte..that was settled a few years back when the British kicked Argentias rear ends out of there.... whats the whoop?.... This is none of the Popes business anyway....

Please don't try to get the pope involved in politics- that's not his job.Thats easy. Let them bocome their own country. Problem solved.

What will europe do when by 2050 white America will be a minority? A hispanic U.S. might order england out.

this is what happens when you run out of other peoples money

It is all about natural resources - nothing more - the Falkland Islands are a wind blown wastland. One can't even grow a cabbage there-

Do the Brits even have a working aircraft carrier?

The residents of the Falkland Islands voted overwhelmingly to remain a British Overseas Territory.  The people have spoken.  Get over it.

Attack! Send over the Swiss gaurds and kick the Brits out!

The Falklands were discovered uninhabited by the Dutch, first colinized by the French. Brition used it merely as a resuppy stop. France ceeded it to Spain, &amp; Spain lost it to Argentina in South American war of independence. Brition kicked Argentina out in Jan. 1833, 10 years after the Monroe Doctrine.

The Pope has no place in this! Get a clue Argentina!

Is the Pope checking-out her booty in that photo ?This might be tough for the Pope. After all, his parents come from Italy, he is Italian, he speaks Italian and is as white as most other Europeans. If he sides with Europe, Italy will get the oil benefits (from a stronger British economy). If he sides with Argentina, his country of birth gets the benefits. Perhaps he should just stay out of the business of controlling world affairs. We already had 2000 years of that mess.

Like what? Fly a jet over and drop some bombs?

The pope has no business getting involved in the affairs of nations, just as nations have no business getting involved with religion.

Or in other words, Great Britain givem back their Faulkland Islands.

I don't believe it is any busines of the popes...I don't give 2 s[hits] for catholic or protestants either...all a bunch of hogwash mmble jumble to steal people's money. I am saying, Argentina has full rights to the islands....from their 1816-1833 claim....before england stole them.

The fact that the Falkland Islanders voted to stay British doesn't matter.

As an ex-Catholic not until they clean their side of the street of pedophile priests should they have any say on political or moral issues, end of story.

The Falklands never belonged to Argentina &amp; the islanders believe themselves to be British. Yet, sooner or later, Britain will lose this trade route too.

The pope will hire sean penn &amp; dennis rodman to broker a deal.

What would England do or the U.S., if South America backed Argentina? Without U.S. help, england would not stand a chance against Argentina, Brazil,  &amp; Venezuela.If Argentina is going to do something, they need to act fast...I see England is building 2 carriers...slated for service in 2016 &amp; 2018.

and what business does the powerless Pope have to do with this? he should keep his nose in the business of filtering out all of the perverts he has that have ruined so many people's lives.

Once he became pope he ceased being Argentinian. Old Fish Face better get her priorities straight.

So this beotch wants the pope to change the will of the people living there??

She's ugly enough to be US Secretary of State.

There is no "Faulklands Controversy". It was merely the Junta that the current government supplanted that mistakenly picked on someone they thought that they could beat. They  thought that it would unify their nation or at least would take the average Argentinian's mind off of their deplorable conditions.

Yes I see and No stems no seeds that you don't need, Acapulco Gold is a bad@ss weed!

keep dreamin' tammy faye. you'll never wrestle the fishing rights away from the brits not to mention the speculation of oil. and the people have spoken on the islands. end of story. you think the pope doesn't have more important tasks at hand?

And the Pope has answered: "The Vatican has no role to play". I like this Pope. Like a breath of fresh air !

Whatever...the only way that would matter is if England were a Catholic country. Otherwise, who cares what the Pope thinks?just as soon as he gets the USA to give back Texas to the Mexicans in other words never.

Philippines and Argentina have  2 things in common being catholic and mothered by Spain.

While he is at it - why not return Guam and Saipan to the Philipinnes and St. Pierre and Micquan [sp] to Canada?

Good, let's set about proving the pope's irrelevancy immediately.

Why rely on "Democracy" and a "vote", when we have this "Relic of the Dark Ages" ?

The Pope needs to stay out of this. He needs to worry about the church and it's mission and issues. The Falklands issue was and is settled. The residents choose to remain a bristh overseas terroritory. All argebtina wants is access to the oil reserves, not what is in the best interest of the residents. If Argentina fells froggy again I suggest they think back to 1982 and the whipping they took then.

Ms Fernandez has the power to defuse the dispute herself.  Simply admit Argentina's claim is about proximity and not possession. Then just walk away.

The pope is not a political leader he can't intervene in issues like this, and shouldn't. Besides, the pope has got a heck of a lot of work to do in fixing the mess left by John Paul II!

South america already owns north america, and we voted aginst it but our vote was over ruled by the supreme court (prop 187).

Fukus Offus, as we say in Latin. It's going to stay British.Fukus Offus, as we say in Latin. It's going to stay British.

And here we go again with politics and nation states trying to manipulate this.  Argentina:  you should no better than to try to manipulate the catholic church is supporting you on the falklands issue.  You had your chance in 1982 and LOST.  Now leave it alone and move on

I would love to have relations with her! Hubba Hubba!

The Fallkland Islands have been British longer than Argentina has been a country. They were never part of Argentina. If they think they should own them because of there location, why aren't they claiming Chile

Argentina's only claim is proximity.The people are british and they have defended there sovergn teritory. Don't go asking the church to exert power. Ask the church to pray for peace instead.

Jorge Bergoglio might have come down on the side of Queen Cristina in earlier days of this dispute.  However Francis the First has a very different set of priorities at this time.

100% cynical manipulation anyone(?).....

When stealing through brute force afforded no success, one must plot/manipulate via whatever nefarious,... and sleazy,... tactics one can contrive to employ(?).......

Argentina has been pushing this, trying to make a crisis out the Falklands.  Now the Argentine president wants to "defuse" the situation?  The people living there voted overwhelmingly that they want to stay British.  Argentina should just drop it.

Ms. Fernandez... this isn't the 1500's or Pope Leo X, and you're not a Medici relative.Yeah, the Argentine Pope will be really neutral in this dispute....

Nice try - maybe Ms. Fernandez has not heard of the Anglican Church?  Does the reformation ring a bell?  She may as well as the Supreme Ayatollah to intercede.

That photo makes me think of "lipstick on a pig"

Argentina promises all young boys in Falklands to Catholic church if Pope intervenes!

Just a little clue for the writer of this story and all those cheering at the prospect. The Pope is a leader of a non-government organization. He has no power to do anything. Also, England is by and far a protestant country. They would relish the idea of telling the Pope to take a hike.

And the English should care what the Argentinian Catholic pope has to say because............?

Oh, I think there's dialogue...she's just not hearing what she want to hear. ...and while you're at it Ms Fernandez, ask him how he feels about the Spanish giving Argentina back to it's native peoples!

I thought the Falkland debate was settled year ago by British sea and air power.

The freeking Pope?  You have to be kidding.  The elderly head of the biggest Ponzi scheme in the world.  Catholic church has been exploiting these SA people for hundreds of years.  The freeking Pope?  Mythical leader of a fairy tale cult.  Christians do not need a pompus pontif ponzi scheme.  They can simply pray to God on their own and donate money for local use, not buy gold for the Vatican Mafia.  The new Godfather of the Vatican Mafia.  The Catholic church has killed more people in the world than Stalin, Mao, and the Hitler combined.  Genocide on a large scale.  Catholic church forces children there to learn spanish to wipe out their native heritage.  Killers.

Don't Falk with me, ArgentinaRender unto Caesar that which is Caesars. Church should keep out of politics. They have their own problems.

Render unto Caesar what is Caesar's.

The U.S. could of, &amp; did start off with good relations with newly independent south &amp; central. The Monroe Doctrine of 1823 placed the U.S. as the lead Nation in the Americas, &amp; Central &amp; South America had respect &amp; fondness for the U.S. By allowing England in 1833 to peel off the Falklands, siding with white England instead of hispanic Argentina, who 10 years prior we promosed  soventry....then Texas succeeds, then we asorbed Texas, then fought the Mexican/American war (albeit Mexico declared war), peeling off 1/2 of Mexico for a pittence, the arm twist of the Gladsen purchase, to kicking Spain out of the carribean (while allowing england, france, dutch to stay), to the propped up revolution in Columbia peeling off Panama to build the canal....to other travesty like explotation of their mineral resouses to screwing up their enviroment.....Name me ona reason why Hispanic America should love America....other then to move here &amp; drain her resourses &amp; take her over internnally.

The Monroe Doctrine of 1823 was issued at a time when nearly all Latin American colonies of Spain and Portugal had achieved independence from the Spanish Empire (except Cuba and Puerto Rico) and the Portuguese Empire. The United States, working in agreement with Britain, wanted to guarantee no European power would move in.SO Britain agreed...then moved in &amp; kicked Argentina out in 1833...&amp; established a colony in 1840...breaking their own agreement!

"A message from the Queen and Prime Minister Your, Holiness.  'Nuts!'"

Oh gtfo of here. And the pope has no authority over the Falklands anyway, so don't waste your time. Also give it up, you'll won't get those islands no matter what you people do. So get over it.

Bring back The Iron Lady!

If Pope Francis has any Godly, or even political power in Argentina, he should investigate and reveal what happened to Los Desaparecidos.

The law of land disputes decisions are to go in front of an international body. The Nation that can prove 1st ownership &amp; colinization usually wins. Argentina can prove it. The French put the 1st colony there, secceded it to spain, who lost it in Argentina's war for independence. England took it illegally, without act of war, in 1833.

Argentina thinks its military forces are overwhealmingly by those of the British so the Argentine use diplomat effords to get foreign supports for the Argentine clamis. Get a force, Argentina.When dialogues and peace don't work, war and destruction will do.Not that he will but I hope the Pope tells them it isnt yours, you got your butts kicked trying to take it, now get over it.t

Argentina just wants it back because oil was discovered there.

As soon as you ask the Pope to start exercising temporal power, he becomes a political figure instead of a spiritual one.  Keep the church out of politics.  That isn't where it belongs.

let us not disturb the Pope with politics , anyway he can only offer u one thing(prayers)

Hope the pope decides to run away from this one.  Religion and politics definitely don't mix.

Didn't they do a vote and like 99% wanted to stay part of the Colony?

If the Pope wants to rebuild the Catholic Church, he should stay out of taking sides with Politicians.

this seems a bit gross on the part of Argentine President Cristina Fernandez!   !@#$%, give it  month, at least!

the new pope hasn't even had his new robes fitted yet, and the Argentine gov. wants a favor right off, never mind they got their butt handed to them in the war for the islands, and the ones who live there voted to stay with the Brits. They seem to think that what goes in Argentina goes in Rome, ha, maybe?

Falkland Islands are British.  There is nothing to mediate or negotiate..Cristina Fernandez and Michele Bachmann must be related, there both clueless of what is going on in the real world.

But Argentina wants the oil money.  Otherwise, it would be no problem to leave it in Brit hands.

The status of this land is going back 200 years.  If every country is going to try to make case for what should be theirs so far back (I would equate modern times as being 20th century and forward), half of this world might be switching hands...

Why the debate? The Islander's voted and that's that.

Vatican steals islands problem solved;)

Keep the Pope out of your country, he will rape your sons.

The pope has no business in politics.  Nor does any other superstitious leader.

The three-thousand Islanders voted vs. millions upon millions of Catholics who will now out-vote the islanders.  Cameron, you've lost the Maldivians.

If the Falklands belong to Argentina, then Texas belongs to Mexico.  The Falklands have been British since before the USA acquired Texas.

Las Islas Malvinas son Argentinas.how many people have to tell argentina?... "it doesn't belong to you, it never has belonged to you, there is no such place as the malvinas...remember when you got your #$%$ kicked the last time you tried to occupy it?".... everyone should just call them or send a email or letter and tell them that..

Since Easter is about to be thrust upon us by the papacy I thought I would get a head start. How come catholics don't ever mention the miracles of both Peter and Paul in raising the dead? Are they concerned it might just diminish the importance of their Easter fantasy?

Well he's shown he won't stand up to Argentinian atrocities in the past, so there's no reason he won't support them now.

This liberal idiot will do anything to get the islands back and it's not gona happen.  They can't even run Argentina must less the islands.

Argentina's President and the Pope need to find something better to do with their time.  The Islands belong to GB because the people on the Island belong to GB!!

I support Argentina's position. Iraq and Afghanistan didn't want to be part of the US either

I guess Argentina wants another, "horse woopin" from the brits

Cristina Fernandez: Mr. Pope can you help defuse the long-running dispute between Argentina and Britain over the Falkland Islands please?Pope: Dear Christina, the Brits have long done away with any respect for my office.However I will speak with David Bowie and see if I can get him to influence the queen.Say ten hail Mary's and put a million pounds in the collection on your way out.God bless you my child.

Why don't those low-class mexicans stop claiming territory that has never belonged to them? They are simply trying to divert attention away from the failed agenda of their fetid culture and lifestyle. They have never contributed anything worthwhile to humanity, they're incapable of establishing a successful and workable political system and government, and they are only good at stirring up trouble and unrest. They can think only as far out as their noses, and that's it. They're silly and ignorant, and they like being like that.

so the pope is appointed to solve political problemslet britain take the falklands in return let argentina take ireland or scotland. doesn't sound right? well the falklands are aprt of the americas, not europe, wake up, cristina needs to buy more french exocets missiles, to sink the rest of the british wimpy navy, problem solved malvinas are yours again.

the vatican ought to send in a crack team of hardened priests to touch the peckers of british troops over and over again until they go home ...of course they can deny it happened too.

Maybe the pope should also tell Canada to give Quebec back to France and tell the US to give California, Arizona, and New Mexico back to Mexico?  How about giving the holy land back to the Jews or the Palestinians?  Maybe Spain should go back to the Arabs?  How about the Armenians too?

The islands were uninhabited until the brits settled people there. Argentines have an imperial complex. They've had territorial disputes with all their neighbours, they are arrogant and think everything belongs to them. They've had territorial disputes with Chile over some islands in Tierra del Fuego. They annexed parts of Bolivia, Paraguay and Uruguay in expasionist wars. For chrisakes they even claim parts of Antartica as Argentine territory, of course by international convention no country recognizes such ridiculous claims. Among latinos they are the most reviled and ridiculed national group and the butt of more jokes than any other latino group. They think of themselves as a European country that was put on the wrong continent while denying their indigenous geneology. Even the most Indian looking Argentine will tell you he is of Italian or Spanish descent

So Lets see...First you send in your useless troops to try taking by force. Your troops were totally destroyed...Now you go crying to the pope to help you??? Have you no shame, Argentina??? Give it up! This one is over! You're not getting the Falklands!

Gee, you think the Argentinian Pope is going to be neutral over this matter?

How about this simple idea,the islands known as the Falklands/Malvinas are henceforth a free an independent nation.Will be know as the Falkmalvinalands.Controlled by neither Argentina or Great Britain.And all that oil of their coast belongs to the Falkmalvinalands.

Never trust a "president" who wears thick black eyeliner.

It is interesting how a few years back Jorge Mario Bergoglio's thinking was medieval, according to Cristina, but now she is running to him for help. Let it be clear to everyone, do not bombard your bridges after you cross them, for you may need them in the future. Nonetheless, Pope Francis has a more dignifying spiritual agenda, which does not include siding with Cristina's territorial conflict. God Bless.

Does the Argentinian President know that England is a Protestant nation?  How is the Pope going to help?Ha!  Argentinians can "defuse" the situation themselves if they stop claiming the Falklands as theirs.

You had to know this was coming.

This woman is stone cold nuts. Give it up argentina, it's over.

I am sick of hearing about this pope, he just another man and was put in charge of a business for that all a church is.  Yet people believe he is perfect and still know what this church has did to children and all of the lies that came from them, what a sick world we live in.

The Brits stole the Crown jewels from India and refuses India’s request for their return.  What makes Argentina think the Brits will give back the Falkland Islands?

Your holiness stay out of this political problem. The islanders voted to remain a colony of Great Britian and Argentina should respect their vote and leave them alone

Obviously the heading is not truthful. Argentine asks pope for help on Malvinas dispute. :)

Didn't wait long for that did they ?

This is not a church problem.  Just two countries who refuse to grow up and settle the matter diplomatically.  Keep the Pope out of this kind of foolish politics.

I don't Francis will event debate on that since the islanders have made their choice earlier last month.it will be a suicidal for him to mention it in his sermons...He is a man of God as long as the islanders are ok with he therefore should support their choice.How big is the Vatican's navy?

Clean up your own mess pope,stay out of British owned islands business.

Falklands War. The British won.  Argentina lost.  The citizens want to remain British.  You lost Argentina end of story.Pope Dope can't help.  Remember he was one of the priests, who hid in the shadows during the Dirty War.  If he didn't have the guts to take a stand then; what is he going to do now.  Bless tanks or try his "Mercy" line on the British.  You lost Argentina.On the bright side you dumped an old priest on Rome.

This evil Roman  power should keep out of politics. It will only end worse,

They people of the isles voted 98% voted to stay British

So leftist argentinians wear hats indoors in presence of the Pope? How bold they are!! :)

Where's Eva Peron?

The Pope cannot take sides.

The Pope cannot take sides.

Hey Argemtina.... did you not get beat fair and square by Britian because you were stupid? You want to do it again? Cuase the Pope ain't nobody to Britian!There is nothing the pope can do about this matter!!!

Pray for a more competent Navy.

Leftists just keep trying to get their way. Another good example.

Holy mascara Batman !

Where do they keep the property records for all the islands around the world?

"Earlier this month, the islanders voted overwhelmingly to remain a British Overseas Territory."'Nuff said.And after all, that's Caesar's domain, not God's, your Holiness.Might be best to leave it alone.

I hope the Pope is in the first wave to hit the beach.....    in his whites.

To the whole world, the Planet Earth: Las Islas Malvinas ( Faulkland, for the british, who stole them by force in 1833, by armed robbery), I want to tell you that: Las Islas Malvinas son ARGENTINAS, ARGENTINIAN!!!!! by HISTORICAL, GEOGRAPHIC, JUDICIAL, ETHICAL and MORAL RIGHTS!!!!!!! And the Islands Malvinas, NOT faulklands, will remain ARGENTINIAN by these reasons FOREVER and EVER. Amen.Gladis Clavel Jameson MorenoArgentinian Scottish American

Argentina is a Christian nation, is it wrong for them to pray for what they want?  Do YOU pray for your children's safety at school?  Is that wrong?  Or would you prefer for nations to be Godless where noone prays for what they want, they just take what they have the strength to take ala Germany in the 1930s?  If Palestine and Israel would resort to prayer rather than terrorism the Middle East would become a place where God's commandment "Thou Shalt Not Kill" did not fall upon deaf ears.

Fernadez is an idiot.  Who cares what the pope thinks?  He's a cult leader, and nothing more.  I thought scamming by selling them salvation while raping their sons was what the church was all about.  I didnt know they dictated world policy...Actually, Mexico has a much more legitimate Claim to the lost territories of  "Texas", "Arizona", and "New Mexico". I wonder where his "Infallibleness" stands on that?

The rights of the Islands belong with Argentina. They held the islands from declaring independence 1816...&amp; won full rights upon winning the war in 1818. Britian came along in 1833  &amp; by force took it from them.

Well, that didn't take long at all.  Pope Francis would do well to declare complete neutrality on this issue.  Its not like the population of the island is being forced into British control, the vote showed that.  Besides, the last time Argentina tried this, they led a bloody occupation of the islands, and were badly mauled militarily.

The Pope should tell Christina just where to go. She is just following in Chavev's footsteps, a Socialistic dictator!

Tell the Pope to keep his Catholic nose out of international relations. When's the last time a Pope stopped a war?

pay your debts first you pathetic argentine dogs

Cristina hasn´t asked the Pope to settle disputes between Argentina and the bond holders who it could repay if it wanted.  Or between wealthy Argentinians and the people who´ve been awarded judgements against them by Argentinian courts.  Those people might never be repaid.  Maybe Cristina thinks theft is part of the Catholic religion ?

LOL, Britian is mainly Protestant, not Catholic. Do you expect him to pray the Falklands to you?

puck the fope.

There's nothing like a good old-fashioned war over centuries old claims.  Could have been U.S., Spanish, French, Dutch, Portuguese, or 'private' pirate islands...arggh.  No point in arguing with the will of the islands' inhabitants now.Funny people. They must not teach the history of Western Civilization in Argentina. England split from the Holy Roman Church when the Pope refused to grant Henry VIII a  divorce from his first wife. I am pretty sure Parliament will react to such a request with typical polite British stoicism. "Eh, what? Falkland Islands? So sorry. Have a nice day. Good bye"

I thought Argentinians are smarter than that. I guess I'm wrong.

Like the Brits (Church of England and all that) are going to listen to what the Catholic Pope has to say....

How dare Cristina Fernandez have the gall to ask this of the Pope?  I'm sure the Pope won't get involved, but that Cristina...she's really trying to reach for allies, and she thinks some influence of the Divine will facilitate talks on a dead issue.  If the islanders voted their desire to remain a British territory, the matter is settled.

The last armed dispute ended badly for Argentina. They were routed, when even the American military thought Britain had no chance. And Argentina's people took revenge for the defeat out on their own government, ousting them at the next election.

Dream on !

The Arentinians want to seize the Falkland Islands from the British because they are 600 miles off their shores. This war has been going on for over 150 years, most recently in1982. We could seize Bermuda which is 300 miles off North Carolina by using the same reasoning. We do not need to remind them of the American Revolution 1776 - 1783, nor of the War of 1812 - 1814. We need their help. Iraq is not over with and Iran threatens us. Afghanistan will not be over with with our pull - out at the end of 2014. King Karzai is our puppet whom we put there out of his safe haven in Rome. The civil war in Syria is spilling over into its borders with NATO possible military involvement. North Korea, which was never really over with, is ready to send missiles to our West coast. I live someplace just as bad where somebody gets murdered every day. I live in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Pope Francis has enough to worry about with the costly sex scandals driving that church into bankrupcy. If he wants to get into politics, why doesn't he smooth over the relationship between the Vatican City and Italy? Just because he is Argentinian and not Italian does not make him a better Pope. Is our Preident Obama a better President because he is not Caucasian? Forgive me for not saying white. Mrs. Surface was my second grade teacher. Whenever I said that 1956 -  1957, she would correct me: Don't call us white! We're Caucasian!

There were two boys in Ohio that were sentenced to prison for sexual assault.Too bad they weren't Catholic priests, that would have never gone to jail, and wouldn't have gone to court.

The Brits were there before there even WAS an Argentina.

In no circumstances must the Pope support the undemocratic Argentinian claims. To do so wold merely alienate most of the worldwide members of the Catholic community who believe in democracy!This is politics!  What does it have to do with the leader of the Catholic church?

The Falkland Is 'dispute' is a political issue - not a religious issue! And didn't the people of the Falklands vote last week by an absolute landslide to remain British?!

That didn't take long!

Maybe dear Cristina should be focusing the energy behind her rabid anti-British diatribes on revitalising her train wreck of a nation.A bankrupt tyranny with an impoverished populace and no light at the end of the darkest of tunnels.No US corporation should even think of investing there; she has a penchant for nationalising foreign undertakings, as well as her own people's assets.You think the Cypriot bank larceny is draconian; it is a children's tea party compared with Argentina's dictatorial machinations.

If you cant get what you want with diplomacy, make it a holy war.

This is yet another example of stupid posturing by Cristina Fernandez.  The Pope and Fernandez can do whatever they like, but Britain is officially Anglican, not Roman Catholic.  The British sovereign, Queen Elizabeth II, is the official head of the Church of England, and the question of the Pope's authority in Britain was dealt with in the sixteenth century.  Argentina started the Falklands War with Britain over this issue, and they lost ignominiously.  The inhabitants of the Falklands voted to remain British, and British they will remain.  Filthy little tinpot countries in the United Nations can scream all they want on Argentina's behalf, but they are corrupt and utterly impotent to change the situation.  Its just too bad that Margaret Thatcher is too old and sick now to put Fernandez in her place.

Without U.S. aid, England could not win a war with Argentina. They would of lost in 1982, but the U.S. illegally aided England. The 1823 Monroe Doctrine, the U.S. could of went to war with England in 1833 when they illegally siezed them...&amp; should have to defend the Americas from Europeons.

The British and Americons are professional INVADERS AND OCCUPIERS of territory belonging to others...

If the pope won't stop individual molestation why do you think he cares about it at the international level?

SORRY...but I side with Argentina on the Falklands. Britain is breaking their own agreement with the United States, &amp; the U.S. its own policy laid out in 1823 under the Monroe Doctrine. Britian returned in 1833, &amp; established a colony in 1840...well after the Monroe Doctrine.Fight for your islands, South Americaners!! Do not let these corrupt people take what is yours away!

To those of you who think that Argentina should back down because the residents of the Islands voted to remain British--If the vote had gone the other way, and the residents had voted to join Argentina--would you honestly think that Great Britain should simply give them up?  Do you honestly think that Great Britain woudl do so?If your answer to my first question is "yes", great--you're being consistent in your argument.  But if your honest answer to that is "no", you're a hypocrit.

Don't involve the Pope in your politics!

The Brits should give it up, they don't need it and prior to the 80's war, essentially abandoned the Islands.

Asking for Pope's help! Long live indigenous native people of continent of America shall reclaim this land back.., rightful owners Native American people; Holy bible clearly states that'Thou shall not Steal'. In N. America where USA &amp; Canada alone is plundering more oil than Saudi-Arabia &amp; Kuwait output, over﻿ $3 BILLION﻿ daily, as native people remain poorest citizens on their own land.Before Europeans came,Native population in North&amp;South America Continent was 15 millions; European population in Europe was 30 millions.Today, native population at 30 million and Europeans at 1 BILLION! (Google 'sicko uncle Sam' for more at forum)

I don't understand the intentions of this broad. The Pope has no place in the issue. He has no relevance or power when it comes to the Falkland Islands. The issue is political, not religious.  Religion has no place in politics. Also, Argentina needs to get over the islands. They might have belonged to them in the past, but they haven't for many years. What happened, happened. Giving the Falkland Islands back to Argentina makes as much sense as every country in the Americas giving it all back to Native Americans. Yeah, it was wrong in the past to take it, but you have to move on. We can't take back history. The people on the Islands today weren't alive when the British took it - it's not their fault - nor is anyone who lives in America's fault that we took from the natives. What matters is that they wish to remain under British rule... Don't cry for me, Argentina.

Argentina stop whining

No offense to Sra. Kirchner but that is some serious Cleopatra-lookin' eye makeup she's rockin'.  God bless her and convert her soul so when she goes back to Argentina she will defend marriage, family, and protect the unborn.

The Pope...really?  Has no one in the Argentine government read any English history?

I would give her a pearl necklace.There is no dispute. Britain whipped up on those Argentine heads, and whipped up them good.

Is that the wicked witch of the west beside him there?

Time for somebody to finally get over these rocks in the ocean.

Is this another example of female logic? I know, oxymoron!

God!  Christina is UGLY!!

wow! The pope is not Santa Claus! look at how many people are lining up to ask what they want?! no shame!

Dejate de Joder.  No podes governar el pais y quieres mas?  O para poner mas dinero en tu bolsillo?Leave it alone.  You cannot govern the country and you want more?  Or is it to add to your own pocket?

Why don't they just invade the falklands like they did in 1982?    We all know how well that turned out.

Remember the Monroe Doctrine.  All foreign powers should be out of the Americas, then maybe democracy would become popular.  Why not ask the Pope.  Pope John Paul II helped bring down the Iron Curtain by escalating the departure of the Russians from Poland by supporting the strikes.  Why does the UK insist on maintaining an Imperialistic stance on such trivial matters such as the "Malvinas" Falklands.  It is off the coast of Argentina.  We tolerate them because they are white, but they should really stay in their own back yard.  Fix the Middle East fist, Prince Harry supporters.

Argentina should do what Mexico does to us....send over Millions of Illegals, and in a few years Spanish will be the "Nuevo" language. (just like Tx, Nm, Az, etc.!)How much do Catholic Priests get paid in the US?

This has absolutely nothing to do with the Catholic church.

Just build a rig extract the oil the Argentines want and charge them double the rate per barrel :)

Argentina should seek another help from the pontiff rather than on issues of this kind

Christina must be some mutant form of Kim Kardashian.  She will do anything to get her name in the press.

Of course the two Britons who lives in that island, with 8000 soldiers (good for the economy of the sheep growers, and find a husband for there ugly daughters and sisters)  and when all the Argentinians where expel, Just in Case.

Can the Pope get ME one of the Hawaiian Islands? (Even one of the smaller ones would do!)

This is like Galtieri, the dictator that originally went to war with Britain over the Falklands, saying to Pope John Paul II, "Holy Father, Bless our just war."  On that occasion, the pope said nothing.  Let's hope Pope Francis gave the same response.

What kind of moron is this Christina?  The poop is not a politician or a UN delegate.

Let's see:In the red corner, the Anglican (religion) British represented by the Queen Elizabeth, sort of a descendant of Henry Vlll (1491-1548), and the supreme religious and political leader of the English (in this world and in the OTHER world).The year after Henry was born, 1492 ACE,  the Catholic Spaniards under Queen Isabella (defenders of the Christian Faith) , financed an Italian (Christopher Columbus) with three ships so as to spread the faith to the NEW WORLD, and at the same time, spread the Spanish Empire and thus enrich the Spanish aristocrats.  Religion and MONEY!!Henry Vlll eventually broke away from the control of the Italian Pope (the infamous Medici, Pope, Leo X, who was not even a priest, simply a member of an elite "Medici" Italian Family), and became the leader of his own religion, the Anglican (British) Protestants.And in the blue corner: Representing the Catholic Argentinians, the Argentinian Pope,  of  Italian descent, calling himself,  Francis ...  with his Swiss Guards (his army) supported by the back-up of the Argentinian military.Hmmm!!  Sounds like history is repeating itself over and over again!!  The Italians and the British could be at war again!! And Religion is at the center!!Does RELIGION ever stop wars??  Has it ever??What would Francis of Assizi do?? What are the Brits doing in the deep South?  Still entertaining an "EMPIRE"??Looks like a conflict of interest to me.   But, since he's the pope, he can refer to Pope Alexander VI who created the Treaty of Tordesillas (1494) which divided the Christian world between Portugal and Spain. So, the pope should say they're Spanish.  hmmmm does that mean the US is also Spanish now?   We're west of the Meridian drawn by Alexander VI.

Gee, the Argentine ultra-nationalists in government that are out to sully the Pope in their Fox-News style press machine and drag him into scandal now want his help with respect to the Falklands?   Yeahh, like he's going to go for that.

Honestly, Falkland  Islands  has  been a British territory  since  before  US  existed,  that would be  like  England  wanting  "New England"  back.

I warned folks the day he became pope the Argentine government would do this.

The catholic inquisiton was about getting the protestants out , and the holy bible , even benedict had jehovas name removed from the bible and all prayers and songs !

Why don't they ask Lionel Messi, or corned beef?

what is he going to do- split the islands in half, much like when Pope Alexander VI(Spanish born)  issued a decree in 1493 giving Portugal all territory East of the Cape Verde Islands, and Spain all territory west.  It was formalized by the signing of the Treaty of Tordesillas in 1494.. keep that wacko Pope out of temporal affairs.. those idiot Argentines are desperate .. since their economy is in the tank

Argentina should stop asking so much of this man.

What is wrong with Argentina, the islands are not theirs so how is asking the Pope going to help? Unless god thinks the islands are in the wrong hands! Isn't the pope for spiritual needs?

Shame on you Cristina!!#$%$!!!!All argentinians are child molesters, have a party with your pope and christina!!!No such thing as malvinas!!!  FALKERS VOTED 99.8% FOR UNION JACK UNDER GB!!!

Those who live in the Falklands do not want to be flooded with Spanish speakers like the USA has been invaded.

you know, i'll bet that is high on the pope's "to do list".  right after excommunicating pedophile priests and cashing in some of the priceless vatican art to feed the poor.  yeah, don't worry Cristina, he will get right on it baby !

The islands were on Portugese charts a hundred years or more before Captain Davis claimed to have discovered them. That's why they are called the Maldives. The English claimed it was theirs, because it was a stategic stop on the Cape Horne route to the East Indies.

I figure that leftist president lady would cry wolf to the pope to get her way.

Way too much eye makeup Madame President!!,makes you look like ELVIRA

Interesting would be to see, to hear what's pope reasoning is in regard of Malvinas. As to voters voting to be a British colony? It is easy to plant and support several hundred of people and please them in order to vote one way and not the other. Geographically speaking - Malvinas sounds more proper in that part of the world. British hegemony is the time of the past.

there is no dispute.  and the pope has no say in this at all.  my dry cleaner's opinion holds as much weight as the pope's.

COMUNISTS ARE CINIC

Geeez will she let it go already?  I think she needs to stop discussing the falklands and start discussing the 10's of 1000s of acres she and her late husband where basically gifted from the Argentine governmentWhy? Are there little boys for priests to rape on the Falklands?

Let the people on the Island vote for which country they would rather represent them.

what a #$%$, asking the pope to get involved there. as if england really gives a rat's #$%$ what the pope says. maybe he should ask Israel to give the west bank back to Palestine too !?

What dispute? The Brits have already kicked the Argentine's butts in 1982. They're not going to listen to the Pope.

can't wait for an American pope.........So he can decide on this budget #$%$ the next time. Papa

Isn't Adolfo Nicolás Pachón the real ruler of the catholic church?

Maybe he will be of great guidance since he is now the centre of peace.

Our relationship between Latin America and United Kingdom have strengthen us before independence and now a corrupted woman has forced a corrupted pope who I see as the unfaithful would take a small island in destroying the relationship that has been strengthened for more than a 100 years and would disintegrate the whole union of Latin America into fractions as a civil war.

Some questions.  What nationality are the "islanders"?  Where did their ancestors hail from?  Were the Falklands/Malvinas taken away from someone?

#$%$ does the Pope have to do this?  Is Christina gonna use her Jesus stick on them to make them obey??Nothing will change.  The residents of the island have already expressed their preference.

Is this women asking the Pope to help her take another wooping.

I guessed it  - another Religious War, all them thar  2,400 sheep farmers in the Falkland;s are Protestants, and the pretty young Communista-Socialista Presidentina of Argentina is probably related to the nuevo Pope - anything is possible in this crazy day and age of nothing but trouble and strife.  If you are screwing up your own country, go an attack someone else, on second thoughts she might be Generale Gallitano's Niece ! But it's all the same old story - a fight for love of possible oil and glory. The U.S.A. will be asked to pay for it and Obama willside with her of course.  His Father when 3 years old,  fought against the British in WW-2,  or some such #$%$ no doubt.

Show sorry

I never realised that she was so ugly, I,m thinking the doctor smacked her face instead of her bottom when she was born

What would be truly hilarious is if he sided with Britain.  That might teach the scheming whiner from the third world a lesson.

Clever girl.  Reminds me of the trap duplicitous men tried to set for Jesus with the question "is it lawful to pay taxes to Caesar?"  Jesus was so clever and so artful in dodging those traps. E.G. the woman caught in adultery.  Bless you Pope Francis, and may the Holy Spirit give you wisdom in all things.

Just ask Obama's big fat wife...

She reminds me a little of Sarah Palin - can't resist an opportunity and too thick to see she's making a fool of herself.

Well i'm sure this Pope is going to be fair and impartial in this matter, oh wait he's an Argentinian and it seems as though he has already made up his mind on this issue who exactly is he going to be helping certainly not the people of the Falklands.The council of the supreme inquisition was created by the catholic church romans, so stop the people from protestant ideas, and the reading of the bible, can some one tell francis it failed !

wait, the pope is the head double crosser sooooooo this one is hard to tell?

THats right those double crossers think they can own land halfway across the world ha! This is not the middle ages no more, people can c the evil in the double cross now!!!

God Bless Pope Francis!

The Vatican will annex the Falklands, case closed, onto other things now....

Just have oboy bring a case of beer! I am sure it can all be settled with a big drunken party!

@Runnergirl and Dude: Actually, the Pope is a political figure. He is head of a city state within the boundaries of the city of Rome. The head of state of this, the smallest internationally recognized independent state in the world, is the Pope.Look it up. Do your due diligence before display your ignorance to the world.

I want the new Pope to get the US and it's allies out of the Middle East.  And I want the new Pope to do my dishes.   And make the coffee.  It's his turn, after all!

If I am not mistaken, last week someone mentioned that Falkland Islands sit on huge deposits of crude oil that have been discovered just recently. That changes everything. English may have another war on their hands. Pope, as a peace maker, is abligated to intervene to prevent a blood shed. This is his sacred duty. The best solution would be to  hire BP to develop it and to share the profits. More can be accomplished with cooperation than war.

Well, if he  wants to  help  he  could pull out  the  pimpimg hand  with  Kirchner, and  give her  a loose tooth and a black  eye.  That  might  calm her down a bit.argentinians are a bunch of whinny poozies, losers and idiots!  Also, they don't know their history.  The Pope hasn't had any influence on Britain and Brits don't kowtow to him since Henry the VII - it's called the Church of England for a reason, and the head of the Church is the Queen or King of England!  The current gash of a president in argentina is a thief and a prostitute!  She just want to steal the Falklands for the oil off its shores.  Negotiate?!  There's nothing to negotiate.  The Falklands belong to the people inhabiting the islands and they are British, or of British ancestry.  So bug off, argentina!

What do u mean argentina still whinning, if it belongs to them time don't matter, i f I go inside your house or take over ur patio, and time goes by still it is ur property. If the islanders are british or want I gland then go to ingland to live with those bloody colonist. Well, if it takes the pope to  help great, sometimes spiritual leaders need to get involve in secular abuse issues, it is sas that thousand of miles away ingland still want to control lands that never belong to them in america

has her dog license run out ?

Anglos are a band of robbers and  thieves from the dawn of time. They will hold on to their loot for as long as no one challenges them militarily. Just like the Indian diamond on the Queens Crown. That was also stolen. They loot and pillage everywhere they go like beasts.

The british stole the islands by force, by armed robbery, in 1833. After that they never allowed Argentine immigration, they only allowed british immigration and now they vote to see if they want to remain british on stolen territory. Stolen property must be returned to its proper owner, to Argentina.

England needs to get out of the Falkland Islands as well as the six counties of Northern Ireland, and the royal family needs to give back to the former colonies the billions of pounds in weath plundered from its former colonies.

Let me explain to you people how it is:Just because Britain colonized the Falklands that does not mean they are the rightfull owners of it.If that is the case give me your house adress and I will come to your property and build a house or a bussines and than claim it is mine and you will not do anything about it right.WRONG.Now I'll go to another story,do you remember Hong Kong the piece of realestate owned by superpower China colonized by the British until recently, well if China was not a superpower the british would have never given it up.Going back to Falklands they have been stolen by the British because the British are the bigest thieves on the planet and all the gold and the wealth they have today they did not dig it out of their swampy land they stold it from other colonized countries,and they call it exploration WRONG again it is called exploitation of other peoples wealth and peoples lives.

I agree the islands should stay U.K territory but they were originally an Argentinian territory until the Brits took it over 200 years ago.

Surely,you'd have shared with your colleages coz u r the ones who know the origin of ur dispute.A world temptation-SALY

what if he wasnt elected werent they sor dat issue anymay?The Brits must leave the Islands to Argentina once and for all. They rigged the vote just to get hold of something which doesnt belong to them.

Give room for truth so that peace will reign either of the countries...

pope must try his best to resolve it

How much does it cost to become a Catholic Priest?

A good start to understanding this evil man is the contribution by Videla in aseries of interviews conducted by the magazine El Sur in 2010 and Erbitsky’sbook, The Silence: From Paul VI to Bergoglio

If Argentines are haunted by the horrors of the past, that may be because thedark forces responsible for the "disappearance" of thousands of people at thehands of their country's last military dictatorship appear to be very much alive— and as willing as ever to resort to violence against their foes. Two weeksago, a key witness whose testimony had recently helped put a major human-rightsoffender in prison for life disappeared in a manner reminiscent of the methodsemployed by Argentina's military 30 years ago. These horrors took place with thefull support of the Catholic Church who refused to condemn their actions in anyway.