Pedophilia is both a crime and an illness.

An apology?  That's all we need? Are we as sick as these guys are?

Uh oh, someone needs a PR refresher course.

Molesting children is a crime. Yahoo is a sickness.

I have a feeling that what this Cardinal said isn't just his point of view, it's the point of view of the entire Catholic Church.  The Church actions agaist the criminals within the organization proves this.

"I apologize sincerely and unreservedly to all who were offended by the botched interview, and especially to those who have been abused and need every help and support that the Church can give," Napier said in a statement.If those IN the church would STOP abusing people &amp; hiding the CRIMES, these people wouldn't need help! And how can the church, which is responsible for the abuse of the victims offer any help? That's like asking a bunch of muderers to give counseling to the familes of their crime victims! I don't see why anyone would continue to embrace a religion that is fraught with abuse &amp; hiding &amp; sheltering the perps!

At least this "Man of God" had the balls to actually say what many priests actually think. I'm sure many, not all, but many think that it is perfectly healthy to prey on these kids. The priests feel entitled. Too bad the Catholic church won't declare zero tolerance on pedophiles.

betcha dollars to donuts that this man has a little skeleton in his closet - maybe a relationship or two or three or ???

There sure seems to be a lot of "sickness" in the Catholic church!

Well technically, the Cardinal is right:  pedophilia, the sexual attraction to children, IS an illness.  It becomes a crime when someone ACTS on it!I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired of hearing losers say their sorry after they spit out there true feelings .

Franjkly, it's too damned late for an apology.  And that apology is given only because he's taking fire for having said it, NOT because his thinking has changed. What a piece of work!

Not the way this clown sees the world, it is not.However Jesus had a different opinion of anyone who mistreates children.

Pedophilia is a crime against children, a crime against humanity, and a sin against God; why won't Cardinal Wilfrid Fox Napier acknowledge this?

Do priests have to pass a psych-test or a background check?

he needs to be let go....Thats what is wrong with the catholic church....in the midst of all these scandals of child rape and molestation....This catholic cardinal genious comes out and declares that paedophilia isnt a crime???He should reread his bible and stop giving the unbiblical hail mary's too....

Note to the Pope....Next investigation of child abuse needs to be South Africa!!!

Guess his actual comment, (not his apology), shows how he really feels.

I understand the Cardinal's reference to pedophilia being a mental aberration.  It is!  But the crime of pedophilia occurs when that aberration is put into practice on children.  I do not think there is a case known of a cured pedophile.  The cases i am familiar with relapsed shortly after therapy.  I accept the cardinal's apology.

And this man had a vote for the new pope?  Incredible!The only "treatment" should be death .

It's a illness when someone starts to feel it's ok to be that way. It becomes a crime when someone acts on it.

If this guy is trying to say that he didn't mean what he said he's a liar.   How can anyone remain a Catholic.  It was, and probably still is, a hotbed of child molesters and their protectors.

...and these are the people, dressed like some kind of clown(or fairy), that you leave your children, and a tithe with?Are you people stupid? Or High?Garbage In? Garbage Out!

There seems to be a lot of ill clergy involved

He had it half right, It's a crime and an illness! These people are sickos who commit the crime!

I would say that pedophilia is both a crime and a disorder related to brain damage and loss of control.  I think it could probably be controlled with biofeedback and therapy, but there has been very little research done.  It's got too much of a disgust factor for it to receive grant money, so incarceration is about the only treatment available.

Illness how many times did you do it you ,you and they rest are trying to avoid being locked up by saying anything to protect yourselves Like Obama on the Libya murders.

There are pediphiles who are sick, and there are abusers who are just plain evil.

just read his comment and now a few minutes later the retraction - guess they call that a quickiewell the church is not poor - so I guess they will continue to get away with molesting kids

But wait! In another article he said it was an illness not a crime. Okay, its both and he should not have said it.

hahahaha....what a idiot!!!

First think - then talk.  He said what he felt - backtracking because public condamed his thinking.  Good for the public.

He can apologize all he wants but he said it and obviously believes what he said, so, sorry or not for exposing his true feelings, I wouldn't trust a priest with my child, ever !

So, in other words, the Catholic church is full of sicko's!!!

No EXCUSES cardinal bird brain, you said what you ment

kill a cop, rape a woman, molest a child, are all capital offenses in my book.

This cardinal should resign or be forced out by the Vatican.  It is attitudes like his that have made  the church a haven for perverts.  The Church needs to strengthened and a good beginning would be to get this man out immediately.  Send a message that tolerance of abuse will not be allowed.

I cannot believe the ignorance of this man! This is an interesting apology, offering that "the Church would give them support".  It hasn't, obviously in the past and the future doesn't look all that good either for "the church"!"I apologize sincerely and unreservedly to all who were offended by the botched interview, and especially to those who have been abused and need every help and support that the Church can give," Napier said in a statement.From a place where people are charged with raping goats the world needs better leaders !!

He almost forgot to cover up ! In another 200 years the priests may be able to tell the truth about loving to rape little boys.

Freudian slip - he said what he believes...he's just offering a politically correct apology.

Step up, pay your money, go into the magic box, and all your vile crimes and sins are forgiven and you get a paid pass to heaven. You are free to go out and sin anew.....Repeat daily as long as you don't run out of cash....

Don't put your mouth in gear before you start your motor.

Too little too late and to think he could have been the next Pope but then I doubt he is any different to all the rest of them, disgusting

The mission of the church, according to the New Testament and letters from Paul, is to spread the gospel and tell people about the love of Christ and the need to accept HIM. All the other stuff is just fluff. It is good, but not the true mission of the (any) church.

My dear friend catholics, this guy said that molesting your child is not a crime.  A Cardinal of yours!  OMG!

This attitude that illness excuses heinous crimes has got to stop.  One chooses if they act upon their thoughts.  It's that simple.  Thoughts are not crimes.  Acting on them is.  So, the priest was "technically" correct.  These people are sick, and I doubt anyone would disagree.  We should not punish the sickness; but we must punish the resulting crimes!

The state of mind that brings a man to want to abuse kids might be a disease, but that man letting go of his humanity and giving in to his wants is a crime.Pedophilia: a sin in Catholicism, condemned by its founder; a legalized procedure in Mohammedanism, practiced by its founder.

he must be an idiot - pedophilia is a terrible crime !!!!!!! children remain damaged all theire life.how such an idiot can be a cardinal.

its an illness,a crime and a sin.you will need a doctor,a lawyer and a priest to resolve this  issue

What are you expect to be the comments of a Indian cardinal? look back to his home land, he probably tried to absolve the sins of  some Indues

Pedophilia  ?? I thought he played for Green Bay.

His apology is way to late, and he simply said what he thinks.  Pope Francis needs to fire this SOB now.

More words of wisdom from the IPC.   International Pedophile Cult.

Too little and too late.

Kleptomania is also an illness.  But once you act on it, it becomes a crime (just like pedophilia).

it makes me ill how much of a crime this is....stupid nigerian........and therein lies the problem with the Catholic church .He is not the only one that feels this way, he can apologize everyday until he dies but the fact remains , he feels raping a child is not a crime.

If it's against the law its a crime.  If the church is active in breaking the law or complicit in breaking the law, including covering for those breaking the law, then they have broken the law.  Therefore the church is complict in crime.  Therefore church members are in fact criminals even in the upper hierarchy.  Worse it is is crime that is morally indefencable.  It does great harm for everyone and does good for no one.  Few things are more clearly immoral.  Nothing is going to change until the church recognizes that.These statements show that the highest levels of the church still don't get it.

He just spoke the truth of the church, no biggie.It's not like the catholic hierarchy is going out of their way to find the rapists and remove them fro the ranks.

I believe it is a crime and a sin, which I'm starting to believe the catholic church thinks it is alright!!!

"That's when the wheels came off. I now stand accused of saying that pedophilia is a mental condition or disorder and not a crime," Napier said in his statement.You don't stand accused, you did say just that:"Now don't tell me that those people are criminally responsible like somebody who chooses to do something like that. I don't think you can really take the position and say that person deserves to be punished. He was himself damaged."

He must have this "illness" himself!

So how many little boys has HE buggered? If he were not trying to excuse this horrible crime why make such a stupid statement?

If I had children the last church I would take them to is a catholic church this is bs.,this is an exuse to move their child molester's around the world.The new Pope want's the church to be a church for the poor yet he abandonded The poor to be slaughtered in Argentina,

OK Wifrid...That's it...No more kids for a month... you have to be more sensitive when it concerns kids....POPE Greg

Almost sounds like a back pedaling politician.This guy needs to go home.

Stealing a childs soul is a crime against humanity and spitting in the face of God.  All proabortionests under the gise of  "Its a womans' choice" make no mistake that men choose abortion too.

Too little, too late.  No walking back the original statement.  Quite frankly, I'm surprised god didn't give his guideance to the cardinals in making Napier the next pope.

I think he was telling that to the Altar and Choir Boys.

all priests are suspect now

He was partially right, it is a mental illness as well as a terrible crime.  An illness for which we have no cure.

The first rule of Pedophile Club is, "Never talk about Pedophile Club!"C-Pup

This guy should resign, or forced to resign.  A religious guy whose mentality is steeped in this garbage is better not to have one.  Wake up Catholic church!

Wilfrid  tends to spend his off hours parked near local playgrounds

THOU SHALT NOT LIE SIR !It may be an illness but the adult pedophilia knows what he is doing is a crime and will destory that child forever and that makes them evil.

There is a case to be made for his original comment - has prison ever 'reformed' the urges that drive these predators?

"South African cardinal apologizes for saying paedophilia not a crime"Too late. We already know how you really feel.

Now with that same mentality present over the thousands of years in business ( since roughly 325 C.E. ) one can see why the catholic church never prosecuted priests and nuns that sexually violated little boy's and girls. They just moved them around from rectum to rectum, I mean rectory to rectory. It's a disease not a crime. So sodomy in your bible means something completely different than sodomy in my bible? Is that like RAPE? Go figure?

Maybe if he had children of his own he would not think and say this abominable thing.

Being homosexual is a mental illess and it too should be a crime.  Typical Black priest

it is both a sickness and against the law.

They can get treatment for their disorder while they are serving their prison sentences. I don't see anything wrong with that.

I just wish leaders would think before they talk.

Backtracking sickos.  What he really meant to say is that he wishes pedophilia wasn't a crime.It's been my experience that people that hold leadership positions in church are some of the most donkey-backwards people you ever want to meet.  In-fact anything you find the world (so to speak) you'll find in the church. Only follow them as THEY follow Christ.

Napier is just a sick pedophile - the real douches are Killer Cops &amp; Blade Runners

Too late black man, now we know what the RCC actually believes about these criminals &amp; why they cover their 'sins' and move them around to protect them...

Get yourself a religious title and you can say almost anything.

That cardinal is from a third world nation and most third world nations if you compare have the same view on underage girls ...they are considered property still in some nations and not worthy of respect ...still in the 6th century or barbarians either way disgusting to women of all ages

He was only saying what he and the rest of the RCC truly believe. Their lawyers pointed out how much this was going to cost them, so he "apologized". The RCC leadership is an international pedophile ring, a bunch of gangsters in robes and pointy hats telling people they represent God. False religion. This is exactly the kind of thing that will get governments to move against them, read what Revelation says about "Babylon the Great".

In the other article he said he knew of "just two" priests that were pedophiles. Just two, my backside. There isn't a nice way to say this, but they ought to just go in hiding. Or completely separate. Oh and Yahoo!, get a journalist that can spell. Please.

It is a disease - that is also a crime.  If it is against the law to do something - it is a crime.  The question is - Should a pedo priest spend time in jail?  Yes - he will have very little access to young boys and girls in prison.  At least they will be safe from him.  It is unatural to be celibate, so when that is one of your job requirements, your applicant pool is going to have a high liklihood of wacko's to begin with.  Just because John The Baptist - who mind you was a bit on the wacko side himself - says marriage distracts from service to God, It doesn't meann that should be a requirement.

Serial Killers are insane also. Should they be treated for an illness and set free? Who knows, maybe they would make good preachers?

There is a level where paedophilia is an illness, but acting on it is a crime. And the Catholic 'treatment' was to move the molester to a new parish with new potential victims after he promised to never do it again - as he had the last seven times.If he thinks it's an illness, there are a lot of sick priests!

The church should serve everyone, not just the poor.  It's mission is to bring humanity closer to God, rich or poor.  They should be charitable to the poor.

Too late for apologies. This is typical of the Catholic Church to allow this kind of behavior along with cover-ups to prevent prosecution.

He said what most priests believe but are afraid to say.  Don't expect any changes anytime soon on the church's sexual abuse record....................

More connected to the priests than the children, that's the problem.

Pedophilia is not a crime, but it's criminal for a woman to make decisions about her own reproductive health.  Backwards morons.

Well at least he was being honest about how he felt.Now we know why child molesters seem to run rampant in the church.....its no big deal to them.

It is definitely an illness, but it is also a crime. It is not a victimless crime either. The victims are psychologically traumatized for life.

And that's the problem. The priests/cardinals don't see it as a problem. Only a 'situation' that they hope is ignored. Shame on them. Every one of them. i'm pretty sure it says in the Bible that you shouldn't rape little boys, and then cover it up, then lie about it.

They wish it wasn't a crimeIt's called a Catholic Freudian Slip.

He says, "pedophilia is a crime because of the damage it does to children". So if it didn't damage children it would be o.k.? He should've just stopped at it's a crime

To echo my previous post on this. Logic must not be taught in seminary school because it's clear to me that we can't let psychopaths walk for murders because they are "ill". Just because an illness creates conditions which encourage criminal behavior doesn't remove all intent or culpability from the criminal act. The church should ask this guy to step down.

You can see how he thinks very clearly - no wonder he believes that - if he didn't he would know what he was doing was a crime.

" I now stand accused of saying that paedophilia is a mental condition or disorder and not a crime," Napier said in his statement."He DID say that!!  I suppose he thinks he was taken out of context.::facepalm::

wow...guess does the " down low " thing too, just like oblamer

I wonder how many kids he's molested

God is gonna get you ALL !!!

The only part of the heiness rape of children &amp; others the RCC supports is THOSE WHO DO THE CRIME.  God has lead us to the information age that will bring these RCC criminals into the light. Granted not all priests are pedophiles but their condoning those that are rapist pedophiles makes them criminals also.  This is a sin against God's children, it is not an just an illness.  The Holy Spirit is cleaning house, his will be done...

HE'S REALLY NOT SORRY FOR HIS STATEMENT HE JUST HAS HAD SO MUCH FLIGHT FROM HIS STATEMENT THAT NOW NOW HE WANTS TO SAY "I APOLOGIZE".....RIGHT...OKAY...Religion or faith . . This church has lost its faith in Christ and has made its self a identity of its self. I keep my faith in Christ and not the church because it has gone down the wrong road for its movie theater dress up. I hope this new pope can shake some sense in to it. Is it too big to fail , I guess not. It sure needs a shaking up to remove the evil that has sneaked in.

Catholic Christian doctrine has long included the expression of 'preference for the poor' meaning the importance that Catholics should give to the plight of typical powerlessness and being significantly unconnected of the poor.I hope that Pope Francis ably gives a grand example of standing with the poor.

burn the catholic church its spreading evil

Now you know why you wern't elected Pope! You Idiot!!

"Do as I say, not as I do!" Everytime these clowns open that hole below their nose, it's a catastrophe. Then the spin doctors have to jump in and do damage control! Why don't they just shut up, and do what they do best, create scandal and controversy!

Pedophilia is most certainly a crime which possibly has an underlying illness that can be treated.  However, what is clearly a crime without an underlying illness is hiding and covering up the pedophillic crimes of others and relocating them to places where they can commit their crimes again.  There are pedophiles in every line of work, but usually the crime is brought to light and the offender is punished and prevented from abusing agin.  I am much more angry at the Church leadership who swept the abuse problems under the rug than I am at the actual pedophiles themselves.  They are all accessories after the fact and should be prosecuted.

Perhaps he's contracted pedophilia.

Just his way of excusing it and making it sound acceptable

What a POS.

public school teachers molest children at a higher rate than priests/ministers. pedophiles seek out positions that give them access to potential victims. there should be no second chances in our justice system for pedophiles.Pedophilia is an illness that if and/or when acted upon then becomes a crime.  The interest itself is pedophilia.  Even if a person did not act on those urges they would still be a pedophile just like an alcoholic is an alcoholic even if the person doesn't drink or a drug addict being a drug addict whether using or not.  People can accept alcoholism or drug addiction as illnesses because they do not by themselves involve children.  It's the fact that pedophilia involves children that makes people unable to accept that it is an illness.  It IS an illness and can be treated.  The sad thing is a lot, if not most, of pedophiles don't think there is anything wrong with them.  They are/can be unbelievably delusional.

He needs to do more then apologize he needs to resign from any position of power he may have, or even dream of having.

2 late, #$%$.  We're investigating your A Ss now.

Regardless of their status, the Holy Spirit is keeping tabs on these criminal acts against his children... If the Pope wont do the job of bringing rapists &amp; pedophiles to justice the Holy Spirit will...  He not only sees all he knows what is in their hearts &amp; minds, have faith, the Holy Spirit is cleaning house, not one will escape, even if he is the Pope...

Sociopathy is a sickness too.  Should we have put Ted Bundy in a nice cushy home for mentally ill people?

The police need to execute a search warrant on the Vatican to get the red leather book that documents decades of criminal activity.Then they need to post an unredacted version on the world wide web.

People who can do that to children have a special hell waiting for them. Even if it is a "sickness", it still deserves a harsh punishment.

I as a catholic feel the church should not only condemn this but I feel that any man of the cloth who hurts a child in this way should be held MORE accountable. The church needs to lift the curtain and let those accused either prove or be disproved of the crime... If guilty they must pay for their crimes to mankind not to god almightyThey abused their trusted position to hurt children. And when I say More accountable,, I mean let their maker judge their souls.... No pedophile deserves to feed off the system and someday be set free. I believe it is a greater crime than premeditated murder by the damage it has done to the victims.A lifetime of damage.........

This clown is a classic example of : IT IS BETTER TO BE THOUGHT A FOOL THAN TO OPEN YOUR MOUTH AND REMOVE ALL DOUBT!

He was being honest and just stated the Church's position....Perverts!"And so in conclusion, I want to reiterate that my feelings, though honest...were wrong, and according to public opinion; that is not the way I feel. Thank you."

It's both a crime and a mental condition, child molesters are nuts.

The Catholic Church will be poor soon once it settles all of the sexual abuse/pedophilia claims!  They are all on the same page apparently!

No reply on this message, God will have to sort this out for these people.

It is a crime against one child. It is a crime against all children. It is an illness that should be treated with hefty doses of prison, for there is no other cure.

i think he's talking about the desire for children being a sickness not a crime, but molesting them is. kinda like having constant violent thoughts is not a crime but its something u should see a mental health professional for, and it becomes a crime only when u act out your violent fantasies. still, no one wants to hear them downplaying the subject in any way given their history of abuse and cover up

I'd guess that there are a LOT of children in Napier's history

&gt;&gt;"From my experience, paedophilia is actually an illness. It's not a criminal condition, it's an illness,"&lt;&lt;, you should loose your Cardinal Status, idiot..

Its time for the entire catholic church to be eradicated. It no longer serves any purpose except to endorse disgusting crimes as pedophilia. Each day that goes by it gets more and more hypocritical.  People dont need an "institution" such as this to pray or show their love for "god" (I am agnostic for the record)

Catholicism is an abomination to God....praying to mother Mary, praying to saints, asking mortal men for forgiveness, hiding and protecting pedophiles in their 'church' system, a heirarchy among 'priests'!  None of these are Biblical principal!now He apologizes for speaking what he thinks is the truth. He is actually regretting being honest, if not immoral.

A cardinal walks into the doctor's office "Hey Doc , I have this pain in my groin area"The doctor replies, "Take two choirboys and call me in the morning."

Liking children is not a crime. Having sex with children or sexually abusing them sexually in any way is a crime. It's is insane that large church groups and hierarchies don't understand "The Lucifer Effect" how social interaction, stress, propaganda, abuse, low self esteem etc. un-wires or rewires the neurological communities in one's brain for pedophilia. When it comes to integrating science with religion we are still in the "dark ages". "The Crucible" is alive and well.

No neet to apologize Cardinal. The "ACT" upon another turns that into a crime. Dont bow so easily to folk banging their gums like those Mc. Martin Pre School parents and community folk. .

The whole catholic church should all be abolished from the pope on down. The pope said that pedophilbia is not a crimial crime also. How do they sleep at night and with whom.

Looks like his original statement was just him setting the cover for his #$%$ when he eventually gets outed for sexual crimes.

The catholic church is not the only one caught up in this, the others are too..it;s jut that they get more play in the media..now, it is a crime and should recieve much more of a sentence then they get now days...if you want to accept it as an illness, then we have an epidemic...and it crosses all lines from religion to race, economic , and it;s in every country..and then we can throw in incest for good measure..

feed him to the lions

The victim still remains and that is a crime

so if the emphasis is on the poor, we can forget about pedophile priests?The Catholic Church can treat pedophilia?  So why is it that other mental health professionals and institutions have been able to treat this 'condition' only by administering medications that remove sexual desire?So, now, after all of the cover ups all of these years, the Catholic Church has the audacity to claim that two priests were cured with treatment instead of punishment??!!  What a crock!!!Who are these priests who have been cured?  What are their names?  Who are their victims?  Why aren't they on trial for raping children?

Its true that the illness comes first, followed closely by the crime.  Most pedophiles get started in childhood.  I've often wondered how such people can convince themselves that it is okay to molest a child.

May God help us.

So has referred any of the pedophiles working for him for criminal prosecution?

All sin is a sickness, and evil such as raping children is certainly a crime. This crime should be punished by execution. That is the only way the innocent child can be assured that the person who raped them will never harm them again. We should consider the victim over the abuser. People get paroled or escape prison, but no one can escape the grave except the one who rose from the dead. The abuser can still seek forgiveness from God even after they are found guilty.

What would Jesus say about this?

Just showing what a joke the church is.

It's not a botched interview you should be apologizing for, but the fuzzy logic that doesn't have you thinking "straight"!If the interview reports what you said, it isn't the interview that's screwed up, IT'S YOU!

How many pedophile priests did this classless Catholic priest dirtbag cover up for?

Even the Catholic church has a Joe BidenPediphelia is a SEX CRIME and offenders should be jailed. The offenders cannot be cured no matter how much counseling they have. Wake up Catholic Cardinals, Bishops, Priests, Lay People and the Pope you can't solve this horrible problem by shunting the offenders to different parishes, shredding documents or paying off the abused. Throw all the pediphiles to the authorities and stop this rape of Catholic children and teenagers.

Too late. We know how the church really feels - actions speak louder.

He apologized for saying it. Sadly, he probably still believes it.

i thought science used to say hmosexuality was a sickness now yahoo tries to pass it off as the preferred way of life.  keep the perverts from the kids including the gay perverts

Sorry folks, but he was right. There is no such thing as a 'criminal condition'. There are criminal behavior and criminal acts, but you start making 'conditions' criminal and you've just created thought crimes.

Notice he didn't apologize for believing it.............just for getting caught saying it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

In hindsight, it always ends up being "an illness," after their caught! Call it for what it is, a choice that is made to molest and abuse someone else! All we ever hear are excuses from this corrupt and emotionless corporation. These antiquated church leaders, are nothing but walking skeletons. What this "church" needs is a shot of youth, and vitality, and alot of honesty!

Pedophilia may be a compulsion but the perpetrator is very much aware he is doing wrong. The crime occurs when the pedophile concedes to his compulsion and commits the act, usually in multiplicity.

Pedophilia is just one of many mental illnesses involving sexual perversion...........it was a bunch of homosexuals who had #$%$sexuality removed from being a mental disorder......go figure.  #$%$ Doctors saying they weren't mentally ill.  Sick NOW the #$%$s expect people to think they are normal ...won't happen.

This underlying attitude is the root cause of the systematic, institutionalized abuse of children that has been perpretrated by the catholic church for a century or more.  Only a few months ago another popular high-ranking priest who has his own radio show.. I forget his name.. basically said that teen boys deliberately "tempt" priests into sexual relationships.  Later he apologized and blamed what he said on his advanced age. They keep making excuses for expressing their real feelings.  They are a blight on society.The asinine comments by Cardinal Wilfrid Fox Napier makes one wonder what the Cardinal is hiding under his own robes.

Why are pedophiliac thoughts so prevelant in our society? What sleeping worm do they awaken? Why do net articles on the subject attract so much interest? Why are little 5 year olds dressed in Bikinis? Why are adult nude females shaved to look like 9 year old reteeners? I dont't know the answers, but I am aware of some of the questions.Tikkun Olam- To serve man.

Pedophilia is a grievous sin against the "#?" Commandment. Odd that anything that serious was overlooked. Or was it? It was very common in ancient times as an expedient and a form of keeping disturbing pregnancies down. It is still very common in some 2nd and 3rd World countries. But that doesn't make it acceptable here. Christianity has striven for 2000 years to drive us step-by-step into a higher state of civilization. The nuclear type family has been the aim. Pedophilia and homosexuality are disruptive and had to be discouraged. There are the basic laws of God and his daughter Mother Nature, and the advanced laws of Man and Humanity. There are those who desire us to revert into subservient goyim herd animals. They must be stopped. It can be delayed by AWAKENING the people.Tikkun Olam- To serve man.

From the heart the mouth speaks...until you are put in check and told to say the right thing. It seems that catholic dogma has nothing in common with morality, but their special leaders do dress pretty spiffy.

What universe is this guy living in?

Apparently, someone (probably a Jesuit who has been to law school) has reminded His Eminence that the church defines sin and the state defines crime.Although you can't blame him for trying.  It would be a lot easier to deal with his pedophile priests if they are sick men instead of criminals.

This could only happen in the Catholic Church!!!

Gays are sinners but lust of Children is not now?

The impulse is an illness, the action is a crime.By not acknowledging and insisting that the former be treated, the Catholic Church is abetting the crimes of the latter. It thus has itself become a criminal institution.By tolerating and not prosecuting the leaders of this institution, our legal and political systems is abetting these crimes as well, and has itself become criminal.Wake up and smell the corruption.

Priests may do this secretly, but Muslims do it frequently and openly!! Mohammed married a 9yr old.What? If he was a deacon or pastor in any other religion he would of been forced to step down from his position. How do Catholics priests and cardinals get away with this stuff?

Idiot cardinal.

Okay, time to draw the line.  Anyone in a position of leadership or guidance for a church involving youth (or anyone for that matter), makes this type of comment and is kept on by the said church means there is a problem with that church.  Catholicism is not based on biblical principal anyway - praying to mother Mary, praying to saints, asking mortal men for forgiveness, etc.  No where in the Bible are these condoned by God.  Christ said 'I am the way, the truth and the life...no one comes to the Father but through me.'  If Catholicism was honored by God, why would he allow all the pedophilia to continue and then accept this type of comment or behavior?  The Catholic church has condoned this type of behavior for many years and they have hidden their 'priests' inside the church system to avoid arrest AND they have subjected youth to men that are already known to have pedophilia pasts and tendencies.  Every word of this is true.....

An illness not a crime..Maybe this is the reason for all the sexual abuse and susequent coverup by church leaders..It more makes sense to me now.

Church should be poor, does this mean they are going to spread the church's wealth?  Gay Liberal sex offender forgiveness is next... The almighty pecker destroys the world again!

Why is this thing still a cardinal????? I hope this pope has some balls.......

yeah...let's all feel sorry for the poor child molesters...the child molesters that never seek help for their "illness" until they've been caught.  Whatever.

I thank god that I don't have to worry about everything I say being misstated and twisted. acting on pedophilia is a crime -pedophilia(the sick twisted desire but not neccessarily action) is not a crime. Same as the desire to commit any bad behavior isnt a crime by itself-you actually have to commit it. Guessing that he was referring to the desire but not the action

Dang, it would have to be a black man. Hey at least he apologized.

Alcoholism is an illness, driving drunk is a crime.  Putting yourself or others in a position to infringe on others rights (getting behind the wheel while drunk or putting a pedophile in a position of authority over children) make the crime. The Cardinal should learn when to open his mouth, and when to nod silently and not eat his foot and half his leg.This is a chance for the new Pope to really make a statement - fire this bozo, or at least relieve him of his official duties.

Catholic Cardinals definately need a class in modern media presentation.

The bell has been rung, the bait is in the water, or, like Lakers Sportscaster Chick Hearn said "The mustard is off the hot dog." The door for the pedophiles has been cracked, don't allow them to come out and demand their "right" to perversion.

OMG what is the matter with these people??!?!?!?!

Those of you that attend mass, confession or any activity with the catholic church should stop, these men are devils in long dresses, how can you worship with someone who rape your kids, they will never stop raping your kids, it's been going on so long now it's part of their religion. Find another religion....

So there is so much mental illness in the Catholic Church. What does that tell you ? It's not a healthy place to be in organized religion

WHERE DO THEY FIND THESE "men of GOD"???????????????

Whats wrong with him? He must be nuckin futs. What a #$%$.

I don't believe in my heart of hearts that this man meant to imply that child rape or child sexual abuse is not a crime. I think he meant that pediophilia is a condition that some people that he knows struggle with and do NOT act upon--and as I read it--those people were molested themselves as children. I think he misarticulated, and was misunderstood. I truly hope that this is the case.

That is the problem with the Church, the leadership and the policy of silence.  Jesus whouldnt be impressed.What he said, that nails it. That has always been the policy of the Catholic Church.

Not all who were abused become abusers. It is a mental illness, but it cannot be treated or cured, this has been proven time and time again. Mental illness or not though, it is still a horrific crime that carries on and on for generations. The only way to stop it is to treat it as a crime with an equally horrific punishment. No mercy.

If this cardinal *really* wants to apologize, have him rat out all of the chomos under him.

If paedophilia is a disease, it should be a terminal one.  THERE IS NO CURE!   The only way to stop these monsters is death or life imprisonment without possiblilty of parole.  The last place their victims should go for counseling is the catholic church.  Clearly, they don't get it or they just don't care.

Sexual abuse is a crime. .Abusers should be punished. Sexual abuse is also an illness. I think this is what he meant to say

The P O S is a pedophile that is why he said that in the first place.

There is a certain group of people in this country who is pushing wrong right, and right wrong. And have convinced our Gov. who don't know what 2plus 2 is, or how to bal. a budget that there agenda is right. If you S.O.B don't like our country or our Laws it a big world find a place for your self.

This is only the tip of the iceberg, most priest have this sickness, and should be jailed eternally.

the Catholic Church should run this nut out of the church &gt; I would say he must be one also so lets clean our church up and make it the one true religion, Oh wait I think they changed that saying So you know I go way back as a catholic, I still believe Latin should be spoke at the mass and no one but the priest can handle the body and blood of jesus The Host. And also the Pope can never quit he was appointed by God to serve his duration on this earth,

Satan is Catholic.Disgusting. If he hasn't yet, it won't be long before god just gives up on us.

If you follow the thought process of the g  a    ys then he is right. They are born that way so what’s the problem? We need to protect the rights of all deviants. What’s the difference if you’re born that way you’re born that way?

When he said that, a Republican Congressman stood up and clapped.

A church is a social contract organization consisting of men.  These men.  THIS MAN.  It is a stain on humanity.

I don't understand how educated, informed people still belong to the Catholic Church.  It is just a large non-profit run by kiddie buggers and supported by the ignorance of a large sub-section of the polulace.

when men rape children it's a crime, it's not an illness, pedophilia is a sick mean cruel way that adults consume and violate children.   When the child all of a sudden has sexual awareness that was forced on them by an aggressor, that child is harmed.. it's criminal.   this is one of the roles of the Father,PROTECTING THE CHILDREN..    child molesters instinctively know they will be killed if caught.  Because Daddy is watching out for his beloved children.. and molesters should be very very afraid of what Dad would do if he caught them.

At 17, when I was in USMC, I was raped and beaten repeatedly by two authority figures. Recently, His Eminence Wilfred Fox Napier, Archbishop to Johannesburg, stated that pedophilia is a sickness and not a crime. He was right with respect to his claim that pedophilia is a sickness, but flagrantly wrong with respect to his claim that pedophilia is not a crime. If pedophilia was decriminalized, what deterrent would there be to that type of behavior? What justice would be served to  the the victims of child abuse? If pedophilia was decriminalized, all pedophiles would be free to prey on children with immunity. Rape, physical assault, and murder are criminal offenses. So why shouldn't pedophilia be treated as a criminal offense. Neither punishment nor rehabilitation has solved the epidemic created by the most reprehensible type of conduct in our culture -- namely, pedophilia. I still believe in giving offenders a second chance in hopes of having them learn from their first mistake. Here is my recommendation for the law makers. If a person is convicted of pedophilia, lock him up but make it quick and short. But if he recidivates, lock him up and throw away the key. Or even better, have the police ordered to shoot all pedophiles on the spot. That's how China and Singapore solve their drug problem. So why wouldn't it work for pedophiles? Unfortunately, that would not be practible in a Western democracy.

The only "treatment" for pedophilia is a quarter ounce of lead injected directly into the brain.

Why do you have to apologize in what you beleive in and what you do knowing that it is not crime but insanity because you are an insane idiont wearing rope and abusing young boys and girls.the best option for you is to follow the step of the pope who knew that he has lost the sense to lead the people so have you, you are even worst than the indian gang rapist.is like the gang rapist saying raping and murdering is not a crime but insanity. Shame on you wearing that rope

The Catholic Church has got to weed out its liberal attitudes.  It has been too tolerant of what has been going on within its ranks and too merciful to those who have sinned.....And these men know the will of God? Lol

And I like a guy who openly apologizes with no reservations.  He was wrong and said as much.  Next time he gets 'interviewed' by these people what you bet he don't run off at the mouth as much?

Imagine that.  A Cardinal (the champion of pedophilia) says child molesting is not a crime.

Lucky for him, stupidity isn't a crime.

It is easy to judge, right?  Do you mean to say if one member of the family is a criminal, the whole family are criminals?

I wonder how many priests are members of NAMBLA?

To my way of thinking, the Catholic church is a cult that has long deceived it's followers.As for the South African cardinal who spoke those words, simply consider the source,  he is a black South African. For the most part those people have no morals and believe that crime is an acceptable part of life in their country. But, since the Catholic Church is a cult, they will not expel him.

He is sick and I suggest his past be checked over and his computer taken and also looked over.  He might be the sick one here and that's why he was issuing that statement in case he gets found out

A statement showing what the Catholic church leaders really believe but not spoken

I don't understand the Catholic religion. Why must priest remain abstainent and why do they need a Pope? We have  the Bible to guide us and Jesus Christ to pray to.He is sorry that he said it out loud and in the media but he will go on with business as usual trying to shield his pedophile brethren from the slammer. It is garbage like this that galvanizes my notion that the Catholic clergy is nothing but one giant pedophilia ring from top to bottom.

Ask me no questions and I'll tell you no lies.

I guess if that is their opinion about pedophiles it is no wonder they work so hard to cover it up and get pedophiles off the hook. Shame....

now he's "apologizing"--what a FAKE!!

Resign.

What else would you expect from an African? Aren’t they the ones who brought AID’s to the world by mating with apes? Oh I forgot Cardinal Wilfrid Fox Napier, that’s just an illness too.

Ah c'mon black pope! Just last week every black person on the planet was pullin' for ya

Too late. You knew what you were saying, and you meant it. It fits in with what your church has always done. This apology means nothing.

burn him!

Eventually, Found out a #$%$ blacksheep among the good sheep! Disorder or disease was a constant excuse used to cover up or protect #$%$-sinned priests for so long! His apology meets no one which means he MUST resign from the church and GONE!the church allowed and will allow it in the future-don't be fooled-I will believe a change of heart when I see pedophile priests in jail and NOT protected-there are rumors in Rome that the last several popes were homosexuals and that upper members in Vatican were being blackmailed by homosexual prostitures-that should also be investigated and if true the Vatican should be turned into a musuem for the crimes against the church

the oath of celibacy attracts men in conflict with their sexually deviant desires, such as pedophilia. celibacy itself, especially for men, is simply against the laws of nature. the Church would be wise to rid itself of this disastrous policy.

It was a slip,nah, more like a habit that catholic priests seem to have a real problem with.

Good luck, Pope Francis, getting this church to be either poor or moral.  If you do accomplish such goals....you would be a candidate for sainthood.

He spoke like a true catholic. He needs to be investigated!

I was abused as a child and my sickness is wanting to kill abusers. Why is that not recognized? Just because I don't give into temptation, oh wait. You can do that, if it is an illness. You can chose not to act on it.

will the catholic church EVER get serious about homosexuality in all its forms.

I get what he's trying to say, however it IS also a crime that society has deemed deserving of punishment, and for the Catholic church to simply cover it up and just move the priests to another church is unacceptable.  You can feel sorry for these guys that they may have been abused as children and are sick in the head, but don't reward them - they should lose their Priest club membership and go straight to a mental facility where they get treatment, or go straight to jail.

no one wants your apology...i do want to thank you for being truthful about how you felt.  now i want to see you defrocked...you sick sob...it is people like you that have allowed 10s of thousands of chidren to be raped......

it's  a crime to tell a man that he can't have sex.  if these men were aloud to be normal I don't think this would be as big as it is.i dont understand all these priests that sexually abuse from children ... what is god telling them to take advantage of children as well ? its #$%$ stupid . i do not agree with any type of harm to children but dont be a hypocrite either.priest make themselves seem so effin innocent . this is why i hate religion. makes no effin sense and the people that are suppose to represent it eff it up by doing stupid #$%$ like this ...

idiot cardinal....it is an illness ,mental illness to want to have sex with children,it is a despicable mental illness, thats why it is a crime to give in to these despicable mental urges....it should be punished.......especially if priests practice it

NAMBLA believe this to not be a crime or illness.

I knew this jackass has stuck his foot in his mouth. Can you imagine what this freak is thinking about you, while you are confessing your sins to him in that dark box.

Hmmmmm.....best altar boys not turn their backs on this guy!

I agree with you Grady "O " Grady You are right to these Priest That Prey up Children see it as  Not A Crime . With these Children Just Think Its Like a Child with his Hand Caught in a Cookie Jar . And They really think their gonna get away with it NOT . Their Time is Comming They can't even Imagine What Hell they are going to get The Puikes. They are just like all other Pedophiles . A real Woman would just Laugh at them thats why the Pray up children its the fear they seek in a Child . Fear You Seek Fear You are going to Get By not from a Child .

Are these people so evil that right has become wrong and wrong has become right? Would he have changed his position if not prompted by the Catholic leadership? I doubt it.

I understand what he said. Taken out of context it sounds just as bad as the person who took it out of context intended. Take down the guilty, not those who speak out about the crime against children, and provide help for the children who were abused and grow up to abuse.

and now we all know what is wrong with the RC church.

Replacing the cross on the chain around the neck of a priest with his testicles would be a way to show everyone that that person was in need of help for his paedophilia. Similar idea to the medical alert bracelet. Then if he was moved to a new parish, everyone would be able to know he has a problem and pray for his forgiveness as they wishFU**cKING #$%$ MAN AND HIS STATEMENT.

fire him....

For Cardinals, priests and Popes Pedophilia is not a crime, it's a way of life.

Yes you can help the poor victims... by your church staying as far away from them as possible!

A good reason not to trust Catholic clergy around young boys.

you recant to keep your money, your 'priest' hotel, your servants, your clothes and your presumed prestige. You are a sell out {W}hore and we already know where you stand. Yea the pressure made you recant, but your heart is in the right place.In the {S}phincter of hell.

It is no wonder women everywhere are having problems with respect and justice, when we have worldwide problems like this regarding the rights of our children.

To be a Cardinal I think this was the most disgusting cvomment he could have made! Does the Vatican think that it's pedophile priest who are raping Catholic children is not a CRIME?

and the church wonders why people are leaving, because of dirt bags like this holy piece of garbage

There is proof that drug abuse is an illness and not a crime, but we're still lockin' em up...Imagine That!!

Pedophilia is a crime. In religion, it is a condition (not an illness) brought about by the limitation of the clergy to have sexual or normal relationship with matured consenting people, as they are bound by the oath of celibacy. Instead, they turn towards innocent children.For all other pedophiles, it is their psychological problem to relate with adult people. Call it an illness, but there is no excuse even if the pedophiles were abused as children. It is still a crime--period.(And this cardinal should be investigated if he had done it or had done some cover up.) It is more a crime  for a clergy and those who cover it up as it is a sin against the faithful who trust in them.

Get all the paedophiles out of the catholic church, and do it now !

""From my experience, paedophilia is actually an illness. It's not a CRIMINAL CONDITION, it's an illness," he had said"if this was his true statement, then intellectually he is right. Paedophilia is an illness. Sick illness. Implication is that conditioned criminals won't necessary be paedophiles. It takes a sick sicko to be a paedophile. That i agree with.As for the church in general...they really are to be feared. The biggest cult in the world

When is the catholic church ever going to learn? What was this man thinking.Dose he have any compassion for the victims? Rationalize all you want but wrong is wrong! It is a wonder that he is not suggesting that the victims should assume some blame. Same church different Pope!!

The cardinal said those things because he has probably sodomized countless little boys himself. I think its a requirement to be a priest in the catholic church

the man needs to move into the real world.paedophilia is a crime first and should be procecuted as such.only after that do you even think of treating it.only when they are behind bars and the general population of the prison knows what they have been convicted of.then the treatment will begin

Religion is the worst thing that MAN has ever created.

If what i just read was true, "GOD" said this guy would be better off hanging himself or drowning in the sea. then messsing with kids that believe in him. in mathews somewhere.  he dont mind you hurt kids that DONT believe in the almighty (im just kidding/serious hahahaha)

This guy just needs to GO!  Too late, we know what he thinks, and its WRONG.  He should step down NOW and be gone!.Its pretty much the same thing? You have to be mental to commit crimes like that... And I understand from the victims point of views that they want justice. But isn't it better to lock them up and try and fix there problem?? That way u have less a chance of them hurting more people.

How many children has HE RAPED ? And how many rapists does he still protect !

These church officials think that they are above humanity.That laws of normal peoples don't apply to them.  They should all be yanked in by the police or Interpol treated as criminals and questioned as to what they know or don't and it should be made public.

First and foremost, I disagree with the glossing over of the criminality of child molestation.  Church issues aside, I see a similar mentality that is very pervasive in our legal system.  This rapist was abused as a child, so his crimes aren't his fault.  This burglar suffers from this mental disorder, so his crimes aren't his fault.  This violent offender was bullied, so he lashed out.I am not condoning this attitude in the Church.  I'm simply pointing out it exists in lots of other places too.

the pig priest is just like mitt romney - he spoke his inner thoughts out loud -you cant do that when you are part of the support system for a money grubbing greedy worldwide 2000 year old pedophile cult -

I. I. I. Mean.. It is a crime... Yeah, did I say it wasn't... I'm now changing that to- it is. Do you like me again?

damn shame...

"sickness" - who gives a sht what this fk thinks -then "ALL" criminals are sick &amp; not responsible for their crimes -fk this pig !   ironically that would be justice served -

He said it's  a illness and not a crime,,,well let one of his kids get molested and I bet cha he will press charges..............maybe he's a child molester?

Actually he is right. Pedophilia is listed in the DSM-IV as a mental illness (the sexual attraction to a prepubescent child-a child not yet at the puberty stage of child development). The act of molesting a child is a crime and has a legal definition. If one is a pedophile and never sexually acts out with a child, then he has committed no crime. Once that person enters a point where they are sexually acting out with some prepubescent child then that person has violated a criminal law. So, the Cardinal was correct by identifying it as a mental illness, thus distinguishing it from the criminal sanctions that occur once the ill person takes steps to act on their predilections.Eric Magner, J.D., Ph.D.If you like having sex with young boys,join the cathoilc church,and become their priest.Most of these so called prince of the church are all bunch of #$%$s themselves.Sooner or latter his view about the sexual abuse of kids, will be accepted as norm,it will not be seen as a crime,it is a disorder,it is someone elses fault.FYI.What he said is the official govt version in Greece.Pedophiles qualify for govt disability money for being pedophiles.By the end of the century,it will spread everywhere.Sodm and Gommorah,all over again?

Perhaps this is where a great deal of the problem lies.  It is a crime and they should be behind bars.

If child molestation is a illness, then there are a lot of sick puppies in the Catholic church probably going all the way to the top.I think that if you asked a gay person, he would tell you that it was a preference, and not an illness.

men like him in high positions of the church, is why i dont believe

i see the next spokesman for the GOP

Pedophilia cannot be treated (changed) anymore than my attraction to women.  Furthermore, child abuse does not lead to pedophilia.  That's a load of #$%$ and a poor excuse for their behavior.  I'm so glad I left the Catholic faith several years ago.

Thanks Obama.

He, just like his peers, is just continuing the same old story.  I hope that our new Pope can change this attitude but I doubt it.  Time will tell.

sounds like he is trying to justify that filthy continent, and all of the abuse that goes on there.

Sick pervert.......i wonder how many kids he has molestedCatholics are turds in the global eurotrash colonial sewer.

Freaky deaky catholics are all cult followers of satan. hallelujah!

u dumb #$%$ religious people, when their is a victim of any kind of action that will harm a person physically mentally or otherwise in a negative way is a crime you dumb #$%$ invisible guy follower, see this is why religion is dangerous. some priest could come to this idiot  and tell him look, i #$%$ every alter boy in the church what do ya think? he would say man you better look for help and would not call the police because hes an idiot. grow up you religious people Santa isn't real the Easter bunny isn't real its ok you can admit it you know god isn't real! grow up.

He knew of two priests??Did he out them to police or did he help move them to another parish.

apology not accepted, but a look into your true beliefs indicates there is more trouble and confrontation on the horizon

It is a crime.  A crime committed because of illness.  Paedophilia is an illness, mental illness .

Not like we havent known for years the catholic church thinks this way

The religious nuts will never learn.

Pedophila is an illness that results in a crime. Too bad for the Cardinal who spoke the truth.

Wow!!! So maybe he is 1 who knows after all... Is that the kind of people we should listen and trust about the bible and what they preach??? shameless, he should not be where he is.It sounds to me like he made the statement off the cuff without thinking it through. He should have realized the scrutiny ( very well earned and deserved) that the church is under and allowed his brain to do its work before he opened his mouth

How funny!  I wonder whats going on under the robe?