New York state scamming the Fed's? No way! Only when the sun shines.

It seems medicaid does not have enough oversight - no telling what a mess it is

And they can't even blame a republican for this new York mess.

little distractions like this one will keep the NY politicians from the big issues like extra large Sippy drinks and visible cigarette &amp; tobacco  displays  ... what will they do ?

What fraud in a goverment program?   I am shocked!   When we reduced the rate of GROWTH in the goverment budget the only area our President and his administration could find to cut was Whitehouse tours and a up comming Easter Egg hunt for the kids.  The synical and political nature of this administration in resisting any reduction in goverment spending is to be kind outrageous. When will the American people wake up?  This president is on record as wanting to see a gallon of gas hitting $4.00 and now he has achieved this goal and we the people feel the pain and still support this administration and it's energy policies.  Drilling on federal land is down nearly 40%.  Lots of good paying jobs lost and tax revenues gone..  We could have a real energy boom with all kinds of benifits for the private sector but due to this President and his EPA it's not happening. He would rather grow the food stamp program  then our domestic energy sector.

Time for a new Political Party, the Honest Politician Party. Nobody has seen anything like it in at least 100 years. Time for a change, from the lying #$%$ we have today to people that want to work for We The People!

Just think of the waste, fraud and abuse opportunities that will be available next year.

So, it's not only the banks, politicions and Wall Street that are crooked in New York, it's the whole damn state? Wonder where the billions in storm repair money that they were crying for is really going to end up?

It's simple.  Raise taxes on the rich liberals running the state.  Make them pay for their "compassion" with their own money.

The U.S. needs to abort a few of these useless States .Don't worry, NY!  ObamaCare will fix it!  LOL!

Hey how about this, the state Democrats are out stealing the Federal Democrats. Every one wants free stuff because Obama says it is OK to take your neighbor's nickel, but eventually you will destroy the goose , golden eggs and all. Note: When you take all the money of the rich, there will not be any more to take next year or the year after. Then you will no longer be middle class, but rich and they will then come after your money. Look at what happened in Cyprus, a 10% tax arbitrarily imposed on everyone's savings over $100,000 in savings. That is just a legal way of stealing 10% of everyone's money. The next time they need money they will take 10% of the money of everyone who has more than $80,000. etc.

Maybe instead of sueing everyone else, Attorney Gen. Eliot Spitzer should be looking at his own state government and their "interesting" practices.  (Don't want to say the fraud word yet.)

And this governor wants to run for president ha! Medicaid needs checks and balances. There are way too many people who receive this federal aid who need to be checked in all states.

Cuomo and Bloomberg, cut from the same eccentric cloth.

Not too surprising ,actually . One only has to think of the philosophy in New York pertaining to the relationship between Government and " the Governed " . They impose the highest taxes and regulatory burden on their citizens ....including the most invasive methods of " minding everybody else's business " . In return for this constant pressure from Govt , the people actually have the attitude that the Govt is somehow their partner and therefor the solution of last resort when things get thick . It's only natural that state officials would take every opportunity to " pass things up the line " when administering aid programs . I'm thinking medicaid isn't the only Federal program that needs to be looked at .....the response from Sen Kemp Hannon is pretty telling .....apparently they all believe that if it was ever " approved " then any financial transaction must certainly be consistent with the rules of the program .

Yes kemp - they do have a case - just because they are approved does not make them legal or stop it from being a theft - ripping off tax payers by saying they where approved by the fed and excusing the bill writers/claimers of fraud and fed theft is unexcusable.

a billion here and a billion there.....easy to balance the state budget when all you have to do is issue phony bills to the feds. who will be held accountable ?

Medicaid is a politically sensitive issue as states gear up for an expansion of the coverage under the Obama administration's Patient Protection and Affordable Care law.This is too scary.  Please, all of us, cry out to overthrow Obamacare!

WHAT!!!!!!!,  new york sticking it to the feds???? Tell me this ain't so!!!  I just don't know why new york would be involved in something like this, I thought ny was too busy with important stuff like the size of soft drinks or where a store owner has to hide the cigarette's he is trying to sell. NY is nothing but a liberal wasteland, kind of like CA has become."Analysis: Medicaid dispute casts doubt over New York's budget"It is not a dispute, but an investigation into fraudulent claims by the state of NY.

I think New York has a Ban on repayment of anything.

Look at Cuomo's eyes, he is on something.

Who cares?  Let's get those big gulp drinkers and the ciggy puffers.  You know, the important stuff.

" To be sure, there is still a chance of a benign outcome for the state if the federal authorities decide not to pursue retroactively", I'll take a piece of that bet

Don't be bothering Bloomburg with this, he is out fighting 20 oz Slurpies.

The Dems would NEVER allow an audit of Obamacare.... It's a tax that has ZERO intention of helping with any medical cost!Here is the Proof!The push for across the board minimum wage increases will put most people ABOVE the line to qualify for reduced medical expenditures/subsidies. Pushing people JUST above the line will ensure the taxes collected won’t be used to pay medical expenses, but will instead be squandered elsewhere… The sad fact is, EVERYONE will still be required by LAW to obtain an insurance policy that most CANNOT afford… the penalty is an audit and garnishment of wages by the IRS.This is what Dems are pushing for… and who do you think they are going to blame?

A holier than thou blue state sucking the government teat.

All the hoopla about a balanced budget in NY.  In the land of liberals, there is no such thing as a balanced budget let alone a deficit reduction program.  We knew Cuomo was the purveyor of untruths because his lips were moving.

New York,much like Detroit assumed the money was for votes,paying stolen money back is undemocraticdem theives caught again. . . .

Socialism at it's finest...robbing Peter to pay Paul

Bloomberg should of been watching the size of the medicaid cost and not the size of the big soft drink.    Now New York will get to pay for not checking the real medical cost.

When will liberals realize that they are spending too much money!  Its a house of cards!!!

All Democrat ran  Cities and States are BANKRUPT !

Obamacare in substance is nothing more than a giant expansion of Medicaid.  There is no way especially with the waste and fraud in NY's Medcaid that this is a net reduction to the deficit. For anyone who believes that I've got some land sale in Manhattan, cheap between 59th &amp; 110th St's.

Yes but before we get to that important business, lets all join together for a rousing game of hide the cigarettes!! Cumo the gun grabbing Abortion monger, or Bloomberg the Nanny State man. New York is just plain S*c*r*e*w*e*d !!!!!!!!!!!!

the "state" will have to repay ? who`s the state......TAXPAYERS !

what, another lib central scamming the public money system? Imagine that.

OK, so WHY aren't they doing annual audits so these problems do NOT get so out of hand.  The article says - "The audit, launched earlier this year by Centers for Medicaid and Medicare Services, the federal agency that oversees Medicaid,"I worked for a state program, that was federally funded.  We were audited three times/year - once by our overseeing agency, once by the state and once by the feds. So. just how are state Medicaid Programs NOT being audited?Instead of crushing gun owners' rights  Cuomo, you should have paid attention to your corrupt government.

As the state had begun to get it's house in order. That's a laugh! That s@#t that runs New York will never get it's house in order as long as the liberals run the state.

But don't forget about hiding cigarettes &amp; banning soft drinks. These are important.

Government GREED

Cuomo to Obama/Beelzebub - Help me Bro!!!

Jeez, like the liberals that run the Federal Govt (President and Sec of Health and Human Services) are really gonna send a bill or penalty to NY.  The only want Cuomo can claim a near balanced budget is all of the funny money from the Hurricane bail out bill.

"state and local authorities design the plans themselves, making oversight a complex multi-agency task."  Which is of course, the problem with government.  They can't do much of anything right, except make things so complex that oversight is difficult and very costly.

I don't want my paycheck to pay for the Medicaid patients, sorry. Not everyone who is on Medicaid, really needs it!

anyone who has saved and/or paid for your house beware....the liberals are coming to take it all away....if you paid in your whole life you are a sucker....the illegals and scamming lower class have paid in nothing, and will receive everything....

To solve this problem the government will simply cut Medicare programs that retired working people were convinced to pay into and give it to those on Medicaid, those  folks who contributed nada to SS taxes.  Howevert  the US government has come up with a plan which offer those hardworking Americans on Medicare the option to sign over their homes through the federal reverse mortgage program,  This program essentially provides money to seniors in exchange for their home so they can also pay their expenses.    So why should anyone contribute to SS when its those who don't work and contribute  anything actually wins?What happens when the Red Commie States like Red CA, Red NY, Red IL, Run out of Other Peoples Money to spend???They turn to the People's Bank Accounts!!!  (the Cyprus Solution)))

They should probably sit down and share a Super Big Gulp over it

Good to see the federal government working harder to reform entitlement programs.

Have Bloomberg pay it back, at least his money would be doing something useful.

I bet the mayor of NYC is behind this !!

can we say progressive liberal and scams? It seems they are one in the same worldwide.

All my claims were approved , then nys stole the money back, so sure the feds can take what the state fraudulenty billed, its called back billing for over-charging the state does this all the time!@

this is what happens when you give illegals and scammers a free ride...when was the last time you saw Government actually reward good behaviour?  pathetic

The Medicaid program needs to be terminated.

sauce for the goose, imagine that, democrats stealing from other democrats.  All this proves is the political party is made up of nothing but immoral takers.  What a POS.Fraud and abuse in a government program? Say it aint so Joe!

No No Governor Uuomo would never over charge  not New York has to be meaning New Jersey A democrat would never do this.

Hospitals are milking Medicaid,,,nys spents one billion a week on it ,

The US is out of moneyFirst, the governments of the US start bickering. (federal, state, city levels)Then, the money stops flowing.Then, the empire collapses.

Why am I not surprised? the demon-cRATs operte under falsehoods ALL DAY LONG.. These socialist are bamboozling other socialist, one big happy family stealing from the tax payers!! If you were a civilian, you would put in jail for embezzling.. incredible!!

we must redefine developmentally disabled

quick find something else to tax in New York how about the number of breaths a person takes. It all that's left that hasn't been taxed.

With Emperor Obama and his minion Holder, how did they get caught?  I wonder if Obama will declare Executive Privilege on this like he did Fast and Furious.

Think this is bad? Wait till Obama care gets going.

Senator Kemp Hannon blaming someone else. Typical liberal.Any service-member can tell of the millions in waste that he or she observed during their hitch.  Painting sandbags, painting rocks, dumping food out of messhalls after every meal, shooting up ammo just to get more, running diesel engines all night long so that they can start in the morning

Federal Government pays abouot 50% of New York's fraudulent 54 BILLION DOLLAR Medicaid budget. Ummmm that is us.. the hard working tax payers that pays for their own health care paying for their big bills.  Now we have Obamacare.. Ouch!

N.Y.C has stuck it to the rest of the start for so long they don't know any better!! Cut off N.Y.C and make it its own state! Then you would have a state that could pay its own way.

This is what you get with big government and programs.

Liberal state stealing money, that cannot be.

Look at cuomo's kisser, now tell me doesn't he look like a bandit? the only thing missing is a mask and a six shooter...

Andrew cuomo caught stealing federal money , is how the story should read !!!

why don't they talk about those #$%$ hole nursing homes that screw NYS taxpayers out of billions every year?when cuomo got elected he went after medicade and cut it by 2% which is nothing but the nursing unions went ape #$%$ with there fear mongering ads.they don't like there fat touched.

Funny, how fast they get their house in order once they know someone is watching.

it MUST be some republican's fault.  There is no other wayNew York is a blue (Democrat) state.  Blue state, like California and Mass, don't need any budgets.  The politicians will simply issue more bonds and debts to buy more votes and pay off their constituents.  Like Obama said, "We should not balance the budget for the sake of balance."

No wonder NY jumped to except the Medicaid expansion when they knew their minimum wage of 7.25 should have made them hesitant to accept.  They were trying to hide their ripping off the government.

I'm from NY ya gotta kiddin me? Really Medicaid, &amp; Medicare let's not forget, are massive Bureuacracies that give jobs to whoever appoints, hires, appropriates, and pays them. Including disputers... LOL

Ob will forgive them.   He only cares about raising taxes on the rest of us to pay for another zombie FUBAR.

If we could remove the fraud and waste from government we could balance the budget and there would still be plenty for the politicians to steal.

If there were no Medicaid, there wouldn't be any Medicaid fraud!!   End this please!  Why am I paying anybody elses medical bills - I should only have to pay my own medical bills!!!

SURPRISE, SURPRISE!!!!!!

Billions in fraud, but liberals are more worried about a Big Gulp soda.

Liberal states taking the rest of us to the cleaners.

Put those republican crooks in jail.Multiply this times Medicare, welfare, food stamps, etc. times 50 states. Yeah, raise taxes again. It will only result in more and more theft and corruption. Would be a lot better off to focus on the thiefs stealing taxpayer dollars than some of the other garbage that is constantly in the news.

What's the big deal? He can write a check tomorrow. With everything he has taken away he has to have a lot leftover.

Awww. They can just ask the mayor of New York city for the money. He has plenty he's throwing around, even into other states' elections where it's none of his business.

New York is already one of only 17 states that puts more into the federal coffers than they get in Federal Aid, guess they will be adding a bit more to their largess.

" An investigation into substantial overbilling of the federal government by New York state's Medicaid program "Come on now, Medicaid programs do not bill, hospitols and doctors bill, so the question here is just what doctors and hospitols did the overbilling, who is going to pay the money back and how many years will they spend in prision for theft! Why do the people of NY or any state have to pay the money back the hospitols and doctors stole???

I don't get it... the CMS oversees medicaid... and now after 20 years it calls for an investigation based on a review of a relatively small part of the New York medicaid system.. residential facilities for persons with developmental disabilities (a small fraction of the population).... uh.. and NOW they are citing overbilling? The CMS seems to be more culpable than the relatively small part of the New York Medicaid system...

If our government would audit all states for Medicare fraud and Social Security claims and take legal action against the States, Doctors, Patients and persons committing the frauds, including full recovery and jail time, we wouldn't have nearly the problems that they are projecting.  But noooooo they will cut the benefits of us that are honest and pay into things their whole life.Watch, they will cut a deal with New York and get a tiny portion, if any, back and all of us will pay for it.And what is sicker still is that the New York bums are already looking for ways to get out of their obligation to pay... No wonder so many slackers feel entitled to something for nothing.

A blue state overbilling the feds?  The same people who want the rich to pay their fair share for the state to keep stealing more money?  Those people?  I don't beleive it.  But they will get away with it.  And no one will go to jail like they should.  Oh well, more honesty in govt.  It never ends.

Go after the people who were responsible for it all those years both at the federal and state levels. Don't penalize the poor by cutting funding.

It's not just Medicare - All people should be checking what the health insurance carriers are charged by hospitals and doctors! Amazing that you are charged less if you do not carry insurance than if you do have it! Sometimes by over 30%!Question, if the Feds don't claw back the money that was overpaid for the New York Medicaid/Medicare programs what does that say to the rest of the states that presumably did play by the rules?  .... some how New York is special and deserves a larger share of our borrowed funds from China?

just do away with the federal government ..

Who's to say the money was not ripped off from a prior administration. The money could also helped to balance a budger during the same time period. ?????