Animals.

Guess they should have gone to Disney World.

"French hostages held by Nigerian sect"    Sect?  How about muslims?  they're being held by muslim thugs..... that's all.

Never bargain with extremists.  Kill all the members of the Boko.

The Nigerian government is worthless!!

God help them, they are being held by Medieval pigs who ar truly the #$%$ of he earth!

Kidnap the extemists familys, teach them water boarding, etc , send the extremists a video of us feeding them pork and neck deep in pig blood. They will catch on real quick! Spent 21 years in Army Special Ops!

OK, I must admit, the military should take charge once again in Nigeria!!

Thank God they did not kill them as they said they had already done. The best thing is to shut off the oil pipeline flowing from the Christian south to the wicked northern Nigeria. There land is desert and non productive. Cut off their source of funds and they will stop being so stupid. c

Just use the drones to destroy these thugs inside Nigeria since the Nigerian government feels impotent to go after these terrorists.Yeah, France is real rubbish. Its honkeys and Negr0es are real rubbish. Its companies and products are real rubbish. Its law is a set of thief rules. French cars have not been cars. they all have been poor tins. Yeah. all Negr0es and honkeys of all other countries are all the same.

If one reads apologist pro-islamic comments anywhere you find excuse makingand distancing of themeselves from that which they term as small fragmentsmisrepresenting mainstream islam.This while large and widespread muslim international terrorist organizations obtain sustenance from, and hide behind islam's perfidious skirts.iSLAMIST/ al Quida/talibug/hezbolla/boko haram/ mus bro etc.all equal islamin action.Any other interpretation is spurious but par for the coursecoming from cair or any of the other islamic organizations.islam is a diseaseof the mind and as such must be purged, no matter sunni,shia or any of thethousands of other iterations. Yet, to those infected,it begins as a loving,caring,mythic lifeway. In reality it is a proscriptive power grab of utterlythe lowest form. Inwardly arrogant,misogynist and militarist at it's core(There is nothing wrong with open natiomal military systems) islam paradesitself outwardly as society's poor, denigraded, opressed waif.  In truth,it's youngest boys are delivered up to islam's leaders for their pleasure(pederasty) and, when older, discarded for younger persuits thus creatinggrist for the terror mill.  terrorists are as integral an element as footsoldiers(The everyday faithful).These same laic marks are intimidated andmanipulated by fear of reprisal to both person and family.If unfortunateenough to find themselves in a fire zone the islamist fighters think nothingof using a woman or a child as a human shield.islam is the very soul ofperfidy and atavism.  Beware,lest this become the undoing of us all,this socalled religion from Abbadon !

Fk those hostages! If my white brethren n sistas will not learn to avoid the danger zones, then expect no pity from me! Time to rid europe of this black and mudslime scourge! If we, the whites cannot be treated with respect in the arab and afican lands as we have done for you in ours, then you must be treated with the same hatred in europe as you have done to whites

They need our prayers!