If there's going to be an apocalypse, let it be over those countries who cry peace, yet kill indiscriminately and beat up their women.

when it happens  it will be all over the earth

Arab men are afraid of what the women will do to them for all the years of abuse.

Little people are always looking for someone's shoulders to stand on.  And kudos to the UN--about time they stood up for the 51% of the population of the planet.

So....the muslim brotherhood confirms that islam is not the religion of peace and tolerance....Who would have thunk it...

Brotherhood should be exiled from earth.  They cannot coexist with citizens of the world.  Their whole world seems to revolve around punishment.  I guess if all I had to look at for thousands of years was sand I might be a little off.  These people need some joy in their lives, thats what faith is supposed to be all about, not hate or violence.

These people protesting against equal rights for women are the same people that just received a $200 million gift from the American Taxpayer... Are you comfortable with this?

Any religion, for that matter, any group that advocates violence against women has no place in a civilized society, they should be wiped from the face of the earth...........

I seriously doubt that anything the UN could do would "terrify" anyone.

The treatment of women as found in the doctrine of the Muslim religion has never had, nor has a place in this world.  God created us all equally, not to be subjected and mistreated by one another for any reason, whether it be race, religion, or gender.

So, they have found what scares the islamist men, empowered women.  Welcome to the 21st century.You just gotta love  Arab Spring.

They are afraid that 1000 of years muslims dominating and treating women as a property is over. They are afraid that muslims women can prove that they are more intelligent than muslim men contrary to what muhammad belief that women are inferior.

Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood and Morsi are revealing their true colors. They are 100% against women's rights because they want to impose hard core ultraconservative Sharia law on everyone. Like in Saudi Arabia.

9th century morons.

'To be fair, the drafters of the UN document are trying to universalize their own cultural beliefs, what the Brothers termed an attempted "intellectual and cultural invasion of Muslim countries."'Well, to be fair again, the Muslim Brotherhood is ALSO trying to "universalize their own cultural beliefs" - at least from Spain to Indonesia (according to their original goals), and also to new lands (according to new goals they reportedly have).

These vial smelling, illiterate muslim little "men" are afraid that if women are given equal rights they'll pack up and tell these idiots to go F...off!!

When so much energy is used to keep women down, there is less energy to go forward.

This writer is sadly very mistaken in thinking Egypt "has free elections" - as shown by this Dec 20, 2012 report by AP: ASSIUT, Egypt - A campaign of intimidation by Islamists left most Christians in this southern Egyptian province too afraid to participate in last week's referendum on an Islamist-drafted constitution they deeply oppose, residents say. The disenfranchisement is hiking Christians' worries over their future under empowered Muslim conservatives. Around a week before the vote, some 50,000 Islamists marched through the provincial capital, Assiut, chanting that Egypt will be "Islamic, Islamic, despite the Christians." At their head rode several bearded men on horseback with swords in scabbards on their hips, evoking images of early Muslims conquering Christian Egypt in the 7th Century. They made sure to go through mainly Christian districts of the city, where residents, fearing attacks, shuttered down their stores and stayed in their homes, witnesses said. The day of the voting itself on Saturday, Christian voting was minimal — as low as 7 per cent in some areas, according to church officials. Some of those who did try to head to polling stations in some villages were pelted by stones, forcing them to turn back without casting ballots, Christian activists and residents told The Associated Press this week.

No surprise that the Muslim Brotherhood is leading the charge against women's rights. They are committed to hard core ultra-conservative Sharia law. Their stated goal is to impose conservative Sharia law over all lands from Spain to Indonesia, which would mean the end of women's rights in all those areas. Here are some highlights from their wik! page:The Brotherhood's credo was and is, "Allah is our objective; the Quran is our law, the Prophet is our leader; Jihad is our way; and death for the sake of Allah is the highest of our aspirations". The Brotherhood's English language website describes the principles of the Muslim Brotherhood as including firstly the introduction of the Islamic Shari'ah as "the basis for controlling the affairs of state and society" and secondly, work to unify "Islamic countries and states, mainly among the Arab states, and liberating them from foreign imperialism".... In the group's belief, the Quran and Sunnah constitute a perfect way of life and social and political organization that God has set out for man. Islamic governments must be based on this system and eventually unified in a Caliphate. The Muslim Brotherhood's goal, as stated by Brotherhood founder Hassan al-Banna was to reclaim Islam's manifest destiny, an empire, stretching from Spain to Indonesia.... On the issue of women and gender the Muslim Brotherhood interprets Islam conservatively. Its founder called for "a campaign against ostentation in dress and loose behavior", "segregation of male and female students", a separate curriculum for girls, and "the prohibition of dancing and other such pastimes ... "... The Muslim Brotherhood is a movement, not a political party, but members have created political parties in several countries, such as the Islamic Action Front in Jordan and Hamas in Gaza and the West Bank and the newly created Freedom and Justice Party in Egypt. These parties are staffed by Brotherhood members but kept independent from the Muslim Brotherhood to some degree, ....

This article states: "But the strength of the Brothers' reaction is a reminder that just because a country has free elections, or is trying to build a more democratic system, its leaders won't necessarily be interested in liberal values more broadly understood."Sorry, but Egypt did NOT have "free elections" - precisely BECAUSE the Muslim Brotherhood used violence and intimidation to fix the elections and the recent voting on a Constitutional referendum.For example, here is a report from Dec 20, 2012 by AP, showing how Islamists used violence and intimidation to force through the Sharia law Constitution (only 32% turnout thanks to these thug tactics).ASSIUT, Egypt - A campaign of intimidation by Islamists left most Christians in this southern Egyptian province too afraid to participate in last week's referendum on an Islamist-drafted constitution they deeply oppose, residents say. The disenfranchisement is hiking Christians' worries over their future under empowered Muslim conservatives. Around a week before the vote, some 50,000 Islamists marched through the provincial capital, Assiut, chanting that Egypt will be "Islamic, Islamic, despite the Christians." At their head rode several bearded men on horseback with swords in scabbards on their hips, evoking images of early Muslims conquering Christian Egypt in the 7th Century. They made sure to go through mainly Christian districts of the city, where residents, fearing attacks, shuttered down their stores and stayed in their homes, witnesses said. The day of the voting itself on Saturday, Christian voting was minimal — as low as 7 per cent in some areas, according to church officials. Some of those who did try to head to polling stations in some villages were pelted by stones, forcing them to turn back without casting ballots, Christian activists and residents told The Associated Press this week.Egypt is so unbelievably in the stone age. Males have rights and women must put up with the low life #$%$. Women can easily find out how low the males are. A shame for the real men.

Hey Muslims, what do you think, are women second class citizens to be used and abused by men? Come on, let me hear your thoughts?

What about single women?  Who have to hold down jobs, pay bills and actually go shopping alone.  I guess they just sell her to another man?  I mean what happens when her husband dies?

Egypt should be afraid that their women might realize that they have value and deserve to be treat as a person and not property.  The only religion I know that condones beating your wife.

oh hell...lets just give them more F-16's and Abrahms tanks! they seem like a reasonable bunch!

muslim bro's also warn that fornicating with anything but another man, sheep, or camel could lead to HETROSEXUALITY, which would be an affront to mohammad the pedophile.

It all started with the perverted child molester Mohamed the alleged prophet of Islam. He is the one who fantasized with a 9 year old child girl (Aisha) and had sex with her. He is the one who told the Muslim men to beat their wives up and veil them. Mohamed told his followers that Women are surrounded by devils and three things nullify prayers for a Muslim, these three things are the dog, the pig and the woman. Mohamed taught his followers that the voice of a woman is like a sexual organ that has to be only heard by her husband and Mohamed taught the Muslims that they can marry up to 4 women at a time and divorce them at any time in addition to countless concubines. So the lusty devil Mohamed is the reason behind the humiliation of women in Islam and noting can cure this except by ignoring Mohamed's teachings.

Islamic primates have a few thousand years of catching-up to do.

Hate, murder, discrimination and slavery are not "cultural beliefs" - they are heinous crimes.  All attempts by Islamists to make these crimes morally and legally OK if committed by Muslims must be resisted with everything we have.

No Islam, know peace.Know Islam, no peace.Why do some men, Islamic and otherwise, fear women so much -- or have such severe inferiority complexes -- that they insist on making women pieces of property or walking vaginas instead of equal human beings?

Having "free" elections does not make a society democratic. The muslim brotherhood has shown it's true face once again as a despotic group for a society strictly controlled by males for their own pleasure. Nothing has changed since mohammed constructed this series of laws for the pleasure and control of men over women and infidels.

This is a wakeup call for the women voters in Egypt. Vote this fool out or you will never be able to vote again.

Imagine that..and we still send money to these terrorists!

Who are  Muslims-----Read the Koran-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------"Allah permits you to shut them in separate rooms and to beat them, but not severely. If they abstain, they have the right to food and clothing. Treat women well for they are like domestic animals and they possess nothing themselves. Allah has made the enjoyment of their bodies lawful in his Qur'an." Tabari IX:113“Slay the unbelievers wherever you find them.” Koran 2:191“Make war on the infidels living in your neighborhood.” Koran 9:123“When opportunity arises, kill the infidels wherever you catch them.” Koran 9:5“Any religion other than Islam is not acceptable.” Koran 3:85“The Jews and the Christians are perverts; fight them.” Koran 9:30“Maim and crucify the infidels if they criticize Islam” Koran 5:33“The infidels are unclean; do not let them into a mosque.” Koran 9:28“Punish the unbelievers with garments of fire, hooked iron rods, boiling water; melt their skin and bellies.” Koran 22:19“Do not hanker for peace with the infidels; behead them when you catch them.” Koran 47:4“The unbelievers are stupid; urge the Muslims to fight them.” Koran 8:65“Muslims must not take the infidels as friends.” Koran 3:28“Terrorize and behead those who believe in scriptures other than the Qur’an.” Koran 8:12“Muslims must muster all weapons to terrorize the infidels.” Koran 8:60“… I will cast terror into the hearts of those who disbelieve. Therefore strike off their heads and strike off every fingertip of them.” Koran 8:12Again-- this is the same Koran the Muslims in Canada, the US, and Europe are reading.  Egypt's Muslim brotherhood base their laws on these writtings.

Egypt used to have an open society till Islam came along. Bet they have a hard time reconciling their history of Queens and the power of women in the past with what they want to do today.

Yeah they sound "terrified".  Maybe it's supposed to be the other way around.

Islamic men get really mad when you take away their right to rape and abuse.  So do a lot of other men around the world, it would seem.

The Egyptians did not get an Arab spring but more of a terrible sand storm when they allowed the Muslim Brotherhood to take over.

And to think Your Barack Obama is giving these sphincters 100 billion dollars from the U.S. taxpayer....God bless you Barack.I think the muslim women should form a muslim womanhood and give back to the muslim male population what they have been dishing out to them for hundreds of years. Me thinks you have them running scared gals, because who would they hide behind then?

Why is Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood so afraid of women?

Husseins brothers!!!

I notice it said in Egypt a woman who has a son out of wedlock would be able to demand the father of the child help take care of him.  Does that also apply if they have a girl out of wedlock??  How can women not be important or have any rights??  We're the only way human life is able to continue.  Seems really stupid for barbaric, simple minded men to take us for granted.

If your a woman and you do not stand up for the abuse of your sisters, then you are under no circumstances any form of religoues person. Many facets of Islam is insane, cruel to women.

Got want ya wanted Egypt??.

And Obama and the Democrats will side with the Muslim Brotherhood like they always do.

apocalyptic consequences for treating women like autonomous human beings?  considering 'apocalypse' means an uncovering or a revealing, perhaps it's true - a revealing of truth, the uncovering of an ignorance fiercely guarded by strong cries citing tradition as justification for oppression

but we are sending money, tanksand fighter jets these same muslim brotherhood that wants to kill us, that is theSTUPIDEST THING THIS ADMINISTRATION has done so far, who is running this country?  what is our foreign policy? why are we sending money and weapons to our enemies?  in case you haven't noticed i think we are broke andgiving anything to our enemies should be treason

Welcome to the 21st century, Muslim morons!How broken is this world that we have to have a declaration against violence against women.  Even more problematic is that in many cases women are involved with violence and exploitation of women.

B. Hussein has been in favor of those Muslim brotherhoods

What a unholy religion.

Wonder why they are "riled" up, Yahoos?  Perhaps they really do not like women? Which is not to say that they are fashion designers who want women to be sterile. skinny and look like little boys, but still they do not fundamentally like women.  I'll go farther: they hate and fear women and act accordingly.  How else explain the behavior?

You know if this was 150 years ago America and the muslim bros would be in agreement on this issue. But its not 150 years ago.

Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt is no good for mankind in 21st century and specially for women. Theytreat women as their house slaves.

"Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood issued a statement warning of apocalyptic consequences if a proposed document addressing violence against women is adopted by the UN."---I wonder what they will do? Jump on camels and attack UN?---

Makes me sick that the Vatican joined them on their tirade. Then again, most things the Vatican does makes me sick.

"Muslim Hood" would be just right for Middle-Ages.

And who gave these F/K king crazy jihad loving wife beaters 200 M-1 tanks and a gaggle of F-16s? That be Obama. We should have flushed that order down the toilet but he loves him some Muslim Brotherhood!The Religion of Peace wants to enslave women worldwide.  Grow a pair, UN.

Where did all of the true Greeks go ?  Who let arabs take over such a legendary place in the worlds history ?  I went to college with a Greek kid straight from Athens in 1977.  He was so proud of his history and ancestory.  Are more european countries falling into arab hands ?

Egypt Iran Russia and Vatican. Never thought I would see all of those on the same side of anything.

And the liberal US News Media were touting the Arab Spring as a Great victory for Democracy...Then they called out the Republcans for a so called "war on women".They got thier enemes confused.

The world is going backwards ... Guess it's not so enlightened after all as most of us have been led to think it is.  I wonder if the NEW POPE is behind the viewpoint.  If so he is no better than the last one who assisted in the abuse.  If so it will DIE completely.

and just why are we sending Egypt tanks and money? I have no clue.

if my daughter ever even went on a date with a middle eastern man, he would have to go away and never be found again.

The weight of history is in favor of the rights of human beings equally without regard to sex, race, religion, the way you look, live your life, or status - unless you live in Bloomberg's NY City.

Meanwhile in America it will soon be illegal to own a 32oz soda.....

Muslims are the most intolerant hate filled people. And then they cry about their phony Islamaphobia.John Kerry is giving the Muslim Brotherhood $250 Million. The democrat war on women continues.Disarm them and let them get raped in America and abroad.

Yeah...the Muslim Brotherhoodlums are all terrified that their wives will say that fateful word, NO! So keep your legs crossed Muslim ladies and your men will come begging.

Long live humanity, long live human rights. Up, up, and up.

Women might have been safer under Hosni Mubarak and a secular Egyptian state where rape could be called a crime without involving the old Muslim religious rival factions.

The Brothers on the hood, naturally do not want guarantees of just treatment for women to be placed upon them, these piles of dung rank women in the same league with non Muslims, non Brother Muslims, and anyone who disagrees with them. The truth is never afraid of openess and light, only deceit thrives in opression.

Obama should fit right in with his own "war on women". Women in the W.H. STILL earn 18% less than their male counterparts. Of course, Obama also said he would support Sharia Law to be used in U.S. where muslims are concerned. So much for AMERICA.

Hard to believe that Egypt is the same country that Hypatia lived in 1600 years ago. Just goes to show you how religion can so thoroughly screw up a country and its people.

Don't breed hate...  or in this case, millions of them.

How dare someone tell those wonderful, religious Muslim Brotherhood thugs that it's not ok to go out and gang rape women in Tahir Square in order to stop them from protesting."Third World" is way too good of a description of any place like that sand pit.

The Muslim Brotherhood, and their ideological sympathizers (i.e. most of the Islamic world) would have you believe that "God" created one half of mankind solely to be the slaves of the other half. Christianity at its worst has never been as purely anti-woman as Islam.To retaliate, the Muslim men can avoid all contact with women and marry their goats.

no government will be happy until all out war

Heaven forbid that women should deserve the same dignity and respect that men do. The Muslims had better wake up, women are their equal, and sometimes their superior, and you won't be able to bully them once they wise up. Be afraid, be very afraid.

The savages want the status to be Quo....who would have thought.

All this and Obama STILL sends Egypt support and money. Wonder what his REAL stance on womens rights are?

All of my encounters with Middle Eastern men have been unpleasant, to put it mildly, In retrospect, I think they resented my freedom, and were trying to put me in my place.

And Obama gave these "women-loving" mongrel 16 top of the line Air Force Jets, 200 top line tanks and 250 million... what a putz.

kinda ironic, obama and the libs have promoted the muzzy brotherhood at every chance, often to the detrement of America, yet these throwbacks are now revealing their true nature,  hey you obama kool aid drinkers  are you feeling stupid yet?

The UN notwithstanding, here's an idea:How about if we leave this old rock to the misogynistic males of the two-legged species, and when NASA finds that new rock for us, ALL females and decent males of the species can move and create a true paradise. That way, these Whacko Looney Muslim males along with other female haters can all live happily together. Islam is anti-female as is the RC church (the Vatican teaming up here is NO surprise to me!) they'll have to screw each other

Has the industrial nations and most of the other countries that support women --- crumbled and fallen.....These guys are idiots....In any country.  Including the US.  Have there own rights and laws of how women are treated.  but in Arab countries.  They have religion that is very strict on women and punishes them if they wonder off that kind of doctrine.  What the UN has try to do.  Is give a guide on how they should.  Treat there women.  Sadly many in the Muslim world and in Russia too.  Will not follow this at all.

Only the women of the brotherhood can turn their lives around..Only they can stand and take their place..They will have to grow a back bone and rise up against these religious nuts..Only then will things change for them..

The Brotherhood doesn't want this because they don't see women as equals.  Heaven forbid if a wife tells her husband no.  Astounding that people still live in the dark ages.

You got to be kidding. The UN has no teeth.

Wheres the outrage from the Liberals and Womens groups as well as civil rights groups..Oh Obama loves muslims so muslims can not possibly mistreat women so these groups won't say a thing against this.

Step up to the plate Islam, and give us you explaination why Islamic men are so terrified of women's rights... you rapist clowns.

Lets not forget, less than a 100 years ago, women in the United States had little to no rights. They did not even have the right to vote. So even though the Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood claim is completely asinine and ludicrous, you have to frame it in the context of religious theocrats, not in the context of American modern "free" society.Put it this way, The Muslim Brotherhood and the Ultra Orthodox Jews of Israel, who demand that women sit at the back of bus and spit on women who wear clothes they deem inappropriate, would see eye to eye on this issue. Why? Because they both share worldviews based on the scriptures, not on rational or logic.

Some people might remember that in the United States in the 1970s there were all sorts of weird things being said by conservatives about the Equal Rights Amendment. I was just a kid but I remember being against it because they said eventually boys and girls would have to use the same bathroom (really).

You I's who imprison, torture, and behead those who preach the gospel of Jesus and Buddha are eternally damned!!! Your victims are eternally sanctified!!! Islam is the "religion" of SATAN!!! ALL of you who bow to MECCA and pray to SATAN, i.e., ALLAH are going to HELL!!!!

Not so surprising when you consider the fact that islam was founded by a mass murderer and a pedophile who took women whose husbands he had murdered as his concubines.The ignorance in the name of religion knows no bounds!I thought the UN had outlawed slavery - not allowing women these rights is nothing more than slavery.  When will the UN start to demand the end to female slavery and back it up with force?  It is something they would do if it were happening to Christians or Swiss or Africans but the UN hesitates to do it for women?!!!!!!

1.  Like any muslim nation is going to abide by anything the UN says.2.  The UN has ignored all the human rights violations from Muslims in the past and will continue to do nothing about them.

The governments opposed to this UN document are of the mindset that women are a lower animal form than men, kind of how slave owners felt about their slaves.

Obama will veto any UN resolution that offend the Muslim Brotherhood. This is the organization Obama and his.....who know what, Hillary supported against Murbarak who have been our long time friend and ally until he got thrown under the bus. Who cares about women's right in Egypt!!

Now if those lovely muslims would stop cutting off heads and screwing guys butts when they kill you we might have something here.

IF the attitudes of the Muslim Brotherhood doesn't convince anyone there is a Satan, then NOTHING will.Of all creatures on Earth, only ONE despises it's own females. ONLY the human race.

Islamic Brotherhood is good with it as long as they can continue to castrate, stone, berate, and rape their women.

Hit a nerve, did they?  This should be interesting!

And thats why EGYPT is going to fall AGAIN. NO GOD gave any rights to ENSLAVE WOMEN.  That's a Made Up Law Man Created to Self Appoint themselves Dominant.

"warned that the UN is seeking to place the right to decide when to work or where to travel in the hands of women, rather than their husbands" ---   Errr... yes. Exactly. Your point, you ignorant savage?    Muslims, the world would be so much better off without them.   Earth may be overun, but one day lets hope we can leave this planet and make it illegal for anyone to take one of them off with us.  Then nuke the site from orbit, only way to be sure... ;-)Well this seems rather obvious - cut off all foreign aid and assistance (military, humanitarian, etc) if Egypt leaders do not comply with UN mandates. And Form a Muslim Sisterhood immediately, that focuses on the women and children who will become the future of that country.  After these useless and self-serving dictators die off or get voted out of office, the better educated Egyptians will revise an antiquated system that holds back the possibility of brilliant women in the field of medicine, politics, education, etc.  Stop denying women their own opportunities.  And stop using religion as an excuse to control women's rights.

throwing acid onto women and girls doesn't phase them, but this report terrifies the Muslim Brotherhood. Separation of church and state, that's not happening in the Muslim world.

Bottom line, women in Egypt are cooked. This line about finding common cause with Russia, Iran and the Vatican is unnecessary and stupidly inserted here. I am not aware of women being kidnapped and raped in the Vatican or in Russia...

Obama is a strong defender of the Muslim Brotherhood. If you are a not so bright woman who voted for Obama, sorry, but you deserve what you voted for. Obama's actions and words have never been the same.

no suprise they thrive on violence and harming the inocent, women, and children.

I HATE I's, I HATE the MB!!!!! I LOVE MY WIFE!!! I HONOR HER!!! I LOVE JESUS!!! I WORSHIP GOD WHO IS THE SUN, THE ALPHA. THE OMEGA. THE BEGINNING AND THE END OF ALL LIFE ON THIS EARTH!!!! You are NOTHING MB and I's! GOD is ALL!!!

The call for equal rights for women is not really based on any particular culture; it's based on science. There is no scientifically valid reason why women should not receive the same education and be treated exactly the same under the law and be eligible to work at any job they are capable of doing. Opposition is based quite simply on men being unwilling to give up special privileges, and also on age old superstitions and prejudices.

What the UN needs to do is draft a resolution allowing and encouraging all Muslim women to immigrate to a country of their choice while banning Muslim men from immigrating anywhere and also making a law with capital punishment from allowing Muslim men from having sexual intercourse with any woman.

They're opposed to the "intellectual and cultural invasion of Muslim countries." -- Do they really think they're better off without those traits?

Actually, I am an American and I am concerned about another war.  The U.N. obviously has fantasies of enforcing its culture in Egypt.  It would want American troops to do all the fighting and dying."... married man who rapes his wife would face the same legal risks as if a stranger had raped the woman..."This is clearly a crime, but to think that,  "The Muslim Brotherhood of Egypt has teamed up with Iran, Russia, and the Vatican to oppose a UN draft proposal on reducing violence against women .."    DID I read "THE VATICAN" ???   You mean all the catholic leaders do not think that rape is not rape if you are married to that women?WOW....But then again, those priests who molested altar boys have yet to be punished.Wonder what Jesus would say to all this. Or in case of the muslims, wonder what their profit would say to this mess.

If the Muslim Brotherhood is against it, so is Obama.  He doesn't believe in equal pay, just look at his staff.  Men make more for the same job.  There are also very few women on his staff, quite the opposite of what everyone made fun of Romney about.

Did Obama think about this when he recently gave Muslim Brotherhood-led Egypt $200 million dollars?  Of course not, Obama has only an irresponsible perspective.  He loves to spend and give other people's money away, and that's why we have the biggest federal debt ever.

"The Brothers, who propelled President Mohamed Morsi to power, warned that the UN is seeking to place the right to decide when to work or where to travel in the hands of women, rather than their husbands; that a married man who rapes his wife would face the same legal risks as if a stranger had raped the woman; or that a woman who had a son out of wedlock could make the same demands on the father as if she were married to him."---------------------------------------------------------------------------------So what exactly are you warning us about?  What you describe is exactlt the way things ought to be.

Muslim Brotherhood a bunch of insecure men,give women rights they are also human beings??? A bunch of uneducated pieces of cra . Muslims are so s o stupid I can't believe the world would let these people live??

Maybe Egypt should get their money from Russia then if they agree on so much. Save the US some $

"The Muslim Brotherhood issued a statement warning of apocalyptic consequences if a proposed document addressing violence against women is adopted by the UN"???Radical Islam never likes being told they can't back-hand their women.

A few years ago we had an exchange student (male of course) spend the year at our neighbors house.  His views on women were appalling.  But the girls in my town, my daughter included, changed his mind.  He arrived thinking that women were second class citizens, and he left knowing that women were as smart as he was, as fast as he was and as strong as he was.  He even said yes when my daughter invited him to the prom.I wish the some of those Muslim men would get their heads out of their #$%$ and realize the same thing.

So you add the Vatican in this list who oppose women's rights, just because they disagreed with the part of the document that pushed global access to abortion? That doesn't make them the Saudis or Muslim Brotherhood who don't want women to be able to freely move about in society or make their own decisions

Time for a Muslim Sisterhood.woman of egypt stand and take your place in society..Let your voices be heard for your daughters sake..Do not let know man tell you you have to be treated as a slave..Do not let know man tell you ..Your beneath them...

"Yesterday Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood issued a statement warning of apocalyptic consequences if a proposed document addressing violence against women is adopted by the UN." Doesn't that just tell all?  AND they cry crimes against humanity in Israel.  That's just laughable.  My guess is that any Egyptian woman would love to be an Israeli citizen to avoid a clitoral butchering, and torture by their husbands.

This dictatorial regime is being backed by our dictatorial regime.  And we conservatives are waging 'war on women'?

"The Muslim Brotherhood of Egypt has teamed up with Iran, Russia, and the Vatican..."Now THAT's a phrase I never thought I'd see! What the...!

They simply confirm what they are??!! Stone Age buffoons..........dangerous Stone Age buffoons!! Thanks, Barak, for supporting this band of idiots.................................Now they have M1 Tanks and F16s too. Great job Washington??!!

what's laughable is all the nutjobs here in the united states demanding we embrace, accept, tolerate, encourage the freedom and spread of islam --------bottom line - support islam translates DIRECTLY to supporting the killing of all gays/lesbians,   torturing and murdering any woman who is raped,   kill all non-muslimsyou're either for, or against

MUSLIMS SUCK

and THESE are the WEIRDBEARD Throwbacks to the fourteenth century that the "Prezzz" and his Commie Cronies wanted to have RULE of Egypt?!!!!AND YOU LIBTARD MORON'S KEPT HIM IN POWER HERE?!!!!!is it ANY wonder that YOU'RE CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS are being DESTROYED!SIC SEMPER TYRANNUS!!!!!!

Arab men... Bullies and wimps... Time to shed the Burqa for a bikini Women of Islam...FREEDOM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The U.N. draft language is too vague as quoted. It should be limited to citing clear dangers experienced by women rather than use easily abused rights language.It could actually be cited to allow for sexual slavery under a woman's right to "decide freely and responsibly on matters related to their sexuality free of coercion." How often do we hear that pornography is a free choice for the actors and actresses and that it does no psychological harm and is a form of free speech?That type of Western rhetoric born of moral skepticism lies behind the sex trade because no pimp, no pornographer and no criminal making a profit or Western or Japanese sex tourist will admit to being morally wrong and criminally liable. Perverts even have a political  party in Belgium seeking to lower, and eventually abolish, the age of consent that arose after some horrific pedophile cases.I am all for women having the right to control their own property, to have the right to force unmarried fathers to support their children and the law in every nation should treat domestic violence the same as violence outside the household. This is true for domestic violence in same sex relationships and the much rarer violence directed against men by women.The biggest cultural issue with reproductive rights is that most of us can all agree on contraception that merely prevents ovulation or is equally the responsibility of the man (i.e. condoms) and even moral conservatives like myself recognize that abstinence does not always work due to our fallen human nature. That is as far as universal moral agreement goes because of abortion.Abortion is so controversial because many of us believe that legally protected human life begins at conception while others believe it only begins at a later stage of pregnancy or at birth. That is very much a modern expression of the conflict between Jewish and Christian morality in the ancient world and the more common Hellenistic morality that allowed for unwanted infants to be exposed to certain death.For those of us who believe that human life needing legal protection begins at implantation, which is how I interpret conception as many fertilized eggs never implant, I have no issues with contraceptions that prevent fertilized eggs from implanting but even that advocacy of the morning after pill false short of Western culture's moral skeptical advocacy of abortion under the rubric of a right to privacy.So, while I would not oppose a U.N. declaration on the rights of women and girls to be free from sexual slavery, chattel slavery, slavery within marriage and while I advocate for the rights of women and girls to have a positive and equal protection under the laws of all countries, I have issues with the vagueness of "sexuality free of coercion" because many forms of sexuality are not freely chosen when poverty or emotional control forces a woman or girl into pornography, prostitution or an arranged marriage to a man old enough to be her grandfather.I also advocate for the rights of the unborn who are developing in their mother's wombs. Right now, society places the decision solely in the hands of the women under rhetoric that it is her sexuality, her body or her privacy but when another life is at stake then the law has always recognized that individual rights must be modified to account for all actors.Why is Islam so frightened of women?

what kind of Dbag would rally against this?

Muslims have seen what women's lawyers have done to western men &amp; they are very afraid

Aren'these the same guys Obama just gave 200 million of hard earned taxpayer money too

Things are not always as they are presented.Read the document.Read a bunch of UN documents.It is eye opening.

Come on! Islamic Law doesn't give one IOTA about what goes on with women in the muslim world. Women are nothing in this religion and the treatment they received is terrible, and lets not talk about the girls there. Islam religion is for two things become muslim or die. that's it. nothing else matter no negotiations.

Yep. Islam is the religion of peace. Just ask any suicide bomb victim.

Lets you know what Barack Obama thinks about women's rights doesn't it. He is a member of the Muslim Brotherhood so I am sure he holds the same views. He just uses deception and lies to pretend he is for womens rights.

Tell the women to cut their pee-pee off

everything the u.n. touches turns to #$%$ so this should be no different.Ahhh, the arab spring, the smell of freedom and democracy is in the air, unless you are a woman. Then the reality is institutionalized discrimination.

slowly things are changing, very slowly

The un-holy 4.

Yeah.  I'm sure they're shaking in their sandals....

Why was the Muslim Brotherhood riled up??  Duh, they're a bunch of abusive #$%$ and they know it.  They just don't want anything getting in the way of their power over women in that society.

While the intentions of the UN might be noble, what really gives them the right to tell the rest of the world what to do?  No one really listens to them about "important stuff," they sure won't pay any attention to the rights of woman.

Liberal women; take note!!!

Obviously the muslim's men are very insecure .

stop giving them aid..already

Why are we so excepting of the Muslim faith yet bash Christianity in this country?  The Muslims do not follow the same morals of our society yet we are forced to be more excepting of them? This country is so backwards.Egyptian women had a lot more freedom before the Obama adm. helped the Muslim Brotherhood overthrow the government.  Now he has sent fighter jets and tanks to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt.  The U.S. also sends them billions of dollars that we have to borrow from China because we are broke.  We still do not know why the Obama administration left the Ambassador and the other Americans in Benghazi to be murdered.Instead of national defense, our government is at war with the NRA and Christians who do not want tax money used to pay for abortions.

Looks as if the Arab Spring has progressed into a deep and cold Islamist Winter.

and you though slavery was dead

Muslim Brotherhood, Russia, Iran and the Vatican - another holy see axis of evil thing - how does that phrase go about being known by the company that you keep?

The catholics team up with the muslim brotherhood to oppose a bill to stop violence against wemon. This should tell people something.

Give the women some arsenic to feed their goat lovers

They sound like a bunch of scaredy cats to me.  Stop giving them money then if they want to continue to abuse women.

The Muslim Brotherhood are so scard of women because they arn't getting sex at home. Just get rid of them once and for all. This is what Islamic law is and Obama say's we are to respect them!   Tell Obama GO TO HEL!

These freaks want to keep on raping and beating women. Come on UN all people deserve equality and men are longer the superior species.

Irony. We are peaceful so don't try to stop us beating our women or we will BLOW up the PLANET! Does anyone else find this hilarious?Makes me wonder about the "short falls" of the males in the muslim brotherhood.

Oh the horror of it.  Equal rights for women.  And then same-sex marriage.  OMG.  Armageddon must be just around the corner.

what the Bro's don't like their playground being invaded? All the mooohamids will not like having to treat Women on a equal basis. Nor will the like having their punching bags removed....bunch of coward #$%$ getting bent.

When all is said and done the effect of the UN resolution would be - nothing at all.  No matter whether you agree or disagree with them, religious laws are not the business of the UN.

Muslim Brotherhood "Freedom and Justice" party? Aren't Muslim and Freedom oximorons?

Bring the idiots over here, tie them to a tree and let us westernized woman beat the #$%$ out of them!!!!

Secular rational logic against mythology...no chance of intellect surviving in this world of morons.

I disagree with the Sharia Law, especially the one about inheritance. Women get less than men? That religious theory is throwing out of the window and I am glad.

The Muslim Bros ought to go away for a weekend on Mars, whereupon the advanced peoples of the Earth can remotely blow up their spacecraft and leave them to petition Allah for a ride home. NOT!

A few points here..First, OBAMA supports the "Brotherhood", he gave them millions of dollars and FIGHTER JETS!.. So if they enjoy the laws that put women down, it seem Obama is FINE with that, hmm.. he must hate women here in the US as well cause he wants to take their guns away.Second, now.. I HATE the UN, they have NO RIGHT to tell ANY country how to run their OWN country, not ours, not any ones..Third.. I hate the UN.. and I dislike most Muslim countries.. but .. Leave us alone, we'll leave you alone.. screw with us, we'll blow your country off the map.they are the ones whos gonna start world war 3 - this group of people you see here known the muslim brotherhood - they are gonna be the starters of the war along with iran

Of course, it scares them. They are never ready to respect human rights. Never.

Islamic women are slaves. Slavery in any form needs to be abolished. Hope I didn't step on BO's toes.

if the Vatican is good with this I will denounce catholisism,what would Mary, the mother of God think.

One more nail in the coffin of the Catholic Church!!!

Sounds like rules made by some very insecure men

islam the religion of cave men.

They treat their women like garbage, they just want to continue that.Screw Russia!!!

All religions are nothing but a bunch of old boys' clubs...yawn...

Men who think it is their "Right" to beat a woman, or anyone, are not going to make it in the 21st century, nor are the people they "lead".I've always been fond of UN documents on the vagina.

Men have been scared of women since Adam and Eve. It must have something to do with mother issues..... well not in Adam's case because he was created, but you know Eve "forced" him to eat the fruit and all :-)  Wait, maybe it isn't mama issues but that men know women are smart and men don't want to clean the house because it's dull, unpaid work so they had to make up the subservient law (can't question God you know.....) The God I know and love would not be happy with men beating women and not letting them reach their full potential. It's only a matter of time before all of the worlds women are free and they have long memories.

Tell me again why we are giving money we suposedly don't have (probably another loan from China) to Muslim Brotherhood. (Sarcasim)

Obama supports the muslim brotherhood. Enough said!

Dan Murphy your article subheadline mentions Russia and the Vatican. I read the article looking for: Why is Russia and the Vatican were in agreement with the Brotherhood?No mention--that's deceit. Are all your articles misleading?

You know, the entire civilized world would support Muslim women if they formed a Muslim Sisterhood and told their so-called men to get their feet off their necks.

Obama hates women's rights!  He just gave $250,000,000 to these radical Islamic terrorists who subjugate their "own" woman.

Humm?, Funny how the Vatican is insupport of Egypt opposing the UN's efforts to promote and protect the human rights of all women and girls.

So the Muslim brotherhood are a bunch of woman beatersWho can't get their own way pathetic religious clowns!!!!

so then tell me why are we helping the Wahabis against Assad in syria.  Assad would accept this document.  And we know 100% the saudi backed wahabis trying to topple him wont.I was once under the control of a man, later in life I learnt he was *No Man* just another money hungry control freak with a very large ego that knew no bounds..................now I am *free* and would have it no other way.   I let no man in my life unless it suits *me* and I am the only one controlling my life now.  Men will always want to control and intimidate women because men are basically very insecure and scared of women.

How have the Muslim people devolved so much? There was a time when European women had zero rights and they persecuted anyone who wasn't Christian. They had hardly any bright minds and were behind the rest of the world. Mean while in places such as the Ottoman Empire and Muslim countries in general they had preserved the knowledge of the Romans before them. They were highly intelligent in contrast to the Europeans and provided equal treatment to all religions and gave women substantially more rights than the Europeans. What happened to them? I guess they didn't really devolve, they just stopped evolving.

You should see faces of Arabs at work when they are being told that their new boss will be a woman.

Ya gotta love a culture/religion that thinks it is ok to shoot little girls for wanting an education.Women over there ought to start cutting off the naughty bits of those who are repressing them .

It's terrifying to think that women may soon be equal by international standards?Really?I think the best thing for Egypt would be is if the UN went in, took the men out of power, put all women in their places and then made a 28 year period of time where men have to be secondary to women.  Perhaps even by the same standards the men want the women to be secondary to them.Betcha in those 28 years, the women would heal near or all of their countries woes.

i enjoy and love women. Why do these fanatical inch muslims even get married?

the filthy, lazy muzzlims are scared to death they might have start doing some of the work instead of making the poor women do it all while they sit around drinking coffee and plotting who to blow up next. they have a good thing going for themselves and won't give it up easily. as long as they continue to convince young children at the earliest age, that women are worthless, it will continue.

Two years ago, women in both Egypt and Libya enjoyed most, if not all of these rights. Not anymore.

Damn women always wanting to be treated like human beings and stuff...What a bunch of sand dwelling #$%$.

Muslim Brotherhood has no place in the 21st century. If you don't have the intelligence and common decency to treat another human being like you would want to be treated, then there is something very, very wrong.Pay attention to the Muslim Brotherhood when they say things like this.  This is who they are.

"equal enjoyment" of rights regarding property and inheritance, conflicts with the Brothers' interpretation of Islamic law"who can argue with the wisdom of Islam?

The real war on woman...backed fully by the Obama administration. Just look up all his comments in regards to the Muslim Brotherhood.

And these are the guys we helped put in power. Great job western world. Now, shut up and suffer the consequences of your actions.

Muslim Brotherhood...Obama's new best friends.

Does anyone follow or believe anything the UN proposes?

Seriously, when do we modernists get to nuke these medievals? Someday soon...

Imbeciles on this board still going on and on and on with the "Obama is a muslim" #$%$. Do we have to take your word for it? Because what you have for evidence is ZERO. Why has he gone to war against so many of them if he's a muslim? Why does he eat pork, drink beer (and brew it), let his wife and daughters speak freely and show their legs in public, and why isn't he bowing in prayer five times a day if he's a muslim? He supported the Arab Spring because there was no stopping it! What, would you have sent in half a million American ground troops to prop up Mubarak??? Yeah, you imbeciles probably would have! The Muslim Brotherhood is not the only political force in Egypt, and they have troubles of their own. Are there going to be Islamic influences in Egypt's government? Well, I hate to break this to you, but it's Egypt! Okay? It's in the Arab world. Mubarak and all the governements over there had to at least pay some tribute to Islamic clerics. That's how it is there, but it's not that way here. Obama is not out to "Islamacize" you.

Before they enact this they should allow the men the right to "opt out" of the marriage. None of my business but these people lived this way for years and who am I to tell them different ? The American family has been destroyed by liberals and look what it did to our country.....

Every one know The Muslim Brotherhood wants to go back to the 7th century. Was not right, just different. They live in a dream world!Obama and Kerry continue to SUPPORT these terrorists, dictators. They gave $250 million MORE of US taxpayers money in aid this week. On top of the 20-F16's and Abrams tanks this year, just before the sequester started, which Obama GAVE (DONATED) them.Now it is becoming clear of what Obama, his minions, supporters and voters are.TREASONOUS, TERRORISTS.

When the next presidential elections role around and liberals complain about the mythical "war on women", to scare and manipulate the dumb(liberal women), to vote against the good of the country, they should be glad they dont live in the middle east.

Yes, yes, the religion of 'peace' is going to go ballistic if they can't beat their women!!! Islam is a FARCE and a danger to ALL humanity.

and we're part of the UN why???  disgusting parasites...

The brotherhood of pims....they want  their woman, pregant and at home...what a bunch of idiots with the mentality of year one.  They are so #$%$ with their religion that they use it to impose their "macho" attitude on their wives, sisters, and mother. Instead of respect to them...they act like major pims that think their "macho" thing is the only way to go.  Too bad for the females of that country that have to put up with this sexual (-10) IQ mentality.  This thing has been going for centuries..and hope that the day will come when they will hang from tree by their family jewels until they drop to the ground without them.

YUP. This is ALL OBONGO'S DOING, it is HIS RESPONSIBILITY , and it is HIS SofS that said it is an EMERGENCY that we MUST give these loonybird CAVEMEN $250MILLION.

i agree lipton just bomb the hell out of the middle east and then we can start all over again hopefully with people who have brains and some kind of education

all countrys &amp; nations will get a batch of agenda 21 crammed down their throat like it or not its comeing

All religions had problems with women after all they formed from adams rib which is insane and that is a christian thing. To take any book of faith as reality is rediculous, that's why it is a book called of faith. They were all written by men and that's why god is a man. The whole concept of god the man alouds me, but being a man or a boy at the time we went right along with it. The world is changing. They even picked a jesuit as pope to help with the change. Relgious zealot days are over that's why all the violence about it all over the world. Religion is losing and most people are afraid to admit it.

The Koran/life of Mohammed treatment of women is evil,.... however, it seems to me the UN document decreases the significance of marriage.Yes Obama's Arab Spring, isn't it lovely.

The Muslim Brotherhood, Iran, Russia, and the Vatican - the Misogynist Axis of Evil.

Islam , always trying to outdo sadists . Sheesh .

after 60 years of support for dictators that crushed all sensible opposition, all there is left is Islam. what did you expect?

Jane you and Mark need to go to Egypt and burn the koran and tell them to change their ways or you will get mad

The main reason  Islamists so fanatically hate and fear the West, is not God or religion, butbecause they Know,if western values come to their countries, they are going to lose the total control and dominance they have now on their poor slave actually women. This is the REAL  reason believe me, and they are hiding it under the pretex of God and Couran, and all this #$%$.Maybe decades (if not centuries) must pass, until women in Islam rise up and DEMANDtheir rights.

Any one that thought slavery was dead hasn't studied the islamic religion. Women are property of men. Every part of their body belongs to them to use as they please, whether it's rape, incest, beating, murder, stoning it doesn't matter. They are nothing more than property with no human rights.  The elimination of this so called muslim brotherhood by any means should be a world priority. It won't stop the abuse of women, but at least it's a start.

Muslim brotherhood is a bunch of drama queens.

Last women left in Egypt get out now then they cant reproduce.

That explains the whole "Nuns on a bus" thing, The sisters must be #$%$ off about this one.According to Islam, drinking Camel's urine heals you from all types of sickness. This is because Mohamed the Prophet of Islam used to drink it. So why not use it instead of diesel, which is in a great shortage in Egypt it may very well work. We now see how the whole region reverted back to the 7th century (the beginning of the plague Islam). Mursi told his hungry Egyptians that he will offer them 3 loaves of bread to eat. This is the kind of freedom they longed for. Egyptians kept saying (Islam is the Solution). Turned out that Islam IS THE PROBLEM......

Obama's guy.....And the Libs say the Republicans have a war on women.

Don't you love the muslim brotherhood? obama does.

While I do not support the Muslim Brotherhood in any form or fashion, and I do find some of their responses quite funny, I too would have problems with agreeing to this instrument.  The principle reasons: abortion, prostitution and homosexuality.  I do not support the murder of innocent children; I don't believe that prostitution should be promoted as a viable option for little girls choosing a career; and I disagree with the  promotion of homosexuality.  In the eyes of the liberal left I am a woman hater - a misogynist.  But in truth, I see good in the document as well as bad, which makes me middle of the road.

I'm all for it, nothing wrong with equal rights for women.  The only reason these fools are b***i***t***c***h***ing is cause they would loose the right to rape, plunder, and pillage freely.  Gee wouldn't it be great if these fools got so concerned they decided to commit mass suicide?  We can only hope.

Obammy gonna send them mo of yo money

The women of Egypt can thank Hillary Clinton for helping the Muslim Brotherhood take over the country. She'll probably get a Nobel Prize for bringing them democracy.

Meanwhile,,,,,Your President is sending them over 200 M-1 Abrhams tanks, F-16 fighter jets, and 267 Billion...Waay to pick a winner.

No matter what the Muslims or other anti[woman religions think oe want woman will be equal to men. It is obvious look at the strides toward equality woman have made in Korea, Philippines, India and Southeast Asia. In Korea and Philippines most of the authority is in the hands of woman. In Vietnam the man is in charge as long as he does what he is told.

Sounds like the Obama White House treatment of womenIf the USA and Israel hadn't seriously interfered with the natural progression of Egypt over the last 55 years, Egypt would have long ago gone through this experiment and realized putting religious fundamentalists in powers a mistake and already progressed to better practices. If you don't know the history of the middle east you will not realize what oil, the cold war, and western influence have done there. All this turmoil are the chickens coming home to roost. Iraq was the tipping point, but it has been building over decades. Our money and military have, to our obscene expense, preserved an artificial situation in the middle east more tailored to the needs of the west, rather than the needs of the region. Not that all the problems there are our fault, but all of OUR problems there are our fault.

The U. N. is a giant waste of resources and $.

Actually I blame islamic women.  If they are prepared to put up with this kind of stuff, why should the rest of us bother.

Funny how Islam and Christianity are both founded on the concept of female slavery.  They'll kill each other over every other idea, but on women, they agree.  Apparently their d(i)cks aren't all they want to believe they are.  A d(i)ck is just part of a man, not the sum total.

We just can't see the forest for the trees in this country. It was already pretty obvious that this was a problem created by organized religion and not Muslim specific, BUT now that the Vatican has backed these relics of the Stone Age, it still remains a problem of the other guy here in good ol USA. Truth is : Catholics and Muslims are pretty similar in this regard.

The antichrist diregards females.The antichrist denies the "allah" of his fathers.The antichrist will turn on the people in half of his last term in office.

Just a few days prior to the Venus Transit in June 2012, a white smokey spiral was seen over the Middle East. It was a backward spiral or twisted in the opposite direction we would normally think to see. The Russians claimed it was some vague rocket of theirs spun out of control but really it was the Goddess herself announcing the Middle East would be the first place she started to clear. It was a message, a sign of the changes about to take place. Smart men will embrace those chagnes, balanced men will help usher them in, foolish men  will continue to fight true equlity to no avail.

At a time when Americans face bitter federal cutbacks. The Obama administration eagerly supports the Muslim Brotherhood.

Didn't we use to hang people that supported the enemy for treason?  Why is obama still...

Religions were and are created by man. They are meant to force many to follow the "teachings" of the few. They set up a few on the top tier who "claim" they "know what is best" yet any religion without followers would cease to exist. Men and women are both equally important in the world. Neither would exist without the other. Yet so many men feel that because they are physically bigger and stronger than most women, men should "dominate" women, because they can. There is no true reason that men should be superior, they do that with brute strength and terror. Without "religion" men would see that women are just as capable as men are. Women just choose their battles more wisely and believe that love, compassion, equality, caring, family and love are more important than killing, dominating others and bashing each others brains out over...religion.I read the laws they don't want and have to agree with them.Men got it made why screw it up with rights for the underclass.

Hahahahahaha Didn't OBAMA Just give The Muslim Brotherhood 20 F-16 fighter jets??? Now they want to use the toys we gave em on our allies? WAY TO GO OBAMA!Here's what Lockheed said about the fighters we are giving Egypt:"This is a great day for Lockheed Martin and a testament to the enduring partnership and commitment we have made to the government of Egypt," said John Larson, vice president, Lockheed Martin F-16 programs. "We remain committed to providing our customer with a proven, advanced 4th Generation multi-role fighter.""In an air combat role, the F-16's maneuverability and combat radius exceed that of all potential threat fighter aircraft," the U.S. Air Force description of the plane reads."The F-16 can fly more than 500 miles, deliver its weapons with superior accuracy, defend itself against enemy aircraft, and return to its starting point. An all-weather capability allows it to accurately deliver ordnance during non-visual bombing conditions."WOW so we gave them really really good ones to boot! Nice job Mr Commander and Chief!

I'll never get why people feel I should pay for some #$%$'s abortions and contraception.....They can buy it themselves if they choose but that is one thing the Government should not provide.

The Koran doesn't endorse, or permit violence against women or children.Muhamed didn't beat his wife, or kill and torture rape victims.Nor did Abraham, a major prophet, that Muslims study.

"It will be the end of society!" Isn't that the same argument conservatives in this country use against gay marriage? Good to see nothing ever changes, I suppose--there will always be conservatives fighting to make the world a worse place.

yeah i can see how freeing women in their countries might upset the guyz, time to pony up to the tree of retribution and instant karma. The brotherhood would be cryin like the littlle man girls that they are

If it's regressive, count on the Catholic church for support.  If it's pedophilic, blame the churchs medieval greed and deliberate cruelty to human nature as the inspiration.  Religion thrives where ignorance abounds. " Viva " South America.

where's all the blabber mouth lesbians and the self righteous NOW crowd, the women of islam are the most dominated,downtrodden,pathetic members of world society. they are taught, in childhood, BY MEN, that they are worthless and only useful to do the MEN'S bidding and procreating and nearly all the hard work.WHERE IS THE OUTRAGE FROM THE SELF SERVING FEMINIST ORGANIZATIONS WHEN IT'S NEEDED....CAN'T HEAR ONE WORD!...GET YOUR BIG BLABBER MOUTHS WORKING ON THIS FOR A CHANGE

Muslim Brotherhood are the real Gays. They hate woman period!  Like look at them! mention woman and they start acting like the titanic is sinking.  Each nation should just take the woman out of the middle east so the Muslim Gayhood can live in peace and smile at each other stroking each others beards whispering sweet somethings to each other.

So I'm thinking, make all the arab/muslim men wear iron or steel chastity belts. Only their mothers, wives or female relatives have access to the key.apocalyptic consequence if you don't do what we demand.  Sounds like muslim democracy to me.

Yeah, kick the s(-)it out of all short haired fat women you can find.

Can someone please explain the difference between Mulsim and Catholic?   Both are a thousand years old with no learning in the past thousand years.  Both have a "god" which is infallabible.  Both have a book that is used against the Constitution of the USA.  Both are completly failed.  (There is not one successful Catholic or Mulslim nation on earth).  Both oppress women.  I see no difference.

The Vatican is opposed to reducing violence against women? Did I get that right?

Another resounding affirmation of the ignorant, repressive, regressive nature of Islam and muslim society.

Is this surprising in a culture where beheading is common occurance?

Of course they won't accept it!! These psychos shoot girls who want to go to school so what do you expect!! In the middle-east it is still the middle ages in many places so one must expect a middle-age like response!!!

The plan is to have a One World Government, A New World Order.  Since New World Order was Hitler's plan...we now have a "Global Economy".  It sounds so much better!  Our "leaders" are the problem...not the people.

Basically they think that women are inferior to men. They forget the fact that all of them were given birth only by women. Even their susters are women. Many years back men did not wear any clothes. Are they not wearing clothes now? Many years back people did not have none of the modern things such as guns,computers cars . Are they not having them now? So they try to follow the old tenets only when it is convenient to them. The issue here is not religion. It is male chauvinism and dominance.

but,but,but...These are Obama's Buddies...!"Egypt has been joined by Russia, Iran and the Vatican in making strenuous objections to the proposal,..." In other words "The MUSLIMS have been joined by the RUSSIAN Orthodox church and the Catholic church in making objections to the proposal..........."

People people people.  It wasn't that long ago when women in this country were in exactly the same situation.  The Muslim Brotherhood just happens to be taking longer to get through primary school.

Hardcore fundamentalists prefer free election as a pre-text to take over the whole society socially, politically, and spiritually..........That is what religions have been doing since inception in human history, "Empire Building"

Just think ladies of the US. If Obama and Hillary put Morsi into office, Obama and Kerry continues to give aid, including tanks and F16's, it appears they support these terrorist acts and dictatorship.Deep down, Obama wants this in the US, supported by his Muslim friends that are already here.

and these are the people obama supports.( literaly )

Cut Government aid, tourism and military hardware to countries that treat women in this manner!p.s They must feel very uncomfortable when they entertain female presidents, prime ministers and Secretary-of-States from other countries but, they probably tolerate it because there's ''money'' in it!

These Terrorists are the ones that obama showers Arms and $250 Million US Tax Dollars on, He really loves these Terrorists!

instead of Mocmed or Mohomad they should ALL be bUBBA'S like say Bubba Earl Hussain Armandolbie, you get the picture, Desert Hillbillys.

Terrified???? Of the U.N.???????? You have got to be kidding.   Such strong words for such a factually weak article, but they give a heck of a  good emotional head to the weak minded.

Women need to be more constrained and less empowered by their fathers, brothers and husbands as long as they are willing to take responsibility for them. Nobody wants the worthless who res now. They are too much trouble and intractable in their evil. They wouldn't abide proper protocol when they had it, so let the Muslims continue to mutilate and honor kill them as needed.  Eventually every society will have to constrain them somehow. The Muslims have the best alternative next to killing them all at birth which become a reality someday. AT least they have some control over the problem they are and keep it constrained.It's time for a women's jihad. To claim basic human rights for themselves. No sex, housework or cooking until your country signs this treaty and abides by it. There is no religious law that should claim precedence over fundamental human rights.

Islam gets it's power by riding on the backs of women. Without their control over women, Islam cannot use it's high birth rate to take over the world by forcing women to be their breading chickens.

Countries like this should be lsited as terrorist nations and not allowed membership in the U.N.

No human being is a possession.

Obama is anti-women: his support for the MB is a matter of public record.

Why didn't the UN just try making things better for women? Of course they HAD to include homosexuality, prostitution, and abortion into the equation- they can't expect every country, culture, religion to sign off on those issues. The Vatican itself won't sign off on this, but to fault Egypt specifically is just not right.

Also terrifying to McConnell!

A more democratic system with the Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood  in charge? Give me a brake....

Muslim Brotherhood is whom our Gov. is in bed with, wake up america!!! They do not want this in the UN because if they do not change their laws against woman they will be sanctioned , bottom line these countries loose american taxpayer money!!! A whirlwind is coming in the U.S. be prepared , citizens need to wake up and take back our country and make it a great nation again because if not we will be on the news just like Greece

And the Liberal Left still embraces the reilgon of peace.Religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by rulers as useful.Senneca

the taliban hates women. the true believers of the Koran have to stand up to the militant Islamists. they will never listen to us. the taliban is killing children, blowing up girls schools.Abraham is a major prophet to the Muslims, he taught "thou shalt not kill. (yes that Abraham) he didn't say, "except those women that want to educated." The true, real Muslims have to stand up to taliban and al quida, they will never listen to us.bin ladin? ALL of his wives were well educated, one was a college professor.But the taliban wants to kill all schoolgirls? Blow up their schools, with the little girls in them?(some) Muslims are still still killing girls and women that get raped, while letting the attacker walk away? Yeah, that's right let's blame and kill the victim.Where does the Koran say it's OK to kill the victim?The militant islamists are completely ignoring any part of their own history, their own prophets, their own major religious books, that they want to.The Moderate Muslims need to take their religion back.

We the United States of America via our Government has just GIVEN the Muslim Brotherhood of Egypt 250 MILLION dollars of our tax dollar. Our elected officials have completely lost their MINDS what   brains are left. Totally outrageous conduct. Charity begins at HOME period, cannot support the world.

a statement warning of apocalyptic consequences...we will start wearing less deodorant and stop observing human rights... says their primitive terrorist leader !

The muslim brohoods need to be castrated.

what the hell is in the water they are drinking???

the hood will be destroyed by Women with freedom and power to do as they wish since they simply will not put up with their c**p.

Praise Mr. Murphy for writing articles on this subject. Criticize him for his losing his spine on a critical point. He writes at the end "To be fair, the drafters of the UN document are trying to universalize their own cultural beliefs..." That's been the defense of every government that has wanted to deny basic human rights to all or part of its citizenry since the beginning of the idea of human rights and efforts to see that such rights are also respected in places where they are not. It's a lame excuse and a betrayl to those who experience unequal treatment when made by men and women, like Mr. Murphy, who take respect for such rights for granted in the countries where they live. To go along with those who say that human rights are cultural beliefs is, on Mr. Murphy's part, moral cowardice.

Who is the Muslim BrotherHood their most famous member is Ayman al-Zawahiri Osama Bin Ladin’s right hand man the head of al-QaedaAyman al-Zawahiri is a member of the Egyptian Islamic JihadIs also a member of the Muslim Brotherhood.Some experts even suggest Zawahiri's Egyptian Islamic Jihad virtually took over al-Qaeda, when the two groups forged a coalition in the late 1990s.Born in Egypt in 1951, Ayman al-Zawahiri, comes from a middle class family of doctors and scholars.His grandfather, Rabi'a al-Zawahiri, was the grand imam of Cairo's al-Azhar university, a centre of Islamic learning in the Arab world.He was already involved in Egypt's radical Muslim community when he was arrested at the age of 15 for being a member of the outlawed Muslim Brotherhood - the Arab world's oldest fundamentalist group.Zawahiri was tried along with scores of radical Islamists for their part in the 1981 assassination of President Anwar Sadat during a Cairo military parade.He was convicted and served a three-year sentence for illegal possession of arms. After his release, he left for Saudi Arabia.Soon afterwards he headed for Peshawar and later to neighbouring Afghanistan, where he established a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad group.

A small red flag came up when the draft called for access to abortion.  I would like a little clarity on this issue.  Access to birth control such as condoms and contraceptives is one thing (since most people have no problem with these) but abortion becomes a more sensitive topic since most religions (if not all) view abortion as morally wrong.for all you liberals that keep demanding that we get out of Afghanistan or telling other nations what to do I guess you're OK with Moslems doing what they want to their own women! Why should the average American care about what happens in Egypt

Vatican too?  Hmmmmm.......

but - but - Obama likes Muslim brotherhood, they have even been his guests and he is still giving them money -- and - and he is a favorite of Liberal women.  Oh, I am so confused.

And these are the #$%$ Obama sends your tax dollars to, behind your backs.

Sandra Fluke...Egypt is calling

NO more American/china money for you,

Nuf said, when it comes to women and marriage it is great to be a Muslim Man. Female progression is: fetus --&gt; daughter --&gt; wife --&gt; property.

It is always "terrifying" to those exercising tyrannical power over others, find their powers challenged. This is especially true where the tyrants have cast their "authority" in terms of religious dogma.

This may be the first UN resolution in a long time I actually agreed with.  They are still a joke though.

So, the Vatican alligns itself with The Muslim Brotherhood in its terrorism against women, but I already know how the Catholic Church treats women, not much better than Islam.  All this proves is that men are scared shitless of women because they (men) can't seem to control their own minds and bodies when a woman comes into the room.  And they say women are the weaker sex, hah.Dare women have equal rights. Oh the tyranny of it all. Oh forbid that men should loose there high place. Look how much good they have done around the world by stimulated growth and well being with all the wars.

With their "CAVE MAN"attitude.....they will surely fail....!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Yo Folks,Is it clear to everyone now why Islam has not progressed in its philosophy towards women for more than a 1,000 years?  If no now, when?

So they are afraid of women? Hmmmmm......big bad brotherhood of sissy's. How is it that we even acknowledge this heathens as legitimate governments, and send them money too. We need to turn up the spigots on our own oil so we can shut off aid to these barbarians.

I am sure that US GOP Conservatives including their Catholic and Evangelical brethren are against this also.God forbid ( a pun) women demand equal and excellent treatment in 2013.....you fools.

And these are the people that Obama is supporting with our money.  This is crazy.

Islam, Russia, and the Vatican are all misogynistic institutions.

can we even get Israel to agree to this UN document?  I don't think so.  And that is amongst the more progressive ME country.

Believe one of our states has a law on the books thats says you can beat your wife but only once a week.

The tea baggers ought to move to Egypt - and take Akin, Mourdock and Limbaugh with them - they'd fit right in.And in further support against the War on Women....in his harshest statement ever against Egypt's oppressive government, President Obama's administration announced:U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on Sunday rewarded Egypt for President Mohammed Morsi’s pledges of political and economic reforms by releasing $250 million in American aid to support the country’s “future as a democracy.”Yet Kerry also served notice that the Obama administration will keep close watch on how Morsi, who came to power in June as Egypt’s first freely elected president, honors his commitment and that additional U.S. assistance would depend on it.This is some tough, hardhitting stuff.  It should discourage future despots, who want to do business with America, from behaving like Egypt is currently doing in the future.

It's very easy to bash Russia, the Vatican, Egypt and Iran in a cheap headline making it seem like they support violence against women but even in this one-sided article one can tell that this draft document is vague to the point of absurdity. Bad law is bad law even when it is made with good intentions..I wonder which country has the most women victims of violence, Russia, Iran, or the USA?

don't you just love Obama's people, its where you tax dollars go.

for as fearful of women that the muslamics are, they have a point on this issue. i don't agree with much of anything the muslamics do or say, but if this U.N #$%$ passes here, guess what if you thought the sexual harrassment laws were screwed up this is only going to compound it greatly. for that abuse will become present in the outside of work world as well.in the work place the woman doesn't have to have any evidence what so ever to file work place harrassment charges against a man. haven't tried filing sex harassmant charges on a woman in the work place so i don't know if it goes the same as well for the guys,, but i'm willing to bet it doesn't.now if this VAWA passes then it means for us that if a woman chooses to say to a cop taht you did something, anything to her then the cop will arrest you. no questions asked.scary really it is.and as always i could be totally uninformed on this vawa thing and not have aclue as to what i speak.

The headline should be updated to: The Muslim Brotherhood of Egypt has teamed up with Iran, Russia, and the Vatican "and the GOP" to oppose a UN draft proposal on reducing violence against women on moral grounds.

Suggested term for the M.B., Iran, Russia &amp; Vatican: the Axis of Misogyny.

And we're sending money to these people?????

It would be easier just to call the Muslim Brotherhood the Misogynistic Cavemen, being that that's what they are.

Bunch of ancient, backwards morons.  Only one place for Islam, the garbage pail.

Why are they saying the Vatican opposes this legislation.All the Muslims should go and live on Mars. they cannot coexist with people of other faith. To them women are bread and baby machine slaves and pleasure toys. Islam needs to live on a different planet.

Just more of the same possession of, and subjugation of, women miscreants who are way on the wrong side of history once again. In several more generations people will read about these morons like we study Nazi Germany today.

The idea of making women practically slave did not come from any so called God, it came from the men that wrote and made the Religious books, when I see God seat down and write it I will believe it. God law is simple it is called love. Who wrote all these religious books, it was men. If you compare Politics with Religion, you will see so many similarities because it is made by men and with power in mind.

You know it took enough ridiculous laws for people to get angry enough to start a revolution. Plus the Brotherhood should know that back in Ancient Egypt women has the same rights as men, as well as other countries in the ancient world well except countries like Rome. As history as shown, dictators like them only delay the inevitable. Also why is the Vatican helping them?

islam is a hateful,violent religon that should be banned.Any religon that has as it's core belief that people should be killed just because they don't believe the same way is wrong.And Yes,I know that people have been killed in the name of Christianity but that is not one of Christianity's core beliefs

Proof that women in the Pedophile Prophet sect are nothing more than sperm vessels and treated no better than dogs!!!

They are riled up because they are ignorant &amp; arrogant Muslim Cavemen who prefer Goat or Camel to Women. Next Question?

I can see where the potential of facing real consequences (accountability for their actions) after having total dominance and the ability to punish females with impunity for centuries might cause these guys some stress.  I hope the UN adopts this.

hee hee, that's funny, what isn't funny is how Islamist will respond to this, rioting, maybe rape a few women in 'rightful vengeance'...barbarians

Religion of peace, eh?What a beautiful and peaceful religion! Aaaaaahhhh!

its a dark and cold night, i have just given my wife a good beating, and now iam going to visit my SHEEEEEP !!!

The Un Women's draft is an attempt at foisting their own beliefs on the world. Hiding behind teh auspices of the United Nations, they claim that they represent "universal" cultural beliefs. far from it, the Vatican and the muslims and Republicans, who together make up one third of the world object to it. It should be90%  of the world if you include Asia and Africa. Who is for it? Those few pathetic staffers in the UN Women and the die hard feminists and lgbt perverts who look up to them.

The late historian General Sir John Keegan, in a forward in a book-"Islam is a gutter religion".  Islam has been hijacked by illegitimate Sharia quoting zealots just like Judaism has been hijacked by Zionists.

Isis. Osiris. Nut. Sheba. Cleopatra. Women are far more intelligent then men.  It's only a matter of time until we take back the reigns of this planet again.  I just don't like the idea of getting back control through your default but whatever has to be will be. By women not men. The way it always was and will be again.  Feminine dominance forever.

The U.N. document on women is like VAWA, it is based on false information knowingly spread by those with self-interest, not the interest of anyone else, especially women.  'Terrified' by a U.N. document?   Who writes this crud and a better question is what idiot buys into something where they have to use such powerful imagery to sell a very questionable and unsupported thesis based on 'just because'.   All humanity, with sick individual exceptions, crave the love of and give love to their spouses, parents, and children.   To say someone doesn't love their child or spouse because of race, religion, gender, or color is a form of extreme prejudice, of course that isn't true if you are one of the targeted groups of the liberals, like muslims, except if they are here, and white men, but not white women or children.   Yep, makes lots of sense, NOT.  Our media will use a non-representative example emotively to stir up a general attitude to a whole category of people.  The crazy part is that ito works.   Like with the commenters in this article.

The UN is toothless.

Looks like KungFu Jew's Mother needs to have a talk with him...I'm sure she's so proud of him

On moral grounds?  I guess it is moral to beat up a woman according to religious people.  So much for religion benefiting humanity.

"While the core of the group's objections derives from their interpretation of Islamic law, their complaints revealed what many in Egypt feel is a regressive long-term plan for women in Egyptian society. The Brothers, who propelled President Mohamed Morsi to power, warned that the UN is seeking to place the right to decide when to work or where to travel in the hands of women, rather than their husbands; that a married man who rapes his wife would face the same legal risks as if a stranger had raped the woman; or that a woman who had a son out of wedlock could make the same demands on the father as if she were married to him."So..what's the problem with all that exactly?These people these people these people,what a waste of air.

Man, the feminist propoganda has sure worked on a lot of Americans.   This is the same type false data that feminists in America said of American men to sell the concept the fathers and men are bad, mothers good.   Why do you not see a lot of Muslim women suddenly become rabid feminists as soon as they get to western countries like the escapees from Cuba, Communist China, East Germany, etc..   Could it be the feminists lied like they did here?   They can't even pay Islamic women to falsely claim to be feminist.   Amazing how gullible we have become.

The muslim brotherhood and the mullahs and all muslims who cannot love people without discrimination of race, religion,creed and gender.... can all be catapulted to pluto for an extended holiday.

I'm absolutely shocked the U.N. is standing up for women's rights to control "promote and protect the human rights of all women and girls, including their right to have control over and decide freely and responsibly on matters related to their sexuality free of coercion, discrimination and violence, their right to the highest standard of health, including sexual and reproductive health, and their reproductive rights." And it also wants governments to "accelerate efforts to eliminate discrimination against women and girls and ensure women’s equal enjoyment of all human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the right to education, health, social security, land, property, inheritance, employment, participation and decision-making in all spheres of life.  Women in the United States don't have those rights because of right wing politics.  So the U. N. Says women should be given these rights while the Republican party of the United States of America is trying to take those rights away from its female citizens.  Go figure.

m- I_I -hammad﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿ ---﻿﻿ may the﻿﻿ memory﻿﻿﻿ of﻿﻿ its﻿ existence﻿ be﻿ wiped﻿﻿ clean﻿ from the human﻿ spirt.F I_I -ck﻿﻿﻿ islam﻿﻿﻿ -﻿﻿﻿﻿ -﻿ F I_I -ck allah﻿ - -﻿ F I_I -ck M -I_I -hammad﻿﻿﻿﻿ --﻿ F I_I -ck the﻿﻿﻿﻿ qur'an﻿ - now go riot somewhere. ----Ameen

“And they say: "There is nothing but our life of this world, we die and we live and nothing destroys us except the time. And they have no knowledge of it, they only conjecture.” (Quran 45: 24)

Could we address the issue of violence objectively please ?;......Does anybody care about male-on-male violence ?

Muslim Brotherhood is applying the Sharia Islamic Law, which consider a woman is only for the man sex enjoyment. In Islam, woman has no rights at all. When a Muslim man marry a woman, he assume that he bought the sex organ of the woman and that is it. Woman in Islam must serve as a slave to her husband. A Muslim man could marry 4 women, their prophet Mohammad married 9 women, and he has more slaves to sleep with them, all count to 66 women. So what do you expect from Muslim Brotherhood, the defender of their Alla and Mohammad. Of course they will not give a woman any freedom.What I wonder why the Vatican is against, because in Christianity, man and woman are equal.

Islamic males should be rounded up and exterminated.  I know its kind of a nazi thing to say, but at least in this case, and unlike what happened in the 40s, we can safely say most of them would deserve it.  Simply put, I can't think of one beneficial thing their culture contributes to the world.  Honestly, if we all woke up tomorrow and Islam was gone, would anyone miss it?

Looks like the Venus Transit of June 2012 ushering in the world of true equality is right on track. Sucks to be you Muslim men who control women. The feminine isn't waiting for you to decide, is she? How does it feel to have your voices unheard and ignored? Now you know what it feels like to be a woman in the Muslim world.Ring the bell.Be careful what you ask for...2,000 years of subjugation of women brings a lot of fury with it. Stupid, stupid, men. Obviously, they understand how powerful women are and they should be very, very  afraid.

No beating women? Really? Next youll be telling us no be-headng of Christians! No blowing up Churches! No suiside vest attacks! Islam is really going to hell in a hand cart under this new administration..

I wonder what the Brotherhood's feelings are with respect to cruelty to animals. They are probably against that. Don't want to be riding a lame camel.

“Even if We had sent angels down to them and the dead had spoken to them, and even if We had assembled before them all the things, face to face, they would still not believe unless it be Allah's will that they believe. Most of them behave in utter ignorance.” (Quran 6:111)

Religion is the worst thing that MAN has ever created.

So what do all the lefties think when they're beloved brother Barack cohorts with the muslim brotherhood?  But, but Barack is for change and womens lib?!  You should think you've been had, whether you do or not totally depends on your ability to read between the lines....

Women are, at least most of them, physically weaker than men. To beat or otherwise suppress a physically weaker human being, makes you a coward with no honor. A real man takes on equals, or, better yet, stronger ones.

Why Saudi Arabia, the start of Arabs and Islam did not produce a single scientist, doctor, engineer, artist architect in its entire 15 centuries from Islam's inception? Answer this question and you will find out that this is because they are Arabs and Muslims from the beginning to the end. Unlike Egypt, Syria, Iraq and other middle eastern civilizations which were Christian countries and had great advancements before Islam and turned into 3rd world countries BECAUSE of ISLAM. when Zimbabwe occupies the US and turn everyone by the sword to become Zimbabwean, the US scientists, doctors and Engineers will continue to be great in their fields for a while until the Zimbabweans completely dominated them. So this is exactly what happened when the Arab nomads bare footed low life Muslims invaded the old civilizations in the Middle East (Egypt, Syria and Iraq) it took them decades to destroy the foundation of education and work ethics value (during these decades) the momentum inherited from the old civilization continued to develop but slower and slower until it completely faded into the horrible situation currently occurring in Egypt and other old civilizations like it.

Muslims are Killing Machines they dont want others to live peacefully...

egypt, is just one more #$%$ #$%$ hole,  the  camel rapeing  muslims have #$%$ upNo mention about any so called rights for Q33RS. I wonder how they'll treat those who enjoy sticking their heads between the legs of others their same sex.

Oh well. I was hoping the Apocalypse would happen later in another generation long after I am gone. Oh well. Looks like it may be sooner. Oh well.

Hey, the UN just found the real war on women. Maybe code pink and all the for women's rights groups in the US can focus on the real tragedy that the muslim countries put on women and other minorities.

Time for more Drones, make the pagan brotherhood as over as dinosaurs (that they are), a good one is a dead one, such a religion of peace the terrorist follow!

This may be the first time in recorded history that a UN documents has "terrified" anybody. I'm sure the Muslin Brotherhood will all just drop dead from heart attacks if the UN issues one of its dreaded sanctions against them.

withdraw from un,impeach obama problem solved!

join the charles martel  society now.

Didn't "Dear Leader' and the US State Department support the Muslim Brotherhood coming to power?

Generally their Clitoris is cut off to keep them from sin. They call this Female circumcision.

The Muslim brotherhood is not terrified of anything, they are terrorist.In the Islamic war zone of Afhanistan,115 women were killed in 2012,  We lost how many hundreds of men and how many thousands of Afghan men and boys were killed and we were supposed to be all up in arms about 115 women and girls?  Look up how many killed in the past year in Egypt in the conflict.   Almost none were women, but almost half the crowds were women.    Almost no women were killed.   If the women were not respected wouldn't they be equally represented by the dead?  There are so many common sense questions that keep the feminist theory of what is happening to women from being easy to cover up.   If you ask too many hard questions they attack with insult and innuendo.   You are not supposed to think or ask questions.

I think its kinda neat. Islamists hate the UN, so do we. We have so much in common.

Viva womans of all the worlds, specially my mom.  Idiots mullahs......

It is simple np imf or us money until women are granted equal rights this is women in egypt only hope the men are barbarians

gee, I hope the resolution is adopted.  Maybe then the Brotherhood will realize it doesn't have the world tied up in a string.  A woman is a viable part of a community and without us there would be no men.  how stupid can these people get.  Oh, i forgot they just want the baby factory.

They'll just ignore it like usual.

Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood is a Grown Boys' Club of sexually insecure males who are terrified of women; I highly suspect Morsi has an especially inadequate sexual organ which informs his brain about the worth of women.  Their "family values" means complete male control of women.  Conservative Islamists require subservient women to shore up their lack of self worth, feeling their primary power is in how effectively they control all the females in their lives.  Poor pathetic impotent wimps!!

God bless 'women' for allowing men the rule for so long. It's way past time for sharing equally in all that makes life worth living. God will find a way to make things right and punish those that oppose such change as she always does. Way past time!

I believe in the Third Abrahamic faith...“Evil has spread over the land and the sea because of men's deeds; this in order that He may cause them to have a taste of some of their deeds; perhaps they will turn back (from evil).” (Quran 30:41)

In the Muslim male pea-brain, women should submit to them and men don't answer to anyone but god who, in their view, instructs them that women are simply breeding vessels to make more Muslims who are born into the so-called "religion" and can't leave it unless they want to risk death.  Women in the Muslim world barely equate to cattle.Not just the nut case brothers who are against this UN bill. Most Catholic Majority nations will oppose it.

Treating half of your country as second class citizens cuts your countries' potential in half.   Under educating women cuts that down even more....who is the one helping a child learn if the father is the only one allowed to work?

"The first is something the Brotherhood is openly hostile too -- they reject the notion that men and women should be strictly equal. And they don't seem so hot on the "empowerment of women" since they have strongly patriarchal views that require wives to be subservient to husbands."Funny how Dan Murphy skirts around the basic, or should I say FUNDAMENTAL, reason that the Brotherhood is against the propsal He can't make him self write unambiguosly  that the Brotherhood is only following the koran and the words and commandments of allah, nothing more, nothing less! When writing about their religion he is very careful with his words. It is as if they object to the proplsal because they are men first and foremost with no religious reason whatsoever! He also suggests that those who wrote the proposal are trying to force their cultural views on the Brotherhood! Dan Murphy is in fact saying that human rights for women are not universal but tied to and defined by their religion! Wow! This guy is a REAL Liberal!

"The Muslim Brotherhood of Egypt has teamed up with Iran, Russia, and the Vatican"Yet 90% of the comments here focus on Egypt / Islam... Has everyone in their hate of Islam forgotten the core of the problem? Violence and coercion on women? Does it matter if the perpetrators are Muslim, Catholics, Chechens or Russians? Any religious coercion, ANY coercion whatever is WRONG... Women are persecuted in your own backyard... Everyday... It takes varying forms but it is still there... Look around...

bullies will always be bullies and arab men are great at iimagine trying to tell an American woman she doesnt have the same rights as a American male WOW

How does it feel to have your voices unheard and ignored Muslim men? Now you know what it feels like to be a woman in your Muslim world. Not so good,huh? Ring the bell balanced men and women, ring the bell against evil disguised as religious dogma.

So the Vatican is against this also. Why doesn't anyone cry foul about the Vatican or the Russians? Not that I have any love for the Egyptians or Iran. It just seems that organized religion has a problem with women's rights. Especially those that pertain to women's sexuality and health.

Just wait and see what the UN will shortly do to all "religion" .....those guys haven't seen anything yet.

forget islam; ultimately a bigoted racist doctrine, though the UN has proven it's palpable hopelessness and any document that that miserable organization comes up with would need to be seriously vetted in terms of who it is empowering and who it is dis-empowering. there needs to be a balance when all around the world...with nothing whatsoever to beating, stoning ,raping, subjugating women people of more humanistic cultures than the 'base grade' the UN might be addressing, may also feel confused by the ideology of the unofficial third world nations guiding light.there are countless other societies where the pendulum for female rights has risen so dramatically under the feminist, lesbian, liberal banner, that it is now men ''living in a spider's world''...none of the above condones, subjugating, raping, ridiculing and marginalizing women, as does islam.

the Vatican is opposed because of the issue's of contraceptives, abortion and the GLTB.I think, Muslim Brotherhood will oppose it only if the UN documents are against Islamic law...No compromises where the laws of God are concerned...

Couldn't do that in the states. The ones being abused here are the white males. But no one sticks up for them!!

I smell B52's over Tehran and Cairo....does anybody else smell it?

i sure hope the women of egypt care about their rights and are willing to die for them because  i don't.

we need the muslims to put the feminists in their places in the western world too

Women of an oppressive society will work from within to find freedom, it can not be imposed from outside no matter how well meaning

Why do muslim men seem to hate women?  Are they just missled by what is passed off as a religion that's based on hatred of everything? Or is there something else going on? I find it strange that a nation that's been on this earth for thousands of years can get things so twisted up that the male half ( I will not call them MEN, a real MAN respects women) detests the women in their lives. And yet we let them into America to spread their detestable perversions. Why?

RELIGION is the root of all EVIL.

please its time to kick these muslims off this earth and tell them to find a home jerks  im  tired of them saying they will take on the world ha ha ha excuse me i think its the other way around the world will take them out very fast and oh lets stop giving them our money too

Oh yes, its clear as well that there is a new conservative pope who sees woman as second degree humans only good for making children.I can  not find text on net, does someone know? seems the text has the working version only and is now in discussion phase

I know Obama he grate at straiten out brothers in the hood in Chicago and hesoon straiten out brothers in Egyption hood too,

i think when Obama get time he straiten out these brothers in the hoodover there as Obama grate at solve problems every where.

I am pro-Shariah law...

Muslim Foreplay.....Beat one wife for an hour and a half, while the other three watch....

God has given women so much power that mens fear gives her little

They are terrified because they won't have the right to beat, rape and torture their women anymore?? But yet they are supposed to be the religion of peace, they need to be examined for mental illness

It's sad to see right here in the good old USA, a womans right to have an abortion is being striped away in lots of right winger states--to those people it's a matter of pushing their religion on other people who don't want, or care for it. As long as you accept Jesus willingly or not, they (the Christain right wingers) will make sure to have thier way imposed on everybody else, and be damed with the Constitution, because there is a de facto case of NO seperation between church and state with these block-heads!

Those perverted islamists... what a bunch of wackos. Jesus will forgive you but you must ask for it!

When people wake up and realize no one has the answers to their spirituality except themselves and the truths are simple because they are for everyone, people will at last be free.yes we all know mohammad's teachings are diabolical - having said that this UN document is also about abusing women  - it's veiled with some ideas of help but it's really about population distruction - it is a fact that abortion destroys women as well as their babies and we all know this UN maneuver is just another one of their moves to make eugenics and infanticide common in all countries and to stop the abolition of abortion

We SERIOUSLY put down our gay citizens so no one throw stones.

Look at the one statement. If she has a son out of wedlock the father will have to pay. Nothing about if she has a daughter.  If the Vatican is against equal rights for women then we must accept it as a holy right for men to always be in control. Women around the world are just to stupid to think for themselves. We men were created to control women as they cannot control themselves!!!!!!!!!!!!

Wow, funny how the beliefs and attitudes of the Muslim Brotherhood, toward women, sound the same as the Republican parties.

The Muslim Brotherhood of Egypt has teamed up with Iran, Russia, and the Vatican to oppose a UN draft proposal on reducing violence against women on moral grounds.By Da the catholics are against womens rights.Who didn't know that. It would reduce the birth rate and cut down on the money they steal from the poor countries that buy this #$%$.

Hey Brotherhood...why don't you enter the 21st century?

Just want to let American people know.the USA gave the Muslim brotherhood 200 million dollars .they killing the young people ,they going after Christian .and women .please tell the Obama administration to stop supporting this government.egypt becoming like iran .they stole the election .what democracy

A man needs to be the head of his house.  Women ARE a man's equal, but are very different.  A man has to give the direction for the family, a woman has to be the force to make that happen.  A good woman understands that and a good man won't have anything else.

We held many of their patriarcal views ourselves prior to the 1980's, and especially prior to the 1960's. We made the necessary attitude adjustments and opened our eyes and minds to the injustices being done to women(and anyone else that was different-for that matter!). Since I am fairly certain Egyeptians' and Saudis' are human beings just like us, I have no doubt that they too can change their barbaric customs. Someone a long time ago came up with these evil customs, so it stands to reason that they can just as easily be undone by humans living in our great age of reason!

There all the brotherhood ..............We  raised in this western culture have no idea why they think like this.They raised in their culture have no idea why we think  like we do.So what to do ?  Bomb eachother ?   that would be stupid.I see no hope for mankind as long as this continues.

Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood also has terrified UN women.

How much do I know about Egypt? enough NOT to go there.My rule to traveling is NEVER to travel to a country where a good lawyer cannot get you out of jail.

Do we have money for poor disabled children, or the Muslim Brotherhood? These are the kind of tough decisions we need to make.

Savages cannot be civilized, they only know tyranny. We must speak at a level that they understand, which is unfettered violence. Forget stern letters and sanctions, we as a globe must band together and stomp in modern ideals with the heel of our collective boot into these subhumans.

Muslim Brotherhood or NAMBLA

Maybe we ought to read this language  "... a lot of vague, aspirational language. For instance, the proposal calls on UN member states to "promote and protect the human rights of all women and girls, including their right to have control over and decide freely and responsibly on matters related to their sexuality free of coercion, discrimination and violence, their right to the highest standard of health, including sexual and reproductive health, and their reproductive rights." And it also wants governments to "accelerate efforts to eliminate discrimination against women and girls and ensure women’s equal enjoyment of all human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the right to education, health, social security, land, property, inheritance, employment, participation and decision-making in all spheres of life."  to the fundamentalist Southern Baptists in our midst here in the US???  There are more ways than physical to denigrate women...After all, the concept of "the King James woman" is not far from that of the "Koran (Quran) woman."

do they realize that if it wasn't for the women there would be no terrorist

Barbaric primitives. Please leave Earth for us who have chosen to accept Evolution into our lives.

reminds me of the rightwing crazy teabaggers' relentless and unjustified hatred against gay people.Ignorance at its best!

The report seems to make it appear that the church is against treating STDs. It's only against the use of condoms.

"Egypt has been joined by Russia, Iran and the Vatican"Why the headline is only about egypt???

This is what we called "Human Rights".  Of course they will afraid that "Women" will end their world.

Ah ah ah this is an insult to Muslims for sure.  UN is trying to be the global government.  That sounds very apocaliptic

Dan Murphy you miserable fyke....Now Islamic rules regarding inheritance -as a direct and detailed dictate in Qur'an' all of a sudden became "Muslim brothers' interpretation of Islamic law"??!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;to have "equal enjoyment" of rights regarding property and inheritance, for instance, conflicts with the Brothers' interpretation of Islamic law, which requires women to inherit less than men. &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;Go educate yourself about Muslims ans Islamic laws, then come spew your miserable ignorance and lies onto the equally ignorant readers..!! at least you would know where you F Up so much and try to be more believable,...In short folks , those are decent rules for a decent society, that does NOT suffer the cesspool &amp; vvhorish symptoms the western societies seem to be wallowing in without even appreciating the squalor they are in...So they don't apply to your culture and therefore no need for alarm  as the sheep of a jew author attempting to do!!! Relax and go get another six pack, screw one another as many times as you wish men on men women on women anything goes what have you, a parent can't discipline a wayward child so it's has be a criminal court system, a man can't be a man in his household, and heck he can cross dress for all that matters,...... NO ALARM!!!Keep your cesspool values to thyselves , and keep the decent way of life to the decent conservative people and societies they really appreciate ...

We can't force our values on them. It just doesn't work. The women there need to stand up and fight for their rights, if they want them. They are the only ones who can make a difference, not us. I wish them the best; I cannot even imagine living in a society like that.

What a racist slantI mean, really the hate, I have lots of reasons to hate the Muslim Brotherhood (like they are racist) but um, when you call for 'tolerance' that means you tolerate their Jihad, and their beating of women,HYPOCRITICAL, can't have it both ways....

Of course the Muslim Brotherhood objects to this. They derive their masculinity from their oppression of women. Without it, their perception of themselves is that they are nothing, which of course, is true.

Vatican on the same page as Egypt, Iran, Russia re/ protection of women's rights? Scary. Having been the recipient of 12 years of Catholic education where philosophically I was repeatedly reminded of the place of free will/sin choices in the nature of our redemptive souls, I now find it incongruous that the Church should seek to eliminate free will/choice especially for those that do not even accept the precepts of the Church as defined by the Vatican...AND to not support UN anti-woman treatment statements because of aids treatment/abortion/family planning disagreements is a prime example of the disconnect between the philosophical underpinnings of Christianity and the reality of the hard right "old boys club" controlling Catholic doctrine....part of the reason that while many are Catholic, few adhere to the doctrinal exigencies. Will the new Pope change things? Doubt it.obama just gave them 250 million to prmote democarsy what a joke

The status of women in Islam is one of subjugation, inferiority and existence only to please and appease the insatiable desires of men  as a sex object.

Are they really worried that they could be raped by the hands of a women?

Egypt, Russia, Iran, and the Vatican strongly oppose this proposal and yet the Muslim Brotherhood are the only ones being called evil. 'merica!

For all those using the Muslim Brotherhood to tar all of Islam, I'd like to point out the Vatican agreed with them. Haven't seen many posts claiming all Christians hate women. People have been corrupting (all) religions to gain power over others since religion was invented.

And now the  Sexist groups shows their true color!

We have to face the fact that what we see as fairness and equality is not their idea of fairness and equality, therefore we are, in effect, trying to accommodate an alien culture with which, if we have any principles at all, there can be no agreement. To us our women are human beings just like us and to them their women are subhuman to be owned and subjugated.

the muslim brotherhood a bunch of gang members who repect nothing .100 degree weather and they have to wear black all over what da heck is wrong with them.

I tend to be sympathetic toward islam, but we all know that religions change over time.  inevitably. It is resented by fundamentalists in the days of the changes,  but the changes are inevitable.womens rights should be the same as those of men. It is the only civilised thing to do.  not all muslims support lashing or amputation,  and most i have met are as reasonable as any methodist or lutheran would be here (they want food and schools for their children and live and let live).but it is seldom the reasonable people who are out in the streets.  the unreasonable will always resort to force because their viewpoint will not withstand any scrutiny.  that is why they so often wind up in power.  perhaps some societies will keep their women like chattel, and remain uncivilized.

to the Moon Alice ! to the Moon !The Vatican agrees? Is that why there are No women priest to preach the word of a loving and merciful God?

Christian Science Monitor says womens human rights is " a cultural belief?"(pargraph 6). Way to go, dhimmis!

muslim men just dont want their woman wearing the pants like they do in the u.s. maybe american men should act like men, then their woman may show them a little respect.

This just in The tea Party, Christian collation Pat Robinson's 700 club, focus on the family,Sean Hanity's comedy hour, The Kotch brothers, Karl Rove have all decided to Join Iran Russiaand the Muslim Brotherhood to oppose the UN measure.

I am sure that Texas and other states will soon join in with this "band of bothers".

to all those who comment about how terrible Israel is...this is what you support.. in case you didnt know pals are muslim..they love the brootherhood

The charter calls for women and girls free access to birth control and abortion....I suspect CHRISTIAN talibany to object too.

I'm surprised this hasn't been blamed on Israel like everything else.

I understand the backwards arab nations, but russia and the vatican confuse me, oh well, its non-binding unless yu agree to it, so whats the big deal?

The Vatican has joined this cabal?  Feasting on little boys has rotted their brains.Faith is a fine thing but religion should be abolished in the interests of engendering a healthy and intelligent society.

So Egypt gangs up with the Vatican and Iran. Just goes to show you how #$%$ these folks are. Egypt and Iran, kingdoms of wife beaters, the Vatican, kingdom of homosexuals and pedophiles. How can the UN top that ?

The sinful is about to outnumber the great!!!! sickness is spreading…THIS IS YOUR ZOMBIE NATION…zombies have no souls and devour the living…hell on earth is on the rise!!! wow..this thing is heating up…they are fooling you people!!!

Guess Egypt does not have enough Gays, Blacks, or Christians to dominate so they go up the ladder to women.  Hope they feel empowered by their discrimination, because the next revolution is just around the corner.

It is interesting to note that a lot of this 'Muslim Brother hood' stuff contradicts what was the original Islam.In fact, I knew a Muslim girl and she told me that NO PART of the Quran says that a woman should take orders from a man. There is only ONE sentence in the Qurana that mentions men and women together and the worst interpretation of that is that a man sohuldn't make himself subservient to a woman.

Our tax dollars were used to put these c*cksuckers into power!!

You can't police the whole world with the same arbitrary laws

So, we are supposed to gear up for another feminist war at enormous costs to our economy and thousands of killed and wounded from our best and brightest so some feminist can say the feminist system, that women in the muslim countries and former Soviet countries almost completely reject.  We have to fight wars then impose our quotas on their countries to satisfy our feminists?     Is that crazy or what.   They have lived under tyranny and can spot when someone is rabble rousing for false victims and false villains.   They love their mothers and wives as much as we do.   Don't believe the garbage our liberal left media sells you so their stocks in weapons manufacturers goes up and they get rich while our sons die.   Wake up and pay attention.

afraid of women, just like our muslim POtuS. that's why barry soetoro is a hhomosexual.

Reducing violence to women and access to abortion should not go hand in hand.  Abortion takes the life of another,(we were all at one time a fetus), and females are aborted by the tens of thousands every year!  Addressing violence against anyone should also include violence against the pre-born.Why is the Muslim Brotherhood so worked up over a UN resolution?Obviously they are taking their cues from American conservatives.

obummer is part of the mooslim Satanhood!!!

Since ALL religion is ignorance and superstition, I can't imagine why anyone would be surprised. Islam is no more stupid or violent than any of the Big 3. Wouldn't it be nice if folks could be adults and no longer need religion. Sigmund Freud characterized religion as "A form of neurotic immaturity". Albert Einstein called it "juvenile". It's certainly a mild form of mental illness.

But Obama has embraced the Arab Spring and the ouster of Mubarak and his government.  So much for his concern of women's rights.  For our Nobel Peace Prize leader, the Muslim religion trumps civil rights.

Who are you right wing nuts gonna cheer for, in a battle between the UN and the Islamists?

Most abusers of women in This country would call themselves Christians

And these are the people that jerk of a jerk Al Gore just gave fifty million of our US Dollars too.

The world would be better off without the Muslims or the U.N.!

This is such a biased piece of reporting by NetanYAHOO media network...

Modern society will always clash with the religious and primitives beliefs. Islamic resistance to REASON will always cost lives and lasting conflicts. But REASON will prevail ultimately.As a Muslim Woman, I would have no problem with the Muslim Brotherhood if they actually followed Islam as opposed to their own "cultural" interpretation of it.  Unfortunately, too many of their members, along with Al-Qaeda  and the Taliban are not interested in what the Qur'an and Hadith teach, but seek to oppress women and deny them their rights.  We need another Aminah Assilmi...

Women don't have full gender equality or the right to have control over and decide freely and responsibly on matters related to their sexuality in every state in the US yet.  Why are you pointing fingers at Egypt?

The worst thing we ever did was give women the right to vote. It all went down hill from there...

Why no mention of anti-Christian, Orthodox judaic religion's treatment of Christians and women? I'm waiting for an answer???

I'm surprised the Vatican can find time to quit chasing little boys long enough to weigh in on a weighty issue like women and violence.

We all know deep down the women's place is in the kitchen. Treat her with kindness and she will bake you a nice meatloaf.

People, please, please do not summarily condemn one religion because of this! Remember that the obsolete Christian teachings explicitly deal with women and children in the same way as that followed by the Muslim Brotherhood, and there are in fact Christians and Jews who likewise disagree with inherent rights for women. Things are changing, and as repeatedly mentioned in the movie "Girls Rising" and elsewhere, this is a revolution that will not be stopped.

Let's begin with the Vatican and their continuing failure to acknowledgethe full personhood of females as it acknowledges the full perdsonhood of males.Why would there be any female left still supporting this male-supremacist religion?The Inquisition is over -- walk away.Meanwhile, this all male Vatican -- on one square mile of Italian land -- is considered a"sovereign nation" by the UN which gives it tremendous influence over issues.Yes, there are women at the Vatican -- maids.

yeah, if the brotherhood thinks that's bad; wait until they only make equal pay, but have to provide for a wife and family.  Equal on income, unequal on outgo.

Why should the Muslim Brotherhood be "terrified" of this document?  Since when has the UN had any power to impose laws on its member states and rewrite societal norms anywhere?I #$%$ a little allah. . so cute.

Quran: Surah An-Nisa, Verse 1:O people! be careful of (your duty to) your Lord, Who created you from a single being and created its mate of the same (kind) and spread from these two, many men and women; and be careful of (your duty to) Allah, by Whom you demand one of another (your rights), and (to) the ties of relationship; surely Allah ever watches over you.

....and these are the #$%$s that are #$%$ of a president gave MA1 tanks and F-15 fighters to! How brilliant is he? Oh wait! He, obamabitch, loves the muslim brotherhood! my bad

Why do we permit the barbarians to exist ???

They need a new name how about the brother hood of dirt bags.

The Muslim Brotherhood is scared to let women have rights.......they know their days are numbered if women have equal rights........

if they force equality there will now be a Muslim Sisterhood

I am actually impressed with the frankness of the brother hood, I would have expected a speech about how woman are better off with less. What is most disappointing is the Vatican's two faced position. Where is the distinction between the two?  Christan based societies normally do better by women. The self anointed leaders of Christianity now hold tolerance and freedom back. The secular society's are the leaders in moral decisions. ( and Christan tolerance)

Sick! We cannot allow these evil men to use religion as an excuse to perpetrate human rights violations upon women! Human rights TRUMP religious rights or culture!!!

that the UN is seeking to place the right to decide when to work or where to travel in the hands of women, rather than their husbands; that a married man who rapes his wife would face the same legal risks as if a stranger had raped the woman; or that a woman who had a son out of wedlock could make the same demands on the father as if she were married to him.Why would a married man rape his wife? Why a woman cannot make demands on a man who gave her a child out of wedlock? Was he not responsible for his actions on her when in the throes of his extasy!! Why cannot men take half the blame instead of behaving worse that women and being less of a man to the weaker gender. Serious questions need mature and realistic answers these days. Like any other country, there is chaos in every society, with or without UN or IN charters and laws of what ever dimension they come in and from.Religion in general uses their holy books to persecute and subjugate constantly.This is because to most religious males,women must be their slaves.There are very few religions that don't do this with the exception of the Wicca  religion.

Jesus the Son of God is man's Only Saviour! There is NO other!

Jesus died out of love for us all have you accepted him as your Lord and saviour, Jesus said we must be born again! Are you? if not just ask him to forgive you of your sins and ask him to come into your life as your Lord and Saviour and you will know with conviction by his Holy Spirit ! The Kingdom of God is righteousness, peace and joy by the power of the Holy Spirit! Jesus' blood paid for our sins in full that we would come into his kingdom here on earth and know Jesus is Lord

The Brotherhood, Mohammad and the Vatican. Child molesters.