If not now, the day *will* come when the Supreme court rules on the side of civil rights and declares marriage a fundamental Constitutional right that the states can not arbitrarily prohibit.  I am *so* looking forward to rubbing that in the noses of all the bigoted religious lunatics.

In my state (Washington) we voted FOR marriage equality in November of this past year.In the past 3 months I have seen ZERO articles on the same-sex topic as it pertains to my state.  (I'm only seeing national stories).Once we put this national issue behind us then we'll be MOVING ON to other things.... just like my state has.  This topic will become a non-issue and eventually people will stop talking about it.  We certainly won't be seeing daily articles on it like we do now.

Are we about to see Judaic and Christian ideology  put in its place? I hope so, far too long we have been enslaved and suppressed under a system of false doctrines and beliefs pulled from tribal laws, superstitions and blarney of a long gone way of life.

What I think is funny is all these so called christians think everyone that is in favor of gay rights doesn't go to church.  I am straight, go to church and still believe everyone should have the same rights as I do.  God would not discriminate against his children only the wicked doesn't love thy neighbor.

There's nothing funnier that when you tell a crackpot for christ cult member you don't believe in their fairy tales and they just keep on quoting it like they think if they annoy you enough you'll give in just to shut them up. All they do is make themselves look stupider.

It's fun watching the hysterical bigots running around screaming the sky is falling, the sky is falling and how gay marriage is going to cause the world to implode.

It's so funny when some idiot says he's sick of seeing gay news. That just shows how stupid bigots are. They aren't even able to figure it out that if they don't click on the article they don't have to read it.

Gays do much better with responsible procreation. There will be no accidents or unwanted pregnancies. Great thought and planning goes into it. Each step along the way is responsibly planned and handled in detail from the medical to the legal end and that child will be born wanted and loved.

The best part about Hugh and Nathan M's posts is that you don't even have to read them.  You can just go down the line and thumb them down every time.

There's no sense in arguing with the conservative bigots. If they were intelligent enough to have a rational conversation they wouldn't be bigots.Hopefully that could only be good news for everyone that is in favor of gay marriage.

After the USSC rules in favor of gay marriage. Nathan will spontaneously combust.

Come on now, if gay people get equal rights who will be next, Women, Black people? Who will there be left to discriminate against??Will No One Think Of The Bigots?!!

So they release the recording, big deal; I've read they can take months, and it's legal, to respond.

LEVITICUS QUOTERS, YOU FORGOT A COUPLE… Here’s your FAV…Leviticus 20:13 - If a man also lie with a man, as he lieth with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination: they shall be put to death.NOW, HERE ARE THE ONES YOU NEVER QUOTE….Leviticus 20:9 - For every one that curseth his father or his mother shall be put to deathLeviticus 20:10 - And the man that committeth adultery with another man's wife, even he that committeth adultery with his neighbor’s wife, the adulterer AND the adulteress shall be put to death.Leviticus 24:16 - And he that blasphemeth the name of the Lord, he shall be put to deathRemember… this is the inerrant word of God… you can't just obey ONE... you have to OBEY them ALL... and good luck with THAT. (If I read Leviticus 20:10 right, it looks like you may have to put Newt Gingrich, Bill Clinton, Governor Sanford, John Edwards, David Vitter, and John Ensign to death… along with the women they slept with)VOTE GOP 2016 – WE’LL MAKE THEM CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENTS

Homosexuality is God's way of insuring the truly brilliant are not bogged down with family issues.

If you want an example of an  historic and traditional view of gay relationships, you need not go any further than the first inhabitants of "our" Land.  Native American culture going back thousands of years respectfully recognized gay people. The presence of male "two-spirits" was a fundamental institution among most tribal peoples. Male and female "two-spirits" have been documented in over 130 tribes, in every region of North America. Many were considered the healers of their tribe. "In many tribes, individuals who entered into same-sex relationships were considered holy and treated with utmost respect and acceptance," according to anthropologist Brian Gilley.

Sigh.  If we're a Christian nation folks, what does god think of the fact that our First Amendment gives us the right, the celebrated and sacred right, to break his First Commandment?  Wouldn't that contradict the idea that we are based on christianity?  We made it to one amendment before we went against your sky fairy's will.  I'm pretty sure we're not based on that book.

Everyone welcome Flo, she's the newest Troll to hit the Yahoo forums. She hails from Chicago Illinois, in her free time she sets fire to kittens and kicks old ladies. Welcome.

Hope they side with gay marriage. Gays get to marry each other but guess what it expands the rights of straights to be able to marry gays when they make that choice.Can't wait to tune in! This is historical!

This is a sign they will legalize gay marriage.  The SC wouldn't be in a hurry to release tapes of them reaffirming discrimination, but they would want everyone to hear them in a history-making moment.  This is definitely a nod to where they will go.

gay marriage means all americans are equal.

The rarely works at all.  What job lets the worker decide what he will hear or do or not, take as much vacation as he wants, charges his employer for trips to anywhere in the world to speak about American justice and courts while being corrupt as all get out?Federal courts recently ruled that judges and states can violate the rights of citizens andbreak the Constitution and laws and their illegal acts stand!

Same day audio? That's almost blow by blow.

Equal rights now! Its time the bigot southern states are reigned in! Same sex marriage is a RIGHT!! Keep your religious #$%$ out of my government!

I think all of you who are against marriage equality  because of religious reasons are afraid. You're afraid because when marriage equality becomes a reality, and it doesn't bring about the end of the world like you think the Bible says it will, you will have to start questioning your blind faith. I mean, if the Bible is wrong about homosexuality (which it is), then what else is it wrong about???? That's the real issue here, that's the real fear. It'll cause you to face your mortality without the safety net of a god.

Can't wait to hear the immense collective signs and whines of all the faux Christian hateful bigots when they finally get that they lost their futile battle.  God loves us, and Constitution guarantees us our Equal rights under the law.

Bye bye Flo!  Hahahaha.  Funny what happens when evil is put in the spotlight.  It shrivels up and DISAPPEARS!

Why do homophobes keep right on misquoting Anita Bryant?  It's not 'Adam and Steve', it's 'Adam and Bruce'.Get used to it people, DOMA's going down.

Nathan M:Are you the Nathan Martin of Pittsburgh?

CONSERVATIVES... you will totally win in the Supreme Court...And Mitt Romney will win in a landslide!Seriously, you've got nothing to worry about

Why can't our government act this fast?the well being of the american people seem not to have the urgency to our government as who's sleeping with who.

Oh I can't wait!!!!!!

Exciting times we live in..cant wait to see where this takes our country!

Ban marriage NOW!

I just don't see the court allowing gay marriage it goes against all the principiles of mankind. Nothing in the constitution that says gays can marry nothing in it that says normal people man and woman can marry either that was a biblical right the country accepted. To be normal your a bigot I guess to be abnormal such as gay well your OK. It is a waiste of time to even argue with them or try and discuss anything with them their sexual prefrence proves they have mental problems. What next man and his sheep? Be the same thing.

Let the people vote... Wait they did that in California and it still got pushed through it's the agenda that their pushing so next the pedafiles can push for rights too!?!?!? RIGHT???

Marriage was instituted to protect the wife and children not for pervs to get the same benefits.If the Supreme Court were to vote "No" which they won't, gays would end up fussing and whining again like "We will take thith fig to the UN and make our gaytopia a reality!"

If gay marriage gets ok'd by the Supreme Court, and the feds then start forcing all the states to legalize it.....what are the gays going to get their underwear in a knot about next?  Its hard to imagine them not complaining or throwing a hissy fit about something.

A gay and a Pedophile were have an argument about their perversions. The Pedophile got fed up and called the gay a biggot for not respecting his life style. The gay did not think he was a biggot and thought the Pedophille was perverted. Now the gay knows ho moral people feel about any perverted life style.

In many countries gay marriage is not even an issue and there is national recognition of same sex marriage. But in the "free country" the "land of the free"  the U.S is about 20 years behind most countries.

So even in court proceedings the gays are getting special treatment.

They should make a CD out of it so those who worship at the synagogue of satan can buy them. Then they can take the money earned from the CD's and put it towards their gay wedding benefits so the rest of us don't have to hear it anymore!

What a sad time in America as gays continue to marry. This country is eroding far faster than you realize. You think the weather and economy is bad now? You haven't seen nothing yet.  You think 9/11 was bad? The worst is on the way! Unless America repents, halts the murder of innocent babies, and disallows these disgraceful marriages, then we're headed to destruction.

If "born this way" is the new mantra for "have sex with anyone you want" why doesn't this apply to everyone equally? Drug abusers could say that they were "born this way". Rapists could claim that they were "born this way". Shoplifters could say that they were "born this way". Murderers should be able to say that they were "born this way". Child Molesters should also be able to avail themselves of the same mantra "born this way". If some people can claim to be "born this way" why can't MANY different people also claim that same thing?

marriage is between a man and a woman, anything else is just a perverted act. we have enough going on in the world, spending time on perverts and deviants like gays is just a waste of time!

Q How can gays justify their perversion.A. They cant but they sure try.well, after the dust settles on gay marriage let's start focusing towards equal rights for bigots.

A waste of time since the Bible has all ready told in the end times how homosexuals would be turned over to their own lusts and now you have a follower of satan who professes to be a Christian and promotes this dysfunctional behavor while trying to solve world problems using athiestic values.

The days of United Sodom of America are numbered. Prepare to meet thy God. The budget debt will trigger God's final indignation against wicked nation that will turn her into a weak third world nation. Romans 1:18-32, Isaiah 1:1-10. America is doomed ! Mark my word !

The Mayan high court ruled  to cut peoples hearts out for sacrafice. Just because a high court rules for something does not make it right. By the way as you can see the Mayans went extinct. Lets hope our courts do not rule for this perverted life style.

Since most states would approve or not argue the case for civil unions the fact that homosexuals demand laws be passed that conflict with religious beliefs shows which side the real hate comes from.

If everyone was gay there would be NOBODY.

I hope the SCOTUS highlights the case in its web site with pink.  That would be sooooo fabulously GAY, GAY, GAY!!p.s.  By "gay" I mean "gay"  as in low-class, effeminite, looser, bad taste, flamboyant queen gay.

ANOTHER gay article from Yahoo. So annoying.

God will not be mocked.

The innocent blood of millions of babies is on the Supreme Court's hands. Affirming sexual abomination will follow hand in glove.If my people, who are called by my name, will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven, and I will forgive their sin and will heal their land.           This is the only hope for our nation.

It was  revealed by the supreme court   that #$%$ sexuality is present in every recorded case of adult male to male child molestation.The church determined that the biggest threat to Catholicism is accepting #$%$ sexual men that propose the risk of child endangerment during  service of the church.We have to accept the #$%$sexuals that are prone to child  molestation. Every boy ever molested by a male priest was gay first they said.

God created man and then he created woman so that man would not be alone. pretty black and white to me. Then he joined the two together that the two would be one, what's so complicated about this? What a waist of taxpayer money, should'nt even be an issue.

Someone on here said: "I'd love to hear the debate against marriage equality that doesn't evoke god or religion."But that's the whole problem. We are becoming more and more anti-Christ and anti God. As a nation that was founded upon Biblical principals, we are rapidly losing our way. Up is now down, darkness is enlightenment, good has become bad, and we are blindly, in lockstep  marching FORWARD! to destruction.

It's like this monumental thing is being released directly to DVD. Kind of makes a mockery of it in a way.

I see the bigots aren't just on the right.

This is discrimination against single people.  Period.Gay marriage has nothing to do with being gay or being married.It is all about beneficiaries, tax breaks, property rights and other money matters.

Interesting picture, reminds me of Rome. It now lays in ruin with the civilization that had no morals, free sex, homosexuals, care free attitude, drunknesses. I wonder if Cesar...I mean obama ever thinks about it?

Its all about increasing the democrat voting base

The "gay marriage" advocates are as dishonest as a lead-owner who demands that the government recognize his lead as gold. Maybe he has brain damage, so he really thinks lead is gold. But it doesn't matter. Lead is not gold, just as a gay union is not a marriage.So-called gay marriage "tears marriage away from the roots that led the courts to rule it a right in the first place," they ruled in Hernandez v. Robles, illustrating the legal dishonesty of calling a gay union "marriage."

Oh my God we are all so happy and gay, almost giddy for heavens sake isn't life so wonderful and gay !!!!!!!

So if I have a chair and have a biological urge to pee on it, will the government rule the chair to be a toilet? You pee on it, and you can sit on it. It's a toilet. Right, far lefties? If the government does not rule the chair to be a toilet, that makes me a 2nd class citizen? Right? Similarly, pretending that gay people have a right to have their behavior declared to be the same as living as husband and wife, when it obviously isn't the same in many important respects, is dishonest and stupid. A gay union is NOT a marriage, and gay people do not have a right to have the courts pretend it is.

Poo-sniffers, poo-jabbers and poo-putters are everywhere, watch your back.

If your not Native American , save the embarrassing comments that make you look like a bigger IDIOT FOOL then  you already know you are&gt;&gt; ... .

We would prefer the Taliban to what we have in Australia

I won't join the cult of the holy homosexual. That's for drones. Any idiot can tell you that a gay union doesn't do what straight unions do for society, which is protect society's children from the risks of single-motherhood: poverty, molestations, anti-social behavior in male offspring, promiscuity in female offspring and abortions. Gay unions do not do the same, so they are not marriages.

So-called gay marriage "tears marriage away from the roots that led the courts to rule it a right in the first place." (NY Court of Appeals, 2006). In America, we have a right to regulate various behaviors, promoting them or rewarding them or punishing them and demoting them. A gay union is one such behavior and no ruling by the Supreme Court has deemed equal recognition for profoundly different behaviors to be a right. Explain why the courts should take state rights away to govern themselves?

Well, looks like this is going to be decided by the Supreme Court.This is why conservatives should not argue moral issues with Democrats, if it's going to be decided by the courts anyways, why bother?

Sexual diseases don't need court rulings to spread.So why has homosexual marriage not been an established cultural norm after all these thousands of years and countless different cultures?

still not one logical reason why the government affords opposite gendered marriage the benefits it does.

The Australian government was elected with a lemon for a finance minister, a bent poo-jabber who was leader of the green party, and the speaker was playing the fiddle with a young fellow who bent for a quid........

Remember friends.... its ADAM and EVE!!! not adam and steve!!!  LMAO!!!!!!!!!!

No sodomite marriages ! Adam and eve not adam and steve !

Take religion out of the equation...we will have resolution. The Bible with it's many many versions should not be used in making any kind of legal or for that matter personal decisions. It is being used as a shield and as a dagger.