Title of a 3/18/13 article from The Telegraph (UK). "Pope Francis tells Vatican to prepare for change". Excerpts: "Pope Francis has put the Vatican hierarchy on notice of sweeping changes as he prepares this week to study a secret report into skulduggery and intrigue within the Church's governing body...On Saturday, the Pope ruled that senior administrators in the Vatican bureaucracy will temporarily keep their posts while he studies what changes may be required".

The bliss of ignorance...

Also the the spying news media have not read the report yet !

Popes are notorious for not looking at reports*cough* priest sex scandals *cough*

The Catholic Church renders aid and assistance to the poor and sick. Builds and operates hospitals and schools. Unites countries under one religion. Promotes peace in the world. There are homosexual pedophile priests. It happened. It's being addressed. give it a rest.

He should send the Big Red Journal of Criminal Behavior to the police in every nation and every city where the Vatican has influence.A pope that doen't send evidence to the proper authorities is just a criminal himself.

The Vatican should send out 1.2 billion copies of the Vatileaks documents--one copy to each claimed church member.   Why the "top secret" nonsense?  What are they trying to hide?If they made mistakes, admit it, be open and honest, and move on.

I am afraid he would want to leave soon after he reads the report.

I think the top secret reports should be widely opened and discussed and then settle the problems in transparent way. Too much secrecy is not a good management system.

Of course, he has not ready it yet.  He has been TOO Busy playing "1960s Peace Pope""Why can't we all just get along."  "Let's hold hands on this mountaintop and sing."  Look a bird, I need to bless it.  Oh look a flower, I need to bless it.  Oh , look an earthworm I need to bless it.  Someone help me up."Someone tell him he doesn't have to bless bunny rabbits they do alright on there own.Poor 007 Cardinals they worked so hard on that report.  Can you imagine how hard it was to find a necklace cross with a microphone in it.  Hey, you try hiding a handy cam in one of those red hats.They might have they might have to explain the Aston Martin rental fees ? I bet the tailor is still telling friends about sewing three tuxedo cassocks.  By the way guys, you have to take down the Bond girl posters in your quarters now.MI-5 called they are still looking for three British Navy lieutenant commander uniforms. . . oh, and one Walther PPK went missing.Look a butterfly, I need to bless it.  Oh look, a pony.  No your holiness, that is a Fiat.  Is anyone checking the gourds he is drinking his Argentina tea out of.Goody, goody a crate. Open it.  This is odd.  Cat of nine tails, bullwhips, handcuffs, chains, feather boas, thigh high boots,  Swiss guardsman, isn't this is plastic.  Isn't this awful big for a cigar ?Oh. look a caterpillar.  I need to bless it.SamWelcome ' Mr. Personality' . . . the farcical over-exposure of FrancisI . . .everybody todaywants notoriety, publicity, 'hype' exposure, saturation media coverage, popularity. I guessMr. Bergoglio is no different, he is just a man, nothing more who is exploiting himself to the hilt . . .not very dignified I must say . .leave him for the catholics and leave the rest of usalone . .this is become OBSCENE. What's next . .a miniseries, a pope-doll, realitytv icon?With all this media-frenzy which Bergoglio is not resisting . .maybe the next media exposure will be in the vatican lavatory.

Maybe he should, and also ask Pope Benedict Arnold why he abounded ship when he heard the bank has a hole in it.

...the article assumes he can read.  The religious are not known for their comprehension of fact, logic &amp; rationale.  You understand those concepts by being able to read.For example, the xtian indoctrination manual teaches that snakes can speak &amp; that you can live in the belly of a whale -- and people believe this.

The pope francis must realize that the supreme council of the inquision has failed (  which was introduced to stop protestant ideas, at any cost !  ) for as the printing press ,quickly moved ideas, our new technology is,instant ! So stop the veil of holyness, we are aware of the facts, while you wish to adress us as , the natives of columbus arrival !

As though he does not know about it. Let them celebrate now before the International Court of Church crimes comes knockin!

To select a man ACTIVELY involved with the torture of dissidents under the military Junta as Pope is shocking beyond belief.

Pope Francis has been pope for a week and the media is already yelling at him for being too slow. How about yelling at Obama for being too slow in closing Guantanamo Bay or Congress for being to slow for passing a budget?

About John Paul 1  in respect to the new Pope and the similarities.Sister VicenzaSister Vicenza found the Holy Father Pope John Paul 1 dead at approximately 4:45 a.m. on September 29, 1978 and was forced to keep silent by the Secretariat of State, Cardinal Villot, who imposed a vow of silence upon her to cover-up the whole affair. The secretaries were likewise forbidden to advise anyone of the events without Cardinal Villot's authorization.  A trustworthy person conveyed to Fr. Saez personally that Sister Vicenza had said, "But the world must know the truth."Sister Vicenza gave two conflicting reports concerning the state that she first found Pope John Paul I. According to her breathless words to a group of French priests that same morning, it was "in his bathroom" that she had "found him dead."  Yet another report (no doubt arranged by Cardinal Villot), says that Sister Vicenza entered the room and found the Pope sitting up in bed, "with an expression of agony" before he died.  This discrepancy is very important: if it was determined that Sister Vicenza found the Holy Father dead in the bathroom, still in his papal robes, this would indicate that Pope John Paul I died shortly after his "toast" with Cardinal Villot the night of September 28, 1978./

If Pope Francis chooses to do something about the problems in the Vatican I hope he remembers this.Pope John Paul I died only 33 days into his Pontificate (August 26, 1978 - September 28, 1978). It was one of the shortest reigns in the annals of the papacy. The official cause of death was myocardial infarction (a heart attack). But there was a great deal of confusion in the details of his sudden death, and many were crying - murder!The "Smiling Pope," as he was affectionately called was born Albino Luciani on October 17, 1912 near Belluno, Italy. He was ordained in 1935, made Bishop in 1958 and became patriarch of Venice in 1969. He received his cardinal#$%$ in 1973. He was a staunch believer in ecumenism and the reduction of Church wealth. He was warm, humble and had no aspirations for the papacy. After Pope Paul VI died, Luciani was elected on the second day of the Conclave in 1978. He refused to wear the papal tiara or to be carried in the gestatorial chair. He was praised as a liberal reformer who read Mark Twain. He was on a mission to reverse the Church's position on contraception, cleaning up the Vatican bank and dismissing many Masonic cardinals.Many Roman clerics were HOSTILE towards Luciani. It was rumored he was DELIBERATELY elected by cardinals keeping secrets that he was too weak to bother them and his health would cause him to die prematurely in office. However, to the surprise and consternation of those very same cardinals, Pope John Paul I immediately investigated the Vatican Bank and wanted to clean house of any prominent prelates who were Freemasons.He was about to make a series of DISMISSALS and new appointments and REMOVE those accused of financial and other misdeeds. All this has been construed as a motive for his murder.

He probably hasn't finished "The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire" either....Give the man some time!Top Secret.... ????

He'll probably "step down" as well..as soon as he realizes there is no way out of this one and the CHURCH IS DOOMED to fall. Pray fast and hard and run like hell..."Francis" .

The new pope needs our prayers and support.

Leak schmeak....... We already heard all that in the last 15 or so centuries......

Seems according  to this article,that many unknown problems within the C.Ch. had been hidenfrom the public;and that's wise,cause even many catholics are allready sick with what we know; imagine what woul happen if they let the fat cat,out of the bag?

I wish you guys could leave the pope alone for one day?

c'mon , give the man a break, he'll have a tough job to do!!!  Let him enjoy the moment!!!

GIVE HIM SOME BREATHING SPACE

If he did he'd likely resign.

Vatileaks is a ridiculous word.If the pope was honest, he would simply reveal all the indecency to the public and begin a true cleansing of the establishment.I'm not sure how priests can have any political leverage that seems to be there for a cleansing not to happen. Political leverage usually comes from powerful and/or wealthy people. As far as I understand, priests have no money nor power, here on Earth that is. And if they're sinning in their gay manner, they won't have any power assist from God.So I'm not sure how this sickness can't just be cleansed.Who cares about the leaks!!!!!!! How about some discourse and action on the rape of children and it's cover up?

The pope has better things to do than reviewing the wrongs of the past. Please, pray for him to have more wisdom in handling the issues for the church.

May Pope Francis continue to be blessed and bring the Holy Spirit to His flock.there are some folks who  have too much time on their hands and minds,may the Spirit  keep them from spreading lies and stories that do not elevate women or men.every body has a past,yet we must attempt to  follow the  teachings of the Master to re-align our hearts and souls.

Please pray for the new pope.

More news about this new pope really? this is getting annoying.

Then, don't tread it or view it or hear it.

Lets get our eyes from these things and turn our eyes again to the LORD JESUS CHRIST !

He hasn't had time to even find his own restroom.  It's just been a few days.

TOP SECRETEyes Only"Time Travel is a reality and we are not alone"May we meet?

Why is a church dealing in supposedly classified information? Nasty pedophiles!Pope Francis is taking names and going to kick some Assisi.

I bet they'll be a lot of things he "won't see". When it came to sexual abuse of children, the last 2 popes were real good at "not knowing anything" and "playing dumb".

Put a copy in the pope's bathroom, it'll make good on the john reading!

He also is still in another Century with those silly clothes!

How do you turn around 10,000 lumbering old geezers? I doubt you can honestly do that.To me the church and it's 14th Century mentality remains intact, alive and well.

The mafia cult needs to be shut down and the money and land given back to the poor folks it was stolen from. Lock the doors until the things can  be sold and the money given to the poor.

You'll know when he's read it because a few in the Curia will be sent to the missions field in not so nice spots of the globe. The pope already signalled his intent to give "mercy" by his Angelus recently, but a few will be ineligible because they are under blackmail already so an ongoing risk no matter how contrite they are in the confessional.  Stay tuned.  He seems like he's man enough to do it.

Are you Christian ? Bible says,  DO Not Eat Pork and do not Drink Alcohol...................

He's looking for a hole big enough to stick his head in.

At least we didn't get a black pope.   We don't need one of those boys ruining the church like obama ruined the US.Return of the flyin spaghetti monster

Francis still looks like Dr. Strangelove to me.

Like I said before...the Roman Catholic Arch Diocese needs to be purged of all of its reprobate minds to offer a righteous sacrifice unto The LORD of Hosts to regain HIS Respect and to become priests unto HIM once more.

It all Illuminati at the top of the Vatican, the United Nations, the Royal Family, and Rothschild Bankster Cartel. Everything is a lie. Go directly to God and accept to phoney middle men who insert themselves in that role. Read the Lost Gospels that Rome censored from the Bible when the sterilzed Jesus into the image you have today. Jesus defied Rome with every ounce of his being and Mary Magdalene was who he asked to be the first Pope. Its all a sack of lies. Read the pre-Torah Sumerian tablets, Lost Book of Enki - ET 'god'.

But I'll bet he hasn't missed an issue of "Boys' Life".

He reminds me of Jerry Sandusky.  Really creepy looking dude.

Gracias a Dios que tenemos un papa que va resolberlos problemas de la Santa iglesia catolica,  basta ya, esta esta iglesia es la que fundo Jesucristo Amen.

I see he's marketing his face on KY Jelly in all gay bar bathrooms.

I can see the spin coming. Cardinal Gogooglio dropped a nickle which Benedict picked up and kept form himself, sparking internal conflict and investigations into corruption and mismanagement.  Out of shame Benedict resigned.

I hope this Pope brings in Vatican III  We need change!letting him watch the video would be better....

The Cardinals are as educated about house scandals as the White House is about its own.

vatileaks? is that when a choir boy's butt leaks?