I can't believe this thing is still going on....

I think this "expert"  just finished her off.  To think, none of this would have happened if Jodi would have run out the front door..... and no, Travis would not have followed because he was NAKED and WET.

I can't believe that the defense would even put this clown on the stand.

The word "reliability" shouldn't ever be used in the same sentence or story having anything to do with Jodi Arias. (unless it's referring to being an habitual liar)

Man are they overpaying for this guy! Doesn't come with needed notes and books, admits he should have given ptsd test again after he found out she lied. Keeps speculating, and is basing his diagnosis, etc. off of the things this proven liar has told him. It is fun to watch the prosecutor make him look like a j*ack#$%$ though!

She is so creepy

You know brutally murdering someone by shooting, stabbing, and cutting him to death then dragging him down a hallway might just give you ptsd- might be more evidence she is guilty?

I have Ptsd and amnesia, I can not remember what I did yesterday, but I DID NOT KILL ANYONE. I am sure she has PTSD and amnesia but you do not kill someone like she did.She did it because of a jealous rage. OMG.

Whatever.  She's a danger to society and if released will kill again.  On that alone, lock her up.

The outcome of Samuels test and study was decided before he ever met Jodi,the defense does not hire people to help them lose! These clowns should not be allowed in a court room. Just another way to waste taxpayer money. Samuels said he was being paid $250.00 an hour and has been on this case for three years. Jodi murdered Travis in 2008 and the trial started in Jan. of 2013. It seems we do not have a Justice System any longer but our Legal System must be laughed at the world over.Watch out guys! If she gets away with this, you will have another Ted Bundy at Large!

This woman is a bonefied PSYCHO.

What the hell is that fungus growing around her mouth?...Nasty

So after stabbing the young man over 30 times, shooting him, and slitting his throat, SHE is the one suffering. From PTSD. And amnesia. Even though she took painstaking, elaborate steps to cover up the crime, including putting the camera in the washer and leaving a voicemail for the victim the next day. Ted Bundy probably got a little nervous after the fact as well. But he's not a pretty young chick, so he's held responsible for his crimes.

This psycho has already admitted killing Dexter.....because she is nuts! why do we even need a verdict?

i bet this psychologist has reoccuring nightmares about showing up for court without his pants

HOW can you base a ptsd on a pack of LIES....he should lose his license..He charges 250.00 an hour what a fraud..

Life in prison or death penalty is good....although the latter is preferably.  How much is this costing the taxpayers of AZ is my question.  It's not like Casey Anthony who has her freedom.

Hope the jury does the right things and find her guilty of 1st degree murder

Jodi Arias is out and out creepy!  A living, breathing, true to life monster.  That she is capable of stabbing a naked and defenseless human being while in the shower is unthinkable.  This woman is pure evil, a modern day Lizzie Borden.  Lock her up and throw away the key!Take her to the city park and hand by the neck until dead......Let the world know what happens to murdering creeps here in America......

This should have been an open and shut case...based on Travis's wounds alone this was not a call for self defense...it was, in fact, an overkill....convict her and sentence her to death!!

trials like these will go on for over a month. i've been on jury duty quite a few times in my life and unlucky for me, i'm always selected as a juror and the trials i sit on always last longer than one month.

No Medical professional with integrity can be hired by a defense attorney. They are paid to tell a story.

She claims she was in an abusive relationship.  She also lived in another state many hundreds of miles away.  Just get out of that relationship and be done with it.  Don't kill the guy.  She could have avoided all of this and went on with her life.  She wasn't lacking males who were interested in her.  I agree that it was a jealous rage or aleast looks that way.

Liar, nut, sociopath, murderer, liar again.

Amnesia and PTSD? Give me a break she is a lying conniving witch.

Martinez totally destroyed this ill-prepared "expert"! It was fun to watch as the "expert" fumbled, stumbled, and got totally flustered and then admitted that he neglected to include all the "test results" in his report...and than tried to "ADD" them during his testimony! What a complete mess for the defense! Not that there is a defense since her own photos show that he was dead at the time he was supposedly attacking her!

We all make choices.  She made hers and will pay the price.

At this point I am not certain even she knows what the truth is.These thumbs down people are freaking me out. Almost as creepy as she is . And speaking of creepy what's with that female attorney?

Prior to her arrest, she was doing headstands in the interrogation room, singing, and admonishing herself for not putting on her make up.  She is a sociopathic murderer and a very, very disturbed individual!  The question should not be whether or not she should be locked up for the rest of her life...it should be where!

Please, just make her go away !!!

WHY ARE THEY DRAGGING THIS OUT! she admitted she killed the guy,she's just trying to NOT get the death penalty.  let the jury do their job already,this is getting really stupid.

So, if you had a rough childhood, bad relationships, dead end jobs, and a sexually abusive boyfriend (yet never filed any police report but drove to his place to have sexual relationship with him), then you get to shoot and stab a person and blame on PTSD and Amnesia.This person had a choice to get counseling from non profit or religious group free of charge, attended relationship workshops, better her education and call 911 and leave that abusive boyfriend and most of all, not to drive to that abusive boyfriend's apartment in her own car.

Amazing how she cannot recall what she did after shooting her victim in the head, which was that she stabbed him 30 time and then slit his throat with a knife that was conveniently located nearby where she shot him, but that she clearly recalls dragging him into his shower, then cleaning up the crime scene, tossing the gun into the desert as she fled, leaving a fake message on his cell phone and on and on.  Her memory appears only to be missing the utter brutality of her use of a knife that she brought to the crime scene. Odd. The good doctor is a fraud. Was he paid in advance as actual experts are supposed to be before they objectively administer psycholigical evaluations of attorneys' clients? Or was he paid as he did his "work"? The latter would be unethical and render his obviously illegitimate findings entirely bunk.

what the heck does PTSD have to do with any of this ......I'm sure she has this along with the fact that she is a freakin' sociopath and psychopath.......whats important is that she planned his murder and did it.................."the hands"....thats all we saw when she was on the stand for weeks...those "huge" hands.....

dam this bich is never going to shut up?

I've heard of Circuit Court but this would have to beCIRCUS COURT ! Out of control, day after day.This jury has gotta be ready for some therapy sessions.Geez...............

Plainly, this sociopath IS CRAZY! But one thing we know, SHE'S A DANGER TO SOCIETY!   This "victim" needs to be locked up somewhere where she can't kill anybody!!!This is one scary woman. She needs to be locked up never to see the light of day again.

Look in her eyes, there's no soul. Only evel!

this may be the 1st time the trial is longer than the appeals process.

Oh my gosh. Just convict this woman. Her story keeps changing, so she's obviously lying about one, or multiple, things. There are pictures. Every bit of evidence points to her killing her boyfriend. Let's not make her another Casey Anthony-type murderer who gets away with her crime.

everything that comes out of her mouth is a lie so why is anyone surprised?She is just a rotten apple.

GUILTY! Next case.

Is this trial ever going to end? I can't think of any more jokes to type about it.

Testimony for money and your chicks for free.

PTSD from what a bad hair day?

I'm surprised she didn't cut off his pecker too...she a disgrace so is the people that give her the time of day..she the reason why real victims get killed or land in prison not being heard in court trying to defend themselves and kids..she a cheap #$%$ that got rejected and allowed her boyfriend to treat her like trash just to get his aproval..lock her up already before she gets a hold of your son.

well, if they are questioning the evaluation they should do another one. Also, Samuels, should use common sense. Lets face it, the way she smiles and jokes around after killing this guy the way she did, even if she does not remember, just by looking at the pictures, she should be horrified; but no, she seems ok. She is nothing but a sociopath.

This evaluator needs an evaluation, he's clearly got a chubby for a pathological killer who would gut him like a fish and laugh. Buying her a Hallmark card and a book? He's a sorry little man.

Imagine all the poor and sick people the money that is being wasted on this trial by the State of Arizona, could help.  Why is this trial still going on ???  I can sum it up quickly:  Unstable woman jealous of ex-lover moving on without her, into another relationship, &amp; kills the dude in a jealous rage.  Oversimplified ?  Maybe, but the Lying Sociopath murdered that Dude in cold blood, &amp; it sure as hell wasn't self defense.

Just hang the beach and be done with it.

THat #$%$ is still breathing?

She's not crazy, she knows exactly what she is doing!

i've followed this whole trial.  may she get the death penalty for what she did.  her eyes tell her story...that she's capable of murdering again. and what a joke this samual is. so glad they ate him for lunch. she's a manipulating lieing #$%$ that thinks she's gonna get off.  i hope they get her good. the problem is nobodys focusing on premeditation.  that's what she's all about.  she planned it all, gave him one last chance and he said no, so she killed him.

There is something missing in her eyes!

Psychoanalysis is a wonderful thing but it is not an empirical science, like genetics or particle physics. This means that too much of it can be "fudged" - interpreted to mean anything one wants it to mean. "Trauma?" We've ALL suffered trauma. The question is: Was the trauma Jodi Arias allegedly suffered sufficient to induce the kind of rage that must have been present for her to kill the victim in such a heinous manner? If the trauma she suffered was so terrible, is there anything in her experiences since the killing, while in jail, that we can point to as a manifestation of this trauma, such as harming herself or other inmates? Is she displaying symptoms of such trauma now? If not, why not? Answer these questions satisfactorily and maybe I'll by that she was somehow under the sway of trauma when the crime occurred.Dishonesty is very common with those like this guy.  He is being paid $250 an hour by the defence so he is obligated to provide a report that benefits the defence...and this is why expert witnesses in court trials is such a sham...

This is the most evil "woman" if I can even call her a woman.  She is psychotic.

she thinks she's fooling everyone

This women has told so many lies that by now if she actually told the truth she might burst into flames.

March Madness:Norman Bates Sister Incarnate!She came with the Plan, Gun, Knife, &amp; Rope, she was 'Rejected' so she Shot, Stabbed, &amp; Gutted, this Man for rejecting her.She Drug him into the Shower to rinse Evidence &amp; Blood away, she Disposed of the Gun, Knife, &amp; Rope. Then Drove on her Merry-way, satisfied that "He'll Never Do That To Another Girl"!

March Madness:The Human Fog Rolls In!This is Nothing More than: "Out of My Cell Time!

In the good ole days of Arizona; she would be dragged by a horse, tar and feathered, and swinging from a TALL OAK TREE!

so....." i don't remember anything but my story keeps changing and it's always not my fault."

@@ "he had more partners in the past than I had" ...... So I killed him as many times as I could!!!!!!!!!

She worked the psychologist, just like she cons everyone she can. She took her jacket off to show him some skin today, and made her sad little girl face, trying to look vulnerable - the poor sap was falling over himself trying to defend her.I would love to be her executioner.  I would begin by pulling her stupid "I'm an intellectual nice girl" glasses off and smashing, then grinding them under my foot. I'd then ask her if she had any last words but would give her no time to answer.  I would quickly pull the infamous knife switch, sending that fatal electrical current through her filthy body!  Burn baby Burn!!

Of course, maybe she has just forgotten planning Travis's execution.

One scary young lady. Also, I agree, this is taking far too long. Has she mesmerized everyone in that courtroom our what?

And finally, the jury is diagnosed with PTSD after listening to this travesty of justice. Samuels is seen passing out questionaires and party hats to all jurors, and enters the results on his Facebook page for forensic analysis at a later date.

No, really. What the hell is wrong with me? This woman's become my dream date or something!!!

Now how long has this been going on now....they convicted Jesus in less time...and he was the Son of God ....according to the  Christians

This witch is going to hang...

They convicted a grandmother for shooting a grandson that may or may not have posed a threat to her well being.  She was convicted extremely fast with a short trial.  Now what the hell is taking so long to convict this murderer.  It is a rule lawyers make to so they can make more money.  What else could it be.

I hope the jury gets this right, and finds her guilty of 1st degree murder. There's just too much evidence. As far as prosecutors, any guy on the street could do a better job than Juan Martinez. He totally lacks the skills, but will get the credit in the end. I just can't get past him--what a weasel. There's nothing worse than an attorney who twists words and statements to get them entered on the record. So below the belt--and totally unnecessary.

THE NEVER ENDING STORY...................I want to marry this women. The only utensils in our house will be sporks, and no guns. I'll have metal detectors at all the doors and windows:)

Inject her with rat poisoning already,get er done .she is a cold blooded killin machine.

Is it just me or is everyone creeped out by her "Night of the Living Dead" hands in this photo.Backrub anyone??????????

Bet the male jail guard's will have fun with her, every night:O)

I was searching you-tube for a song by Belle &amp; Sebastian called "She's Losing It" &amp; when the list displayed it was peppered with videos of Jodi Arias. My first thought was this search engine sucks &amp; then I realized it's the song title. I had to laugh.

Doc said that when he met her she has self extreme problems. The guy who introduce them that she did not have that. I suffer from self extreme. I was told that i can't do this or i can't do that by my parents, but you do not see me killing anyone. Just a cope out in my opinion.

Is it me, or does Jodie bear a striking resemblance to the Mother in Texas that killed her kids, then claimed insanity ?

Anyone who believes anything  Jodi  I  Can  not   remember Arias says ,I got some igloos to sell you in South  America !

Why does this continue.  She's obviously lying though her teeth.  Lock her up and throw away the key.  She's a sociopath.

do not understand why take so long... she did plan and  killed the guy.. period.There was time when if we read this trial we would have believed it was a screen play-now this kind of #$%$ seems to be working--hence Casey Anthony!

Wow, talk about overkill.  This was one really #$%$ off chick.

If they only found the gun. That would tell alot.

she will kill again don,t let her out

She looks like a Salem witch...

Spare me all of this liberal BS and let me know when it's over.  I can't wait to see her swing!

Death Penalty or Life imprisonment? Electric chair will be the best for her

Dr. Quack. Oh yeah, and Arias say's she was abused as a child because her mom spanked her with a wooden spoon. My mom used one on me when I was misbehaving, and it kept me in line for the most part. To me, that was not abuse, it was tough love. Oh, and her Dad pushed her once. PUH-LEEEZ! How is that relevant to slaughtering another human?

I believe the only thing Arias's EXPERT is an expert at is being the WORLD'S BIGGEST BUFFOON !!!!!!Where's his big red nose and big floppy shoes ????!

Not that murder is cool, I have never seen a clip about or article about her defense team just her on the stand.  Fleeting thought, wonder if she would accept a sex slave contract for her freedom and occasional denny's breakfast.Cheers.It takes two to tango. I'm not saying Jodi is innocent but the guy/boyfriend should have called it quits a long time ago.

This prosecutor, is grand standing, he should be busted across his mouth numerous times with a baseball bat.  He is one sick s.o.b. like many who hold these positions.

She's cute

I am a psychologist and what this doctor is stating is true.  A diagnosis is possible under these circumstances, the prosecutor has little knowledge of psychological assessment and he himself needs one because he demonstrates a great many psychological deficiencies of his own.

i can understand why black people get so mad. if this crazy chic or casey anthony had been black  , their trials would have lasted about three hours, before the guilty verdict was handed in.

This whole story is so phony, she has continued to make up lies to cover more lies and she can't "recall" her lies...there is no PTSD because it was not Post Traumatic...it was Pre Meditated...there is too much evidence to show that she had planned this confrontation and the what she was ready to do. The gun that was stolen from her grandparents, the rental car, the gas cans, the phony stories, shooting him in the head first before stabbing him 29 times and then slitting his throat, then dragging his body to the shower, the phone calls to Travis after the murder, going to see another man without any sign of trauma after the murder and all of the evidence that shows that this is not a post traumatic incident. She was able to take time to clean herself up after the murder...she put the camera in the washing machine, so she had ample time to do things after the murder that would make a person stop and think about their actions, not someone that was unorganized, stressed....they need to testify about how easy it is to convince a specialist that someone can suffer from PTSD...any person can sit in a room and say how they were abused...especially if the accused is dead...no matter what any psychologist testifies to, she has lied from the beginning, and the only thing I can see happening is that the jury has an issue putting her to death.  They need to think about how the public will feel about having to pay for keeping her in prison for the rest of her life, where she will get medical, dental care, daily meals, access to more ameneties than a lot of people have in the outside world. I  have a daughter that is Bi Polar and I have seen her manipulate the system for years, she knows how to work things so it works for her benefit, even using PSTD as an excuse...along with whatever other excuse works for the situation...I see that same type of action from Jodi Arias...I see the possibility of Bi Polar from her...but is still not an excuse...because a Bi Polar person knows right from wrong, but they will use every excuse they can find, put blame on others, never accepting personal responsibilty, but very capable of murder, only to use excuses to justify their actions.

She is a creeper. A mans nightmare. She does not care that he is dead, You can see it in her face. She is literally acting almost normal as can be. She keeps changing her story every time i hear it on tv.

Lying #$%$ syndrome!

THEY NEED TO HANG AN TIED HER UP

Casey Anthony was a travesty. Her daughter was found with heart shaped stickers on her duct-taped mouth identical to those found in Casey's room, but she still got off. Justice is not gauranteed-I hope the jury sees through Jodi's lies. She is a sociopath, possibly a psychopath, and this Samuels guy reminds me of the Creature From the Black Lagoon-very reptilian!!!!I know I like a #$%$ crazy saying yep but I did not mean too. (reason) the duration of love was not strong enough. To hold my mental state.

Psychologist for the defense diagnose order form: $10K for abused childhood, $20K for sexually abused by father ($30K for father and brother), $40K for PTSD, etc.......

She better hope for the reincarnation of the O.J. jury.

I just hope the jurors on this trial have common sense.  I'd hate to see another Casey Anthony outcome,  Jodi Arias is a very dangerous person and should never see the light of day

She is evil looking.

Whether it is premeditated or self defense, there is no doubt in my mind that the gun was first. He was left in the shower with his left side facing out, so it would be unlikely he was shot last in the shower. If he is on the ground on his back, very difficult to get that trajectory from top of right eyebrow to left cheek.I will concede she could have shot him first in the shower. Her story also fits. What doesn't fit is that he was shot last or second to last. The prosecution first said he was shot first, then later insisted that it was impossible. They are in such a rush to claim depravity so they can get the death penalty that they have created real and significant reasonable doubt in this case.All the people screaming for 1st degree murder never thought about this and cannot explain it

Why do I have a feeling somehow she will get off? Could it happen just like O.J and that baby killer Casey Anthony...It seems like the ones you know are Guilty always get off?

When she get out give her number.  She look like a lot of fun. Just get plastic knives.

Would it not be normal to have much distress after stabbing a boyfriend27 times, (latley increased to 30 by the inaccurate media)  How aboutbefore she did him in.

If she gets anything less than 1st degree premeditated murder--I will totally lose faith in our judicial system.  Oj, Casey Anthony,,,,,please not this one too.Samuels, the "snake oil salesman" brought to you by Arizona tax payer dollars at $250per hour.  No wonder the county's going broke.

HLN sure is messing up this trial just as much or more than Casey case they are now a home shopping network  5 minutes of trial and 10 minutes of commercials  selling just about everything  money money money

if there were any truth in her, she would not hurt a fly. whosoever kills somebody has the devil, the father of liars, dwelling in him or her.

Time to see her fry!

Whether she suffers from PTSD or not she still planned to kill this guy.  It shows in actions she took before and after the crime.  OK so what you don't remember the act but you planned and carried it out and tried to hide it.  Still guilty in my book.

Amnesia my #$%$. It's called selective memory aka compulsive liar. Apparently he missed class when diagnosing a sociopath was the topic. Even so you can stick a fork in this sub human creature she's been done. I don't think she deserves the death penalty. That's the easy way out. Let her rot in a prison cell for the rest of her life with her own kind.

I think he's really a prosecution witness....

This woman is why we have the death penalty. She should be put to death. I cant think of no other female, in Cali.who deserves it more......

There's an EXTRA SPECIAL spot for this vile poor excuse for a human being over in the darkest corner of Hell, visited by the Spirit of Mr. Alexander - as she left him in that shower.  Smiling.

lol yea, look at these hands that stabbed my ex 26 times in a jealous rage, slit his throat, shot him in the head, and then dropped a camera that snapped pictures of me dragging his body! These hands!Why is it that many psycho women die their hair blonde? Seems that they like to exceed their attractiveness to rope in suckers like Travis. I went out with one just the same-she was a pathological liar and bleach blonde and could actually believe her own lies. These women are very scary, as they have no boundaries or limits of self-serving behavior. Most end up in jail, but many do not.Jodi-prison suits you very well. Enjoy the deluxe accomodations and gourmet menu.........

the social sciences are not science at all.

Standing on her head, professing how she wished she had make-up on for her booking photo-the real Jodi si in the interrogation room. Battier than a college freshman on cheap beer. My only surprise is that she didn't offer oral sex to the detective before her 30 years of lesbianism behind bars.

Now why should the truth have anything to do with a accurate psychological evaluation? LMAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I am not taking up for her , but isn't the the prosecuter doing a lot of badgering Arias, the defense hasn't objected any that I can hear

If Jodi Arias doesn't get convicted, I think its pretty clear she needs a beating.

I seen that guy and a million more just like him she did the right thing you can tell he was a piece of #$%$

#$%$. Give her lethal injection and call Waste Management to haul away her lying, filthy carcass.

no comment

she needs to spend the rest of her life in jail, or visit Sparky. She is so guilty it is pathetic. I can't stand to look at her lying face. STOP making excuses America . She MURDERED someone's son!!!! Let's end this.does anyone believe a word this female monster says? There is nothing but lies every time she opens her mouth. Get it over with already!

I sure wish they would televise her execution. I would like to see that smirk wiped of her face when they put the needle in her arm.

They need to lock her up for life with her defense lawyer, the big oaf that talks so slow. She'd kill him in about 1 day. I hope the State is not paying for her defense lawyers, they're terrible, even though I want to see her fry. Of cource, who would want to represent her? This jury better quit asking questions and CONVICT her. No Casey Anthany trial here, please.

Crazy chicks are great in the sack.

She remembered where the gun, knife and rope were after she killed him but still during her supposed fog, because she gathered them up and removed them from the house, later ditching them after miraculously snapping out of it. Oh, Cousin It, what a piece o#$%$ are.

We already know she is guilty so why should we care about her health at this point? She was healthy when she committed the crime to prep the needles already and move on

She planed it for weeks. First she stabbed him in the back nine times, then stabbed him twenty or so more times, then cut his throat from ear to ear, and finally with just a small spark of life left in him, shot him in the head with the gun she stole from her grandparents house.

What Mr. Martinez did in his cross-examination of Dr. Fog was show 'lies in, lies out.' After Mr. Martinez got done annhilating this expert witness, it was absolutely clear that the defendant and her counsel told the psychologist at the outset to find PTSD so as to fit their defense strategy. The only thing missing from this witness on the defense stand was a clown outfit and makeup.

I would fornicate with her. I hear she is kinky!

Her and OJ Simpson would make a good pair.Well, she should hang, but I'm thinking she'll get life in prison - where she will manipulate other women until "butch" comes along and puts her in her place.

She needs a Man o' Cure.

look at these hands, they wouldn't kill a fly.

I have dated a few women like this in the years past, very sociopathic personalities, everything was always my or someone elses fault! they never took responsibility for anything they did, but could tell a good story!

I wrote about my experiences in the Maricopa County Jail in my book My Life/ Inside Out by Angelo R. Avila Jr. and its no picnic in there. I believe that she should get life in prison, which to me is way worse than the death penalty.

save my tax dollars and put this nasty monster down .

I like girls a lot, but I don't see sex in this girl.  She would have to pay me to offer my body to her.

Funny part is wasnt he some other kind of doc before he became their expert shrink

Even still, she lied less than every politician in Washington.

Isn't anyone who has the nerve to kill insane,  No questions?Ye right.

bad looking ticket for sure ....

put a bullet in her head and that dumb female defence lawyer they both give me the creeps

She's brown bread.

I think Martinez is doing a wonderful job, I still see some people questioning the gun or knife being used first thing, I think what would bring it home is knowing something about throat wounds. I think her first thought was to shoot him but she was afraid someone would hear and one of the main part of her plan was that no one ever knew she was there that night, so I think the knife in the shower idea came along, but she still carried the gun just in case she could get him somewhere private. She didn't expect that boy to fight back or to try and run from her so the scene was messier than she planned, but once she dragged him back to the shower and cut his throat, she still thought he wasn't dead because when someone's throat is cut, air bubbles along with blood, gurgles from the windpipe and it actually sounds like a moaning person. Usually the reason a person continues stabbing is because their ears hear the victims voice from the windpipe, hence so many stab wounds. But when she still heard moans she decided to shoot using something to muffle the shot and that's when she shot him in the head. She still stuck with her plan to clean, but when she realized that the scene was messier than she planned she gave up and abandoned that section of her plan, but like most killers that plan to the letter, she went on to the next step of her original plan. She was so focused on her original plan it gave her tunnel vision and she didn't see all the evidence she left behind. Plus people watch too much tv, things never go as perfectly in real life. I have to say, Martinez is the best I've seen in a while, I hope the jury is with him 100%.

Do I understand this?  A wacko sex pervert kill another wacko sex pervert?  What is it with religious FUNdamentalists?  Just wondering?

male or female,  black or white is not the issue.  Some people are just cold , arrogant , and COCKY.  Jodi Arias,  You will be hanged.  Simple as that.  Not so cocky , now are you?!!

Jodi Arias, Jodi Jodi Jodi,  Not so COCKY now are you?!!   You treated your boyfriend like #$%$, and now you are in court for his murder.  Not so COCKY now.  You Arrogant SOB.

THEIR IS NOTHING WRONG WITH THIS SUSAN SMITH BITC'''''''. SHE KNEW EXACTLY WHAT THE HELL SHE WAS DOING.  NOW SHE SITTING UP THERE PLAYING DUCK! WHY IN THE HELL THIS LASTING SO--------------DAM---------------------LONG.

Jodi Arias is about as dangerous to society as a gently falling snowflake!!Another #$%$ Murderer from Salinas, California..All that city in the Monterey County produces is murderers, gangsters, and a lot of Salad Products..

Guilty!!!!

What an actress...she suffers from narcissism...heavy...a true con-artist where she is making others really believe she suffers from amniesia...etc...that violent killing..she had to be high on drugs for sure...and that has nothing to do with her mental state...she was too doped up believe me...all this time taken up on a true killer...thank God there was not a child involved..like it was in Casey Anthony's case...where she said the child drowned..so, why did she use cloroform to put the baby to sleep and then bury her in the woods...this one is also...a habitual liar..and she killed him in a jealous rage...believe me...she is going to be found guilty for sure

I sure hope she'll be able to make a porno if she goes to jail.

1/9/13   I am surprised nobody has mentioned the grouping of doodles Jodi scratched out in court...' snow white ' like figure next to a broken heart symbol ; the pyramid with the seeing eye ; a tropical flower ; and satanic pentagram. What does this mean? Who knows. Perhaps we should feel sorry for the evil piece of work named Jodi who has a broken heart we can't see her... innocent as the driven snow because she couldn't go on a tropical vacation with Travis so he had to die.

How could he possibly BODY SLAM her  standing on a tile floor with water running off his body ?

Mental health issues are based of a therapist to the stars opinion. Like that Bi polar Bull#$%$ disorder You can fake it, then collect SSA benefits Immigrants first thing they do is claim mental illness then get on state benefits for a free ride its a bunch of #$%$

What the bleep is she doing with her hands in that picture??

Why did we get rid of public executions?

she proves that everything thats good to you is not good for you. shes creepy.you can tell in her eyes she is a physco

Look to get this thing over with, I did it!. I am so tired of seeing that winch every time I get on my P.C.. Put me out of my misery. I cannot believe that the ADA cannot close this, shoot his a#$.

She is 110% cute.  I wonder if after she gets sent to prison for life, if we can be pen-pals...

No prof that she went there to kill him

Jodi could not of made all this up and I believe Jodi was abused...Short of killing the S O B he got what he deserves...

and some of yall are not any different from  Arias! Two wrongs do not make a right, and she does have a soul btw. I was abused very badly for yrs but I never would have murdered him. I have ptsd and mpd/did.

A good butt pounding will straighten her out...

Are they asking for volunteers? I would be happy to put the needle in her arm!

Can we now just pass her around, pork her until she is walking like a worn out cowboy and then send her to jail but only introducing her to her new owner who will continue da porkingIn fact lets pass your ol lady around and we can do the same favor for her and heck could bone your butt just for kicks and grins

Great description for Juan Martinez today - "POMPOUS"!  He looked and sounded like a man that was angry over losing one side of a cream filled chocolate cookie. Talk about the defense dragging on?. Juan is about to surpass them by a stones throw. When a prosecutor begins to regurgitate scripted styling's on a personal level, a great deal of justice falls out the window. He seeks to question a well documented expert  about his ethics and intensions with regard to the defendant as if human perfection can be a reality?. Anything goes for the "bully" prosecutor right? especially when his pride is bruised with raw eggs. "YES OR NO", I ASK THE QUESTIONS SIR _ NOT YOU!". "DO YOU HAVE A PROBLEM WITH MEMORY?" Chuckle , Chuckle Juan. Mr. prosecutor, would you like the people that are really listening to point out the many instances when you back peddled and twisted your questions to avoid embarrassment?. Didn't think so. Not taking sides mind you folks, however, I think Mr. Martinez has proved his case twice already. You took a giant leap backwards today tough guy!. Talk about questionable ethics - this cross exam was like the pot calling the kettle black. If you want your legacy written as one of the legal greats in the annals of time - shut up already. The media is the only thing backing you up right now. Shut up.Another white person commiting murder.  Why are all the serial killers, mass murderers, and psychos mostly white.  Damn, if this was an illegal alien, this would have never happened.  Mexicans love their families.