As if they were serious to begin with

The Taliban are monsters and killer, why would pakistan do deals with such animals.

Good observation Prometheus.

That should not be a surprise to anyone .

This is what happens when you let terrorists live in your country and protect them.

Who here believes that the Taliban would live up to their side of "peace" talks?

Hardly surprising ... the only things the Taliban know are violence and terrorism. They'd be lost in any other sort of setting.

Just kill them all and be done with it. Problem solved.

Taliban peace talks, are you for real. These TERRORIST MUSLIMS are the #$%$ of the earth. They don't care about anyone but themselves. Wipe these SLUGS off the face of the EARTH, send them to ALLAH.

Pakistani Taliban withdraw peace talk offer after only literate member looks up "peace" in the dictionary and is unable to comprehend its meaning.

Why is this news?outside of killing and guarding poppie fields what exactly does a Taliban do?

OH OH sequester hurt your free money.

shocking (not really)... the Taliban are killing their own people however the U.S of A are the enemies... idiots..

Rethinking of harboring these idiots Pakistan?Wanna borrow a drone?

From Pakistan to Lebanon, these blood thirsty sons of pigs and dogs will never want to live in peace with the West..We need to let them know that we are done with them. Let China, Russia deal with them...

Haha! ....."PEACE?"..... Haha!....NEVER...

This whole peace talk thing is just a delay, the Taliban won't stop until they are forced into an unconditional surrender.  Pakistan takes our money, buys Chinese arms, gets free arms and aid from the US, safe harbors the Taliban, and waits until we leave Afghanistan. US foreign policy is still broke.  Foreign policy has been broke for decades. Get out or kill the Taliban.  Pick one.

i do not get it we have klled of 1000s of the taliban with drone strikes for em and yet they still whine about it

Threw out WW2 the USA had talks with Germany threw third parties.  Because the in your face talks may seem to have broken down means nothing.

Pakistan taliban - that rhymes, the only thing relevant about them! Kaboom - they'll be gone tomorrowYou cant negotiate peace with terrorists. No compromise is ever enough. Satisfy their demands today and tomorrow they will have more demands. The world didnt negotiate with Hitler so why do they negotiate with Muslims?

The Taliban are the ones that are "not serious" about peace - killing is the only thing they know, and they don't want peace...they want unconditional victory.

WHAT!!!  This must be a mistake!

Well now, that didn't take long. The Taliban says, "...the authorities were not serious about following through with negotiations." Negotiations to these people involve surrender and/or volunteering for execution. Why would one want to talk with the cowardly killers of women and children?

Fight nice but make sure you kill each other at an equal pace.

This is so shocking I have no words.......except of course the words i've written here.

Taliban are playing the same two-faced game that Pakistan has been playing with us since 9/11

I give the Pakistani Taliban credit for withdrawing their peace offer. The withdraw of their peace offer gives more credence to any peace offer that they may swear to in the future.

Hislamic law.. in other words the guys decide whatever they want, with no rules but his!

I can't believe that the Taliban do not want to pursue peace!He was a thug...plain and simple!!!

I luv it when Muslims kill each other ... they make the world a much better place.

Send the Muslim animal/dog a DRONE invitation, after he receives it, ask him again if he would like to re-think....if he's still around!!!

All within the Islamic family. It is just a temporary tussle between the creator, Pakistan, and its creations, Taliban.

Pakistan should spin off Taliban region  as a separate country and declare its self as a secular country. Until then Pakistan will never be a civil and a prosperous country.

When do we realize that this is another war we can't win. You can't deal with people who are living in the 10th century. This is religious and cultural. We don't have a chance. As soon as we're gone they'll be back and the populace doesn't have the stones to deal with them. How many more lives do we sacrifice? Please don't ask #$%$ Cheney that question.

These POS were never even remotely serious about alleged peace overtures, in fact, they are Jihadis and peace is not in their vocabulary. General Kayani, needs to initiate a long overdue military operation against Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan(TTP) in both NWF and RE-ENAGE THEM IN SWAT!These militant-murderous and cowardly "mofos" pose the greatest danger to democracy within Pakistan as well as basic Pakistan sovereignty!!!!!!!!!

The only way to make peace with an islamist is by shooting them in the head.

Middle eastern terriorists negioate then stop, just like Iran and North Korea.  Its a joke.

This isn't the first time the Taliban has backed out of talks with Pakistan. Each time they have used bombers before saying "Oops we changed our minds".  Hoping Pakistan finally retaliates with full force!Here is a free history lesson for our world leaders;people who kill or die for their religion do not compromise.

If the Pakistani government were to exterminate these vermin where ever they are, then maybe the Taliban would consider such a peace plan.

islamics and their sharia law should be nuked from the face of the earth

these apes are angry all th etime over nothing.  #$%$ em'

Ohhhh dear!  I REALLY had hopes for Pakistani [teehee] Taliban [teehee] PEACE TALKS.  I'm sorry, did that sound disingenous?

Lets stop sending them money

Talk is the cheapest commodity left on this earth! Use it or you may find yourselves constantly at war with others!!!

Note to self: Never move to a country that ends in " -stan."

Good, now we can keep killing them.

The Pakistani government must have it's fair share of morons if they thought they could "negotiate" with terrorist's. All the Pakistani government knows how to do is complain about American drones in their territory, all the while the targets we're taking out are those same ones that kill your people. And thank you so very much for keeping Bin Laden safe and comfortable all those years. @Pakistan- You reap what you sow.They will never negotiate "a peace" that doesn't include conversion or death for everyone else.

The taliban itself is not serious about any kind of pursuit of peace. Their record affirms that! They are the most hawkish group in the entire world who"s chief goal is to kill, maim and destroy. Anyone who thinks they are serious about peace needs to (1 Look at their track record around the world,(2 needs to have their heads examined..

so what will pakistan do when the pashtuns have no more distractions in afuckedupistan i guess they'll finally have that war that splits pakistan into at least two "countries" they will probably get at least 5 years of in fighting there to keep them busy but then it comes home to roost and not just the minor distractions they get from them now....oh! wait, they could start a war with india that would get them on board to go kill indians maybe they can delay it even longer.... pakistaaaaaaan you so tricky.

Allauh Akbar.

If you try to lay with a rabid dog you will get bit! Time for Pakistan to figure that out!

#$%$-Taliban-istan

Gotta love this. A "Nuclear" nation no less. Pakistan better get serious about these "insurgents". The only way... is to destroy them and their families. It's brutal but the only way to get rid of a virus is to kill it completely leaving nothing behind to take root.

Pakistan wake up this is the same ploy Bin Laden used to escape...say you will negotiate and then do what they want!

banging your head against the wall over and over and expecting a different result is a form of insanity and a cat-scan is required

Set up islamic law and observe it like I see it in my visions. Wacko dreams from to much hashhish. Then we will talk about peace. We will take you body piece by piece starting with your head. Thats taliban concept of peace.let the Muslims kill each other...just arm both sides and tell each of them that the other side are infidels and Allah wants them all killed because they have photographic proof that Mohammad had a bizarre fondness for goats...quite simple really...

Remember the story about Daniel being thrown into the Lions Den by the King of Persia. Persian's have never abandon the desire to rule the world

The Taliban should be proud that their Pork  _i_government takes them and their work seriously .......... to elevate them to the same retirement plan usually reserved for their President - death or jail !! :-)

Any country who tolerates the Taliban in any part of their country is stupid and weak

The only way we can achieve "peace" with the taliban is to wipe them off the face of the Earth.  Along with every other religious zealot, regardless of denomination.

Peace talks with the Taliban, you have to be joking, with terror you either feed it or kill it.

The guy with the blood doesn't look hurt to me, or has he been dipped in catsup like a French fry

Can we please just get all of them together for a pizza party....oh btw....one of your own will be delivering it....scared yet???

Shocking....

As I type a comment here, some one had blowed himself in middle east.Ill put my bombs down if you put yours down first!  Hey Mr. Taliban, talini bomb nana!

Why talk to  TERRORISTS group like Taliban. If they are responsible for suicide bombing and death, it is irresponsible to talk to them. Full surrender is the only options with these pastors. Will you negotiate with terrorist group on US soil?.  Why negotiate with them some where else.

SO WHATS NEW ????

Just another peace loving Islamic day in Pakistan.

Picture was taken leaving the peace talk I bet.

I guess more little girls will be shot

'Islamic law should be enforced instead."If this system is not rejected, the long, dark night of oppression will linger" THIS IS WHY IN AMERICA WE SHOULD KEEP RELIGION CONFINED TO THE HOME AND CHURCH AND OUT OF OUR LEGISLATION SYSTEM. RELIGION DESTROYS DEMOCRACY AND DIVIDES AND OPPRESSES SOCIETY. HENCE THE MISERY OF THE PEOPLE IN THE MIDDLE EAST THAT LIVE IN THEOCRACY OR SYSTEM GOVERN BY RELIGION. FFT

No negotiating with these animals.  The only thing they understand is death.

americans are far too stupid to understand  world affairs... the pakistani government are traitors against their own people, and just like the taliban says, the crooked generals are betraying their own country for bribes from washington.... kind of like how the crooked generals here in washington want to maintain  a state of endless war so they can make lots of money

If the Taliban and Pakistan can negotiate a peace deal, then it can happen in Afghanistan also. Who know what peace may ensue if people stop killing each other and start serious peace talks. Maybe if we had as many people seeking a 'declaration of peace' as seeking a 'declaration of war' we could make real progress. Jesus came a few thousand years ago preaching love not hate as the answer; and He changed history. the quote I'm fond of is " ..... as much as possible, live at peace with ALL men", this is from my memory is perhaps a bit naive but it seems like the only hope for a hate driven world. GIVE PEACE A CHANCE!Pakistan  should  make  a special  Camando  Unit  Just  to  eliminate  Talibans.They  should  have a  fast  trial  and  charged.

Let their people kill themselves and allow us to stay out of it.  I don't know anyone from there and I don't want to know anyone from there.  I love when I see them killing eachother as it should be.  If you do not stand for right, you will parish with the wrong. Stand up for you country and fight for your own rights.  I should not have to come over there and help you.  If the President sends troops there, we will impeach him.  Ask the people and them will tell you "DO NOT GET INTO THIS" or you will suffer the rath of histroy books as the worst black or white President we have even had.

No better picture than towelheads covered in blood.

The Taliban are a death cult that needs to be granted their wish.

So much for the religion of peace.

yawn... is this surprising to anyone?

if islam is religion then what is terrorism..

Most of India has been at war.  And all that is exported to the UK. So why the peacetalks to begin with. Lots of schizophrenia and paranoia with the citizens of countries at war even if they'd like to lead a career in military or abroad.

The Taliban want Islamic law ? Their Quran was written by a so called prophet who took a 9 year old bride so what does that make him ?, they mutilate their women,s genitals so they can control them, They treat their women as slaves,Their Quran tells them to hate all non followers, so why is any government prepared to hold talks with them ?. My feelings are all countries should unite to get rid of this cult even if it means killing all these idiots.

They had to, when they found out they were required to provide a home phone number and birth certificate.The Taliban aren't stupid, er, uninformed, like Obama voters.Obama told them he was pulling out, and not only THAT, he told them WHEN!!!I thank the Lord my sons are not there to be offered as a political sacrifice to buy more democrat votes. Insanity.

Don't TALK to them, man! KILL THEM!

taliban wants pakastan military to stand in rain next to large pipes fill them with rain water just like all rivers on earth only these man made use plastic sheets and is easy military manuver man ji obama is an idiot wimp pusse chicken runs hides from combat wont show his face down belvow center of peoples

i agree private mans at helm is an idiot---------taliban demands pakastan military stand in rain next to large pipes lets some rivers down here deserts----------obamba say nos    they die mans a wimp easy military manuver  wimps out hides from combat chicken

Killing, raping and suicide bombing and honor killings are a part of life in #$%$. The gene cannot be altered unless all the mooozzzziiieess are nuked are wiped out.

"The Taliban have been waging a bloody insurgency against the government for over five years that has killed thousands of people." and how it is hurting Govt in any way, only unarmed civilians are being killed.

Pakistani Taliban withdraw peace talk offer.   No really... Who would have thought they would go threw with it!

"Naeem Ullah was standing outside the courtroom when the bomber blew himself up."These people are not human beings! Barbaric people.

And this is news?

but hey were winning right... because their willing to negotiate... oh wait...throw him down the steps

Like France...schizophrenia and paranoia and its upgrade is so well intentioned that students will overlook their normal IQ so their mother can stay home and account a government disability check for a child becasue she doesn't want to work and be a home maker engineer with or without the support of a psychologist that is not a psychiatrist....hahaha...nor medical doctor...who needs healthcare.

That country needs..........1. UN Peace Keeping Forces.2. UN Courts3. UN Government.

We must have WORLD PEACE! Peace is the only solution. Sometimes though there must be war to have peace. No nation can tolerate terrorist acts of death and destruction. We will continue to pray and /or meditate for peace and the resolve of all conflict every Friday from 5-6PM, EST. This is an international effort in support of world peace. Next WORLD PEACE DAY is June 6th, 2013 if we need another one. Peace! The only answer is world peace! Pamela Bunting Lewis  March 18th, 2013.

Pakistani's are horrible to each other, why would we expect them to be a reliable partner in the war on terror when Pakistan has been a sponsor for the terror groups we are fighting against.  Let's leave soon and eliminate all aid except rice and medicine.  We can't fix their internal problems.

Negotiating with terrorists?

why are we still in afghanistan? isnt osama already dead?

Wow, the Taliban are sounding like Barack Obama with their "we will not lay down our weapons and denounce violence, but you have to attitude."  If the Taliban still want to fight while negotiations are ongoing, thenit is only far that the military kick their butts every chance they get.

Carpet bomb known Taliban strong holds! If Pakistan says no then pull out and start bombing! We are using kid gloves when we really need a baseball bat!

pakistan let the Taliban hide out there !!!!! i got one thing to say Mr.Obama stay the hell out of this and bring our TROOPS HOME NOW NOT 2014 peace out...