We do not need to step in the Path of Justice, if this is true.

This is a golden opportunity  for us not to get involved. We need to let other nations handle their own affairs and deal with the winners.

do we even know if the man was ever actually AT the embassy?  sounds like he said, she said - is he even in custody?  where is he now?

This whole situation is way over my head, but it seems to me that the Rwandan people must have the final say in the disposition of Bosco Ntaganda.

Expedite him to the United States because our criminal justice system will do nothing but force him to live out his life in one of our cushy federal prisons and we the taxpayers will pay for it.

Turn him over!

Send Sharpton to give him sanctuary

These rebels in African Countries wear 2-3 different military uniforms of various factions and to call them soldiers are warriors is a misuse of the term.Clearly these men she be deemed as lawless mercurial criminals against humanity by all civilized people and oppressors of poor and weak people!

did they check Hotel Rwanda???

kill him nowWhat ever happened to  THEONESTE  BOGOSORA ???

Did they get their information from an e-mail from a Nigerian prince?

For a 'General' his pictures show him a bit disheveled.

Bosco!!!  It isn't a chocolate drink anymore......

Kick his #$%$ to the curb.  We can't be taking in a war criminal.  Or send him to London to be a roommate of Assange.  They would get along just great.

Looks more like the doorman at the Ritz.

They set him up with the "you've won a 1986 Honda" gag.He showed up to claim it, and they had him in a waiting room watching "Baywatch" when the cops came to arrest him.

What do you expect; after all he is Obama's cousin.

He's not at the embassy and the attack on the Benghazi consulate was a spontaneous riot over an obscure film.  Wonder why people don't believe our "diplomats"?  I don't.

I don't know why all of the gang members here in the US don't just move to Africa, they could run the whole place, same structure.Soon they will start to detain all the war criminals from the US.

Will they let Bosco Ntaganda go if he has a Hawaiian drivers license?

Another relative?

Is it Hillary?

Why would we hide him?

And this is the country that executed thousands of their own people.  I have a suggestion.  Hey North Korea.  Rather than send a Nuc our way and then get you #$%$ kicked,  send one to Rwanda and do some good.  At least you'll have a chance against them..

The U.S. has historically indicated its lack of respect for The World Court at The Hague, so don't expect the U.S. to comply with International Law this time either.

If they had a drone, according to Obama's precedent they could just go pick the guy off using it.

Probably felt the presents American Drones huvering over him, and never knowing when he would get hit. Coward!

I strongly suspect that this is a false report. Our record in Rwanda isn't great, but it strains credulity to think we'd hide someone whom our own government has called a criminalCareful, Bosco. US Embassies are not a very safe place anymore, under Obama. Ever heard of Benghazi?

This bad guy, Bosco Ntaganda, is an admirer of the #$%$. He needs to be hanged for his crimes.

Wow...the words Rwanda and war crimes go together like peanut butter and jelly.

If you are going to turn yourself in, the US Embassy is a good choice. Embassy officials will turn him over, alive. He does not have that luxury with many other countries in the world.

OH Great ! Let's #$%$ of the natives !

bo will bring him here for Americans to support

You can run,but you can't hide from justice!

ah, the US looked away while rwandans were being slaughtered in the 1990s, and now he's sitting in the US embassy? hmmmmm

Simple, blow up the Embassy and blame it on a video. Case Closed

Maybe they were looking for BO's Birth Certificatewarlord Bosco Ntaganda chose a U.S.Embassy to surrender to, because he knows that obama would save him, after all, Who Cares About War Crimes?

Nice report ..like reading your horoscope saying something may or may not happen to you today

he will be on his way to the usa for food stamps, welfare, free ins and obama phone. holder and obama love these people, they will fit right in with  their plan to screw up the usa.

If he is our mass murderer we will protect him, if he was or is useful to the CIA killing people we do not want or like we will protect him. If he has outlived his usefullness or we do not like him anymore we will probably turn him over. Maybe, because he could have enough money WallStreet wants to invest on his behave.

CIA trying to get him to go do the same in iran and north korea for us and his freedom

Thank God he didn't kill Don Cheadle.

"He later joined and rose through the ranks of a different rebel group, the National Congress for the Defense of the People""We have learned from non-official sources that Bosco Ntaganda is at the U.S. Embassy in Kigali."       for the Defense of The People? Like MOST Ruthless Murderers it is all For the People. Which farging People, Those that can't fight back? No it's the Mao words come back to haunt "the people". Political POWER IS IN THE END OF A GUN!!!

Unga bunga bunga inga binga banga bunga!  -Bugs Bunny

Jungle monkies??? Weak people??? Ignorant posts like that show a value to life and humanity doesnt exist amongst us. Life is more than beer and guns fellas. Btw get off your #$%$ and fight and sacrifice for something relevant before you talk about people and a situation you know nothing about.

hell,,I thought prick chaney might have gone to rwanda.  shucks !!!!!!!That orange beret looks good on that jig

Its 2013 good lord wasn't the genoside in like the late 90's. When will there be an end to this madness

It is better if general bosco culd be handed to the icc  for him to face ekaterina trendaflova.

If he is actually at the US Embassy, the U.S. needs to let him go, in broad daylight and feed him to the wolves, his own people!

Why not?  Obama's pal Clinton vetoed UN intervention to stop the slaughter

Ever see those photos in the 1960s of chimps dressed like humans at a birthday party?  That's what this photo reminds me of.  There is zero intellect going on.

Why not, we have one in the White House..   70,000 dead in Syria..  Keep pumping the weapons in Obama...    ya idiot..

If Obama wants him safe there, that's it, Obey the King! Don't make Obama mad or pay the price.

Impeachment proceedings were started on Nixon because he covered up the theft of a few Dem FILES; Impeachment proceedings were started on Obama because he lied and covered up the MURDERS of 4 americans ...Huh, what's that you say? Oh, he got away with it? ...nothing to see here?

CNN is reporting that this guy is a 2nd cousin to President Obama. Obama has apologized to all Africans, sent $200,000,000.00 to Nairobi and says George Bush started the fight.Yeah, his name is obama!

15 year olds fought at Lexington in the Revolutionary war.

I'm guessing he got tired of looking up to see if that was a drone he heard. He needs to be handed over.

Wow... Them dudes are so black, the only distinguishing whiteness about them all is one mere eyeball and the grill on the gangsta.

uhm uhm

All of u r criminals !

yeah, he's in the back room at the embassy playing poker with Jimmy Hoffa.

Guilty by collusion is the power structure of the first world i.e. the US in the mass murder and genocide of nations. Banking on escape for themselves their concealed friends and some power tools.  Better not to have international connections.  800,000 Rwandans were murdered.9/11-01 was the reply to WTO their environmental world warfronts to float the paper currency of the Doled dolloping dollar by murdering men nations when resources are plentiful.  There is no other reason to engender race hatred between men.  Fiscal policy: A Fistful of Dollars.Osama said to address the environment and do away with the dollar.  All war is classified as an environmental concern.  Greenback is the American dollar.  Not too much to hide about a nation desecrating all other nations for no other reason then to pump its arrogance.Allah the Giver of life and death. Terminate the terminator Ntaganda.  Heal Rwandans.

burn him alive

There is two things the crisis has within Africa. The leaders are nothing but cowards and the corruption of foreign powers.Obama's stepbrother.

He thought Embassy stood for KFC

Where again was the UN when this genocide was going on?  Oh that’s right they were more concerned to legal gun owners here in the US.  The UN is the ones who need to be prosecuted.

If you all hate africa so bad then why all you pig skinnef whities are always over there trying to take something. Bush is trying to start a cooperation in this so cslled untamed country, you one sided stupid DOUCH BAGS..

Obama needs to tell the truth on Bosco's arrest. Bosco's is a Junta dictator he needs to be removed from power and they need to extrodite him to Ganeva so the International Court can send him to the jail in The Hedge. Bosco is a gangster and he needs to be put on deathrow he killed thousands of people when he worked for Brutaga and Amin.

He didn't kill any Jews so let him go

Good they need to get Bush and Cheney next

It's not just Bosco they should claim.  Everyone else at the US embassy is also a war criminal.