Big men, shoot little girls. Ain't they just the darlings of their parents?

Tough kid. Good for her. :)

"In the past 40 years, there has been a huge expansion of private schools in Pakistan."  A madrassa is not a school, and memorizing the Qur'an in Arabic is not an education.

Well, the news people have given her location right down to the house #, and how to find it, what do you call irresponsible reporting? Does anyone need this much information, it only helps the Crazies who would do her harm.

Why are these children and their families forced to hide?  It should be their attackers who should be hiding and scurrying about like cockroaches- worried about their own safety.  Afghanistan society is completely flip-flopped.  No child should fear being murdered just for seeking an education.  That is MADNESS.   We aren't living in stone age times, we have the internet, nuclear energy and space travel.  How is it that in this amazing era girls are still being barred from going to school?

If they are just going to teach them to read the Koran and that the US is the Great Satan then it is for the best.

As long as muslim extremists are in charge nothing will ever change. EVER.

Pakistan government should be ashamed of itself for allowing the Taliban to run amok in their country.  ALL Taliban should be rounded up and shot dead.

This illustrates how unsafe it is for any female in a moslem country to dream of and pursue an education. Islam: the religion of "peace".

The real question is where are all the women activists? You would think NOW would be running campaigns against Muslim behavior towards women.so sad

Backward countries with Islam as the primary religion have a long way to go in order to understand the value of female equality and personal freedom.

Islam can only exist in an atmosphere of ignorance, hate and superstition. Educating girls is the last thing that these troglodytes want. As soon as girls know that they are not stupid, Pakistan is toast. They will never let that happen.

Well, six million of 'em are girls, and no one there cares about THEM going to school.

These two girls can whine all they want, but I think Malala needs to keep up the good work.

Perfect muslims: totally ignorant!

I always wondered what happened to those two little girls, it's pathetic that they have to live in fear, they should be happy and preparing for college.  Instead, they have to be guarded 24/7 because of the in-breds who want to kill them.

We should do whatever it takes to rid the world of these roaches who target children.

Terror relies on the nature of the attacks and their horrific context outshines their real effect. People who stop shopping, won't appear as witnesses, take daughters to school or use an electronic on the Web have themselves become victims. Where are the people responsible for this? Why have they not been beheaded in the public square? Until, there is a shift for enforcing education being available to all their children, this will continue. With education and solid efforts by the goverment, both the state and the people will rise above what is going on now.

I wonder sometimes if kids and parents here in the US ever think about how fortunate we are to have the school systems we have,regardlees of how underfunded, no matter how maligned-they are OPPPORTUNIY to better oneself and have kept this country ahead of the rest for generations. Other countries without the education systems we have or the demand that the children go to school  see the need and are starving for it. Here some kids think of it as annoyance and a waste of time.Never realizing that it is education that allows them to narrow the gap between those  who have and those who have not. The story of Malala rocked Pakistan, maybe her friends can rock it a little more,until standard education is availible to all kids in Pakistan and teacher are taught to teach a standardized curriculum/ something far broader than the Madrasses offer.Wow, that is just...no words are strong enough. This is something that the rest of the world cannot fix for them. Change will need to come from within.

they pet their dogs and beat their women, something is wrong with that !

they need classrooms in the caves !

Pakistan chooses to by bullets not books

It will take thousands of years for Pakistan in particular and the Mideast in general to change and embrace western standards.

If people can read the Koran,then you can't lie to them about whats in it.You don't want the sheep smarter than the herder.That's why they hate us.

Pakistani Army? Isn't this a job for the police?

MUSLIMS:  Explain how your 'peaceful' religion is anything BUT.

The reason why these men don't educate these women is their frightened little boys, who think they are men.

Shameful simply shameful.They should try the U.S. Common Core Standards. We're expecting miracles to happen!!

Muslims, man.

Stupidity, much of it rooted in Islam; it makes the country poorer. We have some of it here too; rooted in fundamentalist and evangelical Christianily. Sometimes it is poor and ignorant, sometimes rich and ignorant; prosperity gospel. We are an ignorant nation also. What other developed country in the world does a leader get up and say, "I believe in the stength of the American people, we are a resiliant and able people, we are the greatest nation on earth"? Hitler used to do that! Why do we?

Pakistan - home of the cowardly women and children killers..

"Nice", "peaceful" religion that require "real men"" to go and kill children!

The koran is a pathetic immoral old book, with a load of inconsistencies and wickedness.muslims, leaving dead bodies wherever they go !islam is a blasphemy against humanity and Paradise is a world without muslims

Makes sense. They didn't have any schools in the 7th century so why would you expect for them to have any now. It's called ISLAM.

Why would anybody have a beautiful child and refuse to adorn them with knowledge just because the child is a girl? Sometimes you just wonder how unfair life is. Some people who don't deserve children have them and don't know the incredible gifts they have.

No male dominated radical society wants to educate their women.  An educated woman would be quick to recognize how backward and ignorant the men are who presume to run a country. In the middle east brute force is the only requirement needed to govern.

It is so sad that this "peaceful" religion is so violent....girls should be educated if they want to be...or their parents encourage it...And they shouldn't fear the Taliban coming on their bus to shoot them....it is amazing she survived!  Aparently, being an independant thinker means worthy of death...Why would any woman with an IQ above room temperature want to be a Muslim?

Pakistan is a septic tank of hatred towards women and non muslims. They support the Taliban and what they stand for.

Screwed up bunch of "men". Shooting little girls who just want to go to school. These children and their families hide in Pakistan because the men in the government do not have the balls to stand up to the Taliban. They leave it to the US. Then the Pakistan government and the Taliban equally hate the Americans. So they just stay out of each others way and kill Americans instead. It's a circle of contradiction and stupidity.

on top of human rights violations, the BIG scare is that they are nuclear capable

You would think a country like ours could find a few billion to help these country's and their education systems.

I don't even want to hear a word about the Pakistanis, they lie, they cheat, and they hate anyone that isn't Muslim. Let India and Pakistan nuke each other and maybe we will be able to understand  on line support next time we call! We should have leveled Pakistan when we found Osama hiding in their Country.

Millions of U.S. children went to school, but didn*t learn anything. Well..not much. Almost none will be employable when adult, but there won*t be any jobs anyway. Pandis et circenses, TV. Don*t worry, be happy.

Not our business....

whatever happened to the "I am Spartacus!" mindset?  their neighbors are caving in and blaming the victims, demanding that the victims move!  that's morally disgraceful.  the same thing happened to Ayaan Hirsi Ali in the Netherlands.  if we don't band together, we will surely suffer in the long run.  don't let thugs win!

Muslims say woman do not need to go to school to learn how to breed or become suicide bombers isall they are good for.The women in Pakistan are not only beautiful and intelligent that the men of that nation live in fear. My prayers are with the women and  girls.

They only bring everyone together so they can figure out who gets to siphon off what percentage of the education funds and charity donations.

what education? bunch of imbreads

Sorry to say,but Islam is not a religion of peace!

Pakistan's woes are self inflicted.  Of course it's bad.  They are plenty energetic, but everyone is working on his or her (mostly his) own behalf, and they share  benighted cultural beliefs that will keep Pakistan out of the 21st century.  Also, for some reason, they are incredibly paranoid.  I know they don't trust India-- with some reason-- but they've blown the threat out of proportion.  Then that are so obsessed with "self determination" that they don't bother pursuing any viable course of self determination.  Pakistan is economically, culturally , and often physically a sewer.  If they don't claw their way out, the entire nation will implode even further and degenerate into even more military autocracy, or, worse, tribalism like Afghanistan.  In my view, only the Pakistani's can stop circling that drain.

When this girl walks by, Chuck Norris bows his head.

They must hide because their gov't obeys the Taliban. As long as backward, uneducated people run the country, it will remain that way. I don't think they made the last leap to humanity.

The headline cites an education crisis in Pakistan, but it's obviously NOT a crisis to the government nor to the general population.  The r-e-a-l crisis is that Pakistan has nuclear weapons and likely shared that technology with North Korea (and perhaps other rogue nations).  At their core, the Pakistanis are Radical Islam, and western industrialized nations should be worried as hell.

screw pakis

these people are animals always were..i say keep up the drone strikes just for kicks there.they kill innocents for any or no reasonMany here in the US are very misinformed about Pakistan...and education for their women.It is in the small, mountain provinces where the Taliban and the religious fanatics thrive that education for women is a problem. In the large municipalities Pakistani women are more educated then their counterparts here in the US. They are  Engineers, Scientists, Doctors, Bank Presidents.....My Pakistani business partner who comes from a middle class family in Karachi has all of his female relatives either in University, or graduated. Extremely intelligent women with an International education background. His brother's three year old daughter  is  going to a private school and already speaks  English, Spanish and Urdu. She is not in school to memorize the Qur'an.

Behead those who say Islam is violent!

Folks on the right should be standing in line to help Pakistan!  Pakistan was the ONLY Country in the World when Polled during the last election; that wanted to see Mitt win! Every other Nation on Earth wanted to see Obama prevail.

I wonder how much Pak spends to maintain their nuclear arsenal?

Indian and Pakistan share the same heritage, history, roots, DNA, culture, language and what not. But why the two countries are poles apart? Only one big reason. India is a Hindu Majority and Secular, Pakistan is a Muslim Majority and Theocratic. The biggest hurdle in India becoming a developed country is also because of Muslims who are more in India than in Pakistan. God save the world from Evil Cult.

Islam is a cancer ....

Islam must be eliminated.

Girls dont want to study..They are happy staying at homes. Its the americans who want to spread their sick culture and religion in Pakistan..and we will not let that happen.

Why go to school when your only future is as a sex slave to some Muhammed mujahadeen or as a suicide bomber?

seems that countries like india and Pakistan have too many Males who dont know what to do with a woman when they get near one, why are they afraid of women, what would happen if their was a great war and heavy lost of life occured? who would bear the next generation of children, more uneducated parents? they would always be in the dark agesthis Malala is a fake (a CIA stooge).just like that little slag Nayirah's al-Sabah who presented lies about Iraqis killing babies in Kuwait (the little slag turned out to be the  daughter of the Kuwaiti ambassador to the United States, and was a CIA stooge).likewise this other little slag Malala is CIA stooge, and was supposed to be behind a blog critical of the Taliban since 2009. She was not shot in the head and her father works at the Afghan embassy in London (for the sock-puppets of the Americans)lying slag

Pakistan's current president, asif zerdaree, is a gift from us, the usa. His bank balance is now almost 2 billion. But from where? All embezzled money with properties in uk, usa and middle east. A large majority of pakistanis are fed up with the current situation. Zerdaree and his party, peoples party, have looted the country. Real shameful. The people are now getting ready for an election, most likely in may, hoping that it would bring younger and newer representatives. Former pm gilani who was indicted and removed from the job, also accumulated vast wealth and property~from the same party. Let us hope that a good and honest group takes the reign of this heavily populated country and save the people from hunger, sickness and a high rate of joblessness.

Sounds like the USA`s public school system. Everyone gets an A for trying.

These guys of the Taliban are obviously scared to death of women. This atrocity of attempting to murder a teenage girl can only be that of a bunch of cowardly homos who lack the brain capacity to understand that without women, their miserable, disgusting existence would in fact be non-existent. I sincerely wish the women of Pakistan a much better and deserved life free from the mistakes of humanity.

What amazes me is how cowardly these people are.  "You are going to have to move because you attract more attacks".  How about sticking up for those that can't defend themselves.  All of this  in the name of religion.    COWARDS!!!!

If the majority of the white people in the south could have their way, they would bomb all the Black public schools in the south.

I say bring all the women and children out of that good forsaken place and KILL the rest.

I'll bet if the women had been more educated they would have noticed something like osama bin laden living right down the street for 10 years.

Who the heck is Malala?

Girls educationAfghanistan became Communist and instituted many changes including compulsory schooling for Girls.This led to GREAT friction with the Religious crazies.The Afghanistan Government called the Russians for help.The Russians came and enforced education for girls, build dams, hydroelectric plants roads etc.US paid PAKISTAN BILLIONS of $$$$$$$$$$ to organize the Religious Nuts into the Mujahadeen and KILL Russians.The Russians got killed.The Russians left.The Mujahadeen begat the Taliban.The Taliban..........The Taliban stopped Girls and Womens education, Womens rights. secular rights.The US did NOT  give a damn.The Russians had died and had left.US abandoned Afghanistani people.Now the US says girls education is important ??BS !!!!!!US could care less of other people or their education as long as american wishes are achieved - and girls education is NOT one of them except in Propaganda.lets "borrow" another $ 10 trillion from china and invade this country and occupy it for 10+ years, so a couple of girls can go to school there. GOP ! George W ! where are you boys ??

Well, i mean, they can borrow "No child left behind" by George w bush. Idk if thats better or worse than whats going on now

yeah how come the other two don't get as much lime light? I bet their parents are jealous.

I NEVER SAID ISLAM FOR '' PEACE '' , ISLAM IS THE VICTORY AGAINST DEVIL.

lozer fhagitsget a fhucin job in a factory noobs

There is no greater teaching than to render the trusts of your ears eyes and understanding by the tongue and hands of profession.  None wanted to be educated where the elite ruled from impoverishing the masses: doing  pharaohs work to form a superstate by Keeping women alive and killing their men.Virginity for women is a greater matter than darkly lit libraries with their classrooms to rape women of their virginity.Technical knowledge came to most men from the seduction and destruction of women by perforating their hymens for the formation of pharaonic superstates.  Where all women except four -four chambered by the heart of one man- prostituted themselves to the world.There is none more learned in Books than the child mother the Virgin Maryam.  That superiority of being went for all virgin women. Women are a trust and are to be raised like Maryam in purity and beauty.When a male related to Maryam went to place money in her hand she said I was not created for this.WALLSalaam 3alaam (Ar. for signs--flag, media): Maryam: she and her son signs given to All nations.