The Falklands don't want Argentina... so stop whining about it.  It wouldn't matter if Argentina wasn't such a hopeless, messed-up country.  This is just a political distraction.

@ RS:  "they did have a vote but only 1% catholics voted where they are a majority"I'm no expert on Northern Ireland, but if what you say is true, then why did 99% of the Catholics not vote?  Were they just content with the status quo?

They voted... they don't want to be part of Argentina... after 200 years ... get over it and take care of your own country's real problems.

Jeeezzz, Cristina!   Really bad form!   Yikes!You really made life difficult for this guy when he was your Cardinal.., and now that he is Pope, you want him to pressure a non-Catholic nation to give you back territory you clearly lost when Argentina performed so poorly in a completely lop-sided war? Cristina.., you could really use some lessons in Statesmanship!

Sorry sweatheart, the Pope hasn't commanded an army since the 16th century and England hasn't given a d@mn what the Pope says since King Henry told him to go pound sand and created his own church.

Apparently President Cristina Fernandez has no dignity, and will stoop to anything to gain political brownie points. Hopefully the new pope see's through her cheap tactics, and tell's her to go do something intelligent for a change...

Don't cry for me Argentina, the Falklands will ALWAYS be British.

"Fernandez added that she hoped that Francis could help "to avoid problems that might emerge from the militarization of Great Britain in the south Atlantic"."Well if somebody hadn't invaded the Fauklands and try to take it by force, maybe England wouldn't be as keen on militarizing it. And adding all the recent rhetoric about how the islands belong to Argentina and how much it covets the potential resources one can naturally understand the U.K.'s decision.

Argentina, you need to get over the Falklands. Seriously, let it go. The issue is never going to be anything more than a headache for you.

I agree the Pope should tell Argentina to pick up the land mines it left from the last war.

No dispute exists. The Falklands are British. The Falklanders just voted in a plebiscite to state that they want to remain British. Argentina need to get over it.This woman is about as intelligent as a carrot.  What part of "sovereign territory" and "democratic referendum" does she not understand?

It's time for Argentina to get over it and move on.  The Falklands are part of Great Britain then, now and in the future.  It's time they spend their efforts in more productive areas.

Esta  loca !!!

The mark of a true Marxist.  When he's the Cardinal Archbishop of Buenos Aires, she tells him to jump off a cliff.  Now that he might be able to do something for her, she curries favor.

What does she think is gonna happen?  The pope is gonna chastise Britain and tell them to give the Falklands back?"Fernandez added that she hoped that Francis could help "to avoid problems that might emerge from the militarization of Great Britain in the south Atlantic.No problem.  You can avoid the militarization of Great Britain in the south Atlantic by keeping your stinking hands off the Falklands.We'll see your Pope and raise you an Archbishop of Canterbury.

The Falklands have been populated by Brits for over 9 generations.... it belongs to THEM and they recently voted to stay associated with Britain, not Argentina who has NEVER owned nor occupied this land.

I don't get the impression that he will be anyone's political puppet least of all her's....

You can always tell how bad things are domestically in Argentina by how much those in power harp about the Malvinas ...

That stupid witch does not understand, that the people do not want to be part of argentina!They already voted on it.

The Pope needs to deal with all his Pedophile priests ! Not stick his nose wher it does not belong. Great Briton needs to tell Argentina to go pound sand !I knew this would happen, this is the same reason that England has The Anglo-Catholic Church and not the Roman Catholic Church.  I hope the Pope is smart enough to understand that Argentina does not have a good record on human rights and tells them that he can not interfere in political problems.  If he does not it will be a cold day in the nether regions before he is invited to Great Britain.

Waste of time.  #1-the Falklands voted &amp; Argentina lost. #2-Pope has no power over Great Britain &amp; hasn't since the time of Henry VIII

How pathetic Argentina. How pathetic.

The Falkland Islanders just voted almost unaimously to remain part of Britain. They want nothing to do with Argentina. Fernandez told the world that the Islanders opinions did not matter. It would be a disaster for the Catholic Church to get involved in Argentina's imperial dreams.

Give it up Argentina.  Britain has them. The Pope should tell you to NPOT covet your neighbors property.

Socialists just take what they want for the good of the 'people'. When she runs out of things to steal, the government collapses.

brits parted from the catholic church when our king wanted a divorce over 500 years ago....we dont listen to the pope or the argentinian leader.........falklands remains british if you believe in democracy deal with it.

Desperate measures from a desperate people.

A progressive asking the Catholic Church for political help- has the world gone mad?

Sorry babe, you're barking up the wrong tree.....Nebbah gonna hoppen.....Who wants any part of Argentina.... like Bolivia.......Venuzuela and the rest, total thieves and liars.... did I forget idiots.

I wonder if Cristina realizes that they have about as much chance of getting the Falkland Islands from the U.K. as Spain has of getting Gibralter.  In other words.....none.

I don't know whether Ms. Fernandez has studied Vatican/British history or not, but it's been about 500 years since the popes have had that much influence in Westminster.

The Pope is now a citizen of the world and no longer an Argentinian , if he makes the mistake of trying meddle in politics his papacy is doomed.

The UK demands that Argentina surrender all of southern Argentina, "New Brittany", to the UK --- because the UK wants it and because the Argentines who have lived there for two hundred years are just puppets and squatters of the Buenos Aires government. The UK is enshrining it's right to all of New Brittany in its constitution and is willing to go to war to "take it back" for the UK. Imperialist, warmongering Argentina must surrender New Brittany or the Prime Minister of the UK will ask the Pope to force Argentina to get out of New Brittany.

Got news for you Christina - the Brits have not given two bits for what the Pope thinks since Henry VIII

Argentina is broke,they don't pay their bills and as such have been reduced to an also ran by the internatiional community. They need to belly up to the bar and do the right thing ( Pay up or shut up ),they have already murdered thousands of their own citizens.Who in their right mind would surrender their sovereignty to them.A new Pope with blood on his hands who did nothing during the "Dirty wars" when thousand were tortured,murdered or just dissapeared.

The 1st prize for the world wide Silly Cow Award goes hands down to Argentinian President Cristina Fernandez.I love it,  every time the Argentinian political &amp; economic circus hits rock bottom leftist /communist moron knee jerk politicians try to cast attention and blame to someone else outside the country in a bid for national crisis unity. This silly predictable move is part of the Argentinian leftist playbook 101. Her husband was no better, She at one time was the kefts most staunch enemy of the new pope now shes trying to wrap her fly eaten legs around him like some kind of long lost buddy, what a political #$%$, reminds me of our South Chicago organizer liar of a great pretender president. Some one needs to step on both their slithering heads

Dear Pope, remind her of the commandment of thou shalt not steal, and thou shalt not kill unborn children.

This woman is really crazy !!! She and her husband always had problems with this holy man !!! This mad woman does not have shame !!! Pathetic !!!Argentina should remember that in the early 1980's the UK's Military was a shambles.  Aging, troop untested, and an officer corp that had not seen any real action in Decades.  UK today have been fighting along side the USA in two on-going conflicts.  It's fleet is modern and armed to the teeth, its soldiers tested, and its commanding officers have had over a decade of battle experience.  They also have a friend in the USA that appreciates them having our backs in 3 Wars since the 90's.  Beware and forewarned.

Why take over a country that does not want to be part of yours?  Leave them alone.

When The U.S Officially Recognizes The Falklands British Natives ...And They Will ...This Matter Will Be Closed And Done With .."Period" ..End Of Story ...The End ..

Give it up Argentina, you'll never get the Falklands as long as Britain is still around.....quit beating a dead horse.

She's only doing it because she's counting on his biases aligning along the "one of us" mentalities ... putting Argentina before other interests (no matter how illogical or emotive).One wonders if she'd be pleading for the new Pope to intervene if he were English ... :s  Methinks not ...

Didnt they hold a vote and pretty much EVERYONE voted for Briton?

The Argentines need to get it through their thick skulls, the Falklands will never belong to them again. Period.

The only thing our friends the English care about is what the people on the Falkland islands want.  And they want to remain BRITISH....end of story.

This Argentina and England relationship will never end....

Argentina should stick to playing soccer , there it has a chance of beating England, it has no chance on the battlefield.Pathetic and undiplomatic, i suppose that's how banana republics operate.

The Argies are looking for another bloody lip.

Make the Skeleton Lady the Saint of South America since the Mexican Catholics like it and worship it so much.

It's all about the Oil. #$%$-Off Fernandez !

Why doesn't Cristina Fernandez worry about the economy of Argentina instead of a lost cause like the Falkland Islands. The economy of Argentina is a disaster because of her backward antibusiness policies. The people who live on the Falkland Islands don't want to be part of Argentina so that is the end of it. She should worry more about the complete collapse of her currency which is coming very soon. Argentina has plenty of land and resources but what it lacks is good leadership.   Cristina Fernandez is incapable of providing what her country needs.

President Fernandez meets the right person, but asks the wrong topic! Roman Catholics do not allow any priests and nuns involve with politics! Let people of Falklands decide which country they want to stay.

What ....Took Her 2 Weeks Before She Went And Asked This Guy To Get Involved In Something That Clearly Is Gonna Put Him In Bad Light For Taking Either Side Of This Issue .......Classless #$%$ ......What Shamless Gaul !!!!!

There are many problems in Britain right now, but never underestimate British pluck ! If you want to unite the British people immediately, then by all means attack the Falklands. It ain't gonna be pretty and I can assure you, the United States will help the British . Not the least, the use of our Intelligence and advanced satellite surveillance.

Cristina Fernandez is no Eva Peron!

Methinks that could be construed as a conflict-of-interest. And as another poster mentions, they don't want to BE a part of Argentina; and who can blame them?He should not be involved in politics

This woman has no shame.

Breaking News:Rome has demanded that the Pope grant all of Western Europe back to them since it was once "theirs 1700 years ago, but hey, whos counting?" Said Gianni Alemanno, Mayor of Rome.

And what exactly is Pope Foreskin supposed to DO?

How about letting the Falklands decide? Independence, Argentina, or Britain.Actually, wait, didn't they already have a vote and choose Britain?

Argentina has zero legitimate claim to the Falklands.

"Sit down and negotiate"?  This is the constant harping of people who can't take 'NO' for an answer.  Like my son who 'just wants to say something' and then makes yet another argument for want he wants that I have to say no to again. and again.  Then they get all upset that you don't listen and you're mean etc, etc.  Anyone with kids knows this routine.

What can the Pope do? It's not a matter that he would become involved with.

To which the Pope answered: "I will pray for you because you obviously suffer from being a stupid socialist".

Cristina...Get over your obsession to get the Falkland Islands back! I know you want to become the horoine that recuperated the islands so that you get all the glory and the people will remember you forever...but it's very clear to me that it's not going to happen.This woman is a fool and has ruined Argentina!

What about the Alcatraz Island?? and what about Three Mile Island??

No matter who she runs to the Falklands will never be part of Argentina.

A greedy Catholic asking another gredy Catholic to intervene in order to steal. Can't make this up, folks.

What The Greedy Wh^^^re Is Really Wanting ..Is To Steal The Oil Thats Around And Right Under Those Islands .....Guess Again Presidente "Stupidissima" ....

Isn't  it amazing how desperate people can get over  a drop of oil and mid-term elections? No the Brits aren't militarizing anywhere Ms. Fernandez but if you attack the islands they will come down and thump your butts - again. Of course they'll listen to the catholic pope. How embarrassed can you get here woman?

I can understand that the populated Falkland Islands are geographically closer in proximity to Argentina but Argentina has never populated the Islands.  Britain did first so what kind of claim does Argentina really have on the 'Malvinas Islands'?  A name only.

That is certainly a DUMB gesture by a lackluster populist  .  Leave religion out of politics.

Apparantly Argentina doesn't understand that when you make a belated claim for land, try to take it by force and and lose, not to mention that the people VOTED AGAINST YOU, IT ISN'T YOURS!!  At least the Junta had the decency, probably the only time, to cede power.

What's to negotiate?  The Falklanders have repeatedly overwhelmingly voted to stay part of the UK. Under the UN charter, that is their right.They are almost all of British decent and voted 99% in favor of staying British. The Islands are 500 miles off of your coast, stop trying everything to circumvent what the PEOPLE want over what you want. Remember what happened to the Argentine government last time it became to focused on the Falklands.

yeah..the British know how to kick butt

And what about "Gilligins Island" and the skipper, the movie star, and the millionares???

what about the Japanese islands??

Instead of asking the Pope, Argentina  should  ask the US for help. The  Super Pope will just say I have no say in political matters.

You had to know this was coming after an Argentinian was named Pope.....

Fernandez seems to ignore the fact the citizens of the Falklands voted down Argentina and for the British who have had control of the country for a couple hundred years as well as kicking their butts for Island control durning the Thacher years.I would think the Pope has enough problems with all the current controversity within the church to suddenly show political favortism to a country where he was the Catholic leader before being Pope.

oh, so before they didnt get along, but now that he is pope she is kissing his #$%$ and asking for favors.  typical politician.

Raise your hand if you didn't see this one coming...  Falklands is a part of the UK.

300 miles off shore is international waters by anyone's standards. Argentina has no legitimate claim.Self-determination of peoples is an important part of the UN Charter. Falklanders have overwhelmingly voted and nobody has the right to interfere with them.

Forget it the sheep belong to England.

Nobody wants to talk to the people of the Falkland islands maybe thats who Argentina needs to be talking too ?Oh I mean except the Brits .

#$%$ for the love of god they votedThe said no to your proposal they want to stay with BritainSo get over it !!!

Glad he was not Pope in 1978.

This woman has no manners , doesn't respect the Pope , and instead fixing the economy she's ranting about Malvinas . The brits are not that stupid or weak to give that island for free . This woman is a shame for Argentina .

Maybe This #$%$ Thinks He Got Voted In As Poop Because He Best Represents Argentina's Interest ...And Thats Why All Those Well Wisher's Assembled At Saint Pt.Square..

When things were bad in Argentina under Galtieri they played the Malvinas card. Things must really suck if a leftist is playing this card again. The Argentine collapsing again?

Hey Argentina...You want the Falkland Islands?...come and take them from us, if you want to get your A $ $ kicked again! Don´t go crying to no Pope.

"....asks Pope to intervene over.. Afghanistan, Iran, N. Korea, Mali, Pluto, Jupiter, etc...Come on! He is not the president of Milky Way, HE IS A PRIEST!Seems that the inhabitants off the Falklands feel they are English so leave them be! Let them decide for themselves!

Always interesting that they are called "left leaning" does this mean "journalists" don't know how to spell "socialists"?

This may just what Cameron needs.He is under siege by every political party in Great Britain. Things are not going well. The last time the Argentines attacked ,they did so under a Conservative British government. Maggie Thatcher was running the show. Yes, it will be a mess, but it is a classic case of how to unite a nation despite it's internal troubles. Cameron has already warned them. We will see what comes of it.

No Christine...this is a BAD move. He hasn't even been Pope for a week and you're already trying to embroil him in a political stunt.

And the last time Britain listened to the Pope was in . . . ?

Last week 99% of residents voted to stay British. Fernandez give up, democracy spoke loud and clear.You want another war for what reason exactly????????

I bet she's kicking herself she was such a b#tch to him when he was only a Jesuit.  When they announced him, I bet she went "Oh, #$%$!"

Give it up, Crisitina.  You got your #$%$ whipped by the UK and the Falklanders do not want anything to do with being part of Argentina, one of the most disfunctional countries in the world.

Well, if she wants to call Argentina a democratic country, then she needs to respect the wishes of the people who live and voted in the Falkland Islands.

Argentina, you lost the war. Get over it locos. You are disliked by the majority of the civilized world.The english kicked your bu tts off the falklands and kicked the Pope out britain...who cares what the latest perv of rome thinks.  henry VIII had their number.  even the italian king locked up the pope.  too bad the pervs still roam the world.

Why would the Pope want to get involved in a political fight?

As soon as I'd heard the nationality of Pope Francis, I knew that the Argentine government would try to use his position as leverage in the Falklands/Malvinas situation.  The new pope does not immediately strike me as wanting to be as active in geopolitical issues as his predecessors.  Frankly, it does seem that those islands are used whenever there's turmoil in Argentina and the potential of losing what appear large reserves of oil can't be making things any easier.

And the United Kingdom should care about what the Romish bishop thinks about the Falklands because . . .  ? What unmitigated gall.

Sorry Argentina, you still dont have a prayer of claiming the Falklands.

what about the Hawain Islands??

Glad Argentina has a woman in a leadership role, but a catholic ????

This little Island called "England" has enslaved more human beings, and murdered more people than any other country on the planet..... They were also the first to invent the "Consentration Camps" way back in the 1890's Boar War.... us Scots, and our cousins the Irish hate you for your past deeds...... Long live the memory of.... "William Wallace"

I think British Prime Minister David Cameron should get on a plane fly to Rome meet with both the Pope and President Cristina Fernandez, and negotiate the status of the islands.Cameron should present as an official Document the Certified elections results of the multi-generational Falklands citizens that clearly state they want to remain British. Thank both President Cristina Fernandez &amp; The Pope for attending the negotiation and say as long as the people who inhabit the islands want to remain British that's how it's going to be.Sometimes in negotiation the answer is no! Or in the case of the Falklands, "Not now!"

Pope?How many divisions has he got?Who gives a Falk.

Regardless of anything, the Pope is a religious leader not a UN mediator. And in this particular matter, he can not intervene. Being an Argentinian himself , he is not a neutral party. Furthermore, England is not a Catholic majority country, and Catholic Pope is not a popular or widely accepted figure there.

The Pope is the spiritual leader to more than 1.2 billion Catholics worldwide  and is an apolitical person now. The people of the  Falkland islands  had spoken.

NUKE argentina.

if you stand at the coast of argentina, you cannot see the Falkland Islands ... it is 300 miles awaycuba is only 90 miles off the US coast, yet the US has no right to cubawhy isn't the useless u.n. condemning argentina?

Argentina should stick with making canned corn beef and forget about the Falklands.

Smoke from his nominations have not even disperse and presidents are calling in favors...LOL. Papal position is more of a principality than spiritual leader-folks need to wake up from the absolute surrender to dogma.

What a complete nincompoop CFK is.  Of what business is it of the Vatican to meddle in an already decided territorial dispute between two countries.

If anybody wants to know what is meant by a "Populist Wh/ore", look no further.

Like all marxists, Fernandez is quite devious.  The Argentine populace knows that the new Pope has no use for her government, so she tries to neutralize that fact by pressing him to support her position on the Falklands.  If the Pope doesn't, he'll lose some popular support in Argentina.  On the other hand, if he does support Argentina's claim, Fernandez will take credit for getting him to take Argentina's side.  She wins something either way.  Meantime, the Argentine economy will continue to collapse.sleazy leftist leader has no shame level. typical liberal in what can you do for me ,just ignore what i said about you. let her confiscate church property and see how far that gets her and her hubby

With everything that he has to deal with in bringing the Catholic Church into a modern world this greedy witch wants him to pimp out his influence as a spiritual leader to gain her land that Argentina couldn't take by stealth and force back in the 80s.Really classless.

That lady is nuts.

hottest new clothing item in england....."PUCK THE FOPE!" t-shirts

Nice move. Maybe something can be done. In a dispute there is usually some wiggle room.

A few years back, the new Pope stated " It's better for the British to leave the Falkland Islands, if not great punishment will come from God." Now, the Argentinians have God on their side, the British better leave the Islands right away.

It so annoying to hear Argentina and the rest of the Spanish main acting like they were natives. The Fawkland's settlers didn't kill anyone because the islands were empty.

Why some people keep trying to mess between religion and politic up? Don't they learn from the history? Religion/s + Politic = messy war/ blood/etc.....

there should be a separation of church and state. It is wrong for argentina's president to misuse her power and influence this way by asking the pope to side with Argentina over island dispute. In addition, there have been 3 votes, thus far, and each time Falkland island residents have reject Argentina to rule over their island and has, in fact, sided with England each time. so stop pressing the issue for your own gain, president ferdnandez!

One can hope that Pope Francis respects the wishes of the people of the Falklands.Even IF Argentina gets the Falklands back, then what? They can not feed their own people. Are the people of the Falklands want to be under a socialist government? Don´t think so.

This is obviously political on Fernandez's part.  Asking Francis to help mediate puts him in an awkward position.  Granted, John Paul mediated between Argentina and Chile, but he could do so because, since he was Polish, John Paul could more easily mediate as a neutral party.  Since Francis is from Argentina, any mediation that is favorable to Argentina would have the appearance of cronyism, yet if Francis refuses then Fernandez would use his refusal in her continuing efforts to smear the Pope over what happened during the junta in the 1970s and 80s.

Fernandez she is a follower of the beast, end of story.  Somehow Pope Francis does not look to enthused to see her in any photo I have seen.  But what kind of a message does this send to those of us who are on the streets praying the rosary close to abortion clinics for the unborn children being slaughtered inside and prayers for there mothers who feel murder is the only option.  Many of us who are the true keepers of the Traditional Faith of the Bride of Christ have been carrying the cross for a long time, when will the fat cat apostate cardinals in America, Dolan, O'Malley, Mahony, Gomez pick it up as well.  Hmmm I have to take a wait and see approach with Pope Francis, I will pray for him and pray that he continues the work of Pope Benedict.

With Easter just around the corner, will take a head start. How come popes, seldom if ever, speak about Peter and Paul raising the dead? Would it detract from the Easter show? Perhaps they don't realize that those two so-called miracles are in their own bible. And what about all those folk leaving their graves on Good Friday, according to Mathew? Did they go back to their jobs, rejoin their families ?  How come that didn't make the Roman News of the century? How come there is only this one reference to the event that is never spoken of at mass?

There is evidence that natives from Tierra Del Fuego visited the islands before any European, the Portuguese were the first to survey them and the French had the first Colony which they sold to Spain and the British had the 2nd colony which they almost went to war over in the late 1700's.Don't let the fact that natives visited there offer more claim. As in the rest of the Americas they weren't treated very well.

The jackals and hyena media are at it again, what a pettiful bunch of amatuer reporters!

She is a tramp. All Francis can do is forgive her sins...but no Falklands honey.

Just behaving like the natural politician that She is....now that He has power She hopes to be able to use She goes out of her way to make nice.....

....Ha, Ha..Ain't gonna happen..The Brits can whup ya just throwing their tea cups &amp; biscuits at 'cha.!

Best way for the Pope to loose all credibility is to start acting like a politician, What God has to do with the Falklands??This woman is a #$%$ who is looking for a distraction from her failed policies.

If the Pope makes a nuisance of himself over this, the UK will just start another religion.

I guess noone´s told her about the seperation of Church and State. In the future she plans on pleading her case to The Tooth Fairy, Dart Vader and Beyoncé... Let it go already.

Fernandez - nice move. Pope Francis hasn't even had the job for a week and you're turning on the heat.

Who wants to live as part of Argentina anyways?

The papacy is the beast of Revelation.

A very callous attempt by the Argentine president to drag the Church into a land dispute.  The people have already voted...they want to remain as they are.  That should be the end of the story.  Why keep promising people things one can't deliver, especially for nothing more than a vote.  She should be ashamed of herself...in light of the country having the first Pope coming from the Americas and specifically Argentina.  She needs to return home and do a little penance herself.

Well that was a desperate and classless act! Way to go lady!

Fascist Argentina needs ton invade Brazil and Peru before attacking Britain and getting their #$%$ kicked.

Argentina should head north and conquer Brazil. Then they could sit down with GB and do a land swap: Brazil for the Falklands. Ya gotta give to get.Its surprising that Kirchner can travel with all the trouble at home. If the Pope has any sense at all he will keep his pope mobile well clear of this one

Argeninians have been beated as drums by the red necks once already, wasn't is enough? Do they want more?  If they insist to bother the British they might get more than what they are looking for one more time

Man.....Presidente "ST^PIDISSIMA" Didn't Waste Time Politisizing Their New Poop's Position ...

pope resigned so more tourists would visit Italy and boost their economy.

That bitch just doesn't know when to stop. All the pope has to do is to mention something like that to Britain and watch the shit hit the fan. If he's smart he'll tell her to go shove sand up her as(s).

That bitch just doesn't know when to stop. All the pope has to do is to mention something like that to Britain and watch the shit hit the fan. If he's smart he'll tell her to go shove sand up her as(s).

The Pope is a religious leader, not a politician.  It would do him well to leave his papal hat on and not get involved in political matters.  This woman is shamelessly using him as a pawn for her own agenda.

Falk...Malvinas?! That's a joke. The new Pope doesn't want to get into trouble. He is smarter than She thinks.

It is stupid even thinking the pope should get involved in politics any time, but to ask him specifically to do so on Falklands is bizzar! The Church should never be involved in polticis. They voted and it is over, let's get over it. China should do the same about Taiwan.

He should have replied by "condemning" her soul to hell.No such luck !

It is nice to know that Argentinian President Cristina Fernandez does not believe in Democracy.

i heard the vatican is considering sending in a ''hardened''  team of priests to molest british troops until they leave the falklands....

26% Inflation will make this #$%$ do almost anything,even beg to the Pope who hates here.

why should the pope invovle himself in a political conflict.....its not in his best interest nor is it of his concern....shes crazy if he can do ne thing about it...hes not about politics hes for the people. shame on her!!!!!!!!!

Just say "NO!"

argentina's still a democracy-seemed more like Cuba where one family member hands down the reins to the next-oh it's a Jimmy Carter endorsed democracy-that's different

even the hispanics living in the Falkland Islands did not vote for argentine rule

Little Argentine kids are taught in pre-K that the Malvinas are Argentine. 40 million people are indoctrinated. When you arrive at Buenos Aires airport you see a huge sign that says "Malvinas are Argentine". This is not just going to go away. UK will need to find some compromise eventually.

Fernandez - What a totally crass and utterly classless thing to do! What a total inept thing to do - ask the pope, who is not even in for a week to intervene. Truly she surpasses the stupidity of even Sarah Palin. WOW !She should just go f#$k herself.  Commie #$%$.

Do you need some hocks baby???

These are the major surface ships in the Argentine Navy.Pick which one(s) the British should sink this time.D-10 Almirante BrownD-11 La ArgentinaD-12 HeroínaD-13 SarandíB-52 HérculesP-41 EsporaP-42 RosalesP-43 SpiroP-44 ParkerP-45 RobinsonP-46 Gómez Roca

Tell the pope to actually put in a days work for the first time in his life and get over Las Malvinas and mow the lawn in the cemetery where hundreds of fallen Argentine soldiers are buried. It's been grown over for years...disgusting, disgraceful.

I guess when the pope referred to Jesus having kissed the feet of lepers, by kissing her he is taking the first step to getting sainthood when he eventually kicks the bucket.

She said she has never been kissed by a pope before. With a face like hers I'm surprised she has ever been kissed by anyone.

its starting already.................these catholics are worse then rotten politicians

Invade Las Malvinas again but this time drop your bombs at the proper altitude so they actually detonate. GO TO WAR...GIVE THOSE LIMEYS HELL !!!

Maybe the Pope should send over the Swiss Guard to recapture the Falklands.

Can you imagine being a citizen of Great Britain and have to worry about being turned over to the #$%$ up Argentine government.This is so #$%$ up. Wow the Catholic church just keeps screwing up. This person is the best you can do as Pope. Good luck with this Argentine junta supporter.

Hey fernandes, that isnt proper, dont youhave the pantaletas to do your own asking? Furthermore its not etiquitte. You lady, need to take catachism lessons.

Cristina ask for the pope to be your lover will be easier to get Falklands to ArgentineCristina you wil be out promptly thanks to god

When a bully takes your lunch money and you get hungry enough, you will find a way to get it back even if it involves having a knuckle sandwich for lunch!

This new pope is a joke! No wonder the church has been going downhill steadily, along with all other organized religions. As an atheist, I couldn't be happier to see that happening!

hahahahahahahaha  good luck !!!

I can't stand religion.

Cristina The Falkland are doing just fine without you. Argentina keep your filty socialist hand out, they dont want you.

The Pope has his own problems with the running of the largest religious body in the world, he does not need to become involved in petty political issues.

The Vatican should stay out of international politics.MYSTERY BABALON will be destroyed for killing GODS true christians who went by GODS word and dident bow down to the rome religion  like the bible says they have the blood of the saints and the blood of the martyrs of JESUS CHRIST thats the ones that roman religion killed back in the day remember MYSTERY BABALON  GOD is telling people to come out of her because at the end MYSTERY BABALON  is destroyed like GOD said vengence is mine

was the pope in charge of killing tons of christians back in the day infalible killing true christians for reading the bible and not bowing down to romes false teachings was he? was he infalible ?this religion is not of our LORD JESUS CHRIST

I was hoping she was going to ask for a stop to the cancers that seems to be going round amongst the presidents in S. America

Nice try Fernandez, The C of E does not recognize The Pope.

A lot of countries that have broken off from Britain have been regretting it. During the Olympics a bunch of these places were talking about how they would probably join Britain again if given the opportunity...So many of them were well on their way to social and economic progress, and breaking away only plummeted them in the opposite direction.

Why she cares about that island? Are the civilians live miserably on that island?

Hmm...Britain...Catholics...let me see, according to history they've ALWAYS listened to the pope...

The Argentine president looks like a she male.

And England believes its theirs because they had bigger guns 200 years ago. ...?

What the @#$%?#$%$ every last one of them

Argentina should first ask to fix their main land problems before trying to expand their own problems.Covering up local messes by adding a international twist has never worked.

is the poop going to send in the swiss guard to taake them back???

bla...bla...bla..The Pope is there for other topics. Truth, Goodness and beauty

The Pope should clean up his own house before trying to interfere with other peoples.

This is a big big issue. It is the most important issue for both England and Argentina. Both countries are obsessed with these islands. The other big issue is Northern Ireland. The English have never lost anything issue in history. This cannot continue forever. I think that the Ulster will return to become Irish, and the Malvinas will come back home to Argentina.

JESUS CHRIST is my pope JESUS CHRIST is my ROCK  mary is my sister in CHRIST and nothing else JESUS CHRIST is my high preist

This woman is shameless,how can u legalise trans-gender changes,homosexuality,etc and then come to the vatican to ask for the pope's help? You just went to the vatican for yourself and not for the pope's installation.she should be excommunicated,shes a dangerous hypocrite

Giving Falkland Islands to Argentina, Akrotiri and Dhekelia to Cyprus, Bermuda to US, Gibraltar to Spain, Guantanamo Bay to Cuba, Saint Pierre and Miquelon to Canada and Christmas Islands to Indonesia is fair play. Why poke finger into someone else #$%$? This colonial era symbols of domination is irrelevant in today's world. These few thousand Falklanders could easily be accommodated in England if they do not wish to stay under Argentinian rule. Actually they will be very happy to be in London rather than be in this isolated outpost called Falklands.

nice! false religion rubbing shoulders with the corrupt rich politicians. yet you stupid sheep keep following false religion off to destruction.Of course I agree that the islands legitimately belong to Argentina. However, the Pope should not be bought into this. As a Cardinal, he was certainly obliged to take Argentina's side, as he represented the people there. Now he represents all Catholics, and cannot get involved with national affairs.

She is the worst president Argentina has had, but then again, who are we to judge? Our government sucks...Democrats and Republicans.

She must be a secret reTHUGlican.

The proper name is...LAS MALVINAS.

"Cameron said the people of the islands had made their view clear in a referendum last week in which they overwhelmingly voted in favor of remaining British"Seems that no one wants to say how many of these 'voters' are recent imports, and how many of these 'voters' actually have some sort of Spanish heritage....No wonder Argentina dismisses this 'referendum' as a farce.

God is Argentine and the new Pope is a confessed Peronist!We can do anything !

the roman religion the biggest joke in the world i follow JESUS CHRIST and his word

I guess the separation of church and state isn't all that it is cracked up to be outside of America either...

The Pope recommended a full invasion overnight!!   those islands belong to Argentina

You dirty British get out of Northern Ireland and the Malvinas. You're no longer an empire. Losers!kick the brits out!did the original inhabitants get a vote?same force that delivered malvias to gb will free them.BRUTE FORCE!

So if you came from the other side of the world and fill my backyard with your people is your backyard? And since its filled with your people you call an election and its fair? I think Britons should get over the fact that its empire is falling, do it now or ull be kick when you are on the floor!

everything this religion does is what the bible says not to do so dont say they are christians a true christan follows JESUS CHRIST and his word true born again christians

She is an Idiot for asking this from a Pope, but it would by nice if England gave up her "Empire"

Then,......after that...it will be something...Pope Francis is not good enough to protect his own country from "junta/ coup" by British on Falkland because he doesn't do anything to fight back against British. Author: Unknown Evils

All you people are jealous cause you hardly can afford to eat a real steak like Argentines do three times a day.

Apparently this Argentinian president is ignorant of the universal franchise called 'vote'. A war was fought in the early 80's over these windswept islands and the inhabitants has made it clear over and over again who they wanted to be with and can't she and the Argentinian people respect that...is the greed for purported mineral riches going to over-ride the wishes of a people who has for generation know no other rulers than the 'Queen'...please Pesidente Fernandez, do not go the way of Leopoldo Galtieri and the three others for if you go against the wishes of these people who have as recently as a few weeks ago given their votes to what they decided upon, you'll probably end up like the four generals.....

This is not the 16th century and the Falklands are not a New  World for a pope to split, as the Americas were split between Portugal and Spain to the everlasting shame of the Catholic church. Wherever Spain has gone it has planted misery and poverty as well as vicious thieving dictators. Wherever the English have been are parliamentary democracies doing as nest they can with the difficult problems of living in an imperfect universe.Africans, Indians or Pakistanis do not leave home in order to become Argentine. They wish to go to England or Canada, America or Australia. Ms Kirchner is a damned fool to treat the papacy like her national football team, and England will resent it.

The Pope at the time didn't intervene to keep Poland, France and other countries from being terrorized by Nazi Germany not to mention the atrocities that occurred. Pope Francis is too smart to get involved in giving Argentina...a country with a lousy record of human rights... the nod for the Falklands. Democracy has spoken. Besides if the Pope asked for the Falklands to go back to Argentina..maybe he would also ask for Argentina to go back to the natives and all of European descent have to leave...

Hey Cristina, its not the Popes job to get politically involved in other countries business. He is the leader of the Catholic church, besides Britain broke away from the church, so I'm sure he wants nothing to do with them in the first place.Hey Argentina you lost , so #$%$ off..  The Falklands, will never be yours.Get over it.

Why doesn't the article mention that she wants the Falklands because they have massive oil reserve?

If the Pres. of Argentina is asking the Pope for help, without taking the Falkland Islands' residents' wishes into consideration, maybe the Prime Minister of Great Britain should ask the Queen of England for her assistance in protecting those same citizens from the Argentines...afterall, the Queen is the leader of rhe Church of England.

haha only the focking Argentinians, the kings of email spam, would ask the pope to solve a political issue. haha go and get your arms puzsies and fight like a men.

MAYBE READING THE FOLLOWING WILL HELP PEOPLE TO UNDERSTAND ....Papal mediation. On 9 January 1979, the Act of Montevideo was signed pledging both sides to a peaceful solution and a return to the military situation of early 1977. The Pope John Paul II  proposed 1980 a solution that was accepted by Chile and rejected by Argentina. The detention of alleged spies on both sides of the border, the following border closing by Argentina on 28 April 1981, and the Argentine repudiation of the General Treaty on the Judicial Settlement of Disputes in January 1982 maintained the danger of war. Six weeks before the Falklands War, Argentina provoked the ARA Gurruchaga incident with Chile at Deceit Island. In 1971 Chile and Argentina signed an agreement formally submitting the Beagle Channel issue to binding arbitration under auspices of the UK's Queen Elizabeth II. The court that was to decide the controversy was composed of five judges selected by Chile and Argentina from the International Court of Justice at The Hague. The court of arbitration's final decision would be submitted to the British Crown, which was then to recommend acceptance or rejection of the award of the court but not to modify it. On 2 May 1977 the court ruled that the islands and all adjacent formations belonged to Chile On 25 January 1978 Argentina rejected the ruling, and attempted via military force to challenge the Chilean commitment to defend the territory, and to coerce Chile into negotiating a division of the islands that would produce a maritime boundary consistent with Argentine claims. On 29 November 1984 Argentina and Chile signed a protocol of agreement to a treaty at Vatican City giving the islands to Chile but maritime rights to Argentina.

this woman has not shame at all ..She should be taking care the mess she got at home and stop  the so"patriotic scams' .These will only make her " zombies followers " more confuse and ignorant.Maybe for once ,let the people think on their own,  and make a decison of that caliber by vote. Oh my ! what am I saying ,maybe this time the people will vote for real and have a say . . freedom, democracy in Argentina ?I havent seen that in a very long time , maybe never This goverment is the worse I 've seen in my 46 years of life , worse that the Military and Peron

This is NOT an object of debate or intervention. THE PEOPLE OF THE FALKLANDS ARE BRITISH AND HAVE VOTED TO STAY THAT WAY. THEY DO NOT SPEAK SPANISH AND DO NOT WANT TO BE PART OF ARGENTINA !!!!!!  In it's 500 year history neither Spain nor Argentina ever did a thing or spent one peso to develop the Falklands. It never was theirs and never will be.

Another strong leader of our time!!!

Britain are thieves,they wanted to steal south-africa too.how can that island become part of europe? In what way? Gay,Illuminati controlled british thieves.i dislike that president of argentina,but i hate it when britan thinks a south american island is part of europe,anybody who thinks this injustice is right is just another fool,the world is full of such sentimental fools nowadays

The vote was "rigged". The Brits herded Brits into the Malvinas after they stole it from Spain/Argentina.  Similar to what the Chinese did to Tibet. Then of course they asked for a vote! Give back the Stolen goods!