Ron Johnson has to go!

Retailers usually test new store formats for a while before adopting them company-wide. I think that's where JCP has failed. Today's media hype seems like wishful thinking to me. If chopping one's assets into REITs were plausible, every retail chain would have done it a long time ago.

Walmart had its worst February sales in years.  Think the other retailers are doing better?  All of the retailers listed will have predominantly part time employees by the end of the year and they will get less than 30 hours a week to avoid having to provide health insurance and obamacare fines.  The obama economy is just peachy especially when you fill your gas tank lately to go to your part time job.  What do you call an obama voter who reelected him?  Sucker.

So, why is JCP up over 5% this morning?  Maybe read Erskine Caldwell's book, "The True Believers"?

Love TJMaxx, Marshall's, Ross

Is there some reason JCP has these #$%$'s walking around the store with IPad's and LapTop's looking at them instead of assisting customers.  It is the dumbest thing I've ever seen and I have now seen it at different locations.  I don't shop their anymore, I needed assistance the two idiots were too busy fiddling around with their hand held electronic devices to speak with me.

remember montgomery wards, hills, woolworths, mc cory's, they are all stores of the past.  time for a few more to join them.  I pass two shopping areas in my travels close to home that used to be anchored by these stores and they are sitting empty for years now.  What will happen when some more of them go.  and exactly what impact will they have on real estate in these areas.

anyone that invests in these companies is ready to throw in the towel and cry uncle sam will bail me out.  They are all failing companies trying to plug a rat hole with tissue paper.

Why would anyone buy the cheap and expensive items at JC Penneys, when you can buy top quality items at Walmart anyways? Granted, you might have to sit behind 3 carts filled with groceries because the self checkouts are broken; or put up with being jabbed by racks as you make your way through the clothes racks. I also don't mind having to dodge the workers as they position a box full of merchandise on their pallet jacks in the evening hours. Shopping at WalMart also saves me time from changing out of my PJ's or oil stained shirt prior to heading out the door. Yes, shopping at JCP, Sears, etc, is not worth my time or money!

Costco is a cash rich company selling for around $100 bucks a share.They treat their employees well......like human beings.Penney at 20 bucks.Next Xmas-ten and change.

JCP messed up XMAS two years in a row.Closed last year till March to open the New JCP.This year their prices are way too high.JCP is out of touch with reality.

WHAT ABOUT SEARS?

wheres walmart on this list

JCP is going the way of Monkey Wards. The major holders of this stock would rather BK the place and cash out millions than try and struggle along. They hired a realestate expert form AAPL a year ago to handle sales of property. They hired " Ellen' a gay woman to run they're latest ad campaign. Knowing full well it is a failing effort. But then again who is going to debate the error? She's gay. And you can't find fault in a minority these days, can you? The latest move has been to hire a down in the dumps merchandising company hoping they can somehow step up sales. See the pattern here yet?

at best JCP is a hold for aggressive investors playing the market with a downside bias it is a short.

With Ron Johnson, Michael Francis, Mike Kramer, Dan Walker, LeeAnne Stevens and others a turn around will be evident.  You non-believers will be belivers soon!

JCP stock is up today .53

Kohls stock is going to keep falling as they can NOT fulfill orders and have tons of cancellations as noted by their fans on their Facebook wall - also keep a watch as the complaints pile up Kohls Cash purchases now get NO refund or merchandise credit this Christmas with Kohls new COAL KOHLS CASH policy.....

Worked in management for 23 years with JCP, I fear the company is too far behind the eightball for a total transformation.  This should have started under Myrons watch.  I hope I'm wrong my retirement/pension depends on a success story!