As usual, the headline only tells half the story and is, thus, deceptive.

Who knows,who cares. Just keep our boys out of it.

Theirs always trace evidence from chemical weapons. Let a neutral country team in to gather it and let the evidence speak for the the victims

our govt lies to us

I wonder if investigating this will take as long as Benghazi

Funny how Obama can flat out deny a claim of an event in an area people aren't even allowed into.

Are we there with the rebels? How would we know they didn't use chemical weapons?

Kinda like the Media saying over 70,000 Killed. How did they come up with that number?

Meanwhile 60 people were killed in explosions in Iraq today.

So nobody knows for sure who used these weapons, sounds more like a covert op by an outside government that is promoting war and instability until a favored group can be put in place.Anyone else remember the Leaked E-mail from a Security Contractor who said they were offered BIG BUCKS to use Chemical weapons and blame it on the Assad Government? They Said the plan had U.S. approval.

I think Obama ought to go to Syria and see first hand what is going on.

I never believe a rumor - until it is confirmed by an official denial.

What rhymes with, "it's not our fight, stay the eff out"?

How do I know the rebels didn't use chemical weapons? Because they are funded by Islamic jihadists. And those are the most truthful, peaceful muslims on the planet.

Obama administration flatly rejects the idea that the rebels used chemical weapons in less than 24 hours.Yet we still don't know a thing about the attack on the Benghazi embassy?

Either way, we should stay out of it.

Sure, the 'pet' terrorist would NEVER do anything like that, wink-wink...

He's just going to rely on Israel to sort them out. Things will be getting very ugly if the Islamisists get their hands on chem weapons.

"We are deeply skeptical of a regime that has lost all credibility," White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said Tuesday.  now he knows how the Americans feel about ObamaWhat constitutes a "chemical weapon"? Assad may have formal sophisticated chemical weapons but that doesnt mean the rebels cant have improvised chemical weapons. A bottle of acid poured on someone becomes a "chemical weapon".Reports indicated the smell of chlorine. Thats bleach and rebels could have obtained that easily.

Remember the yellow cake the rolling labs and all the BS that got us into Iraq. It smells like the same old song and dance BS.  Footnote large deposits of oil and gas have been found. Guess where?

How legitimate are the opposition that we support.Obama says no one used chemical weapons while an early article said that the opposition claimed that it was Assad who did it.Doe's anyone have a problem with that?

These same people also claimed that the Benghazi terrorist attack was done by protesters.

Yeah but after GW Bush's "Weapons of Mass Destruction" and "The Axis of Evil" tirade,,,Who's really going to believe us anymore?

It was a drone that fired the chemical weapon

I hope even a Liberal can figure out that this is Bull Pucky!

Bo has put down his so called red line on chemical weapons: everyone is shaking in their boots.

All Syrians are liars...  The cold war is active- I get it.  We should NOT arm rebels of any arabic uprising; they will be no better than the afghan's now.

" A U.S. official went further and said there was no evidence either side had used such weapons Tuesday in an attack in northern Syria, disputing a competing claim by rebels,,,"Anything that disagrees with the USA must be a lie. Yeah, we know all about it. Creeps.

Good try Mr. President.  Are we trying to back away from your inaction on a Red Line?  George Bush won Iraq, and you will have lost it without keeping some troops there.  What is worse than American lives lost?  It is American lives wasted.

Well if they did use chemicals on the rebels that will get rid of it.

Obama knows better: his Muslim Brotherhood friends just telephoned him.

Muslim Brotherhood and we are to belive our government.  I doubt it Obama is still sending our Tax dollars to Muslim ran countries even though most of us say stop it.  What happens when Egypt and Syria and Lybia all turn what Obama has given them back on us How many jets did he give Egypt and the word is give.

According to the headline, the US  categorically states the rebels did not use the weapons. Yet, it says "[a] U.S. official went further and said there was no evidence either side had used such weapons".  PROPAGANDA.

Notice how bellicose the White House has become over Syria?  The Assad regime is now "barbaric", and have been (solely) committing "atrocities."  They're trying to desensitize us the same way they did with Libya.   By the time they start dropping bombs on Damascus, we'll all be programmed to think the Syrians started it... somehow.But I think somebody in the white house made a mistake there -- the administration, who has been trumpeting how evil the Assad regime is (e.g. "Syria loads chemical weapons into bombs, military awaits Assad order" -- December 5, 2012) now says neither side has used such weapons.  That's not staying 'on message' there, folks.  You know, "Assad's murderers -- BAD.  Our murderers -- GOOD."  That message.

ok. then who did?  i suppose you want to blame me ?  if the rebels, did not use them. Then either Syria or Iran used them, What will you do ? wring your hands and consult with allies?

Anyone believing what Western politicians say?

sadaam gave his WMD's to Syria, not the rebels.....Syria used the chemical weaponsDamn! What happens if Assad has given some of the stockpile of CW to  Hezbollah and told them to unleash that weapon to defeat the rebels?

Kill your people with anything, bombs. machine guns and bayonettes, just make sure not to use Saddam's formers WMD's it'll blow away the MSNBC Regressives reason for working themselves into a hysterical frenzy for their devoutees to blindly fork over campaign donations and votes.

they are backing them of course US is going to deny it, just like they are denying that they are aiding al-qiada in syrai

Hmm....I wonder where they would have gotten chemical weapons.  Hey Saddam!

Isn't it a shame that the current administration has been so lacking in truthfulness that the American people don't whether to believe them or believe reports from other countries.

Because that would be an admission that there were WMD's in Iraq that ended up in Syria.  The Obama administration is the administration of denial.

If nothing comes about this , we know the rebels did it becouse Obama promised action if Assad used chems.

So 26 people died already in the government Hospital not in the rebels held area. Who did it? You guys mean the Syrian army did it... If those criminal's can hang people and spray them alive with bullet, what else they are not capable of doing? If some one took a gun here in the USA to start spraying some citizens here with bullet, how do you call that? In the USA only 25% people that always kill millions civilians just to kill one person that they do not like and place another one that they like even if those humans doesn't like them. Something nasty is going to happen some where on earth.

Because Obama has first knowledge of what is happening on both sides there!  No he hears what both sides only want him to hear!

Is it not possible the munitions exploded some chemical storage tank or something as a secondary explosion? It was not necessarily a chemical weapon.Is it not possible the munitions exploded some chemical storage tank or something as a secondary explosion? It was not necessarily a chemical weapon.

Pretty soon it's going to get real, and I think Obama will join Al Roker, as people who pooped in thier pants in the white house.

A U.S. official went further and said there was no evidence either side had used such weapons.....Yes of course. Deny and lie. Obama might have to make good on his 'red line'.So of course it didn't happen.

Just goes to show that Russia is lying to the world just like it always has since 1916.

obamba administration has no clue as to who is doing what. this is a mid east problem. keep out of it.

so, has the "Red Line" that Obama warned Syria about finally been crossed? Or will we ignore that and just continue to let Assad use his military on his own people, like he's been doing for the last 2 years?

saddam hussain did!

neither did quadaffi

If the Obama  Administration said it it must be a lie.

All I read was Obama arms rebels with chemical weapons.Rebel is code for terrorists

Stay out of it. If we get involved it will be WW3. This is not in our best interest.

Look past the propaganda, a lot of the people killed were Syrian soldiers.

Obama said publicly in August that chemical weapons would cross the line, and would force the US to respond, and now he may be forced to act, because he announced it to the world. Or the White House will just say it’s not true, just like the spending crises.

The absence of evidence is not the evidence of absence. lol

Thank God there is no Bush in office right now!!! If there was we would be knee deep in North Korea and Syria.

Did the U.S. already launch an investigation in the span of a few hours that we were not aware of?

how does Obama the devil know?

Of course the White House is gonna say that! Their whole policy depends on denial.Besides, there is no way they are ever gonna say anything bad about the Muslim Brotherhood.

oh'Bomber will do anything for his big mf boss SATANyahou---and after they finish Syria and Hezbolah the mf monsters will start killing 78 millions Iranians---they love sucking fresh ,defensless and innocent bloodOK.. So the rebels did not use Chemical weapons.. Then Assad crossed the "RED LINE", he called the world's bluff.. Now what? Don't make threats if you have no B@lls to back it up. This is why the rouge nations ignore the world.

Victoria Nuland needs to shut the #$%$ up.  Stop piling lies upon lies, the people know and they are sick of it!

U.S. foreign policy is really taking the wrong side here. The Syrian people support Assad and, if Assad does die, they will not forgive any foreign state for its intervention.

Straight from the MOUTHS of LIARS!!!!Belive us!!!

"Syria's state run media"  Show me a country that doesn't have state run media.  Remember Benghazi?  Sorry, but the trust is gone.

Does the USA really have to stick their nose in every conflict around the world especially the Muslim countries? I guarantee after Syria government is overthrown they will elect a hard line Muslim that will enforce Sharai law.

that is america for you,they will do all it take to remove whoever they want from power by all means,i think the rebels will be jublating now that america have arm them with weapons of mass destruction,but that is not the end for today is in syria tomorrow who know where it will be.

They use them in the U.S.A.  its called Genetically modified foods

Why does the pope not do anything?

Syrian rebels, after two years of concocted war with help of the Western aid, training  and intelligence, are desperate as they have been unable to remove Assad from power. To complete a similar type of uprising other Arab countries saw, and what West had envisioned for Syria post-Assad. Obama should stop trying to topple regimes and concentrate at home by fixing economy and poverty. Toppling regimes for fun and causing mass casualties in those countries is how we had 9/11.If Assad fired a SCUD and it fell short with fuel on board the vaporized fuel could produce the same effects as a chemical weapon.

ok so can we go take over yet ?

its just another 3rd world country trying to drag us into a race we dont got a horse in

Read RT news for the real story.

We could care less let them kill each other for all we care no more American support for the damned mideast we have done enough already..........Cut the purse strings from washington and obummer.....Bring the troops home!!!   No more war

stupid MF they still don't know who mailed anthraxxxxxx letters and they are saving the terrorists #$%$ who are half way of the world.....Nuclear Terrorist U#$%$......

As a Nobel Peace Prize Winner...he sure is a war monger!!1

ye right, the mor-on americans would know chemical weapons or any weapons of mass destruction when they see them,how spot on they were that saddam had them, and how correct they were that the israeli,s werent firing them at childrens schools and humanitarian aid compounds.the americans are denying the chemical weapons use because they are aiding these same rebels that are willing to use these weapons....the poor unfortunate innocent syrians are now caught between the american/french/british weapons supplied rebels and the iranian/russian weapons supplied assad.and given that hollande/cameron/and obama havent a decent brain between the 3 of them my money is on assad......

We have no news to report, so we will report on what everyone is saying about the fact that there is not news to report.  The problem with reporting the facts from a war zone is that it may be impossible to determine who did what to whom and when they did it.  Each side will spin it to their advantage.  The truth is secondary.

THEN WHO?US always first on the crime seen Lol US CIA and Al-Qaida share Intel? Lol

These weapons are the WMD's from Iraq.

Its funny that the regime accuses the rebels of using chemical weapons right after the UK and France said they will arm them.  Reeks of desperation and even if chemical weapons were used I wouldn't put it past the regime to do it just to undercut the rebels support base.

Maybe us &amp; russia should just go mano a mano lets get this over with. End the world tonight !

Denying it doesn't make it not true.