I was aboard an ammo boat when we visited Kaohsiung and Taipei in 1976 and was told that Taiwan (free China) was at war with red China, as we steamed into port the surrounding hills and mountains were filled with big gun batteries and swarming with troops, There was no fighting at the time, they were just "at the ready". i liked Taiwan and Hong Kong too.

" the island's declining military budgets have left it vulnerable to Chinese attack and made it easier for mainland spies to penetrate its armed forces"  Exactly what has been happening here in the U.S.

Another proof that our politicians work for our military industry! That explains why we started the wars all over the world and the world hate US!

"Under Ma's leadership, tensions between China and Taiwan have receded to their lowest levels in more than 60 years, and the possibility of war between the sides has been significantly reduced."  The first half is fact; the second is either wishful thinking or pure propaganda.

In a recent poll, 80% of the people in Taiwan said they would not be willing to fight against the PRC. Parents don't want their sons to sweat or get blistered feet, and demand legislators jump on the army if their sons get tired, so the quality of the armed forces is way down from twenty years ago. And in any case, the economy of Taiwan is deeply dependent on the PRC. Who's going to fight?

"If we had not pulled the rug out from under them in 1978/1979, Taiwan would be enjoying the US giveaways that South Korea, Japan, the Philippines etc., enjoy. They are getting sick of playing the pawn in big power Asian politics."Excellent assessment!

the ex-arms salesman speak because of lost sales commission

You have to wonder what is behind a supposedly seasoned diplomat making such nonsense statements. The only thing that comes to mind is that either he has some tie to a defense industry lobby or else he is just a simple m0r on. America has been led for decades by a crop of idiots straight out of the 1950s.

Stanton is an idiot.Relations between Taiwan and Mainland China get closer every day. Taiwan is the number one inverstor in the Chinese economy. Many Taiwanese now live in Shanghai and other Chinese cities because their businesses are there. They send their children to schools in China. Now you can travel back and forth- an impossibility 5 years ago. The Chinese Govt subsidizes tours of Taiwan for its citizens.Stanton is the type of American who should be forced to put on a dunce hat and made to sit in front of the class while writing "I am an idiot" on the bklackboard ten thousand times. By the way who hired him? Obama? Another idiot,

Try selling F22 or F25 to Taiwan and see how many months before one ends up in China.This may be an opinion from an arm trader. Even if Taiwan spend more, what US will sell only good enough for street fight. That's the dirty part.

other small countries bordering China, those do not have US protection, must be shaking in fear everyday.  They should total trust the west which from the other side of the planet. LOL

Stanton is trying to make a sale for his bosses, the weapons industry.No more. No less. Doing his job.

It is a scare tactic for more arm sale to Taiwan, the USA never has the intention to defend Taiwan. If there would be war between Taiwan and Mainland China, I bet the US fleet would sail heading east instead of west.

Couple years ago I watched a Taiwanese TV show which stated around 160 retired general ranks had homes in China and over 26,000 retired military officers were working for China.Now why would you want to go to war with your future employer?  It is pretty pointless to spend huge sum on second rate weapons againest a future superpower when it has already won over your entire military force.Stanton has no clue of reality between China and Taiwan.

Hey, if Taiwan falls it falls. It has no one esle to blame but itself. It is best to stick with the bigger guns in Asia, Japan, South Korea, Vietnam, Singapore, Philippines, Thailand, Australia, India, Malaysia.

Ma ying has eased the tension by showing mainland china they can soon take over Taiwan without a fight.  You know?  Sort of like the recent U. S. Melvin Milktoast stance.

AP, I see another Owebysmal-nation appointee put his clueless foot in his mouth! They are presently being threatened in Taiwan by the Chinese and N. Korean commie totalitarian regimes, and for this pinhead to come out with such a thoughtless comment is disgusting and a clear insight to the inept and incompetent State Dept. workings!

Another trouble maker trying to profit in war.  The fact is China/Taiwan intergration is well underway and US knows it. Thats why it only sells second rate or second hand weapons to Taiwan.

Cheap CharliesIt is unseemly for Staton to promote war in order to score sales.

Translation :US message to Taiwan : how dare you act friendly towards China ! Remember who your master is !

This man is not a representative of the United States anymore. He should not be trying to encourage these pro-separatist people who increase tension between the ROC and the mainland. Ma Ying-jeou has done an amazing job to ease the tension, and in the future this could lead to the liberalization of all of China. Also, stop using the term "Taiwanese," they are Chinese, it's called the Republic of China, not Taiwan!

Had do you tell if a Chinese sneak onto the island ?  They all look the same.

Uh-oh ... too mush chubble fo yuuuuuu ...

Any future transactions with Taiwan should be the American middle finger in there face.They should be working for the Japanese chopping up sushi at a bar as its what they are good for. Do not eat the sushi though as they tend to pick there nose.They are disgusting.

I think more and more Chinese have realized that US and other Western nations are using China and Taiwan to contain China and not for the benefits of Taiwan.  US is the biggest trouble maker to other countries.

Another career politician from the U.S. telling others how to run their lives.....Taiwan is doing quite well without your da*n advice.

Realisticlly, Taiwan is unable to defense against China, or even Japan if they decided to invade.No matter how much hardwares they buy from USA.  As long as Taiwan does not declear independence, China will not invade. What we have to watch out is Japan though, to mess up the present good relation with China so Japan will benefit. Ma has been doing a good job so far.

Maybe we should just give Taiwan a few billions dollars for free for military spending and other things, like we do for apartheid Israel.that plus our congress refusing to sell them the weapons they wanted. Like South Korea and West Germany it's enemies has spent decades infiltrating the society and military and if and when the time comes they will strike.

China is a very powerful and smart nation  , they don't go to wars or change governments they just want other countries cash

How many countries USA has to worry about , lets finish this madness

Holy cow, U.S.A lost more weapon sales to Taiwan...............

What a liar you are @WilliamC.US military budget has increased 200% since 2000.US is outspending the next 26 nations combined.How greedy do you get, WilliamC?

Do I smell the stench of little dictator supporters here from China???

US is the biggest trouble maker for other countries.  If I was Chinese, I would against US for its aggressiveness and minding the business of China, creating conflicts between China and Taiwan.  I hope Chinese will not fall into the trap of this stupid American crontrol freak.  If Americans are so mean to China, why Chinese people are still so nice to Americans?  China and Taiwan must work together toward to unification so Americans will not be able to take advantage of Chinese people.

It seems to me $9 Billion per year in military spending is a serious commitment

In other words: Taiwan is much smarter than US! They would not waste money on useless weapons made my US! It is not good for US military industry though and senator is very unhappy!

it's ok for taiwan to be attack by china. Taiwan already so weak in their government. It's common to hear that china will attack and retake taiwan.  The government is a actual a spy not to say spy from china. So no different china spy or taiwan spy. What worry for the US is all in the past. Taiwan planning to be with their mother land sooner or later. What US worry is because taiwan will not buy those junk F16 anymore. They don't need to go to war anymore. China military so strong this day and to future that is a big joke to the world that taiwan will fight back in case china attack.japan will never be able to defend itself against DPRK even if it is armed to its teeth, the proximity of these countries is the relevance that they are vulnerable in whatever context they are armed with.

Stanton probably is being paid by Lockheed Martin or Northrop Grumman now.

If Taiwan and China reunite, where would the US put her military bases?What excuse does US have to keep her nuclear equipped carrier right next to the Chinese coast?

The U.S. cant fight everybodys wars. Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan have got to do more to beef up their military against the rising giant which is China.

Potato head..BABO!!!!

Denne..YOU are a ******* #$%$! DUNCE!

Only a fool will try to balance china and Taiwan in military terms...china has 1.3 billion people to protect and defend...while Taiwan only has 23 millions... Aside from the population...look at the land mass...

What's the solution? Buy another billions dollars worth of over price military weaponries? So the brothers can kill off on another without American intervention? Good thinking!

of course they can retaliate but except for that, they are doomed.

Its called the republic of china. They are chinese.Chinese no like war.USA don't make mischief and sale antique rubbish weapons to Taiwan for making money.

Sounds like we got nothing better to do than sever the frail relationships with everyone in the world-------------THE OHHH-BUMMER WAR PLAN and I REIGN forever

Almost all journalists said "Taiwan split from China in 1949."  It is a 100% wrong statement.  Simply because Taiwan was NOT a part of China before 1949!Taiwan was administrated by the Republic of China (ROC) after WWII, just like Japan under American administration.  It was the defeated ROC government, exiled and fled to Taiwan in 1949, confused all these journalists today.  Fortunately, the American government has never been confused by even Beijing's repeated lies and cheats.  That's how the US could openly maintain its "Taiwan Relations Act" with Taiwan.

Stanton is an idiot alright! Like a lot of idiots working for CIA and Pentagon. Why these idiots always provoking this #$%$ World needs peace but with US disturbing world peace, our human race will always got no peace. It's about time the people of the world tell these idiots to stop USA messing around with world peace.

My Holiness urges all Taiwanese to follow White People's example donae to My Holiness, thus fostering world peace and harmony as well as improving one's own karma, all currencies OK incl. RMB, but of course also NTD, HKD, EUR, JYN, etc.  And remember, PayPal is safe AND convenient. Tashi Delek

It's all about money.

Lohani.. Translation is.... do not become China's pet province in a give away but stand up for your identity and  sovereignty. US message to Taiwan is, Ma has given way to everything positive to China's engulfing of Taiwan economically and socially and while China has still  not given up the fact that the decision of using force is still there in your face, so if you do not want to be a province of China you need to step up your defenses. But in Ma's case.... He said he would like to fulfill his father's dying wish, to unite Taiwan with China and being born in HK, it seems he is doing all he can to fulfill that wish by easing all these giveaways to China past the Taiwanese public by keeping all undercover and only working within the KMT legislators..

Yahoo's writer is another more and more shameless copier.

Although President Ma is not as #$%$ertive, the US is being stupidly hypocritical with its comments.  President Chen of Taiwan wanted to increase Taiwan's military strength and tie it to the US Japan alliance, but the US calls him a troublemaker.  Now we got this pandahugger in Ma and the US is pleased with his kissing #$%$ to China--now the US has finally awaken to the danger that poses...DUH!  Easy...Openly increase military ties with a democracy--Taiwan...just like it has with Japan and s Korea.

desperate attempt at selling more weapons and causing more trouble for the twoAll chinese are the same and cunning and shrewd, all chinese spies caught in the America are Taiwainese in name only but secretly working for CCP. Chinese cannot be trust, and should never be trusted no matter where they live. Tawainese = Chinese and that is the fact, they may fool the westerners but they can never fooled Japanese, Vietnamese, and Indian.

#$%$ china!  #$%$ the chinese government!  if i could kill them all i would!