"For the record, Pete Linnerooth did not want to die," McNabb says. "He just wanted the pain to end. Big difference."That statement says it all.

Mike, that last post shouldn't have posted.  I removed it.  I saw the vitriolic posts and just thought how screwed it is to stomp on people when they are down.  I've come to the realization that I don't want to die, but I can't trust myself anymore when I get deeply depressed.  Rational thinking is no longer possible for me in that state of mind and it's a struggle not to "end it."This level of misery is like a mental illness now, so it really doesn't surprise me when I read about people committing suicide.  I can relate to the pain.

Rest in Peace Sir, you earned it !!

I am so happy that they wrote something long and respectful of this man. He was a hero to so many in Iraq. We need more like him in the military not less. It's sad to me that he reached something so insurmountable and did this. I have been there. After serving only 4 years I had had enough. Some things still bother me. Some days are very hard. But I walked to the edge and I looked over. I didn't like what I saw or what it meant, it wasn't a fitting end. I couldn't be that selfish. When you end yourself you are stealing something so important to the loved ones in your life, whether it feels like that or not. Even after seeing death and mayhem up close some of us can't grasp what the end actually means for ourselves and others. It gets easier. But some of it will never go away no matter what kind of therapy you go through or drugs are prescribed. I hope that somehow God will forgive this man and he will know peace. I hope his loved ones will remember him kindly and look past his moment of weakness. I hope their pain will go away as the grief slowly fades. God bless them.

Made this 62 year old man cry. Thank you for what you did for many. I just wish we could have done the same for you. GOD Bless.

This is Damn sad

This is one of the stories about the sacrifices our soldiers make for us.  My heart breaks for him and his family.  He was a giving soul who put everyone else first, trying to make a difference in an insane war.  I have the utmost respect for him, and thank him for trying to make a difference.  God Bless You Pete, you're one in a million.

Another example of how the system is failing our Veterans. It needs to be fixed before anymore get "broken"

This is sad...God bless and keep you....The storm is over...

May he rest in peace. God Bless him.

"He told the magazine in 2010 "the Army has been criminally negligent," in not having enough mental health experts to serve combat vets."Shame on Uncle Sam.  This is inexcusable.I served eight years in the military and I can tell you from experience that no one, absolutely, no one can fight a war and not be affected mentally.  Our government spends an endless amount of money on weapons and ammo, but only a drop in the bucket to help soldiers once they return from war.  The politicians on Capitol Hill are a disgrace to the U.S.

I am relieved that he was still composed enough not to take his family with him.We all have our limits. He exceeded his far too long. I admire this man. RIP jwstx

I'm no peacenik but we've met both of our original objectives in both Iran and Afganistan. It's time to leave.

Home, just simply bring them home. We have no interest there and there is nothing worth the sacrifice of our young in Afghanistan.

We live in a hell caused by power and greed.

When will the government realize that an all volunteer military will not work during times of war. You can't send the same soldiers into combat over and over and expect them at some point not to crack. Either bring back the draft or end the wars,and we should have learned from the Viet Nam mess that we can't win when politians instead of generals run them. Politians started running things in Korea and Nam and look how those turned out for us. We will continue to see these heartbreaking stories of America's young soldiers taking their own lives upon returning home until this country either fights to win or gets the hell out of countries that don't want us anyway.

Proof that our GOVERNMENT could care less about our vets!!!!!!!!!!!!!

With a heavy heart.... my condolences to his family.

some times the helpers need help. I suffer from PTSD and it has been hard to get the demons that run around in my head to go away. But I have people like this great man to help me keep it together. God has a special place for him.

This is so sad. I can't stop crying for him and his family. It must have been horrible in his head with everything he seen and dealt with. Most people couldn't handle that. He deserved better. Our government owed him so much more, and failed him. GOP wants $500 million more for defense, yet not one dime is designated to go to veterans for PTSD. We must do better for our veterans, we have too. They are committing suicide at alarming rates.To the Linnerooth family I extend my deepest sympathy for your loss. It is because of Americans like Peter Linnerooth I still have faith in this country. I thank Captain Linnerooth for his service and it is my hope that his family finds peace.

we could end war if the politicians children had to go to the front lines. How sad of a story it seems the one who give so hurt are the one hurting the most. Big hugs to our service men and women I love you all  he, or she and thank you so so much

Want to see any living examples?? Go sit in a VA clinic any day of the week and you see what war does to humans..

War brings out the BEST and WORST of men.   May he rest in peace as one of the BEST!!

he helped so many but couldn't find the help he needed, so sad. RIP

This was a great story.  More need to be told.  Most folks have no idea.

Damit!  Get everyone out of there!

The thing I learned: After a deployment, alcohol makes things worse not better. War sucks and I hate talking to people who never served, but they are so committed to these wars. I won't sleep well tonight. This story really stirs things up.

What a shame, may he finally find, the peace he sought.

Heart breaking story.r.i.p.

RIP Captain Linnerooth

I know several vets who suffer from guilt, having come home whole, while many of their friends came home missing body parts - or not at all.

All politicians kids should fight on the front line and be killed like all the rest.

Bless his wonderful heart. You can finally stop the pain. Rest in peace, brother !

The tragedies of war continue for years after it's end.

Hopefully the war hawks who received numerous deferrments from military service will read this.

Terrific story of a true unsung hero. God bless him and his loved ones and give them peace.

The founding father's would have a cow if they saw how this country is being run, and how the vets get treated by the goverment. The Va is not much help either, They take 75% of my dissability claim because of seperation pay. No wonder we have so many homeless Vets.

Very sad. RIP soldier.How sad - they took someone who would have likely benefitted thousands of people in his lifetime doing what he loved to do, and destroyed him in a pointless exercise. What a waste.

RIP Warrior!  May God be with your family, friends and the hundreds you have helped overcome their horrors of war.

Mr. Obama, congressmen, end this war.

A very well written story about an American hero.

I served with Pete from 06-08 in Iraq...the man face daunting odds to keep the rest of us sane; Rest in Peace, Pete..you will be missed.

This is a damn sad story, but I have seen suffering too in some different ways.  It is sometimes hard to define and deal with, I really feel sorry for him and his family.  Sounds like he was on hell of a good man, RIP.

If everyone who reads this, Republican or Democrat, would send a letter, not email, to their state US Representatives and US Senators, maybe they would finally just bring our troops home.  There aren't many shrinks like Capt. Linnerooth, that have actually served in the combat zone, currently treating the PTSD victims.  There is a HUGE difference between ALL previous wars and the ones since Viet Nam.  When the prior wars ended it was because our troops had a sense of accomplishment when the war ended.  Not so with the current ones.  The troops keep getting sent back to do a job and when they get back they don't see any changes, in other words they relive Groundhog Day the movie every time they get sent back.  Many of their closet friends died to make a change, but there isn't one.  The entire US Government and the people need to get behind President Obama to force the US Congress to declare an end to both of these stupid wars.  Over ten years of killing our young men and women, both in the combat zone and back here from suicide, hasn't changed a thing except put this country into debt and cause a riff between the people of this country.  How many more wives, children, parents, sisters and brothers have to learn that their loved one died for the riches of the Military Industial Complex and the Wealthy of this country?

We learned nothing from Vietnam. Let me rephrase that, we did learn things from Vietnam but those things were outside the parameters of what the military wanted to believe. What they wanted to shovel upstairs to the Pentagon. What they wanted America to know about the price we pay for putting men in combat. See a big part of the problem is that the very very good Soldier and Marine officers don't get promoted. The officers that know their men, know their missions and know how to make it happen stay down in the ranks. The butt kissers and the ones that tell their superiors what they think they want to hear are the ones the wind up in the slots in Pentagon where decisions are made. These are the officers that feed the Congress, the White House and us what they want us to hear. These are the idiots that want Marine grunts to pack women with them in combat. The White House and the Congress eat it up. It's those Marines that will pay the price when that 120 lb BAM (Broad #$%$ Marine) can't get her fire team leader to a med evac chopper because she can't pick him up. That can't hump ammo to that machine gunner because those cans are to heavy. Thats what happened to the officer in this story. No help, no support from above. Nobody wanted to  hear how screwed up these guys were coming back from their wars. This is what these men fight every day. They fight their demons and they fight their own service. I still have nightmares, I still get flashback and sweats and my demons are over 40 years old. I gave up on the VA they wanted no part of me then and they want even less now. When I got back in 1970 I had to pay for a private shrink to tell me what was going on in my head because the VA didn't even consider it combat related. Oh yeah, remember back men? All u guys my age think about it. We got back got out and were cut loose. We did learn from Vietnam and looks like we are doing it again.

I think about my six buddies who did not return from Nam almost every single day... It's not something you forget... RIP Capt. Peter Linnerooth...

I have a son that came home a totally different person.  He constantly berates himself for what he didn't do when he could have done things differently.  These things continue to churn through his mind as he replays situations.  I'm a vet but never saw combat, so I'm of little or no help.  We will have to work on these problems for years to come &amp; money should not get in the way of helping those coming home.Is this why the useless polititicians never serve, but just send the young men to fight their crud and then make a big hoopla calling them "heroes" when the come back in body bags. Tom has it right on: nothing like "experience" then maybe these self-centered slobs would change their stance about war.

Sharon Cohen--You have captured this mans' greatness. He is truly one of the many heros we have. Thank You Peter may you RIP.

The word hero is thrown around so loosely these days that I hate to use it to describe this Soldier but there is no other word that fits his brave and compassionate duties.

As I read this, I felt goosebumps all over me and tears down my face, at the end it felt as though a  piece of my heart had been taken, may he rest in peace. God Bless our troops!

This is only one story of suicide folks but it's one that needed telling. Here is another one.349 U.S. service members committed suicide last year,110 more are being investigated as probable suicides. Suicides in 2011 reached 301,298 the year 2010.Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors (TAPS), which provides military grief support programs, reported it has eight to 10 cases a week of people seeking help because they are dealing with the suicide of a service member.  The military has only been keeping records since 2001.

Very sad news especially with how many he was able to help...RIP.

He was the type of guy that everyone would liked to have known.

I am no educator, but if I were, this would be required reading for Social Studies class.

Yet another huge reason why we never needed to be there.

Thank you sir. Thank you for your service. Thank you for helping the men and women serving alongside you.A "wizard"? I believe so. His magic was the ability to free others of the burden and heartaches that would otherwise destroy them. Unfortunately at the price of carrying the burden and heartache himself. I believe he was meant all along to serve where he did. Where else on earth could he have helped so many so much in such an important way.This is a truly sad story. I wish those bureaucrats back in DC who send these men would be required to do at least one tour of duty in the thick of it.  I'd love to see Harry Reed hunkered down with bullets flying over his head. And W the cowboy could use a dose of what he weought too.

in psychology there comes the times when one gives to their patients more than theycan personally afford to give. over a period of time this can become very very dangerousfor the psychologist themself. what this poor man needed was another qualified mentalhealth worker to become his psychologist, and help him manage the demons which hiswar experiences gave him. such a loss of an individual who had such a talent to be ableto reach out and touch the troubled emotions of others, and help them better understandtheir situations, and how to best manage them. may god bless and keep him forever........

This may have been the longest story I've read on Y!, and a damn good one too.

We spend billions on layabouts and illegals, and misuse then discard those that sign up to defend this once great nation.

Now he has eternal peace .

Always remember that its your elected officials most of whom have never done any legitimate public service outside of being career politicians who send these men and women to war to fight for "their" benefit!And these are the same politicians that when they can't balance the national checkbook the first thing they cut are services and programs for these veterans but still get their pay checks and lobster dinners!Our Democracy has gotten so upside down it is fundamentally broken!!!!Any congressperson who votes to go to war should have to serve a 3 month tour ever 12 months consoling combat veterans on the battlefield.  Maybe then they will see the true cost of the wars they embroil us in.

So Glad the Government is going out of their way to help these folks??? If they put as much into vets as they do dismantling our Bill of Rights" these boys might have a better chance!

Maybe it's changed since I got out in 2008 but when I was in, if you sought help for anything mental health related you could kiss your security clearance and career goodbye.  So there were a bunch of people with problems going untreated because it's almost like you get punished for seeking help with mental health problems in the military.

Sharon Cohen, the author of this article; thank you for your poignant and sensitive reporting of this great man. So often these days, our soldiers are sorely overlooked in these cases. This has to be the best article I have ever read on Yahoo, thank you for some true journalism, and respect of this soldier!

For all my brothers and sisters  who served , well done==welldone and the idiots in congress =shame ,shame on you. You ask these people to die and then you could careless about ther wounds.  sad==sad.Another good man gone too early, thanks to a bunch of self serving politicians. No matter how much evidence, of how extended exposure, to man's inhumanity, toward other mankind, destroys sanity, we continue to put people, in those situations. What's worse, is in the end, it changed little for the better. The real casualties of Iraq, and Afghanistan, will not be known for years to come.

For us who never served, will never know- for us who never served we express our gratitude to those who did. Thank you for your sacrifice...

Not trying to be dramatic, but the first thing that comes to mind is that he drowned in everyone else's sorrows.  So sad.  A good man lost.

What a sad sad story..He helped so many soldiers and in the end it was too much..RIP sir..Mat God comfort your family and you, RIP.

Man, this unbelievablystrong brother in arms was not only carrying his own load of combat #$%$, he took on the loads of other vets too. I salute you sir. there are just not enough commendations and military awards to heap on you. Even tho you were NOT one of my fellow Marines, Semper Fi Capt. Peter Linnerooth

Well done, Ms. Cohen.  A well-written article about a great man.

The $250 million that was earmarked for Egypt should be retrieved and spent on something better - LIKE FUNDING MENTAL HEALTH CARE FOR THE VETS!!! Prayers and condolences for the family.

well done faithful servent , may you be at peace

This retired soldier cried at this...to many dead, to many by extreme violence. And so many so young. Today we see politicians begrudging the DOD and the VA even minimal assistance. Why? This is the quality of the men we send into combat situations, this is what happens over time, this is why we must have after care, we owe these soldiers nothing less then our best, and by that I do not mean mental health providers over 60 or 70. But I do mean our best.

Served 20 years and you are highly DISCOURAGE in seeking a mental health professional as it is and will be an immediate threat to your career.  It is a sign of weakness and that is sad.  But you get so fricking tired of death, destruction and having your friends killed. You survived but you get sent back over and over again like it is some sort of mistake that you lived.  And then there are images in your head that will never live you.  I can see them now and it is quite upsetting.  quite. You can put them in the back of your mind, but the strangest of things will bring to images back in a hurryThis guy couldn't get rid of his ghosts and he got tired.  But PTSD is no joke, especially for First Responders.why dont all you posters go  shoot at someone shooting at you?    then and only then you'll know where death hides..

Some people support the soldier, as long as that means sending him into combat. Anybody who has "lost it" at one time or another understands that everybody has a breaking point. Those who haven't lost it don't really know themselves. Many soldiers in Iraq, and Afghanistan served multipe tours without having the time, and treatment to recover before they were sent back again. These patriots are committing suicide at an extremely high rate. Our nation owes them the treatment neccessary to help them cope with what they've been through. If you think somebody who breaks down mentally isn't a man, you are 100% wrong. Our young women, and men who have suffered because of what they went through for us, deserve a realistic assessment, and we haven't done right by them.

Politicians throw us into wars and look at the casualty numbers as just numbers on a page. They never understand that each number was a living loving human being who gave their life.They never consider the living casualties who though alive, come back broken and may never be made whole again. Add those numbers together and you see the real cost of war that cannot be measured in money, materials or political gain.

RIP Capt. Linnerooth

As an Iraq veteran I salute this man and his life.  This brought tears to my eyes.

May the Lord, God, Almighty, foreverhold this mans spirit in the palm of His hand.

One day people will understand that we are not designed to live in death and destruction and not be affected by it.  So many make the necessary adjustments to return to as normal a life as possible.  Some possess a level on sensitivity that allows the reality of war to remain as a reminder of what we shouldn't be.  As a Vietnam era vet, I can separate the feelings and live a somewhat normal life, but what I saw will never leave my mind.  I have great empathy for every person who is sent into harms way.....it's such a departure from the lives they have lived in times of peace.  Internal scars can be as bad as those on the surface.

Yet anohter traigic loss in the war.  RIP to a wonderful man who helped so many....  I hope he found the peace he needed.

Wow!...A very touching story of a true hero...

I was almost consumed by my own demons in 2001 in Afghanistan. It felt as though there was only one way out. Thank god another member of my unit sat me down and talked to me. Sometimes all it takes is someone to lend an ear.I never judge ppl who have died by suicide.  I did not walk in their shoes, and I while I have had my own demons in life I have not experienced their depth of pain.

He could take the sorrow from those in need though had no one to really turn to.  He kept all those demons as his own--he saved many soldier's and took their despair though there was no one that could take his and would not burden others with his.  RIP

I hope his children grow up knowing their father was a great man!

God bless his holy soul...and his family.

We all have limits.

Welcome to the hell created by George W. Bush, who stays peacefully at home just dabbling on canvas.

Very sad story as so many like these are.  Please everyone,  let's pray and give thanks to these men and women who come back to us so beat and bruised on the inside.May God bless them all, and for Peter who just couldn't go on with his life......I pray he has peace now.

Rest in peace brother you're home now and safe from any harm.

We spend too much on our military and not enough on our veterans.

May he rest in peace after a job well done.  Thanks to all our military service men and women, God bless you.We on the outside feel pain!!imagine the pain the sadness these men and women feel. To see and deal with suffering day in day out  is not easy.Putting a good face on every day takes it toll.They are humans. Can we as a country try a little harder to help all men and women returning home.Lets just try.Please supervisor brushing your teeth can be hard when you going through stuff.Someone could just take him on that day and help him get the exams done.When they do things that are not the norm intervene with or without PERMISSION.

The story of Pete Linnerooth is truly a sad one. PTSD killed him and still kills soldiers every day, active duty, reservists, and also those who have retired from the military with honor.I'm a retired disabled veteran, myself, and I also fought in an unpopular war called Vietnam, which also had its suicides among active duty and separated personnel.The politicians are the ones who send young men to die, be maimed, or be mentally exhausted, like Captain Linnerooth, and commit suicide just to be rid of their pain. They should be the ones who bleed, not those that they send in harm's way.

he took everyones pain into his self,,, sent them free but it took away everything inside him,,,  God Bless his soul

Two, Three,Four and Five tours over and over there will result in this again.This new Military where all volunteer sucks. Rest in Peace Pete you did not fail at anything.

Jesus said, "I am the ressurrection and the life.  He that believeth in me, though he be dead, shall be alive."The "key" to this story is the Book of Lazarus, the best friend of Jesus, who died while Jesus was on his way to visit him.  Read the story and read how Jesus raised him up to life - walking out of the tomb.Faith in Jesus is real life for forever.  This man knew the Lord, that's all you need.

What a tragedy and loss.

May the Lord, God, Almighty, forever holdthis mans spirit in the palm of His Hand.

God bless you brother for your help to our comrades.  You stumbled but your efforts thoughts and prayers comforted many

Bring every soldier, marine, sailor and airman home.  now.

Let's start a campaign to stop sending American money to countries that care less about Americans and use this money for out loyal and brave military men and women!I am not a combat vet, although I am a veteran. What we perceive as war these days is not war. Our soldiers are confronted by so-called enemy forces who follow no rules of engagement and show no compassion for civilians or making them casualties.We saw women and children in Vietnam carrying live grenades into our troops and blowing themselves up. This was not a normal aspect in any wartime scenario American troops had ever encountered before. In many cases our soldiers had to resort to shooting women and children in order to protect themselves and their units against such tactics by an enemy with no conscience. As the article stated, there are children murdered or maimed by the alleged enemy, with their arms cut off after our people gave them vaccines; women are raped and abused; people are executed with tires filled with gasoline lit around their heads, and many other things that can only be called atrocities - not warfare.The so called shock and awe aspect of the US military toppling Saddam Hussein bears no comparison to the shock and awe of willful atrocities as have been documented by mass killings in Central America, Bosnia, Cambodia, Africa and now all over the Middle East by conscienceless Muslim extremists. No amount of training, either mental or military, in a civilized society, can brace someone for being confronted with such atrocities.We are not fighting wars, we are engaged in holding actions against atrocities committed by some of the most uncivilized elements of human society all around the world. This is not about two armies trained to fight according to rules of engagement, we are fighting against animals in the most literal sense of the word, and their weapons are heinous in all aspects. Therefore it is not war, no matter how the politicians or media try to hide it. In light of this, is it any wonder that any of our combat vets come home without being damaged goods?It is well past the time that the media shows the REAL images of these so-called wars - both the war itself as well as the dirty after effects. Let the public conscious be shocked by what the politicians sell us as "valorous or patriotic warfare". Let the ugly truth be told all around the world, and then, maybe then, we as a species can come to our senses and stop all this useless killing. Publicly execute the war criminals for all the world to see in order to send a message to the wannabe tyrants of the world that there is a cost for such actions. This is the only way I see any of this changing for the better.

Devastating story. The US Military must come to terms with what they ask their enlistees to deal with. Why is this such a hard task to accomplish?

RIP Brother.

"He used irreverence as a balm: When he met with troops in a chapel after a suicide bomb intended for them instead struck a group of Iraqi schoolgirls, he punctuated his remarks with a four-letter word. God, he insisted, surely wouldn't mind him cussing in a religious sanctuary, all things considered."The bottom line is the sick psychopahs that run the United States and most world Govts while claiming to pray to God...instead pray to Satan and love the blood, carnage, limbs torn off kids...the revel in it all!!  Read history!!  Did Stalin Hitler, Mao Pol Pot...add in Obama, Feinstein, Bush Pelosi, Rumsfeld cry when the bombs fell...NO!  They laughed and danced, partied and played golf!!One day The People will wake up...until that day God weeps and the Devil rejoices!

There will NEVER be peace on Earth between men...there's too much money to be made in perpetual chaos

I hope some of you here find that one great deed in your life.He sure did Godspeed RIP

Well the History Channel showed US all who the Devil is last night on "The Bible" !I pray for the Soldiers ! War is hell ! 4 or 5 times at bat is way to much for anyone.

wow great article AP R.I.P. condolences to the family so sad to see such a good man go.

The price, It's not free!  These young people are giving up their normal lives, NOT just for the time they are deployed! Normal is GONE!  It will never return. The price?

Someone else's pain is still painful. What i can't stand is politicians crying over nothing,  there the ones who will not ever see so much as a paper cut.I'm sorry that Capt. Peter Linnerooth was unable to defeat the demons that hounded him day after day. I extend my thanks to Capt. Linnerooth for his service and my deepest sympathy to his family.

I hope and pray as a Retired Military person that this article was sent to the President of the United's State's and that it is read to the Senate, and House.Finaly someone in the Media ( Sharon Cohen ) has written a article about a Serviceman that was truthful of what some go through during, and after war. Thank'sRetired USAF

As a 20 year military retiree and multiple tour combat vet, I can sympathize with this guy. I have bee retired for a few years now, and work as a federal employee on a military base. I still interact with soldiers on a daily basis performing my job, and see many of them stressed out big time by PTSD. The best advise I could give to anybody is to lean on family and friends for support, and seek professional help if it's that bad. I'm also a Christian and my faith in Christ strengthens me daily. The bottom line is everybody has to find some kind of a support system and an outlet for their aggression. God bless our troops.

Sounds like he was a legit dude. Rest In Peace.

all our officials should read these horror stories. but  then again i don't think it would make any difference to them. They would place the blame somewhere else.  How do they sleep at night?

sad day.   sound like a good man .  may god watch over your family. RIP

The pres and the idiots in congress ==don't care== may yo have  peace to all my brothers  and sisters.  war is hell, and untill you have faced death. You have no idea what  will happen tomorrow. Peace  my friend.!!!!!!!!!!

Well done, Soldier. Godspeed.

A sad, sad story.  I wish this man had received the kind of help he had given to so many others.

Only those who have experienced to horrors of war can ever understand what it can do to those who survive. Sometimes death is the only salvation from it all.War is horrible...  Yet, we keep having them.  Nobody learns...

PTSD is real.  It is intense, and the adrenaline is flowing like a fire hydrant in the city on a hot day.  And, it never stops.  Some combat vets are told they have bipolar disorder and not PTSD and suffer the rest of their lives.  There needs to be better treatment for PTSD vets.  After the Vietnam War, PTSD treatment has made gains, but still needs more research, and means to treat this.  A vet gives his or hers time and life to do as his leaders tell him or her to do.  America owes the vets the best treatment for the hardest job on the planet.

Watching you buddies getting blown to bits, wondering when your number is coming up, is the worst thing you can imagine. Everyday you go out on patrol, you think is this day ill get ambushed, and never see my family again. Their were a million places in the jungles of Nam where the enemy could hide, and you wouldn't see them till it was to late.The scariest part was the week before you get to go home. One of the men in my group was shot dead the night before he was scheduled to fly back to the states. Another one stepped on a land mine a week before his return. I made it back, I was one of the lucky ones. I didn't feel safe again, till I landed in the good ole USA. We all got off the plane, and kissed the ground, knowing we did our duty to our country, and made it home. 58,000 American boys were not so lucky.

What a tragic and sad end to a man's life. People who put us in these wars should have to spend their eternal life listening to these tragic stories. May you have found peace at last.

every once in a blue moon, AP comes up with something of value...this is one of those times.

That is a sad story, a common story, in all high stress jobs. It isn't just the upper command that looks down on the sufferers of PTSD, it is common through the ranks. A real shame to lose so many good people in such a fashion.

I can't even begin to imagine what our troops see in those countries...the nightmares they have...May God bless all our troops who have served and are continuing to serve!

How sad for this man who reach out and helped others was not strong enought to help himself. My heart goes out to his family and his many friends. May he now be at peace.

The people of this country do not know the true cost taht has been paid to keep them free.

Charlie Rangel is right to reinstate the draft.  Useless wars are hard to fight when there is no will to do so among the people.  Afghanistan should have been over in months after the escaping Al qeda had been nuked at Tora BoraWar, and more to the point, combat is the most destructive endeavor man can ever experience. In the physical world for sure, but what it does to the spirit of those who are involved is beyond description. People who experience it want an answer why. Why did my buddy have to die and I didn't. Why are we killing each other. Why did it come to this? WHY?The simple fact is there is no why, there only is. The sooner we realize it, the sooner we get on the path of accepting. Not accepting war, but accepting that it happened to me and now it's over. You'll never get someone who hasn't experienced it to understand your feelings. They cannot because they haven't been there, which is why you find solace in the company of those who have. Be it a WWII vet, a Vietnam vet or a Korean vet, it makes little difference. Oh, the circumstances may be a little different, but the result is the same. It's like a private club that outsiders can never enter. You want them to but in the end they just don't understand and that's why the frustration. It's a private hell that survivors eventually learn to live with and sadly some don't. I never knew Capt. Linnerooth, but I did know him and I know him now. Rest in peace Captain.

Fighting ambiguous 'wars' for foreign, unAmerican interests must stop.  Americans being the proxy, mercenary military in the service of a foreign government must come to an end. Let the warmongers fight their own battles for a change. Cut off all military and financial aid. Captain Linnerooth's death was entirely unnecessary and preventable.  America First!

Why are Americans not up in Arms over the insanity of continuing this war. Making our People do tour after tour, dying for nothing. This is insane. Congress and the Senate needs an #$%$ kicking...

Happens way to often... 22 Veterans commit suicide a day.   4486 US Service members died in OIF (Icasualty(dot)org) at this rate every 204 days we lose as many Veterans at home as we did in the entire Iraq war.

Godspeed Captain Linnerooth.

do you think our leader's care what this war or any war  is doing to our kids  i think not !

The right amount of stress can kill the toughest of people.

Another quality life lost to a worthless war waged by worthless politicians...... So Sad...

Sort of like the service dogs. Once the military is done with them they are discarded. So many of the guys come home and are discarded. Rest in peace soldier. Rest in peace. You did your job. Your country did not.

The longer Obama leaves the troops in Afghanistan, the further he is destroying America's fabric.These people will come home sick and broken and not healthy.That will cost America more billions of dollars to look after them, if they get looked after at all.I don't care what arguments Washington or the politicians give, there is no justification for paying with American lives and trillions of dollars, just to prove a point. Which in the end won't be proven anyway.America hasn't won a war since WWII.All that happened since then is a waste of money, lives and loss of face, for America.

We don't have enough troops to do what we've been doing! I just read a post from someone on their 14th tour. 14 tours!! Holy #$%$! We're done with Iraq. and we need to be done with Afghanistan ASAP! We have ruined an entire generation of military by doing this #$%$ for 10 years. I think we need to cut the government budget by 1 trillion a year and add half of that back in to the VA budget so these people can get the best friggin' treatment there is. For free. For life. For them and their families.

No one wins a war, but countless numbers lose it on both sides.

The only thing tougher than being a member of the military is loving one...................

he took on the pain and suffering of others to help lighten their load. in the end it loads him up with too much to carry and did not get help himself. sad to here.sad to see what war does to people. why war needs to stop.

Sir you are now at your eternal home with complete peace and happiness. God Bless you and your families. Thank you for all you did for our country and your fellow commrads.

Great read.

10 plus year of war is enough, especially considering that there is nothing to win. The oil fields will continue to pump oil, the owners of the oil want the money. Afghanistan will turn back to it's caveman ways the moment we leave. And the religions of the world will continue to kill in the name of their god. Time to bring the troops home.

With his training and experience couldn't the VA have kept him on instead of firing him?  That must have really been a blow to his ego and just confirmed his belief in the lack of help while he spent all he had to help others.  Sure there's state licensing but with his experience he shouldn't have had to take a test like a new college graduate.

So very sad May he find peace and his family be filled with good memories.An American Hero.  Rest in peace.

OK listen up!  If you are a vet and even think there is a possibility you may have PTSD - Go Get Help!  I tried the 'I'm tougher than PTSD' technique and wound up getting my stomach pumped and then taken to a psych hospital in handcuffs.Because of that I lost my security clearance and since my job required a security clearance - I lost that too.  I've spent the last 22 months putting my life back together.If you try to tough it out you _will_ crash and burn.And I am going to repeat what JJ said: "For the record, Pete Linnerooth did not want to die," McNabb says. "He just wanted the pain to end. Big difference."Been there. Done that.  Luckily, I survived.

A local vet said on the news that he knew better than to keep a gun in the house, and wouldn't buy one. He didn't trust himself around a gun after dealing with PTSD. I wish that this story had a good ending, and that the healer could have found healing for himself.

Depression is hell. I cried when I read this article because I served and I know... Sometimes, it gets the upper hand no matter what is done. You get tired of the mental pain. My prayers and deep compassion go out to the family and families suffering silently. I hope God holds him close and tells him he was a righteous guy for saving so many lives. R.I.P.

NO one coming back from combat is the same. And none are better for it.

After 40 years , I still wake up at 2 in the morning to wash the blood off my face . My sympathy to this great man and his loved ones . War is not the answer .

These politician get  deffered from serving in the service becouse they had a pimple on there butt. As a grunt you try doing  that??

There is a very simple reason why war is and has destroyed these fine men.  War strips away and lays bare the fact our world is a matrix.  Reality is conceived and constructed by the Media, warped by the politicians and delivered by the Govt.  The destruction doesn't end with the death or maiming of the innocent...it ends with the loss of your soul for the crimes against humanity.  The politicians and the Govt have everything to gain from war, and We The People have everything to lose...including our souls.We've fought and good people have died, please show me the winners...Lockheed Martin, Northrup Grumman, etc etc., the #$%$ politicians and the #$%$ bag President...and I'll show you the losers...the American people, the innocent children, and our own innocent soldiers.Will we ever learn?!!

How terribly sad!A man who was so talented &amp; really cared &amp; it all "took him down"!

An all volunteer force or draft. It doesn't make a difference when you're in a war for 10 plus years. Good people like this guy and many more like him have come back a broken shell of themselves and try to move on with their lives only to find out that the nightmares have taken over. Rest in Peace Sir.The suicide rate for veterans is increasing and no one cares except the people directly involved, families, relatives and friends.  The VA's services to disturbed service people is totally inadequate to handle the numbers and if active duty service men and women ask for help, it affects their record and ends their chances for advancement.  It's sickening.

Had the Iraq war been for some noble cause, I believe this doctor and a lot of GI's would not been suffering as severely from the horror of war. The fact that they were all duped by a bunch of greedy, lying sacks of dirt prevents them from accepting what they saw and suffered.  Way to go, Bush and the GOP: you failed America again!

excellent story..sucks when you cant help the people that helped others and been there for you and others..what a treasure it must of been to know him...blessings and peace to him and his people....with drawing to deal with major issues is like playing russion roulette..when being a friend let a friend be a friend to you in your rough hour....they dont want to miss you....

What a damned sad story. Cripes. I guess we just are not supposed to kill one another. No one seems able to handle war.

I wonder how many of the demons were brought about by sending US forces into action with Rules of Engagement (ROEs) that would drive someone crazy.  To go into battle and worry that someone in the rear would 'second guess' every decision made in the heat of battle.  That would cause a lot of stress.  If the World War 2 veterans had their hands tied as the modern forces are, we would have never won World War 2.

How many people go into the service thinking the only issue will be whether they make it back or not?  Sometimes making it back isn't enough in and of itself.  Our government needs to take better care of our boys who make such monumental sacrifices, especially because of this very situation.  Praying this man can find tranquility and get away from the nightmares.

He gave all.

In the end, he may have destroyed his own life; but, there were too many who admired him that he would ever be forgotten.  RIP, good man!

You can’t get drunk enough to forget; there is no magic drug, no toy you can buy, no frivolous activity you can enjoy, no pain you can inflict on ones self that takes the memories of war go  away.If you are to survive, only the realization that you must move on, and that dwelling on the past will only take you to a dark place.  Otherwise nothing will rescue you from this mental hell.  In the end there is only you and God and faith and the promise that someday, you will be in a better place.   If you are lucky, God will bless you with good friends and a loving family.   As stated in the Bible in Ecclesiastes – “everything else is meaningless.”

It's to bad he didn't realize there was someone to help him too.  Everyone needs help now and then, even those we want to label heroes.Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem.   If you're considering suicide please get help. If one pyschologist isn't working try another.I did, more than twenty years ago.  I know life can get better.This country would be a better place if ten per cent of the people in it led lives like this young Soldier.He fixed his soldiers, lifted their burden and did all he could for them for so long.We're a better people just knowing the story of men and women like him.God bless him, his family and his soldiers.

Didn't want to read it all. And we complain when we can't find a parking spot, when we can't find the right size clothing, when the bus is late...OMG.

My fiance suffers terribly from PTSD, he spoke up about it, now he is being discharged early from the Marines, after 5 tours in Iraq this is the thanks he gets.  Now he is fighting to keep his benefits....the veterans should be treated like royalty, not some dirty little secret that needs to be swept under the carpet. It is a shame how as soon as a soldier mentions PTSD they are "quietly" discharged.....the man I love so much and who fought for my...OUR freedom is not being treated like he is a second class citizen.....once a Marine, always a Marine.  I will forever fight for my man and do everything I can to make sure he gets the treatment he needs and deserves, he will always be a hero in my eyes!  12 years of disarming IED's will mess with you when you never know which one will detonate.....he has seen horribly ugly violent things, but he still loves his job.  Thanks, but we need to discharge you now oh and by the way, we are taking your health benefits with it.....smh....sad, so very sad.

Linnerooth was a true hero who took other peoples nightmares and made them his own... RIP

We are born, we live, and we die; it's not how many years we spend on this Earth, but the quality of life we bestow on others while we are here.  Pete was a good example of that. R.I.P.

Uplifting story with a very sad ending

Valiant soul and a blessing to so many.  Sad that his life had to end by his own hand, but now he is at peace.  That is the blessing to him. Rest in Peace, wonderful man.

War is evil.

Vets who seen the HELL on the battlefield don't talk because theres true pain there.  I know this from my own experiences in combat.  War is a tragic thing that affects millions of lives.  I'm so grateful for the V.A. and the care they give me.  Yes i see a psycho therapists twice a month but it's worth it.

We all salute Pete's service to this country, our troops, and to the cause of helping others.I cannot salute, however, the US government and the power structure behind it which causes the GIs do suffer and die in all these UNDECLARED WARS which do not have the consent of the American people.  We must get out of these wars, or at least make every member of Congress go directly into combat and experience the horrors themselves.RIP Pete.Our government treats our military so bad. They use them as pawns in their little game. These Heroes wait for ever to be treated when they are sick and about getting mental health forget it takes a mountain of paperwork to get approved. Meanwhile, I am sure Washington makes sure they area taken care of.

RIP

Sad story--the combat experience marks everyone who has it--what makes the aftermath of the experience even more tragic is so often young people get the experience based upon the bad judgment if not downright stupidity of the political and military leadership.  It is too often not serving your country but being serviced by your country.

It's way past time to get all of our soldiers out of Afghanistan and any other middle eastern country. A terrible waste of lives, and we all know that any muslim run country will ALWAYS be at war.

It's true.  War is hell.

Counselors in the civilian sector are advised to have counselors themselves. "Linnerooth and two teammates were responsible for the mental stability and psychological care of thousands -and both groups leaned on one another for emotional sustenance."It takes a battalion of trained mental health personnel to effectively care for a platoon of severly traumatized people.  I salute you, Dr. Linnrooth, for taking on a super-human task.  Rest in Peace, sir.

The tears are following now.. so sad, my thoughts go out to his family and I hope knowing he saved so many with his selfless acts will ease some of their pain. RIP.

I think solders who die as a result of PTSD should be awarded the Purple Heart as battle wounds are not always visible. I think this man was a true hero!

None of us who have never been in combat could ever understand what these soldiers go through even as much as we read about it.  To all those who serve and have been in these situations, my deepest respect and thanks to you.  We should all treat our military heroes with the highest reverence and respect......and............they are ALL heroes.

I had PTSD and went to therapy for thirteen years, and Am now having a great life! You never get over PTSD, but you deal with it, and the pain will finally end, if you really want it, and have a very high pain threshold of pain! The Captain let his tank run so dry, saving others, that He died not having enough to save himself. Some gave part, you gave it all Sir! US 563 88 538.One more casualty of an unecessary and wasteful war. He won't be the last. Also to suffer are the families of those returning to this country. Human fodder for the military-industrial-complex, just like Vietnam. Thanks Republicans. As usual, your priorities are guns and big business.

these unjust wars are pure evil and he knew it. misguided men duped into thinking they're fighting for freedom return to a country less free than they left it. all that was accomplished is a bunch of war mongers got richer, leaving utter ruin and misery in their wake. and these bloody adventures of hegemony go on and on it in perpetuity creating hell on earth.

Let this story, and the tens of thousands just like this, be a stark reminder to presidents and congressmen that invading a sovereign country under false pretense is morally reprehensible.  There are politicians, current and retired, who have a lot of innocent blood on their hands...

'War is all HELL" - and in all wars - "some give all and all give some" - for those who "give some" the giving really never ends.NEVER - NEVER glorify war - just respect those who did their duty - and ALWAYS remember that it is the polticians who send the military off to war - most often the 'chicken hawk' politicians who have NOT ever served in the military nor in war.

As a person that has been in the Army for 14 years. I came in as an E1, made it to SFC (E7) and then switched over to be an Officer. I can say the following things with 100% confidence.- The Army doesn't care about you. They only care about the mission.- The Army refuses to address the actual reasons people kill themselves. They just blame everyone else for not stopping it.- The Army's version of healthcare is to get you out of the medical facility as fast and as cheaply as possible.- If you have a problem you will be replaced and forgotten.- If you are a hard worker you will be unfairly burdened until you can't take it anymore.- The Army doesn't care about your family. They would prefer you didn't have one anyways.- The higher the rank, the less common sense. You officially lose your mind at E9/O5.- The Army is concerned about sexual assaults. Their solution is to put women in combat units. (LOL)- Lastly and again: The Army doesn't care about you.

The irony of working for a government that hates you and what you do. RIP brother.

Deepest Respects for a true Hero. May he Rest in eternal Peace...

Thousands of troops living in "HELL" everyday and the end of 2014 is just a time slot on a calendar for Obama.

What's truly sad is that we only hear about these guys and how great they are after they're dead.

This is why the old men and women who send YOUR kids to war for THEIR profit under the disguise of YOUR safety would never send THEIR kids.What a wonderful tribute to a person who gave his all for others. Beautiful, yet so sad. Brought tears to my eyes. May God forever take care of this man in Heaven. May God take care of his family and friends. May God be there for those Peter helped during his lifetime to remind them that what he did for them was not a wasted word or pat on the back. I'm sure many of them still had grief and nightmares at times, but I also truly believe that his words and actions return to remind them that they are okay; that they are good; that they are needed. Thank you Sharon Cohen for sharing this real life story and the thoughts and feelings of his family and friends.

911,,,, the Media is selling the war and Cnn  and Fox, , and they  have people in the field!!! People all over this country have Stickers on their car they say, We Support Out troops"!The ratings on tv went down, people were tired of hearing about soldiers, in a war, dying.The bumper stickers got old and fell off, but the soldiers were still doing their jobs, fighting a war for OUR county.They come home and the Cnn and Fox felt no reason to cover it, the cities the soldier come form have no parades( we have parades for turkey's and Santa).What the soldiers here is, it was a bad war, and it did no good, and all the money spent.You wonder why they are killing themselves?  We the People, let them down, and like other wars, We the people, quit on them when they needed us the most!

made me cry. Rest in Peace Sir and Thank You.

I'm with Tom on this. A minimum of two years in the military should be required to become a congressman, senator or president. These people need first hand experience on what our young men and women go through before they start picking fights with other countries. Very few of them even have family members in the military. If they did or had personal experience themselves,they might think a little harder about the ultimate consequenses of their decisions.

RIP Capt Linnerooth, Your war is over and you can rest now. Condolences to his family and friends.

PTSD is such a huge problem that the military is ill equipped or unwilling to deal with.  Rather then devote resources to help our soldiers they would rather waste billions on another fighter plane.  In my mind, this pretty much says what the military thinks of our men and women once they are no longer serving.  Just another disgraceful fact of our gov.

'So I guess every generation is doomed to fight its war, to endure the same old experiences, suffer the loss of the same old illusions, and learn the same old lessons on its own'.

As a parent of two actively serving-The demons of war are many, true hell on earth. Some have learned to live with them, others not. I pray for his friends, family and those he served.

Problem is that parents do not prepare their children to real life. The children are pampered and told that they can do anything they set their minds on. They grow up with an unrealistic idea of themselves and what's around them. Then they joined the military because that is what they want to do, that they can handle it and they want to help protect their country. And they are left to think that. And war is not like what they thought it is at all. It is very unlike the XBox they grew up with. They are face to face with the devil of reality and we expect them to be able to hold themselves together even if they survive?

No one especially the president should be allowed to run for office unless they have really served the country.  IE the military, and not as a drone office sitterMean while back at the Ranch Obama is playing golf with Tiger Woods while he murders children with drones.

There is a point when you can give TOO much.

All politicians should be requited to serve at least 4 years in the military,especially the president.How can someone lead the military if they have not a clue as how to do it?

Enjoy the only true peace - that of non-existence.

Done is done, Semper Fi, gods speed. For those still living some of us managed to get thru all of this after Nam. So can you but you have to weather the storm and stay the course. Time does heal, promise. It may never go away, never, but it becomes very manageable, and much better as time goes by. Focus on your life today and those you love.

What a wonderful man. Thank you for your service. May you RIP. You are gone but will never be forgotten.

Our soldiers go without over there.  The gov does not take care of them.  Please send them a care package. I am poor, but I still try to send when I can.  Anything like razors (make sure they are the good kind, no man likes to shave his face with dull blades) shampoo, snacks.  Google Anysolider and it will guide you how to do it. Just send one over. If I can do it, so can you.

He was broken. He was made of such stuff that life, as it was handed to him, broke him.He went places he would have done better to avoid. He followed where he would have done better to have turned away. He was broken by the very people he was inclined to serve. He was a good man caught in the vice of an evil world. He followed orders where he would have been better served to have followed his heart and so his heart was broken.He hated himself, and finally killed himself, for where he went while forgiving those who sent him there.  And who were they? They were Us. For my part, I apologize. Too late, but still, I apologize even while those who most need to do so will not.

For all you crying to go to war with N. Korea..Iran..easy to say when it is not you or your relatives doing the dirty work.  War changes everyone who is in it forever..and rarely for the better, except most might actually tell you war is hell.

The people of this country will continue to suffer from the misadventures of W for many years to come.  It is very sad.These wars have cost us so much.  Physically I was only in Afghanistan for 11 months, but mentally I will never leave there.

Rejoice!  This wonderful man is at home with his Lord.  His sacrifice has put thousands out in front to learn from the generation in back of them - the Vietnam era, that learned the hard way too - learn to "lean on  the Lord" - but for God's sake, believe the battle is not just for the body, it is for the soul and spirit too.  You have the victory - just learn how.No last generation can be the Christian you have to be by yourself.  The thing is, Christianity is a man, not a religion, it is a relationship, and it is yours for the asking.  Ask.  Then pick up your Bible, start with the Book of Roman, swing over the Luke and start trusting the Lord and your Savior to bring you the answers you are seeking.This man's name should also be put on "The Wall" for the Vietnam era - his story has just helped - again, those who have walked this road before him, but knowing we are not alone - now he is Home - and he's never alone again.Technically, inasmuch as it was a "demonized" attack upon this guy that caused the gunshot, he did not "do it to himself".  He is right with his God and right with men and right with all of us who "understand".For the future? if you hear anybody mentioning "suicide" stop right there and pray a prayer to Jesus asking that the demon of suicide depart from this person, past, present and future and that it never enter into him or any of his friends or family ever.  Amen.  As I have just done it for as many of you out there that are part of this story from the "war" end; also for those who are saddened by the loss of great love, etc., just know that "voice" to "get it over with" is just that - a demonized voice, not you, yourself.Rest in Peace.  Slain in a huge battle that is waging for our minds, bodies and souls, he has "overcome".

The pain is just too much for some people to overcome or live with.   RIP sir.

Maybe it would help to go and speak to the retired warriors at the military retirement home in Biloxi Ms.  There are retired Vietnam warriors there that love life and still work out, go places and drink, lol.  Ask them how they have done it and how they do it.  They are in their 70's and 80's and still working out and still enjoying life.  I know I spent a few days with them.  Very inspirational.

my heart weeps for this guy... he died a hero... sacrificed his own health and life for others. Instead of helping our wounded soldiers (mental and physical wounds), Oshama is doing nothing. NOTHING.

Every American President should have at least 1 hour mandatory one on one counseling to the randomely picked returning veterans to keep his perspective accurate. This would change the face of warfare. It's not enough that the enemy is everywhere and anyone, but what are WE doing there?

You're at peace now solider. DC needs to take notice of what's going on with our soldier's returning from the middle east from 1-5 tours.  Something stinks and I think it's DC!

as i have said before war is hell.....and each soldier has a different way of coping with it-if at all-you see many things that are beyond talk/description..........and lasts a lifetime/stays with you!..most in congress talk.....they'll never know......an invisible-mental-tattoo.....(viet-vet-67/71)

A true hero who paid the ultimate price fro helping others.  God rest your soul soldier and healer.

Yet when Obama reads this, he will send more to see the same as did this man. There will be more like him that will end the suffering the same way. I am a Vietnam vet suffering from the horrors of war. Problem is our government can send our troops to end up suffering from PTSD, but they don't have a cure for the ill they cause us.Psychiatrist's have one of the highest suicide rates for all professions -(this is a fact...!!)Psychologists should be much different...?

It's hard for them because they see the truth. We are sheltered here in a little American bubble with our TV and our consumerism. You look true evil in the eye and it does something to you. They see what we really are.

These combat vets need all of our support and respect.

I hope God receives you with open arms--- you did your best to help all those in need of help.  God knows you were a good man and is waiting for you.

Government licensing requirements make little sense to me.  Career professionals, who lead their field of study, acquire degrees from accredited schools.  Fees are paid for accreditation.  But then there are follow on test for licensing. Then periodic re licensing.  Every time there are more test, to some privately owned, likely politically connected testing company, and another licensing fee.  I know a doctor who is on the leading edge of advance research in his profession.  But he has to go back and read old books and re learn the OLD out dated methods so that he can pass the "current" re licensing test.  Its all about money now. Just wanting more money. For the courses, the test, the fees.  It drives some people out of their profession, just sick of the ignorance and greed of it.  And now look what some stupid bureaucratic money grubbing licensing gimmick has caused.

Everyone has issues, even heroes.  No one is exempt.  It's part of life.

Well I'm depressed now.

once again we need to quit taking care of illegals and take better care of vets and to all vets you get 5E66 thumbsup

A very sad and humbling story.  Thank you Sharon Cohen for writing it so well.

The song I want played at my funeral will be George Harrison's "My Sweet Lord." This story seems to merit the same. Rest In Peace Captain. This ugly world is no longer something you have to deal with.longest yahoo article ever

Politicians don't care about the sacrifices our people in the service make. To the politicians it's all a big game to them. They have no heart or compassion and don't care what our people go through in times of war. The sit back on their behinds and don't get emotionally involved. They should have to serve and see the tremendous horror our service people go through. Something needs to be done as suicides are alarmingly high with those who serve our country. And the worst part of this whole mess, is the fact we send our guys and women over there to fight in other countries who hate us and don't even want us there.

Sometimes our worst enemy can be the damage to our minds---bless those that have served and grant them peace with their burdens.

I can understand this wonderful rememberance of this awesome man and it made me cry...may he rest in peace.

Signing the dotted line means expecting the unknown, deal with it and move forward. The first Chaplain I met told me that, and I have no religious affiliation. Spent 26 years in, seen it all and not one problem before, during and after. Have some great memories though, I proudly share with my children and grandchildren.

43 years later I still can`t get the blood smell out of my head and napalm does a number on you to, now in my 60`s the boogey man is coming more often at night,,Rock,Medic 82nd ABD 502 ID Hue city Vietnam 1970-71

Isn't it something how unseen demons can overwhelm an individual. Rest in peace, sir. And may the good Lord watch over your family and loved ones...

Sharon Cohen deserves a gold medal for such an outstanding story. Well written! I rarely find opportunities to praise the press but this is a good one..... it made me feel everything and apparently, many here who posted also felt it too. Many brothers understood it ....An outstanding honor to this fallen soldier .....

I watched a Documentary about some in the Military...so many overdose on drugsSome are on drugs that cause suicidal thoughts an therefore they commit suicide.Proves that War is Hell on Earth for these in the Military who have to be in combat zones.

I'm sure Linnerooth would be the first to say, give these returning vets a time of adjustment and counseling.  The Army and other branches are doing a terrible job with our returning vets, they are over medicating them with drug that induce suicide, not giving them time to adjust and making follow-up a priority.  With the money we save in Iraq and Afghanistan, much of it should go to counseling our vets daily if needed and let Linnerooth head that effort.Sin Loi, Dai Wee.

If there ever was a testament to the need to debrief and counsel soldiers on their way out, here it is. Every one of our people coming out of battle and heading home should get a one on one meeting with a professional able to recognize those needing help. I can't believe that he didn't show any indications of problems. Nobody is immune from the horrors of war, and our soldiers deserve the extra cost of helping them AFTER they come back from defending our way of life. RIP brother, and my condolences to your family.

PTSD hits hardI've seen it many times with a lot of my MarinesMy condolences to the family of the Major and may those he helped find some peace

Mans flaw is greed, enough is never enough. The rich wanted Iraq war for its oil and evilly lied to start and kill innocent world citizens for this black gold. WMD were never the reason, greed was. This is why money must never be allowed to buy politicians, the rich are the sickest people on this planet and are mentally ill.

Another reason the VA should be abolished.  There was a time when the medical staff were mostly veterans that cared - not so today.  Even management were veterans who cared - few if any today

This is the true cost of war and it never seems to end.

Maybe if the US GOVERNMENT would STOP using our military men and women as Big Pharma's guinea pigs (testing their anthrax drugs and Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors) on our troops - these 'demons' wouldn't come out.  STOP USING OUR TROOPS AS GUINEA PIGS YOU AHOLES IN DC!  MAYBE WE CAN USE YOU INSTEAD?  SEE HOW YOU LIKE IT.  MAYBE YOUR KIDS.... DOPE THEM UP A BIT.

How is it we cut veterans benefits? I was for the war in Afghanistan originally, against Iraq, but always pro veteran. We have a responsibility to the men who we send into harms way. It is an ugly thing we ask of them. We owe them a profound debt.

his cup was running over, may he now rest in peace.

Rest in peace Captain, and thank you for your service to our country.I used to think suicide was a cowards way out until a few years ago.. but as a few have already posted on here that he didn't want to die,just wanted the pain to end........That is such a truthful statement..You never know what mental or physical pain a person is suffering from..This story was an example of mental pain he was suffering..Try being connected to a Morphine drip just to allow you to stop screaming for a bit as you lay in a hospital bed..Physical pain for that person, mental pain for the family........

And the thousands that never talked to him or anyone else will be on our streets very soon --these guys deserve all the help we can offer

The comment below mine is right. The people sending the marching orders should be first n line so they know what it takes to be a soldier in a war zonebut of course this will never happen. Politicians are becoming ever less favorable to me as they NEVER acomplish anything truly meaningful and think one more law, rule or committee is going to help. No more committees or agencies are needed just actual help and a LOT smaller government.

May Capt. Linnerooth and all his neighbors R.I.P. God Bless.

Yahoo needs to do more stories about our hero's and less stories about Danica Patrick, Kobe, Miley, Lindsey Lohan, anyone who comes out of the closet, Kim K, the Palin's, Katy Perry, and Taylor Swift. Make it happen Yahoo, i believe in you

haven't a dam thing changed over there they are still killing American and soldier I spend almost 22 years in the army what are they going to do now  go back to irag afganastan is not going to be  any better at the end of the day soldiers are still dying over there  so leave now them people will still be fighting after  we're gone the hell with trying to  change them let them kill each other.

Every person directly exposed to warfare, in one way or another is a casualty. You may not recognize it in the person, but they carry it inside them.

22 war vets kill themselves everyday. God knows how many active service soldiers do it. My good friend from high school also did while serving in Afghanistan last year. This has to stop.

What an incredible man! His story is so sad but what it brings to light is much sadder; that story is how the military looks at the mental health of its soldiers. The result is a disgracefully high record number of suicides in our military and so many with PTSD that are receiving no help. The VA system is more overloaded than ever before because of the past 12 years of war. Now add unto the military sequestration, and the result could be disastrous for our vets.

I wish I could have known him ....... :(Iraq ruined so many lives. And for what?

This story deserves to be a movie to pass on the values that make America great. Damn all politicians who are traitors to the value of being an American. It ranks with the story of Sgt York and Audie Murphy.

Those of us who survived the Viet Nam era and the horrors both at home and from the Nam will tell you to hold on folks.  The non combat REMFs do not know what is coming to our OIF/OEF, Desert Shield/Desert Storm vets.  If there is a shred of human decency and intelligence in any of you, you will pull your heads out and begin addressing the problem now....something that should have been done nearly 50 years ago.

Wow, what a story of one's life......unreal........

You become a politician when you can't do anything else.

I think this is the most well written stories I have ever read on Yahoo:~(

It is very sad that someone so helpful to others could not help himself.Shock, Trauma, Grief, and Sadness. These can all be helped, with a technique I have discovered, and have used for nearly 4 years.I go through negative emotions all the time. In 2009 I discovered a technique that helps stop them.  It is simple easy and works quickly. I used to have tantrums and fits that would last for hours, now they are stopped in short order. I have used the technique on everything from minor upsets to major torment. It works on stress and anxiety, and sadness and grief, etc. My hope and desire would be that it be of benefit to you.Go to Amazon. Go to the kindle section. It is a kindle book, but you don't need a kindle. Download the free software for you computer, phone, or tablet, etc. Then from the software go to the Kindle Store, search for "Happiness is no Charge". It is inexpensive at $2.99 and will be instantly downloaded to your platform. There is also a 5.5 hour DVD available from the Kunaki website.Do a websearch for Happiness is No Charge.I hope you find it of benefit.I mean this sincerely, I do this nearly everyday for my emotional troubles, I have Grave's Disease and no Thyroid, and even with "chemical imbalances", this technique still works.God Bless.

3 times as many Vietnam vets committed suicide than were killed in action.  It is telling that the person who sent these guys to the middle east was a draft dodger.  (Yes, I consider daddy getting him a cushy Nat. Guard assignment to be equivalent to those not as fortunate heading to Canada.  Maybe worse.)

Another victim of unnecessary overseas involvement. Bring them home and keep them home. There is no need to keep sticking our nose where it doesn't belong.

This story reminds me of the Vietnam book, "Shrapnel In the Heart".  War is the ultimate failure of Humanity. It continues to take its toll for generations. Even those that manage to "contain" the damage they bring home end up hurting their families. That is why there has never been peace in the Middle East and probably never will - the legacy of war and conflict  is embedded in the collective psyches of those societies.  Nevertheless - WE MUST KEEP TRYING TO FIND PATHS TO PEACE.  The alternative is self-destruction of our species.The voices in the head. The ultimate War.What grade in school are kids taught about the voices in the head? Do parents sit at the dinner table and talk about worry, about fear, about the voices? Nobody I knew of when I was growing up. Life is a War.A person who worries about the future, feels guilty about his past, a past he can't change, the voices have control of him telling him, it's never enough? The deep feeling of self-pity. You need, you should do more. But on the outside he's jogging, joining a gym, not drinking coke a cola big gulps, not smoking cigerettes, going to church, being good. Being a do-gooder, having all the answers.VS.....The person who is un-afraid. Who lives now. Is the un-submissive man. Who is grateful for everything, good and bad. Is beyond guilt, beyond worry, knows the voices in the head are liars. He lives life on his rules, he's free.Who's the actor? Who has a horrible life? Those voices are an enemy to be feared, they are truly an enemy. Who is going to teach them? Now its the cart before the horse and thats a lie.

My cousin killed himself years ago when his family was falling apart.  He was an aide to some big shot military man in the administration, and could not get leave to try to save his marriage. The rest is history.  I will never forgive the "brass" man for that.

I have begun to think the price of war is PTSD for not just soldiers but their families.  May he rest in peace and may his family have no fear he will be met by love on the other side.  I hope people do not take the suicide route, and it can always be postponed.   Put it off forever.   Suffering for others stacks up also.   I'm glad we are studying PTSD and hope that folks doing this are compassionate and also have compassion and support.  When strong men admit it, they can help themselves and others.   Strong women also.

Just another good man gone over this senseless war. We should have brought them all home years ago, like Obama promised.  This will end up being another Viet Nam and we will wonder why so many of our young men had to die for nothing.

Anxiety is wanting to do two things at the same time.  In this case it was to save the casualties of the good guys in this war, and maintain his own sanity.  When old men send young men to war.  The blood is on their hands.  Sharon Cohen, you've portrayed this honorable man magnificently.  He was one of the few good men. Thank you.

Very sad, and let me tell you these people are so traumatized by what has happened that we know war is toxic to everyone. I am sick to death of war, killing of innocent people, religious nut balls who cause pain and destruction. ENOUGH please.

Only trolls looking for attention are thumbing down positive comments on this article. They are cowards and losers.

He was a war causality just as much as those soldiers who died on the battlefield.

Can't help but, after reading stuff like this, to think of that moron George W Bush, his equally dumb father and brothers. Of Paul Wolfowitz, Chalabi, Karl Rove. The whole posse of clinically stupid yet rabidly vicious people who promoted this stupid Iraq war. The wrong people are committing suicide, not the Bushes, Cheney, etc.No, I'm not a democrat liberal progressive hippie, I'm a Viet Nam vet, conservative, etc. And yes, Jimmy Carter is really stupid, but he didn't start a war.

It is sad, but goes hand-in-hand with being a psychologist or psychiatrist. Both have high rates of suicide when compared to other white collar professions.God bless our brave soldiers.

Old Glory is full of blood and guts, the glass is half full.

-------I confess, without shame, that I am sick and tired of fighting — its glory is all moonshine; even success the most brilliant is over dead and mangled bodies--------It is only those who have never heard a shot, never heard the shriek and groans of the wounded and lacerated ... that cry aloud for more blood, more vengeance, more desolation.------William T. Sherman 1865

To the person who is voting thumbs down to these comments ,you need to sober up and get some help .

This kind of thing happens to combat veterans of all wars. In World War I it was called Shell Shock. In World War II it was Combat Fatigue. The names kept getting more clinical, up to our current Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, but the phenomenon is the same, and veterans have been feeling it since prehistoric wars. We have to stop the casual deployment of troops, or the wars for land grabs and/or oil grabs. War has to be truly a last resort.

RIP

Another irreplaceable soul lost, for nothing.

this "war" is worthless. stop killing our people and get them home.

Show me your friends &amp; I'll tell you who you are.  What if all of your friends are dying, traumatized, demoralized &amp; ready to die?  What have we done to the greatest amongst us?  Why have we done it?

Politicians:  Take note.  This is what war is really about.  You all need to read this.  Made me cry.  For the pain and the loss.  Bring our boys home and let those horrible people take care of themselves.  We are not helping them and we're certainly not helping ourselves.  So much suffering.  And for what???????i served for 20 years and finally retired in 2010. it's terrible how the politicians treat us. we are used then thrown away!

The only way out of the box sometimes. Your own thinking does not always produce the right answers.Who put us in the box? A bunch of supposedly good thinkers elected by the population you live amongst. So Uncle Sam is the shock absorbing entity that insulates the public for making all the wrong decisions for us being at war because the good thinkers thought that was best. Huh!Well, I have to say that's a poor story for a failed Nation. Somewhere Some Body has to rise above and step on a few toes bend a couple rules and bulldoze their way through all the crud that is in place. I say failed because when you fail to fix the problems that are comming home you have failed and I do not care if we win that war, we are losing the one at home.Even most dogs know when he needs to go heal up so he can fight another day.

and the perfumed princes in command are never accountable.... and the politicians...omg.rest in peace...you are better than they.

God bless our troops

My Dad was at Pearl Harbor on Dec. 7th 1941 and served till the end of the war in the Pacific Theater. He saw and endured things that no one should ever have to see or do. His nightmares continued to the day he died in 2008, yet he was proud to serve his country and protect those at home. Peter Linnerooth, was a miracle in the wasteland of war. May he rest in peace and may his family always be proud of who he was and what he accomplished.

A very sad story about a true American hero that really cared about his comrades. I SOLUTE YOU. This is something that liberals could never understand. If they did they couldn't being destroying our country with all their socialist policies and would spend more helping veterans instead of helping illegal aliens so they can buy the hispanic vote.

Some politicians proudly served in the military, but the majority have not. If it was a requirement for each politician to serve at least one tour of duty in the military, they would think twice before going to war.

RIP, Captain Peter Linnerooth. Godspeed.

The two wars have produced remarkable few casualties compared to other wars- a large percentage of which are non-combat related.  Even more remarkably still is that no soldier in these wars as has endured what anyone would call intense combat of other wars. Not once in the last 11 years in either Afghanistan or Iraq has the enemy brought against us a single combat unit or piece of combat gear that is anywhere close to the equivalent of what we use against them on a daily basis. Not even close!\ And yet these wars are inexplicably producing more than their fair share of whining cry babies compared to our past wars. To hear these guys and their little cheerleaders tell it, everyday in Afghanistan and Iraq has been a Normandy Invasion.

Tread lightly, 'tis a soldiers grave, A lonely, mossy mound; And yet to hearts like mine and thine It should be holy ground. Speak softly, let no careless laugh, No idle, thoughtless jest, Escape your lips where sweetly sleeps The hero in his rest. For him no reveille will beat When morning beams shall come; For him, at night, no tattoo rolls Its thunders from the drum. Tread lightly! for a man bequeathed, Ere laid beneath this sod, His ashes to his native land, His gallant soul to GodRIP Brother. You are in a better place.....

Just plain sad.

Who fixes the Fixers? God Bless you and yours Sir.

Good Article!

Please our kids home.  They do not deserve this kind of treatment...it's certainly not appreciated by those they fight for in these he!! holes...and not even FULLY appreciated by our own government...regardless the LIP SERVICE they give.  Bring them home...treat them with love and dignity...set them up in their own homes...send them to school (that they now can fully appreciate) and provide them all the medical care they will ever need...and stop the cycle with the last transport BACK HOME.  We have plenty for our kids to do as they proudly serve this country...dieing for a-holes in foreign countries secretly working to kill them should never again be part of it.

This has got to be the best thing I have ever read on Yahoo, Also one of the saddest.

When you look into the abyss long enough - it looks back at you and draws you in..................

EagleKIss so nice of you to show compassion to our returning Veteran's.The Vietnamese Communist's as you call them may have had some suicide among them when they went back home.How do you know that  they didn't? Can you show me what source you use to make that claim? Were can I do my own research and find out for myself? Such compassion coming from you. You know most people in the south did not consider themselve's Socialist.That is what Vietnam actually is now.Socialist.

I have a younger bother who returned from Viet Nam with a similar problem.  He turned to booze to kill his problems, but that did not work.  He turned his life over to the Lord along with his problems and finally got off the booze with the help of the Good Lord and AA.  He is now sober, happily married and enjoying his family.  He is also a volunteer counselor with AA, a darn good one at that, and specializes working with VETS.  'He has been there and done that' and has helped a number of VETS with similar problems that he can really relate to.  It is tragic that Capt. Linnerooth could not/did not find the inner peace my brother did.  It is also tragic the VA, and other agencies, did not recognize Capt. Linnerooth's and thousands of other men/women's problems they brought him from war.  "War is hell", it really is.

RIP Sir. God Bless you on your journey, brother.Linnerooth..the only trained psychologist of the three...was frustrated by what he regarded as the Army's view of mental health as a second-class problem that can be minimized or overlooked during deployment, McNabb said.  Linnerooth..."the Army has been cimminally negligent," in not having enough mental health experts to serve compat vets, putting a bigger burden on those trying to do the job.  Let me add to this that not much has changed to this day.  Must rethink about cutting costs when our troops continue to loose there lives either during combat or suicide...during or after. Where's the help when needed...there isn't because one person can't do it alone.  Oh God...what more is there to say.Just heard about this one...when out on manuevers in the states, troops must now bring their own lunch.  "Cimminally negligent" comes to my mind.

This is why I teach my children every time they meet a soldier to say thank you.

Serving in the Armed Service and being on the frontline are two different things, every American should have to see the true horrors of war, from a Vietnam Combat Medic. God grant Captain Peter Linnerooth peace.

When you take part in money/power grubbing wars like these, you are only supporting all of that pain and suffering, think of it as a "politicians market," that you are risking your life to support.President of the United States (and former General of the Army) Dwight D. Eisenhower used the term in his Farewell Address to the Nation on January 17, 1961:"In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists, and will persist.We must never let the weight of this combination endanger our liberties or democratic processes. We should take nothing for granted. Only an alert and knowledgeable citizenry can compel the proper meshing of the huge industrial and military machinery of defense with our peaceful methods and goals so that security and liberty may prosper together."

One of the reasons he was so good at what he did was because he had actually been deployed, the U.S. Military continues to hire inexperienced people who have never deployed and expect them to be helpful to our Troopers, It's not working, the clueless can't assist anyone.  God Bless you and yours Sir, after all of the Soldiers you saved I find it disgusting that no one was available to save you.

May you find the peace that eluded you here Capt. Save me a seat at the warriors table.

Thank you George W Bush, #$%$ Cheney and the Military Industrial Complex. None of you has a conscience or the United States of America's best interest at heart.

This is probably one of the most moving articles I've ever read about the cost of war.

Read this and then look and listen to Obama talking about cutting the military needs. I wanted to cry when reading this story but While reading it I knew he Pete Linnerrooth was in a safe and better place right now. War is what it is War and their is nothing good about it, you kill others and others kill us and for what. They say Peace?Never will happen in our life time or our childrens life time in this part of the world Middle East. Rest In Peace Pete You For Sure Earned It.

I get PTSD listening to politicans and the nightly news.This is a wonderful tribute by a talented writer, but we have to remember that thousands of very similar stories remain untold.  War really is Hell, but when necessary should be waged in a manner to cause the least suffering and get it over asap.  The bombing of Japan saved lives and though horrible, history has proven it was the right choice.  I don't know the answers but we are supposed to have people in power who do.  We need those people in power to make the hard decisions today and stop the drawn out suffering.

Still having the same problems. Been 40 years since VN. They just don't know how to help us. R.I.P., Brother.

Good people die, the rich get richer. That's war..

RIP.  My troop support group has been to too many funerals.  Trying to comfort the mothers and wives of suicides victims is so sad.  Let's not go to war anymore unless it is truly the last resort.

Such a very sad story, and this is but the tip of the iceberg about the lack of appropriate counseling and follow up for veterans returning from in-country.  I see it in how they talk and write with the posts they make on social media sites.  They're busting with anger and resentment often striking out at innocent comments.  They complain about not being able to get past initial interviews for civilian jobs they want and need.  I'm a veteran too and I was spit on and cursed at by "hippies" when I returned through the San Francisco form a tour in Korea in 1963.  It bothered me a lot then, and still bothers me that the very Americans I served to protect and defend would offend me in such a way.  And now some of those are leaders in government and corporations.  There's no wonder America in in the pits.

Your President get's $450,000 a year and is ruining our country.I noticed you left him out though.Why is that?

It has been said many times" If the politicians had to go to the front line with those they send into battle" There would not be any wars.

I'm empty for words; full of sadness.  Some how; thank-you and condolences don't seem enough.

Sad.

For those who have fought and died for itFreedom has a taste that the protected will never knowI am over whelmed by his greatness at such a young age. One thing I do know is not to hold everything in, share your feelings with others often! Let the past be just that, the past, and strive for the future, strive to be happy! God bless this man, and lord forgive him in Jesus name...  Amen

RIP Brother! Nothing else

RIP Soldier You will be missed by many

It's very hard for anyone who has never been in combat or a war zone to relate to someone with PTSD. Some guys come back and keep it all inside using booze and drugs as their psychologist . I have seen guys do this. Other vets understand but a lot of people do not. I cannot even think what it must take to listen to hundreds of  soliders trying to cope with the effects of combat and death. This poor soul must have carried the torment of so many with him. I know God and his Angels will welcome him home where and he will be free of his demons forever.

God Bless kids like these! Who said Heroes and Healers don't "Walk Among Us"!??Cannot write anything else! My eyes are blurred. R.I.P. Son!

No matter how sad or tragic a story, there are always disrespectful  ace whole posters.

STAY OUT OF THE US MILITARY its not your dad's military any-longer. The US walked out of Vietnam, they walked out of Iraq, and now Afghanistan, spent trillions in dollars and young poor kids blood, then spent trillions rebuilding all for nothing. the people of the world hate our guts for interfering in their business.  Take it from a Vietnam vet  the US turned their back on me and every other vet that served in that hell hole and they are doing the same thing to the Iraq and Afgan vets. The government will do anything they can to stay in power and advance their liberal agenda and make themselves rich and protect not the military but the politicians riches.

Only those who have been there and served can fully understand.  RIP Brother, you've earned it

Twenty two American Veterans commit suicide every day. Thats 8030 a year.  Are you sick of it yet America?  Do you care?

Welcome to the hell created by George W. Bush, who stays peacefully at home just dabbling on canvas.This is a story that could have been told about a thousand or more other special Veterans of all Wars the United States Military has participated in. Freedom is not FREE. We have another tragedy here...Semper Fi, '68-'71.

A very touching story indeed.

It's not often that I read an article by the AP that is written this well. Thanks Sharon coen.As for Pete Linnerooth, my heart breaks for him, his family and friends. The suffering of war is a terrible thing, and this man acted like a sponge for his comrades, sucking up the pain they had the courage to relate to him. But he had no way to squeeze it out. It just filled him up until he could take no more. The urge to make this political is strong when I read this, but the truth is our government has never done enough to help those who have suffered the mental trauma of war, regardless of which party is in charge. We can't do enough to help these men and women with the horrors they've experienced. But we should at least try.

Seems like more and more people who become soldiers are not able to handle the things soldiers have to do. What are we going to do? Drones?

Unless you've been there you don't have a clue.

Deputy Sheriff (Retired)  U.S.M.C. (Sgt. Combat disabled Veteran),All of us Veterans are under attack from our own President, our Senators, Representatives, and even the Department of Home Land security.  Since when in history of all the wars that have been fought by Americans is a U.S. Service Veteran considered dangerous to his own Countrymen???  Now all of a sudden we are... This War on Terror is no different then WW-I, WW-II,  Korea, Vietnam, Desert Shield / Desert Storm, and the Present.  It is very sad and tragic to be a witness too your fellow soldiers and friends get murdered or seriously injured right in front of you.All I can say is there is no shame in your game if you go and talk to a counselor.  It's in private, it's confidential, and you can speak freely. Secondly... I went and talked to my Chaplain frequently about my P.T.S.D. symptoms.  He was a Vietnam Veteran who was also a Force Recon Marine back in the day.  He said something to me that took away the guilt I was feeling for some things of war and what I had saw.  He pointed out to me in the Bible that sometimes war is necessary and he showed me that I am forgiven for my actions during war.  One verse even said something to the effect that God loves all soldiers because of their discipline to follow orders, the love and protection of their fellow soldier, and they fight for righteousness and freedom.  The oppressive rulers and the ones who kill, rape, and torture their own people in the name of their God are cursed and will fall.My nightmares went away and I quit self medicating with alcohol.  I am a better man today.  Because of my Job as a Deputy Sheriff I had some incidents that brought back the P.T.S.D. but I was able to Identify this right away and went back to my V.A. Counselor and spoke to her about it.  My P.T.S.D. went away.  P.T.S.D. is a condition... IT IS NOT A MENTAL ILLNESS!  Also I will tell you being over medicated does not help at all!  Do not abuse your medication or allow them to over medicate you.  Over medicating is never going to work or help you.  It will just make things work.  Drinking Alcohol and doing Street Drugs is not going to help you it will destroy you!  Staying clean and sober is the only way.  And then go see the Veterans Hospital Counselors, And go through the 21 day P.T.S.D. program as an inpatient volunteer.  There is no shame in this game.  I did it and I am a better man today.And they did not take my Firearms away.  The only time they take your firearms away is if you are serious threat to yourself and others.  So if your dumb enough, and sorry assed enough to end your life or others then you deserve to have your firearms taken away.  Once your home and not in a War Zone it's time to put those feelings and fears away.  Once you are home it's over!  There is a lot more out there in life to live for...  I have two wonderful children, and I am a grandfather now.  I stay in good physical shape, I go on nice vacations, I still go hunting, and I ride my Harley Davidson on long rode trips all over this great nation.  I go to church from time to time, and I still pray to God.  You might be angry at God for somethings but he is always there for all of us wether you want to believe me or not.  If you don't believe in God then pick a higher power and try that for awhile.  It will come to you.I hope what I have said here today will help my fellow Brother and Sister Veterans.  You are loved, cherished and honored.  You have support and help waiting for you. Don't wait go get it.  Take the first step.  You will not regret it.

I wanna scream.  John Murtha TOLD YOU ALL how bad it was.  The soldiers came to Murtha and they told him what was going on there.  And he went right on camera and said "Get our guys outta there now!"  Where were all of you then?  Now you cry crocodile tears?  NOW?  Where were you?

Politicians' KIDS should (and should have) served in this so-called "war."  Suicide by these warriors was identified EARLY in this war, yet no one in authority addressed it -- our politicians forced our youth to witness / experience the horrors of war and, yet, it still rages on.  The same old question applies:  WHY ???

for all who is blaming bush and cheney, need to hold the dems feet to the fire too.  congress voted to give bush the authority to wage war against iraq

Capt. Linnerooth  became  a  vessel  that  received  all  the  trauma  others  experienced .Their lighter  load  enabled  them  to  carry  on .Unfortunately ,  Capt. Linnerooth  was  human  also  and  had  long  exceeded  the  limit  he  should  be  carrying  but  there  was  no  where  for  him  to  unload .He  was  a  healer  that  gave  more  than  100% of  himself  and  it  was  eventually  too  much .Other  healers  need  to  realize  they  are  human  and  can't  heal  everyone .Healers ,  Please ,  pace  yourself  so  you  can  live  a  longer  life  andfind  places  of  peace  and  happiness  to  balance  the  trauma  you  carry .Thank  you Capt,  Linnerooth  for  your  immense  compassion  with  the troops .We  wish  you  could  have  been  with  us  longer ,You  will  live  on  in  Many  Many  hearts .And this article will just be filed away with the rest. Soon forgotten. A statistic instead of a name. Sure, this article will inspire an immediate reaction of compassion from your readers Yahoo.. But what it needs to do, is inspire responsibility from our government. I hope every person reading this, prints it and mails it to them. Otherwise, we all sigh, some even cry... and then we go on til it happens again. May this hero and all like him, finally get the peace and to those battling these demons, the care they all earned and deserve.

To every soldier reading this, your children will never understand. Do whatever it takes to tough it out for them. They are your first responsibility.I support our soldiers.

The deaths from suicide from our veterans nearly matches the deaths from being killed inaction. We only know or have access to what the media provides. We are not privy to thehorrors of war or the trauma that affects the lives of those who are there seeing it and livingit day after day. But yet there are those who will swear that guns are the answer to all theworlds problems.

He felt betrayed, said his wife.  The V.A. continually drops the ball with both their medical and psychological treatment for veterans.  You'd think the V.A. would help, but, they do the opposite... they instill fears of withholding compensation or treatment.  With the government now wanting to categorize all veterans with ptsd and even legislate that they're 'unqualified' to be able to defend themselves with firearms is just plain wrong.  People with ptsd are rarely violent, most just suffer quietly.  This is sending the message to military people, or anyone with ptsd to not seek the help they may need for fear of having their rights taken away.  Politicians are now creating criminals because of this mass hysteria that they and the main stream media have created to further their 'progressive' agenda.  It's sad what we've become.

Very sad.Bad things happen to good people all the time.. don't try to make sense of it, it will just drive you nuts and make you hate the world.

War is hell.

i still barely sleep it sucks, all this political #$%$ su#$%$s,,   i wanna sleep

It should be required that every Congressman and Senator hang a portrait of Captain Linnerooth in their office as a reminder of the impact of their votes.

You are told when delivering psychological services, counseling, to limit the number of horrific cases you see in a week. If you see too many it will suck the life right out of you. He had nothing but horrific cases, every day, week in and week out. He gave his life for others just as surely as an IED or enemy bullet.

This story, while tragic, is a testament to courage. The best piece of writing, the most motivating story.... It must have been difficult to write this....i can see tears between the lines, Thank you for telling this story of a great man.Good story, well written. A man of many gifts, gone too soon.

If the public knew how bad war really was we wouldn't be so quick to start them. I think that most people think of war as a video game.. Its not.. It's your best friends brains splattered across your face. RIP  Peter Linnerooth.

There is much that can be said about that war.I have some very strong feelings about it.But for right now i just hope that he is at peace.I also hope that his family can understand the horror that he lived through and forgive his act.R.I.P.Captain.

The problem with an all volunteer force is we have too many politicions and a president with no combat experience using them as a mercenary force while tieing their hands with unrealistic rules of engagement. War is not a game and when it is not fought to win casualties increase and morale suffers.

Leaves from the vineFalling so slowLike fragile, tiny shellsDrifting on the flowLittle soldier boyCome marching homeBrave soldier boyComes marching home*SALUTE*ooh rah *wipe away tear*

A question and temptation every vet has had to battle with.  We know that there are worse things in this universe than death, we have seen them and fought them.  The real battle is refusing to give in and just let death bring you the peace and the end of the nightmares you so desperately seek.  Rest in God's sanctuary and peace my brother.  You have earned it.

I loved the way this writer wrote this. She did it in such a way that I wanted to know and work with him. He is gone now, but maybe the people he counseled could pay it forward by remembering what he done for them by passing his words and comfort to those who need it to keep it together while in service. God bless and keep you all safe and THANK YOU.

I wished he was there for me. I got help, but those feelings never disappear, the pain and despair of war you carry forever.  You always feel like it is never enough and you just want to be relieved of the pain and sadness.  Rest In Peace Sir....you are free now, you can rest knowing you have helped so many. God Bless you~

These are the troops the elite urge us to support, while ignoring them themselves.

Unfortunatly the death toll keeps rising. May all these tortured souls rest in peace.Anybody with PTSD I would say stay out of the VA.  They made me worse.  They promote dependency, not healing.  Try to find a therapist who takes a sliding scale, if need be.

Look into the wounded warrior project. They do allot for the troops that the VA either can't or won't.

Regular psychologists have been known to quit the profession due to stress of constantly trying to fix everyone. Gotta be worse with combat fatigue.

It's a tragedy to end like this. Why he did'nt ask for help. Denial that he don't have a problem?

Brainwashed??? Your remark makes me sick. Without knowing him, I bet you that Capt. Linnerooth joined the military to do something about others in need in his country, people like him later go in law enforcement, fire fighting, rescuing. Not because they think they are better but because IT'S THE NORMAL THING TO DO, trolling on the web behind gadgets is lazy. You are a loser, if you are a kid, watch it, you are a loser in the making. We are not superior than you, until you get into a crumbled bulding to save people, until you run towards a flooded city to save people don't you dare call a guy like Linnerooth brainwashed he IS the NORMAL human being, you on the other hand are BELOW STANDARDS.

So sad... :(

Wasn't the terrorist, Nidal Malik Hasan, who murdered all those people at Fort Hood also a psychologist?  (No!  He was a psychiatrist.)  Glad I was never on either of their couches for counseling.

Capt. Peter Linnerooth you pain has ended, may you RIP.  This proud American cannot even fathom the sacrifice, but appreciate and support all the servicemen and women who fight the atrocities of the world and for our freedom here at home.  My condolences to the family and friends.

AS A VET, MY TIME WILL COME SOON , AND WE WILL HEAR ==WELL DONE ALL MY BROTHERS AND SISTERS, WELL DONE . !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

If we had better mental health services for US citizens and these brave soldiers maybe we could save more lives than are being lost when mentally ill people act out their thoughts of harm to self and others.. He experienced vicarious trauma and could have sought treatment if any were available."Service guarantees citizenship". I so wish this was true.

Our military has done enough, they deserve a break. There has to be a better way to solve problems.....

Long war with Alqaeda people, whose hobby is to kill people if they dont agree with them, is not worth the human and financial cost to USA...

Damn few.

He gave his life for his country.Thanks for writing a very good article about him.

I heard the Pentagon is cutting veterans benefits and keeping their expensive military projects like the failed f35 jet fighter.. hate these people that run our country, they use us like slaves

Another victim of the Neo-Cons phony lying warmongering.

No one should be allowed to run for office without serving in the military.

Sad end to a great human. Thanks for your service Bro and see you on the other side.

Capt. Peter Linnerooth I salute you Sir as though you have not gone in hopes that someone will carry on your ways of fighting in another court.RIP Sir !!! You are truly a HERO. !!!!

The horror of war never leaves.  The politicians that send people to war are more concerned about being elected or re-elected than those that die.  The tax base cannot support the healing or bring back the dead or rebuild the destruction.  The grave offers no comfort; it only marks loss.

He forgot about his children though

Troops in combat give so much yet the politicians are working as hard as they can to take away all their benefits.To help the deficit the Senate proposed a bill that military on active duty should start paying for their medical instead of free care. And taking away retirement benefits.

May his friends and loved ones never forget him. In that way he will never die. I hope he is finally at peace.

Why can't we get paid for our military services? We are the best, and we die doing this #$%$! So my thoughts are we should get paid as to not have all these wars added to our daughters and son's tax bills in the future. Why don't we get smart instead of the status quo doing the thinking.

The Army treats its people like #$%$...I just lost a Best Friend in army.My grief is hard all army did was send a tiny booklet on it.He had me down on some of his paperwork what to do after his death the army after giving it to me just dropped me like a rock...Never one time did they call after that. Its a shame how they do their people in life an death.

I just want to hug ALL of the USA soldiers, who are fighting for freedom, for the citizens in foreign countries.  God Bless Them All.  And God Bless Pete Linnerooth.  He is my hero.

When we lose love ones to war it makes you wonder what it could or should have been like if they were still here, I know I do. What is freedom one might ask.

I wish I could have seen him before his passing to give him a big bear hug...All you can do is listen and try not to take your work home with you. Most of us are not able to relax after work because of this. Vets need to vent, seems like all that info leads to trouble.

This poor man.  God Bless his family.  May their memories of the good times help to sustain them.

Rest in peace, Captain Linnerooth.  Your country appreciates your service and the aid you provided to countless others.  God bless your soul.

RIP soldier, and God Bless You.

Even in death, he made and old Vet feel just a little better reading about such great soul. God bless.

When you reach a point in life that you want.......you hope for some feelings.......and you can't feel anything, and at the same time........you want the hurting to stop and it doesn't.......you want it all to stop.......to let up a little......but it doesn't.........you start looking for any escape.Sadly no one understands this unless they have been there........

If the goverment officals were up close and personal with war maybe they wouldnt be so quick to engage.    and im sure all the gun haters are saying well he was depressed and had a gun so the gun was at fault .. I say if he wasnt drinking he probaly would still be here i know 4 people from high school that are serving 25 to life over alchol

End the wars and bring our troops home. Stop policing the world. This is what happens to our young soldiers. PTSD running rampant among those returning. It's not healthy and it needs to stop.

Damn, this is a great story. Made me think about my own impact on others. RIP Captain.

Sorry to hear it.A real hero god bless, and rest in peace

Damn, this brought tears to my eyes...the self serving politicians in Washington will never understand until they themselves have lived through war and have served on a battlefield.

My heart breaks with heavy sadness. I am so sorry for the deep pain you all must be enduring (or have). God Bless You ALL. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.

It's true the good die young. He's in a better place now RIP.

shame on all of us for allowing these wars to happen ~ you don t send people to hell and expect them to come back as before ~

What kind of pills was he taking...some of the stuff people take causes suicidal thoughts,that most of the time result in that person committing suicide.Sympathy to his friends and family....He is finally at peace from bad memories.

"I am the way, the truth and the life." Jesus

As a person who has suffered a TBI and from PTSD for over Thirty Plus Years, I can tell you that no pills or discussing your problems really get rid of the so called demons you have to deal with!In fact the VA and Government add to these problems by putting them on the back burner, and when they do start to deal with them, they say that damage soldiers are a danger to society after years of dealing and be held responsible for anger issue's from a society who could care less!All the good intent of people unless spiritually motivated will not help

Still remember rvn 44 years later, just like yesterday! Qui nhon an khe pleiku

It takes time to shake it,  and when you find out you cannot shake it all.  You learn to live with it and not remember it so often.   One has to remember we did our duty,  what was asked of us.  But what we really sacrificed was our youth,  if not our life.   Semper Fi to this Capt.  May God soothe your pain.I pretty much know the answer to this question, but wonder what other people think.  As the story about this great soldier says, there is a problem, but just one case mentioned, of bed wetting.  When I got back from hell in the marines, to the world in an actual barracks, I noticed that most of the mattresses were badly stained and even smelled, extremely, of urine.  One duty station actually had a large storage area with dozens and dozens of the worst mattresses.  I couldn't understand how my fellow marines could be wetting the bed (rack), but the vast majority were, if not all.  At the same time I wondered why some guys were waking up and talking like they were in the middle of combat, even screaming.  Later i started doing some of this same stuff.  If you aren't a marine, or former military, or in the military, this is probably hard to understand.  It is hard for me to understand.  I totally get it though as to why the job that psychologist in the army had was so stressful.  the expression war is hell maybe fits pretty good here.

sempier fi

Suicide among psychologists is high to begin with and top that with the pressures of taking care of soldiers just makes it that much worse.  I applaud and commend Capt. Peter Linnerooth on his ability to give peace to so many but as the article says it was demons that destroyed him from the inside-out.  Cannot rely upon the things of this world to find comfort and solace in.  There is one who waits to comfort ALL OF US in our time of need and yet we never take the time to drop to our knees and surrender our burdens to Him.  May Mr. Linnerooth find the peace with Christ that he never found here.  "Sovereign Lord we lift to you this brother-in-arms and a shoulder to many who needed one.  We ask You to weigh his heart against any and all sins that he may have had and to bring him home to peace that was not found here.  We don't know if our brother had accepted your Son as his Savior but he did so much for those who probably did that we ask you to forgive this and bring him home.  In Jesus' name and through you Holy Spirit we ask this.  Amen."

What a tragic story of an American hero. I served in Vietnam and felt so fortunate that I didn't suffer PTSD. But 40 years later I began having flash backs. The trauma of war is unbelievably terrible and stays with a person.  The VA has provided me with a lot of help and coping tools. I see couselors much like Capt. Peter Linnerooth who hear the horror stories of recent and past wars all day long like he did.  The wounds of being in war cannot be seen but are as real as any damage a bullet can do.  The one thing most Veterans will tell you, is they would do it all over again to protect our country and to keep our freedoms. War is truly hell, but so is the threat of losing what our country stands for and provides for all of us. God Bless our troops and our veterans.

May perpetual light shine upon him.  Peace to his family and friends.

I sometimes think that we should have a military like Israel. All men and women should serve a two year hitch. There isn't a job on the outside that doesn't have a counterpart in the military. Maybe if everyone had a stake in our defense more people would appreciate what it takes to do the job on a lifetime basis. Just an idea.

Stop medicating these men with psychotropic drugs.  It might help at first but the suicidal side effects are devastating.  With so many Soldiers taking these things is it any wonder there is a upswing in suicides?

Bring them all home.  We should not be subjecting our citizens to this punishment all because some people want to get richer!!!

For ANYONE who would thumbs down on what this man went through, regardless of his suicide, you people are a bunch of losers!! You could not have handled 5 MINUTES OF WHAT HE WENT THROUGH! I would not want to be you when YOU ARE JUDGED.

RIP Pete Linnerooth . Always remembered and never forgotten.End the wars.

thank you for your service to America and mankind.

More Vietnam Vets have died from suicide then were killed in that war.

Tears as I type.

If you think our elected political leaders care about our soldiers you have another think coming, they only care about there own self serving political and monetary needs it is time to pass out the blue coats and red coats again and take our country back

U.S. Government and U.S. Military killed this man? Do no give us anymore RIP, Wave your Flag, Hero, U.S. Government speeches. For you are the ones who killed this man.

There is something seriously wrong with our society today.  Our current and retired military are commiting suicide in record numbers.  That wasn't the case with our WWI and WWII vets or even our Korean and Viet Nam vets, at least not in the numbers there are now.  I don't think we can pass it off as PTSD any longer.  This starts long before deployment into a combat zone.

Military divorce rates are high.

Richard Cheney should be air-dropped into Yemen.

So Sad.  I hope he finds peace.  My prayers for his family.i feel for this guy and his family, but how the heck did we ever get through WWII where there was 10 or 20 times the causality count?

We NEED to get our people OUT of the sewer nations of the world. When I read of what these creations in government permit to happen to our great ones, I become ashamed of America for allowing atrocities like this to happen. Damn the snakes in the pentagram, as well as the traitors in congress who sit on their thumbs and tut-tut the deplorable way our veterans are treated. The joint chiefs and political hacks are #$%@&amp;^*!!!. My vocabulary fails me. And to all you that don't like what I say, here's a preemptive shove it.

Thank the new world order central banksters for all of this nonsense.

This is a heartbreaker.

George Carlin once told a story about how during WW1 it was known as "shell shock"; he went on to tell of how during WW2 it became known as "battle fatigue"; then it was "operational exhaustion" during the Korean War.  Once Viet-Nam came along it was changed to "Post-traumatic stress disorder".He then stated that if they were still calling it SHELL SHOCK that those Viet-Nam vets would still be getting the treatment the soldiers were getting during WW1!And now, my take on it...they've taken Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder and turned into something that isn't even a word - P.T.S.D.The combat condition known as SHELL SHOCK has been desensitized down to 4 simple letters out of laziness and a complete and total lack of caring from those who've never fought for out freedoms.

This only show the lack of Leadership.  Poor Management.  No defended Mission.  U.S. Military today is Suicides, Rapes, To much money wasted, PTSD, etc..

Cheney and Bush,.................your day is coming.................................

What a great story about a great Man , any body who suffer's from PTSD knows when there talking to someone who givs a rats #$%$ or someone who dont have clue , the ones who know are priceless to us who have to see them , we will meet again brother . RIP

I finally left Iraq in May, 2004.  The memories don't go away for all of us.  May God watch over Linnerooth in Heaven and bless the family he left behind!

To his family, all I can say is "I am sorry for your loss".Many counselor's have trouble dealing with what they experiance at work.  A military counselor such as this one probably has up to ten times the trauma compared to a "nomral" one in the US.  The "normal" ones have a high burn out rate.  Counselor's need counseling themselves just to stay sane.  Do not be afriad to ask for help.What an awesome tribute.  This should be required reading for all our, so called,leaders.  Rest in Peace, Pete. Rest in Peace.   Yes, You are now safely Home and near your Friends.  God Bless You !!!

My tears of grief &amp; sorrow are mixed with those of frustration at the politicians who know NOTHING about the hell these men function in. Their greed for power allows them to remain detached from the battlefield in their plush homes &amp; offices. We have learned NOTHING from all the wars America has fought in. Like with Marley's ghost, politicians need to be haunted repeatedly until they understand - loud &amp; clear - the true meaning of life &amp; love.

The govt. is out of control.  It's "broken"; in other words it doesn't work.  Nevertheless money keeps pouring into it keeping it alive; so you pay for nothing; no service for people who get it all. You better take charge or end up a crying snivelling man begging for mercy from incompetent lazies who you've given your fate and destiny to.

This is a sad case of big pharma drugs and bad doctors playing god with his brain chemistry. He needed counseling not a pill. Your doctor is simply guessing when they prescribe anti depressants.

People who don't have jobs making them up to justify their own.  They want to do something big but they don't know how and so they do things like this causing chaos and confusion.  But one thing they do know how to do is take care of themselves.

What a terrible ending to a fine man and career. Helped so many. Rest in peace Hero.

Jeez...war is a beautiful thing, according to some....not...(needed as a last resort, sometimes, but not beautiful) hope this guy can rest in peace, and does...thanks, so very much, for your services, sir.

To ALL of you veterans out there. Please know that you are truly, truly loved and needed by simple people like me. To this HERO, May You Rest In Peace with all my HEROS before You. To ALL my HEROS at home or still deployed May God watch over and take care of You.

Yahoo does realize that this is a positive article about a male and is the first time in the history of the politically correct company that a pro male article has escaped their misandrist influence.Just checking.

so sad.  May God bless him and his familyThere is only one way to fight a war, fight to win.  If the other guy is your enemy then kill him, if he's not your enemy then leave him the hell alone.

Another wasted, ruined life that held such promise.  Those who sent our sons, brothers, fathers, mothers, daughters, and sisters to that horrible place out of arrogance and greed will burn in Hell.  Better still, burn them alive here on Earth and then they go to Hell.

meanwhile obama cuts their healthcare, and mental health coverage

It is a very sad story to read and know a man who devoted so much time to helping others could not find the help he needed himself.  It is very heartbreaking to realize he never found his way back to a normal life.   I think many veterans will never have their lives ever feel normal again after the brutality of war.

He died for the Big Banks owned by the ''government''.

The saying used to be: " Your Best Bet Hire A Vet ". now it needs to be" Your Best Bet Elect A Vet ".

God Bless our soldiers.WE keep them in battle for so long they end up like this.Scarred for lifeThis political and religeous was needs to end npw.We need to concentrate on our Borders and North Korea.

A stirring testament to a very fine man. Also a well written insight of the enormous sacrifices those who wear the uniform of this country make. It is not to be taken lightly or ever forgotten. May Captain Linnerooth now find peace as well as his family and friends.

This is the saddest ,goodbye warrior, rest now .

The signs were there,was the VA ?Doubt it  Rest in peace brother  Nam 71-72