Oh she believes she's above the law!

Winnie had many many people murdered.  A tire over the head, gasoline and ignited - know as ringing - her favorite method of disposal.  She is a real subspecies.

given the facts of her savage means of torture and murder,, whats the problem? give her a nice trial followed by a first class hanging

Shocked ,  OH my god this terrorist should have been in jail years ago.

At least she didn't put burning tires around their necks like she usually does.Should have been executed years ago

shes as guilty as the day is old.

Winnie Mandela is a Terrorist. She put burnning tires around people's necks.

This beach needs to go to prison, she is nothing but a criminal and thug

This is almost an Onion headline.  Winnie has been a #$%$ and a thug her whole life.  How she got so many passes is a crime.

I see Mandela is above the law- I see Mandelas also have blood on their hands

Lady , murder is murder , regardless of who you were,your skin colour , you will be investigated and be charged if you are proven guilty....What happened to the time she had her body guards torture and kill that teen aged kid? Looks like nothing. Any her ex the great an almight Nelson is already a convicted terrorist that get standing ovations here in the USA, but he only killed white police officers and looks like that's approved.

Nelson Mandela is a slimy socialist racist. His ex-wife was even worse as she led the gang that did all the killing and torturing. Once blacks took over the continent, Africa returned to its tribal ways. Primitive and brutal.

And our media tries to make her and her husband heroes.

Winnie Mandela should have been tried and convicted of murder many years ago. Her bones should be moldering in the grave by now.

The Maldela's advocated the use of "necklace" killings where a person is tied in a sitting position, a tire is placed over their shoulders and set on fire. It is a slow death, choking on smoke and being burned by molten rubber, often used against members of other tribes.

Nelson's cell is waiting for you Winnie...................so is Satan!

She should be electrocuted, rather than only shocked.

Winnie Mandela's famous quote, "With our necklaces we can liberate this country." Necklace burnings involved placing a tire over the victim's shoulders and burning it, resulting in a slow tortuous death. Search on youtube: winnie mandela necklace speech.

Finally (maybe). I know just the place for her if convicted. Its a pleasant little speck of land called Robbin Island. Her ex husbands cell is available I believe.

It makes you wonder how much of a hero Nelson Mandel actually is.  To torture people and burn them with tires sounds like the top of the evil chain, but hey, when the World's info is run by a leftist media,  leftist extremists are seen as heroes rather than villains.   Maybe his prison sentence was not so unjustified.   She should have been put in jail for life years ago, what a thug.There has been plenty of evidence to implicate her in numerous murders.  Her "outrage" is hardly proof of her innocence.

Put a tire around her neck , Fill it with Gas and Lit it , That is what this POS did to whole familys

Winnie Mandala is a murdering #$%$ who should have been executed long ago for her many heinous acts. She's about as foul and nasty a woman that has ever walked the Earth.

There were other accounts years ago about this so called heroine.  She also ordered a nasty death where they filled a tire with gasoline and placed it around the torso of a tied up man and set it on fire and watched him slowly burn to death.  She is a real piece of work.  I totally believe she was and is capable of murder.  But she would justify it as casualties of her own personal war.  The thing is, she killed her own people.  If you disagreed with her, you had a short time to live.  She is another example of power destroying the sanity of a human being.

She led the "Mandela United" soccer team which was actually nothing more than a gang of thugs who did her bidding while hiding behind the thin guise of soccer players . This woman is a beast .

That horrible wench should have been in prison years ago .

Why is she shocked ?She is just a much a terrorist as Nelson !

Drop some old truck tires around her and start a fire.  That's what her husband's supporters did to hundreds of their enemies.

It's amazing how people want Justice unless it means they are getting prosecuted. She was the leader of people committing murder under her orders.  She should die in prison.

Winnie has a long history of criminal activity.  Why is this a "shock" to her?  She is "shocked" because she thought she got away with murder but has not?This reminds me of the "shock" of the nazi generals tried at nuremburg.  After all, they were only following orders.  Well, she was only following the criminal mindset she was born with when she had her gang of thugs tire her opponents and burn them alive.  It's about time that justice was done in that God-forsaken country.  Justice...South Africa...an oxymoron.

SHOCKED ?  now that is a big fat lie.

A woman with no soul, and no idea of what justice is. I hope if she is convicted she gets no less than life in prison. If you are the murderer who sent others to kill, you are just as guilty as the guy who did the stabbing.

What a fraud she was, lets remember the left and her. It was a love affair. Again they grovel at the feet of the leftist tyrant.

If she were really tried for all her crimes...she would be hung many times over!

late is better than never. let her pay for her crimes that the western media covered up for her, and be an example to all who think they're above the law, including many here, that one day justice will be done.

Throw the druggie in jail

to this day, SA still has a real violence problem.

.....didn't she also redefine the word 'necklace?'

Just as bad as the people she opposed.This from a woman who urged "necklacing." An evil woman indeed who believes the law cannot touch her.

She is an evil person, just like Nelson.

she's shocked? after all of the winnie neck ties? they were auto tires filled with gas put around a person, then lit. and she's shocked?

What a world we live in!

Makes you wonder how such a universally admired man could have made such a poor judgement in choosing a wife.  Perhaps love is truly blind.  Show no one is perfect, I guess.

Mandela and winnie are communist , they support, all the communist dictators, they just were made heroes by communist media , most black people in america had been duped by Mandela, like the germans were duped by hitler.

She was and is a terrorist

She can't believe the charges because of who she is!? Get over yourself.

Worst thisng that ever happened to South Africa; the end of apartheid.

Who cares about Black on Black crime in Africa?Don't we have enough of it in our own back yard to contend with?An ethnicity that comprises aproximately 10-13% of the U.S. poplulation and yet is responsible for 80 to 97% of all viloent crime. I'd say we have our own problems right here folks.She's guilty!!!

Winnie has always been a murderer. She killed many more than these 2.

South Africa was once the pride of civilization in Africa. After the blacks too over it turned into a huge cesspool. Just a fact.

Jeffrey Dahmer was also shocked that he was convicted.

Necklace Winnie...Justice Served.

What a pig she is.  Murdering sow.

Call'em Racists....so what they're Black.........................There's a White Liberal somewhere at Harvard that'll make it work!

Slam your hand on a desk..."It was so long ago...what difference does it make?!".................The American Press and Feminists will buy it!

She is probably not as surprised, as the people she ringed.  Definition of ringing - a tire put over the head, gas poured on and ignited with a match.  This is a very evil base defiler.

Finally, it's time for Winnie "The Pooh" Mandela to get her comeuppance.   The media has shielded her from the light of truth for so long, but now the chickens are coming home to roost.This woman has been questionedd about numerous illegal activities over the years. She's most likely is guilty, and is pure #$%$.

......................This NIGHTMARE of a #$%$...Popularized "Necklacing"Necklacing:1. Bound and Gag someone...without Due Process2. Hang a tire around their neck3. Dose the person and tire with Diesel...4. Light it on Fire

She can just be surprised and shocked...what I am surprised and shocked about is that they didn't do this a long time ago...

It was my understanding that she was heavily implicated in the practice of "necklacing" opposition opponents.  Expect to have the wife of our own nobel peace laureate initiate that practice here someday soon.

Winnie NEEDS a taste of her own Terror...NECKLACE WINNIE...period.

"""""Nelson Mandela's ex-wife Winnie expressed "surprise and shock" that prosecutors are considering charges against her """"She is a despicable human being and it's obvious that she is behind the crimes. She was already prosecuted for other crimes....

Order a Drone Strike....You &amp; Nelson are Commies....Obama oughtta help out!

Obama likes..."They oughtta Shut Up and Obey"...............................................Works on the American Left....that includes the Media

The chickens          have come to roost.

Feed the (b)itch to the lions.Show me one thing the blacks have built or taken over that isn't a total cesspool?

Same woman was held up as some kind of saint (along with her Marxist husband) for years. Tell me again how that country has improved in the last 30 or so years.

Who is it that loves the Mandelas so much? Oh yeah, the liberals and leeches of the world.

evil and brutal, murder as a tool for advancing the communist in South Africa. Winnie was a ruthless leader in the fight for their perceived freedom.

She has always believed she can murder or do anything else she wants, inlcuding stealing which she has done many times, and who knows what else, and she always gets away with it while laughing in the law's face.

I realize it was her husband not her that won it but doesn't it seem odd that the Nobel committee gives out Peace Prizes to people who are responsible for so many deaths over the years?

Remind the Prosecutor...You only Necklaced Republicans...That oughtta do it!

Tell'em you're Chinese...err...that only works in America

Obama always blames Bush or Congress...............................................................Always turns out He's the one really responsible though

Take'em to an expensive meal....err....that doesn't workget rid of her and that pos nelson..

Winnie..................Just tell'em you're a Black Panther or a Kennedy................................................................................................Works in America

"How dare they?!"

she has a big backside

Wasn't Mandella himself locked up for killing a policeman, but the left wing still denies he did it, when he was seen, both are killers who are praised by the sick left.

Just because the leftist media paints you as a wonderful person does not make it actually true. Winnie was a vicious radical, and she deserves to be punished. South Africa has become a sh-thole, and America is next.

African blacks always express surprise that anyone cares they're murderous pigs.

typical

Isn't it strange how Johannasburg has become the most dangerous city in the world?  Could it be that the likes of Winnie "types" are now running much of the country?

she is a lovely piece of work there; bushcat to the coreWar crimes are still crimes.

She is an evil woman that has yet to learn the lesson of sowing and reaping.

Become a Muslim....say Murder is OK..... if it's Jhihad, Women, Innocents, Christians!

Say tearfully.............I'm Jack Kennedy's Niece &amp; I'm a Good person

What is the definition of "Is"...Maybe that'll help.............................................................................or...........I wasn't having Sex

someone that has killed people has no problem to lie- or to steal- or to destroy

not all racial types can dunk a basketball...not all racial types can lead...there's no shame in either case...just basic reality.

Black on black crime,And the socialist think they can do anything and never pay,This is the way our country is headed right now

Winnie...Just tell'em..."I'm a Kennedy!"....................................................You can get away with Murder in America with that one.

Winnie torched hundreds with burning used tire "Mendela Necklace" under the order of Nelson the ANC butcher.Mandela &amp; Co have always been corrupt.So Africa is worse off today than it was 30 years ago.

Men need to choose their woman carefully. A good woman is hard to find!

typical roid. should have picked our own cotton letting them feed the lions

the Mandelas are guilty of necklacing there rivals

the burning tire necklace , and they make mandelas as heroes and freedom fighters

Corruption, murder and theft is what you get when these types of people are placed in charge

murderers!

Nothing will happen to the witch.

What the heck is going on over there??? Don't they realize that the only people who are to be held accountable for their crimes are the Whites???!!!

The light of truth is about to shine on Winnie "The Pooh" Mandela, and she isn't going to like it.Since she was married to a convicted terrorist is this any surprise?

Good, she will deserve what she gets if this is true..............and if it is true, there are good chances that there are more such as this somewhere...........

another so called "black hero", in reality she is a murderer and a liar.  Put her in jail; better yet, necklace her like she caused so many to be burned alive through her words.  she belongs to satan.  South Africa is satan.s playground

How's that getting rid of apartheid thing working out?

Struggle for power is always not a clear pathway.Some one is usually lying.Look at Obama camp.He is slowly killing us all.Anything to win.

Why so serious she says. Hang her

I can remember back in college in the '80s all the students protesting and the Mandelas wound up being held up as saviors for their people. Too bad that it appears the corruption they fought against wound up on their own doorstep. Absolute power and corruption seem to go hand in hand.

How DARE they prosecute Winnie...SHE'S BLACK!!!

Once the shock wears off....reality will set in. Meanwhile I wonder what MANFELLA is thinking ?

Knee Grow Winnie Mandela must be "necklaced" for these murders. Death will be good for her!Looks like old blood on ones hands can leave a long lasting stain.

It is amazing how people who you thought were of true service to humanity really weren't/aren't. Her responses are very telling. Notice she doesn't come right out and say she didn't do it in any of these statements either through her directly or her attorney and it seems she only denied it at the hearing which is obvious for anyone to do even if they are guilty. Very few people admit guilt.And a lot of people like to play word games but anyone with any sense can see through the bs. That being said, South Africa is one of the most corrupt and vicious parts of the world and has been for a very long time. Hopefully justice is served. I get apartheid and racism can't be solved with rainbows and butterflies but it sounds like she was as vicious as the people her and her husband were trying to rally against.And the points they are now raising about Mother Theresa now, too. All of this is really disturbing.

Winnie Mandela in addition to being pure evil, is a terrific metaphor for the failure of the human race. Have a martian necklace her.

Amazing she instituted was she was fighting against.  Another power hungry person willing to do whatever to have power.  She cared less for human rights than the white rulers she was fighting against.

apartheid kept the lid on...just like the west sanctioned ironfisted middle eastern rulers kept the lid on that region...now everything is chaos...some races are not capable of managing their own affairs...it's that simple.

I thought that witch was already in jail.

As could be expected, South Africa has turned into an economic basket case and a cesspool since blacks were allowed to govern.  It's like making a homeless wino a rocket scientist.

sounds like chicago

Winnie may have killed more people than Idi Amin.

typical, maybe  obama can pardon  her same mindsetngrs are always shocked when they have to account for their crimes. They think its a birthrite to be able to rape,rob,and murder.

Another mass murderer that will go down in history.

Mandela is a serial killer.  She was responsible for her "soccer team" killing 14-year-old Stompie.  Now more dead found.  She has sung at political rallies a song "Kill the Boers."  She has ordered the killing of Blacks and sung for the killing of whites.  But to the Left-wing media in the US, she is still a heroine!  Winnie Mandela is a serial killer.  She also advocated genocide against the descendents of the Dutch.  What a heroine!

"Proud", you're a typical example of hiding your face behind a white man.  You're no more white or republican than your hero, Odubie.  South Africa did just fine with apartheid.  There was order and sanity there.

She should be tried, then executed, her body burned at the stake and her ashes sealed in lead and shot out into space because this woman is the true meaning of the wicked witch.  She and her commie "ex" husband Nelson Mandela are responsible for the murder of thousands.  Everyone in the left media sees Mandela as a quiet leader of freedom for blacks when in truth he is as evil as Winnie.  South Africa used to be a great place to visit and now it is a thug country.

"I'm shocked!-shocked, I tell you!-to find gambline going on in this establishment".

She &amp; her husband were guilty of crimes against humanity,now they are replaced by a government who encourages the killing of whites &amp; so far they have killed almost 100,000 whites &amp; countless raping of women &amp; children.Where are you at UN &amp; the US government why dont you send troops to stop this genocide or is the President reluctant to    send troops to his homeland.

once a thug always a thug.......pay your dues winnie.

About the Zanj (blacks): "Their nature is that of wild animals. They are extremely black." About the Sudan: "Among themselves there are people who steal each other's children and sell them to the merchants when the latter arrive."Hudud al-`Alam, 982 AD

You'd drank a Super Big Coca Cola...yeah...That's the Ticket!Winnie...Have your Commie Buddy Obama order a Drone Strike.........Your fellow War Criminal can MURDER anyone without Due Process..................Or even Judicial review! (Tougher to get a wiretap actually.)

Whats with South Africa and late persecutions? First it was the detective who led the case against Oscar the blade runner being charged for something that  took place eight years ago, then it was Oscar's brother being charged for something that took place years ago, now this. Wonder whats the point they are trying to make to the world.

Sounds like she is guilty as hell as she goes way to far to explain herself.

the liberal hypocrisy strikes again.  Anything a liberal does, is above the law, including the very mention of them and the incident - according to them.  For documentation, take a look at obama.

these 'chain' letters, kids stuff left from my young teens; it's been so long i didn't remember what those were for, likely interfamily welfare collections is supposed to be mass funded or a neighborhood search for medicines.

the 'rights of ownership include yourself'; rural areas 40 acre family lead to what, another 40 acre family.  these row housing to contain 200 -500 people is a different story.  if they're all in the same area is ok if they're all rational.

Oh, have the tables have turned. She was glorified years ago for standing by her jailed saint of a husband.....now she is a murderess and nobody knew that then? I'm shocked!!! LOL

Winnie need to come clean.  Law of the jungle won't convict her.  Too bad.

The far-left to dictatorial socialist/communists have taken control of large international press/newsmedia outlets &amp; appear to have banking/money &amp; political connections in excess of the less 'lock-step' conservative groups they strongly criticize in that newsmedia bloc.

Her day has comeAs long as this is Africa, she will get out of this free, even if she is found guilty, she will be freed as usual. After-all Mandela was her husband, so that too will help.

Heads in the sand... heads in the sand... The Mandela's are murderers.. whether you feel it was for a just cause or not... murder is murder.... and weve made heroes out of them..... for shame.

just hurry up and kill that keffa

"Galen says that merriment dominates the black man because of his defective brain, whence also the weakness of his intelligence."Al-Masudi (d. 956 AD), Muruj al-dhahab

theyare BOTH murderers and they got a country handed to them and it is now the murder rape capital of the southern half of africa.

They can either make you better or far worst than you were!

Thanks for sullying a great man's name.

It seems apartheid bred evil on both sides.

she always had this evil smirk on her face too.

I don't care which one of them chucked which spear, we got enough trouble with our own #$%$Sounds like a guilty ni99er to me.

It was referred to as "necklacing".. She had her men put a car tire over and around the neck of the victim. Then it was filled like a trough with gasoline and set on fire. What a horrible death. Winnie Mandela is a rabid dog. She should die in prison and go to hell for the things she did to many people.

So does this mean Mrs. Winnie is in "poo-poo?"

Wow, what a defense she has already provided to the public and the prosecutors to ATTEMPT to discredit the prosecutors case before it has even been fully presented. She has a guilty conscience if I've ever seen one.

Nelson Mandela is a hero.  His former wife is not.  He is not responsible for what she did while he was in prison.

I like and respect Nelson, but Winnie needs to rot in a steaming hot prison cell.

reminds me of white men in the south being tried and retried for years over what happened in the 60's. people are the same everywhere it would seem.

But wait, you can't do that to me!  I'm of the ruling class like Billary, Hillary, Eric, and Bammer.  Wuts wrong wichu mane?

So what, let her be, a typical African should be allowed to act like a typical African.

This whole movement really worked out well for South Africa, took the most prosporous country in Africa and turned it into Detroit.I've always known she was trash.

Don't worry winnie, al sharpton and jesse jackson are coming to rescue you. Nothing is hidden from the eyes of God. Mandela is just as guilty as she is.

If it was'nt for the poularity of Nelson, this fraudulant #$%$ would have been tarched long ago, and it would have been [justified].

gee first you promote killing of your countryfolk via necklacing and do away with apartheid under which africans lived better, id say of course you should face prosecution for inciting these things winnie!

All this bad news, and begorra, on kind St.Patrics Day! Could we be so callus to our fellowman, now I asks you?  Ah, to be back at the old sod, smoking me pipe, and watching my many children play, while the IRA marches proudly by. How pitifully sad that darling girl Winnie has caused so much pain and suffering, especially among her dear black brothers and sisters! The effort should not be to prove whether she's gulity,rather, me thinks, the proper punishment should be chosen carefully and quickly meted out. I can see her now, proud, strong, marching to the gallows while a lone bagpiper in the meadows plays sofly in the background. Ah Winnie, my dera girl, be not of weak heart, because soon you will be in the cold, loving arms of your dearly departed. Honk if ye love Jesus!

if she did it, jail her

"We know that the Zanj (blacks) are the least intelligent and the least discerning of mankind, and the least capable of understanding the consequences of actions."Jahiz (d. 868 AD), Kitab al-Bukhala (The Book of Misers)

They act that way in the US too.  "What, how dare you accuse me and hold me accountable for something I'm actually responsible for!"  Yep...we see it on TV over here all the time.  She and Michelle would get along well.

Does she still sing "Kill the Boer" ? #$%$ Rapist trash !

Try to separate the jungle from the monkey... impossible."The Zanj (blacks) are slight-witted, and God, most high, has created them stupid, ignorant, and foul."anonymous, Iskandarnamah, 1343 AD

like me, i got stuck on the street with the idea that my $10 for bus was for food.  these people climbing all over everyone on the street by threatening their families &amp; misappropriating their jobs.  the rights of ownership of self, others can go on what it looks like; such as providing demising products, the least of which is smoking.

knowledgeable persons make plans at least by the year for everyones existence; the county together may make at least 60 year active plans with the people, a great idea if you can maintain any semblance of friends,neighbors,asset holdings or retrieval without demising anyone because of these people all stalking everyone on the street for trespassing to hold them in town for money collection or else.  this goes on the premise that there is nothing more anywhere else so may snag housing,money from a whole family(s) 200-500 people.

one area here, 100 years ago apparently thought it would save money to buy a major transportation system.  right$$$; that is why everyone charges fees to cover the expenses of running the system.

Execute her and her racist, communist ex-husband. In retrospect and by comparison, apartheid wasn't so bad afterall. It's always good to see libtards proven wrong (as usual).

But, but, but... I thought the Mandela's were heroes.  That's what the media always says anyway.  And we know they never lie.  This must be a vast right-wing conspiracy.

"As regards southern Afican countries, all their inhabitants are black on account of the heat of their climate... Most of them go naked... In all their lands and provinces, gold is found.... They are people distant from the standards of humanity."Hudud al-`Alam, Persian geography, 982 AD

she loooks likeshe could be osama oblamas granma

Both she and the old man should be brought up on charges, never to see the light again.  The deaths of these 2 guys being only the least of their offenses.

The wheels of justice ...Some guys have no luck when it comes to choosing women.

I'm surprised they didn't give her a Nobel Peace Prize along with her husband ( who was also arrested and convicted of terrorism)...hmmm

Another connected criminal will get away with murder!

so making you done hit the bottom huh Winnie? you should have stayed with nelson. And tell your granddaughters that this is not a joke. life sucks and you all know it. a reality show? about what?

She is Axed.

I thank God that I have nor will ever have to live a life like she has had to, and the people around too. I cannot imagine a life filled with that much hate, murder, hate and hate. No wonder she ordered the murders of hundreds if not thousands of children to protect her interests.

About to get knocked off her "elite" status. Hello jail cell!

Both Mandelas were nothing but thug racist murderers.

Ever wonder about the mental stability of dudes like D? scary,real scary

Send the darkie to jailya know what!!!  just a little affection in giving explanation or demands would give persons the will to carry through on lifetime plans.oh no, not this area; $100 a year could be snagged for mail delivery, child support, etc.  mortgages may be the result of complaints of refusal or lack of knowledge to be a go between from child to provider (parents).

Typical black. It's always "the other " who is the liar and the viscous one. Same as in the USA. This is why there's never been an African nation that hasn't desended into savagery.

Should have hung her the first time they went after her.

Apartheid is better than what is going on there now.

These people are communists,the only thing they know how to do is kill. Since they took over South Africa it has become the the murder/ rape, AIDS capitol of the world.These savages believe that if you have sex with a virgin,it will cure AIDS. Isn't it wonderful to live in a country run by these monsters. Ask the white farmers who are being murdered in their homes.

Mandella was prolly happier in prison away from this witch ,he seems so meek,she is the crazy boss woman ..a man of peace and a woman of evil

More jig-on-jig crime. Keep up the good work!

the mandelas turned out to be just as bad as the people who put nelson in jail

"she became a hero in her own right of the struggle for black rule." - anything goes, as long as you win you can commit murder and get away with it.

this is called 'copping an attitude'.  Im sure Oprah will avoid this subject at all costs.Justice for these two men~Those fathers of these boys died hoping one day, justice would be served.....A tire over the head, gasoline and ignited - know as ringing - her favorite method of disposal is how she needs to go ~

The Defence attorney has got a slam shut case, ptsd+pms and my actions are blanks in my head---------I am a victimized "X" wifey and have stuffered much abuses due to a mad marriage tear tear sob sob call eric holder for defence counsel

This is some story when the whites killed and terrorized Black people for many decades during their racist apartheid rule in South Africa and most of them got off by just saying the were sorry for the crimes. Victor's justice means those who won the battle can pick and choose who gets prosecuted for war crimes and it appears the whites deceptively won and used Mandela as a cheap figuehead and symbol the same as was done in America with M.L.K. and now Obama.

her and her husband nelson mandela are both animals. you just have to kill a lot of people that you dont want in the country you live in and call it a movement and you get the noble peace prize.

Winnie is only "shocked" that she isn't going to get away with it after all. She is as bad as the Apartheid regime she fought.

guility

wonder how this will play out in the mainstream here in the usa?  Nelson probably is not clean on this deal either....shocking!!

Black people have done appaling things in life since Europe fell on Africa half a millenia back. And yet it is not one percent of what the white people have done to Africans and other aboriginal people of the world in the same period. It is a pity that she did what she did to her own kind, the Africans. It is to be recognised that she was limited to doing this things to the white guards since access to the perpetrators of crime was limited. (The spring -legged sportsman who shot a beauty recently in that country (S. Africa) had access to an armoury of some 50 guns- defending the white family against the black poor of that country! what was it back 100 yeares ago?).This happened the same way all over the world and especially where the Germanic races had done the conquest of native peoples. South Africa has not changed since 1992. The fate of the blacks is still the same as before. So many black people have been hanged since the conquests by the Dutch and later the English that hanging an old woman will not make a difference to the massive crimes to the Africans there. AP should take note of this will it continues with its despicable sensational reporting.

War is HELL. That doesn't make it right if she had anything to do with the disappearance of those kids.The ANC was at war at the time with the racist regime at the time.

If anyone should be prosecuted it should be the Dutch Boers who went to the peoples' country took it away and treated them like less than second class citizens. Under the evils of a system which demeaned human beings who can judge Winnie Mandela, I am not implying she is guilty of anything and for that matter I do not even care, given similar circumstances anybody would do anything to free their people. Leave Winnie Mandela alone, were it not for her, there would be no Nelson Mandela and Apartheid may still be a scourge.She and her husband came to power over the bodies of their people. Our media aided and abetted this farce by portraying them as heroes and martyrs for Democracy.

Mandela and Winnie stayed married for 27yrs,when he was in jail,but could only stayed together,for just 3yrs,when he was released.Something is wrong somewhere.A good political sopa opera!/

She should be tried for these murders if there is probable cause. But this does not justify all the racist comments from the Boers. You came from Europe to oppress the black tribes in Southern Africa. How dare you adopt this self-righteos attitude. If you are still in South Africa and dissatisfied with the state of affairs, then leave!

South Africa was the most vibrant and modern nation in Africa. Mandela and the rest of his corrupt /\/iggers have turned it into a violent, crime ridden, AIDS infested, s***hole.

She should have been thrown in a cell with Nelson...

Take your share of punishment Winnie, what goes around comes around.

It was a #$%$ hole  before.aparthied wasn't a good thing either. Nelson divorced her after a lot of allegations I thought she was dead

winnie mandela has been recognize as atypical gang murder -acting agains  Nelson Mandela being #1 participand in his jail time! A typical #$%$ having affair with Nelson Mandela s best friends ! Than betraying him strait to the White Trash Apartheid !

Michelle Obama is the new Winnie

When Blacks are left in charge, crime , and squalor will follow.Put her on a death raw.

her husband is on tape singing kill the boer, can't imagine this ape being any different.

"At the truth commission, Nicodemus Sono described how Madikizela-Mandela had come to his home in November 1988 with his son in a car, held at gunpoint and his face bruised from beatings. Sono said she had demanded photographs and documents, telling the father that his son was a spy for the apartheid police.Sono said he had begged her to give him back his son. But he said she had driven away saying "the movement" would decide what to do with him."I was about to speculate on what a juror might make of this evidence, but South African courts don't rely on juries.  A judge hears the trial.  In any case, common sense dictates this evidence, if accurate, be given credence.  It is circumstantial, but significant.

Excuse me americans but you have "NOTHING" to brag about?

She reminds me of the wicked dumb prime minister of jamaica portia simpson miller

There IS/WAS/STILL /gonna'be SOOOooooo freaking much CO-RUUUUUPTION in that/those &amp; THIS COUNTRYEEEE, &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; that'chu are NAUGHT but a TOTAL IDDDDIOT when and IF, ... you believe ONE IOTAAAAA of what MEDIA presses print about ANY LYING Government's accounting of ANYTHING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(the under thaa table money still flowssss FREELY tho)

Are white people the devil? Please answer!

Don't be shcked! In the Law of God the creator of Heaven &amp; Earth.however, the ‘wicked’ will Never go  unpunished.."face the music ! ! !  =(wrath)

Few people realize what it's like to live under 24/7 surveillance and to experience psychological harassment, torture and imprisonment for your beliefs.  The adversary will lie to other people about you, placing informants and agents in your life to destroy your character in the eyes of the community.  Some people give in to fear and use the same methods against their opponents or let their egos take control.  A cautionary tale here that we should pay attention to but not let us forget that her efforts led to freedom for black Africans.

Most of you who are talking probably never had to fight for anything ore than to the candy that was taken from you.  War is ugly and Winnie Mandela was fighting for the liberation of her people and husband agaisnt an aparthied system that slaughter her people on a daily basis and used many of her people to give or help the lackey police (black) to spy on the movement.  There were no courts or juries to decide what to do to those traitor or spies except for the people who were fighting the war. If the USA fought war the way you are talking we probably wouldn't have won any.  What happens to traitor in America during the colonial war? They were hug or shot by a firing squad!!! WAR IS IUGLY AND MANY THINGS OCCUR THAT IS NEVER REPORTED.  THOSE PEOPLE WERE AT WAR AND USED MEANS WITHIN THEIR HANDS TO DEAL WITH THOSE WHO BETRAYED THE MOVEMENT.  TREASON IS ANOTHER TERM.Until human beat their guns into plowshears we will have war and rumors of war.those people in south africa who are messing with winnie mandela ought to be ashamed of themselves.this good angel of death is a national hero in south africa and should be elevated to the throne of queen of south africa.the people have exchanged one set of thorns for another set of thorns.

wow ! it looks like you guys have more facts that I do about her ... can you share?

What is it with S Africa? You got white trash without legs killing their girlfriends in cold blood. And now they wanna go after the ex wife of the most famous freedom fighter to ever combat white racism!!!!

South Africa was at war. Those atrocities she committed while detestable is what people become in war. If apartheid gov't was extremely violent towards its African population and terrorized them. Hard to behave peacefully and mercifully when your gov't is terrorizing you, your family, your friends, etc and a large population of people. She will continue to have to make amends which is another consequence when the war is over.

Dumb whites making comments about something they know nothing about. How do you know she is guilty? Different versions from too many people. Stick with things you know. Most of you know nothing about Africa. Just the things you see reported by the racist white media.

hang the fat sheboon .

the comments white people make are so funny...the killers of hundreds of millions of humans are playing the innocent victims on yahoo...LOL

This thiefing skink needs to go to jail along with her thiefing sking husband.....

UNBELIEVABLE; after all those yrs they would have to put that on her. Since she is not causing any problems why not make problems for her.

UNBELIEVABLE ; after all those yrs they will try n put that on her. here in these United States they cant put anyone in jail for murders that happen last night.