Rosh Hashanah.????  What .. Ok this is a Joke Right ?  The whole world has tosacrifice so 1% or less, most who don't even watch football .. can do what ???We are living in an alternate world ... a very bad place to be.

Only because there is a precedent but move the game to Wed.  The O's aren't in town, the NFL played a Weds. game last year, and the NFL played on Rosh Hashanah last year/ Sun and Mon. They also played on Christmas and Christmas Eve in the past.

Either have the O's game earlier that day, or move the Ravens game to Wednesday or Friday night. Moving it to a road game is just stupid.

I think the issue is that because both the Orioles stadium and the Ravens stadium are so close to each other, they share many of the same parking lots.  The Orioles had a good season last year and if they do the same this year, there will be a lot of people at that game.  The Orioles season schedule was set before the Ravens even won the super bowl so the NFL is the one who need to change the date.  There is no reason why the NFL can’t move the game to Wednesday.  They opened the season last year on a Wednesday and they play on Thanksgiving, Christmas and Christmas Eve.  There is no reason why they can’t play on a Holliday in which most Americans haven’t heard of or even know it took place on that day.

since when does goodell care about the fans ?

now lets get this right,  people would rather watch a loser in baseball over a winner in football?

Move the game to Friday night. Who cares if high school football is being played that night

O's play on the road wed night in Cleveland so you cant have a day game. Stadiums are on the same parking lot so you can play at the same time. Its smack in the middle of a 20 game Stretch. I say 2 ticket double header on Sat. Gives O's a rest day keeps schedule integrity and Lets Ravens play Thursday Night.  Sat day night double header will draw more than a Thursday game anyway

GO ORIOLES!!!!

Have the Ravens play the Thursday night game as scheduled.  Everyone will show up to the football game, but not the baseball game - this would officially put MLB in its rightful place - behind the NFL (parking would be a problem, but hey - I am sure they can figure it out).I don't see what Rosh Hashanah has to do with this. The NFL never hesitated to play games on Christmas and Christmas eve. Weddnesday is good for both teams. I think this is another way to screw the Ravens. The last time we won the Super Bowl e did not get to play the first game either. WEDNESDAY!!!!!!!!!!

THAT'S TOO BAD

Great Excuse for a Friday night game

Who cares. Joe #$%$go sucks.

Did we trade away the right to play at home?

The metro area has over 2.6 million people.  Are they afraid they can't fill both stadiums?  Granted, many people probably will stay away from the Orioles game, but is it that big of a deal when you have 81 home games?  This happens all the time in other cities with multiple teams.  For instance, NBA Finals or Stanley Cup clinching games always take place on the same night those cities often have baseball games.  What's the big deal here?

who cares week one games are a joke anyway and if they don't celebrate at home big deal they are champs why do they need a game on a team who half the members who won won't even be there.... some traditions are stupid move on change accept it.

Like there's gonna be a crowd at the Orioles game lol...

Who cares…they cheated in the super bowl any way…dumb anyway...