Citigroup--a criminal cabal that occasionally makes an honest loan.

Here's an idea...as part of any fine there should be a salary reduction for a period of say three years, with no stock options, etc. for all those involved.

How many billions did they get in the bailout?

CITIBANK = White collar mafia

They should have let wall street collapse when they had the chance. But then where would their campaign contributions have come from?

Now the SEC needs to put the top execs in prison where they belong ......

Citi is as crooked as they come.

Once again, Citi never admits to wrongdoing! Now there is a shocker. While the move at the top of this organization seems to be a good move, the culture of this organization has hardly changed. Far too many self serving,power driven, greedy members in the Managing Director class still exists.

730 million is peanuts to the money that they made from skrewing people over.US Government... the best government corporations can buy!

Jail time needs to doled out, not just a slap on the wrist fine.Glad to see Citi is still open.  Helps us keep track of some top flight criminals.

Citigroup took huge amounts of investors' and taxpayer's money, bought every non National bank they could in Latin America with Americans' money, and then laid off more than 20,000 US employees.

Those of you proposing punishments and consequences should know that in most cases too big to fail means too big for jail

They should be forced to pay off all investors and then have any remaining assets confiscated to pay down the national debt...

and their new CEO made $12 million last year...Hah!

News Flash! Bank easily pays fine with stolen money!!

citigroup molested me when i was a young boy.  so gimme some of that money !

Nice. A slap on the wrist. Nobody goes to jail.

They ought to pay more than that the way they are so bad...........

Shareholders get about $500 million and the lawyers the rest. Nice legal system we have.Wow, they had $700 million in already set aside in an account. Makes one wonder what else they have squirreled away....

They will probably just use some of Obama's Bailout Money to pay us back....

next up for Citigroup in a class action is its debits hi to low...get your class action check book out you banksters!