Not all priests are bad, but i agree, if they are convicted of sex crimes against children they have no where in the catholic church .They should be in prison.

DM was correct in his statement but didn't go far enough.  The percentage of priests that molested is still FAR less than the percentage of people who are molesters in the general population.  The difference is, each of the cases involving a priest was plastered all over the front page of the newspaper when it happened.  (Incidentally, a story about a Baptist minister who abused children around that same time was buried on page 8 of my paper.  And there's no bias against the Church?)Also, CosmicJoke is wrong about 99% being hidden.  The floodgates were open after the first few priests were implicated and probably 99% were flushed out.  With so much support, no one that had been abused was afraid to come out and say it.  You notice that there are very few stories about abusive priests now?  I'm not saying there aren't any, but I guarantee you there are very few now.  There's just too much publicity now for any remaining offenders to hide.Finally, El Explodo talks about the costs of the pope's vestments and it coming from donations to the church.  How do you know that the vestments themselves aren't donated?  Second, how do you know how much they cost?  Third, it's not like the pope is selling this stuff on eBay to buy large screen TVs; there's no value in something that isn't actually his.  He wears it, it goes back in the closet to be worn the next time, and the next time could be another person - the next pope.

The new Pope should respect human rights and excommunicate priests who were accused of sexually abusing children.

I'll be glad when this thing is over. As usual, the press has to run it into the ground.

"troubled Church"?  Take a look at the world outside of the Church. Is it in any less trouble?

I'm not Catholic, but I would love to apply this process to Congress and the President.  Lock them in the Capitol until they agree to a plan to balance the budget.  At the end of each day, they can send black smoke out the top of the Rotunda if there is no agreement.White smoke means they reached agreement, and we'll let them out....

The new pope can get the church off to a flying start by coming in and putting the house in order, right from the start. A  clear zero tolerance policy is in order.

its a troubled world not just a troubled church

If the new Pope wants to make an impact as soon as he is elected, he should insist that anyone associated with the church who is accused of hurting children is prosecuted by his local authorities. This would include anyone who is accused of moving personnel around to escape prosecution as well. The new Pope should clean house first. If he doesn't address this terrible issue up front, how can he have any credibility in the world community?

I can guarantee you the next Pope will be....a man!

say what you will about religion in general(i'm not religious), the Vatican is one of the most beautiful places i've ever been in my lifeOk so tell me, The pope is the Leader of the Catholic church. Everyone on earth is holding thier breath while the conclave and other goings on take place. What about ht eleader of the Baptist, the Luthren, the Methodist, Episcopalian, etc., or the leader of the Jewish, Buddhist, and son, there is no such hoopla surrounding them, or even mention of who they are??? Am I missing something? Probably, but oh well, just sayin.

First day with the Conclave:"All right now gentlemen please be seated.  We've taken the vote, we have a winner, but in true fashion we aren't going to reveal that to the public for a few days yet.  We've already sent the first volley of black smoke up, and now let's all give a big round of applause to our new pope"Applause and whoops abound."Now then, we have a great night of entertainment lined up..."

The first order of business for the new pope, should be ex-communicating pedophile protector Cardinal Roger Mahony.

My vote's on the actual Christian that was removing gang tattoos for free to give people a better life.

The new Pope could restore respect by excommunicating pedophile priests immediately. The Catholic Church would suffer losses at first then rebuild based on solid principals. It would take a very strong Pope indeed.

The troubled church needs learn you can never compromise. Sin under any circumstance is always wrong.

Give me a break.  The "reporters" (if you are willing to believe that this is what they are) haven't a clue about the history and mechanisms of electing a Pope.  They are not "reporting" on the events of the south side they are providing current transactional data, however limited it might be, about an institutions actions and programs.  Too little knowledge, too much opinion but not too unusual given the status of the "media."

infallible  -  ADJECTIVE:1. Incapable of erring: an infallible guide; an infallible source of information.2. Incapable of failing; certain: an infallible antidote; an infallible rule.3. Roman Catholic Church Incapable of error in expounding doctrine on faith or morals.No man is infallible in any way except one and they placed him on a Cross!

That copper stove pipe wouldn't last a week in my neighborhood.

Now we know where the phrase "Holy Smoke!" came from.I heard the red shoes attract the little boys

Cardinals send up smoke signal, say "Don't rush us. We are working on it!"

Yikes!*I haven’t seen that much smoke coming out a chimney since we were down at the all-inclusive resort in Jamaica.*Mick has a home just down the beach,

HOLY SMOKES!

new years eve hats

First black smoke was a test run.  They decided to burn all documents they had related to any child molestation cases pending.

some new guy moved in next door said he is the next pope.  crazy world

Ghana's Cardinal Peter Turkson. Pope and Change!

Black smoke = No pope yetFunny smoke = Need more time to mellow out over thisWhite smoke = Gotta pope!

Yyyaaaaawwwwwwnnnnnnnnnn--------zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz---------I've been to the Vatican and frankly I do not think surrounding yourself in with majestic treasures, world domination and the corruption within the church is what our creator had in mind if you believe in all the bibical rhetoric...

I think this "black smoke" nonsense is a perfect example of what the church needs to rectify. This may be tradition; but it serves no real religious purpose. You can now use a phone or a Tweet or a half-dozen other methods to let us know when a decision is made. This is just going old school for the sake of going old school. The church needs to get with it. Modernize. Help people above else--not hang on to out-dated traditions for their own sake but do nothing to help the poor; strengthen community; or lead to spiritual enlightenment. Black smoke/white smoke. How stupid in 2013!!

Mrs Pitts 3rd grade class better upgrade the news at yahoo before people start reading we don't have a pope yet

Everything would be good if we didn't know evil.

We should have had black smoke in November. Too bad America repeated a terrible mistake. The fools will pay, but probably never wake up.

Is Vegas making odds on this? I see some real action here.

Every SINGLE time the Catholic church is mentioned, the media MUST bring up "a time of strife and scandal" as a reminder about the troubles.  It is impossible for the media to NOT mention that whenever they mention the church.But the media are cowards.  The "scandals" are a scandal alright, but not the kind the media presents.  More than 81% of the victims of the scandals were male, and all of the perpetrators were male.  But note how the media, so pro-gay, never mentions that?  The John Jay studies demonstrated this fact, and yet somehow that gets "lost" and the "scandals" are discussed as if the molestations were all about children.  They were NOT.  Most of the victims were male, of POST-adolescent age.  These were adolescent MALES and as we know, priests are always MALES.  81%.  An inconvenient truth for the media, and many, many people.

Catholics look more and more like a dark secretive cult full of weird rituals.

Up in smoke...

This is the same system we use in the ice shanty..lets other fisherman know if we caught a walleye, or a perch.They were smoking Matanuska Thunderfuck.

To be a pope, one needs to be a real man.  Therefore, a "real" man is required for this job; one who will not crumble under pressure.  May we get one...Peace!

Just cleanin out the bong.

Did anybody think it was going to be any different?

Where is Cheech &amp; Chong during all this?

the Black Smoke, is from all the condoms that were under the popes bed...

"Cardinals head to conclave to elect head of a church beset by woes" ... STOP WITH THE DANGLING MODIFIERS !

Like the smoke from a brewery deciding another Pope. And they did not know him when he returned. Old Brown Shoe

They really should have a sudden death shootout in the case of a tie, it made hockey more exciting.

Al Sharpton claims the black smoke is racist.Catholic rituals makes a weekend LARP event look credible by comparison.

What's the difference between the "pope," and Bozo the Clown?Your children are safe with Bozo.

This is still better than yard signs.

Libs are angry now.

Once it is gone you are done.

Let the world shake a little, will the real Pope please stand up!

MaSSinSSeSSion!

Hopefully they will elect someone who is innocent in all this phedaphile activity.

Wonder if this would work for the White House....Just think, no Media bias.  Just smoke signals.

Black smoke?Don't they have an EPA over there?:^)(sorry)Black smoke ? that would be Panama Red ? Aulcapulco Gold is more of A white smoke !

The pope position goes to the highest bidder.  That is what all the secrecy is about.  It's like a mafia really.

Of course there is no front runner in sight-secret means what?

When you see the smoke with a purplish haze and hear the muffled echoes of Bob Marley and the Wailers you will know the party started...

Were there bad Popes? Absolutely! The first Pope denied Christ 3 times....why should the rest of them be perfect?

What a ridiculous religion/cult.  You just have to wonder about people who actually buy into that nonsense...

How many mafiosos have bets on who the next pope's going to be? They'll be a lot of bookies sending out their goons to break legs if the next one's a muli.

For God's sake Yahoo, UPDATE YOUR CONTENT!!

Cardinal calls the 3 nuns into his office. He says someone broken into my desk. 1st nun says not I. He then says someone removed my box of  condoms. 2nd nun said not I. He then says well, someone punched holes in all of them. The 3rd nun fainted.

I vote for Father Guido SarducciWow ! Some really intelligent comments here.For those of you who don't believe in God, why are you reading the article?Those of you who can't get over the sex scandal. Why do you condemn the Church for the sins of the few (2%), the offenders will have to face God alongside you and I. One day we all will.No institution in history has fed more poor, taken care of more sick and needy, educated more people or lasted 2000 yrs than the Catholic Church. They built western civilization.It's shallow minds such as yours that are destroying civilization.Jesus said...Matthew 7:21Not every one that saith to me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven: but he that doth the will of my Father who is in heaven, he shall enter into the kingdom of heaven.

Where is Father Guido Sarducci when you need him?

Latin Chants ? Are you not intelligent enough to use the correct terminology ? Those were Gregorian chants (in Latin) and the Litany of the Saints.  Litany means a recitation of the names

A corrupt political organization. The Catholic church has done so much harm to faith in God. You can't keep covering up for child molesters. Why would anyone follow this religion?

What happens if they cannot reach a decision?  Do we get the equivalent of a hung jury?120 angry men?  Do they spare the world, and allow us to go pope-free?

As long as it's NOT an American Pope.  Please, it's a misery we don't need. The world hates us as it is. It would be seen as a power grab and an excuse by Islamics to make it a religious thing between us and them.Go Central American, South American or Asia if you must. I'ld love to see a Chinese Pope personally, although I have no stake in it. Anything but an American.

Oh no, this is terrible news!

When Sister Simone Campbell is elected Pope and straightens the Church out, I'll return to the flock. Until then, I'm gone for good.

Thousands of years ago a guy named Jonah got swallowed by a giant fish / whale  and spent days inside this creatures belly , only to be barfed up on dry land days later .Today we have educated people waiting for the smoke to change color outside the realm of the perpetrators  of myth and fantasy . So much for intellectual evolution .

Looks like they are burning old car tires!!so black means no? That's racist

Either that or they have some bad injectors.

I guess only white smoke qualifies as holy smoke.

Black smoke means Grandma's cooking the bird and the grease spilled-over onto the heating element... same as every year.

Wow! A Catholic Bashers circle jerk.. be sue and clean off your keyboards..

if only congress could vote faster

I'm a bit concerned about the affects of the smoke on the environment

In America....  We just have weed smoke rising from our White House.

I don't care who they pick. Just pick one who will stop the molestation of children, yo. Enough is enough. What would Jesus think?

Guess the election of a new Pope is more important than the troops that lost their lives in Afghanistan today huh Yahoo?  Priorites!WOW..all these posts are either from hobama or muslims...same thing

They're smoking green weed.

I hope the Cardinals do better at picking a new Pope than they have in finding a winning quarterback.

People need to quit treating this organization as part of an honest God.  The catholic church has become a business and acting as such to make sure it remains profitable.  That is why there has been so many scandals, pedofiles protected, and criminal governments ignored and co-operated with over time.  Don't count on this illusion show to always do the right thing,  it will more likely do what preserves its profits.

I'm sure I'm hemmed with anticipation and in accordance with the rest of the world when I say - Meh ...

They had one picked but he would not show his birth cert, college grades, passport, and had a strange social security number!!

The target of our criticism should not be the entire priesthood the Catholic church, because believe it or not, not all priests say "Hey altar boy, come get some of this".

So much hate in these posts.  No wonder the world is in such bad shape.

The Church is one of many human institutions with its share of failures but its also a source of some of the best intentions people have in them to find purpose and meaning in their lives. It's inspired many writers, poets, philosophers, artists and musicians to express and share their highest visions and hopes. It's moved people to offer their wealth or lives in service to others. Maybe that's why when it falls short of higher ideals there is so much criticism and disappointment. So many people have invested their hopes and dreams and convictions into it.  Were all these people wrong for trying anyway? Should all work stop in efforts to care for others or search for meaning even if these efforts are not always collectively represented as was intended?  No culture or religion has a monopoly on virtue.People can argue about whether God exists or not, or if one believes in a God what is the correct path to take. I am getting to a point in my own life of simply accepting that it is enough for me or anyone else to admit to any errors or mistakes and do our best to learn from them, correct then if possible and try to be a wiser and more loving person than before.If there is a God then right now, I choose to be optimistic and believe that upon our passing from here maybe He/She would greet us something like this:  (((hugs)))  Hello, do you remember now?  That's right! Welcome Home!"

yellow smoke will mean they are smoking cannibis and chasin the young boyzz around the roomDon't you just love those hats? But - that's just for dress up days. Casual wear is a beanie and Donald Duck jammies.

Is Roger Mahoney, the former and disgraced Los Angeles Cardinal there? He hid his sexual abusers and allowed them to continue to defile children. He should be in jail. How can he even pretend to think he is a holy man?

maybe they need to clean the chimney flue...

Why is the color black always has negative connotations? Black smoke is used for "NO selection". Why don't they use White smoke for "No selection" and Black smoke for "YESSSSSSSSS!"?

Either that or they're doing some industrial-strength bong hits...

The first thing the new Pope should say is "Anyone in the church who is accused of harming a child will be suspended immediately and not reinstated until cleared of all charges. The church will cooperate fully with any and all law enforcement who are conducting the investigation." Anything other than that will be hot air.

finding one not depraved is difficult

What does "black smoke" mean?  All clear for boys?

Spring break at the vatican. Yeeeehaaaaw!!

Al Gore says they are using up their carbon points with the black smoke and pollution!!I can feel the ice caps melting as we speak.

Come and join the party dressed to kill.

Yes people lets do the right thing and grab the pitch forks and torches and prejudge the next Pope even before he is chosen.

No that was White Smoke --- the existing Pope has been re-elected ---

Are we going to get this report every day, until they're done (sigh!).

The Authors are idiots!!  They are not going to elect a Pope for a "troubled Church" they are going to elect a Pope for the Catholic Church.  I am a Baptist, but I resent the hyped up adjectives that the authors are using for sensationalism.  Cut it out.  If the existing news is not worth reporting, don't report it.  No one cares about your ego being ingested.

in high school there was alot of smoke when i rolled down the windows in my car

I visited the Vatican in 2006. The one day in my whole life I visited, the Sistine Chapel was closed that day due to a religious holiday. What's up with that? I thought religion was their business.

Yahoo! You can take this one down now! People will think the Vatican is on fire!

Evil waits in the dark for the light to show up.I think black smoke for a negative result and white smoke for a positive result is racist. In fact, I think night and day ought to be cancelled and we just call it 'time'. Where's Al? Where's Jesse? Where's Jesse, Jr? Hey! Where's my wallet?!

What have those cardinals been smoking, burnt tires?

If a Pope is elected does that mean altar boys for all...............

The new Pope should be no longer communicating with those priests who have been abusing chldren.  I think they call it ex-communication.

Its time the Catholics get in the 21st century and stop drinking each others floaters from the same wine glass.  Thats just nasty.

You don't suppose they are trying to blow smoke up our ars*es?

Sheep will believe anything, better to be a conservative.

There were a few #$%$ priests and pedophile priests, but they've been removed.  That's what you get when you let liberals become priests, folks.

Hey man, pass the pipe.

The white/black smoke game probably really fooled people hundreds of years ago...They probably haven't been able to decide which cardinal has raped enough children to be the head child raper.

No Pope yet is NOT news so do not borther us again untill a new Pope is elected.

I understand that selecting a new Pope is a huge event and has worldwide impact.  But is it necessary for it to be front page, headline news, 24/7?  Do we need to hear/see every little detail and hear everyone's opinion and speculation?

It's good to see so many enlightening comments on this subject....

Black smoke means the Pope-mobile is running on diesel.

March Madness has begun hah?......lol...

Well if our congress was voting there would be a long  wait and lots of black smoke.

A strong smoke smell of burning Pot.    Hey what going on behind those doors??

Most of the comments here are either nonsense, people who know nothing about the subject or prejudiced.

Why should they be in a hurry....Would you be in a hurry to end a vacation....that is entirely paid for???...You have round trip tickets...A nice place to stay...free meals....and all the perks....They're just burning tires to fool the media.

2000 years 266 popes? that's less than 7 yrs each average

Da Pope-ah notta bin choozda yet.  Budd-ah anee momen now, we gonna see da smoge.  Waid, waid, d'ere id iz, oh, non, das nodda da smoge. Ahm nodda shure, budda I thing dat's a da kishen oven cookin da cheekin. Be ride bag.

First, anyone can accuse anyone of anything. Does not make them guilty and all of them have been shunned by the church and awaiting an actual trial. Not a witch hunt. Secondly, that black smoke, the Vatican did not sign the Kyoto treaty so all you whale, tree, lion, chimp and environmental fanatic's can smoke it. Third, if you want the church to elect a woman, go to a church that will elect a woman. Nobody is forcing you to be a catholic. I am not one either. You dont have to be a sheep to this group or that, you are in charge of yourself, try thinking on your own for once.

Its disgusting the huge amounts of money these robes and head dresses cost while the poorand homeless go hungry. Jesus never pranced around like a king and He is the King!

I hope they elect one that isn't 80 yrs.old.They need one in his 60's.

Doesn't act like a cult at all.

They are enjoying smoking something weird inside. Have another hit cardinal.

Or bad weed ?

Heck, if this election happened in 21st century USA, there would be a "hands down" winner because a few of the "electors" would find a way of voting multiple times!Let all the candidates walk on fire, the one survives is God chosen.

I just wonder what God thinks of all this show. There is nothing similar in it to the life Jesus lived while among men. He, was wise and yet, humble and simple. He didn't wear gold ring or red shoes. He didn't live in extravaganza.  What a Holy man he was!

In California the Cardinals would be arrested by the EPA police for emitting black smoke from the chimney!

Angry people love to say nasty things when given a chance, look what they say about GW.

two words:air pollution

They need to pick someone way younger than the guys that have been named as potential picks... (I believe the youngest is 63).

So............Rodman hasn't gotten the job yet?

this better not interfer with basketball on espn

I thought black smoke meant that they need to bring more young boys in here.

Reform is needed. Reform must include married priest being allowed. Reform must include getting assistance for the aging Nuns. Reform must solve the disappearing church attendance. Reform is really needed in the Vatican Bank.  With Pope Benedict now in prayer I do believe we might see reform. He will be there to speak out if the cardinals try to control the new Pope.Libs that go to church don't know why they are going in the first place.

This is as exciting as wathching a Behr Paint commercial.

Paddy Power, the Irish bookie service, puts the odds on Scola at 3/1/ Second is Ghana's Peter Turkson, at 7/2For you long-shot betters: They're offering 1,000/1 on either Bono or Father Dougal Maguire of Craggy Island (A character on the "Father Ted" television series)

Little known fact:  The Catholic Church is the largest landowner in the world next to McDonalds food chain.There are many waiting with baited-breath for this announcement, however all of the current frontrunners are conservative by nature, so the GLBT crowd will still be left in the sinners corner.

Temptation begins when Jack becomes a dull boy.

Jesus. The real High Priest.

That place is full of gold. One of them was wearing a gigantic gold ring worth thousands another was wearing gold slippers.

Troubled church? Like the Jews, and Muslims, are doing so well.

Are they electing a new pope, or a new chief with those smoke signals.

I hope the kids got out before they closed the doors to the Sistine ChapelCan I be a pope?

Just look for a man of Roman descent.. name Peter.. and everything will be just fine.

Most priests are either pedophiles or they covered-up the crimes of the clergy.

When they finally decide they all smoke something different.

Italy's Angelo Scola. A picture perfect image of a politician. This guy looks steeped in political wrangling like any old GOP tread in office. Just look at his sly face. What's he going to do: renegotiate the 15 Commandments. We already got rid of five.

whoever molests the most altar boys without getting caught  gets the pope hood.

"Word from the Vatican: The situation appears to be popeless..."

Novelty, to be PC, the NWO, NAACP, ACLU, UN, GLBT etc.,  should insist that the smoke represents the color of the elected pope.

The choice of Francis seems like a good one. Let's see if the Church will walk his talk.

I'm not Catholic.....but doesn't sending smoke signals go right to the heart of the antiquated ways of the church in the world of technology.Gary Busey for Pope!

Conclave.  Black smoke.  Men in red robes and pointy hats.  No women allowed.  All seems like ancient Egyptian empire movie.  Very entertaining to watch on the TV.  And it's free !  Thanks ya'll Catholics !

The smoke is coming from the circle jerk they're performing amongst each other.

How do they sneak the little boys in for the sacrifice ?

What's with the smoke signals..............I thought that went out of the window when the telegraph was invented!

Now out come the knives!

thats polluting the environment.....dayum numbnuts

The new pope should do as Jesus said: "Martha, Martha, you are worried and upset about many things, but only one thing is needed. Mary has chosen what is better, and it will not be taken away from her." (Luke 10: 38-42)  Allow women to be priests, if they wish to do so.  Also do away with celibacy &amp; allow priests to marry, as they used to when Christianity started.   Go back to the ways Jesus taught and do away with the man-made rules.

I just hope whoever THEY do elect, will be a real Christian, and not just a religious leader!

the hell are they smoking in there?The rewards for winning the campaign to become pope appear to be very desirable.A pampered life in an ivory tower.I just don't see where that fits into scripture.

Who cares who the Poop is?

There are thousands......thousands of priests. Not every one has committed crimes against children or are hypocrites. The church has lost it way and it is paying the price. Gay priests DO NOT molest children. Being gay does not make you a pedophile. Being and a priest is another problem  the church has to deal with. Allowing women to be priests is also another problem to deal with.

A lot of words for NO POPE YET!

Leonardo Sandri!

I hope those disgraceful popes won't destroy the Sistine Chapel with their silly oven ritual of spewing smoke and doing their voting ceremony that is completely unknown to others outside.I am a religious person, but I don't feel like trusting pope that has a scrooge, sneaky look on his face. It must be someone who has look of honest and divine in their face, with eyes show what's in their soul and mind.

The MSM needs to make their mind up which diretion they want to blow when it comes to the Vatican and stop with their moron sensationalism

Jesus is Santa Clause, the Catholic church old pervs on the take

I hope they do choose a pope who will get tough with priest who abuse there position for sexual encounters.  I am a Catholic myself and very upset of how priest can do that.  Also we need a pope who will let women in the ranks of priesthood and allow nuns more greater roll in the church.

I am not Catholic or even Christian. However; I cannot deny that the Catholic clergy has some impressive ceremonies and rituals. For the sake of their believers; I hope a good choice is made.Black smoke signals no pope . medicinal, i'm sure.

It also indicates that someone burned the pork chops.

What? Wait a minute here? They've been at it only 6 HOURS and they haven't elected a new pope yet? At least they won't take 1 1/2 years to campaign like we do here in the states.

Still hope that they will save America by elevating Scalia.

Hehehe- black smoke: no progress; white smoke: all is good....

Well...it's fun to watch the goings-on.

It is high time for the Catholic church to do what is right for the people of the world and elect an Atheist as pope.

Lost, the final episode.

What silly childish games with smoke signals.

if I'm elected i will move the papacy fire all the #$%$ and spend all the money on orphanagesPrediction: The Pope will be White!

It's so very very clever to keep posting the same tired, inaccurate or downright malicious and dishonest attacks on the beliefs of others.  But,  it's the only way the Lemming Left can justify its failure of spirit and deed.

The next (and last) Pope will be a black cardinal from Africa.Count on it.  The "fix" is in on this one.

They should save the black smoke for when they do make a choice.

Once again, the Catholics are blowing smoke.

I wonder about what odds the bookies are giving on this.

Control yourselves, don't do it, we know how hard it is.

HOLY SMOKE...BATMAN.

There was a place for the Catholic Church and all it's BS in the past. But so much about the Universe has been learned in the last 100 years that their pipe dreams are being recognized as such. They are no longer innocent of all evil. They do a lot of good but also a lot of bad. They are in fact a massive cult just like all the world's religions. At least they have abandoned their murderous past. It all revolves around money and control of the population. In the 1950's people actually lived in fear of the Church and did whatever they demanded. No wonder so many of them are Democrats.

Stop smoking drugs and pick the next pedo ring leader already!Air pollution.

I have respect for the Catholic religion, but I am sick of hearing about it and seeing it on television.  They should give so much coverage to other religions !  And yes, I do turn the channel!

No new pope and the world still turns.

A new Pope is about to be elected, who is widely thought to become the False Prophet, who will help usher in the Antichrist. Will he actually take the name, Petrus Romanus, as predicted centuries ago? Time will shortly tell.

Heard the San Diego Padres are #$%$ off that the ST Louis and Arizona Cardinals got to go on an all expense paid vacation to Rome.

The next pope should try focusing a little harder on the church's own sins and a little less on everyone else's.

If you send them your pay pal account number , they will absolve all your sins .

Who gives a &amp;()*%$#   #$%$&amp; !

What is sad is that most of my understanding of the papal process comes fromDan Brown novels.

Just don't elect Roger Mahony after all the pedophilia he has covered up for so many years.  Homosexuals and pedophiles and their filth have infiltrated the priesthood big time.  It is time to cut the sh.....i.......t and do something about it.  The Catholic Church needs an #$%$ kicker as Pope this time around instead of some frail old man.no poop yet .

Yahoo put this under science.

It's all George Bush's fault, the  pope retired because of global warming, sequestration caused the failed vote today and the white smoke is racist.

It is a put on.

Men,,not god are picking the pope....no wonder they wear funny hats

Ladies and gentlemen, please know that this is a farce.  Behind-the-scenes politicking has essentially already chosen the next pope - best one out of two.  This is just showtime.

Black smoke doesn't neccessarily mean no pope. They were just burning old tires.

Pope Benedict's resignation leaves me with a feeling of popelessness.

The Cardinals are too pooped to Pope.

"The so-called "Princes of the Church"---how negative is that glob of journalism?????  Stop saying the Catholic Church is in a state of "strife and scandal"!!  The strife is not religious, but political, from liberal journalists.  I'm Catholic and I haven't witnessed any strife at all. In fact, my parish church is so crowded at five masses every Sunday that there is standing room only if people don't get to the church early.  We have a thriving diocese, full of faithful Catholics and many tremendous social programs to help anyone in need. As for "scandal" there are very very few priests involved in scandals compared to the number of Catholic priests in the world. There are pedophiles and sex offenders in much greater numbers in the general population, but you never see headlines saying, "Five hundred pedophiles live in Los Angeles!"  Actually there are probably a lot more.  You might hear the one priest in New York City was found to be a sex offender.  Catholic priests are not perfect and neither are you! Neither is anyone.  Look at our leaders!  Who was a more scandalous president than Clinton?  He had affairs, cheated on his wife, and was caught!I wonder if Colbert will make a run for it?

If GOD exists and choosing the new pope, why would his choice not be unanimous on the first ballot? So much for how the fools convince themselves by never asking such obvious questions....

They are just burning all the old tires the Pope Mobile used since the last Pope.

Who says they represent God?  themselves?

The smoke is just a signal that means cheech and chong are in that building.

False alarm they were all just passing around a blunt.  Stay tuned.

I doesn't matter what I think but I see them going with a Latin or South American.

Black smoke ... burn a koran.

I drew Pope Frank the first in the office pool.  All the one seeds (Paul, Pius, and John) were already taken.  But at least I didn't draw Pope Judas.  Those 16 seeds never win.

I've been in the Sistine Chaple and nearby are plenty of One to One Confessionals where 2 Bachelor Cardinals can slip in side and hear each other's woes or just get some alone time with each other.Even a Pope doesn't care to be Pope anymore.

Are people with more than a 3rd grade education allowed to post comments here at Yapoo ?

Sad how so many people just wish the church to die. Metaphorically those same people would have nailed Jesus to the cross, that is more true than the air you breathe, whether you choose to admit that or not. People will quick to point out every single solitary bad thing about the church for yet another reason to justify their beliefs against it.Never will they point out the countless orphanages catholics help in 3rd world countries, the countless shelters/soup kitchens they run in the US, or the millions of catholic schools that help educate the future of our children. Those same people cast the first stone, those same people die pointing the finger, only to realize that when they die God will point the finger at them and ask them what did they do to make the world a better place.... Im pretty sure pointing the finger wont be a good answer

I have already voted and it doesnt start with "M" or sound similar to "be".

Religion is the clearest example of self-deception I have ever seen.   Case in point: if someone from another religion came to you and told you that their God was born of a virgin, rose from the dead, walked on water, etc, you'd call them nuts, but your version.....well, it's all true.

I vote for a nun! She could use her ruler to wack the bad priests little pee pees!!

These Red Skull Cap wearing Bachelors have heard thousands and thousands of people who confess their sins of thousands of murders each year and have given absolution and secrecy to the confessors for a few Hail Marys. We used to call a guy like that Al Capone or Adolph Hitler but these quacks call him their Pope? Go figure.

It looks like the stoker must be choking to death.

Perhaps the next pope can eliminate all that nasty smoke from the election process. Can't be good for the environment.

My guess is "God" will make his decision on Thursday afternoon.Vote for Sean Sullivan

I am kind of sick of all the pomp and circumstance.

What makes black smoke?  What makes white smoke?  Inquiring minds want to know!

'Classic Pope' will always be preferred by The Masses over  'New Pope'.  In fact, 'New Pope' is just a Marketing Fad.

If the same mechanism (black smoke signalling no agreement) was used in Washington - we all would be covered in sooth my now....lol....

The Vatican has become irrelevant the last decades.  Ever since Pope John Paul's death, Vatican has sunk deeper into the sink hole.  The next Pope will be even less influential &amp; relevant. He will be a symbol of gay, child-molesting religion. Probably half of Catholics have been pro-choice, liberal democrat (Kennedys, John Kerry, ...). Good riddance!

The black smoke may simply mean they burnt their hot dogs and burgers!!

That's a spicey meatball.

Is this really news anybody cares about? This isn't the 16th century, is it?

At what point do you go from being a cult to a legitimate religion? It would seem that number of followers is the only criteria.Ohmigod! It's the smoke monster from TV's "Lost!" I WONDERED where he went since the show ended. Glad he could find a job.

If the next vote produces green smoke you can bet it's O.G......

What? They started without me? Of all the nerve.

It's just dark outside.

Well, since they lost Pujols, and now Carpenter, I don't know if they can really contend this year.  What?  Oh, never mind.

READ!!!! Educate yourself on what the Catholic church has done through history...how they have been responsible for the deaths of millions...and are responsible for the deaths of millions of women and children today... The nuns, who are not technically members of the church and have no rights in the church, are the ones who do the work of Christ... they are the ones who bring the love of Christ to our world...and they are treated like dirt by the catholic church.

I remember Dr. Dre's "Up In Smoke" tour in 2001.

I think I'd rather hear about the Vatican all day and night than the cluster***k  that is washington D.c.

Another day of smoking fine cigars and drinking 1200 year old Lore cognac no doubt tying on another good one awaiting the sign.

I hope they just get this over with.The traser said secret conclave?  I do not think it is much of a secret.

I've got a taste for ribs all of a sudden.I'm out of here !

I am hoping Father Guido Sarducci get elected.

The RCC has always been good at blowing smoke.

AOL said that the only sure bet is that he won't call himself Peter. I and Malachi disagree. He will infact call himself "Peter the Roman."

Maybe one of the Cardinals was just lighting up a Blunt to unwind !!!

No disrespect intended - the Catholic church has done a lot of good - but why is one mortal considered holier and closer to God than other mortals, and why is this decided by, of all things, a vote ?

Everyone follows religion by way of tradition, do some research and you'll find out that religion is nothing but a man made business. What's make a preacher or a pastor better then you? you think "God" discriminates and only talks to preachers?

They worship a fallable human king - It's idolatry. Worship God/Jesus directly without the rest of the fanfare.

This is NOT a joke: Anti-Mafia police raided the Diocese of Papal front runner Cardinal Angelo Scola today. You. Can't. Make. This. Stuff. Up.LOLHow about the first black radical muslim pope?  Isn't it time?

Not having a pope is fine by me.  Who needs one?

Where is the biggest gathering of pedophiles?  In the Vatican city during prayer for a new Pope.  Who cares about this waste of people's hard earned money.  What is next?  The crowning of King Hussain Obama?

Now wait. Black smoke may mean they have chosen Arinze or Turkson.

The smoke has a distinct aroma. I think they're smokin' meth.

Omniscient and omnipotent gods always depend upon old errant men (mostly white) to do his choosing because she doesn't trust her female subjects nor her own 'omniscient and omnipotent' talents. She believes that men are "just better" if not entirely "superior". Men of the Catholic church agree with her.

OK so here's a question – what specifically are they burning to make the black smoke or white smoke? Just Curious

Anybody selling tickets to this?

I have a brilliant, money-saving idea.. How about they only light the chimney when they've made a decision? Seems to be a colossal waste of energy, money, and effort, to light a signal that there's nothing yet to signal. Pageantry at it's finest.. Waste in excess. And so they continue, century after century, taking donations from superstitious people who cannot afford to both give and survive. This is not the work of God. This is the work of a cult full of con artists. God doesn't need golden buildings, precious art hidden away in vaults, and coverups protecting murderers, rapists, and child molesters.God makes no excuses. Only mankind makes excuses.

I vote for disbandment of the Catholic Church.I wish the media would stop dumbing this down and spoon feeding this black smoke / white smoke theatre to us  It's insulting.  We went through all this bologna with John Paul's death, so please move on and go investigate a real story already.

Can't wait to hear who the next pedophile#$%$ pope is.

Surprise!

No true I left of pope in the toilet a moment ago that also said Hope and Change on it.

I don't know why everybody expects the ROMAN Catholic Church to turn things around in a short amount of time.  They are a very old, slow moving organization.  It took them 600 years to admit that the Earth revolves around the Sun.

As Will Ferrell would say, "Let's get this conclave started."

I heard the red shoes help attract small boys

racist chimney!

Is the practice of religion anything more than just a big game of Let's Pretend?

They are put down artists that think their cap does not stink.Both Ratzinger and Pope John Paul the about-to-be-saint were both complicit in the pedophile coverup and took direct part in transferring abusers to new parishes so they would have fresh prey.  Anybody who isn't aware of that (and who can read) is in massive denial.

Have they ever picked a new Pope after deliberating for one day? NO!

I really don't give a damn.

They will elect an American Pope.  Bet on it.

Gray orange smoke means they're smoking crack flavored with Koolade and forgot why they're having this big meeting..

thatsa the signal to senda in pizza and beer.....

I hope the new pope brings me fortune.

Catholic bashing is the last acceptable prejudice in the US.  Well, that at and bashing people from India.

I want that hat.

Spicoli in the tower ?The pope smokes pole.

I got a warning for doing that in my backyard.

Why is the news madia spending so much time on this?

Fascinating.   One of the last vestiges of the Middle Ages brought to you in living color!

does vegas have odds posted

How sad. 1.2 billion human beings still living in the stone age.

They seem to be convinced that only a European Cardinal makes a good Pope, but they might find a resurgence in the church if they were to be more inclusive of other regions.  Then if they would go back to the old doctrine allowing priests to marry, they might find they have fewer sex scandals.....just a thought or two.  (afterall It was Pope Benedict VIII in 1022 who outlawed priests marrying, not God)

Judge not, forgive, for we know not what we do.

Telling someone not to have sex makes it worse than it already is, then to think of it as sinful makes it ,well, finish it yourself.

One mans sin is another mans folly.Demons

I am standing by the call,....BTW, do you have to be Catholic?

Anyone want to know how the Lemming Liberal Left's "Age of Stupid" began? Try researching the first week of June, 1967,  and the entire weekend of July 19-20, 1969.  Those are the bookends.  What happened between sealed our fate.

Where do I cast my vote?

This is where they separate the men from the boys...

Didn't they "pray about it" last time and then elected Benedict (you know, the guy who quit)? I guess you're prayers weren't answered then, huh?

The news media sucks. And I bet none of them are even Catholic. Who told them there wasn't any favorites in sight. I doubt any of the Cardinals would have told them that. And I really don't think the Catholic Church is the only place in this world that is beset by sex abuse scandals, bureaucratic infighting, financial difficulties and the rise of secularism. But you would certainly think so by the media's words.I'm hoping for a new pope who will let it be known that any priest convicted (not accused because I know a priest who was falsely accused and exonerated) of sex abuse will be excommunicated. I hope they don't change any rules about priests or nuns marrying. They know about that vow before they ever take their vow. And I hope they change the prayers back to what they were 2 years ago, so it's easier to understand what we are saying instead of using big words very few understand and other prayers that make no sense at all. (ex: there's no roof on my body, so why would I say something so ridiculous)

Meanwhile, back in Washington, black smoke coming out of the White House signals that Barry is back to smoking some of the "blow" he bragged about smoking in his several shameless self promoting autobiographies.

Calling the Church "troubled" is typical liberal editorializing.I lived in the UK and the only church that is doing reasonably well in terms of attendence IS the Catholic Church. The Church of England and the Church of Scotland are dead. No one goes anymore. Half of their old churches are now bars and attendence is about 10 people over 75.On the other hand, the Catholic Church still drew a good attendence.

No diddling your fellow Cardinals now!To Catholic's: If offended get your Church to realize all beings are sexual and need release. All should be allowed to marry. Even Peter the supposed first pope was married.please hurry ! I cant stand another story about this !!!!!

and in the grand canyon the smoke signals are being returned.

Read Revelation Chapter Seventeen.

Hebrews 4:14 Seeing then that we have a great high priest, that is passed into the heavens, Jesus the Son of God, let us hold fast our profession.1 Timothy 2:5 For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus;John 14:6 Jesus said to him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man comes to the Father, but by me.Revelation 3:20 Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and he with me.Isaiah 44:22 I have blotted out, as a thick cloud, thy transgressions, and, as a cloud, thy sins: return unto me; for I have redeemed thee.I am the bread of life. Those who come to me will never be hungry, those who believe in me will never be thirsty. " (John 6.35 )John 11:25 Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth on me, though he die, yet shall he live.Matthew 11:28-30 Come to me, all you that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.Take my yoke on you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and you shall find rest to your souls.For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.John 13:15 I have set you an example that you should do as I have done for you.

Yesterday someone asked if there were any black Cardinals.  Yes, there are. So, we could have the first ever black Pope.  I've heard rumors that if that were to be, he most likely will be given the moniker "Pope Ice Bucket" or "Pope 6 Bits".  The Pope Mobile will have hydraulic shocks with spinners.  And he will be escorted by, well, escorts.  Instead of a ring he'll have bling, and last but not least, he'll give mass in "James Brown" instead of the usual Latin or Italian.

just to show they have a sense of humor, they should send up some lavender smoke.....

VOTE COUNT:::  Cardinal Molestator  199.......Cardinal Lilboysrule  198......Cardinal Touchmenow 197........Cardinal Pedo Phil  197....soooooooooo recount and do-overs

all the people who are mad at the church run to Eastern Religions especially Democratic Educated Women...and they say " I'm a Hindu NOW"...lmao....if you're so Educated...Look at what the Hindus do to Women in INDIA !!!....then treat all religion as either good or bad and not just Catholics....Idjuits.

if the black guy gets picked  he better not take it..... those racist spaghetti  slurping sandusky clones will  kill him.

Since Japanese men have really tiny genitalia... why not a Japanese Pope so the kids wont have to hurt so much!They should have a pope and vice pope, and maybe a pope of state.

No pope on day one? Even the Vatican knows how to put on a show.

What happens in the conclave, stays in the conclave.

I bet it wont be a white pope this time. :P

Catholicism has always intrigued me--praying to Mary-- not sure about that one

Most of those Cardinals in attendance are in their 80's, so it's gonna take a while to compile a list of all their sexual offenses and see who has the least amount of them

Thick black smoke indicates these guys are smoking a bunch of choice stuff.

A pope will be elected to end the media circus of scandal to such a degree that the media will have nothing left to write about.

Christ is head of the Church period.

Yawn!Still using smoke signals.  In a hundred years, maybe they'll fax the news to the faithful.

Like I really care.

That black smoke is the $10M they just paid out to the abused victims in Los Angeles.  It's just the tip of the ice berg.  That mafia-tied candidate is looking better every minute.

Pope, poop, about the same thing.

I'm hoping it will be someone old fashioned who makes it cool to be traditional. I've had enough of these left wing losers we have in society who can talk and make promises but are total failures.

People!Stop supporting this pedo party. The pedo preists should be jailed for their pedo packing pedo perps. These pedo pervs conspiring to select a new pedo pope to represent their pedo buggering is simply hypopedical.

are we sure theyre not just smoking cigars having a good time

Funny that this is making such a big tadoo.  Did anyone REALLY think a new Pope would be elected on Day One?  I can't wait to see who the new one is.  I love all this anticipation.

Why would anyone have faith in a religion that has such criminals at it's core?

pre-teen and pre-bubescent boys are so happyGotta make hiding out with good Cuban cigars and 600 year old cognac look like real work to the rest of the world ya know.

A gathering for halloween.

NEWS FLASH: Puffs of White Smoke seen coming from under the White House Portico! Sorry just Obama smokin"!

todays "church" is nothing like the way the Bible says it should be.

much ado about NOTHING !!!

What are they smoking

Ah yes,who will the anti-Christ be.

With all those silly hats, bedazzled capes, and pimp sticks they walk around with, how can these clowns even take themselves seriously at all? The only smoke from the Vatican that would interest me, is smoke from the place burning to the ground!

How that smoke isn't from Mary Jane?

Still burning evidence.no Pope for you

A con-job by con-men fooling their flock of followers. Its all smoke and mirrors folks. Part of a big con-game to keep you believing to lighten your wallets.

who will wear the shoes of the fisherman?

I guess God can't decide...

OMG! I just thought of something. What if the Vatican was really on FIRE and everyone stood around watching the black and white smoke!!!

The slide show of the potential Popes gives this article an ABC Pope edition of the Bachelor feel to it.

Six days out of office and we cured AIDS. Do we really need this guy?

One thing you can be sure of: the new pope will be Caucasian.

Black smoke = ' The circle jerk continues '  All this nonsense and status of a sovereign nation for this bunch of fairy tale fairies, and people actually believe this nonsense. The most damaging drug on the planet, religion.

I lost my virginity to a confession box at age tenSo does the black smoke mean 5 more years of molestation

Pope Deuchy Boy Raper III says it's immoral to use tampons.

Or they had Cajun for dinner.

Oh the drama of it!  I can hardly stand it!  Black smoke?  White smoke?  This ancient costume drama of an organization is out of touch with the modern world.  Smoke signals?  What a bunch of goofy old men!

I can taste those mouth-watering ribs now.

One person says she is so excited to have spent thousands of dollars to come from New York to be in Italy to see smoke.

Reforming the Catholic Church is harder than reforming Congress, it's not going to happen overnight.

If This isn't the most asinine way of communicating I don't know what is.  Smoke signals?? No wonder the vast majority of young people believe the Catholic church is out of touch.

They have no Pope, but we still have our DOPE!!!!

Grey smoke over here at my spread...signals the steaks aren't quite done yet...but the beer is ice cold !Some Cardinals were very upset with the retired Pope and would only refer to him as; "The Holy See Ya".

if the pope quit............it should be a sign that somethings wrong....hey catholics....there is a Chinese guy that would make a great Pope....his name....POPE Sum-ting-wong

Positive comments attract negative thumbs.

Black smoke = black Pope!

What a gig - play dress-up, mutter a few lines out of a book, pass a weave basket around for free money and sleep easy knowing you'll never be "downsized" or have your job outsourced.  Too bad it comes at a price of all the sexual impropriety and hangups.

Legal Age of Consent in Vatican City is 12. They need more little boys oh I mean time.

They should change to Marlboro its smoke is white every time!

They aren't "so called" Princes. They are Princes. Typical reporting from ignorance.

must be burning some good virgina coal..look at it smoke

Would like to know the recipe for black smoke vs. white smoke.I have some cardinals at my bird feeder this morning, but I've never seen one in my bible.

Why in modern times with the advances in scientific knowledge, logic and reasoning do people still subscribe to this mystical mythological nonsense?

Oh the anticipation is killing me ,  all these sleepless nights waiting .

Why isn't there a vice-Pope?

Is it too late to submit my name for consideration?

We gotta keep the Italians out - the bank needs a total cleanout of them.  They are just another version of the Mafia.

The 'holy spirit' must be broadcasting on several different wave lengths, which explains the confusion!  One would think the 'holy spirit' would be speaking to ALL of them with the SAME message!

must be some good chit man.. we stay here locked up for a while send the bisho to go score some more

The real problem here is a 6 th century church trying to find a 21 st century leader!!! Or maybe just a 15 th century leader  will do as they have in the past!!!!

The Catholic Church has outlived its usefulness.  There rituals are so outdated it's almost funny.  You don't hear too many people speaking Latin any more except the Catholic priest.  If you let the nuns and priests get married like NORMAL PEOPLE, there wouldn't be as many homosexual priests and nuns.  Everybody needs a little loving of the opposite sex.   Praying is one thing and good, but they look stupid in their process.I'll give them some billowing thick black smoke.  May they will elect me pope.

Does the KKK burn a cross when they get a new leader?

I think the pope is already  determined. They would have us think he's elected. The new pope may be the antichrist or the false prophet.

Why do the Cardinals always get to elect the Pope? Why not let the Yankees or Cubs have a shot at it? ;)

Big deal, grown men in dresses, wearing ridiculous, antiquated headgear trying to look relevant while deciding who the next pedophile protector-in-chief will be, ugh.

I love that they have to 'take measures' to keep them from communiciting through social media??    because Cardinals cant be trusted.....not to tweet?

They will keep burning underwear until they find a clean pair.

is there a color of smoke for a hanging chad ?

The entire Catholic church stole every holiday from Pagans and stole the story of Jesus Christ from the Bahai religion ...its just a cult like any other ..

I wonder if they have one of those furnaces like Ralphie's Dad in A Christmas Story?the smoke just signifies what they've been blowing up people's (a)ss for centruries....

They had almost reached a concensus when this cutr little altar boy bent over to rie his shoe and 17 Cardinals suddenly and simutaneously had to adjourn

Too bad the city isn't on fire with the religious zealot bible thumping imbeciles locked inside.Religion is, has been, and will be a means of controlling the weak minded and superstitious through fear and ignorance.TOP 10 SIGNS YOU ARE A CHRISTIAN...10 - You vigorously deny the existence of thousands of gods claimed byother religions, but feel outraged when someone denies the existence of yours.9 - You feel insulted and "dehumanized" when scientists say that peopleevolved from other life forms, but you have no problem with the Biblicalclaim that we were created from dirt.8 - You laugh at polytheists, but you have no problem believing in a Triune God.7 - Your face turns purple when you hear of the "atrocities" attributed to Allah,but you don`t even flinch when hearing about how God/Jehovah slaughteredall the babies of Egypt in "Exodus" and ordered the elimination of entire ethnicgroups in "Joshua" including women, children, and trees!6 - You laugh at Hindu beliefs that deify humans, and Greek claims about godssleeping with women, but you have no problem believing that the Holy Spiritimpregnated Mary, who then gave birth to a man-god who got killed, came backto life and then ascended into the sky.5 - You are willing to spend your life looking for little loopholes in the scientificallyestablished age of Earth (few billion years), but you find nothing wrong with believingdates recorded by Bronze Age tribesmen sitting in their tents and guessing thatEarth is a few generations old.4 - You believe that the entire population of this planet with the exception of thosewho share your beliefs -- though excluding those in all rival sects - will spend Eternityin an infinite Hell of Suffering. And yet consider your religion the most "tolerant"and "loving."3 - While modern science, history, geology, biology, and physics have failed toconvince you otherwise, some idiot rolling around on the floor speaking in "tongues"may be all the evidence you need to "prove" Christianity.2 - You define 0.01% as a "high success rate" when it comes to answered prayers.You consider that to be evidence that prayer works. And you think that theremaining 99.99% FAILURE was simply the will of God.1 - You actually know a lot less than many atheists and agnostics do about theBible, Christianity, and church history - but still call yourself a Christian.

Are the pedo priests gonna get to vote like they did last time when they elected the last piece of trash pope who had to retire to keep from being arrested?

You can come out of your caves and kiss the flat earth. As soon as you see the proper smoke signal.

They've got to hurry today because AC Milan-Barcelona is on TV about 8 pm and the Italian cardinals have got money on that match.

Do I dare speak for Jesus?  I can't imagine he had this in mind when he started the church.  It all seems so corporate.

What if nobody wants the job?

As expected. Hopefully, an English-speaking non-European will be elected. Around 500 consecutive years of Europeans, primarily 422 consecutive years of Italians, is more than enough. They made the mess now afflicting the  Church.

Catholic Church has 2000 years of history and is a religions of millions and millions of people. Those here who are making a silly jokes on the Church are just a bunch a pityfull people who were brainwashed by liberal propaganda. The same as a dog barking at a going train.Catholics need to turn to God and the Bible for their leadership and not a pope.

It's a circle jerk, the one who spits the furthest will get to pick the next Pedophile in charge, er, Pope!

Can't they get one like 35 years old so they don't have to do this crazy ritual every 10 years.

I think it is funny how Catholics now know what it felt like to be a Michael Jackson fan!

How do you produce black smoke? Pine with plenty of pitch in it?

pollutioning the air and the molested kids

The new pope needs to take an oath, under penalty of pope forfeiture, that they have never molested children and are not gay. Until the church lets these guys marry and have a REAL life, they will be tempted to molest.

Deep secrets YES even in the church... Judgement day will come but now by our choosing..

The next Pope needs to be Progressive.  He needs to push an agenda including priests being allowed to marry and women being allowed to be priests.  Otherwise, it is same old same old.

Hope they play better than last year...They-want-to-show-this-on-television.-Show-what-really-goes-on-behind-the-scenes.

Famous words echoing thru out the halls of the Vatican ??? "  Kneel before my child  !! Kneel closer my child !! Kneel much much closer my Child !! OH !! OH !! YUMMY!! YUMMY !! Where are the tissues ???

Where can one get one of those tall, white, cardinal headdresses? I tried WalMart. They said no.

you cannot petition the lord with prayer

Do Ctaholics even take religion seriously, or is it just a chance to prance around in colored robes and practice arcane liturgy?

What i don't understand is if you are not catholic, why concern yourself with this.  I could care less who the new Pope is.  My bible says only worship God, the Son, and the Holy Spirit, not some dude in fancy garb.

If you don't understand the concept of particulate emissions the video makes it clear.When the smoke cools the heavy black soot falls to earth and swirls around like dust into the respiratory systems of all living things. The exhaust components lighter than air even at low temperature are a who's who of smog and greenhouse gas producing chemicals.The old and sick are the first to succumb.Cherishing all life while you poison it is deadly hypocrisy.The image exemplifies the point that ancient fundamentalist tradition is toxic before you ever consider the way it is harnessed to keep  a global syndicate of child molesters renewed and thriving the way the Catholic Church does.Worth noting how no females are in contention for the job under any circumstances.Can't forget how the guy who had the job just walked away.No secular laws were broken but I never will forget the out of town Catholic Bishop in uniform who invited me to his hotel room on the pretense of sharing a taxi in the '90's in San Francisco. My gay friends were disgusted.

Religion is a state of mind and nothing more!!! If that is your thing, so be it!

All church's should be taxed just like any other money making business.

WOW.....all those cardinals at one place, at one time.  I would imagine the child porn DVD's are being traded at a fast and furious pace.lol where is Emperor Ming???? SAVE US FLASH!

"...the daunting problems facing the Church at one of the most difficult periods in its history."Yes I'm sure the Crusades, the Schism, and the Dark Ages all pale in comparison to the problems the Church faces today.

I came here because i thought it was a New Orleans Saints story.

Guess Rodman is in Vatican Square!

I hope French Cardinal Henri Enchange gets it. He'd be called Pope Enchange !

Are they really going to elect a woman pope?

How about an American pope.

Who needs a Pope when we already have a Messiah.

Black smoke - pink smoke - colored smoke .... and the christians call us Pagans superstitious.

i am an ex-catholic and understand the way things are supposed to work versus how they really work.  Back several decades ago, we were taught that God, not mand chooses the new pope.  How can anyone therefore enter the conclave a favorite.Maybe they're just so busy having one off that they burned the popcorn.

You are fired!

I go straight to Jesus and He helps me through every day's problems.

smoke... and mirrors

Sounds like the nut cases are out tonight.

Bet they got a really huge bong in there.

Make Obama the Pope. It's the only award he hasn't been GIVEN so far. And since the Pope doesn't really do anything he would fit right in.

The smoke smells like burning flesh, Auschwitz?

What a stupid idea, even the Indians stopped using smoke signals centuries ago.

Air pollution.They tried this as well at the WH back in November, and the black smoke signified four more years of non-leadership. So, here we are!

Maybe they're burnnig some fat protestant.

Why would god not choose his own representative? Why leave the decision to mere mortal's incompetence? Religion, the biggest ponzi scam in history.

Whew! I saw the headline about black smoke and thought that meant they elected Cardinal Turkson of Ghana.

that colored smoke is a sign they are HASHing things out, and are they hungry..

The new Pope should focus on prosecuting gay priests who go after children.

God bless them all and hopefully the spirit of God will guide them...

I hope he is Italian or Irish

Sex and rock and roll and praying for good luck is our destiny.

Come into my web.Those white hats the cardinals are wearing in the picture remind me of chef's hats.  Wonder what's cooking in the kitchen.

The Great Karnac says:Answer:    John Paul, Ivory Snow, and George W. BushQuestion:  Name a pope, a soap and a dope

last night on the news a Vatican spokesperson said no chance of an American pope. The US is too powerful???????????????????I think they ought to be demanding to see the packet of info that Benedict got before he flew off to retirement. The other night on Brian Williams show they spoke of its content and not looking good.......Seems that the clerics has not only been dabbling in ped stuff but spending some time with the locals partying as a celibate should not be doing.One cardinal said they NEED to see the contents to make the right decision about next pope.........They ought to simply state "There won't be a new pope till WE see the contents"

Just pray that it goes away by itself and stops popping up all the time.

The Enclave starts with lots of singing and funny clothes. lol

Just more pollution

Women will become commodities again without the church. Corrupting our youth with lies will end.

Why is this a Special Report on the networks?  I'am not Catholic and could less, who they choose as pope?????

I thought that 1 pic of a guy in the robe and with all the gold around was Lady Ga Ga coming out for a celeb pic

Pope Alice Cooper has been nominated.These clowns are all part of a religious corporation and more concerned with the power and money from their church than people they are supposed to serve.

These primitive rituals make the Catholic Church appear as a cult of deranged lunatics. . . . by many American Catholics !

O Holy Salutahalatorius Magnificum Mary Blah Blah Let It Be.

It is an exciting event and the crowd in Vatican shows it. This country dominated by protestantism and masons can't appreciate that.

Its a scary world.  Hang tight.

We need the John F Kennedy of popes, that young, dynamic go-getter that can reach out to the younger set.  Not these old feeble men.

In other news Charlie Sheen and Cheech Marin are headed over there. They heard 'smoke' and were halfway there

Sorry Don but that reasoning is way off base. This is an organization that judges others, decides what is and isn't a sin, and who will or won't go to heaven.  Consequently they are held to a higher standard. And right now they shouldn't be judging anyone.

What does it mean when the smoke is red?

They keep picking one that matches the last pope prophecies so keep having to cast votes over again,Woah... I looked cautiously in both directions, and even towards the sky...Still popeless and NO apocalypse yet! Thank the stars!!!

Not all priests are pedophyles. The priest at my gym hit on me and I'm 46.

If you believe in the biblical story of creation then you support incest. If you believe the biblical story of Noah and the great flood, you support incest.

Up in Smoke. Thats were my Money goes. Sometimes in my eyes and sometimes up my nose. When troubled times begin to bother me. I take a toke and all my cares go Up in Smoke

Each of us is to work our our "own salvation with fear and trembling" - I'd say you guys should be on your knees praying too.  I am.

The Church is not 'troubled' the media is troubled. They can't stand any organization that is over 2000 years old that tells the Truth and isn't going to collapse from media lies and innuendos.

This is all very funny...those guys are having a blast in there, everyone with a silly hat. How can they not laugh! .

Black smoke, really? Just post it on Twitter like everyone else.

Make Obama the Pope. That would be as big a joke as his Nobel Peace Prize. It would be a step down for him because he thinks he is God now.

The only smoke blowing out of the Vatican is the smoke the Cathlic Church is blowing out of it #$%$ with lies, deceptions, fraud and criminal practices!Hopefully this one won't cover up for pedophile priests.

Those old pharts still playing Middle Age games!?They just love their power and money and belief that they hold the key to truth and salvation. The reality is that they have 1.2 billion Catholics held hostage that the church has the answers for afterlife and eternity when it could easily be all wrong. Too many cultures and churches and gods throughout history for one to claim top dog in the truth department. Remember, the Catholic Church got its power through battles, and conquests and taking one fifth the gold and silver from the New World. You cannot have power without wealth and the Catholic Church became powerful when it started wielding its heavy hand in the New World by forcing the natives to believe and by stealing their gold and silver and bringing it back to Europe where it ended up mostly in the hands of the Catholic mafia in the Vatican.Its just absolutely unbelieveable how naive and gullible the sheep are that they think their church, so full of wealth, that it is the way the truth and the salvation of its flock, especially with the history of putting down scientists and unbelievers and burning "heretics" at the stake. And you today, who will put thumbs down on this comment, are just as naive and gullible and easily led critters that go baaaa-baaaaaaa!

Religion is a silly little game played upon the poor and foolish by the sly and rich, to keep them afraid and guilty so they don't misbehave.

And here I thought someone let the pizza burned!

In other news Russell Crowe claims to have seen a UFO and Taylor Swift is dating some dude so she get another number one hit song.

We need a pope who will get rid of pedophelia and send all of those accused of it out of the church and into jail. No more sex crimes committed by priests. Religion is not about abusing young boys. St Peter has to be ashamed of all that has happened in the church recently.Hopefully things will change and the church can be respected again!

I nominate Father Guido Sarducci!  You know he doesn't #$%$ altar boys!

The "smoke" will remain"Black" until the "Cardinal's" run out of their supply of "Mexican/Italian Weed". When that occurs the "smoke" will indeed turn "White".

When Hank jr and I visit the throne at the same time black smoke billows out of the old folks home.

Let me guess...does the smoke's color singnify whether the next pope is heterosexual, homosexual, lesbian, bisexual, transexual, or just plain old normal?(Only a liberal would ask this question, I merely posted it to remind everyone how the mentally ill think!)let us as Catholics pray that a real honest pope that understands the peoples needs, and also one that can stand strong and only work with our Lord in making our church strong again

Look how stupid all these followers of the anti christ the next pope what a joke all these hypocrites who do not follow the teachings of the bible

What no pope today? This is really going to mess up my pope fantasy league.

"Abdicate"????  The servant of the servants of God is hardly a king/monarchy.  It was no surprise to anybody who's been paying attention that Pope Benedict XVI finally RETIRED.  I get so tired of ignorant "journalists" turning the papacy into some kind of political power, creating colorful images of cardinals from two political parties doing battle on some reality TV game show.  Stop reporting on ambiguous "conflicts" and start reporting some facts for a change.

They worship Mary...what happen to Jesus?

If you put so much faith in god let him choose.

Just another aspect of the catholic church that's downright ridiculous (and there are many others). Crowds of people staring at a smokestack, anxiously awaiting a white puff of smoke. You couldn't write fiction more ridiculous than this. Remember, your "pope" is just a man. That's all. A man. Do you know what you'd call any other man on the street that looked like the "pope"?A drag queen.

They were burning the files on pedophile Priests.

Black smoke? Wrong ganja.

What?  you mean the conclave of filthy pedophiles couldn't elevate one of their own today?  perhaps they're still tallying the young lives ruined by these dirty perverts.Pot signals the air must be really stoned in there

I think one of those guys who wears a red beanie is going to win, and I hope they do it quick. I'm almost tired of hearing about the pope as I am looking at Beyonce every day.

A South American pope would help them recover the 'moral' high ground in the Western Hemisphere.

Why not elect Jesus Christ to run your church!

"Police detained two women who staged a brief topless protest against the Church before the massed ranks of television crews who have come from around the world to follow the conclave."Yeah, some cardinal in the crowd yelled out "show me your #$%$" . .  .

Vatican must be sued for that ugly smoke! They are not just child molesters, but also polluters! Where are the environmentalists, when you need them ?!?...

f... the pope .......................

A new pope was not elected but they did send a note out asking if someone could please send in a dozen or so 13 - 15 year old boys.

I'm just so thankful that the true church of the land doesn't have to go through these man made stupidities to elect another sinful man..Christ the head of the true church of the land will never resign..or carry a graven image or wear a stupid hat looks like a halloween costume..

this whole process smells like the days of inquisitions.... and the weak-minded bow their heads...and who cares, the pope ideal is outdated.

The one who has the best child molestation photos wins.

Come-on already. We want to see the Guy with the Clam-shell Hat,wearing a smoking jacket while riding in his Jetsons-mobile.

The smoke is racsit!This is how liberals think.

I wonder what the carbon foot print is for electing a new pope? Maybe they should try email, release a pigeon or something.

Black Smoke-------White Smoke-----------Pink Smoke

Build Thru the draft,and stay under the salary cap. Oooops,wrong Cardinals............

These perv's never got to this level,   without a little dirt in their closets.......

Seeing all those guys wearing those hats makes me think, "Bishop to d7."

It's too bad they don't pray as fervently for their victims."This is Galaxy Commander Space Being of Space Exploration Quadrant Layer 12 contacting out-post Peace and Health Cures in Vector 6 for evolving Creatures. Have your Health Supplies and Cures immediately returned back to orbital position on Zygodactal Galaxy Lunar 5 Moon. These Earth Creatures think they know it all already and are prepared to obliterate our rescue Health and Cure Teams if you interfere and enter in to "their" Solar System with any Space Aid from out humongous Empire. Commander Out."….."LOL"

So they have to swear on a bible to vote only for the person they think is the best to lead the church.Yet they need a 2/3 vote to become pope. So if the 2/3 doesnt happen in the first vote someone has to change their vote. The person who changes his vote is breaking their vows. Breaking their vows is instant excommunicaton. How the hell do they expect to do vote and hold their vows?

Prediction: White smoke for the Black pope!  Petrus Romanos...

Sheeple.

Dum dum dum dum, dum dum dum dum, no smoke yet!

That's not smoke- Roger Mahoney just farted...

where does the church get all the money for all the fancy clothes these guys wear? Oh yeah, they con it out of unsuspecting catholicks/suckers."religion was born when the first con-man met the first fool"  Mark Twain.

Smoke!?!? It smells heavily of Sulphur!!!!

St Louis or Phoenix?....which Cardinals?

Cardinal O'Malley, Pope O'Malley, your archdiocese started this mess, YOU FIX IT , the world is watching . We are all waiting with angry faces and folded arms.Let me guess there looking for a bishop that believes the TEN COMMANDMENTS weren't commandments just suggestions that should be EDITED.Which bishop will BiD the highest.

The black smoke from LOST has been let loose on the papacy

I heard Dennis Rodman was in the Vatican......any chance he could be the next Pope?

It will take them 11 hours and 6 minutes to elect a new pope.

Who cares?  Here in America Catholic Priests are just known as child molesters, outside of that they have no effect on us.

1 out of 200 priests is an epidemic. But what the media and people likeyou do the other 199 is a tragedy as well !

haven't seen the vatican budget?oh, yeah... no one hasthe papacy is about as un-christlike as you could get

dog and pony show

What if they opened the door and all the Cardinals were dead from carbon monoxide poisoning?

Mohammed Ali just called and wanted to know what all this talk about Rope-a-Pope was.Why do they title it as a "troubled church" ?  The Pope retired.  They're electing a new one.  I really hate the media.

why cant the press leave em alone and they just come get us when they elect a pope....or maybe they could let the media in conclave and turn it into  a reality show...(survivor)

Abstinence makes the church grow fondlers

The '' church has big time money due to thier killing of cultures different from them.Can't they help the needy like they preach?No cuz they are a fraud! And people are sheople

I'm going out on a limb here...I say the new Pope will be white!!!  LOL

1/7 of the world population is taking up 2/3 of news programs.  That's what peeses me off!  Why don't you leave this alone and come back to us when they do elect a new Pope?  I'm tired of hearing about it

The Savior is POTUS. First ballot by people voting early and often.

Now for a little backroom slap and tickle, some serious grab a$$in' and they'll find the perfect purveyor of pedophilia for the next round of church leadership!

I think they are just sitting around doing bong hits

Silver Tongue and Golden Fingers will be the next Pope.Why does St Louis need a pope for their team?The A's don't need one!!!

Tonight is crucified corndog night at the Vatican!

too funny - the vad has a great computer network but just like living in the current time they go back to the dark ages- sad boring

Smoke signals?  How 3rd century of them...

Black Smoke!That seems racist.

This "black smoke - white smoke - colored smoke  " Is a BUNCH OF GARBAGE . Smoke and mirrors - Smoke screens - and the Catholic people don't even realise they are having smoke blown up their posteriors by this crooked and fundamentally corrupt regime . The 21st century and educated human beings believe  in the divinity of the color of smoke ?

Is that photo suppose to represent a dark day on the church?

There is more payoffs going on there than in Washington right now

How come there is an age limit for cardinals to vote, but no age limit for a Pope to be elected?

they need somebody younger,not one that is ready to fall over .Question:  Does all the special hats and clothing make them more wise or holy so they can do a better job of electing the next Pope?  Are they closer to God than they would be in jeans and a sport shirt?

"and in the biggest SHOCKER of all time, (not really)  A GAY BLACK WOMAN IS ELECTED!"

"the Church...is beset by sex abuse scandals, bureaucratic infighting, financial difficulties and the rise of secularism." Catholics, you're gonna need a stronger Pope.

No clear front runner? Prayers for guidance?  How about they all gather round, then say... " Who here has not taken advantage of a little boy?"  Then, pick that guy.  But, this might not work as it's possible no one would raise their hand

It is a pretty place. I bet a lot of the art is stolen

Those cardinals are genuine geezers.

Catholics need to obey the anti-smoking rules.

May the Cardinals be guided in selecting a good Pope who would lead the flock closer to God.  Failure might scatter the sheeps even more and hurt the Church which I believe is a greater sin.

this is bigger than i thought it was..

It is Bushes fault.When Jesus walked the earth teaching his followers ,he did not wear fancy garments laced with gold or reside in a gold laden house! I follow his teachings,but I give to God my allegience not a mortal man !

The popular amusement started, and the circus must go on.

I think it should be the Argentine or Brazilian;it's their turn now..

Hey Olgas...."Hocas Pocas!! Boil, boil toil and trouble.....what I just wrote has as much power as your nonsense. Sounds as mature too.

Ooh ooh, I'd love to have one of those magic wands they always carry around!

St.Peter was married . Celibacy make good men to do bad things.

Palpatine

Those hats have just got to go.  "Hey Paul, what album cover are you wearing today?"  "Well the Beatles of course."

Look at my red thumb!

Just like the religion itself, no clear favorite.Why is my religion not as sane as yours?

Well maybe if these idiots would concentrate on the job at hand instead of trying to find new ways to #$%$ altar boys......

There was less mumbo jumbo from the Druids.

The gathering of pedophiles and their protectors.If the new pope were to crack down on pedophile priests the Catholic church would grow.

If the Cardinals are choosing a Pope you can bet the New York Yankees will have to one-up them.

Pomp, circumstance, and I wonder how many pedos?

Why has this garnered no much attention? This country isn't nor should it be influenced by the Vatican, the pope, or catholicism (or any religion) so why does this sh** matter so much?

Pick a young one so we don't have to go through any more conclave nonsense for a looooooong time....

All they do is hide child molesters and rapists.

What about the prophecy of St. Malachy?Black or Hispanic. Guaranteed. It's all about dollars and who will bring them back

I AM ON THE EDGE OF MY !@#$% SEAT WAITING.

NO ONE EXPECTS THE SPANISH INQUISITION!

I have an idea that would solve the ''good old boys'' election problem..Why not put all their names into the papal crown and let the abdicated pope pull one out from his ''relinquished'' crown?

Enough already  !!   These guys with the funny hats and splendid robes KNOW who the next pope is going to be .. Why the big " show " .. It don't matter dudes !!

The Church is fine; its the press that we should all be worried about.

Shows how far behind they are using smoke signals .

The Catholic Church is just like our government; everything is done in secret!

We get some middle inning relief pitching I think we can win it all again.Al became a Angel,but he didn't get a ring.I don't think he will get one as a Angel.So he still has his from ST.Louis

Do not pick a right wing Nazi again, pick somebody like John Paul II.This is just hideous nonsense.  Read "Absolute Monarchs" by Julius Norwich... it chronicles the history of the Papacy... you can see that it is the most vile and murderous organization in the history of humanity. This conclave is indeed a dog and pony show...and it is shameful that the media puts this as a focus, instead of the mass murder of innocent Syrian men, women, and children... The catholic church is anti women, anti gay, anti science, anti anything that has to do with human goodness, truth, and beauty. It is hundreds of years behind the world we live in, and against every good virtue of humanity. And popes through history have been responsible for the deaths of millions of people, from the popes that had Jews burned to death in the synagogues and torcher chambers, to John Paul who said that 'condom use is a sin'... which has caused the death by AIDS of millions of people. And the last pope who was a member of the nazi party, and spent 20 years hiding pedophiles from justice. Spirituality is your connection with God... please don't give the power of that relationship to a misogynist chauvinist organization of corruption, pedophiles, and enormous wealth derived from the poor.

Smoke signals...really?

I know he would be too old to vote, but is former Pope Benedict still a cardinal?

Any of you 'protesters' ever stop and think; "what if I'm wrong?"Ever?

Hey sounds like a new reality show...who wants to be the Pope?

Here at home, we're all still hoping for a Latin pope.  Pope Papi I.  It can happen...

They also said nothing could get in or out even the Holy Spirit.  There is a way that seems right to men but leads to death.

Does black hash produce black smoke?

Just a bunch of sexually-frustrated old men electing a new chief pervert.

Puff puff pass. To the left.The smoke signals are weird.

Burning more evidence.

The Sistine Chapel could be on fire with all the Cardinals locked inside...dying from smoke inhalation, and no one would do anything.Everyone would just look, shrug their shoulders, and say "black smoke...no Pope yet", then walk away.

OMG - on pins and needles!  Keep me up to date every second please, AP... because... you know... the majority of the world outside of the catholic religion cares THAT much

White smoke signals that they just got done watching Cheech and Chong.

they said the same about the "fiscal cliff" and "sequester".....

how anyone would want to be associated  with this church is beyond me never mind the fact the whole Jesus story is full of holes and fantasy. can anyone with a brain between their ears actually believes that a man parted the red sea i mean really think about that. i bet a flock of pigs flew over them seconds later. the bible is a good book just like harry potter

I'm shocked. Black smoke for the first vote!

Didn’t that look like a B coming out of the Chimney??? I think it did?

I'm sick to death of the church ignoring their pedophile issues. Clean sweep the ones that are known. Turn them all over to authorities and put them in jail!!Only then can the church start to deal with everything else on their plate!!Their plate is plenty full...They are all sitting around watching Bruno and licking their lips. The smoke is from burning the young boys underwear they keep in the cellar. I've heard semen is toxic.Ever see a h☺☺ker w/ good teeth?

I don't know who gets the most respect.The Catholic Church or The American Congress!!!

ME! THE NEW POPE! FREE COOKIES FOR ALL!

SURPRISE SUCKERS!!! It's Peter the Roman (The Italian child porn king!)

Guys use a bong!

Send in the little boys, They need a entertainment break.

I am not anti any religion except Islam, most of us are of the religion of our parents, and they are the religion of theirs. But as I read this stuff about the pope and cardinals I get an eerie feeling of evil I dont know why. It is not an angered feeling is it one that actual strikes fear, like that feeling many get walking home at night and there is something behind you, something evil. You actually pick up your pace and even some run the last few steps to your door.

Their methods are as backward as their mind.

I can't get over it, that intelligent 21 century people still believe in Religions.

What they need to do is elect a Martin Luther.Why no mention of how TODAY the catholic church agreed to settle a child molestation case for $9.9Million. (just another day in the life of a dirty child molester organization)

I'm hoping for a black pope so I can see the popemobile pimped out.

Kind of makes me wish a war would break out

Just what are they smoking!

All they need to do is make Jerry Sandusky the pope. He is the best man for the job!!!!

they spend the first day sharing photo's of the kids they've diddled

Scar: what about all the other faiths fingering little boys and women. Of the Catholic church's thousnads of priests the abusers amount to less then 1/2 of 1 percent.WORLD WIDE .We have a far greater number of school teachers screwing their minor aged students here in the U S. We also have Protestant screwwing and abusing their church members. I agree with you that ALL sex offenders need to be dealt with not just the priest . Bad priest are no more abundant  then protestant  preachers,and bth are below the stats of frigging teachers

The cardinals are divided between the conservatives who want to take us back to the 12th Century, and the liberals who only want to take us back to the 15th Century.

What a load of #$%$!

Cardinal Roger Mahoney would be the best choice for pope IMHO!I am looking for smoke that says "We gave elected a Pope who has zero tolerance for pedophiles".

There sure is a lot of hate in these comments.  It seems like it's the popular thing now to hate the Catholic Church even though is has done a lot of good, and continues to do so, despite the child abuse scandals by a small minority of priests. Maybe some of these anti-Catholic comments are from those who use the scandals as an excuse to express their pre-existing, ill-informed hatred of the Cathollic Church.    In John 15:18 Jesus says, "If the world hates you, know that it hated me before it hated you."

Black smoke?  Waddya wanna bet they're in that room just smoking really bad dope?

I still support the Church, regardless of a few bad apples. The Catholic Church does more for the world in healthcare, food, and charity than any other organization on the planet. Any organization that large will have a few bad apples. Keep Calm and Carry On!

They are so concerned about Hillary getting elected they can't stop.

Black smoke?!  I hope the two-man Sybian isn't overheating!(A couple dudes will get this).

Did God see the smoke?

Why does the Catholic Church need to exist? It is a corrupt organization populated by pedophiles. They have committed abhorrent crimes on humanity ever since they were formed. Plus why do they live in a lavish life style when the basis of their precepts is humility.

havent elected a Pope,or,forgot about the tater tots in the oven,you make the call

BLACK SMOKE Is there any chance that black smoke  indicates that they elected MAHONY ?Like I care. Nothing but a bunch of crusty old geezers selecting some OTHER crusty old geezer to be treated like the second coming of Jesus.

Just another cult leader about to be elected to hide all the dirty secrets.

Can't someone just say "We're still looking" instead of all this religious bullschit with smoke?

Can't these guys use cell phones?

Smoke signals? Conclave? What are all these bull words the vatboys invet? How announcing the new buggerizer and money grubber chief facilitator. Forgot the papacy and all the words from 600 years ago. let's call it what is is: The biggest scam ever sold! Puts Madoff, Ponzi and Wall Street look little league.

Blacken that chimney with the smoke of a pope.

Before the onslaught of doper "liberalism," Western Society developed the printing press and put Man on the moon.  Since, we've put tattooed women in Facebook.  I'm afraid I'll have to go with the Catholics on this one...

Calm down, people, this is not exactly world peace coming out of this party of old men with funny hats!  TV news are wasting too much time reporting it!

Hmmm

If they really had divine guidance, it they would have chosen one on the first vote.  This is parallel to the activity that Tutankahman selection process many many years ago.I'm amazed that so many decent people still cling to this twisted religion. The church is so blatantly corrupt yet they are still perceived as being righteous and holy. I just don't get it.

Calm down, democrats. You asked for gay rights and now you're whining about the consequences.

The Conclave will be using the old scientific approach to select a pope , such as "Eeny, meeny, miny, moe", You are the pope"

sin needs a new leader come over to the dark side!

If they work as fast as Obama they should have a new Pope by 2016

If I remember my mythology correctly, this next pope is supposed to be the last one before the end. So if you believe in talking snakes and omnipotent beings in the sky, then you should be happy the end is near.

They should choose someone who accepts the views of the day.  Homosexuality, group sex, pornography are all cool.  Black dudes are the best whom all white girls should be having babies out of wedlock with.  Working hard is greedy.  And abortion should be free for anyone who wants one.

I'm losing sleep over this ,Cant wait to see who is the next guy to lead the Pedophiles lie , hide money , not help the poor and watch you suckers continue to give them your money

What color is the smoke after a boy is molestered ?

Black smoke? Are they burning witches in there?"Gods" true people are not called catholic christian or jews.Romans - Chapter 9:1: say the truth in Christ, I lie not, my conscience also bearing me witness in the Holy Ghost,Rom 9:2 That I have great heaviness and continual sorrow in my heart.Rom 9:3 For I could wish that myself were accursed from Christ for my brethren, my kinsmen according to the flesh:Rom 9:4 Who are ISRAELITES; to whom [pertaineth] the adoption, and the glory, and the covenants, and the giving of the law, and the service [of God], and the promises; (Every-race-on-the-planet-are-not-israelites)

Not all bad are priests.Just most.

What's the deal with the silly hats?

the guy who suggested on wednesday that if the cards can't make a pope, they should eat more fibre- he deserves a yahoo sticker. but my posts keep disappearing,

I ran into many more child molesters in public high school and zero in Catholic grade school and I served mass for over a half a dozen priests from 4th thru 8th grade.There were two in public high school (a male math teacher who also supervised the photo club and a women phy. ed teacher who all the girls would comment about).Everyone knew about them and the school did nothing.Public school teachers are protected by unions and the school boards and they just move the teachers around to different school districts when there is an incident.Also ran into a molester in summer camp in Canada.  He was a proffessor at a public university up there who also worked at a boys camp in summer.

How much does the "church" spend on rediculous outfits a year?

Smoke signals...oh man.Guess some traditions die hard...

The church needs to stop hiding the priests who committed the terrible acts to kids, start allowing women into leadership positions, and get with the program on birth control. Despite all of these, at least the Catholic church is pro-science, which you cannot say about most religions out there.

That's religion allright... smoke and mirrors.

My vote is for a Black African Pope.Has Obama dictated who it will be yet?

I predict they will elect.. another European.

What is troubled are non Catholic writers assigned to write about Catholic subjects.

71? over 2 times the age that it took Jesus to save the world. We're not talking Genius at 71 but more like Sloth.

Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It does not dishonor others, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres. - GOD IS LOVE

If you worship a girl you'll go to hell Bill?? If you worship any god you waste a life where you you could have helped people without prejudice. I'll even help a foolish god believer but I don't hold my breath waiting for them to help me.

Pleeeease   why   is every  TV channel   broadcasting   this?  Really   I am  sick   of hearing about   it  already.     The world  does not revolve around the pope,  really   it does  not.  I  do  not give a flying fig   that  catholics  are  riveted to  the TV.    One daily 2  minuet report   is sufficient.  But  no  we will  have to  endure  program interruptions   for 20  min   of commentary   for every puff   of smoke  and another 30  min   of  history   over and over again.  Really   these are  the same religion  who  for centuries    thought  it was  ok  to  castrate boys  (  probably   not  just  for  their voices,  no  doubt  as  play toys  for  celibate priests)  Today   we see   way  too  many priests  who have a  preference for boys,  but when  you  have a religion  that  forbids marriage  to  women    it opens  the door  for  perverts  to  hide.

Talking about it all day and night must be the reason why they snap.

NOTE:   Thsi comment is taken from my archieve of comment on the RC:Hello  Folks(Protestans and others):The choosing of a pope over the centuries where one group wants an french, italian or ????pope, reminds me of the question of the apostles to Jesus of “whom is the greatest amongt us.”Folks, this supposed to be a church of a divine God, and yet its leaders keep fighting over whom should be pope on ethnicity basis.      What a joke!!!!If it’s a church of divinity (believing in the power of God) then why not sit down and prayer for a light to appear on the head of the next pope----just as it happened at Pentecost.Do you know that went they are casting the vote, they have to hold their hands hight so everyone can see that is only one vote he has in his hands.Which doing brings me to believe that at one time in the past they found that bishops used to vote with more than one vote.     Ian't that cute !!  ??      People, this suppose to be a divine Church.Those Roman Catholics, what a joke for being a religious entity  !!Why the church did not want a bible to be made/printed  ??Why the church always claims that the pope is in a direct line from St. Peter.When the church splitted, the reigning and ruling Pope at that time  went with the eastern church.  The line was then cut.    How come a direct line continued  ????The RC in Rome had to start with a new pope.Why the RC claims that Peter is buried under the big church. Peter died in 70-80 AD, the RCstarted in 313 AD when Constatine Mother started the church;  NOw, tell me, between 70 to 313 AD, they were keeping records of the place where he was buried, if he was buried ??.I am damned sure that the Romans would not allow any one to claim the body.Are roman catholics, Shi’ites or Sunni’ies  ????.Please tell me where I went wrong with my anlyisis.

The reason I have gathered all of you hypocritical, bigoted, atheist, haters here today is to say one thing. Have a blessed day. ;)The Red Drapes hanging from the second story window of the Vatican has old K-Y jelly stains,white sticky globs and '' skid marks '' !!!

Who's gonna be the next Chief Pedophile?

Perhaps Boy George?  Already has the wardrobe.  LOL

what exactly has this church ever done except to enrich its self?

Why not let God pick the new Pope? Like a game of chance,,, short straw wins... this nonsense would be over on day one...

everyday they have ran a story on how the cardnialds will elect a pope.everyday we get a different way they elect a pope.tomorow we will hear they draw the name of all the cardnials put it in a hat and whoever gets picked he will be the new pope

Such a parade, they purposefully elect an older man so he cannot shake the boat, this is a mockery of christianity.

Black smoke?? It can only mean they burned their steak!!

And the smoke is... the same color of disclosure that the pedophile-infested Church allows its congregants...  This is what happens when human beings are mandated to supress a healthy, human expression of sexuality: what God would make orgasms and sexuality so indescribably pleasurable and exact a cruel punitive measure against those who devote their lives to Him?!  You simply do not hear coverage of such extensive pedophilia in religious organizations that allow WOMEN as primary spiritual leaders, too.  Time to bring the white smoke of equality into the Catholic Church: Jesus would certainly champion equality and healthy physical expression.

The big question is: Who will the Holy Ghost decide has the divine inspiration to wear the red shoes.THIS POPE NEEDS TO BE IN A REST HOME .................

Btw, is there an interim pope while there is permanent pope?  What if the Vatican burns down when they send the smoke signal and there are no cardinals left?

Latino's were given a choice by Cortez, De Soto, Ponce De Leon, and Pizzaro, give up your gold,  and become a Christian or die.

Will the princes deal with Womens' Despair from long-term bondage and abuse by Rapist-Pigs, as chattel/sex-toys, resulting from  Annulment-denials?  It's a stupid question, right?  After all, what's in it for them?

From the news coverage, I thought they'd already been doing this!  Now we hear that they're just beginning. "They" talk about all the lapsed Catholics, lack of interest, etc. but it's being reported as if the Pope will be ruling the entire world.  I do envy them being locked up in the Sistine Chapel! What a beautiful room. When my family were there, my companion and I (two elderly women) were standing. The guards found two young men and made them give us their chairs.  It was nice of them but embarassing as well.

I hope they all remembered to bring soap and deodorant. If not, I think the Vatican commissary sells Pope On A Rope soap to help with hygiene should the conclave last more than a few days.

Catholosism or Naziism, I really don't see much difference. The problem I have with Catholosism "IS" the Pope. Why you ask? Read the Frist Commandment in the Bible, that will answer all your questions PERIODp.s. I pray to "NO ONE" but my Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ.

We are playing strip poper, If the smoke is black, he loses a piece of clothing, If its white, I lose.

so they haven't poped yet at the vatican

Have you ever seen such a collection of Grumpy Gus  types?  Jeez, a barrel of pickles would be more fun than this bunch of sourpuss men.  No wonder the church has problems relating to the rest of the world.,"the red-hatted cardinals took a solemn vow in Latin never to divulge any details of their deliberations"i guess their god speaks ONLY Latin,...DO  these people still believe Jesus as their king who turned over the tables in the temple's yard....

Orange smoke means they've elected James Holmes &amp; are willing to give him lessons in Child Molesting just to have the benefit of his superior intellect.

They've had some unusual conclaves in the past (lasting 3 years, electing a child as pope, etc.).  Let's hope this one is uneventful.

The catholic church.. the second biggest lie in the history of the world behind "don't worry babe, I will pull out in time"

The huge amount of money they spend on this ritual could feed starving children in many countries.

All the catholic haters on this board is funny, you idiots have nothing better to do?  Go watch dancing with the stars or something

Black smoke . From those lovely people that gave the world forced circumsision - mutilation on a male child without his consent . I don't think  even the  talking snake in the garden of eden would have had the ability to come up with something more  grotesque .

I wonder what they burn for white smoke? All I know is they all come out smiling.

Potential Papal names for next Pope:Hehateme - IWalkertexasranger  - IThenotoriousP.O.P.E. - I#3 - IKeepinitreal - IMainmanatvaticandotcom - IRedshoesinthehouse - IManningtotyree - IMistersmithgoestorome - IDonvito -I

If they want to be modernized for the 21st century, why isn't there a female Bishop? A woman wouldn't go along with the BS and secrets of the good 'ol boys club. I laugh at the rituals they go through, doesn't  mean a thing with all of the corruption and prejugices they hold.cheech and chong in the house...

Uppa Inna Smoka!

Something about these extravagant palaces, fancy bling, colorful and expensive costumes, security teams, bulletproof pope vehicles, secret closed door elections, not allowing women....all of it just doesn't seem very Christian to me.

lol these guys a funny as #$%$ selling  false promises and hiding terrible acts..

I thought for sure that this article was going to be about the federal government when it started to reveal facts about a bunch of old senile farts meeting in secret to determine the fate of their people.

These Cardinals are the top people in the Catholic Church, but they had to take their cell phones and computers because they cannot even be trusted to keep quite during the conclave even though they took an oath.  They even have electronic jamming devices to make sure they cannot communicate with people outside.  Why is there so much distrust of the leaders of this church by the church itself?

This is just a different spin on disgusting political BS

The Catholic Church may not be perfect, but it...or any other western religion...has been one HELL of a lot more successful over the years than the secular or mid-eastern alternatives!

No clear favorite?   So the author got that from the 115 Cardinals directly?  Or is it more garbage just like most of the stories....all based on gossip and innuendo and asking one or two people who will not be part of the voting process?

the new Pope needs to be from Colombia; spiritually and politically this is the right choiceI wonder what the child molesters will do today?

They're just doing the Black smoke to #$%$ off Al Gore.

I'm surprised that the US Congress hasn't put in all the hokey-pokey they have in the hope of FURTHER hiding THEIRinfantile and self-absorbed tactics.

This conclave production feels Twilight Zone like --- everyone ignoring the reality of the sexual abuse and cover up, thousands of  victims whose lives were changed forever...

The Vatican buys Europe's biggest Gay Bath house for 30 million this week.I mean does it get any better than this??

Go with Tony La Russa.

Honestly, the media coverage on this is insane.  The second coming of Christ wouldn't be in the news as much as this has been.

A black smoke signal ? are you kidding me ? what is this a tree house club ? what next play light as a feather stiff as a board and make a pinky swear pact?Time to quit playing games and come into the current century boys. Maybe you can help us solve some of the serious problems facing humanity.

cardinals strategizing for upcoming game with philliesstill working on who is pitching and catching

Church has a very important role to play in today's world. This said, I'm convinced that nothing will change in the Church for better unless we drop that silly smoke signal and allow all faithfull to fully participate in the pope's election.They're losing a great chance for some wonderful PR--"Catholic Idol" they could call it, with interviews of all the candidates, a talent competition, probably no swimsuit category.  And we could all vote in the new Pope by texting our votes.  This could revolutionize the Pope selection process!  We might even be able to get a woman in there. . . .

They will vote when the orgie is over.

Religions are run by people and people are prone to error.     We can only strive through spirituality for perfection as a goal which at best will be just out of reach.

So many pedophiles, but only one can be Pope.

I regards only Jesus the higher being but not any other flesh-made man.

mama mia..da speget ,she is a burnin.

Someone in there has a giant crack pipe.

They sent out for Pizza and burned the box.WOW a new pope PEPERONI!

And as a congratulatory present for whoever the new Pope is,  he will be getting an 8 year old virgin male for  his bed buddy.

Tomorrow is the talent round!Catholics do not worship the Church, Popes, Bishops or Priests. Catholics worship Jesus Christ. The church exists to help bring people to God. The Church is a human institution and therefore subject to failure just like we as people are.

smells like ganja

I also hate the people on here who say the world is messed up too, it isn't just the church. At least out in the real world child molesters are put on trial not simply moved to a different church with alter boys.

I am not Catholic,but I see the world and the media trying to destroy organized religion. At least the last two popes stood their ground against gay acceptance, abortion and women priests. The media portrays every clergyman as a pedafile while the gay life style is portrayed as normal.

Which one is evil? They all look alike.

If you are so concerned about perverts in religion, why not also look at the Episcopals, Lutherans, Methodists, Baptists...  And if really really interested, check the Mormons out; they have a curiously high rate of incest.  Or is it that you are just after the Catholic religion?

I like having an old Pope. Age brings wisdom. Wisdom youth has yet to gain because it is gained by traveling down the path of life.

So the Pope Pageant continues. Wonder who scored high in the swimsuit competition.

I guess we're lucky Congress doesn't do black smoke every time they can't decide on something...

Just so you secular atheist lefty lib MSM types know, the chances for a new Pope are 115 : 1 with only a 2/3 majority needed to ordain the new prince of the Catholic church! Everything else is pure SPECULATION and worthless drivel!#$%$ Religions! Especially the satanist and devil worshipers. Lame excuses for Humans

Doesn't black smoke polute?

When 10 naked choir boys come running out the front doors of the Cistine Chapel naked you'll know the Cardinals are through.

I just wish that the church would not be so strict.  Let the priests get married and lead normal lives.How can they give marriage counseling when they haven't even been married?

What nonsense.

Guards have reported a sweet-smelling smoke, as well as The Doobie Brothers tunes emitting from behind the locked doors.C-Pup

If the Obama lovers on here are so anti-Catholic,  that may be a religion worth looking into.

The Vatican needs to hire some native Americans to handle the smoke signal stuff.

No one ever expected the spanish inquistion.

This has been going on for thousand years.No one in america cares and the new pope isn't going to make any big changes or shake anything up.Now quit wasting so much time on reporting and focus on americas debt.Pope John Paul II owned up to and apologized for all the atrocities the catholic church is responsible for.

My wife's cousin (distant) is a cardinal. It will be interesting to see if he became pope. I would have a direct hotline to the Lord.

It shows how stupid they are. Would it be easier to announce it when they got the pope?

The only ones that seem to care about the next pope is the media and catholic church....meet the new boss same as the old boss.

All the Cardinals were just enjoying a fattie after working all day.

"Wherever the bishop shall appear, there let the multitude [of the people] also be; even as, wherever Jesus Christ is, there is the Catholic Church." - Ignatius of Antioch (ca. 35 or 50-between 98 and 117).Ignatius is one of the five Apostolic Fathers (the earliest authoritative group of the Church Fathers). He based his authority on being a bishop of the Church, living his life in the imitation of Christ. It is believed that St. Ignatius, along with his friend Polycarp, with great probability were disciples of the Apostle St. John.

The French cardinals are lucky Pierre!

I bet Obama can't wait to see who wins so he will at least know who he will be ignoring for four years.  "There is nothing more beautiful that the morning call to prayer."  Barack Obama speaking about living near a mosque.

I have an idea, instead of having a sinful man pray to God to forgive our sins, why we don't all pray directly to God instead.... Wouldn't that make more sense? Oh, the pope and his priests are not going to have a job anymore... Too bad

They haven't found someone with enough charisma to convince the sheeple that nothing's wrong with those priests who got transferred for screwing the altar boys.How many young boys did the next pope molest?

Child sex scandals worldwide, infighting about gay prostitutes. I thought god was all powerful .Pat Robertson is a right wing nut, reverend schuler and his family airing dirty laundry. Its all a bunch of baloney

The games people play, and their membership just eat it up. It is more about power than it is about there personal salvation. The Catholic Church is what God considers the "Mother of all Harlet's" found on almost every continent of this Earth.

Yeah, I know I'm not the only one to see the similarity of the conclave meeting in the Sistine Chapel walking in and taking their place -- with the scenes from Hogwarts. I wonder who the "Choosing hat" will say is the best candidate for Pope. LOL.

Take a look at this picture. THAT is what IS perverted about this cult. White ,old men who have NO CLUE.

....along with pedophile molester protector Rodger Mahoney!f'n sum bag!  burn in hell Rodg!

The Church has been beset by woes for over 2,000 years..........Its first Pope, St. Peter himself, was crucified upside down. The Church will go on.............there are far more good clergy and faithful in it than the others. Something like the governments.

Can I be the new, Pope?

how about finally allowing Catholic priests to marry. this celibacy farce is half the reason we are in this mess to begin with.

Troubled? I'm so happy to see that Reuters is suddenly concerned about the Catholic Church........so, I'm guessing they can't "play" with each other while they are doing this voting thing....  hopefully, they will discover who is what in this thing and get rid of them!!!   These guys are a bunch of nasty old men and they all should have things cut off if they want to be priests!!! That way they won't be "tempted" and certainly can't "do" much to little boys!!!   The lot of them are a bunch of sickos.............surely, there are some REAL God fearing men among these and not the sick twisted perverts that seem to  run rampant in this devil of a religion!!!!!!!

This might sound basic to most of us, but catholicism doesn't understand... when someone rapes a child, CALL 911...

A mass gathering of PEDOPHILES! RUN little boys, RUN!

hope none of the votes come from Florida.They could be there a while.

It is all theater, they can't pick the pope on the first day because then it would seem like they did it too hasty. This church is all about atmosphere, speeches, artwork, lighting, traditions... it is a huge Broadway play for the naive and stupid!

in a blind taste test, i wonder if we'll be able to taste the difference between classic pope and new pope.

To those of you who want the Church to be liberal, accept gay priest and bishops, women priests and accept same sex marrieges: we already have that; it is called the church of england whose head is the queen - they are doing really well, not!

you'll finda da pope inna da pizza. Father Guido Sarducci

watching the parade of cardinals.........sickens me.....   IMAGINE how many children have been molested ,    I m quite sure each one of those  "souless men"   know  the pedophiles in the church.....  may God have mercy on you in your search for another Man to Hide Your Secrets,  Your Sins,   the lie that has become this church....

I wonder if the Cardinals would be able to elect a new pope without Yahoo! posting 9 different articles on it in one day?The so called secularists would prefer the imposition of their own religion of P.C. , racial preferances, sexual perversions and idiosyncracies, protection of the most vulnerable, whom I would assume would include murderers, perverts, child molesters, the disabled, the poor, homeless, and liberals as well as the brainless. I am surprised that they are critical of priests who molest children since they do fall in their protected  categories. Perhaps they are dis-enfranchised in the liberal hierarchy because they are not part of their relgion. Fear regresives, not, when they leave the preisthood, they do all become liberals, and swell your ranks in order to spread pestilence and chaos.

A few weeks ago lighting struck the Vatican while a newscaster did a story. Today similar weather there. God is trying to tell us something. What is it He is not pleased with?

they might be burning classified Popal documents

I wouldn't be too eager myself to see my final day of wearing pants. Popes must always wear a Dress until he abdicates or dies. I think it bring out the woman in the Pope, huh?

Just a costume and jewelry.....apparently that's all it takes to fool the masses.  There is no one sacred holy leader.....we are all sacred.....the entire planet is sacred....wake up!

I watch the procession on CNN and I kept thinking  to myself, where did they find that many fossilized drag queens, with matching gowns and headdresses.

@ mike, absurd statement. Joining a church is voluntary. How is it exploitation? I am not Catholic. But like all human endeavors, religion has good and bad. Government is wrost of all. Government by its nature is involuntary subjection of all to the will of the then extant majority. PC is the extreme personafication of this principle, where of people of all ilk, stupid and bright, impose their own neurosis and peeves on everyone else.

I was raised a Catholic but fell away from all religion 30 years ago.  Now I can only see this as an archaic, peculiar, and somewhat terrifying ritualistic cult.

The "Dream Pope" will look like Obama according to internet polls. The Bible will need to be rewritten in Ebonics though and start, "GIVE ME FIVE, SOUL SIDE, GIVE ME MORE, ELBOW, KNEE CAP, AN'THER SLAP.

I always thought black smoke meant, too rich a fuel mixture and white smoke was bad rings.  Goes to show you how much I know about Catholics.You know, the Lord Jesus Christ WOULD NOT approve of you people thumbing others down!!  It's not Christlike Christian for Christs sake!! (what the hell's wrong w/ you haters?)

Turn on all the Bay Lights where all the Cardinals are supposenly sleeping and say, "AH HAH".

The Catholic Church believes in Science and the Big Bang.  foxbots believe the word was created three weeks ago.

There is so much hate and contempt on these blogs. Where is the LOVE folks? Where is the forgiveness; the grace and mercy? We are called, not actually we are COMMANDED to love one another and to love our neighbors as ourselves. What a wonderful world it would be if we could follow that.

If its green smoke, they broke out the dank!

If you think that defending pedophilia is the same as defending Jesus...then you are really brainwashed!!!!

The next pope needs to rid the church of pedophiles asap and end celibacy for priests. The church members have spoken and this is what they want and there are not enough priests especially in europe and the united states to keep functioning- if they do not make these changes it will be more of the same old sick scandel's that are driving catholics away from their church and their schools if not they are just wasting their time and ours

You can't have good without evil to define it.

Oh! What suspense!!!

I wonder if Jesus is impressed with all this pompousness?like voting for a new captain of the titanic after it hit the iceberg.

I just hope they vote for someone who is young enough to deal with all the problem's....

Who cares? They're just gonna pick some guy to hide the lies and pedophiles in the church. It's a good day to be a Methodist.

The first few votes are always "social" votes for your friends and benefactors.

33AD, Jesus healed the sick, taught people how to improve their lives, and get into heaven...and they nailed him to a cross for it.interesting that 2000 years later, people still do the same to Jesus's successor.  So much for evolution.

These pedophile priests are polluting the environment-------The black smoke means, all the sins of the Catholic Church.

Error... the smoke seen was the Church burning more evidence of its wrong doings.

Where's there's smoke there's pope.

Does anybody else think this whole pope thing is being blown out of proportion?  It's not like Jesus is coming back to hand pick him.  Besides, there is no biblical basis for the papacy anyway.

fake, phoney pedophile "men of God" with their goofy hatsMust be the society of dead jesus again...just look at all their crosses...ughh!

They were probably just letting the cigar smoke out of the room!

Black smoke and then they ordered out for pizza.

Mainstream media eats this up (it's mushy and you don't need any teeth).

Correction:::::  Cardinals  head to the conclave to elected a Pope "NOT for a troubled Church"-- but (instead)---"For a TROUBLED WORLD"" !

Smoking aint allowed in the boys room.

The funny thing is, now there are how many candidates? Not one very well known or more important than the next. Then one will be chosen, most likely the most popular, and then given a title. After one of these candidates gets the title, then he'll suddenly become some super special person that everyone will want to bow down to treat as though he is a god.But today that same person is a nobody, and nobody outside the Vatican really knows his name, or thinks of him in any special way.Interesting how people think.

Come on God... quit dragging your feet and make a choice! Who is the Vicar of Jesus?

OMG no Pope! Will the world go on?

How many atheists does it take to screw in a light bulb?None. Atheists don't see the light.Every day the Catholic church is responsible for feeding more people, clothing more people, housing more people, and giving medical treatment to more people than any other organization on earth ever has.

Church beset by woes? You can say that again! In all likelihood despite their best efforts to the contrary this will probably be the Pope that's the foretold defector from the faith. I personally believe he will be able to unite the Eastern Orthodox with the Roman church as referenced by the 2 horns. Time will tell.

let me stick my neck out here. It will take a VERY long time to elect a new pope, if ever. There was a reason why Benedict resigned. The Catholic Church is in shambles, and this time was even foretold. I'm no prophecy nut, but those who are claim he might have been the last Pope, and the future holds great turbulence in world affairs.

STUPID.

what's all that giggling i hearyou don't suppose they're blowing smoke up each others'...........

Do all of you making comments here insult Jews, Protestants, Hindus, Buddhists, Sikhs, Muslims, etc. equally?  Or do you just wish to lash out at the faith that 1/4 of Americans say they belong to?

Guess they keep stoking up the hookah til the stuff comes out with white smoke.  Either that or they are cremating the candidates they don't like.

If the Catholic Church "isnt Christian", as some claim, almost no church is. With the exception of the Coptic Church, every Christian faithnhas its roots either in the Catholic Church or in a church which has ITS roots in the Catholic ChurchBTW, I am NOT Catholic, I'm merely anti-nonsense

vote for the pope?  them old dudes are smoking WEED, and lots of it

Why don't they just what their secular counterparts would do?  Declare bankruptcy, liquidate assets, lay off all paid workers, and the top big shots pocket billions and retire like royalty?Is Mooschelle Obozo nominated?

Cardinals don't need a Pope they need a Quaterback

take some of the ridiculous sums spent on the whole papal circus/lifestyle and do some tangible good for the faithful poor Catholics of the world

one for you, one for me, two for you one, two for me, three for you, one two three for me.

These Perverts are in there playing Church and 1.6 billion poor deluded people think that what they do has something to do with God.  It really appears that the Catholics read the Bible one time and said " I think we can do things exactly opposite from what God says and we can get a lot of people to believe us"  It has worked.  They have fooled way too many people.  If the average Catholic will pick up their bible and begin to read and study on their own, they will see that this entire belief system is wrong.  Mary, little statues, Popes, Saints don't do anything but confuse people.  The only way to please God is to believe in the Blood of Jesus.

Darn, I hoped this was a done deal so something else would be on the news.

Hey Catholics!Please explain to me why these guys love to wear purple.Thanks in advance.

for me, black smoke as I'm coming down my street means my dinner was burnt...

I hope they're not as bad as our Congress.....we'll NEVER get a new pope...not to mention all the polution from the thick black smoke...sheesh, can't they just do a press release like everyone else?

If serving Jesus means protecting and defending pedophiles... then you must be a catholic.Black smoke, they must be smocking black pipes

I like Pope SiCola.

All it signified is that the papal body that elects the pope has finished their bong/blunt session and they are now high enough to take their outfits and jobs seriously.

Because God  knows pretty well that none of the candidates has a clean heart worthy to lead the flock.

Glory be to the father, to the son and to the holy spirit. As it was in the beginning, it is now and ever shall be, world without end. Amen.

1 Samuel 20:32 "Why should he be put to death? What has he done?" Jonathan asked his father.

Any chance there is a guy out there by the name of Sicola in the running?

Serious question, why does anyone care about an old man, hundreds of miles away? Because you where taught to growing up? I just don't see the point of bowing down to any man, sorry.

It's all smoke and mirrors until the Catholic church cleans up its act....

WHAT a ridiculous cult!  All this nonsense is laughable!Isn't culture amazing, in Rome they rely on white or black smoke to tell the world they elected a new pope. In the united states, people simply start vandalizing and burning buildings, cars, shooting each other and beating the cr*p out of each other based on thier race card for something as important as a national basketball championship.

DOESN'T the 'holy spirit' speak to them simultaneously with the same message???  Or are they tuned in to different 'holy spirit' wave lengths and getting different messages?

The Catholic Church is one big Ponzi scheme

I hope they have that stove hooked up right.  That's a lot of smoke.  Can't imagine the kind of damage that would do to the artwork inside there.  Also, there does seem to be something a bit absurd about waiting for a smoke signal while watching it on the internet.   lol

So how do they get the smoke of different colors?

I can't take the excitement!!!!!!!!

Until the Catholic church deals with the criminal element in their fold in a biblical manner...the problems will not get better within the Vatican and the Catholic church.

Be still my beating heart.  Odilo, I am coming!

to the cardinalsthat  elect the next pope will bring back the Latin trinitine mass!!!! thats what I grew up with was more like the MASS not how fast we can get it over. also no MORE civilians handling the body and blood of our lord ONLY the priest should be doing that!!! also get the nuns and brothers and priests back in habits. when we had these and all traditions Vocations were hi the Rectory,Convent and friary were full no parish had to borrow or farm out a priest and we DID NOT HAVE THE PROBLEMS. we are now having .when the Latin and traditions were tossed and the guitars and kumbya brought in the problems hit us like a FREIGHT TRAIN.I was alter boy during the time before all this modern stuff(1960s) and was a alter from1966 7Y/O at 1st communion to 1972 at14 Y/O when got too big for he surplice and NO priest ever never touched a hair on my or any alter boys head and was a vehicle for vocations

Only when a loved one has been abused by catholic priests, do you really feel how awful these pedophiles actions are. It is amazing to me how people flock to the Vatican to worship people like this. It makes me sick to my stomach to see these people being treated like royalty..smiling and relishing the attention with their gold rosaries wrapped around their necks. Rest in hell.. archbishop lucas and deacon mcneil.all those beautiful garments.   looking at them just screams somethings wrong here.

next pontiff will almost certainly pursue their fierce defense of traditional moral teachings.He must establish and then defend a tradition of moral actions! The time for "talk" is long since past!

New Pope, same olde. same olde!  If they real want change they'd elect a woman, a Ms. Pope.  Religion has got to get over this misconception that God thinks less of female than he does of males.  It's real only males that envision God as a man; because it suites their swagger!  Anyone with half a brain realizes that God has no gender; think about it why would God need either sex or an heir; it's not like Our Lord going to abdicate!

and the bidding is now open . . do I hear 500,000 euros? . .500,000 euros opening bid . .is there a  . . .650,000 euros?  . . . yes! . . . 675,000 . . going fast . . is there a bid? . . . 3 million euros? . . 3 million going once . . going twice . . . going threes times . .SOLD! . .to that arab looking guy in the corner . . .

Bet they don't pick Mitt either!!!

Look at the Mormons, now that is a well run business or cult if you like but they are growing at a rate 2nd only to Islam

How many homosexuals does it take to demean the Roman Catholic Church?Answer:  They all demean priests for conducting themselves as they do, one and all.

boys club!

I'LL BE SO GLAD WHEN THEY ELECT THIS '''FOOL '' , BE IT A CARDINAL ,   OR BLUE AY , SPARROWS ,  .I FOR ONE AM SICK AND TIRED OF HEARING ABOUT THIS ''' CULT ''' THIS CLOWN IS CONNECTED TO CATHOLICS  AND THEM ALONE . I COULD GIVE A CHIT WHO IS A POPE , THE MAN IS NO CLOSER TO GOD THAN A NORMAL CHRISTIAN IS ............   WHY ALL THE  FUSS OVER A MAN IN A SHEET , ROBE ,WITH A HOOD , BIG CAP ........  ENOUGH IS ENOUGH ..............PLEASE KEEP THE CHIT OFF TV........

Spicoli is in the tower with them, I see the smokethey got the "con" part of conclave right. catholics are a con on the world. and there's a bunch of pederast child-raping cons in the church.

If the pope truly is the vicar of Christ, you would think he would use such awesome power and glory to rid the world of evil.

When is the Catholic church going to stop pretending that there is any such thing as celibacy, it is a lie, they are all doing something, if the priests would just have sex with each other or consenting adults who would care? at least the innocent children would be spared.

Now i understand that any religions has a big interest of Money.

Since all of god's LAW GIVERS are congregating in Rome, let's have a good, old Inquisition, and find out what's really going on in the RCC.....

No way did GOD ever mean for his place of worship to become what the catholic church has become! Rich fat child molesters living off poor people!

Lock up all the Cardinal  #$%$ for life.

Obama has declared himself most exhaulted &amp; Pope!

I thought the Cardinals were in spring training.

Pullin hits in the towerCan the Cardinals still have a good season after interrupting spring training this way?

The Catholic Church had better stop all of this nonsense if it wants to exist 50 years from now.  Blowin' smoke, indeed !

If the leaders are representatives of their people, then I must assume that all male Catholics like to "play" with kids.

ANY human being (or animal ) found in the act of child molestation they have NO place in society PERIOD. I'll bet the prisons would be standing room only if ALL the pedophiles were grabbed out of the Vatican. !!! Not to mention priests outside of the Vatican in many of the Catholic churches.

Blue smoke signals another supporter of a pedophilia.

But sadly, the two frontrunners appear to be more of the same: Focus on being everyone's bedroom police while ignoring clerical child molestation.

So they are locked in the Sistine Chapel. Do they order take out? Taco Bell? McDonald's?  Domino's Pizza is a favorite I bet.

The Holy Roman Church needs a man of god, one who follows God's commandments, his word and with the help of the Holy Spirit, will oversee this church into this new century...

2000 years of misogyny, torture, exploitation and greed

what a sham, All those poor people tithing their hard earned money so these bunch of outdated religious leaders can continue the facade of the Catholic religion, dressing up like idiots and fondling young children. I have no respect nor can I support a religion that harbors pedophiles.."And the winner is?"

Papal Enclave?More like the Global NAMBLA convention.

Hope it's not Peter from Africa. If so that will be the last pope.I think one of the prerequisites is that you have to be butt ugly as well...

Tell me what you see in this picture with the Cardinals ....    in ancient times the Bishop of Roman was an equal among the other Bishops ( Alexandra, Constantanople, etc) --- When pagan Roman Emperor Constantine decided to stop the in-house fighting among the Christians and pick one to represent the Christians in his government -- he picked the Roman Bishop mainly due to their geographic closeness...   Thus you saw the development of today`s Church based around the Pope `First Bishop`....So what you see in this picture isn`t religious pious --- it`s power, prestiage and wealth...Which is exactly why the Church has protected itself all these centuries regarding sex abuse ....  so as not to rock the boat....How sad that they deceive us.. and that so many fall for it.

Hopefully, the cardinals will elect a pope who is healthy...

Pharisees and Sadducee's galore!....................Sickening!

I can't believe that in this day and age, grown men still don stupid looking hats &amp; robes.  Does God require goof hats?

May the Lord anoint his new divine servant by His grace and mercy. Amen!His salvation is needed ever more eminent in this sinful world. Amen!

Wonder what they have fer dinner in there....and can they bring snacks?

The Church has been beset by scandals from day one. Just open to the Christian scriptures and read the laments of St. Paul! The fact is that it is still the Church founded upon St. Peter and protected by Christ against the Gates of Hell.May be it's the altar boys they burned.

Watching a Vatican smoke stack is as exciting as watching a smoke stack.

Did you all know that right after they elected Pope John Paul 1 (not 2) as Pope, he wanted to give the Vatican's wealth to all of the poor people of the world. He then mysteriously died.

It'd be better if they all just burned in there and that smoke was their justice.  Every one of them had at least one, if not dozens, of molesters under their jurisdiction and each and everyone of them is guilty of aiding and protecting these #$%$.

1.2 BILLION catholics,a BILLION of which are under 60 let 115 old farts over a hundred years old average decide their leadership,which will be some dude 95% of them never even heard of? Troubled Church?NAY,Hopeless.

I don't pretend to know a lot about the Catholic religion, but how is it that members of this church can be pedophiles and they haven't been publicly arrested?  I keep reading that everyone hopes the new Pope will clean up all the "strife and scandal".  Does any one really think he's going to be any different?  How long will this cover-up continue?

Is that in St. Louis or Phoenix?

Most Cardinals are Still from Europe. Europe has 61 Cardinals that are eligible to vote for a new pope, while North American and Latin America have a combined 33, and 28 of those Cardinals in Europe are Italians. That's almost 1/4 of the total electors of 117. I know that everyone wants to see a pope from Latin America, or even the United States, but I am calling it right,.... We'll see an Italian Pope.

The white smoke means they have picked up the bong

I stopped going to church many years ago. I look forward to some long awaited changes. I hope it happens with the new Pope. I pray he is young and full of energy. I pray he will take the Catholics in a new direction of peace.If anyone should pick a Pope, it should be the Giants, not the Cards.

Will they make pink smoke if they elect a gay Pope?

what a freaky little cult.

There are three major political parties in the U.S. Democrats, Republicans and Catholics.

OBEY...........SUBMIT.........HONOR APATHY.......NO INDEPENDENT THOUGHT.....CONSUME......STAY ASLEEP.......DO NOT QUESTION AUTHORITY.

The  Vatican is full of evil men.Nothing to do with Jesus Christ that's for sure...Don't be fooled

Are there any intelligent people in here at all?

The Lord works in mysterious ways. Regardless of the idiots in media "forecasts"

The Catholic Church was founded by Pagans, who had heard the message of Jesus, but had never seen a Bible.

So, who is going to be Peter the Roman, the very last pope before Rome is destroyed?It will certainly be an Italian, maybe one with a peter.LOL.What's the over/under on a North American Pope? Anyone got the line?

Ooooo I just can't wait until Moochelle Obama makes the announcement of who the next Pope is.

Tax the Church!!!  They are no longer a holy institution; they're a business.  It's all about money to them, so let's see some taxes being paid!!

Sure seems strange that the "liberal" thinkers of today find it necessary to keep repeating their attacks on and disrespect for others' religious POV, especially when they have "freed themselves" from the "bonds of religion" ...considering that their demography is over 100 times as likely to produce a pedophile as the Catholic Church.

hope they elect someone that will stand up to obama

I've been to the Vatican several times, sometimes for purposes of art appreciation only. Don't forget that treasures you see there are not products of the modern day Church. Geniuses like Michelangelo were sponsored by Renaissance nobility 500 or so years ago. Ironically, what you see is so valuable that it's actually worthless to thieves. If the magnificent Pieta could be stolen, who would be stupid enough to buy something they could never get away with?

Obama will be the next Pope.

Looks like a lot of bloggers are upset with Justin Biebers antics and are taking it out on a church. Nothing like spreading hate and dsicontent to make yourself feel better about your fallen idol

The caps are to hide the head.

How many altar boys are required for a conclave?I've been reading these blogs for a couple of weeks now and I am simply amazed at the hopelessness and despair that must be in people's lives... I know of no other reason for all the hate they spew everyday at something that actually should be of no concern to them if they really feel the way they write...  there must be something missing in their own little lives of desperation for them to take the time to read the articles and then try to come up with new ways to show their ignorance about what is happening.

This whole popel thingey, garhering of the cardinals, the vatican, the catholic church. Just one big circus. And blowing smoke rings. I think if it comes out pink, pink Floyd has a concert going on. This whole thing is better than cartoons or the funny papers. This is getting funnyier by the hour.

I will bet that the Next Pope will UNDOUBTEDLY be A Black Guy.  They seem to have claimed This Century for Themselves.

As usual, the anti-Christians are here once again to puke put their angry vile attacks, false accusations, and just plain lies! The ignorant fools never realize they're just a tool for evil.

In other news, reports find Sistene Chapel's chimney, a direct link to global warming. God is #$%$!

"Secret conclave" -- are they talking about the selection of the Pope or the way Obama forms policy??

Your telling me this isn't a cult. Old men wearing dresses and slippers is very gay to me...

Black smoke ?  Gray smoke ?  Are we living in the friggin' 11th century or somethin'?

I bet if there was a sequester to sell off 10% of the Church's holdings if no pope after the first vote, we wouldn't wait around very long for the next one.

Do you think one day Libtards will force the Catholic Church to appoint a Mormon or a Muslim?  You know out of diversity sake.Misguided humans are the only guilty men who have moved within the world's churches as wolves seeking the chance to destroy what they make everyone around them believe they protect. The faith will be everyone's salvation and not the trust in one single man. The Catholic Institution as a whole has done a remarkable job helping all those in need andthat could not be overshadow by the behaviors of a few. For the better future of our world, every single soul should be hoping and praying (if you can) for a great leader of this Universal Church.

I'm glad it's secret, I wouldn't want to see the swimsuit competition.

the breathless around the clock coverage of a pope elections is tiresome.  seriously.  I'm sure only half of actual catholics even care.  most of the rest of us are tired of being subjected to this nonsense.

1.2 billion catholic around the world, I guess would cause allot of hate and fear for the all Religious bigots

Hopefully they'll elect a pope that will work hard to rid the church of child molesters.

Why do you haters have to persecute pedophiles... they have feelings too!

Obama is having one of these chimneys installed at the WH. That way he won't have to talk to anyone.

How is a baseball team from Saint Louis supposed to help the freaking Vatican?

Religions are all smoke and mirrors.

no pope or did they burn the toast again?Wouldn't it be funny if they kept voting for themselves each time.

Father Guido Sarducci for the Pope. Mamma Mia ! Fuhgetaboutit!!

and when the little puff of white smoke goes up I can see all the people jumping around like wild animals not even KNOWING who the new "pope" is.What can't they get on with their day or lives without a "pope"?  sad! really pathetic.I mean seriously, so many people so desperately deceived.

You don't want a black pope, that would be cruel to the alter boys... they aren't used to that size of a package.

I just don't understand Catholics anymore.  How do they avoid seeing the sexual predators, pedophiles, human trafficking and the general hypocrisy of their leaders?  Are they so driven by fear and guilt, that they wait until "the second coming" to address wrong doing?  Please, if there is a Catholic, past or present, that could shed some light, I wish you would respond.

What is amazing about Catholics is they say they don't have many pedophiles... they say that protestants killed more witches than they did, they say that the Inquisition wasn't because of the church but a couple of bad guys, they say that they weren't responsible for stealing gold from the Indians, they will say anything... no matter how fictitious it is to justify themselves.

What OTHER organization in the civilized world, with more than a billion devotees (and millions of potential victims), would be allowed to aid and abet pedophilia and sex crimes without consequence?

Two conservative popes failed to reform the Curio. Surprise, surprise. The problem wasn't JP or Benedict, it was their conservative belief system. They simply lacked the ability to fix the problem and instead made things worse. The same can be said of conservatives in the US. They too always make things worse. They cut taxes and promised balanced budgets. Balanced budgets never happen but the tax cuts created trillions in more debt. They took us to war using a pack of lies and then didn't have what it took to get us out of their wars.  Endless failure marks conservatism wherever it exists...in the papacy and in governments.  But is it worse? Are conservatives not only wrong all the time, but are they wrong because they're delusional? Many of us think so.

I will never understand how a baseball team from St. Louis gets to pick the next pope.

Black smoke means stems or seeds in the bongWhy is it always the atheists who say nasty things about christianity?

our election was black smoke too.

Fill-out your Pope Brackets - March Madness begins.

The Next and Final Pope===========Peter Romanus (then Jesus returns)St. Malachy's Prophecy===========Canonized (Catholic Prophecy of Popes)Google=======================St. Malachy's Prophecy

That's because Dennis Rodman's plane has not landed yet. Tomorrow we get a new Pope.

i saw a cardinal chasing a young boy near the choir lofthe finally caught him by the organ

Well children will be safe today. Esp. lil boys

Black smoke!?  Have all the virgins been accounted for?  I guess it's time to hit the gay sauna the Vatican recently purchased - good investment - now they can all get a nice massage by the pool boy of their choice.  Don't get too comfortable, though, the next sacrifice is right around the corner.

Italians.  Mexicans.  What's the difference?  Just saying...

my sister pinched the hell out of me for leaning whikek nealing for prayer.  i forget if it was at home or at church.  i was always getting it from the righteous.There was lot's of smoke in Benghazi on 9/11 some the color of death.

2 words - who cares?

How many people are going to die from that black smoke in their lungs?How stupid............................old men playing dress up like the masons.Another pedophile?

Passing one of my favorite diners, I saw some white smoke coming form the chimney.  I later learned that they hired a new short-order cook.

Catholic Church= Frauds

Why don't they just use the phone? Oh right,they need to perpetuate their "mysticism" and supersticious nonsense. If I wore a hat like that I'd probably get my #$%$ kicked.

Are you sure they are not burning valuable abuse documents ?

"Bad Weed!"

What about priests that have relations with women in the church and the nun?

It means go home and come back tommorrow now time for spaghetti and winedinner.Time to evolve, people.  Popes and Royal Families are fodder for knuckle-draggers.  What early century are you living in?

Pope sounds like a false idol.

Why not get the President of NAMBLA to be the next Pope.  It only makes sense.

Maybe they sparked up the old Conclave bong?

How can a church led by an "infallible" Holy See be so "beset with woes"?? With an omniscient and omnipotent god to help an infallible pope, a reasonable and honest person has to wonder what in the Sam Hell is going on. It just seems that omniscience, omnipotence and infallibility just aren't what they used to be.

Look at the parade of these men in silk and satin robes,towering hats and poses of piety and think of Jesus,the church HE founded and simply ask yourself "Is this, that?" NO! get out of her before it is too late.

It doesn't look good. There were 119 votes cast, and everyone voted for themselves...

The black smoke comes from burning evidence papers about child molesters. :)

the world is on pins and needles awaiting the new pedophile in chief

All this select a new pope stuff, what an absurdity.I don't think they can figure out who molested the least amount of altar boys.  This may take a while.

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz

HOW ABOUT A NICE FRESH YOUNG POPE

For all you religion haters...atheists killed more people in the 20th century than religious people have throughout history.  Mao...Stalin...Pol Pot...Castro...Kim De Jung...(Hitler was not a committed atheist but Hitler had privately negative views of Christianity according to several that were close to him and could hardly be classified as "religious")

End the church, these freaks in their holloween costumes do NOTHING good in the world, and they never have. They're responsible for plenty of deaths, abused childred, and financial crimes, but that's about it.

dolan refuses to vote unless they make him pope

If they were allowed to have a "normal" sex life" there would be alot less bad priests. They are a bunch of depraved old men.

I hope the democrats win. Or the republican, no real difference.

Funny how those who claim to hate the catholic Church ARE EVEN THE ONES KEEPING VIGIL in expectation of the smoke! Whether you like it or not, the CATHOLIC CHURCH will continue to grow. That the Catholic Church is shrinking in your country does not mean it is shrinking in mine. I AM PROUD TO BE A CATHOLIC AND YOU CAN'T DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT!

If God wanted a pope he would pick him.Smoke and mirrors!!!

What does a pope do besides gloat over all the riches the Catholic church has that will never be used to help any of the suffering people of the world?Troubled? What do they have to be troubled about?Vatican City is richer than God!

How is worshiping the pope any different than worshiping celebrities? They're still false idols, they still don't know anything more than you.

I pray...............

Who care!

Does not matter what color smoke comes out. It's ALL smoke and mirrors anyway. Voodoo, hocus-pocus, dog and pony carnival event. The weak, unfulfilled, dependent will always be around to keep this cult in business.

any questions, yes, you over in the corner with the young boy..are we still allowed to eat meat on fridays?

OMG. Look at the pollution!

This is ridiculous!  WHO CARES!

April 1st is a few days away.What are the menus?

What is in a name likeBringham Young, err. Bring Them Young!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The Vatican is fully aware of the crimes they have committed on humanity since the church was formed but insists on maintaining their status. What does that say about their followers?

When I see these cardinals I see all show and no substance.  Everything about them is so grandiose, their clothes, their hats, their jewlery, etc... but they are empty.

This is nothing but a lot of wasted news time on a sleezy pack of petifiles. You Catholics are stupid.

Cardinals head to conclave to elect pope for troubled Church -- the Church is not troubled, it is doomed.  Until they clean out the perverts, without exception, they are doomed to extinction.  Name names, have them publicly prosecuted and thrown in jail.  Then, and only then, is there a chance of recovering from this monumental failure.

When all one sees, for all one's miserable life,  is the next sphincter,  it seems necessary to constantly attack those who achieve a higher purpose...

A Catholic gal was dating a Baptist guy, and they kept trying to convert each other. The gal won, he decided to convert to her religion. Her mom asked her: why are you so sad? She replied: he wants to be a priest!

The  were  just  testing  the  smoker  with a  pound  of Acapulco  gold, the  real  vote  will come  once  they get over the coughing  fit.

What's the matter with those cardinals? Don't they realize that people on vacation in Rome want to see white smoke before they have to leave?As the universe expands there is more room for more souls to fill it with.

Why is the Pope afraid of dying????? Isn't he suppose to be heavens ambassador????? Why does the Pope have a Popemobile with bulletproof glass if he is saved by being a catholic?

The only way I would care is if the black smoke was the result of roasting the last pope to make pork sausage. What  bunch of rodeo clowns!

Pope's robe : $4,000............Pope's gold walking cane : $2,500........Pope's gold coffee cup: $1,400........Getting to ride in the POPEMOBILE: priceless

So where can I get me one of those Post-Hole Digger hats..?

It just occurred to me as I scrolled down and saw some other links that as far as I can remember a Pope has never been chosen with so many recently reporter meteor strikes and more are expected. Also of note is a comet by the sun.It's been 600 years since a Pope resigned and around that time weren't there some notable predictions about an end time defector from the faith?It's also coincidental that eventually the former Pope will have a place in the Vatican - in the sight of the new Pope.I'm beginning to think I may never get to collect my social security and not just because the government is broke.

Let the Holy Sprit guide them.

Oh lord save our dear church by leading it to appoint the right pontif now.amen.

The real meaning of the black smoke - they need more alter boys.

Black smoke signals no pope.In the United states we elected a black man who hasn't stopped blowing smoke.Average Cardinal Age 71 ? Jesus was how old ? Who has done most for God ? Who asked for religion ? The father son and holy ghost do fine without out it .

I find it difficult to believe the lack of personal integrity used in when electing a new Pope. Measures are put in place at the Vatican to preclude dishonesty amongst the leadership. The Cardinals are frisked (like TSA) before entering the enclave, Why ?, because they can't be trusted to not bring-in electronic recording or transmitting devices. When voting they have to hold their slip of paper in their hand above their head . Why ?, to prove that they are not voting more than once. Cardinals simply "opt-out" to vote because of their personal sexual escapades. If they don't have enough personal honesty and integrity to even vote for a leader what does that say about the leadership as a whole ? Somehow I don't think Jesus would approve (extreme understatement).  The fish rots from the head down.

Why do we have to have this religeous bulls-ih shoved down our throats on everything from newspapers to the internet?  Only the catholics believe they are the ONLY church.

Todays March 12 daily devotional by Dr. Billy Graham says....Jesus warned that people "will have to give account on the day of Judgment for every careless word they have spoken" (Matthew 12;36). Those are sobering words.But the answer to reckless words isn't to try to keep silent! Instead, the Bible says, we should seek to do good with our speech: "The tongue of the wise brings healing." Think back over the people who have encouraged or helped you over the years. Weren't they examples of this proverb?Remember: Jesus Christ wants to be ruler over every part of our lives--including your tongue.Reckless words pierce like a sword, but the tongue of the wise brings healing(Proverbs 12:18). Shalom

John Boehner would make an excellent pope.....he looks the part...

Smoke billowing out the chimney looks like a scene from the Munsters..just add the Munster theme music!

Europe is rapidly becoming seculariized, and the US is right behind them looking at this garbage it is easy to see why.

Occults are so funny in there traditions..............................Yes I said OCCULT, that is what the Catholic Church is. There sure not members of the Body of Christ, Jesus makes that perfectly clear in REVELATION....;-(

People a little help here - I was born and raised in an Italian Catholic home (that's like being double Catholic) - I have a very groovy relationship with God  - but I do NOT understand WHY we (the world) cares so much about who the next friggin pope is going to be. I mean really - WHO CARES? How does this affect the world at large. Are there such things as seminaries anymore? Or convents? Do people really still give it all up to be obedient to one of the least Christian religions in all of Christianity? I don't get it. While in Catholic school the preists and nuns were the LEAST forgiving or nuturing people I've ever come across - whrereas when Im at the feet of Jesus there's nothing BUT love and tenderness. Why do the eyes of the world look to Catholic church for the rules of Christianity? Preists can't get married yet 11 of the 12 apostles were married - Mary Magdalin played a major role as an Apostle to Christ but Constantine made sure that story was never told. And the Catholic church ADDED #$%$ to the Bible that was never there in the first place. Pergatory is NEVER mentioned in the Bible. Any who - thanks for listening to the rant.

FYI: That is the US Congress in robes.Godsd reprsentative???

WHO CARES?!?!  It's all politics, control, power, etc.  This has nothing to do with glorifying God.

"You blocks, you stones, you worse than senseless things!O you hard hearts, you cruel men of Rome,Knew you not Pompey? Many a time and oftHave you climb'd up to walls and battlements,To towers and windows, yea, to chimney-tops,Your infants in your arms, and there have satThe livelong day, with patient expectation,To see great Pompey pass the streets of Rome:And when you saw his chariot but appear,Have you not made an universal shout,That Tiber trembled underneath her banks,To hear the replication of your soundsMade in her concave shores?"

The cardinals are like our congress. Can't agree on anything.

who cares life goes on!

No pope? what are we going to do? This is crazy!! By the way what does a pope do?

Anderson Cooper is on talking about how different things are this time around - stating the obvious that no Pope has died this time - filling airtime with banal inanities while the Cardinals supposedly "reflect" on who God wants to be Pope. I personally hope that it takes longer than the record 33 months it took to choose one Pope. I'm not a Catholic, but I relish any attempt by the news media to stretch the story out for that length of time.

I'm glad gays in US can marry because that's good news for the holy Fadders everywhere

"...no pope elected at first conclave vote"And the world didn't come to an end! Guess God can bless without him!

What did those preists do to little Eddie Munster Ryan, that made him so #$%$?Hmm...search of my Bible concordance doesn't turn up a verse with "black smoke" in it. White smoke either for that matter. Or, &lt;gasp&gt;, even the word Pope. Can't find conclave, cardinal...

Just look at our Country is not less trouble that the Vatican, this is real a trouble world in trouble times." God bless this world, we need it"

Woe to you Pharisees....He who exhalts himself shall be humbled

What a crazy comment board.

I never realized that God was so into hats......

Paganism in disguise.

Hey, wait a minute....did they say another Pope went up in smoke?

It's lewd. It's rude. It's crude. It's CONCLAVE!!!

May god help in there decision instead of politics, and may there decision show how stupid the U.S. government and the budget looks when they can decide on who is the Pope beforeour government can decide on a budget.

For god sake please hurry and blown some white smoke so we can move on with maybe electing a new president by 4 years from now. I hope no body throws a white smoke bomb.  The little red hats we will thrown in the air.. We have done it.bet he is Italian

Yawn

all of this means that the new hope is not an angel coming from the sky.

Why not just draw straws?

Some Cardinals were considering, The Pope of Greenwich Village.

Meanwhile, as the atheists prattle and sneer, their Obama deity is about to bite the dust:"Lawmakers are stepping up their campaign to gain access to the survivors of the Benghazi terror attack, with one claiming the Obama administration is engaging in a "cover-up" and another threatening to bring "legal charges."Investigators have been stonewalled in their attempts to get a list of Benghazi survivors, and speak with them. Some have been at a Washington-area military hospital since the attack, saying their injuries must be "serious." Yet, he said, "we don't honor these people, we don't mention their names.""It's like it's a dark hole, and I think we're now at a point -- now there is a cover-up. A "select committee" will be formed to investigate Benghazi.

Take all that gold (stolen) melt it down and feed the hungry - instead of protecting pedophiles!This evil knows no boundaries.

I thank the Lord each and every day, one way or another, that I was raised a Roman Catholic.  Take that to the bank, all you Catholic bashing bozos of the earth out there.     ;-)

Pretty sure "Conclave" is codeword for World Championship Texas Hold-em at the Vatican...!

I NOMINATE.................... TOMMY LASORDA !!!This waiting is sheer agony.

After all everything about the church is all smoke and mirrors

They must be smoking a little weed as they form a circle!

Black smoke indicates they're burning incriminating documents?

Ohhh, the drama!

If all the Cardinals are praying to the same God for guidance to elect the new Pope, wouldn't logic conclude that the new Pope be elected unanimously on the 1st vote? After all, they are the "Princes of the Church" and should have a static free connection with God. In reality they are just men electing another man to a post created by men.

Who will be in charge of the worlds largest Child Molesting organization? Funny we crucified Joe Paterno for not doing enough to protect children but the Church gets a free pass. Over 3 billion dollars in settlements and counting.

Maybe they will put forth a pope that will out kiddie diddlers and actually PROSECUTE them.But probably not.  They like screwing with the adoring sheep the world over.   Gotta play the part.

Black smoke signals cardinal pot party.

How come Al Gore isn't up there ropes about global warming, with their back smoke.115 princes of the church huh?  Does that mean they had to find 115 altar boys for "desert"

ISN'T the 'holy spirit' recommending the same person to all the cardinals??  Or are some listening to a different station!

I was once a member of the Catholic church, but as I watch this medieval spectacle I ask myself, why?

As long as he dresses well, can speak english, and isn't just looking to make a higher salary in a new job, I don't have any more concerns.

I really don't care about the pope.

this is the biggest Mafia ever...

Why do the Catholics need a new Dope? They've gone nearly a week now without one, and it hasn't hurt them any!

Pope rules is no different than God. He needs the truth from his brothers so sin can be forgiven. Not stupid DC rules (bunch of #$%$) only create WAR

Things are getting stranger by the day on these comment boards...

I have "Tried On" many different denominations of Christianity in my search for understanding Christ and God. In my journey, I have learned that there is love and peace and understanding for those that are truely following the path of Christ. However I do not have faith in the Institution that the "Church" has turned into. There is no way Christ ever intended for His Church to become the greedy, fear mongering, power hungry entity it has become today. Mind you this is the Church as a whole. I am sure there are smaller parishes (or whatever you call them) within that are doing the works of Christ. But the mainstream Church today is a completely different beast than it started out to be.So lets see. We are muslim by birth or protestant or catholic? I'm supposed to be a faith because my parents said I am? I am Jewish because that is a race or a faith? I can't be Jewish because I wasn't born into a culture, but wait, that not a culture but a religion?

Pedophiles unite your new leader will be appointed soon.

Let's have an Italian Pope for a change.

Will the new Pope get rid of all the sham that's been going on behind closed doors, or be a participator.

Can hardly wait for our new Pope.As a Catholic this is a big thing.I know there will be many coming on here to put us Catholics down, but no matter, Im still so happy.

because you idiot media types deem the catholic church to be in trouble it should be so??? wake up..the church is fine..at least it has weeded out the perverts, and continues to do so..unlike schools, etc

Have you ever seen so much unproductive silliness?

Guarantee you 95% of Catholics have never read the ENTIRE Bible.!  If they had, they wouldn't idolize these old men dressed in Rick James' wardrobe.

The new Pope really shouldn't be another old, white, male European (Well, the male part can't really be helped at the moment, but eventually it should be.). I don't think that has been working well lately. The "Emperor Palpatine" image isn't exactly favorable. More importantly, the new Pope needs to be able to clean up the Church - a MASSIVE sweep of pedophiles and molesters amongst the clergymen.

And red smoke means another altar boy got his cherry popped. Praise the Lord!If Catholics knew what's best for them they would dismantle the Vatican.  The Vatican holds way too much power over the faithful that almost do not question anything about it.  Can you imagine if the next pontif turns out to be evil the carnige he could create around the world with 1.2 billion people that do not question anything he says or does?

They called the Native Americans savages but here they are sending up smoke signals.

Many of the Cardinals were asking if Jerry Sandusky was available'

Those pointy hats make them special.

Green smoke indicates "Snoop Dogg" is in the house.....

You're antisemetic if you call the jewish religion 'troubled', but being antichrist is okay?

Such a big deal for a False Christian Church....Catholic church has a history of not following true Christian doctrine...and murdered and persecuted hundreds of millions of true Christans especially if you refused to be Catholic throughout history....making them the largest Cult in history....and the richest....and they work around the world with their Islamic Agenda....to deceive the world by their False Representative of Divinity...the Pope...as Muhammad....to undermine the true Christian Doctrine for the Gentiles...and just like Islam....destroy everything in its way...

Time for the new pontif to clean house and go open Kimono.    "The second collection today will be for the retirement fund for all the excommunicated priests with sex crimes".   Let's not put some stodgy old man in that has no clue of the modern world's issues.

Does Reuters have any writers that are more ant-Catholic than Crispian Balmer and Philip Pullella. Their use of derisive and divisive language is peppered throughout the article. Our Church and our Faith upholds the sanctity of life, the poor and the marginalized. You know, those people who are an inconvenience to many in this world and especially to the media.

Your would think with the face that even cell phones have calculators built into them that the writers of this artical could at least get their math correct. the actual age of the Catholic Church as an organized entity is 1733 years, having been established by Constantine I in 280 AD.Do these cross dressers preform nightly at the  local drag queen club ?? I think the " Red  BEANIES "" are real cute !!! GEE !!! No propellers ???

Notice to Wealthy Catholic Clergy:  Jesus said "It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven"

Rock, paper, scissors; okay, on three.

$5 we get a new pope on either Good Friday or Easter Sunday.

Altho the sistine chapel is beautiful, I can't help thinking of all the starving people of the world that could have a better life if all of the money that this religion collects from its congregation was used to feed those people instead of spending it on all of that ridiculous lace and gold, And why is this bunch of bologna being televised. I pay good money for my cable and I don't appreciate them taking off my programs for this garbage that I so strongly oppose. I don't ever remember them telvising a program  of this magnitue for the lutherns, methodust, mormons, etc, etc.

Who cares? The pope is NOT the mediator between God and men. That would be Christ.

Who will the global genocidal cult choose as their new leader? The suspense is killing me.

These Cardinals cant beat the Ravens for Super Bowl.  Now they are heading to conclave??? LOL.  Obama got Nobel Peace prize for doing NOTHING.  Now he should be elected Pope for doing nothing.  LOL

Does anyone else think all religion is just really weird... not even always bad, though sometimes bad... but mostly weird.

VOTE FOR ME!!How many of these flowing gowns of silk and satin wearing Cardinals covered up,protected, supported and just tranferred from parish to parish brother pedophile Men of the Clothe ?? I am a male and if  I dressed in flowing gowms ,I would be identified as a cross dressing pervert !!

Troubled Church? that is like saying that World war two was a disagreement! This is the final chapter of the biggest failure of any institution in the history of the World. Your sins will find you out, and the truth will be known by all!

I'm sick and tired of hearing about the "conclave" every time the news comes on.  Sure hope they pick someone in the 30 year old age bracket, justo so we don't have to listen to this #$%$ for another 40 years or so.

mmm. my balls are tingling with anticipation.

The Pope hat is called a miter.  That's because you miter mite not get the chance to wear one.

yea....they all get together and humm.......a tune.....

They have a problem with their pic no way to get Jerry Sanduski out of prison.

and with the First Pick of the Conclave Jeff Ireland of the Miami Dolphins picks...........Harvey Weiss of Beth Israel

The whole world shall rejoice when the holy encantment of "Habemus Papam" is heard worldwide.

Jesus Christ is the head of the chuch. Why are they looking any further?Ancient rome conquered the know world militarily. The catholic church has conquered the known the world financially.

Religion is for dolts!

The Cardinals need to get some better pitching this year.

They need to get serious about choosing a reformer who will not cover up child abuse and who will follow what Jesus taught in the New Testament and not get sidetracked off on some conservative political ideology about abortion and birth control.

I can wait for the next 75 year old, european white guy to be chosen!! I have a crazy idea. How about a 60 year old american or brasilian? something that may actually shake things up a bit.

God be with the church.

Whoever said religion is big business sure had it right.

Sounds like all the popes are puffing their peace pipes, downing some shots, and ordering some pizzas. The strippers and little boys should be arriving shortly and the last one to pass out on the couch wins. Hoorah!!!

Here we go again!  It's white, no, no, it's black, no, wait....oh #$%$, not today.  Been there, done this over 200 times already.  Just let us know when it's over.  We don't need all this breathless daily reporting.

I got some black smoke they can think about.If you don't believe you'll burn....fear me enough to worship me!!! FEAR ME!!! PUT YOUR MONEY IN THE DISH AND PASS THAT DUCHIE TO THE LEFT HAND SIDE....

How much more gay can you get than these guys?

Another leader to help launder organized crime and bribe money through the Vatican Bank, cover up child molestation and drag the Catholics back to the 15th century.

Every night a different Cardinal gets to wear the shroud of turin and make ghost sounds...woooo wooooooooo wooooooooooooooooooo!!!!

"...He was not strong enough to confront the Church's woes."  Does this mean in english the Pope will have a heart attack trying to defend the mass pedophilia and choir boy molestations within his church?  This lets us know full well the Pope doesn't trust his priests sex drives.

All this Vatican stuff is not that different than the recent Oscars. Each of the Cardinals is a "celebrity", and there are all kinds of speculations about who will "win" and be the new pope.  The only thing missing is the red carpet photos with each of the candidates in their "Gawd - Gowns".

The problem is humans are inherently bad, we must be taught to be good.

Because we are now following the election of a new Pope, google the words "cadaver synod " and marvel at the machinations of  organized religion !

The more I learn about the church, its rituals and its following, the more completely insane it all seems.

"sell all you have, and give to the poor..."can one imagine the impact of dismantling the vatican papacy and actually helping the poor?the attack of the religophobes!

Try walking thru a catholic church and see how many unlocked doors you find. Ever wonder why you cant find any? Pedophiles......

Piero did you call Monsignor Obama? I did but he was playing golf and he could no come

And every acolyte will receive his own, personal pope on a rope.....

Obama keeps saying he's a Christian, but is constantly attacking the Catholic church and supports the slaughter of millions of babies ...Be careful Obama worshippers ...Hitler fooled the ignorant masses too.

there are more pedophile priest in the Philippines and south America than in Europe or north America.   Not to mention rampant corruption.

Dammit, now I'll have to change the cast for my Pope on a Rope Soap.

After a five and eleven season the Cardinals voted, en masse, to try something easier....

All that smoke at the end of the day...  Bunch of stoners....

I will be so glad once this crime organization supported by the La Cosa Nostra votes on the new Pope of Porn. Bunch of old men holed up blowing smoke up every brainwashed Catholic's A^*&amp;#$%$ Thumbs down please if  you agree with my rant!!!!TO THE CONCLAVE !

What would Christ say?Be humble. This is the best way to live as tooting our own horn never works. Pride is the cancer of the self and has wrecked the life of many a man.Share with others. After our living expenses are paid, why not share the rest with those less fortunate. We can't take it with us, and it will spoil our kids more if we leave it with them. Why not give it to those we deem worthy while we still have our faculties.Show tolerance. This is not only the hallmark of a learned man but also an experienced one. Nobody is all bad or all good. In between lies humanity, but we will never find it if we don't look there. After all, this is where Christ looked and found us. This is where the Church must look also to find its lost flock.Turn the other cheek. If we were wronged revenge won't make it right -- though it might briefly feel better. But the revenge perpetuates the wrong, and from generation to generation. Why not fight the urge for revenge ourselves by turning the other cheek and stop it, there and then with us.Above all, let’s love our strange, filthy, unworthy neighbor as we love ourselves. He could use our understanding and help, though he may not deserve it. He is our brother -- unconditionally -- and we are our brother's keeper.

The Catholics are their own worse woe.

Because one black man rapes a little boy, does that mean all black men are pedophiles? Apply logic to your comments.

Can't wait for baseball to start!

Mary was an unwilling participant in the conception of Jesus...according to the bible.

The Vatican Mafia has no tyet  "made" their pope.

I'm not Roman Catholic. I don't care.

I guess they don't give a rip about air pollution . . .

Spooky old men.With some really bad habits.Wow; Why all the viciousness? For those who want to lump all Catholics in with the evil ones why not complain about the Democrat politicians who commit rape and molestation?

We deserve a female pope

I onca waz zmoking a cigara black zmoke came out of my romm when I was a little baby 13, myMomma Mia cama to my rooma and screamed were is the popa were is the popa.

Maybe the black smoke came from them burning a black man for wanting to be the Pope and refusing to order Priests to stop #$%$ young boys.

I was hoping to become the next pope, but my wife said I would have to become a catholic first. Oh, well.

The Cardinals would be better off concentrating on drafting a QB, a guard and a left offensive tackle. Maybe they can pick up a Pope on waivers?

No Pope yet, they will have to continue straining...

Look up..... "Black Nobility"Just another government........ a "governing" of the people.

I had a conclave once but I traded in on a Cadilac.

Who the Heck Cares!!!!Yay more disgusting Christian headlines

Vote me for Pope, I promise free ice cream and more transparency...

breaking news!nasa and the esa found purgatory with space-telescopes and confirmed there isno vacancy

They are missing lots of important steps to elect a pope.First they need to sacrifice a virgin.Then chop the head off an infidel and drink his blood.Then then burn the old pope, that's where the black smoke should be coming from.And when the old corpse is totally burnt, the smoke turns white.

Why'd the last Pope call it quits anyways? If a Pope calls it quits isn't that proof that Jesus may have called it quits back in the day? Maybe Jesus Let a look-a-like Jesus take his place and go to the cross when things got tough? Maybe huh? I bet this Pope that quit read a secret book that reveals that that is what Jesus did and so he threw in the towel too.

"Holy Conclave, Batman!" Robin said.

Almost makes muslim look normal. Between the gay dresses, prayer oil and scarves, little carved statues and pictures of the pope show Catholicism as more of a business than a faith....

I'm not gonna say there's any politicking going on but I hear one of them from the US put in a big order for 2 liter Cokes and Styrofoam cups and Big Macs because he thought he couldn't get them anymore back home. There's also rumors of cases of Marlboro cigarettes being smuggled into the building.

With hopes of refreshing a staid and scandal ridden edifice the Church will choose a Pope to remedy it's woes. Those in power do not believe the old prophecies and will defy them by electing the very man who will fit what was foretold. Something Earth shattering is very close now, the shock and the sorrow will collapse this house of cards called the world order, a new religion shall arise caused by the evil of those that have weapons to kill millions. We will have our rapture but the shock of it's Truth and the reality of what and who it was will leave Earth in chaos and sorrow. A new Pope will be as meaningless as the smoke that arises from the breweries that George sang of in his last words, a dirge of lament , Brainwashed.

These guys dress so gay.They're going to drag this out as long as possible to milk as much attention as they can.

If they say anything, they will take away their right to talk to young boys.

the conclave looks like a fancy party . all thats missing with those outfits are a string of pearls and earings .

Religion is an opiate of the masses.

Black smoke = "Another night of deliberations... send in some more Altar Boys!!!"

You talk a Boys Club. This club is so middle age....Working from the top down. Christ liked working from the botton up!. Then the No marriage Kick......That hasn't worked to well has it?  Get married have children? Like normal people........Instead of getting it  on the side!.....The Roman Cathollic Church needs reforming..like yesterday?......Ouch!...

Angry libs sink ships.

The new Pope will be called "Peter the Roman." Y'all may want to look that up! All I can say is, Ah Oh!

Is Obama in Rome yet?

The Conclave will be delayed because the Cardinal from Chicago is going golfing.Petraus Romano.Who will arise with the ultimate duty to protect and bury the evidence of the child molesting ring of priests called The Catholic Church?Religion is pure undeniable poison for the weak minded.

I haven`t been a practicing Catholic in 42 yrs.....   I look at this picture of the Cardinals and all I see is power and money .... nothing about this expresses to me what Jesus taught ---...

I would be born again in Christ if Vatican City caught fire today and Jesus was spotted fleeing the scene with a gas can.

in other news, my snot was slightly green for the third day today. doctor said no cause for concern until it's red. also wife took her fourth pregnancy test in two weeks. it was negative. we took tequilla shots and tried again.that is all now i'll return you back to you boring pointless Pope news

God is not great.  Religion poisons everything.

They ran a gay/sexual predator background check at the last minute, and turns out black smoke was the only way to go.

Too busy checking out alter boys.Pope Scola is better than Coke.

Ask Benedict what he knew about the Holocaust and what did he do about it?

If all the Cardinals are praying to God asking for wisdom and guidance on who to vote for, why does it take so many votes to get it write? Doesn't God care who his spokesman is going to be down here?

I hope the next Pope is a retired sex crimes detective.These comments are priceless.

Has there ever been a place that's had more pedophiles in 1 place at 1 time than the Sistine Chapel right now?

It took the Earth 4.6 billion years to be capable of producing human life.  This alone should tell you that life is one of these categories: rare, extremely rare, and miraculously rare.  The more we know points more to the Earth being the exception and not the rule.

boy they sure build this up don't they? .. Just elect a pope for GOd's sake...enough with the trumpets and the hokey pokey..

I don't think I have ever seen so many perves in one place.

If Snoop Dogg were a Cardinal, that smoke would be a whole lot more fun!

What is needed is a strong leader that isn't afraid to fire every abuser and every person of whatever rank that concealed them. Throwing money at the victims isn't the answer. Give tge church a shepherd is protective and honorable and the flock will return.

Seeing all these old men in robes and knowing the disgusting criminal activity that pervades in the Catholic Church, these videos just creep me out.

Well, I'm just waiting on that phone call.  I hope they don't keep me waiting too long.  I've already selected my name -- His Holiness Pope Misanthrope I.  Do you think the cardinals will discriminate against me because I'm an atheist?

I'm available any day but Wednesday.What impresses me the most about catholics is that they can sit through an entire mass without the slightest snicker or smirk.

Holy Moly Guacamole AAaamen.Wonder if they too wear magic underpants like the morms under those robes :0

the world will move forward with the blessings it needs from the new pope that will give us all the hope we need as a nation to overcome the probles we are facing

Who really gives a #$%$.

So who will get to wear the funny hat and pretend they are God's mouthpiece?  They speak for God no more than any other person.

Dear Pope. I am going to fix a big problem for you, so write this down. Let Priests get married. Then their sexual frustration won't boil over onto little kids.

The democrat cardinals voted 100 times each.

Why dont they just close their eyes and point, I'm sure they all smoke pole about the same.

These Catholic Cardinals and bishops and pope act as if they are all so pious. Quite ironic they elect a fraud in the Sistine Chapel. An art work created by selling of Indulgences...

Cardinal Angelo Bagnasco makes good Spaghetti and Meatballs so let's make him Pope. Plus he knows what wine goes with what boy.If the Great Flying Spaghetti Monster were elected pope, it would add a LOT of plausability to his utterances!

Who cares?

Did they give up on going to the Superbowl?

Instead of call it the Roman Catholic CULT, they should call it the G_Y, F_G CULT.

Would you believe in a MAN that can't get married, How stupid. What kind of men do you think that would become a priest.

In other news some young boys were seen delivering pizza to the Cardinals for luch today.  They have yet to re-appear form the vatican.

Penn State has been severely punished for hiding a child molester but the Catholic church gets nothing.  Why is that?  Why do we allow the church to hide child molesters?

ok you perverts.  zip up and quit fantasizing about pedophilia.  you're taking way too much interest in it.

A catholic priest touched me when i was a little boy.

Pray to God that He will anoint one who shall revive and rekindle the fire of Catholic church.So this means that whoever will be the new Pope automatically will have had AT LEAST 1/3 of the Cardinals thinking he never should have been Pope in the first place.

I hope no one leaves an alter boy alone in there with them

Why is 87 too old to participate in voting?

Hurry up Catholics we need a new pope leader that will be in charge of the child Chester the #$%$ malesters!!!!!!!!!

Dario Castrillon Hoyos  of Colombia would make an excellent Pope he will champion the poor and fight for Conservative values. This helps America too  and creates a spiritual life for millions of people, how can you loose?

Looks like the Cardinals are taking after the budget supercommittee.  No agreement on a solution.

If you confuse protecting pedophilia with spreading the gospel, then you must be a catholic.

The trouble with catholicism goes much deeper than pedophilia. The catholic "church" is a man centered, false religious system that is directly responsible for the worst atrocities this world has ever seen. It is responsible for the murder and torture of 50 million people to date just for not being or refusing to become catholic. (just google "Croatian holocaust" or "St. Bartholomews Day Massacre" or "Spanish Inquisition" or "rat lines") The vatican was in cahoots with Hitler and Mussolini and still is with the mob. The majority of catholicisms doctrines and practices are unbiblical and are based in paganism. It has perverted the true Gospel of Christ into a false gospel of works and sacraments. It is evil to the core and it insidiously does all this in the name of Christ. It is the political prostitute of Revelation 17 &amp; 18. Catholicism is NOT Christianity

It looks like they're all going to a Halloween party in the same costume.

Mahony was overheard saying " I am 100 percent 50/50".I'm guessing they wear butless leather chaps under them dresses. It makes the post election celebration a little easier.

I hope it doesn't take a couple of weeks because they could get frustrated and start fighting.

The Jews can not forgive the Pope and the Altar boys cannot forget the good times the holy fadder gave them around the camp fire

Looks and sounds more like a cult than a religion.  They just went from wearing all white sheets (KKK) to red ones and stupid looking hats to try and make them selves look important.Religion is a sham.  Ban it, end it, and save your #$%$' kids from these pedophiles, and save your money for your future, not theirs.

Does black smoke he saw his shadow or not?

Black smoke and a hint of cannibus in the air.  it appears the lads will party on for a few more days...

How will they balance traditional moral teachings with support of illegal immigration in the US and protecting pedophile priests from prosecution?

It will be interesting to see who they pick. They need not only generosity but strength.

Pray for their safety....the way this world is acting some fanatical idiots may think this conclave could be a prime target...

Jerry Sundusky was never sent to prison..... he was reassigned to the Vatican.Hold the vote .I will be the best choice. I know the Bible  completely and have great understanding of it and how it's to be ran. plus I would work close with mofia .so what's not to like in me and im 65 .

The paganistic ritual creeps me out.

Troubled church is an understatement.

why is this getting so much coverage? in my whole life not one person has ever mentioned the pope unless it was part of a joke.

Yeah..............Those robes and hats reeeeeeeeaaallllly make them look important and religious don't they? Thee entire Catholic religion is all about man's own glory. No wonder people are dis-illusioned and leaving the church by the droves. Tell me Catholics....... who's hand would you kiss first, Jesus or the popes? Who holds more reverence today in your very own church.......Jesus or the pope? Who's the son of GOD..........Jesus or the pope?

They should dual till last man standing.

Why do the news people think we need a blow by blow description. just  make an announcement when it's over. .On TV they show a crowd standing around Saint Peter's Square (It's round by the way) in the rain. Don't Italians have better things to do?

Is Jimmy Carter counting the ballots? We don't want any funny business.

Black smoke = no pope has been chosen yetWhite smoke = a new pope has been chosenGreen smoke = Cheech &amp; Chong somehow got into the Sistine ChapelNo smoke = Smoky the Bear got into the Sistine Chapel and is schooling the cardinals.

They should pick a Japanese Pope since they have smaller genitalia and wont hurt the children as much.Well, I dont know.  The cardinals have all been praying for guidence to elect a proper Pope.  I prayed for guidence of the American electorate in electing a proper president and look what happened.  The lord works in mysterous ways but sometimes he just screws up.

They burnt supper that all.

Black smoke?  Couldn't they have just tweeted???  ;-&gt;

All the news channels talked about a puff of smoke. They must have thought the place was on fire when they saw all the black smoke pouring out.

Any organization (church) that proclaims they are above the law, is NO church of God..........PERIOD, NO EXCUSES!

the reason why the catholic church is being criticised is because it is courageous enough to acknowlege what it sees as sin within it. May God continue to lead the church aright, so that no criticism will make it shy away from the truth which is however a universal phenomenon.

Did anybody actually expect this would go one vote.....they are gonna milk this for all it's worth....they're exactly like the Congress except for the robes

Is it papal or paypal?

How stupid is this whole process? It really shows how idiotic people can be and how naivety is prevalent among the weak minded. This malevolent mind virus has infected too many weak minding Pope-bots.

No smoke huh ??? After 5 minutes of me being in that room, and having just left Taco Bell, let me cut one and they'll see Green smoke....You'll have a new Pope in a matter of seconds.........lol..How to fix the abuse crisis: Use AlterWomen instead of AlterBoys. Remove children from danger--Priests can't molest boys who aren't there. And Catholic Moms should keep their kids in sight at church at all times.

The ratio of Secular pedophiles to Catholic pedophiles in the United States is about 105 to one.  THAT is a FACT.

Do we really need around the clock updates on this #$%$? Once they pick a new pope, report it but if there's no need to report every time there's black smoke and they haven't reached a decision.

News headlines, a bunch of old farts succumb to smoke inhalation while viewing videos of children  .

It was reported that the "smoke" had a funny smell to it. Could it be......

The Vatican has gone papal-less

Watch out for green smoke, signals popes have lit some dope.

Black smoke?  "Conclave?"  Every once in a while these people go out of their way to remind the rest of us just how medieval they really are.

Noah newa popuh? Howum I gunna sleep twonight??!

Wow. They're like politicians in Washington. Can't come to an agreement.A SIMPLE CHALLENGE TO THE WORLDCan anyone, in the world, give me an example of Jesus saying, in whatever words, "Build me an opulant temple" or "Conduct elborate rituals to worship me"The quotes below, attributed to Christ, reflect a message of humility, simplicity and humility."You cannot serve both God and Money."-Matthew 6:24It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God.'"-Matthew 19:23-24'If you want to be perfect, go, sell your possessions and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven. Then come, follow me.'"-Matthew 19:23-24If you are not following this, his message, then whos message are you following?Also, "He didn't say we couldn't" is not an acceptable answer, because he also didn't say we couldn't molest children. So don't try it. Just stick to providing positive evidence, not trying to back in through convoluted negative evidence.

So which Old White Guy will they pick THIS time??

Elect Ozzy Osborne as the first outside the Vatican, Pope.... Time for change...lol

Where is God when you need him? he should pick the next pope,but he probably does not care who the hell the next pope is.

To me this is a smoke screen for pedophiles.

Why are these Cardinals wearing the Knights of Malta symbol?  The same symbol the Nazi used.

Black is the color of indecision, just look at Obama.

change of rules for voting:instead of smoke being released, the screams of young boys will be broadcast over the pa system

I'm totally against the Catholic Religion because of the perverted priests.....

smoke is what we got in election.Let the circus begin...

"Mommy, I'm TIRED of hearing bout these fanny packers!"

BIG JEBB WILL BE THE NEXT POPE

White and black are not colors. They are shades.

First, root out all HOMOSEXUAL predators from clergy.  Identify them, hound them, hang them.

Funny how St. LouisHas cardinals

Sell the ring. Compensate all the children these religious pedophiles took advantage of.

Now accepting applications for pope...lol

why are they electing a new pope again?

The World ISN"T the Church Don you #$%$Cardinal Turkson or Cardinal Burke would make magnificent Popes.

It like Christmas all over.

"You cannot serve both God and Money."-Matthew 6:24It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God.'"-Matthew 19:23-24'If you want to be perfect, go, sell your possessions and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven. Then come, follow me.'"-Matthew 19:23-24Do Catholics teach those verses, or do they just scratch those parts out of the Bible? Maybe they just like telling Christ to (f)uck off with his message of scarifice and humility from their gilded palaces.

Don't give 'em black beans for lunch, they give black gas. Give 'em some white beans, for Christ's sake. lol. :)

You'll never get to heaven without a blessing from the pope, or his hench-men!! Scam,scam!!!

In the old days it wasn't unusual to just sell the seat for whoever has the most gold...

The first conclave went something like this.  "Hey guys, if we dress up in rich velvety vestments and add a lot of gold and precious jewels and then top it off with a very regal, but not too ostentatious, looking hat, maybe we can convince everyone else of how pious we are. Then we can begin to raid the cradles and coin boxes."

Burning little boys underwear evidents.

They should have no business anywhere except in jail with sex perverts. Deal with it.  what is the black smoke. Does that mean they are burning old tires. Lol

Will the Pope kiss Obama's ring?They'll probably elect at pope who can do a better job a controlling the churches deep dark secrets.  The last one just thought he could just brush up under a rug and no body would care....WRONG!

I saw the pope once. He said "here kiss my ring". I replied "here, kiss this" and dropped my trousers. I think he liked it.

... and lo, Jesus sayeth to God, "Why hast thou forsaken me? How come I didn't get a hat?"

WHO CARES !!!!!

I can only hope whoever the next Pope shall be for the Catholics may be able to handle all the troubled issues in the world right now.

"whew, this voting gig is some tough duty, anybody up for a little bingo?'

As an American I try to appreciate and respect all religions,But have a hard time supporting pedophiles!

Wonder who's the next pope they will elect, probably a pedophile.

a new head to cover up the child abuse

So the good ole boy club is having a hard time finding the antichrist to electWhat does God say about worshiping statues or other people/gods then God himself?“You shall not make for yourself a carved image—any likeness of anything that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth; you shall not bow down to them nor serve them. For I, the Lord your God, am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children to the third and fourth generations of those who hate Me, but showing mercy to thousands, to those who love Me and keep My commandments.” Exodus 20:4-6

New Pope? No soap!Ha, ha.

The cardinals are in there- please drop your pants. I'm so excited by you.

So what is new ?? Early historical Hebrew writings of the time of Christ,refers to Jesus Christ as a homosexual !!! Read the history !!!!

Pope John the Fisherman

If they name the new Pope Peter the Roman, I'll quit drinking.

all the smoke indicates they can't decide between CHEECH and CHONG...

What no new demon yet?

They can't make a decision too soon. They got to wait until all the popcorn and candy apples are completely sold out.

God doesn't make junk but sometimes I have a hard time seeing the good.they look like star wars characters

They are pounding some serious aaa in there to generate that mush black smoke.

You guys now why theres so few African American Nuns? LOL They find it hard to say Mother Superior

Black smoke is when they are finished passing around their NAMBLA pictures and burn them.

Catholics put people to death for simple offenses, but their Priests turn out to be serial child molesters, and nothing happens.  And they wonder why their corrupt religion is despised.

So these shmucks have to blow smoke and dirty up the air to show when the Pope is picked? Guess they never heard of a flag.

Who is the the republican Pope this time..........Grover Norquist....No its Aquahhhhhhhh Budhhhhhha...........Rand Paul

Old weird men doing old weird things. All so weird.

Guess I will have to keep on smokin' on!

These bible pushers are milking this one.The Church needs to modernize if it wants to stay relevant. Attendance has been shrinking for years, and vocations (those who want to enter the priesthood) are down as well. And allow priests to marry - It gives more credence to the "counseling" offered to married people with families and if events that have come to light in that many years ,it seems that abstinence makes the Church grow fondlers...

I was a born and raised Catholic but I thing the conclave should be renamed the CON CAVE because this is where they all gather to con each other into beleiving that priests never molested any children...

I'm glad to see all the non-believers interested in what theChurch is doing. That's a good sign.

The Cardinals will be banned from communicating with the outside world?  So, no TWEETING, you Cardinals!

I thought the Cardinals were in Florida getting ready for the regular season in April.

The church has to stop allowing homosexuals to become priests... that will stop this sex abuse stuff... after all,  95 percent of these "abuse cases" are all with 16 year old boys...  everyone knows homosexuals love young boys

Such a giant waist of money the entire pope thing is.  NO WHERE in the Bible is there grounds for having a pope.  The entire Catholic set up is made by man.  God built His church on Christ, no one else.  As I can tell the Catholic church has been the same for centuries - full of corruption.  Sexual and monetary being the top two!!!

American foxbots believe we should take from the poor and needy and give it to the wealthy like they have done in America.

OHHH.i thought that meant the voted in a  Black Pope.

Black smoke of the pedophile priests - why are they not in prison, along with the bishops, cardinals, (pope?) who aided and abetted them. A sick and hollow organization - big on pomp and symbolism, but totally out of touch. And the freak show goes on....Look at all the outsiders looking in. I thought there was going to be the master of all works Michaengelo's Creation of Man. Is this the best yahoo can do, a picture outside the VATICAN. HAHAH. Why weren't you invited, yahoo. You are not one of us

Isn't this AMAZING the SCRIPTURES coming to life right before our eyes. I know they are doing this ....JUST like it says to do it in the HOLY SCRIPTURES ...Maybe this is what is mentioned in Rev 9:2

I have a Doritos Chip that looks like the Virgin Mary if anyone wants to worship it!

Yea, whatever

It takes time to find just the right guy to cover up a big scandal like that.  I have faith they will find him and he will continue to protect the catholic church at the expense of it's followers.

black smoke however  states that a new devil has arisen

So, no new Praetor for the Romulan Katholik cult!  Brainwashed Romulan p'taks on a fast track to the lowest part of g'hrethor!

It is incredible how many so called anti-religious people watch the proceedings of religious events, and take a great interest, and vent their subconscious neurosis to allay their fears and insecurities.  It is very quaint and endearing to see them writhe with petulance and ignonimity!

I guess they have to sacrifice another chicken and dance naked around a fire, or whatever crazy rites they use.

Proud to be PaganIf this article is getting stale, here is another Catholic clergy article:Why Rats Sniff Each Other - Yahoo! News

After their lies and cover ups... how stupid do you still have to be to believe in this joke?

Is pot smoke dark or light?  Just curious.

Wonder if that is why there are not many blacks in Italy???  The Conclave should move to Detroit or Chicago or almost any city in the United States.

Quit polluting the air with your weird ancient rituals.

The Cardinals get to pick their favorite pedophile!

hail mary pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death amen  sorry at the hour of my death i will pray to JESUS CHRIST  my LORD and him alone  my friends marry cant answer you im sorry only JESUS CHRIST mary would half to be GOD to here everybody praying she would half to be all powerfull and all knowing only GOD is that way my friends you only pray threw JESUS CHRIST  read the word do not lisen to a man why would you let a man lead you down the wrong path follow JESUS CHRIST and his word my friends you cant go wrong GOD can not lie the bible says there is a way in which man thinks is right but the end there of is death follow CHRIST my friends

wouldn't it be cool if when they come out of the "conclave" everyone has realized it is all a bogus myth and dropped the whole church thing? HABEMUS PAPEM....So? No one is there in the square!

why do people bow down to the pope and bow before his feet and why do they carry him around like hes GOD and set on a pedal stool to be worshipped and the bishops before they come bishops half to go lay down before the pope are you kiding me now i ask you did peter ever do this hmmm no he did not peter would never  let anybody do that never and they claim peter as the first pope he never had or would have anybody lay down in front of him he never was carried around like he was GOD no no no my friends peter never did nor would he let anybody did the other apostels or anybody for that matter see him as the head the pope  no no no show me peter never claimed to be infalible either hmmm acts chapter 10 verse 25-26  AND as peter was coming in cornelius met him and fell down at his feet and worshipped him  But peter took him up saying stand up I myself am a man hmmmm do you see these popes saying dont bow before me  dont carry me around like IM GOD no you do not they love it they want people to bow before them they want to be carried around like they are GOD are you kiding me what a joke and what a slap in the face to peter and ALMIGHTY GOD himself  read and follow the GOD breathed word and not a man let no man decive you none remember they come in sheeps clothing but are raging wolves not of GOD THEY DRESS holy like to appear to men   matthew 23 verse 28  even so ye also outwardly appear righteous UNTO MEN but whithin ye are full of hypocrisy  you see they dress them selfs up to say hey look at me and look and act like they are holy in front of people did not JESUS CHRIST himself warn us about them and the apostels people wake up open ur eyes remember satan is the great deciver get out of this sick system my friends get out

The US Government murdered 30,000 children in Iraq and Afghanistan....  how come they are not in crisis?Hard to believe anyone takes these silly costumed old men seriously. What do they contribute to the world, besides homosexual pedophilia? They should sell all that they have and give to the poor.

They need all the Black Smoke and Mirrors they got to hide the #$%$/ Pedifiles !!

I cannot connect with any of this pomp and circumstance.  All I care about is how the teachings of a religion show up in the lives and hearts of people in a positive way.

Sham Wow !!

Rock, paper, scissors; okay everyone, on THREE!!!

The papists are a bunch of papistical whiners, papistically speaking.

Black smoke?  What did they do, throw an old tire on the fireplace?

I don't care if the next pope is black or white....as long as he can clear out the sexual deviants &amp; force church clergy to cancel their membership in NAMBLA

Jesus is your best bet..so which cardinal are you betting on?

If God speaks to them.....how come they keep screwing it up ????The papal concept is not Biblical...

Folks, I hate to say it, but I think it's time to nominate the Krispy Kreme™ Mutant.  He's got all the right qualifications.  He's gay, festive, religious, and what a snappy little dresser!  Plus he stays crunchy even in milk.  Who could be better...

There are hundreds of pedophile Rabbi's, but the media keeps a lid on those cases to cover for those who give them their paychecks.

California Cardinal Roger Mahony is at the "sacred" coclave.This cardinal aided pedophiles for years, and he will help choose the next pope?What a F joke!

Hebrews 10:12.  "But this man (Christ) after he offered one sacrifice for sins forever, sat down on the right hand of God."

I would recommend everyone check out the Remnant Newspaper online.  He is giving great coverage of what is going on inside the Vatican as always, and without the liberal bias of these apostates..

The children of Italy can out and play now.

Joe Biden would be a good pope.

Any organization that hides the crimes of pedophilia should be destroyed.

The very earliest Christians lived exactly the same way as Obama`s vision for the USA"This comment was blocked by the administrator" when did yahoo turn into FOX news?

I will join the cardinals in prayer and fasting today not forgetting that God is in control.

President Oakland is on air force one heading to Rome to get a pope hat. And, a pope T shirt.

A new front runner has emerged by the name of Obama.He will not only be KING Obama but also Pope Obama.I want to throw up.

It want be the black ones.

Aw, man, I saw the title of this article and thought it was about baseball. Not a dang word one about baseball in there. Wassup with that??

Isn't anybody else tired of hearing about this catholic nonsense 24/7 ? Aren't there any other cults out there making news ?

This resembles a very boring soap opera.

Oh well.Why worry about all of this? The world is eventually going to burn anyway.

Some of you need to wake up..jpd64...who made you God??  You need to recognize that there is something in the universe other than yourself.Are those white table napkins on their head ? Oh the pompuscuity (is that a word) is nauseating.

HOLY SMOKES!!!

They even have absolute control over the state of Utah

So much for smoke, when will the mirrors be unveiled?

All this pomp and circumstance just to pick the next Pope (figure head) of a corrupt, political, archaic institution that is out of touch with the modern world.  This isn't what God was ever about.  This is all man made symbolism and bureaucracy.  Any wonder why Catholics have strayed from the church?  Their heyday is long over.  And yes I'm Catholic, so don't bother attacking me for my opinion.

Question 1) Have you ever raped young boys?Next candidate please...ect

when will people wake up and stop giving power to these men?? They're making money from your gullibility.

This is one church I don't trust. It's bad when you have to worry about leaving you kids alone in a church with people your supposed to be able to trust.

Cardinal Angelo Bagnasco what are your qualifications? "Well, I don't ever in my life touch a girls ever, ever, ever, ever, ever. And I don't touch boys ever, ever, ever, ever. And I don't snore. So that's about it.

You ignorant catholics need to get Jesus off of the cross.I guess Catholics are all lost till a new pope is elected? I thought you were supposed to worship god not the pope? doesn't seem that way though!

This cracks me up. All the Cardinals are saying it is "up to God" who becomes Pope; if so, why do all these old men have to "convene" to  decide this? It is just politics, just in the church and not the political arena. And does anyone truly care who becomes Pope (aside from the wanna be Popes and Cardinals doing the electing)?  I know quite a few Catholics who did not even know the name of the last Pope (who served for 8 years)?

So the old ga...uhh perverts are ready to elect a new head pervert,,,,how very interesting, not.

"and the times they are a changing" My hat is bigger than yours.

The church is not  "troubled".  The media is "troubled" by the concept of church tho.*The media has no faith......So how can one have any faith in the media?-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------It is the media and mankind that is troubled or there would be no church.If you don't believe in god= fine.Just don't believe the government or support the idea that government  is any  substitute  or alternative to faith .

If a white person said that the jewish religion was 'troubled', it would be considered anti-semetic.  Since when was it okay to become anti-christian?

Must also pass psycho-sexual testing.

I'M DOING JUST FINE WITHOUT THE CHURCH.

I predict Peter Turkson from Ghana will be the next pope.

I heard that they just play musical chairs till there's only one guy left and then give him a funny hat and a pair of red shoes for winning.Religion is sooooooo weird. Look at the uniform they wear and the alter . Its like a cult.

May God bless the cardinals with the wisdom and courage to select our next Pope.  They must vote with an open heart and mind and let God's voice be heard.  The new Pope has many challenges to face and therefore must be brave and also humble enough to listen to God's guidance.  God bless the new Pope whoever he may be. Help him lead the church back to a place of love and peace.

The sad fact is that a lot of catholics (formerly me) believed Peter claimed to be the first pope.  That is all catholic propaganda.  The word is not in the Bible and the Greek origin is papas.  It was first used as a title around 400 A.D. by Leo, the Roman bishop.  Members of the catholic church who are good, honest, and a faithful continue to be duped by the Vatican.

If they elect Baback Obama he can call himself Pope Benedict Arnold the 1st.

They should just lock all these pedophile protectors up

Jesus must be dying of suspense

In America, past and current failures within the Church are what often captures our media's and its readers attention however, never forget, all the positive programs Churches in America provide/provided in our country's communities that receive little,  if no, media attention....

Men in red dresses.................and I'll bet most of them are gay!!!

Who cares.  Bunch of old men playing games in their pretty dresses.  ICK and EW.ALL religions are playgrounds for violence, hatred, abuse, murdering, raping, perverts, pedophiles, priests aiding and abetting perverts and pedophiles, all in the name of religion. And you idiots are worshiping it. What fools you are !!!!

The head ped. wants to take your little boy to bed.Cardinals to elect new pope?  I'd be happy if they could just replace Raphael Furcal at shortstop.

Its time for the BALL in there pretty GAY gowns ..................

I wonder if any of them are doing any 'mea culpas'... and Mahoney, parading around, while  all the scandal is going, seems obcene. Like a bad play.

brotherhood of closet gays and pedophiles

Pope is no closer to God than anyone else---until the church accepts women as equals--their input will be lesser as the decades go by.

It amazes how much hatred there is against the Catholic Church from where all churches come from. I would expect it from non-Christian believers, but those who claim to be Christians all I can say is, "Shame on you."

"My brothers, let us pray that the Lord will grant us a pontiff who will embrace this noble mission with a generous heart," Sodano said in his homily, receiving warm applause when he thanked "the beloved and venerable" Benedict XVI.Pope Benedict abdicated last month, saying he was not strong enough at 85 to confront the woes of a Church whose 1.2 billion members look to Rome for leadership.So is Sodano actually slamming Benedict with his initial comment before massaging his words at the end, intimating that the next guy should commit to the position and not have a selfish heart concerned about health due to an unwillingness to die for his "faith?" Hmmm??? Hmmm....

Bunch of old, weird, clowns-like clothed, some of them hidden pedophiles, choosing the weirdest of them...WHO CARES?!?...

Hurry, hurry! The world is waiting to see who the world's Number One Pedophile is.

*cough cough coughwhy the Cardinals? why not the Cubs or the Mets? just not fair.

cult like fascination with this side show is getting tiresome.

like everything else about the RC Church---done behind closed doors, from behind, away from the public eye..... filled with denial, lies and has nothing to do with God, teachings of Jesus---opulent to a fault , $$$ driven and power hungry! Ahhh, the next Pope, the next CHIEF PEDOPHILE ??????

The Catholic Church is the largest charity throughout the world.St. Vincent dePaul society volunteers help many poor in my community.Catholic schools and hospitals help educate and give free healthcare to many of the needy in my area.

Priest should be allowed to marry.  Then they can experience hell like the rest of us.

Let's get one that's easy on the eyes.  I always thought John Paul II was a very attractive guy, at the start of his papacy.

Talking someone out of a belief in god is like talking them out of eating for the rest of their life, ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE.

There is no such thing as a Priest who becomes a pedophile.  The pedophile seeks positions (teaching, boy scouts, ymca, religious orders) where he has access to children. Pedophiles are criminals and some masquerade as priests for access to children. However, due to the power and wealth of the Church, the media has been on a blitz to destroy the Catholic Church...just look at who owns the media. The Church admitted 15 years ago the issue, made reparations, is much more careful about whom they let into the priesthood, and immediately turns over any suspected pedophile to the authorities. There are child molestors in all faiths...but the media isn't going to talk about them...look at who owns the media. Do some research and stop the hate on the Church. The Catholic Church is responsible for more charity and education worldwide than any other organization. And people of all faiths try very hard to get their kids into  Catholic grade and high school because the education is excellent..and the waiting list immense. This whole thread worth of comments are disgusting and haters and heretics think they are funny on this thread.  You are not funny.  You are disgusting. You have an agenda.

God clearly, and I do mean clearly tells His children NOT to pray unto the dead, but yet the Catholic Church directly denies that scripture, daily...........The Bible also clearly teaches that Mary, mother of Jesus WAS A SINNER, and again the Catholic Church blasphemes the Bible and holds her as an advocate for there souls unto God..........How SICK!

Stop the rape of children and feed the poor, sell the vatican!!I mean for chrissakes. its like a bad reality show or a broadway opening.  give us a freaking break from all the manufactured drama.  now I know why the protestants left this circus

I just love the vitriol, comments and sentiments of the anti-catholic establishment. These folks THINK they know what the Church is or believes; it is the height of hypocrisy when know-nothings comment. Example: Papal Infallibility. The POPE is only infallible when speaking on issues of faith and then he has to "speak" from the chair of Peter on the said subject. This occurs so rarely..... Priests and marriage and celibacy. The non Catholic public has NO CLUE. There are more CHILD MOLESTERS amongst PROTESTANT Ministers (who are married) percentage wise than Catholic Priests. This is also fueled by a media who loves to make the news not report it -- example (this article) "(Benedict) who abdicated last month saying he was not strong enough to confront the Church's woes". First : what woes? 2nd: never read that this was the reason he abdicated. 3rd: ABDICATED -- he renounced the Petrine office - vacated. The last publicly accepted prejudice is ANTI-CATHOLICISM. People always attack what they do not know or think they know.

What criteria do they use to elect a pope? Who can wave their hands best? Is that the "grueling" part that wears on the health of these guys?

Do the Steelers and the Raiders and the Giants get to elect their own pope too?

The Onion had an article - 99% of Humans Would Prefer a Big Hound Dog as the New Pope - and it had a picture of a dog sitting in the vatican in the pope hat. I couldn't agree more...

Well for sure electing a same-sex Pope is a choice

The pictures of that crew just crack me up!! What a bunch of fruits!

I bow only unto the Lord Jesus, not unto any Pope, for he is not my savior nor my advocate, Christ alone has that title, for now and for ever!!

I have cardinals feeding at my bird-feeder; they like the sunflower seeds.

I vote for Cardinal Glick!Sorry but no one needs to go through a pope, priest, rabbi, imam, holy man or pastor in order to speak to God. Religion is mostly a shake down and a sham!

whooppi  . oh i can't wait . i'm going outside and do cart wheels with out a bra .

I thank Zeus we live in the age of information where these false religions get exposed. They're dying because they can no longer keep people in the dark. Huff and puff as much as you'd like but they are fading away. Zeus bless!

Look you all have god on your side, all have the same faith, and all read from the same book, its not like you have to work with Obama, and fix a nations budget. lol

They prayed to elect the last pope too! How did that work out for them?

The Catholic church holds enough wealth to eradicate hunger world wide.  'Religion' has been used for thousands of yrs. as a tool for power and wealth.  There's another word that works...superstition.

Obama doesn't know what prayer and silence is. He thinks he needed to talk the ear off pope Benedict when he visited him... The pope simply smiled and sent him on his way.

Sheeple are popeless here........................whats the hold-up?

the next pope should be married to a female and have stock in a condom company................wait doesn't the mafia elect the popes?

As a kid growing up I used to marvel at the idea of a new Pope.... now I just wonder, what's it matter?"Who do men say that I am?..." (Jesus couldn't get a consensus from them) Then he asked his inner circle, "Who do YOU say that I am?" ONE voice rang out, Peter (the 1st pope)  through the Father (not thru the media or a Gallup pole) and said "Thou art Christ, the Son of the living God."

Tough choice in today's shame on the church.  Becoming Pope must be like being elected President of the U.S., having to deal with all the secrets that are abhorant to anyone with a mind and soul.

Aren't the Cardinals supposed to be getting ready for baseball season?

Who cares.

How many little boys do they have stashed away for the conclave?

this is exciting... maybe we can call it "Vatican Idol"...just kidding... I am a Catholic by the way...

gaily dressed

I'm already putting out my white smoke. Pope is already covering up child molsters

Come Holy Spirit!  For you critics of the Church - the Church has faced bigger problems in the past.  We will survive these current problems too.  Jesus promised that the gates of hell would not prevail against the Church.  Wayward priests and aggressive secularists won't prevail against the Church either.

I'll give you fortune, I'll give you fameI'll give you power in your gods nameI'm every person you need to beI'm the cult of personality......................................................Living ColourThe two previous popes have stacked the College of Cardinals with conservative men skilled in keeping secrets and covering up the misdeeds of errant clerics.  Expect no sweeping changes.  The Pope rules the Roman Catholic Church.  It is not a democratic or consultative effort.  The Pope's in charge.  Whoever is chosen will appoint azzkissin lackeys and yes-men.  It's part of the tradition.

White smoke for a white guy and black smoke for a non-white guy.

Bob Newhart would make fine pope,

Just reading about the new pope makes me wonder why has there never been a black pope. The popes have always been white, yet there is someone like Archbishop Desmond Tutu who has done so much good and yet has never even been considered to become the next pope.

bet, satan and alien waitin too

Vatican has Talent!Anyone?Some old fart, who has denied himself his own natural urges, is going to be elected and then will presume to be able to tell others how to live their lives. That's who's going to be next.Wanna bet?

Are they still practicing cannibalism?Body and blood of Christ anyone?

illegal immigrants, no matter how poor and stupid they are , are the ones supporting these pedophile hypocrite criminals in the USA.

in there smokin somebodys butt crack  most likely

The grape juice turns into HUMAN BLOOD and the vanilla wafer into HUMAN FLESH. Really?It is a farce, selecting a leader for a fear campaign based on fairy tales run by hypocrites.

the grey smoke lets you know the Hookah is fired up and they are all pondering the true meaning of life!

Oh geezzz, who gives a poop.  It's one big smoke screen anyhow and they are just tryingto find a leader who won't blow the whistle on them for being child molesters.

Maybe it was just the smoke from a few bong pipes, as there has to be something to lower the tensions in the room?

This time around the rules are different. White smoke is for a white pope, black smoke is for a black pope! Whoever gets selected would rather be indentifies with a rainbow smoke! They are all friends of Dorothy!

they go thru a lot of chit to elect one k--k sucker .

The Catholic Church: Yesterday, today, and tomorrow. The largest religious denomination in the world, and in the USA. Get used to it anti-Catholic bigots. It ain't gonna change.

I sure wish they elected the us president like they do the pope, Look at the money the people would save, and the lies we wouldn't have to  listen to, it would be so much better

Gray smoke means they just fired another joint up and are going to think about it some more.

"Pray for us now and at the hour of our death"............................."Meet the new boss...same as the old boss"  Who's Next, 1971

Have there ever been a charge against the NUNS!! of the church?  Is it just the males?  I THINK NOT!!  We who have abused by the FEMALE CLERIC SEEK JUSTICE AS WELL!!  I Will Speak now!!

Geronimo was faster with his smoke signals by time you saw the color you had an arrow in your a%%

Pope Ted McGinley

The gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ NOT the Roman Catholic "system".

Jerry Sandusky would fit right in with this group.  Just saying...

I think the smoke must be from their crack pipe....anybody who thinks they're closer to God because they wear a goofy hat and hold a cane is on definitely on CRACK!!! lol

Have you heard the new pope's song? So many boys, so little time. lol. :)

Just pick your next pedophile leader and get over with it so I don't have to hear about this #$%$ anymore.

All the pomp and circumstance, but no reason why they CONTINUE to cover up for pedophile priests.As a recovering catholic, this is all nonsense.They are in need of the Shekinah-Glory Cloud of God to render a proper decsion on their choice of the person. Otherwise it will be the outcome of their own choice whoever is elected.

Why a black man or a woman were never elected as a pope. Does god discriminate again the race and gender?

Oh, I thought black smoke signaled that they didn't fit inside the choir boy on their first attempt.  White smoke usually means they did.

It seems that the Church is castrated with rules. Reading this article gives me an insight into the mind of Henry Vlll to get England catapulted out of the Vatican circus and create his own denomination (Church of England). Similar protestant reforms  were  undertaken by anti indulgent Martin Luther in Germany.

Yes; beer, pretzels, and alter-boy stories. This could go on for days.....

Voting is a game of Roulette, Voters may choose to place votes and roll the little wheel,and on whoever name the ball lands , that's the new pope .

It's just like religions to be "beset with woes"....it proves that the god of that religion is really good at her job.

If this is suppose to be Christs Church, then why is it riddled with so much discontent, and immoral behavior. And why is their a 'Pope', Christ organized His Church with Prophets and Apostles, If you believe in the Bible, then you must believe in this type organization. Plus, they had Temples built all through the Old and New Testament, but I don't see that done either. Where is this organization that Christ put together. *shrugs shoulders*

there still in the circle jerk,just changed the pivot man

Black smoke. No Pedophile elected yet. Your kids are safe for the time being.Let's see.........dress up funny and can't get married.Oh, I'm sure these guys are on the up and up alright.

Looks like they've got the rest of the night off, but not until Thunder From Down Under performs for the guys.

the vaticans own bank was in trouble for money laundering for the mafia,HELLO,the money was seized,and given back if they pinky sweared not to do it again,they put up with child molesters and thieves running a corrupt church and worship the same,what the hell,exactly

What color is the smoke of the Catholic's church conscience?

Their share to global warming.

I wonder what the name of the new pope will be . .   Pope Pedophilious 1, Pope Gayous 798. . .  Maybe it's time for a woman pope;  Pope Vaginous 1 . or a Black pope;  Pope Snoopus Dogus 1 . .

Spare us. We don't care!

Who gives a #$%$ ?

I'm not a Roman Catholic, but I think it would be interesting to watch the conclave. I'm not religious in anyway, but I find the event very interesting.

Black Smoke? They voted to cremate the pope?Who  called Peter a Rock? Jesus did, not a cardinalinal  or  the College of Cardinals. Where is Jesus now? In His Church - all faithful are the Body of Chist - they are The Living Christ. So let The Christ  appoint the next Pope - let the faithful vote! It makes sense, doesn't it?

Hope that Pope Benedict XVI isn't in those meetings. With his Nazi background, black smoke wafting up chimneys might mean he's fueling up some more gas chambers. He is one creepy looking old man.

If men are voting for the new leader to their church why not let all Catholics vote too?

Now lets hear a rousing, "Who cares?:

black smoke signals no poop ??? must be constipation...

so a bunch of guys in a cave 3000 years ago forgot to tell everyone then, about the dinosaurs whats up with DAT

Why can't women be priests or popes?  Why would they stay part of an institution that doesn't respect their equality?  How truly sickening.

Their tales of woe are getting annoying.

is it unusual for smoke to smell like little boys' britches

A new pope on the way but it will be business as usual. Poor little boys and the priest don't get any punishment for their crimes. Same old, same old.Take your time boys. Your last hire didn't stick around very long!

Boring.

If you think that the smoke coming out of the chimney is something, you should get a whiff of what they're smoking inside the chapel.

Homosexual preditors don't belong in the priesthood, or overnight camping with Boy Scouts.

after reading all this, thank god i am an atheist !

I don’t believe in religions but I have read the bible a few times and the man Jesus never preached that man should horde gold, jewels, real estate, and flamboyant costumes, while living in the lap of luxury

A fun ritual to watch, but has about as little to do with Truth and God as the Queen of England, who also is head of a Church but who also has enough sense not to act like it's inherited from Jesus.

Black smoke means there will NEVER be a black pope. Messi playing fantastic today.

They were just smoking a fatty

Ever wonder why those confession boxes have small round hole in them?Black Smoke? You are going to make Al Gore mad!

This here is relgion at its best. Sure man made. Liars and deceivers of the faith and the church of Satan. Why anyone would continue to fellowship here is beyond me. They will be accountable for there actions of acceptance. Most people in church are in a relation with there Pastor and the church more then there savior. Most people do not know any better. Those who know Christ in a personal relation will be in Heaven. To contiue to worship there is just plain ignorant. This Pagan man made demonic religion cannot be misconscewed for the Holy of Holy's. I mean they think there Pope can forgive sins. Are you kidding me. Wake up World you are being deceived and led to hell and you are sleeping. Awake you who slumber.

Well, we know for sure the next one will be a pedophile or an enabler.  Since they're all in one spot, why can't they be surrounded and taken into custody?

As I catholic I DO NOT condone the way the church has handled the scandals.  In the end, those (catholic or not) will have their judgement day.  Christ, Himself defended children and warned those who did harm to children!  But also, as a Catholic, I believe in its teachings and hope to be an example of them.  The Church also teaches that there is the human law that we must obey and God's law to love one another as you love yourself and forgiveness. So if you have done harm; you should face justice and face your legal punishment.

What they did not tell you -- if it is red smoke coming out -- the devil came and wanted to vote also for the next Pope as well -- and when they say no -- he urinates on the fire.  All I can say is if you believe all of this shizt --- and that the Pope talks to God -- well you are still in the Dark Ages.

I wished they would get this over with. The less I hear about the Catholic Church the better off I am. Here you have a closed society of worthless old men trying to pick one of the old men to be their dictator. Now that is amusing.

I wonder what our Heavenly Goddess, Mary, would say about all this.

Catholics are stupid people.

Hmm. Smoke signal say no pope, Kemo-Sabi. We wait for white smoke. White always good. Black always bad.Really? Reeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalllllllllllllllllllllllllllyyyyyyyyyy????????

....they sure have lots of uniforms!.....I wonder who decides which robes to wear on a given day?...which hat?.....imagine showing up with your miter when it is beany day?The Lord is humble. This "church" is not.

The Catholic Church makes decisions like the government...if you're in a hurry you're screwed. Might as well take a number like the rest and wait. :)

Much ado about nothing.This religion is dead.Why? Just look at how Oblamo schooled you and how your preachers took children and tore their lives apart.For what?Sick ase beyatches.

Why can't people just treat others with respect and help each other out.  I honestly don't care what you worship, if you're a good person, you will go to a good place.  Some people believe a guy that goes to church is going to heaven, but he beats his wife on the norm.  You got the other guy that works hard for a living, in the middle of filing for bankruptcy, but will pull over on the highway to assist a man with a broken-down car.  You tell me who's going where.

Edited any GOOD BOOKS lately.

It will take two weeks or more.  Guess the voice was not speaking loud enough....

I dont get it! Most of the comment about this story are negative, so atheist and protestans if you dont  care about the catholic church why are you so vocal about your negativity, I have gone into the comments of other religions and I dont see the negativity comming from catholics, it is a shame, that you have so much energy to spew you venom.

And the winner gets a harem of choir boys for life.

"There is a Sucker born every minute and 2 to take him." [Barnum and Baily]

Oh,  I thought the Black Smoke meant that the Messiah Obama was elected the next Pope.No-one cares. Outdated pedo religion that should have been sued into oblivion and most of its nasty priests jailed.

American Indians stopped using those smoke signals decades ago   !   Priests called them pagan barbarians  ....

Why is it such a BIG thing for news droids to saturate us with info.on the decision who will be be elected to head this group of pedophiles?

Gays and homos !!!!! Child fiddlers !!!?!!!! Who cares

The old fart in the photo has a genital wart on his lower lip!LOL!

I am a Catholic and I have read and continue to refer to the Bible (Old and New Testiment).  There is much history in the Bible.  I am sure God is not happy with the Catholic Church and I commend the Pope for stepping down.  He knew this was what he had to do to clean house.  His health and age prevented him to do so himself.  I pray that the choice for Pope is well thought out.  We need a leader of the Church much like Jesus was, but also one that has some business sense as well and figure out a way to stop closing Churches and Schools.

Or does the black smoke signify that all within are burning in h-e-double hockey sticks?

Ratzi the Nazi is out,bring on the new Pedophile Pope. Who cares?!!!!!!

Bless me Fadder for I have sinned..here is my peker as your reward.

they said they were trying to find one that isnt a child molester , it could take quite some timeThey can start by not nominating a pedophile.......if they can find one.

I am pulling for Cardinal Dolan!

Pope= P.O.P.E.=Pedophile On Patrol Expert

What the hell is a Cardinal? Last time I checked, it was a bird. Where in the bible?

I hear the Incas are going to sue the next pope, they want their gold back.

Why are they using smoke signals, did someone shut down their twitter account?

They may be having trouble finding someone whose heart is pure.

The check hasn't cleared yet and they are still interviewing little boys...

Such a weird cult.

All those aiding and abetting criminal behavior such as fraud, child rape, sexual assault, coersion, theft,and many other criminal behaviors are finally in one place. Make the arrests now, if you want to really clean the papal house!"Piece of cake, Piece of crumb cake"...

We should send them our failed president.

This is a serious process. Like it or not....Catholic or not....what they do and who they choose affects ALL of us. We need to pray and ask God's will be done on earth just as it is in Heaven. They are consulting God that is what this period is all about. God hears our prayers and answers them. If God really did speak to the mind and heart of St. Malachy, then this will be the last Pope and he will be the false prophet who will turn from the faith and be the Tribulation Pope.St. Malachy was right about all the other Pope's in his Prophecy of the Popes. Hal Lindsey did a report on this back in Oct. 2012 and reaired it in Feb of this year. Very interesting.

Amazing how someone who is elected by other imperfect men is considered "holy."  And yet masses of people overlook their own personal power and worth, and venerate these figures as something greater than any other man (or woman).

the pope was rushed to resign early because the new world order has a timetable to stick to

#$%$... someone accidentally burned the shroud of turin! Guess they will have to create another fake.

Right now in Heaven, the apostle Peter is shaking his head and yelling, "No, you have corrupted the Gospel."

Give us an African Pope

If God has rules like human then we're all beheaded.

The New Pope?...between Nigerian Francis Arinze and Ghana Peter Turkson. The Church needs a shakeup...what better way.How do you get a little boy pregnant? Dress him up in nuns clothes. Oh wait, that's not how the joke goes. Ok, How do you get a nun pregnant? Dress her up in Ted Haggards clothes.. wait that's not it either. Hmm...

To all fellow brothers and sisters in Christ who have not yet received the fullness of faith - our fight is not with each other, our fight is against all forms of Christian Oppression and the devil who wishes to separate us and to cause us to hate one another.

NEED TO A BABYSITTER....CALL A PRIEST.

what a crack-up.....people still need this #$%$, i guess....." faith is believing in something you know ain't so"---Mark Twain

Can't seem to find the word "pope" in the Bible. Must be one of those man-made things like allah and Joseph Smith.

Who cares...most catholics don't even go to church anymore. The countries with the largest catholic populations like Brazil, don't embrace the religion at all.

Don't worry about any changes... Cardinal Mahoney is there to vote for the next Pope, and he hid at least 120 pedophile priests in California.

Who cares watch a bunch of molesters gathering together. I am just as close to God as they are. Do you people think they have a secret that we do not know in reaching God. Get Real!

I vote for Obama,

Is there a magic show?Hear Ye, Hear Ye......the white smoke is billowing from my rooftop....Yes!, a selection has been made.....I shall have the Honey-nut Cheerios this morn!!   (cue the doves &amp; soaring angelic harmony)The Pope....really?  2013 and this is how enlightened we have become? All our knowledge &amp; science &amp; technology.....and thunder is still the angels bowling huh?Well aaaalright.....guess we better start rounding up the virgins for sacrifice to the volcano god.....but I tell ya, with the internet porn and all, it's gonna be a chore finding one.Wait!......black smoke!....No, false alarm.....just an old Fiat backfiring.....carry on then.

It's all abpout black people, and the next pope will be Peter from Africa...........................

An old novel, The Shoes of the Fisherman, outlined the kind of pope we need.  Throw off the bizarre and expensive raiment, devote the resources of the church to the needy, AND CAST OUT ALL THE GOD----N PEDERASTS IN YOUR RANKS!

The one who molested the most but never got caught will be the winner, I'm sure.  Too bad Henry the VIII didn't crush this miserable bunch when he had the chance.

When every single child-molesting priest is behind barsI'll start attending services on Sunday - and putting my money in the basket.Until then, the Catholic Church will be just a global GAY PEDOPHILE NETWORK in my eyes.

Men and their fancy dress. Strange how humans need big hats on their heads to let erybodie noe deys be impotent.

The longest Conclave was 2years 8 months. The shortest was a few hours. Looks like the Holy Spirit is pretty fickle.

who really cares except the catholics,this religion is the biggest money making scam that ever was,it feeds off from the poor and gives nothing back except for some hokus-pokeus

The Church has be persecuted from the very begining and will continue to be persecuted because people who are in darkness hate the Light. May Christ continue to bless Her and protect Her.

Q. Why do cardinals wear robes?A. To hide the altar boys.The Catholic Church needs to become what it claims to be. In America too many people claim to be Catholic but do not believe in or support the basic beliefs of the church. The new Pope should invite these "Catholics" to find another club to belong to because they weaken the ability of the church to stand up for those principles it claims.

The full explanation for the different colors of smoke is on the vatican website. As the white smoke pours out they are simply burning all the little boys undies that RATZ left behind as he slipped out of town. Then when the smoke turns black they have gone down into the basement and started burning all those pairs of little boys shoes left there. When this is done they then will select a new  head p e d o!

this is all for show..these guys know exactly who the new Pope is!

Amazing how they whine about the vote NOT being political yet whine that it should stay in Italian hands. How political is THAT? Italy is NOT the home of Christianity! It all sounds like the Vatican is WAY too corrupt and knows that no country can touch them so they do what they want to do. It's time to bring the church into modern times without losing its religious commitments.

Religion was established to control the masses.....period....

Black smoke signals no pope elected at first conclave vote.......Oh my God no pope yet, the horror the pain. they are all locked away watching kiddy porn.

Ahhhh....they look so adorable in their little red hats. I like the white ones too....like Clergy sous chefs.

Nothing but a fire hazard from a group of senior citizens. It shows that the humanity just doesn't get any smarter.

Guy with the most FB followers under age of 12 wins

It is interesting how everyone complains about the small number of pedophiles in the Catholic church when there are by far more that are not Catholic.  Oh, I forgot it is ok to have a sinful life if your not religious.  Catholic's are suppose to be sin free.  Too bad it doesn't work that way.  Fortunately Catholics admit they are sinners in need of God's mercy!the lock on the door of the Vatican needs to be permanent. end this terrible church and allow Catholics to start over with a new Catholic Church based on the teachings of Jesus. put the Pope and the cardinals on trial at the Hague for international crimes against humanity.

Let me know when they get down to the " Sweet SISTINE "  No St. Marry's or St. Joe's !  How bout St. Duke  ?

Howard Stern for pope.

This is real Illuminati #$%$.

Can you imagine the wealth of the catholic church in just real estate alone, not to mention cash and treasure. I bet the majority of their sheep are starving or live on the edge of starvation in Africa and South America. It takes a lot of suffering to generate that kind of wealth.

Who designed those ridiculous hats? Makes it look like a KKK gathering.

you'd think it was the second coming of Christ.  Such pomp and circumstance for a man. Silly!

why do we have to waste space on yahoo for this nonsense

All those pervert cardinals will lay down on the floor of Sistine chapel and vote the new PEDOPHILE pope after getting their inspiration from those PORNOGRAPHIC images painted on the ceiling by Micheleangelo 500 years ago.

OH! I'm so excited I almost peed my pants!!A perverse cult, supported by morons!

Here’s a clue – it’s a medieval voting method.

I was thinking of converting to Catholicism.  Will I have to molest little boys as part of my indoctrination?

I hope the elect someone that will bring the church into the 21st century !!

I wish I were in Rome.  Not at this thing though.

People need to stop raising their children within this ridculous business.

Between the "ceremonial smokestack", to the silly hats, to the outfits that only RuPaul could love....can't begin to imagine why they attract a demographic who are attracted to the sausage.

If you don't take communion on a weekly basis and adhear to the teachings and dogma (you can't pick and choose) then you're not a real Catholic.

The new Pope should be an Italian. The is only because we need a new Godfather.

Benedict was a bad Pope. He did not have the youth or the ability to lead the Catholic Church. He wasn't worthy. He was weak &amp; incompetant. Let's hope the next Pope will have what it takes.What a tiresom bunch of fools.  All this pomp and circumstance for their little fantasy lives in their own little Disney state. I love the last statement out of the Vatican that said they were uncertain at this time what it was God actually wanted.  Huh?  What, do they have a hotline? Who do they call when the phone needs to be fixed?  Will Jesus come down with his carpenters tool belt and fix it up?  This whole business has got to be the largest, most epic ruse ever in history.  The only thing that baffles me is all of the people that buy into this crapola.

I never understand all the fans that support these clown priests and they are not allow to be inside the vatican. What are they trying to hide from their fans, money,steak and lobster,or bingo night??

Isn't all this kinda silly!?!?

Some of these comments are just so childish and immature. Locked doors mean pedophiles? really? There are so many religions out there that have scandals of their own I have said this before, but people just want to diss the Catholics and the Priests. I can think of one huge scandal that rocked a religion not too long ago...Hmmm does the Name Baker ring a bell? Or let's talk about the Mormons and how they marry every woman in sight, (now that my friend is mental abuse on the previous 1st wife). Then you have the Jehovah Witnesses...ohhh please people can you not see that every religion has its own scandal? it's not just the Catholic church. And some of you want to talk pedophiles, they are all around us and not just in the church. The Conclave will do what is right for the church, they will elect who they believe is the right candidate to take the church to a better place. Its not fair for any of us to judge the Cardinals for who they are no matter what their race or religion. For as long as I can remember Catholics have always been looked down upon. I was told that being Catholic was a hard fight to win and so far that has been true, and that is so not fair.

I still don't understand why a woman can't be a priest or a pope.

How would Jesus feel about these extravagant churches, fancy bling, and ridiculously gaudy and colorful costumes?

I'm getting out of here. This place is icky...

why do we have to watch for smoke? why dont they just announce a press confrence

wiki "Prophecy of the Popes" -Pope #111.  "Glory of the olive, Joseph Ratzinger"Pope #112.  "Peter the Roman, (Satan)"Mayan calendar all over again, folks!

They should focus more on worshiping GOD and not human idols!The sexual abuse is a problem from the PAST haunting the church TODAY. Not an existing problem or epidemic it appears. Lawsuits have brought a lot of these 30 and 40 year old males and homosexual men to "come out" and seek financial restitution.

hmmm, lets see. 1. he has to be a baby raper. 2. he has to be able to keep his mouth shut when it comes to child molesting. 3. he may or may not have to believe in god. 4. he has to act like he is god. shouldn't be that hard to find in that group of competitors

Enough with the fairy tales, enough with giving these people power that they don't deserve! They're just humans, like every other human of every other religion! No different, nothing special. Stop giving them immunity from the law.

So why didn't Jesus save all those poor little kids from being sexually abused by those "saintly" priests? Guess he doesn't love them, aye? Gawd, but I detest organized religion...

Check out all of the punch drinking puppets on here afraid to think for themselves, just like thier religion taught them to be.

The catholic should remember one thing, in troubled times, we don't need another pope who is out of touch with what is going on, we need a true leader who will not be afraid to change the way things have become!...don't be afraid to elect a non european!

Hope the new pope can say a prayer for the people held hostage in America by our corrupt government.

"Petrus Romanus"I wonder if they will try to fulfill the prophecy

he will be black, so pick one of the two tokens you have in the "race".

what if the cardinal that is elected pope has a secret past of sexually abusing children???Why is someone elected by his peers considered more holy than an average person??? being elected pope by other cardinals doesn't mean he is closer to god than the average person...They're having a hard time trying to find one who has the least amount of skeletons in his closet.

Why this news is headline in USA? Is USA becoming religious country like Iran or Pakistan. We all know God doesn't exist so why this stupid news should be read.

They ought to make a mini series out of all this BS

Headline should read "Cardinals head to conclave to elect new cult leader"

Can't wait to see who the next old fart to lead the coverups will be. LOL

They can't elect one because they all have little boys in the closet.  Or is that skeletons....?

There are some 1400 gods on record and some 300 versions of the bible since the 1st one, 334 A.D.  The reason the King James version (1611) stuck, it coincided with mass printing for the first time.

Where there's black smoke, there's pedophiles....

As someone else pointed out, how does anyone know if they've elected a new pope, or it's just that the Vatican is on fire?

of course they haven't decided.  There's still quite a bit of wine left!who pays attention to what they dictate,i live by my own chosen standards,not some leader thousands of miles away,live decent you need no pope for this.

They blow a bong hit out the chimney when they get a new pope.

like to know what there smoking

This is so stupid. What a bunch of nonsense.

This is all a show.  They wont choose a Pope.  They are trying to avoid a legal suit.If there is no Pope, the Catholic church  can not be sued.   Oh what a tangled web we wieve...

If people only knew what that Mitre hat really represents. LOL.

I vote for Cardinal Guido Sarducci..

It's funny seen all these Cardinals in the fish hat that represents Dagon the fish god which is really a malevolent ET/Inter-dimensional being that they worship.  LOL.  It's right there people in front of you and most don't even see that.

"and the next pontiff will almost certainly pursue their fierce defense of traditional moral teachings".  They are joking, aren't they?  Oh I see.  Moral teachings not moral doings.

I thought that ment they were making smores.I like this tradition way better than twitter or any other social media #$%$ or even dealing with reporters.

White smoke =  Good Herb

Black smoke, White smoke....is that where the term "Holy Smoke" comes from?

I'd like to know what viewa Jesus had about religious ORGANIZATIONS taking money from the poor to buy their own State and abusing children of GOD?

Makes for great TV.lol!!!

"Black smoke signals no pope elected at first conclave vote"Way to go.  I am pretty sure that Pope should be capitalized.  Wow, great work writers and editors!!!

After they decide who is the next pedophile-in-chief, they will blow white smoke into everyone's eyes.

It also signals a weak or oxygen starved fire. LOL

Instead of talking about others sins, let's here about yours.  Anyone....

There is a protest at the Madison WI capitol.  They will burn purple smoke in a protest to the fact that women have little rights and are left out of any decisions in the church.Black smoke?  Hummmm...time for a valve job.

╔═══╦╗─────────╔╗──────╔═╗────────╔╗─────╔╗──╔╗║╔═╗║║─────────║║──────║╔╝────────║║─────║║──║║║║─╚╣╚═╦╗╔╦═╦══╣╚═╗╔══╦╝╚╗╔══╦══╦═╝╠══╦══╣╚═╦╣║╔══╦══╗║║─╔╣╔╗║║║║╔╣╔═╣╔╗║║╔╗╠╗╔╝║╔╗║║═╣╔╗║╔╗║╔╗║╔╗╠╣║║║═╣══╣║╚═╝║║║║╚╝║║║╚═╣║║║║╚╝║║║─║╚╝║║═╣╚╝║╚╝║╚╝║║║║║╚╣║═╬══║╚═══╩╝╚╩══╩╝╚══╩╝╚╝╚══╝╚╝─║╔═╩══╩══╩══╣╔═╩╝╚╩╩═╩══╩══╝──────────────────────────║║──────────║║──────────────────────────╚╝──────────╚╝.

A Comet Passes tonight, perhaps an precursor of things to come.

Hurry pick a pope already! The SHEEPLE want to know!

Pope  appoints Cardinals - Cardinals  appoint  the Pope - Pope appoints the Cardinals:   a vicious circle. Where are the 1.2 billion faithful ?  Left out? I can't believe it! The real and true Body of Christ completely left out? I am festing and  praying earnestly for the College of Cardinals to do a right thing.Veni Creator Spiritus, mentes tuorum visita, imple superna gratia quae Tu creasti  pectora. Qui diceris Paraclitus,Alltissimi Donum Dei - cpme Jesus Christ!

They're not trying to signal they haven't elected a new pope, the building's on fire!

Be VERY careful what you post...    GOD reads FB too!

beer truck pulls up alongside sistine chapel'oh, good, i'd like to wrap my lips around a st, paulie girl'

evil people evil comments

what color of smoke signifies that final four ballots are all inWhat a big ole crock of #$%$ !!...One of the weirdest religions on earth !!..and people suck it up ! ...amazing !!

Black smoke means the pizza is burning, remove from the oven!

What is it Cardinals are supposed to do?  They certainly do not live a Christlike life of poverty especially with those gaudy clothes they wear.  The amount of wealth the vatican possesses is certainly not consistent with the teachings of the prophets.

"And we're ll knotted up at 0-0 in the bottom of the first as the Cardinals take the Conclave."

"...Welp ! ...We have no pope , so... let's pollute the air to kill time. "

cardinal to cardinal:ok, so a priest, a rabbi, and a minister walk into a bar..........tell me if you've heard this one.......

Let's make it easier for the masses. White smoke if the new Pope is white, black if black, yellow if Asian.  If undecided, try red.   Frankly, the smoke system is polluting the air. Oh well, it is a medieval institution.  Bring back the Plague !!

If The Prophecies Of St. Malachi are correct, then the last pope (false prophet and defector from Catholicism) is already elected, and they know it - Peter Romano ( Peter - his first name; Romano or Roman - from the Roman Catholic Church).They are probably just waiting to reveal his identity on or near March 31, 2013 - Easter, The Resurrection Of The Lord to make it have more meaning to manipulate and deceive the world (In this case, Satan and the Antichrist - THEIR true Lord).Yeah, it sounds crazy but if you believe in bible prophecy it is/could be true.

where can i get me a miter hatdo they come with a sizing strap

This may well be the last Pope as this world is going to end.It's not going to go on forever and ever."Tell me why you don't believe in all the other gods, and I'll tell you why I don't believe in yours" - Ricky Gervais. Religion poisons everything, always has always will.

what do they call the pipe coming out the roofhow does it get passed aroiund

Matthew 23:9 And call no man your father upon the earth: for one is your Father, which is in heaven.

Does Vegas have odds on this?

The first 10 posts but one belittle the church, if your not a practicing Catholic, why even read the article much less post. Find a hobby or go outside. Thanks

Obama  needs to be Pope, he has already been elected Messiah by the liberal media

might help to burn the smoke before it gets completely dark

Jesus alone is the way to salvation. Not good works, sacraments, rituals, prayers to Mary or the Apostles. Remember the thief that hung on the cross next to Jesus. The thief asked Jesus if he would remember him when he came into his kingdom and Jesus said, "today you will be with me in paradise". The thief never had the chance to partake in good works or any sacraments nor did he have to pass through "purgatory". Please, put your faith in Jesus Christ because only He can save us.

This Pope selection is like a reality tv show

Why is there not a zero-tolerance policy on pediphilia?Really should be an App for this.

"Hey guard! Where's the back door to this place? I got a delivery of little boys to drop off and I need a signature!"

Gods word says Holy Father and its not speaking of a man  living in a palace.John 17:11And now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world, and I come to thee. Holy Father, keep through thine own name those whom thou hast given me, that they may be one, as we are.The Apostles were chosen by God and smoke wasn't used to determine their position...smoke and mirrors is fitting for the false path of the papacy...Matthew 23:9And do not call anyone [in the church] on earth father, for you have one Father, Who is in heaven.

If the Catholic Church is to be considered " Troubled " , what word should be used to describe the state of the US Goverment?

Make sure it's one who is unable to achieve an erec tion!

I'm sure God is on the edge of his seat.

Perhaps this time they will elect a woman for POPE.  Now that would be DIVINE.

I like the old tradition of letting someone become pope because they are willing to pay the most gold for the seat.

They will drink alter wine and watch an old fashioned porno called The Little Rascals.

And yes, no matter what the detractors will say, if the Church and the pope was not "relevant", the media would not be interested in even covering this election...and I'm including the atheists and agnostics that can't help posting negative comments on articles such as this.  First, they pride themselves on being oh so tolerant, yet they spew the most vile comments.  Second, if they are non-believers what could possibly be of interest to them on articles about organized religion?i do see the big deal on this.

Why would anyone in their right mind want to be the leader of this messed up religious cult?

quit polluting the air

After a day of voting, they head to the casino for bingo, and a nun's review.

Sherry it is always distressing to me when a person who clearly does not understand catholic teachings makes such horrible statements about the church. As a catholic I have never been taught to pray to saints as I would to God.We ask saints to pray for us much as a protestant as yourself would ask another church member to pray for you. Because the bible says the prayers of saints have power. Please understand I am not criticizing you personally just pointing out that you have been misled in your beliefs about catholic teachings. All christians should start focusing on the fact that the important aspects of are beliefs are the same. That Jesus is the son off God and died for our sins. And to all the other commentors most priests are good men please don't judge such a large group by a few. Judge not lest ye be judged.

Who besides me could care less who is elected pope, or when?

I have a deep-seeded belief in God, but little faith in any man-made religion. Too many people have died or been killed in the name of (insert name of religion here). Religion is the invention of man, and has very little to do with God. I was raised as a Roman Catholic, and I now have a personal relationship with God that I've built with Him on my own. It took me thirty years before I realized I didn't need a translator or mediator in order to develop and maintain a relationship with my creator.Still, it does make one wonder why there is so much similarity between the election of a Pope, and the election of politicians. More people will await the results of the conclave, than all the elections of politicians world-wide combined.

Remember the story of David's annointing. His brothers were the likely candidates but he was chosen instead.

I bet a shiny nickel he'll have a name similar to "Peter" and he'll have Italian heritage

This 'church' is really just a cynical political and economic force...it lost its grace, dignity and relevance centuries ago, and has degenerated into a cult of pederasts.It's sad that so many people who WANT to believe in some kind of divinity are left with this sorry, corrupted excuse.The roof! The roof! The roof is on fire! We don't need no water let the mutha...... burn!

If we would just go away these freaks would, too.

HAHAHA, nice hats.

Catholic Storm Troopers

The media says they are having trouble electing the new pope.  I have some suggestions. 1) a dartboard with candidates names on it, each cardinal gets a turn.  2) "Einee Mienee Minee moe..."  3) Play Rock scissors paper to choose the cardinal who will then place his hand in a bag full of the names of cardinals and choose one.  Whoever he picks is the new pope.  4) Go thru the ranks of Cardinals and find the ones who have not been involved in the recent sex scandals and choose him...  there ought to be at least one.  Or are they just blowing smoke?

They will vote quickly so they can get back to their altar boys.

welcome to the #$%$ ball.

All MEN who are convicted of sex crimes against children should be in prison and that includes your nasty uncles, cousins, dads,  teachers, coaches, neighbors etc., etc, etc..

biggest bunch of phonies in the world! They do NOT represent true Christians. Their only use for a bible is to squeeze money out of people. There is a special place in hell for all catholic leadership that makes true salvation by grace a sin! Shame on you all!!!

Couldnt they just post it on facebook instead of polluting the air with black smoke?They will work fast - the accommodations are not the greatest.

A lot of pedophiles in that room.  Just saying...

I bet there's a party going on in there! Molesting boys included!

That black smoke was the conclave tossing Pope Benedict on the fire to try to warm up the Vatican.

Oh boy!   Can't wait to see who the new pedophile enabler is.

The dog and pony show has begun.  Place your bets!

Great, its a funny hat convention to elect their new king of funny hats.

Funny how this all works. They need a room full of men. To channel the voice of god into coherence. In order to, pick a person that does not need a room full of men to hear the voice of god. Even though, haven been part of, that room full of men needed to channel the voice of god and make a decision.

Remember, if the new Pope can't fufill her duties ...the next contestant wins.

Maybe the new pope will Opus Dei.So many Catholics are excited for the election of a new Poe.  God bless the Church, and help and pray for all the haters and bigots who wish harm and say things that are untrue.  But most of all pray for those who suffered at the hands of some evil men who shamed the church and who aren't really what a Catholic is suppose to be.

What if the smoke smells dank? Does that mean they are getting high?

Vatican Black, dude! It's Primo!!!

Come on, guys (No gals...)... Let's git 'er done! You're dragging this promotion process out too far... Pick one of your buddies for the big job and move one!

Enjoy it while you can you religious mental midgets because in 100 years religion will have gone the way of the dinosaurs!

Every time the conclave meets behind chained doors, I am in agreement with the Catholic Church.Such men SHOULD be locked up, and what they do there is their own business.

I would really like to know WHO CARES!

Yellow smoke = bathroom break.

Ha! Religion can be so entertaining at times! Pick the guy with a clean police record. How hard can it be? Pick the guy that is hands-down the most "saintly." Pick the good guy who's the most deeply devout and who has the most energy and ferver and the guy with the best language skills and the guy with the most crowd appeal and the guy who is the most open minded and most eloquent speaking man in the church. How hard can it be? Hmmmm...

doesn't it seem real strange that all the priests are automatically guilty as about 90 % of them are dead about 20 years before they are accused and can't defend themselves. any  desolate with a crooked lawyer can accuse.  where are you going to find impartial jury?---------------- ANYONE KNOW WHAT % OF THE WORLD ARE CATHOLICS ??????? -------------------------------------

The pope smokes dope!

It also means that Locke was able to leave the island.

Why all the pomp and circumstance. It seems so not Jesus. And yet, above all the politicing, we're supposed to believe the Pope is appointed by God. It's more like running for president of the catholic cult.

What if they burned the Cardinal with the fewest votes? What color would the smoke be?

its like a bad reality show replete with white smoke, black some hocus pocus and grown men in frilly long dresses for chrissakes.

I'm just hoping that Cardinal Beltran can stay healthy this season and lead all the Cardinals in homers again.

LET GOD DIRECT

Did Jesus wear any of those costumes and hats?

Look at the top picture.  See that perv's bucked teeth?  What do you think caused that?  Too much sucking on his real life altar boy pacifier.our catecism class in the 5th grade was condemned to hell by the priest because we didn't know the answe to some religious questions.

Mommy, that man with an invisible friend in the sky touched my no-no parts :(

I bet Jesus got a lot of trim.  Just saying...

One big difference between Jesus and Pope Benedict is that Jesus wasn't a #$%$.  Just saying...

Spoiler Alert!!!!! The next pope will be a grump old man.

I don't like this at all.  The longer it drags on the greater the chances it goes to the Supreme Court.  Do we really want George W. as Pope?  Next thing you know the Swiss Guard is invading Iran...

Black smoke.. from the child sacrifices.

So the "holy spirit" screwed up the last (at least) 2 times he helped pick a pope.  Weak.

Imagine, we are in the 21st century and the world is still watching a bunch of old men in costumes in an ancient room voting the new CEO of their ancient superstition.White smoke.Black smoke.It is all ridiculous.

The world is evil, and the church was suppose to make it better, not make it worse.racist chimmney!

down with false religion!

Wow look at all the hate on here.  I'm willing to bet these are the same people who say we should respect other people's culture suck as blacks, mexicans, muslims, gays, ect.Your hypocrisy shows people

Wanted: Pedophile-in-Chief. Must wear goofy hat and be-dazzled slippers.

The new Pope should take a stronger stance on the issues of gay marriage and abortion and let the world know that our convictions are not merely opinions, but that they are facts and ideas that are proven to lift up society as a whole, and above all, unite us.

Little known fact but little boys underwear produces black smoke when burned

This activity has no merit or significance.

Since there is no god per se it would be a lot more sensible if they didn't do anything.

Vatican needs to upgrade it's smoke signals. Black for black pope, white for white pope, brown for latino pope, yellow for asian pope, etc. Equal opportunity!

Jesus was the un-Jew.  Just saying...Watch on youtube: Are Catholics Saved? - John MacArthur

They should cut out the smoke like I did. Vaporize!

Who cares?

Why do these child molesters resemble the KKK with their comical outfits?

Why don't they just put all the names into one of the pointy hats and draw one out? Doesn't really matter which pedophile you pick, they're all the same. They all follow the same cult rules...

The Vatican is historically one of the most corrupt institutions on the planet, yet the average person cannot wrap their sheep brain around that concept. Vatican city has almost nothing to do with God or religion, and everything to do with politics, wealth, and crime.But keep believing the lies. I know its more comforting for you.

what no "king of the molesters" yet..!? oh darn..

LOL! It looks like a San Francisco "Pride" parade.

Catholic bashers are living proof that a little knowledge is dangerous.

or the new pope being elected will be worse than when Obama was elected and he seen the shape of our country that George had left him !   Any cardinal ever say NO THANKS ?Troubled Church?   How about presenting the news there YEEHAH and save the editorials for the appropriate page.    Yellow Journalism is alive and well here , and they love to move as far LEFT as possible.

Are they sacrificing little boys there as part of the ritual?

White or Black smoke, what is happening in Rome has nothing to do with Jesus Christ.

All these gay cardinals and priest of the catholic church they are a joke for god made man for woman and woman for man no exceptions only catholics do not follow the bible  but the devil may they all burn in hell for all eternity

The problem with religious people is that pretty soon they start think they are God.

What's the betting line on the various papabili?  Do either of the abetting US Cardinals have a serious chance?  Probably not unless the Prelates think God Wants another Pope who helped shield criminal child-raping priests from Civil Authorities.

Maybe they could install an electronic display instead and stop polluting.

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz

It's funny, the media is outside and they think they are on the inside. Look at the photo

Does any one else miss string cheese?Religion and the idea of "gods" is the biggest hoax ever perpetrated upon human beings. It never ceases to amaze me that there are a good many people in this world who still buy all this, hook, line and sinker. I suppose it will take another couple hundred years for them to evolve out of this--or better yet, we need an alien to come down and educate these folks on the real nature of the universe. (Of course, I'd be embarrassed to death to admit to them that my species still believes in this nonsense).

Behold, my children! Look to the SMOKING POLE as a signal! The white discharge means the new pope is cumming.

Couldn't they have just tweeted about it? #blacksmoke

First order of the day for the new pope should be to launch a global investigtion into the world wide child sex scandal by giving the boot to offending clerics then turn them over to the civil authorities for prosecution. This method worked well during the Middle Ages when the Inquisition used it.

Catholics really believe that Dinosaurs roamed the Earth Before our Bible says it was created.

Looks like a freakin costume party.apparently Satan has a sense of humor.

Where are the stone tablets containing the 10 commandments?  How could something so important be lost?

Woes?  Of their own making.  Who told them to diddle small boys while conducting a war on women?  If the Catholic Church is irrelevant [and it is in America] it is their own fault.  It is easier to find hen's teeth than a Catholic man in the pew.

It would be nice if people actually followed the Bible. The apostles were poor, Christiandom is filthy rich, The Governing body in Jerusalem had no one leader,  Christiandom has supreme leaders. Jesus said go in to your room ( in private) and pray to your father in heaven, Christiandom prays in public and use Idols in prayer. Jesus said who ever fights with the sword will die with the sword, Christiandom has blessed the troops and tanks in national conflicts.The Bible says to not mix with those calling themself brother is a ..Fornicator.. , Christiandom has tolorated pedophile priests for centuries. So on and so on.

#$%$ religionsLike a charade and dog and pony show all wrapped in one. Except everyone is dressed like Liberace

Why are they contributing to global warming?

The next Pope will be the false prophet, as predicted in the Bible, who will work closely with the Anti-Christ.  The new Pope will be European (Italian?).

ok guys, we're done for the day, you can put your cargo shorts and tank tops back on

Is a pope really relevant anymore to those of Catholic faith in todays world?

Oh this makes sense....Latin American cardinals ( might ) worry more about poverty and the rise of evangelical churches...than questions of materialism and sexual abuse that dominate in the west...now there is a telling sign...To: Borg...Iggy...Rob C...Thomas...John...etc...Ye all shall be the next Apostles for the Vatican...in this century....Go now...and ye shall cleaneth the churches of sin.. OK ? And taketh away the baskets...tell the people that we are poor...Go now...

Obama will probably steal this election too!

Very difficult to take this seriously.....  Did the pope see his shadow or not?  I am getting sick of winter.

Maybe he'll be black ... Its all politics.. Anyway.. Kinda like the first black american pres.. "give the people something to talk about.. While we continue.. Or dirty little wars.. And population control projects..." its all for show..

"troubled Church" It's a complete disaster. The Pope will continue to teach the false doctrine of the Catholic Church, and pretend that he's the representative of God on Earth. And the clueless Catholics all over the world, will continue giving 'em money to support the false Church and beliefs.What a weird spectacle.  Overdone by the media as usual.  Right up there with the season finale for "The Bachelor".

Why all this media coverage on the papacy? Who cares anyway? The pope is completely irrelevant, no mention of a pope in the bible...the whole thing was only started to be a source of political power anyway and now that time is over. He doesn't lead an army and they're not selling indulgences anymore folks, you can't buy your way out of sin anymore...

Thank God for Martin Luther!

Just tell me you bunch of fools won't hire a kiddie-diddler hider and a punk that allows the catholic parishes to file bankruptcy.

1.2 billion Catholics, enough said.

I heard Jerry Sundusky is heading the selection process. Thats why its all huss-huss.

Here cares. There all Gay pedophiles.

For how long can they hold out? They will soon miss the outworld and so quickly smoke themselves out. You want them to elect a pope who is functionally comfortable in the more culturally diverse and interdependent modern world. Benedict though scholarly not only become physically exhausted but also was out of step with the modern times.

Put me down for $100 on Peter the Roman.

Ok Cardinals. Try it again tomorrow but this time, each person should vote for somebody else. Not sure how long I want this on the news.Headline:' Cardinals head to conclave, Church beset by woes'. Some men may be beset by woes but the Holy Spirit isn't. ;)

What's cooking, good looking?

They steeped in 'ritual and prayer.' But does God listen to every prayer, or did he set a standard for which we should follow if we want to receive answers? Lets see..If prayer is to be answered it must be directed to the right One. That right One is the God of heaven and earth. The one that Jesus himself prayed to. His name is Jehovah: "I am Jehovah, that is my name." Of Jehovah it is written in Psalms: "O thou that hearest prayer, unto thee shall all flesh come." Only he can hear prayers, and all flesh that desire their prayers answered, including the Pope, must direct them to Jehovah. (Isaiah 42:8; Psalm 65:2) The question is; are they doing so?Many professed Christians direct their prayers to some "saint" or to Mary, the mother of Jesus. There is no Bible support for such a practice. It is praying to the wrong one. When the Son of God gave instructions on praying, only prayer addressed to Jehovah was approved: "You must pray, then, this way: 'Our Father in the heavens, let your name be sanctified.' Clearly, then, praying to statues or images is no part of "true" Christianity. The Bible says: "Idols are silver and gold, the work of men's hands. They have ears, but they hear not." People "have no knowledge that carry the wood of their graven image, and pray unto a god that cannot save." So prayer directed to any other than Jehovah is futile: "For all the gods of the peoples are idols; but Jehovah made the heavens." (Matthew 6:9; Psalm 115:4, 6; Isaiah 45:20; Psalm 96:5)Not only must prayer be made to the right One but the one praying must be right, that is, must be righteous, living in harmony with Jehovah's written Word. At 1 Peter 3:12 the apostle explains: "Jehovah's eyes are upon the righteous and his ears are toward their supplication, but Jehovah's face is against those doing injurious things."The rulers of this world, together with the clergy who have blessed their wars, have stained their hands with blood. Yet with outstretched arms they continue to pray to God for his blessing on their armies and navies. Jehovah says to them: "So, when you spread out your hands, I will hide my eyes from you; even though you make many a prayer, I will not listen. Your hands are full of bloodshed." (Isaiah 1:15)

Attention:  Clerical Commentators Wanted!We are looking for fresh faces to put onTV to make 'expert' comments about theConclave.  Must be part of the RomanCatholic Church clergy, male, and be ableto sound like a straight person on camera.Apply to:Roger AilesFox News

Say what you will, but I don't see the Catholic Church running a $1.5 trillion dollar deficit each year. If nothing else, at least they can handle money and balance a budget :-)

Resultsa fora firsta daya of-a voting-a:Uppa In-a Smoka.

Peter the Roman has my vote!

What are they smoking?

There is not one successful; Catholic nation on earth.  There is not one successful Muslim nation on earth.  The "bible bashers" have a valid point.   And as to the use of the term "BIGOT" this is a favorite of the Catholic when there is not one single shred of evidence that they can put forth to nullify the argument that the Vatican has a perfect record of a thousand years and a hundred nations of total, complete failure.

and frankly, my dear.......OH MAMA MIA, maybe the popes who lose can run for the new Chef Boyarde gig.

Anyone else wish that they could could sneak in a huge smoke bomb into the flu to baffle the world?

they should allow on line voting

they should let alterboys and ex-alterboys from around the world vote...that way they'll be sure to get the safest canidate

So they pray for divine guidance, but have never picked a pope on the first day. Was god busy doing something else...I mean isn't this the sort of thing he#$%$ may find important?Someone who's religious, please explain why prayer failed to work today...would they all not hear the same thing if god truely speaks to people? If god doesn't speak to people, how can you tell what a message from god actually is (other than your own mind creating thoughts?)

The new head of the child rapist relocation program will soon be picked!

Wecker...I do not know a lot about the Catholic church. I do know that many sick crimes against people including children were commited and covered up by your church leaders. If you accept that as part of the church...that shows your ignorance.

In the  back, smoke filled roomagain trying to firure out who next they can trust not to report any abuse...we can't afford this ya know...so  just shut up

K-Y is sold out!

Get on with it already, this story is getting as boring as a KiM Kardisan thread.Waiting to see who the next leader of pedophiles, (child molesters, child rapist), &amp; criminals will be.

They will all sit around munching on PoPe-sicles, until someone gets it!

these guys blow a lot of smoke up their buts

conclave again. Yea bend over baby spread your cheeks.

Robes, ropes, hats, predators, sounds like a cult.

Green Smoke signals that there has been legalization in Vatican City.

If one has truly identified God which is considered to be ultimate, you can easily identify that person. He/She doesnt need fancy clothing, crown and other golden materialistic stuff.. All these godmen in every religion are just  fraud..People be careful..You dont need a church/temple/mosque to speak to your God if it truly exists..These are just money making businesses. These religious institutions and the wall-street banks have exact same goals but different means.

Who will be the next head ped.?

I bet if Christ was somewhere in that group watching, he would have called their holiness and howled -"Hey yo guys why not make this selection simple save the money? 'Nuff of this tradition of white smoke black smoke, curtain red or white etc.  I thought them injuns own the patent to that smoke signal so why are using it?  Just get a piece of paper and write who you want to be next pope for crying out loud.  You can do that in 30 minutes.

When the ROMAM CATHOLIC CULT is full of F_GS, naturally you are going to have problems. They need men who are men and will leave little boys and girls alone and quit molesting them.hello hi

So many pedohiles to choose from!

The only proven function of Catholic church has been child molestation and tax avoidance...

Wouldn't it be interesting to watch how these pedophiles actually elect a pope. They claim they are using the "holy spirit", but behind closed doors all bet's are off with fetishly !

A new pope will not change anything in how the Catholic Church is managed. God save us.

99% of priests did not, did not commit these crimes, they are too busy with charities in the third world countries and all over the world.

Alright son. Let's play a game. First, close your eyes then I'm going to hide this communion wafer in one of my pockets. Open your eyes and try to find the wafer. But whatever you find you have to put in your mouth. Sounds like fun? Ok, close your eyes...

"Defense of moral teachings".  What a joke.  With all the priests who have been charged with pedophilia, and those who were just sent away in secret to other churches so they could start doing it again, this has to be the biggest farce in history.

And Jesus said unto his flock. . .It don't mean a thing, if you ain't got that bling. . .Doo-ah, doo-ah, doo-ah, doo-ah, doo-ah, doo-ah, doo-ah, doo-ah.

I support Sarah Paln for Poop..she can see a steeple from her back yard...Don't they look cute in their little beenies and flashy dresses.

I LOVE JESUS.I HATE THE POPE.

What do christians,muslims and catholics have in common?

My wife and I discussed this over coffee this morning. I'm not a Catholic, but I AM a co-religionist of the fellow this is supposedly all about. If the cardinals deadlock, I'm willing to take the job... provided that I can do it on a part-time basis

I am upset.. Who was the DUFAS responsible for making betting on the next pope illegal in the U.S.?  A new pope just doesn't   occur very often so I don't see that  much harm in wagering on it.. They ought to have Win, Place and Show wagering along with Over/Under wagering on it...

The only ones TROUBLED ARE Crispian Balmer and Philip Pullella. God and his servants have no troubles, none at all.

Send these clowns to prison

I'm anxious to see if the prophecy of the popes comes true will the smoke burn white black or red? will the new pope be called Peter the Roman or petrus romanos?

who cares.. what does the Pope even do?  It's not like it's the Renaissance Era when the Pope was one of the most powerful people in the world, along with being the biggest murderer..

The Catholic church is just plain screwy.  Priests reject marriage, but they think you have to pass through them if you want to get married.  They are celibate (well, officially), but think you should come to them on matters of sexuality.  Priests and nuns don't have children, but think they can provide the best education for other people's children.  Oh, and then they rape those children while pretending to be the moral compass of the world.  Get out of here with that nonsense!Sham Much?

they will eventually settle on Jerry Sandusky

Help me please!! But how can you look at the picture of these fools all dressed alike in those hideous outfits and ( first of all ) not laugh and then ever take them seriously??

I guess t's pretty hard to decide who is the biggest perv. !

I always found it strange that one day he's a Cardinal the next he's Pope and the most holy man on the planet. The Pope is "Elected". It's a Religious Political Appointment. Let's hope the new Pope does some house cleaning and spends some of those BILLIONS to help people around the world.

They will elect the creepiest pedofile pope.

I miss Father Guido Sarducci.

Really? After what, 2 weeks of screwing around, taking their time to show up, arguing over who walks in first, who sits where, what to eat for dinner, we are FINALLY getting around to the business at hand? Ok, who deals first?

The Church is so much more than the sum of its parts.  Because an infinitesimally small number of Catholics FALL SHORT OF THE PERFECTON WE STRIVE FOR (SOME FALLING WOEFULLY SHORT), we do not give up hope for our salvation, their salvation or humankind's salvation.  Believers know this.  And WE ARE the Church.  And WE are NOT TROUBLED.

Our Lord and savior said at Matthew 23:9 do not call anyone on earth your father, for one is your father, the heavenly one. The Catholic Church is full of false and pagan teachings. When one starts looking into it and questioning the priests they don't like it.1st Timothy 4: 1-3 describes the leaders.I pray, God, that the conclave is UNINFLUENCED BY THE MEDIA in making their decision.  Amen.

When the Catlick`s away, the Vatican smells better.

Venerabili Padre Cardinali, le nostre preghieri sono con tutti voi; coraggio e fede in nostro Dio; and as we say in Latin: Nihil amoris Christi praeponere... Good Luck as you elect our next successor of St. Peter the Apostle...This is for Catholic eyes only; not for Catholic haters; even though we still love you as separated brothers and sisters in Christ; so no need to respond with your vitriolic and insidious hatred...Thank you!

The first and greatest lie this planet has ever known is the lie that the human male is needed by, and important to, the human female and their children.  This particular lie is the grandfather of all lie’s, the lie from which all other lie’s, directly or indirectly, come from.  Every lie you will ever hear, see, be a part of, or be victimized by, will have this treacherous and cowardly lie in its background.  There has never been a single human male who ever did anything for the human female that women, as a gender, ever needed or couldn’t do for themselves.

One of the pope`s job descriptions is " must be good at playing hide the KY jelly"  " must like little boys" " listen to other molesters of the coven confess their sins and forgive them with only 1 hail mary penance".

It is sad that it took until 2012 for most to see what has been deceitful partices within an institution who can hold little control over the masses any longer!Big difference between those who follow the words from an organized religion then to follow the simple 10 commandments set forth to guide the faithful.

Praying for divine help in their decision my #$%$ They're going for the most dedicated crypt keeper to mind the church's volatile secrets from ever getting out.

u do know for the next few days theyre playing musical chairs.

Spring time in Roma,   lovely time of year.  So let them drag this out a while.

The official poop hat that looks like a wastebasket will be place in a corner of the room. Whoever tosses the most balls of paper within a half hour’s time into it will be decree the new poop. The wastebasket hat will ceremoniously be place on his head and he will be parade around the room as the cardinals form a extremely tight conga line with the altar boys.The Catholic church, which is based on the very foundations of true christianity, is in need of our prayers and support. Because of some isolated "criminals" hiding behind the cloth does NOT make the church or the Pope BAD. Because of those isolated incidents is no reason to disrespect and bad-mouth the church. Making fun of the church when it needs support and prayer the most is plain disgraceful, and does nothing to help.

"All the red-hatted prelates closed in the Sistine Chapel were appointed by either Benedict or his revered predecessor John Paul, and the next pontiff will almost certainly pursue their fierce defense of traditional moral teachings."  It is surreal how they will embrace and defend pedophiles, and then solemnly intone about how others should be conducting their lives.

Looking at that picture at the beginning of the boys strolling along trying to look pious.  They are truly in "high drag," aren't they ?   Wonder what that has to do with Jesus and his admonition that we sell everything we have and give it to the poor.  The millions spent on mere garments in this resignation,election conclave and subsequent enthronement would, if wisely spent have fed the desperately poor of several small countries for a month.

The new Pope will be the same as the previous Popes. The Catholic church, like all religions, is about money and power. Think I'll start my own church. Now send me some donations!! LOL

The Catholic Church is a joke.  Same goes for other religions.  Religious beliefs cause more wars and hatred than any other problems.  Religion is a faith and NOT a fact.  All religions should be taxes in the US.  Why should the Catholic Church be allowed to spend over a billion dollars protecting priests for abusing children?  Shoot them.  End the madness.  When I went to school, priests were drunks and not pedofiles.

I love the Queen of England!!!!!

Who gives a rats asz?Isn't god supposedly going to tell them?No body cares about the Catholic church anymore.They molest children, have sex orgies and launder money throught their vatican bank... what does that tell you about them?

I suspect mass Cardinal orgys during the voting breaks

Does the new Dope have to be a #$%$ to qualify?

oh great, more POOPThe Church is not perfect because man is not perfect...

They look like a bunch of old perverted pedophiles in red robes to me.

There's never been a time when the Catholic Church, and Christianity in general, hasn't face crisis. After all Jesus taught us to take up our cross and follow him. Jesus also said, "When the Son of Man returns will he find any faith upon the earth".

One tactical nuke and child rape drops by 60%

That isn't just smoke, then dudes are doing some serious bong hits.

What gay bashing closet homosexual little boy toucher is going to be elected next??? hmmmm decisions decisions.... Might as well make Sandusky the next pope!!!

God must be okay with pedophilia.

They are looking at child porn, the last one aroused wins.....then they burn the porn.

This world is so faulked up, even the Pope gave up....what difference does it make?

Why doesn't God just choose the pope? He doesn't need the primitive technology of the "burning bush" anymore. He could make his announcement to the entire world on CNN, Fox, MSN, CBS, NBC, ABC, &amp; Aljazeera.White smoke=White pope. Black smoke=Black pope, Purple smoke=Pedophile pope, Pink smoke=Rapist pope, Red smoke=Mafia pope, Green smoke#$%$ pope.

BREAKING NEWSThey have just chosen Padre Pederasti as the new Pope.

My bet is  Brazil's Odilo Scherer will win.

I thought the black smoke was from the incinerating of all the secrets...

Glory to the real God, thank you Jesus.

The pope is actually the vicar of liberace.

All their wealth, expensive art, surroundings and clothes...you could just see Jesus kicking over their tables.   This is one ex Catholic that's not supporting it anymore.   I find God now in helping others.

Black smoke after first votes.......hahahahaha! Just like the house republicans.......Nothing agreed on....LOL

Yawn....who cares? it is a minor church in a minor country.

They're electing a new head child molester. Wonderful.Why didn`t god write the Bible himself?

Does that mean Obama the Marxist Ratbag Ponce is a no go?

Catholics................How many times must you stab God in there heart before coming unto Him as a born again, spirit filled Christian?................By no amount of works are you saved!

Man, did this article bring out the ignorant comments.

Late at night as a practical joke one cardinal will wear the shroud of turin and make ghost sounds... woooo woooooooooo wooooooooooooo!

Catholics believe death is as much a part of life as birth is, and just as important.  So why was Pope John, when he was shot, treated with all the medical technology available to postpone death, and women can't use the most basic technology available to postpone life?  It's because they are flaming hypocrites, and just want more little Catholics running around.

who cares

who will be the new leader of the pedophiles?

I would be embarrased to be catholic. All these children starving in the world and they own the most expensive palace in the world. The vaticans gold and marble alone would end hunger in Africa.

They should just dismantle the whole sick systemAll of this pomp and ceremony for a god that does not exist.

Black smoke, white smoke, smoke screen,......

I pray to God that he smites them all with sparks from his anvil but I'm not dumb enough to believe in God so I know that would never happen.

want to redistribute wealth,take it from the vatican,then make all those lazy turds get a real job

While the popes are in Italy,can somebody ask them if  Jesus can be found in Pizza, or is it exclusive to tortillas?

"Police detained two women who staged a brief topless protest against the church"Ladies please!! You don't have the right equipment to get these guys attention.

What color smoke will be released to indicate that the catholic church is honestly addressing the victims of child abuse at the hands of the clergy?

Hanging chads ?

The new prospective Pope's resume would read:I have shielded, protected and moved 42 priests over the years. These are priests that were involved in molesting young boys. My actions allowed for these priests to contiune serving god and to find a new batch of young boys at the new locations all while protecting the priests from leagl prosecution.For my dedicated services, let the trend contiune and I truly beleive I would be a valuable asset as a Pope.

If all the revelations are correct... it has to be an Italian Pope.. and he is the Anti-Christ... look it up from the writings of a pope who lived a thousand years ago.... shhhh don't tell tho... it's a spoiler alert.Black Smoke??? They need better drugs.

I don't understand why they have to re-install the furnace and chimneyevery time.   Why don't they just leave it in there ?

Wouldn't it be great if they elected a Christian instead of a Nazi coverup artist?

The next pope will be another dope who likes to grope little boys they hope, they hope! So say nope to the dopey popes who likes to grope!

so which kid toucher will be picked?

Reading some of these vile, Godless and downright disgusting comments is proof that evil does walk among us every day. There will be a special place in hell for you of that there is no doubt.

The church isn't perfect...no way!  I'm leaving church.  At least people on the outside are all honest and upright.

They will elect Hillary to punish us even more.

how many children will continue to be raped by these pedophiles?

The only place you'll find more gay men than that room full of cardinals is the Democratic Party.  Just saying...They are so much better at hiding pedophiles, than they were at hiding Jews from the holocaust.

All of these man made rituals has absolutely nothing to do with God or Jesus! The money they spend on this nonsense could house and feed millions of God's children. Not to mention what they have stored away in that house of horrors called the Vatican.

Yawn.

The catholic church is just the revamped universal version of pagan rome. It is fascism wrapped in a thin veil of Christianity. They aren't what they seem.

Their playin poker,plenty of booze an young boys.

maybe the Vatican will adopt AGE LIMITS for all all pontiffs

If you think religion is about defending pedophiles... then maybe you are in the wrong religion.

I watched the goofy ancient white-man parade today on CNN.Funny stuff!You Catholics sure are a great reflection of the life of Jesus.  LOL!

Papal Tiara is full of S  H  I  T

Good time to round up these old pedophiles....I bet they loock themselves in to get drunk on all the wine they have and have an orgy!Make sure their aren't any little boys loocked in there with any of these so called men of the godless cloth!

The Catholic church is so hilarious!  All their goofy pomp and circumstance, their unBiblical, legalistic,works based religion is obviously not working so why don't they can all that mumbo jumbo and read the Bible to see what it says, use THAT as their authority instead of some fallible pope who is usually so old he is clueless.  Catholics worship their pope more than their God.  Being a Catholic is so much work!  The only HOLY FATHER is God.  NOT a Pope!

Cardinals head to the cave. Church go Whoa. Nice headlines.

Does black smoke indicate hashish or some sort of opiate?

does the pope do anything? except wave at people and take their money.

"Change" is not sole responsibility of the Church, its every soul's concern. Wake up people, look yourself in the mirror...

What are they doing in there? Finding out which one has the best little boy connections?

The papacy has been a thorn in Christianity's side for too many centuries.

They make a mochery of the Christian Faith !!!!

Can't get any gayer than the current powder puff.  Just saying..... Cardinals need to vote to sell off the socially, morally, and financially bankrupt/backwards Catholic Church at a dissolution sale...

Would any of you catholics leave your child alone with a priest? Just wondering.

Should Obama be considered as the new pope?

I apologize to the world on behalf of the body of Christ, the true church. The Catholic church and what they do, and represent do not represent genuine Christianity.  I repeat: They do not represent genuine Christianity. God bless.

I just had to laugh, I pictured these guys in the funny clothes in t-shirts, cutoffs, and flip flops.

Why do these dimwits cry and hand their babies to a pope?  This is not a divine being who has descended from the skies to heal mankind.  It's an imperfect man who got his job through an election cycle by a bunch of sexually repressed, imperfect men in ridiculous hats.

Obviously the heathens are drawn to the Catholic comments section.  Just like they crucified the Christ

That waste basket the poop wears on his head has a butt-naked baby boy hidden in it. It's the poop's midnight snack.

Liberals are banning together to ban smoke stacks on the Vatican because they are a danger to the environment

the next pope name is "amo altare puer" which translate " I love Altar Boys"Black smoke for the dark ages church; there is no Jesus to vicar!

let thy will of God be done.

what a pity couldn't agree on who is the best protector for pedophiles and gays. don't worry they will find the right one just don't let your kids alone with a priest.

To dress up like that , there has to be some psychological disorder  ?     Quite abnormal ... Halloween is not until October

Any man willing to dress the way these clowns do is just not right in the head.

I nominate....FATHER GUIDO SARDUCCI....."bene, bene, bene !"

Why does it have to be the Cardinals that elect the pope? Why not the Reds or Astros or some other team?

Elect a new dope but we don't want to hear about your club of fantasy...keep that religious garbage in a cave where it belongs.

How many anal visits will occur overnight as the "princes of the church" exchange sexual favors in return for votes?

Now I care.  They are polluting our air and causing global warming and climate change.  Can't they just slip a note under the door?How long would I have to live to see the end of these cults that we hold in such high regard?

HELLO! Easy choice: Barack Obama as POPE.  He was Nobel Peace winner for doing NOTHING.  Make him POPE now.  Nothing to lose.....HAHAHAA!!!

The article did not mention the Vatican Bank scandal...it makes Wall Street look holly!  Is it a double mortal sin when working for the Vatican Bank and you commit fraud, launder money and screw the flock?  These Vatican crooks and abusers are NOT going to meet St. Peter!!!

More than anything else the Cardinals need pitching and a strong lead-off hitter

What do most all religions have in common?  They each believe it's 'my way or the highway', 'we're right and you're wrong'.  And, they all work hard to impose theirs on everyone else.

It’s not just the sick priest, that should go to jail but all those who hid this and then placed them with more children

One, two, three, four, now we start our thumb war!

They need to elect a Pope of color, so as to checkmate the rise of Islamic Fundamentalism in the 3rd World. No need for a White Western European to lead this Church, unless they want to keep making the same mistakes over and over again.

Look, they're blowing smoke up our #$%$.

Catholics believe in Evolution; that we evolved from lower creatures before us; however; WE DO  have a God Given Soul that other creatures did not obtain.Why don't they come up with something better than the smoke bit....like a Swiss Guard coming out on the balcony and giving a thumbs up or thumbs down

#$%$??? is this really about seeking God or some joke! stupid people give momentum to all these kind of religious circus.

Good thing it was not red smoke, might have been one of there dresses on fire!

Bookies have been giving Turkson 11/4 odds.

In other words, the world's largest "rock, paper, scissors" tournament is about to begin.

Oh. I thought it meant 6 more weeks of winter.

Do they have to order chinese food delivered...or pizza perhaps?  And what about beer...who brings the beer??...i dont understand these weirdo's.

Mumbo Jumbo, smoke but no mirrors......yet!    What a laugh!

Why do we care about this? Do you really think that they will elect someone who will actually do any good for the church? Do you really think that this guy will come in, apologize for all of the bad things the church and its priests have done, and punish them accordingly? Or that he will somehow pull everyone together? No, they will elect someone who will keep them in power and push their own agenda. Sounds familiar doesn't it?

That's all they do is blow smoke.Would be more appropriate if the "black cloud" stayed over the Vatican until they thouroughly cleanse themselves of the pedophile destruction that it(catholic church) has caused on many families for generations!

they should be arrested for air pollution.

so?

Watch out altar boys!!! You got a new molester in the house........

Do not worry, Twinkies will be back in the stores by Summer.

It's all smoke and mirrors.

So stupid...black smoke, shart in pants, drive a Buick Conclave.  All this to see who gets to roll in the Popemobile?

Is the smoke because no pope was elected?  Or because they're destroying more documents.....

Green smoke means we're just vegging for a while and thinking about man.

This isn't news. Religion has no relevance in the modern world.Vati-con Con-clave is a con-job by con-men fooling their flock of followers. Its all smoke and mirrors folks. Part of a big con-game to keep you believing to lighten your wallets.

The Church has always been "beset by woes".  But we are learning what she is about more every year!  God is love is a great motto- and helps us be joyful Christians!  I love being a Catholic.

Bed check, which ones have a boy in their beds right now? Vote them off the island.

Troubled Crotch? Of course! Just consider the ages of the contenders and they all have issues with prostate health and impotence.

Even the Miss America pageant has a runner up ready to go if the winner is unable to perform. I mean, didn't these "princes" just meet a few years ago? How's about a vice-pope elected this time?

This is one of the most idiotic things a human can witness.  How can you be a Catholic and take any of this stupidity seriously?  Wake up morons....

I have this to say in connection with the papal election: If nominated, I shall not run; if elected, I shall not serve. Any objections?

Psy's 15 minutes are up. Is he Catholic?

This Conclave has always been the biggest legal gathering of Pedophiles in the History of the world.

Did anyone really expect them to pick a new Pope on the first day? This isn't news until someone is actually chosenAll priests should pass a battery of psychological tests, with emphasis on deviant sexuality...

Mary and all them statues or beads can NOT save you. Only Jesus Christ can save you!

With the "green revolution" going on, no one is complaining about this? lol.

Jesus, himself, would be appalled by the pomp, circumstance and ritials being performed by The Roman Catholic Church, in his name.

Now 4-1 they'll being going back to an Italian Pope, you heard it here first. ;-)

Man just chill, I am a Pentecostal christian who goes to a catholic school, and they don't judge me like my church judges them all the time. Whether you are Catholic or protestant or whatever, we're all trying to get to the same place so lets stop trying pushing each other out of line and let's help pick up each other's baggage. Peace

The Catholic faith is a complete joke and contradicts the teachings of The Bible at every turn. The Bible clearly teaches that Jesus is the only one that can save us The Bible consistently teaches that we should pray only to God, doing so in the name of Jesus Christ. “I am the Way, the Truth and the Life,” Jesus said. “No one can come to the Father except through me.” John 14:6. There is no need for "Saints" and absolutely no need to pray to anyone but God. While explaining the subject of prayer, Jesus said to his followers: “You must pray, then, this way: Our Father in the heavens, let your name be sanctified. . . .” (Matthew 6:9) Clearly, our heavenly Father is the only one to whom we should address our prayers. Also, We should worship 'the only true God', who is a God, exacting worship(John 17:3; Exodus 20:1-4). Show me even one time where Jesus says it is acceptable to pray to anyone but God or even one time where The Bible says it is necessary to pray for help from a Saint in order to get God to answer our prayers. It's a bunch of hogwash. Having a Pope is useless and unnecessary. Why people feel they need a figure head or "earthly connection" to God is beyond me because we all have complete equal access to God and do not need the blessings of mere men....which is all the pope is...a man and nothing more.

Must be looking for someone who sold nerve gas to the #$%$ like the pope before the last one, or maybe they are trying to find the most prolific pedophile! This certainly has NOTHING to do with God or Jesus!

I would love to apply this process to Congress and the President. Lock them in the Capitol until they agree to a plan to balance the budget. At the end of each day, they can send black smoke out the top of the Rotunda if there is no agreement.White smoke means they reached agreement, and we'll let them out....

Me likem smoke signal.You name it.  If it's sexual, the Roman Catholic Churchis likely to have problems with it:1.It's HELL for YOU if you divorce and remarry ( unless you can afford the Vatican's going-rate for an "annulment") !2.It's HELL for YOU if you masturbate!3.It's HELL for YOU if you try to enjoy sex without the chance of pregnancy!4.It's HELL for YOU if you use a condum to avoid getting AIDS or STDs !5.It's HELL for YOU if you have any role in abortion!6.It's HELL for YOU if you have any role in artificial insemination!#$%$ HELL for YOU if you have any role in stem-cell research!8.It's HELL for YOU if you fall in love with and want to live with a person of the same gender!9.Even marriage between one man and one woman, though one of the seven holy sacraments, is treated like a "necessary evil", tolerated only for those not good enough to be called to "holy orders" or to becoming "brides of Christ"!10.You can't even be considered for the priesthood if you are associated with a woman through "holy matrimony"!11.If you aren't a virgin, or at least celibate now, if you had the misfortune of "losing your virginity", you can forget about achieving ANY significant status in the Roman Catholic Church. Not only can you forget about being a pope, bishop or priest. You can't join a religious order. You can't be a "consecrated virgin". And, judging from the past record, you're not likely to be ever considered for sainthood. You're lucky - if you're a boy- to be considered for a position as "waiter" at Mass (with no tips)12.According to the Catholic Church, Joseph, Mary &amp; Jesus never had sex, John the Baptist didn't have sex, the 12 apostles didn't (at least after becoming apostles) , Paul of Tarsus didn't. Nobody who mattered engaged in procreative activity!13.Mary had a baby, but unlike every other mother who has ever had a baby, Mary had to have hers without any sex being involved!14.And Mary had to be virginal not just before and during that one miraculous pregnancy, but throughout her life.!15.Jesus couldn't have any brothers and sisters, despite the mention of such in the Gospels, as that would mean that Mary and Joseph engaged in the unmentionable!16.Even if you're a male, if you don't have testicles, the church doesn't consider you equipped to become a priest!17.For the Catholic Church, there can be no problem with "the gender you were born with" and transexual procedures don't change anything that matters.18. If you're a mother going through a dangerous pregnancy, no matter how many children you may leave behind, if you have to choose between your life, and the life of the unborn foetus, your church's patriarchs value the foetus over you.

They are just burning some evidence

BLACK SMOKE = NO POPE! GRAY = STILL THINKING BUT WE WILL TELL YOU LATER! WHITE SMOKE = NEW POPE! they never get it right the first time they will get it the next

I'm waiting to see the priest in the brown bag!!

Religions were started for three reasons: To captivate people, to make money, lots of money, but most important to keep people from a relationship from their creator whoever, or whatever they perceive that to be.The three biggest money makers on earth are oil, drugs, and God. People have turned Christ into a cosmic bellhop who is  scanning planet earth to see who tithes these money mongers, so that he can reward them with a new home, a mercedes and of course a beautiful blonde.

they all voted for themselves

I predict they're gonna pick the guy who drives a 1977 van and drives the neighborhood asking kids to help him find his lost puppy.

Black Smoke is the devil farting in your face. Old dirty priests that like to rape little boys all in the name of GOD. Religion should be taxed for being the corporation that it is. Priests should be put on trial for terrorism of young minds. Forced to rim job each other on Mtv. Run you little rats...

Black smoke, white smoke, untold, non-taxable wealth, untold secrets, and no snitchers, oh no. It's just another Cosa Nostra.

Time to elect a nun pope.  Oh, I forgot.  A woman isn't good enough for ANY leadership role in the Catholic church.  Its an old boys club.Did Jesus or any of his disciples wear strange hats, hold secret meetings, accumulate vast objects of wealth, or push bingo (gambling) to further their cause?

Holy smokes......what the heck are they burning in that thing......looks like and old Kenworth with twin stacks downshiftin...."I got chrome plated stacks and my smoke is black as coal"   Six days on the road.

Over two billion people is not exactly a 'decline in popularity" dummy.

Someone should tell Patricia Purdy that the goal of the Pope and other religious leaders should be to bring people closer to "God" and not to the "Church".

Maybe while they are doing this they can elect a new head of the Knights of Columbus, The K of C blew me off when I went to them about a Colorado "Knight" who suckered this Senior on Social Security out of hundreds of dollars in loans using the "integrity" of his Knighthood and invoking the name of God and Christ as collateral. The loans were repayable in two months it has now been well over a year. Sadly he is liar to his God and a rotten apple to his church. Being ignored by the powers that be reminded me about how the Catholic Church did the same with pedophile priests. It awes me as to what kind of people the K of C allows into their ranks and how a special messenger of God can defame god so lightly.

Personally I think they made a mistake with the last pope and not because he resigned. He brought controversy with him from day one after being ordained. Hopefully this time common sense is applied this time around!

Is there honestly anyone left who feels the Catholic church is any good?Between this, the pedo scandals, the banking corruption and not even mentioning the crusades, inquisition, nazi collaboration etc etc I think its time the vatican was turned into a museum and its funds and assets distributed to the poor like it should have been in the first place.It makes a mockery of everything its meant to represent

My money is on the black guy becoming the new pope, anybody else agree?

im still confuse..when they vote on someone an the smoke turns black ..does that name get disquialified from being voted on again...??? someone please help me..thanks you very much..for any answer.

This church has lost so many of the morales it dictates. I feel sorry for the Catholics. The ones I know are very dedicated to their church.I hope there will be a new a Pope. Nope no Pope today.

I'll be pope when it's marijuana smoke coming out of there.

Why they don't elect black priest has a pope?

Nosferatu was a #$%$ pope.  Just saying...

Black smoke or white smoke? In other words, are they smoking pot or crack?

Time to start electing the new head of their cult.

Are most Catholics child-molesting pedophiles?  Just curious.

Hey Catholics, got news for you,, your Count Chocula religion is dying.  Won't be long before Fiat takes over the Vatican.

I ex-communicated from the Catholic church in 1998 as did my family and friends.Broken...Top Down.

Will someone explain to me what is the reason for a Pope? What purpose does he really serve? Please someone! Please someone give me some rational explanation why a Pope is really needed!Well I guess Satan hasn't arrived there as yet. Stay Tuned!!

Bong smoke, the men in red dresses are having a major weed party, black bong smoke, dancing, boozing and gambling.  sounds like a hoot :\

When the Pope quits..it is all down hill from there.

I love these old story book tales...........

Catholisism in not a religion, is a business and a sanctuary for perverts. No matter what "Poop" gets elected it will continue be the same.

You know, I went to parochial school for 12 years and was never touched by the priests.I thought to myself, "What, I'm not cute enough?" It really destroyed my self worth. Thank you Catholic Church!!

I pray to the Holy Spirit to rule and Guide the Conclave to elect the  pontiff who will follow God's Wishes faithfully. It's really tough for the next Pope to navigate Church Ship in the rough sea of modern time, so help us, God.

can't wait for the next POOP

I am very pleased to see that the overwhelming majority of the comments here are of secular or atheist nature.  The world is trending in the right direction.

Black smoke?  Must be Obama voting.I don't get why the actions of this cult are in the news.  We don't care what a bunch of old people fixated on fictional ghosts do when they gather in secret.  Sodomites and pedophiles should not be seen as something to model aspirations after.  Women's rights, medical research, family values, health insurance and health care are more important than the feelings of a bunch of old pedophiles who even hate their own women peers..

The final, "Black Pope" of prophesy awaits.Will he come from the Gay Mafia pedophiles in the top levels of the Vatican who has been blackmailing the Church hierarchy for years?

The cardinals, who are now locked their building, are put on a bread and water diet if they fail to elect a new pope after a given number of votes.  This might be an idea that we can use to get the Congress, Senate and President to agree on a budget.

"Not everyone who says to me, 'Lord, Lord,' will enter the kingdom of heaven, but only the one who does the will of my Father who is in heaven. Matthew 7:21

What are the chances of getting one who will ordain women, authorize marriage of priests, and clean out the pederasts. Anyone doing that, the holy see would bring back the ex-tra pope and declare the reformer an apostate. This hierarchy is all about consolidating power.

American foxbots are the anti-Christ.  Read these comments; it's obvious to the most casual observer.

The black smoke will keep them confused,now who's deal is it??

I really hope its that cute kid leader of North Korea.

Biggest collection of Creeps and Perverts on the planet!

God tells his children that we are to follow the laws of the land, and if we rape a child or another person, then we are (sexual deviants) law breakers and should be punished as so by the governing laws of that land. However, the Vatican proclaimed that they are subject to NO law of any land, that proclamation is in DIRECT CONFLICT with the Bible............The Catholic Churches true colors are showing again from under there skirt.Burning straw to indicate the outcome of a vote?  Now that is a church on the cutting edge.

I would like to know where did they find the word Pope and where in the bible does it give an example using the word "Pope"?  The Bible that I read only talks about Elders, Deacons, Bishops or Shepherds.

Whew..for a minute there I thought the headline said "half-black smoke."That's all we need, Pope Obama..

Just a clarification: "Princeps" in Latin and "principe" in Italian mean "leader" and so cardinals are really "leaders of the Church", not "princes"

It takes a long time to elect the false prophet you know! This is serious stuff!

Any priest who sexually abuses a child is doomed. For Christ himself, said of the person that it is better a large stone is tied on his neck and he is thrown into a deep sea... But for sure such a priest is never a candidate in the coclave.

who cares really?

Pick Me, Pick Me!!!

[yawn]

Are they breathing in that stuff?  What a mess.It's all smoke and mirrors

Oh No! there is no pope, who is going to help the pedophiles get away with the crimes now?

What's the difference between a cardinal and a refrigerator?  Ans= a refrigerator doesn't fartd at you when you pull out the meat.

Black Smoke = Black Pope    /    White Smoke = White Pope.....?

I think we should elect our President by blowing smoke...oh wait...

Religion:  The downfall of the human race!

It is imperative that the cardinals take their time in electing a new pope. If they don't, and are careless and hasty with their decision making, they will find themselves in hot water with their followers and everyone else too. It is important that they don't elect a child molester and/or someone who doesn't respect human rights.

New leader for Babylon the great...

Circe de Sole: Much better entertainment value, nothing but "Pomp" Somebody please point to me the verse in the Bible regarding the Pope.

take a break guys, anyone want a little blue nunwhat if it's just a kitchen fire??  doh!

Someone needs to make a Conclave App so they can Tweet it out.

What makes me upset is that you can see the Pope. You can see the Queen. You can see the Prince. When can we see Santa Clause? Or the Easter Bunny? How about the tooth fairy? I wanna see them. Way better fairy tales than a pope.

The priests who do this. Has no right for a crime they done. The priests should be strip from the collar convicted &amp; sent to prison.

The admin obviously is catholic... Religion is the worst thing ever happened to mankind.

Or, it could signal that the chapel is on fire . . .

notice how the opening line lists "Roman" before all else? i think that speaks to all the wars.

So, there are priests and a pope so that I can communicate to God, suggesting that they communicate with God, while I can't. If that's at all true, why doesn't the Big Guy tell them who should be pope?

I don't mean to be disrespectful when I say this is great theater.  Hollywood couldn't do it better.

add to the pile of child molestors.I'm sure they can find someone on Craig's list...

I pray to God that He watches over the voting Cardinals and bestows on them wisdom and enlightenment.

Who the HECK cares!!

Does this mean they burned rodman????   let's hope so

I am sure that I can act the part of a pope and I am more intelligent than all before, so why not elect me? Also I am not a Nazi or a child molester. Also i would not want that job! LOL!

It's hard to find a real old guy that looks good in red shoes and a funny hat.

I hope the new Pope brings back Torture!!

Please everyone.let's not judge the catholic church and its rules.remember what Jesus christ said in the bible"judge not so that u won't be judged".only God knows the truth about these thingsFrm Maryann

Maybe this could be an opportunity for the Catholic Church to unite with the Protestants by electing a Pope who speaks in tongues, rolls on the floor and plays with poisonous snakes.

Just look at that air polution you think the church would just ring a bell to let us know that the chief child molester was elected....pedophiles...

Red smoke and the cardinals are performing the Daisy Chain!!!

Scola blames lezbian woman for all men becoming gay. Read it its in his book

the invisible guy in the sky.  what a concept for sucking money out of the small minded.

The gathering of pedophiles, and pedophile protectors.....

How exciting ! It's like waiting to see who won American Idol !Yep, actually, pretty much don't care about either.But I'm one of those idiots who just had to post something.I'm guessing pretty much most of the posters are right along with me.The wise man speaks when he has something to say, but the fool speaks when he has to say something.

I have read some of the stupid remarks that are listed below.  Some of these people are truly sick.  I pray that Our Lord will forgive their sick minds and allow them into Heaven.

we need a good old fashioned muslim hater........bring on a new crusade!!

Black smoke,ill bet they are looking for someone who has raped at least 15 little boys,the average 3 or 4 wont qualify you for pope

Who really cares?  I mean, how irrelevant is the Catholic Church today with its silly, medieval rituals, hubris and hypocrisy?What a gaggle of pompous fools.

We're going to be less in awe if we find out they just play poker for that position.

Why start the article with "Troubled Church"??? Slants the article from the get go.  Is it about electing a new Pope or condemning the Catholic Church for past sins?  No balanced discussion of Pedophilia in the general population and the estimate for overall unreported crimes.

Who cares. I'm really tired of this being plastered all over the news. The whole world isn't Catholic, thank GOD.I would be more interested if they stood up, took responsibility for all the horrific abominations they have either been partaking in or ignoring and cleaned house of ALL involved.

Through the intercession of the Blessed Virgin Mary and Saint Peter the Apostle; let the conclave in the spirit of love erect a Pope who will love the Church, and Shepard the people in truth and love.

The Catholic church is by far the most corrupt organization known to man.  Financed largely by the poor, with yearly expenses estimated at $172 BILLION, less than 5% of which goes to charity.All of the members, required to tithe 10% of their income on the promise that it will get them into heaven.  What a sham.This is an organization which has collectively done everything in its power to shield and protect pedophiles within their ranks, shuffling them around to different parishes whenever they were discovered.

Troubled Church?  The so called "scandals" of today's church are minor in comparison of all the trials and tribulations the Catholic Church has endured for more than 2000 years.  While there are some bad things happening, there are many more good things happening such as hospitals, food pantries, educational facilities, adoption agencies etc.   I would have to think that the pope being imprisoned, or Christians being persecuted and fed to the lions would rank a little higher in the "troubled times" eras.

Who cares? Money-laundering, homosexuality, pedophilia, oppression of women, living in opulence while pledging poverty, ignominious and tyrannical history, hypocrisy of the first order, rejection of science, magical and irrational belief system, can there be more???

Silver Tongue will be elected Pope.

A bunch of guy's in funny hats picking a new grand poobaah for their club. It reminds me of Jackie Gleeson or Fred Flintstone on their way to big important meeting at the lodge.OH MY GOD...who the F cares?????????????

Is this a conclave or a NAMBLA convention?

I'm guessing its going to be some old white dude.

maybe they should have a sack race for pope, put an alter boy at one end of the courtyard and the first one that gets him in the sack is pope

Is it really necessary to pollute the environment for absolutely no reason? An announcement is way more than sufficient. Just another over the top practice of the church to try and mystify what is all make believe.

its going to be someone from europe because the last time it wasnt was over 1300 years ago

These pedophiles draped in gold and jewels are fake as can be and will get what is coming to them.

revelation 2 verse 9

I hope it's Pat Paulson.

If the new pope was a woman, all these problems would be cleared up quickly.The cult conclave.  They look like a bunch of Haloween trick and treaters.  What is a good way to keep trick or treaters away from your home?  Dress like a priest.

It's just the pope blowing smoke.

just remember, he is just a man appointed men..."are we not, all, only human?"

Aint gonna matter....at the last second, Obama is gonna tell the world that since the darned St. Louis baseball team can't make a decision.....he is now Pope.

What I find incredible is all the opulance surounding a bunch of guys taking an oath of poverty. It doesn't matter that they don't own the "stuff" they get to use it. I love the outfits and jesters they make. That holier than  though posture is just amazing and the way they wave their hand and say they are blessing you. Talk about about a dog and pony show.  I can see Jesus rolling in laughter over this bunch.

Gag

Matthew 238“ But you are not to be called ‘Rabbi,’ for you have one Teacher, and you are all brothers. 9 And do not call anyone on earth ‘father,’ for you have one Father, and he is in heaven. 10 Nor are you to be called instructors, for you have one Instructor, the Messiah. 11 The greatest among you will be your servant. 12 For those who exalt themselves will be humbled, and those who humble themselves will be exalted.

They'll take vote after vote, four times a day, until one of them gets the required 77 ---- but it's not political. They have the audacity to ell us that the pope is chosen by God. What a crock! And when I remember that I believed this nonsense when I was younger, it makes me feel stupid.

Uh oh a secret conclave. I hope they made sure none of the choir boys are missing.

black smoke, no dope pope.If the black dude wins I'm going to become religious

In 1Kings Chapter 3, as *I Believe* ...is told the Story of Solomon's Dream at Gibeon, in which Yahweh asks the young king what he would wish for, and in the Dream, [to paraphrase] Solomon humbly asks that he might lead his people well... I wish for Solomon's Dream -and its Real Response- for the new Pope. Today is March 12, which in the 'old' Church Calendar of the Saints, -which some still keep-, is the Feast of a Great Pope and Saint, Pope St. Gregory the Great - who was a monk, incidentally [a Benedictine. I think]. Personally, I hope we get the pastoral, simple monk in the group, as the new Pope. WHOEVER IS ELECTED, HOWEVER, I HOPE HE IS THE *PASTORAL SIMPLE MONK* IN THE GROUP. MAY THE GREAT SAINT GREGORY INSPIRE THIS CONCLAVE TO GIVE THE WORLD, AGAIN, A CHANCE FOR HOLINESS...

"Thousands of faithful huddled in St. Peter's Square to watch the smoke pour out of the narrow flue in the rain-laden gloom following a day rich in ritual and pageantry."However, no sooner had the Black smoke dissipated when a thick, lighter, sweet smelling smoke appeared and filled St. Peters square. The mood of the crowd shifted and comments like "Coooolll"  and  "Far out man" could be heard.A spokesperson gave the following statement..  "Wow.. Look at all the colors!"

I could care less about some Pope. Just Europeans who have an affinity for children.

Old men in a secretive cult the have condoned, ignored, or been part of perverse behavior for thousands of years, in the the name of an almighty god. How could any of these men be holy. And if there is a god why would he choose them?

Cardinals getting ready to elect a new poop for a complete blow A,s,s religion.

Superstitious men prancing around in costumes and whispering to a magic ghost. That's fine, but let's not pretend they're not mentally disturbed for believing their delusion is real. Pad the inside of Vatican City, throw them all in (making sure they're not sneaking in altar boys), and lock the doors to the asylum.

will they play push in the star fish with the altar boys?

The  world would be better off if they vote to shut down the Catholic church , sold everything and gave the money to all the people they have harmed over the years.  The Catholic church is the biggest  slimeball origination in history.  It is going down the drain slowly, it will be gone soon.

Name ONE, just ONE entity which has 1.2 billion members, scattered throughout every corner of the globe, from very different cultures and backgrounds, different history and forms of government, with different languages ..and tell me you won't find some bad apples in such an IMMENSE population...of 1.2 billion (not million...BILLION).  The U.S. has a mere 300 million, and its got "TROUBLES" ..this secular media thinks the Church has issues?? ..now that is funny!Is the church troubled just because you write that it is?  Isn't that an opinion."TROUBLED YAHOO WRITES SENSATIONALIZED STORIES TRYING TO BE RELEVANT"

now one starving there that must be because of god.....but something tells me its the same reason no one starves at the IRS

So, it's okay to be antichristian by calling the church 'troubled', but you better not be antisemitic, huh!

This sounds like and looks like a lottery machine for religion. These pedophiles are paid 200 mil a year income off their stupid sheeple.

The Catholic church has been corrupt since it's inception.  Why in the world would people think (unless they're duped) that a new Pope would make positive changes.  The new Pope will work to usher in the final events of the New World Order, because the Catholic church is the head of the NWO.  In addition to that, those who are Bible believers and understand about the Mark of the Beast, the mark of the beast is to accept and worship on the venerable day of the Sun, (i.e. Sunday).  In other words if you refuse to worship on the true Sabbath (Saturday) you have accepted the mark of the beast.  The Catholic church instituted worship on Sunday in 321 A.D. and became the seat of universal Roman power in 538 A.D.  They have murdered, raped, and attempted to silence anyone who went against them all these centuries.  They WILL NOT change.  They are steeped in tradition, pomp, and circumstance.  As Jesus put it, they are "white-washed sepulchers", "full of dead mens bones".  In fact they have dead men's bones (relics) under any alter wherever a "mass" is performed.The people in the Catholic church are wonderful people who are duped by a system that is the most corrupt on the planet, under the guise of religion. (It's no wonder so many people don't want anything to do with religion)  But it is a FALSE religion.  It was not founded by Peter, and it was certainly NOT founded by Christ himself.  Jesus Christ would not have anything to do with such a thing.  (In fact He writes about it in Revelation 17) They took the statue of the Greek god Jupiter and renamed it Peter.  They worship relics, and statues where God himself said "you will have no other gods before me". Exodus 20:1  The Catholic church is the "woman" of Revelation 17 who is "arrayed in purple and scarlet color, and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of abomination and filthiness of her fornication: And upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH." Notice it says "MOTHER OF HARLOTS"?  Who claims to be the MOTHER church?  A HARLOT is one who is unfaithful to God by making her own laws that are contrary to God's law.It's time to wake up and "come out of her my people, that you be not partakers of her sins"  Revelation 18:4

Do you also get a "Men's Only" Jacket? HAHAHA This is so ridiculous, how can grown adults believe in fairy-tales and fantasy? It's truly appalling...

How long will this “Boys” club continue? It’s a centuries old fairytale, designed to control the masses. The cracks are showing, the walls are crumbling, and they won’t be able to hold it together for much longer. People are smarter now, they ask questions, and our commons sense tells us that this whole sham really makes no sense at all.

The sin of one person is not the sin of everybody else. Don't blame every good Catholics who are faithful to God.

This is always a cartoonic sight !

If the Toys R Us ads are considered porn, then you must be a catholic priest.they should do a TV show like Lebron did

One word describes this absurdity: RIDICULOUS.

If you say you have not committed any sin be the first to send those priest found guity to prison. Let talk other things

Just give it to Obama. He already believes he is the almighty and so do his worshipers

you've got a chance in this election, mittens romney.  prance right up there in your magical undies on your dressage horse.

Why don't they simply ask their god for advice, duh.  "Prayer helps!"  Yeah, right.

Foolish me, hear I thought that the black smoke meant that they burnt the pizza.

I sincerely pray to our Lord Jesus Christ, that He may continue to bless His Holy Catholic Church He founded through the St. Peter, the prince of the Apostles and the first Pope - the Vicar of Christ on earth. As He promised "I will be with you till the end of time". Despite the hard working of the Devil of divisions and disbelief of the competitors of Christ, yet  the Holy Spirit will continue to guide the Holy Catholic Church. As the Cardinal electors choose the next successor of St. Peter - we pray for the next fisherman who will lead the church in the modern times. Viva Christo, Viva Papa, long live Jesus Christ and His Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church.

"Black smoke signals no pope elected at first conclave vote"... Ewww----Ahhh... The religion of the mindless unquestioning masses is about to  put on a new mask with which to deceive even more by. So says their friends in the mass media. : )

I think they are all playing cards.  Acting just like our government. #$%$ money away they don't have to spend. Oh, that's right, it's not there money. It's ours. Our was.Ask any Americans who are Protestants if they think Catholics will go to Heaven and/or about praying to Mary, and get ready to listen and watch their reactions

FOLB.............

As a former Catholic...still respect my 12 years of great Catholic School education!  Vatican needs to select a Pope who is under 65 and respects a diversity of opinions within in the church.....OR No more catholic church. With that said, do not sacrifice principles I was taught years ago!

I wonder what the advertising cost is for this circus.  Many news media companies have been paid great sums to produce these flattering articles and false hype.  The same happens for U.S. Politicians.

Jesus was just interviewed by Matt Lauer on NBC. He said, "No one even asked me for my opinion. I'm the one that has to deal with this guy. But, I'm sure they'll make the right decision."

Frauds "asking for guidance from someone other than themselves" is the oldest scam in the book.

Catholics are a bunch of peadophils,pervs ALL!.If you want your son molested,tell him to be a alter boy

I see that the anti-Christian, anti-Catholic, Obama crowd is out tonight!

What a beautiful morning picture of the St.peters Basilica!Peace be with you all and may the Holy SPIRIT guide your steps princes of Holy Mother Church in selecting the next sucessor to St.peter.To all you haters that utter outrages and blashemies against Holy MOTHER Church,i LOVE you and will pray for you also.PRAISE BE JESUS MI IMMACULATA

The only reason there have been child molesters in the Catholic Church is because we let a few liberals slip by. Get the liberals out and we will fix the problem.Do they get to play tether ball at recess too?

They have enough of Bill's Cigars to last them weeks .

I wonder if they will order out for wings.

why is it that the extremists on the right (fundamentalist types, Seventh dayers, jehovas witness) and the extremists on the left (communitsts, secularists, extreme gay righters) only have ONE thing in common- a deep hatred for the Catholic church. it's one of the things that got me (while i was a protestant missionary) to at least look at the catholic church and ask, what's going on here? why do people hate this thing with such weak reasons and arguments.and after a long search through the scriptures, though history, and though asking questions i was led home to the Catholic church

I agree with scar, ooha, you are ignorant. Thinking the next pope will have to be younger than usual, to have the strength to deal with the troubles while continuing with the day to day business.

Father Guido Sarducci for Pope?

Nazi burn Jews, Catholics evidence

I saw one of the Cardinals with button on that said a vote for me is a vote for the Catholic church.

Hard to believe the Catholic people allow an unelected board to pick and choose their next leader.  I would expect a more democratic process in the 21 century.  The pope is not a god.  he is a man who is the head of a multi-billion dollar enterprise.  There should be as must disclosure and transparency as possible.  The people should vote for their pope.  Not some unelected cabal behind closed doors which is what he have now.

The Christ has turned his back to the church,For years the the church is seen for what it really is.how much proof do the people need. Keep filling their plate with money and they will never prove any different.My what silly foolishness and these are supposed to be grown men ?   Dressed up for halloween every sunday ?   Really makes one wonder about humanity

Snoopy for pope snoopy for pope.............or Tim Curry!

the world needs a new pope , just like i need a new hemorrhoid

Millions are starving all over the world and these pseudo Christians spend money on themselves

Perverts all !!!

Electing a Pope who won't absolutely fix the pedophilia problem in the Church would be a Cardinal sin.

Amazing how this nonsense still exists.

Lookout for Peter the Roman.

Don`t you find the Bibles lessons rather dated.  Time for an update.When all the ice melts were going to become Water World, with no exposed land.  Noah and the flood will have no meaning.

so what is real criteria for this position? who has most gay ot pedifile porn? in reality other than collect money what has any of them done to be elected?I guess since Catholics believe in Jesus and his word that God will forgive them of their sins is why the priests seem so willing to molest children and the church is willing to cover it up, they truly feel they can do anything they want and all the have to do is ask to be forgiven and they will be.  Sorry I do not think it is that easy when you destroy someone life, especially a child.

All I see is a bunch of old white rich guys with funny hats on ...

How about the new pope speak out against child molesters within the church, not support them, not make excuses for them, and start by getting rid of them all?  That's the biggest quality I'd like to see in a new pope.

He doesn't pray for my sins. i don't need anyone to do that since I accepted Christ and now have direct access to Him.

What is going to happen to religion when we finally discover intelligent life outside of our planet?

That wasn't black smoke, it was the fumes from all the little boys' #$%$ being gang-raped.

If they were electing a leader for the #$%$ club, smoke rising up would probably signify something else.

I hope they prosecute ex-Pope Benedict for his Nazi atrocities.

Wow...it's amazing, because I never read anything read anything about a pope or Vatican in the bible. I don't understand it.  💡🔜

Dark financial clouds hang over Vatican==========Next pope will be taking reins of one of world's largest institutions -- and a business very much in trouble.............Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh, looks like those priests and cardinals and archbishops better keep it in their pants if they don't want any more hush money paid out to parents of the little boys and girls they sodomize and rape.Right, Benny Rat Boy, you know that all too well, don't you.Watch Mea Maxima Culpa, folks, if you want the truth.Religion is ..confusing

They're taking "High-Tech" measures to prevent eavesdropping, yet communicate the outcome by smoke signals?

For each contestants there will be a white pebble plus one red pebble.  The pebbles will be stuck up the buts of Altar boys.  A bell will ring and the colored pebble hunt will begin.  Whoever finds the red pebble is pope.

Got to love journalists.  There is NEVER a "clear frontrunner",  The last 3 were complete surprises.  And it is always a "daunting" period in the church's history.  The world hates the church and will always try to destroy it.

I think it all boils down to who looks best in a red dress.

black smoke is a obama speach.

Sorry Barry.  You can't run for this election.  Muslim radicals go to the back of the bus.

Can't help but wonder if the child abbusers and their protectors in conclave will be called to account before a vote is taken. This would be a welcome first step in church reform; otherwise more of the same for another 20 or so years. This is truly the "Peter Principle".  The elevation of the worst by the worst while the faithful continue to suffer the consequences or fall away from this self perpetuating self rightous gang of predators and hypocrites like Mahoney on paid vacation while the poor suffer.

Why do the St. Louis Cardinals get to elect a Pope?  The Giants won the World Series.

Most liberals deny religion and God,  but at some point,  worship Satan.  Strange, eh?  That's like worshiping Motley Crue and not being a doper.The one who raped more little boys wins, right ????

The sooner the old religious boomers die off the sooner the human race can try and fix what they broke!

They will probably elect a half monkey...  er, I mean Italian Pope.  Just saying...

Catholicism screwed up the view of Christianity soooooo much.Trying to ease the conversion to Christianity the Roman rulers at the time infused it with the disgusting paganism that was the way up to that point. Jesus fulfilled the law and died for our sins and rose so that we may have enturnal life with God. They know less about being like Christ then about being like a peacock!

One Pagan Pope is as good as another.  Think not?  Read Jer: 10 and Dan: 7:15 you won't here them in your church.

I am so fed up with the Catholics. I am an unemployed senior and a Colorado Knight of Columbus used his knighthood and the integrity of that, God and Jesus to rip me off for hundreds of dollars manipulating me with the promise of a job. What a disgusting group of people they are. Tried to talk to the K of C people and was blown off like the Catholic church blew off those who were being abused. The 'Knight" who lied will meet his fate with the God and the Christ he invoked to rip me off. Rest in Hell guy!!!

Good to see Count Chocula stepping down.  Just saying...

Who fugking cares about this dying pedophile institution? Dump this story already.

if you see a "BLACK SMOKES" - they rejected a black pope -- if you see a "WHITE SMOKES" it's gonna be a WHITE POPE.....again!

Q: How do you make a nun pregnant? A: Dress her like an altar boy. :)I can't believe how much press this is getting... The catholic church is sillier than the Muppets!

What old elderly white guy will it be this time?  The 79 -year old or the 85-year old?  The suspense is killing me!

this might be the last opportunity to simply call it quits for this ritualistic cult!

"hey, come watch the bizarre rituals of religion that claims to be more Real than other religions. which old male chimp will be our guide of morality and mediator to god?"grow up as a species and start taking care of each other instead.

Boring!

God help us if that apostate swine O'Malley is elected!!!

I love Catholic/Protestant Jesus wars. Funny watching you guys go at it. No offense.

that black smoke ,was coming from the butts,of all the worthless, #$%$ dressed in red nobody cares who the head #$%$ is

They are having a #$%$ inside , white smoke means someone Scored .

so, guys dressing up with funny hats and burning things and lots of crosses arounddidn't we have a civil war over this?The only good thing about Catholics is their silly fish frys.  Am I right?

They're burning all of the evidence that's been submitted to them which shows their involvement in child molestation and corruption.

Woes be set by the prejudice, bias, bigoted, racist, hateful, speculative, accusing, sensationalist news media !

I wonder if they check for Birth Certificates or to see if they are NRA Club Card holders?Oh wait, that's another radical group.Never mind.

What a cult

When you look at history, the Catholic Church has come a long way from the days of the Inquisition and dictating policy to nations from the Vatican.  Their lack of willingness to change with evolving times (granting women the priesthood, ending discrimination against gay and lesbian folk) is troubling, but their history of sheltering pedophiles is downright disgraceful. Hopefully the Pope they appoint will clean house and move this very powerful institution forward.

That means we have the first Black Pope! Sweet!

So, when is the last pope supposed to happen?  Didn't Saint Malachy predict that the next pope would be the devil, or did he get his order mixed up?

How do people entertain these theatrics? I don't understand.

Hear ye! Hear ye! The decision has been made! The new pope is...Jerry Sandusky.To be honest, I was pretty disappointed by the first 265 popes. But I have a really good feeling about this one.

The first day the cardinals engage in speed dating...not sure what happens the rest of the days until they choose...a new man in a dress with a rather stylish  hat and great red pumps!

If Michael Jackson was alive he would have made a good poop candidate.

my money is on some old white guy...

Black smoke you say. Well, either that means no one is chosen yet OR the Cardinals are cooking ribs.

Ahhh... I love the smell of black smoke in the evening...

what if you see yellow smoke?

So, Black is bad, White is good. They're racists.

what a bunch of #$%$. these guys are probably in there comparing child sex stories and drinking beer.

"Church beset by woes"  Is Joey Lawrence Catholic?May the Lord be with the Cardinals as a new leader is selected to my Church

The Church is just as corrupt as the dirty US Supreme Court... we should laugh at this #$%$

Black smoke? They're probably just roasting marshmallows.

a fly on the wall stated the cardinals are flocking together and partying like no tomorrow!

"no pope elected at first conclave vote"They must have been distracted by all the little alter boys.

black smoke - hashish,  white smoke - crack. Just an excuse to party, like any Catholics I ever went to school with needed one.

And if it's orange smoke, the cardinals are giving each other BJs.

Catholicism=Made-up BS.

Is there anyone out there that is part of this religion that does not feel a little embarrassed, silly or foolish about now?

Sorry, but it doesn't matter who is in charge. The fish stinks from the head down.The cardinals are expected to hold their first vote late on Tuesday afternoon before retiringto the Vatican Resort and Casino for the night.

As a hopeful Catholic, the time has come to elect a Pope that doesn't come from Italy, that doesn't have loyalty to the "insiders" but rather challenge the norm.  Embrace the present, reform the obvious obstetrical s  to moral creditability.

Endless Pope this, Pope that, Pope Pope Pope! is anyone else pooped from all the Pope?

Incomplete title - Should read "....Church Beset By Woes OF ITS OWN DOING".

It does not matter who they elect, it is not going to change what others are doing in private! I see this as no big deal about the whole of the church. The actions by others continue on as we have witnessed in the past and present! Hypocracy at its finaest.

Where do they find a new Papal, the Pope Combine?  What's his vertical and his time on the 40?

A secretive, filthy rich, child molesting cult.  When are the arrest warrants going out for aiding and abetting pedophiles?

Look at all those dandy man dresses and what about those fabulous hats and shoes!

One good bomb and we'd be rid of all these #$%$.

The Cardinals a are praying for divine inspiration on how tocover up more scandals and abuse.By a show of hands ..who in this room has never had touched a child...anybody?????Now by a show of hands who has never had to lie to the police about touching a child....anybody????Great...Now lets go put on our big party hats and pick a pope who will continue to carry on our traditions.

Before any of you snotty snarky Internet atheists start spouting off on God, remember that the crown jewel of atheism, North Korea, is threatening to nuke the Unites States. It's doing it out of sheer desperation in order to get food. According to you snot-nosed Dawkins worshippers, North Korea should be the world's economic, cultural and scientific powerhouse.

One thing for sure, it won't be one of these pedophile priests from the United States.

I would implore the Holy Spirit and Jesus, not to mention God, to ignite these bishops with the fact that the Roman Catholic Church is now in the 21 st century!! God bless them all, but please God, help them to find a leader of the church who knows that it is 2013, not 1813.

And the Faith goes up in smoke! Poof!

Catholics elects a pope America elects a dope. Now no one has any hope for help from the pope or the dope in DC.

Do they wear their hoods in the conclave? I forget.

Apostolic succession is not biblical. The concept of apostolic succession is never found in Scripture. What is found in Scripture is that the true church will teach what the Scriptures teach and will compare all doctrines and practices to Scripture in order to determine what is true and right. Alignment with Scriptural teaching, not apostolic succession, is the determining factor of the trueness of a church. Apostolic authority was passed on through the writings of the apostles, not through apostolic succession.

About a third of NAZI Germany's army, police, railway workers, prison guards, etc., etc., etc., were Roman Catholics, and much larger percentage of the top leadership of the Third Reich were Catholics.

All this media hype over electing the head of the world's largest cult. The Catholic Church is a large corporation dealing in b.s. and spin, and saving souls, but it is really about accumulating more and more wealth. Churches of all types should pay taxes like any business. The Pope could deduct his expensive silk robe dry cleaning bill......We live in the End of Days...as written in the Book of Ezekiel and the Book of Revelation in the Bible....Read the Bible...People..Choose who you will serve....God's word....or the Antichrist and False Prophet

Who cares ??????????? They are not of god at all, a bunch of in the closet gay men, and molesters of children, if any of you think they can get you into heaven your !!!  wrong  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. They changed gods word in their bible, drunks and molesters, leading the world to hell, when jesus comes all the pope worshippers will be sorrry and left behind, repent now and stop worshipping these fool pedifiles !!!

Burn green smoke for the Loch Ness Monster!

To the clowns and media suggesting they modernize it with social media go to hell its called tradition something you dont know.

Eventually, all religions will fade into history just like Zeus, Odin, Ra and countless other mythologies.

Power Play!

Time to elect the next, pedophile in chief.

They look good in their fish hats ,  worshiping "Dagon" the fish god,  The new pope will wear this fish hat also, and carry jesus on a crooked stick, what a farce.

Imagine that, an election that Obama cant stuff the ballot box with illegal alien votes and union corruption. USA elections are more corrupt than Cuba, Venezuela and Mexico combined

They put on quite an extravaganza.  But the reality is an institution drenched in corruption and sexual depravity.What is with the wall to wall media hype over this corrupt organization.If its not laundering money for the mob by the Vatican bank, its pedophile priests and cardinals having their crimes covered up. Anyone who would support this cult financially, emotionally or spiritually is completely out of their mind!

They need younger Popes.  This is the 5th one I've seen in my life.  Maybe if they got some younger more worldly Popes in office the Church wouldn't be so screwed up.

this has all the earmarks of a frigging cult,and why do so many people worship a MAN,they all look like a bunch of lost fools standing around,totally no direction of there own,bunch of acc clowns

non Catholics why worry anyway???

the one who can balance that big hat on their head the longest wins

"The Shoes of the Fisherman" What a burden and responsibility for a human to carry.

The Catholic god must not be doing a very good job of getting his message to the Cardinals.

What would Jesus say about all this pomp and circumstance???

(Singing cardinals)New black smoke, no white smoke, just black smokeNo new pope, no new hope, pope on-a ropeWhy can’t they just pick a good new pope?  No hope.Why nope?- Cause everyone is groping for the soap.(Go watch Young Frankenstein, if you need help with the tempo.)

Relgion is the root of all evil.Black smoke signifies that the cardinals got all seeds and stems in that last bag. If you listen, you can hear Bob Marley playing through the door.

may there be black smoke from here on out. no need for a pope. it'll simply be more of the same from the church that's been going on for centuries. time to deconstruct the vatican

If we didn't have such a scam going on in the White House right now, I'd get into the scam perpetrated by the Catholic leadership from their beginning.

Smoke out of a chimney??????? Weird!

All in favor of no new pope, no more intolerant oppression, no more lies, ridicule, pedophiles, genocide, womanizing, child abuse, &gt;insert endless list of Catholic Church offenses&lt;? Please, someone.

What's the qualifications, never raped a little boy?

They'll return to their hotel rooms for the night to feast on the flesh of young boys. Religion is bunk. There is no God. If there was would God allow these ancient vampires to do the evil deeds they have done and condoned for thousands of years? No God. Only little men, made of flesh and blood, but given positions of power they don't deserve. You're saying these freaks are better human beings than me? Spare me. I've never done a thing to harm anyone yet these clowns over thousands of years have so much blood on their hands they could paint the church red in minutes.

Throw all their names, into a hat and pick one. Who cares. It's just a foolish game of make believe. I am sure Christ would be very happy with the way they took his name, made a new religion and then filled it with pomp and circumstance. Jesus was a Jewish rabbi and if he came back to earth...impossible, being that he has been dead for 2000 years...he would do his worshipping in a Synagogue.

I went to a Catholic service once, all the priest talked about was fund raising.

i'm waiting for the yahoo story on how obama is going to pressure the church into picking a new pope ASAPI just learned that when a new Pope is chosen he must choose a new name by which he will be known from that point on. How about Pope Pedophile I

Black smoke until the beef carpaccio and portofino runs out.Then they get down to serious voting.

The Catholic Church lost all the moral authority it had after the pedaphile priest scandle that from top to bottom it hid from view until it became known to the world. The Church itself from top to bottom is an incredible secretive and corrupt organization as exposed by 60 minutes and yet the sheep still keep coming. I am still a christian and I left the so called "Church" long ago along with the rest of my familiy and friends and a whole lot of other people. Believe me it was no loss at all. God lives in your heart and certainly not in the Catholic Church or any other church for that matter.

Peter Turkson was a professor at St Teresa's Minor Seminary in the village of Amisano and Pedu, Ghana from 1975 to 1976. He entered the Pontifical Biblical Institute in Rome, earning a licentiate in Sacred Scripture in 1980. He returned to St Teresa's in Ghana for a year, 1980–81, after which he was given the nickname PETER THE ROMAN by the villagers.

Patience. Wait for the conclave, election, signal and announcement !

... old fart pedophiles...

There are many traditions of the Catholic church which are puzzling to me.  I've never understood how the Cardinals can say they are voting as the Holy Spirit urges them.The Holy Spirit is one entity with one desire.  If the Cardinals are indeed listening to the Holy Spirit and NOT voting by their own desires, why does it take so long to elect a Pope?  And why does there need to be an election?  Wouldn't they all convene and hear the same word from the Holy Spirit and all know who is to the Pope?  Why do they keep voting until they have 2/3+1??It just seems to me that they say they are listening to the Holy Spirit to convince the people and then each one votes on who they prefer.  And they say it's not political?!?!?!?!.......RIGHT!

To attract new followers, they will name Pope John Paul George Ringo.

Black smoke means they are burning their underwear and having a gay orgy.

Will the cardinals hold conclave to conclusively realize that they believe in a fairy story and their beliefs are nothing more than religious hokum. Now that would be something to celebrate!Bunch of weak losers praying on the weak minded. Theatrical Bull Shirt!!

You stupid Catholics, stating that Peter was the founder of your church.  Jesus taught that God would deliver the Jews from the Centuries long persecution by the Gentiles.  The Diciples wanted nothing to do with Gentiles.  It was all Pauls doing (Saul of Tarsus)- who NEVER knew Jesus, but knew the Gentiles very well.  Read the Bible and learn the truth.

Enough of this pedo propaganda already.

Probably has a child molester background.

All of their outfits seem to have been created to impress medieval peasants, who were uneducated and unsure of where lighting and earthquakes come from.

it took 666 ballots, but a pope was finally elected

The pope is a #$%$ that plays with little boy peepees and brain washes people..these people that follow him disown their families and hate their own children  sad news they have the balls to say they are clean and live by the Bible..no one can fill Gods shoes and if they say they can let them walk on water to prove it..

The only thing worse than this bunch is the Mormons.  And the Jews.  And, of course, the Muslims.  Just saying...

I tell you what, with all the #$%$ that the lapdog media can come up with, they find it!!  I'm what you call a cradle-catholic, which means I've been a catholic since birth.  In my time, I have seen them come and I have seen them go.  And boy did ol Benedict just get up and go!!Being here in the United States, our faith and temperaments have been really really tested with what obama and his talking head puppets have put out... abortion mandates, cutting our military presence, Bengazi not accounted for, bailing out on the budget and please help me Jesus - blaming the Republicans for everything.  Yep, ol Pope Benedict just bailed out on us American catholics and what ... what now????  We look to the Holy See in Rome for strength and guidance from way over here.  Then, he bails out on us.  I know in my heart it is truly unfair to compair him to Pope John, but Pope John was in the trenches with the people of the world way way before he became pope.  That made him the "People's Pope". Rightfully so. And Pope John stayed in the trenches til he died.  As for so-called problems in the church.... they're everywhere... some are more profilic than others.  Personally, we need a man who comes from the trenches, heart and soul. Won't matter what race, place or nationality, but we need a man who can tell the media in a really nice way to go to hell.

See, the damn groundhog was right!Huh!  More like "princesses" of the Church.  So many wolves and so few sheep in that crowd.  Still doing it all behind closed doors so no one can witness the b'slapping and hysterics going on.

Despite all negativity focused on Catholic Priests, This is a beautiful thing they do here.

for the kind of "men " that live in the batican I think the smoke should be multi color kind of a RAINBOW !!

Papacy - The Masonic crooked organization

These people are still living in the past. They still think there are people out there they can fool and manipulate.... unfortunately, they are right.

Are they electing the least pedophile cardinals?

Can't believe this bs still goes on in this day and age, religious kooks!

This isn't news. Religion has no relevance in the modern world at least to any sane, humane, and educated person.

So i guess they use their rosary beads as anal beads with each other huh? And holy water instead of KY jelly in a pinch yeah?

If you really think religion is relevant, look through a friggin' microscope.  If that doesn't change your mind, you're lost.It's amazing how much time you haters have to post on an article you don't want to read anyway.   I'm proud to be Catholic.

Many are awaiting the next pope, and many are awaiting the false prophet.

Looks VERY polluting. What are they burning in there, old tires?

I wonder if they will call Tom Hanks in!

What organizations do in secret is always up to no good.

some people not go church eaither ,,,,, they know about god that all have ,,, they like go church catholic anyway who knew

Don now compare the population of the US and that of the number of priests in the US! You will come up with a different percentage. All you religious people have an excuse for anything and everything and then come up with another excuse as to why!  God doesn't need a building or 100 of versions of a bible or holy book all he asks is to be loved. Organized religion is nothing more then an endorphin stimulator duping the people into believing you have the key to what happens to them after death. The only experts are dead and not talking!

Is the black smoke due to the sacrifice of the unlucky candidate being tossed into the furnace like many of them should be?

all that smoke and in the background someone was playing "Sunshine of your love".....

Hopefully we get a Pope who is not 97 years old and has just a sense of reality.Just let the priests and nuns marry if they want to. It's abnormal and no where, no where in the Bible is it written that a person must be celibate to worship the Lord. I believe that if these priests had an outlet for their sexuality most of them would not have bothered with children. Not all, I know, but most.

You think it will be a gay orgy in there?

they bring in  a group of 13 year old boys   whoever get an erection first is the new pope

"POPE FRICTION"

So many jealous jews and protestants commenting here.

the smoke is just a diversion so the young boys can slip out the back of the Vatican

I wonder what kind of backstabbing goes on in there!

Bummer was hoping we would find out who is popeular!

What a silly cult with the robes, stupid hats, opulence and "confession" where a #$%$ celibate guy sits anonymously in a booth and jacks off to stories of your wild and crazy weekend.

Archbishop Timothy Dolan is MY choice!  I met him in St. Louis before he became Archbishop of NY.  He is soooooo personable and down-to-earth.  My late husband Tim was alive when the aforementioned meeting took place. I guess I'm partial to guys named Timothy.  It would be monumental if Archbishop Dolan were to be selected.It's all Political just like everything else. The College of Cardinals will get something in return for electing their conscience right ? This is why its called "conclave" = lock with key for the General Public to not witness the truth what really goes on. It's sad how this Group of men have a price for their conscience.

'ok guys, on another subject, we have a few 50/50 tickets left, who didn't pony up yet?'

im sorry but i could careless ...my beliefs as a child is very much different than what i think about religion now.....this isnt the 50s where eveybody went to church or catholic school now i see Catholics schools closing like circuit city's because who wants to pay 15k a year so my kid can go to school when i can send both of my kids to public school for free...i think alot of people feel the same way which is why your seeing more and more catholics schools close daily

Nothing like voting on who will lead hundreds of millions to hell with false religion.....

Nobody cares. Hell, who needs a pope

some of the posters here, act like products of a lot of abuse... such hateful thoughts, and such sad souls. Doesn't look like a bright future if there is such evil flung around so easily.

Lose the ridiculous hat.

movie break, hey cardinal, pop in that dvd of 'the pope of greenwich village''mickey rourke is some baddazz actor'

Zero tolerance for, well, ANY major crime. If you're a priest, you'd better have your act together.

For all those who are disgusted by the pope look up tim minchin pope song , the beginning is vulgar but it get to his point later.... it is brilliant.May God be with us

Already controversy at the Vatican. The cardinal from Chicago has been caught voting multiple times, including casting at least 6 early ballots.

The Catholic religion is in dire need of a Pope with magnificent charisma and a clean slate.

How silly. Show a picture of all the stupid morons sitting watching the smoke. How sad these followers and believers are.

Jesus tells us "I AM the way the truth and the life and NO ONE comes to the FATHER BUT BY ME" John 14:6 (emphasis mine)  No pope of any man can forgive sin,save our souls,  nor is any pope HOLY FATHER, save only ONE and that is EL ELYON The Most High God!! Period!!!

Next pope should be a Black Lesbian.

Jerry Sandusky would make an excellent Pope.

to my church leaders...it's time to put a pope of Brown skin in power!stop acting like the right wing!just look whats happening to them!

maybe they are ordering pizza.

Reports are that for the first vote all 115 Cardinals received 1 vote each.The Poop is a nincompope.

they need to clean there bong really bad

Strife and scandal...the people who write this stuff should have been taught to be objective. The Church has always struggled...for over 2,000 years. The Church has done so much good for humanity and the write looks at "strife and scandal". Poorly written as I see. it.

all of those priest are just HUMAN men, it's all smoke and mirrors...

Time to burn some sage.

Im confused by the catholics preaching against abortion, then helping to elect obama. Its like an oxymoron.

Not that much has changed.  Corruption and Catholicism have been bedfellows for, what, two millennia? It's just that in the old days, the Catholic church had the power to kill its critics and opponents, on mass scale.  Compare the atrocities of the Spanish Inquisition and the persecution of the Huguenots with today's crimes, and recent events look downright mundane.

perhaps they are related to the native americans of the USA?

What happened to the old reliable press conference??? Smoke signals?? What are they Apaches??

Why don't they get a sign from God instead of debating who is the next pope, isn't what its all about?I wonder when they did a chimney sweep last?

Maybe Peter Romanus might clean up the Vatican and take "Roman" out of "Roman Catholic".

It is not just a troubled church, it is the wrong church for anyone to go to because this church does not abide in the doctrine of Christ.

I love reading these comments by  the progressive liberals and  nonbelievers. May GOD have mercy on your souls.

and the Altar Boys are saying.....I hope whoever it is has "small feet"

Title of the report reveals bias. Reporter should "stay on topic": They're electing a new pope.

Religion nowadays is mostly business, or rather being focused on spiritual gain through Christ!

What happens if they forget the matches ?

They poopin black smoke in a cave ?!? Huh?

God and Mary made a baby when Mary was 14. Funny that is the same age back in the day that the girls and I were rolling in the Hay. I guess Great Minds think alike.Why the drama and the news hype? It's simple Black smoke? No pope for you! White smoke? They have pope for you! The quicker the better. All this news only serves to let the press trot out all the church's past problems. To it's disservice.

Child molestors unite!!!!!!

All done behind closed doors.  What do you think they're REALLY doing in there.  Choosing the next poop and letting him try out the little boys to see which one he wants for HIS altar boy.

I wouldn't call a following of 1.2 billion "unpopular"

Me so hoe-nee...

Arrived believing from homeClimbed every step inside St. Peter's DomeClaustrophobic and ex-CatholicLast Saturday night

The last couple of days, and more days to come, we will be reading about the election of the new pope. For some reason I always read the comments posted under the article and every time I get so frustrated........................... Is the child abuse the only thing that comes to your mind if you hear bout the catholic church??!!!!! We catholics know that very bad things happend but things like this happen every day and not only in the catholic church!!! My faith is so strong that I will not let a group of "bad" priests change my beliefes. I feel sorry for those you will loose their faith or don't believe in god at all. May god guid the cardinals in Rome!!!!

The Talking Snake is whispering in the Cardinals' ears telling them to vote for Mahorny.

Who are the members of the Vatican sex ring endorsing for Pope?   The right Cardinal must be selected so that the long honored tradition of Roman Orgies can continue.

Keeping my fingers crossed. Seems like about the only thing we haven't witnessed so far is a cardinal gunman going berserk at a conclave.So is yahoo going to cover other important fiction believed like 'tards?  An easter bunny scandal, perhaps?

Every war in history has been promulgated by religion as the true belief system.

Oh goodie, we need a new person to protect all those child molesters.  Religion is a cancer.

Many prayers go with them as they elect our new Pope.

An old sage from East wrote during the 1st century BC  " the fancy ornaments , colorful clothing , all the apparels on head and body , different hairstyles and make up of every God Man is for one thing - for their stomach which asks for food periodically".. As I see the cardinals walk on TV , I get reminded of this song..

yahoo and its moderators are rank amateurs and chilren compared to AOL.

Where I come from, the pillar of black smoke means that the "Others" are coming.....

It;s biggest woe is the fact that we now have overwhelming reproducible proof that there is no God.

Lets get this show on the road and get this election of the "headpedo" complete. There are children out there waiting to be molested under the new regime.

De Pope was to pooped to participate at de Pontiffi whish peter was here to say what a joke what a joke

The pope is poop..may the whole world be secular!

Lets hope whoever it is, he is a true born again believer in Christ

Is anyone else SICK and tired of hearing about the pope #$%$?

Who will be eliminated on "DANCING WITH THE CONCLAVE"? Here's your host, Angelo Sodanoooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!

It is time for a modern pope who sees all that is going on around the world and knows how to guide us all who believe in a way to  not only bring us together and make us stronger, but get us to the point of loving one another and teaching those lessons we may not want but is necessary in order to be devoted to the devine and move forward in this life. Too many people get away with too much when it comes to serving our God! What ever happened to doing your time for your crime? Put light on those who do wrong and make them pay! The innocent pay twice  for those who are not punished. How is that right by Gods rules? The new pope needs to not be political and have favoritism! He needs to abide by what is right and be strong for us. He needs to lead the church into a new and glorious time that can be near the end of days. It sure feels like it anyways. The world is washing away into an abyss of evil people and their ways. They rub their ways in our faces on a daily bases and it is sickining! The new pope needs to see this and guide us in a way that can turn this around in Gods favor. God Bless the new pope. I pray he will be the grandest of them all.

How silly.

What if Red smoke comes out?

Whatever good this crummy church has done pales in comparison to the evil it commits. May a comet come crashing down on the Vatican...Amen

lol the catholic church is just too funny.  All against gay, gay marriage , same sex marrage and all that , but the worse of all religions to have gay members that do gay things and even to underage males. They better start promoting gay marrage and same sex relationships so they are not so hypocritical. The catholic Church has more of this stuff than any other religion in the world.. How can the Catholic religion even keep members and support !!!!!!!!!!!Q: What did the Pope say to the woman who jumped over barricades, tackled the pope, and fell on top of him?A: "Wait, your not an altar boy!"

The next sheperd to fleece its flock.  I never hear of any story of them using the enormous wealth to help out aybody but themselves. what a big sham.

Secularism, education, and more people using logic and their ability to reason cannot be stopped. Every country in the world is becoming more and more secular every year, all religions are in the process of being expossed as hoaxes, a big ponzi scheme if you will. Within the next 100 years there will be very few religious followers left. Dissagree if you want, but this is happening, hundreds of independant studies all over the world are all showing the same thing. And the world will be a much much better place becasue of it. Look at the most secular contries in the world, they have the lowest crime rates, highest literacy rates, lowest teen pregnancy rates, etc, etc, etc. We do NOT need a god to be moral, this has been proven time and time again. Friedrich Nietzsche even proved this in the late 1800's.It is absolutely mindboggling that people still believe in these nonsensical belief systems, or still allow themselves to be fooled by them. Religions are nothing more than a money making operation, no different than Wal-Mart. There is many hundreds of millions of dollars given to "god" every Sunday across the world, this is enough money to see actual change in the world every week, yet we see nothing. The occasional church trip to paint an old ladies house doesn't even come close to adding up. "God" is a multi Billion dollar industry every month. ONE week's worth would be enough to put a mosquito net over every child in countries that are ravaged by malaria. Malaria is the number 1 killer in the world, hundreds die every day from it. Does this god person not care about this? And the resourses are there, one week's worth......Believe in "a" god if you want, that cannot be disproven. However, all of the gods and religions that mankind has ever believed in or believes in today has been proven to be false."We are all atheists about most of the gods that humanity has ever believed in. Some of us just go one god further." - DawkinsIt is time us humans took responsibility for ourselves and for our fellow man, because there is not a magical man in the sky that is goin to do it for us.

The questions being asked inside the conclave ..1. Who has never had fun with their alter boys? ... Oh come on, SOMEONE in here?...Ok ok... Who is relatively sure they will never come forward... Alright... now we have 5 to choose from...2. Which of you has never has a male prostitute? ... errr... which of you used a fake name and did not tell you were a priest?Hey, down to two... OK!, Who brought the coin?

Who cares about the black smoke?

Hopefully, that was Roger Mahony's ashes piping out of the chimney.  Rent the documentary, 'Deliver Us From Evil' from Netflix about his involvement in covering up pedophile priests amongst him in the LA Dioscese.  Or, at minimum, check out the trailer for it on IMdB.Now this creep is helping elect the next pope?

I heard that the new Pope will merge the Catholic Church with NAMBLA.

It should be the black smoke from Lost that comes and carries them away--

Pedophiles!

Ha I like this article : "BREAKING NEWS: There is no news yet.God help us as we elect the new pope

Those stupid hat make them look like even creepier old men. I wouldn't  let them within 100 yards of a boy under the age of 17

The Cardinals should go back to Tony LaRussa.  He got them two World Series during his tenure and is one of only two managers to win a WS in both leagues.  Mike Matheny did an okay job considering he lost some big players, but Matheny is not the man for the Cardinals.  Joe Buck would probably agree.

We need no more Popes.

I have not read the umpteen million previous comments though, I am sure they are rich with provocative thinking!   As an ex-Catholic, I feel that I have a right to make a comment here.  At nineteen years of age and enrolled in a Catholic university, I was troubled by my long term confusion and ignorance of the reasoning behind the apparent ritualism and mystique in my faith.After considerable soul-searching, I realized on my own that much, if not most, of what I saw and practiced as a devout Catholic had little to do with Christ's basic teaching and principles.  Rather, it became obvious to me (the Latin Mass, the incense, the triologic repetition of everything said and done during the service- genuflecting three times - everything has to be done in "threes") that over the centuries a lot of cult-like flavoring had been added to a religion that I was born into.I left "The Church".  Apparently, I am not the only one!  The point I would like to bring up here is addressed to the REMAINING FAITHFUL  - for those of you that continue to "cling" to the Catholic faith, and I mean this in a non-confrontational way, what is it about you that I do not understand?  Of course it's your business what you care to believe in but, what stumps me is "WHY" you continue to hang on to it.  It's the hocus pokus of the whole religion that troubled me as a teenager.  It does to this day!  It just baffles me when I look at the people that are still practicing it.I may be stepping out on a limb here but, I just want to say that I am truly struck by the fascination with the cultish preoccupation of this religion.  "White smoke" vs "Black Smoke" from a chimney hoisted up on the Cistine Chapel?  What's wrong with cell phones or a simple and archaic fax?   I am just wondering why - if you believe in a God that cares about any of us - that any one of us would need all of the embellishments that have been added on over the centuries that are mentioned nowhere in the New Testament that we accept as part of the faith.  PEACE be with YOU!

father Omalley, is that chit on your willy?

Can't these guys do it in a more environmentally friendly way?

but the cardinals cut leonard pope, he now plays for the steelers.

frankly my dear...I don't give a damn !

Please, just end this pedophile lottery already. I'm sick of these perverts playing out their trumped up drama in the news.Ok, here's the scoop on why this boy-lover gathering is going to take a while.1st each pedo has to list all the skeletons in his closet.  Then they vote on which pedo with the least amount of skeletons can bring the least amount of shame to the church.Plan B: if every closet is full, then they trade choir boys for votes.

They still have not pricked a new pope?

A black cardinal will look great in red, he could be a Robin..

Whew! The Holy Spirit still has a chance. This afternoon at our interfaith board meeting, there was strong support for the election of a jolly, people-minded pastoral pope, who would become an example and "good news" for all of God's people of every faith and no faith tradition.

All religions are troubled and that's why we are in so much division.

Mahoney should change his name sarducci and he might have chance.

I am tired of hearing about these homosexuals.

I'm so glad the media sees this as another celebrity event. They report it as though it were the Heisman Trophy contest. I'm glad to see that the media sees this as another opportunity to show the world that the USA will win! RAH RAH! Let's get the twitterverse pushing for an American. What does the Pope do? What does he represent? That doesn't matter, this is a contest that you can predict the winner in and if you pick right you can feel like a winner. We can cast lots for the robe of the last Pope. This is about US pride! Let's send a group over there to stand in the Vatican Square and cheer loudly "USA! USA"! to see if we can win this thing. Heck, maybe we can give it to our nation's greatest celebrity Obama. Not a Catholic you say? It doesn't matter, he won the nobel peace prize the day he announced that he was sending 30,000 more troops to Afhganistan. In a Godless world, celebrities are our Gods. The Pope is a celebrity. Proabably will host SNL this year as payback to Sinead.

Headline should read "No new rapist elected".

Black smoke means no pope has been chosen. I can understand why; when you are busy smoking weed, you won't know who to elect for pope. Malboro will make a white smoke; now you have the pope.Thanks for polluting the air. You would think they could be more sociably responsible and not leave such a large carbon footprint.

If you do'nt kown what to say you better keep quret

If memory serves me, which it may not, at my age, before John Paul II was elected certain psychics were saying that the new pope would be the next to last pope. Now that two popes have served, with many pressing issues springing forward to catch the attention of the electors /candidates, will the conclave be unable to settle on one leader acceptable to all?  The greatest strength, and some believe, the greatest weakness, of the Church has long been its insistence on orthodox doctrine. Over the centuries the wholesale persecution and/or execution of heretics has deprived the Church of more faithful followers than exist within the Church today.Although the Church tries to maintain the impression of an unchanging faith and doctrine, there have been many fundamental changes over the centuries. In an earlier time it was reported that at least one man was a layman one day and pope a day or a week later.Some Masonic lodges were made up entirely of Catholic priests until the non Mason pope applied for membership and demanded to be allowed to read the obligation before he would commit to the oath. When that was refused, he ruled that any priest that joined the Order must confess the obligation to his confessor.More than a couple of popes were fathers before or during their tenure.The doctrine of papal infallibility did not come in until the Fourteenth century or so.Priests were allowed to marry openly until several centuries after Christ.Women were prominent leaders in the early Church, but their roles were minimized later, or expunged.How is it so revolutionary to recognize the rights of gays, lesbians, etc. now?The "protestant work ethic " of the eight hour day was begun by a Benedictine monastery.It may be that any cardinal that wants to change the Church must keep his head bowed in front of others until he is installed. Then watch the fireworks! One started to do that before, but he died under clouded circumstances after 33 days.

Cracks me up this misfits wanting to play god on earth and what's SADDER are the WEAK SHEEP that follow them :(

How many Alter Boys do they have locked up with them?

You will be judged by the way you judge others

the roman catholic church..ie the catholic church is an apostate false church...the scriptures say that the only mediator between God and man is Jesus Christ our Lord and Savior...the catholic system took out Jesus and put clergy in the place of Jesus Christ and all the sacraments needed to be acceptable to God...this is APOSTATE!

The one with the most ' Erection ' will become pope .

When all the Cardinals entered the room , all the crosses turned upside Down .

doesnt black smoke usually signal a frickin FIRE??   LOL.  I'm here all week......I'd personally love to see some HOT PINK smoke.  heee heeeeeeeeIt's a long process when you have to find someone who has not molested young boys.

I'm not perfect But I will be the new Pope. Bless out everyone every day, I already do that.

Of course they didn't elect anyone first time, would mean no more pomp and BS they have going on there. Does anyone really think they even have a true and honest person that will clean up all the sex abuse and fraude that has been going on or ever?

Looks like my charcoal grill on Sunday when I forget to watch it !!

The Cardinals should go back to St. Louis.

father Omalley, is that chit on your willy?

I see that  the  idiots  are coming out of the woodwork to voice their comments!!!

and they have invited 115 hairless boys for evening stress relief : )

What is the purpose of a Pope?

This is a tough choice and will take time because it is very difficult to find a priest who hasn't molested boys.Call the firetrucks now before it's too late.

It sure gives us a clue to the how little grip on reality the haters have.  Look how many are so exercised about a few puffs of smoke--like the election of the next Pope will melt the Antarctic ice cap.

Who cares!! Mostly perverts anyway !!!

muslims worship a pedophile and Catholic's allow their children to be alone with them.There truly is no end to human ignorance

Doesn't the the Second Commandment say not to worship idols or engrave images? Read Exodus 20:4-6  its very clear what God thinks of this type of faith!

who cares any longer about the RKC the days where they had influence in the western world are over. nowadays when you see a priest you tend to hide you children.

The obvious choice is TEBOW!!!!

Peace be with you.

curia to the curia:  come, let us prey.

The Papacy, "the longest, unbroken line of religous leaders". Really? Define "broken". I would say it's broken every time a pope dies (or retires). Unbroken would be the presidency of the US. Get real people!Either they elect an iron fisted Byzantine style Pope like St.John Chrysostom or they are done. One more leftist "ecumenical" BS artist and it's over.

Vati=con job blowing hot air out their rears again...trying to fool a modern world !

i want a agentinian pope, brazil

its the signal to send up some more weed..havin an orgyfest

It's a me, Popa Nemo!

may God choose his own

Do Catholics even read the bible, or do they just trust priest sto tell them what the are worshipping?

This comment is blocked by the administrator.

They are fighting over the young boys!

Most diffcult period of the church history? Really? U leftist #$%$ want that to be true, but u only do have the right to your opinion, but not the right for your own set of facts. here are the facts, the catholic church has 1.2 BILLION followers, more than ever before. Example, africa was 100 years ago 2 thrids muslim, now it is 2 thirds catholic-christian, but in that case Africa does not count to you leftists, huh? Afrika only plays a role when it comes to play the blame game against the west. man I can see right trough you, you manipulate the facts until they become your parallel universe and after a while you start believing your own lies, how convenient, that way you lying is harder to detect. Anywho, the church and christianity is in much better shape than you think and it has much more power than you can bear!If this has anything to do with the second coming of Christ, I'm gonna bet all I have on the Cubs!!!!!

There's a foundry in our town that got fined for spewing out less smoke than this.....

Unlike Pope John Paul II, Pope Benedict is gay.  Just saying...

Pope Benedict looks like the kind of guy who subsists on a warm, liquid protein diet.  If you know what I mean.  Just saying...

Pope Benedict is so gay I'm surprised his lower jaw is still attached to his skull.  Just saying...

It will be nice to have this done with because the negative comments are so tiring. Even this article is so negative, the pope did not resign because unable to face the church's woes but because he is old and tired. God guide the cardinals in the decision that they are making.

Check out Leviticus 8:1-13 KJV---not one catholic in the bunch.

Not quite sure where to start. I guess I consider myself a recovered Catholic. That's no knock on Catholicism as a religion, I have just come to the conclusion that I can have a relationship with God without the Institution.That being said, the "Princes of the Church" should do what is best for the people. In the end, what is best for the people will be what is best for the Church. If they truly look in their hearts and are truly listening for God's direction, shouldn't they all come up with the same choice?It seems that this is just another exercise in politics, One of the problems that I have with the institution.

The eunuchs are ready to vote who, among them, will lead the RCC to make additional $$$ out of the poor and further cover child abuse. What a bunch of sickos!

Green smoke either means they're in there getting loaded or the witch is dead ("what a world...what a world...")Anyone else NOT CARE?

Why do the Catholics say Peter started their church, when he fought with Paul to keep the Jesus sect ONLY for Jews.  If not for Paul (and NO one else) there would be NO such thing as Christianity.

I got a better idea - don't elect a pope.  Who'd wand that job anyway - the pay is lousy and you don't get vacations...

The only thing we know for certain is that each and everyone of the fruitcakes in the room is a big Justin Bieber fan.  Just saying...

The Church has been in WORSE positions.  There USED TO BE very few of us, and popular culture forced us to meet in catacombs and persecuted us for our beliefs.  At least we don't have to meet in catacombs.

And the drama continues.................................

Maybe the black smoke means they are doing something awful to little boys.

Hopefully they won't pick a Nazi or child abuser this time.

Why is hearsay allowed in the Buybull?

why is there a bunch of naked men on the ceiling and walls of the sissy chapel???We are waiting for a New Pope! HABEMUS PAPAM any time from now. Let us pray, more and more.

It's OK. Catholics can just keep worshiping the old pope until they get a new one.

The new Pope will have his troubles, he will not live long enough to straighten them out and get the Catholic Church back where it should be. Generally the elected pope is to old to even get his head on straight much less take care of the Catholics. Considsration should be given to a younger Pope.

They prayed that they elect a pontiff that will "embrace this noble mission."  Hell, they better pray that they can find one that isn't a child molester.

No matter who they vote for, I hope they cast a vote for the safety of all children in their midst.

alright, they're burning the pope....BURN HIM....AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA......YOU JEEZOIDS ARE FUNNY #$%$ HELL...

...more likely these "priests" are blowing smoke up some little boys ^A*5*S*...

I wish the black smoke would fill the room and suffocate these hypocritical child molesters.

Pope Benedict XVI resigned because he's about to be brought up on charges.

WHO IS THE LAWLESS MAN? Is the whole catholic religion represented by the pontiff.Please read: Second Thessalonians Chapter 2:4-124He is the enemy of God, and proudlysets himself up over everything that is called God and is worshiped. He even installs himself inGod’s temple, claiming to be God. 5Don’t you remember that I told you all this while I was stillwith you?9He (the lawless one) comes to do Satan’s work, having all kinds ofpowers, using miracles, and performing amazing but deceptive displays. 10Using every type ofevil trick he deludes those who are on their way to destruction, because they refused to love thetruth and so be saved. 11Because of this God sends them a convincing delusion so that they puttheir trust in the lie.e 12As a result everyone who did not trust in the truth will be condemned, forthey preferred what is evil.Copied from: FREE BIBLE VERSION...ONLINESo I guess the anti christ is in that room...............need to blow it up....just so we know we got him!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The Lord is wth them,He has already chosen.

I sure hope Hugh Hefner is chosen. He'll turn the Vatican into a real party!

Just leave the position vacant...have scheduled Pope Debates where candidates can argue the issues and the public (church) can witness...

"free Sandusky" ---and let him join his brethren in the smoke filled chapel...

We don't need this fa99ot religion.

How wonderful that,in addition to polluting the environment with all this smoke, these pedophile priests are electing a new "King" of the pedophiles to continue the Catholic churches anal assault on our young children---I say lock these priest in, stoke up the fire and lock the doors until every one of them comes forth with their transgressions---"for the wages of sin is d e a t h ...

How many #$%$ does it take to pick a new pedophile in chief?

I just wonder how many people could be fed and housed with the money spent on clerical uniforms? (Not aimed at any one religion)

Yawn.  Is it soup yet?Laughing at all the religious kooks who care about this bs and believe in fairytales.

this sick ritual is all a result of Obama and his failed policies...

Will this be the last Pope??

The mythical jesus died for your mythical sin so you get mythical salvation to avoid the mythical hellfire and go to the mythical heaven.

Luis Tagle - pinoy.  Mabuhay

The bigest Gay becomes the winner.

Does God believe in protecting clergy from the consequences of their child abuse?

Does black smoke mean they smoke eachothers sausages during that "coc*clave"?

Imagine if we made them pay taxes on the billions they bilk from their masses of members?

Why do Cardinals flaunt regal robes when Jesus himself wore a plain, brown tunic? (Image seach "Jesus seamless coat"). The Catholics have it as their own relic, yet they ignore Jesus's message of sacrifice, humility, and simplicity and go for the gaudy.Was Christ's own clothing not opulent enough for them? What kind of message does it send when they say "Worship this man, but don't pay attention to his example or values."I thought black smoke meant that Dennis Rodman was elected the next Pope.

Black smoke=we are out of Beer...Red smoke=we are out of Pizza...Blue smoke=we are out of defenceless young boys to touch...

SO SO Much good the Church did, does, and will DO.  The evil people, the liberals, and the homosexuals know that if the Church falls, ALL Hell will break loose.  The moral will be the immoral and the immoral will become the  moral.   It's already solid in Europe, and already have there in America. Hollyhood getting TAx money to pay for making and  changing old movies to convert how people think, to show them what to accept and what to reject. The new order of Government to censor and punish the good people.  Why the media keeps lying  to people.  Yahoo and MSN promote homosexual, anti-Catholic, and anti-man articles. That's  why people can comment on anti-Chatolic articles and the comment button is shut off on homosexual articles.  Commercials full anti-man, anti- father; Making them the nonknowing , cheating , Buffoon,  and  nonworking male.

Not an American.. this would have a galvanizing effect... as an American,  I saw big money controlling the Church.

Why this non-stop continual coverage of this #$%$?  Less than 20% of the US population identifies as Catholic-WHO CARES?!

Jesus spent his last days with twelve men, including Judas, and the first leader, Peter, present in a humble upper room where they ate and drank with Jesus just hours before his arrest, crucifixion .... and death. They were dressed in clothes of normal men of the time and locale .... it brings to mind serenity, no intrigue, strength of conversation and purpose. How far has the church come in manner of choosing a successor?

This Yahoo server needs to update, because we have a new Pope now:  Francis.

This looks like a Halloween party for a bunch of old white guys....sometime it's hard to tell it's the 21st century

The new pope has a lot of difficulties to take care of like dyed in the wool cardinals determined to keep the old values alive. This wont work the world population is demanding an end to exploitation of children or they will simply leave the church.The financial scandals need a firm resolutuion honesty needs to be top priority

Enough of the friggin' church already?!?!?  Post some real news that is based in reality instead of the new leader of the imaginary friends society.Where are the bluejays and robins??

Oh my, nail bitter. It's a business drumming up press. Don't trust those old men in robes. It's a farce. It's about POWER. They all look evil. They all look like the Emperor from Star Wars because that's what people fighting for Power look like. It's gross. You are dumb if you Truly believe in any religion. You don't have to believe in a fake religion, walking on water, turning wine into whisky or any of that to be nice to people or do good for your community. Religion does more harm than good. It's about money and Power and control of society.

Will there be a smoke monster that will show up and kill someoneas what happened in the TV show "Lost?"

Are there any front runners? Who do the Las Vegas bookmakers favor?

i am sick &amp; tired of seeing this on the news constantly! WHO CARES

its funny how these crazy old men still think they have power in the 21 century

What happens if there's purple smoke?

we are waiting for a black or white smoke

I want a job that comes with a big hat like that.

ima tell you all whats about to happen, they are going to elect the first BLACK pope!!! you know why when the church is in deep S@#@# give it to a BLACK so all the blame can be on him and the race!!! i bet the next pope will be BLACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 100% percent sure....... wish i had someone to place a bet with because i will win!!!!!!I got a test to select the most robust pope, given that they are all good men of the church... make them climb a flight of stairs one at a time. He who struggles going up, or goes down REALLY fast, should be scratched off the list.

A big YAY!! to Colorado for passing the Civil Union bill !!!

....You may see laughs and jokes,but this is very serious!! The Man said to be the closest Person to God..is saying I quit????He tired of seeing Men of God be working for the Devil???So I guess he'd like to be able to look God in the face,and look him in the Eye...when his time come.......Let all the People say...Amen!!!!!!!!!

The church will no longer be troubled when the following takes place.1.  Prosecution and prison of all rapist priests.2.  Actually following God's word.3.  Stop promoting a debt-based monetary system or a system of usury.4.  Stop being so greedy and building yourselves palaces.

Jesus Christ! We'll all be dead before God makes up his mind.

Hmmmmmm, what should the Catholic church do with convicted pedophile priests?  My feelings on this is that they should be sent to a monastery prison, so remote (like a Buddist monastery), that they can only lead the rest of their life in RIGOROUS prayer for forgiveness to Jesus, His church, and the community they were supposed to serve faithfully.  They should not be ex-communicated to be let loose into society. They made their promise to serve and that they will do!  Deep, DEEP meditative prayer every day!  Work hard in their prison garden in robes and sandals.  Have only candles for light.  No form of electronic devices to know what is happening in the rest of the world.  This will not repair what they have done to their community, but they will be able to daily reflect on it.  The only time they will be let out is when they die and the body will be returned to their relatives for burial.

you dont want to be in rome when GOD takes out MYSTERY BABALON

Who gives a popes #$%$

These people  are enablers. They are all guilty. All of THEM knew what was going on . To blame the  few  is not going to be justice .They let the molesting continue. These people should be ashamed.

THIS JUST IN:Dozens of Faithful in Vatican Conclave-watch Crowd Taken to Hospital and Treated for Smoke Inhalation!its all a big joke vicar of christ how about you follow the true JESUS CHRIST and his word  not follow a man

To prevent food from decaying they add salt to it, what if salt itself is decayed?

Why is it that a largely atheistic media decides that the church is full of woes??

elect the ifalible pope  people stop following a man my friends  can i ask you catholics was honorious a heretic  was he infalible ? and a heretic?

Toubled church?  Why is the Roman Catholic Church any more or less troubled than any other church?  Somehow it is politically incorrect to point out problems with other religions but it is open season on Catholics.  There are no more (or less) abuse issues in the Catholic church than anywhere else.  They are just given more attention in the liberal media.

Weird stuff.  Kind of creeps me out.

Maybe they should spend some of that money on the poor and elderly of the world or do they have to dress up all  the time...

Christ loves all people either Islam, Jews, Catholic, Lutheran and will bring everybody to his place. Why Catholic is fighting to get more people into its church because of worldly reasons...?

As expected !All human are bad, evil, sinful according to Protestant, Evangelical, J.W.'s, Mormon beliefs but of course not themselves.The Roman Catholic Church believes and teaches all humans are born in the image of God, basically good, it is their personal free nature, free conscience that leads them into anything than what God excepted of them. God knows the outcome but there is no self determination or predestined . Protestants believes all of mankind is predestined and have no self determination, choice , or free will or conscience !

I think Ellen D. should become the next pope !!!!!  Get some lesbian action goin' on in the Vatican !!!!!How come they all bear a strange resemblance to ....#$%$ Cheaney ?

oh wow conclave should be lots of sword fighting

The last, best hope for mankind...and they will get it right.

Cardinals not feeling well? Take two altar boys and call me in the morning.

This just in.....cardinal sicola got the gig.  pope sicola

They are killing time waiting for more 6 to 8 year old are sent in!

"Maybe while the Cardinals are picking a Pope they can elect a new head of the Knights of Columbus, The K of C blew me off when I went to them about a Colorado "Knight" who suckered this Senior on Social Security out of hundreds of dollars in loans using the "integrity" of his Knighthood and invoking the name of God and Christ as collateral and also a promise of a job. The loans were repayable in two months it has now been well over a year. Job, who would want to work for a "religious rip off artist?' Sadly this "knight" is a complete liar to his God and a rotten apple to his church. Being ignored by the powers that be reminded me about how the Catholic Church did the same with pedophile priests. It awes me as to what kind of people the K of C allows into their ranks and how a special messenger of God can defame God, Jesus and his religion so lightly. The dozens of responses to my continual public discussion of these lowlifes are usually very positive calling the organization nothing more tan a "good old boys drinking club" in most cases.

the church will definitely remain the most beautiful place to be in spite of the challenges. we are living in a troubled time, its just natural that the church is not completely immuned.

nobody knows this since nobody can see what goes on after they lock the doors but the conclave is actually set up like the combines...the cardinal with the fastest time in the 40 gets the hat and the chair.

The mdeia should go and put their house in order first before making money with news from the Catholic Church2 protestors out of 7 billion people in the world. This is not news, but media prejudice against Christianity.

Child molesters in drag .

MAN--THAT IS GOING TO BE ONE BIG---CIRCLE JERK----  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I don't understand the crucifix. Why leave Jesus on a stick like that? At least put him in some cornbread batter like a corndog.

I expect that new pope will lead us to a new way giving spirituality in this modernised world

Maybe they should elect a favorite lube instead. The Vatican's favorite lube is Astroglide, for when that cute little boy needs a little more than spit.

In today's world of good vs bad, I firmly believe that somewhere in every human being's heart, is a person capable of loving, caring and forgiving. I just hope that these qualities do not fade away in each and every one of us. For some reason, with all the negatives going around in all corners of the world, I still believe goodness outweighs the bad. It does not matter what religion a person believes in, just being plain good (not perfect) to others is a start. An act of kindness every now and then won't hurt!

Read all the posts below and surmise what all religion is about . . . dividing us,  instillingbigotry and hatred, and some sort of smug self-righteousness that we have thecorrect answers to life's questions.

Big deal.  They will just pick the oldest one with one foot in the grave.

Why doesn't the world, and the people in it wake up?  These medieval brainwashing practices different religious churches practice is a waste of time and your lives.  There is no factual evidence that any bible man has created out of their imaginations is real.  Believe in NATURE, it's all around you.  Believe in a God, but not the one written for you by a bunch of PAST and PRESENT self-righteous religious leaders.these guys remind me of the pharsees and sudjusees. lol

those guys in the picture must be really embarrassed walking 'round with those goofy orange costumes and those funny white hats

Now that all of the criminals are gathered in one place it will be easier to arrest them for crimes against humanity!

And the new Head Pervert is??????.

Love these idiots in their Clown suits. Time to "elect" another pedophile...

God stopped listening to them or granting their prayers a long long time ago afteook over.The institution has too much pomp and not enough circumstance.It  would be more believable and respectable if they would put the same degree of effort in selecting non-ped-priests and paying attention to the teachings of Christ.Get rid of the opulence and serve the people!

I don't think anyone disagrees that sex scandals are bad...especially when children are involved. What I do find surprising is that this issue only relates to 1% of priests in the Catholic church. The % of child related sex abuse according to the Associated Press is much higher in Protestant churches...and even higher in teachers. Where is the media on that? Still, doesn't make anyone right...all abuse is terrible and consequences should be enforced! I just don't understand why Catholics are the only ones taking blame for this...

i am deeply hurt by most of these comments which i believe came from non-Catholic Christians.Ignoramus !!We respect anybody's religion,system,process and '' rituals'' If you don't know anything about Catholics ever since, don't say a word if you wouldn't say anything good.

The pope is a piece of pooI would be impressed if he blows smoke out of his butt :)

I find it interesting that the so called good and faithful Catholics here viciously go after those who disagree with or point out verifiable fallacies in church teachings and yet these same devout Catholics can not offer any verifiable evidence of their own. For the record the title Pope was not used until 1054 when the Roman patriarch broke away from the original Eastern Church and bestowed that title on himself and started Roman Catholicism, look it up in any book on the history of Christianity. So the RC Pope can NOT be traced back to St. Peter, that is a FALSE teaching of  the Roman Catholic hierarchy, and the term Pope was never used in the Bible.  As far as the so called 1.2 billion Catholics is concerned when the Church conducted that survey it was shown they had counted all the former Catholics who had left the church, as well as all the lapsed Catholics who no longer practice their faith in any way. The real number is probably more like 300 million if that. So Meanie Honey you really do not know what you are talking about , how about supplying your information sources instead of your childish insults.The Catholic Church lost a lot of credibility when the last Pontiff bailed.

I'm seriously considering boycotting Yahoo for their ALMOST unbelievably biased editorials that they try to pass off as journalism.

Why do most religious leaders wear funny hats?We can dance if we want to,We can leave your friends behind.

Woe is me. I cant believe there are 1 billion suckers that believe all the lies the church and religion shoves down your throat . They start when you are 3years old and never stop telling the old worn out lie of God The Son And the Sprite.why is everlasting life so important? Heaven ,Hell are lies.

God bless the new pope so that our church will grow and be a light to all nations

So, Mary claimed she was a virgin, got impregnated by God, and birthed Jesus. Why would anyone actually believe her? SHE'S A WOMAN!

If you want to be a christian; read and obey the scriptures; its as simple as that. However; you must study the scriptures.

All those pervert cardinals will lay down on the floor of Sistine chapel and vote the new PEDOPHILE pope after getting their inspiration from those PORNOGRAPHIC images painted on the ceiling by Micheleangelo 500 years ago.

This is ridiculous...........they are no more special than you or I........just another sect living off of us and covering up the sins within.

Don't forget the brother from Hoboken!Organized religion......what a farce!!!!!!!!!   why is this even in the news....catholisism is the walmart of religion, they think they are above the law and can manipulate people and laws in there favor.

Look at all the Colorful Dressed PerVerts up for Pope.Kids Beware!

i prayed for the last pope to go away.  christians are right.  prayer works!!!

Donkey Doo we know it`s wrong but when your brainwashed and still believe in the easter bunny or satan clauss well ? Child molesters question on the employment app. is a must in the catholic coven.

Good luck.

Electing a Pope will not change one thing within the Catholic Church.

Which Cardinals get to vote...St. Louis or Arizona ?

They toucha many pee pee.

Divine guidance = Egotistical fraud with evil intent to defraud the public.

"Mass" assembly of pedophiles..ah yes, all in the name of G-d..There is not one successful; Catholic nation on earth.  There is not one successful Muslim nation on earth.  The "bible bashers" have a valid point.   And as to the use of the term "BIGOT" this is a favorite of the Catholic when there is not one single shred of evidence that they can put forth to nullify the argument that the Vatican has a perfect record of a thousand years and a hundred nations of total, complete failure.

With all of the secrecy involving gay, pedophile and other sexual abuse scandals this should be an open and transparent process. We are not in Medieval ages anymore.

Last week at the catholic school near me, I saw what looked like a priest showing a young boy how to hike a football. After the priest left, I walked over to the boy, and seeing there was no football, asked him what they were playing. He said "handball ".

The Religion of the pedophiles is selecting a leader. The stupid story is all over the place.

If you were to call the jewish religion 'troubled', you would be called antisemetic.  So, by calling the first Christian church ever 'troubled', the writers are antichrist!  Which is worse?

My bad, I could care less and am tired of seeing. all this

Ever see such a group of self righteous, arrogant (mostly white) old boys.

the new pope would be juan pablo 2 !!! again!!!! muaaaa hahahahaha

March 13-2013Because of the following reasons, I was pleased that Pope Francis will be taking on the responsibilities of the Roman Catholic Church.UPDATED with additional names March 13-2013When I was very young and naive, I worked as much as I could (keeping only my paychecks to pay my living expenses ... being most frugal) while giving all of my tip monies to the Catholic Churches that I worshipped at in the 1960's ... yes, giving them anywhere from $300.00 to $500.00 per week (with more around the holidays) while I struggled financially trying to help my mother and keep up my own apartment.  Yet, today, all that I owned in family heirlooms; my intellectual property; antiques; personal and legal files; clothes; all of my son's old but in excellent condition toys; all of my son's grade and high school papers and Who's Who in America Year Books and trophies and journals I had kept on my son since birth and much more; all of our family's year books (I was the family historian who created journal after journal {compiling a historical Polish family journey} who took thousands of family photos that Bishop Wuerl had destroyed); a library of over 5,000 irreplaceable reference books and special edition collectables (including a new complete set of the "Dick and Jane" books in mint condition), a favorite thick grade school history book about 5" x 7" in size with a dark red cover that had a large dark blue Statue Of Liberty on the front cover); over 50 years of diaries/journals, over 1,000 very expensive medical | nursing books with expensive color plates and the expensive leatherette covered Lange Medical Books {each thick book having a different colored cover}, two huge black medical books with fluorescent turquoise and white lettering, a set of about 20 large thick red leather covered books on genetics,  over 100 legal books on Case Law, over 500 expensive collector ethnic {some from the 1800's} cook books, over 100 very old {some from the 1800's} Folklore/Herbal Medicine {including many of the Dr. Case, the Dr. Foote and other well known doctors' books that my family used to treat my family members as we grew up in the country on farms}), and so much more ... have been illegally taken from me and my family by the Pittsburgh Catholic Diocese under the notorious Cardinal Anthony J.  Bevilacqua, Bishop Donald W. Wuerl, Auxiliary Bishop John B. McDowell, Sister Ignatius Rooney, baby killer Madeline Jubeck and a host of other individuals that have been tied to the sexual molestation and torture of little children and teenagers in the Allegheny County areas spreading throughout the State of Pennsylvania.LATEST UPDATE of OTHER MISCELLANEOUS POSTINGSMarch 12-2013In 1992, when I was hired as the new administrator of The St. Regis Hotel ... a residential dorm for Catholic females who were attending classes at one of the colleges, business schools, nursing schools, or elsewhere, I later learned that I was going to be expected to put a dose of dog deworming pills in the juice glasses (I managed to save one baby from being aborted this way when I ran into the dining room and slapped the juice out of the expectant mother's hand once Ms. Jubeck told me that this young lady would no longer be pregnant by that evening ... ThenI told the young lady not to eat or drink anything at the St. Regis, again, and to pack her belongings and go home to her family so that she would not lose her baby and she listened and about seven months later I received a birth announcement saying that this young lady had fineness birth to a beautiful and healthy and the photo was most precious) of the females that happened to find themselves in a motherly way, for whatever the reason (maybe there was a star in the East ... who knows), something that was being done in the Pittsburgh Catholic Diocese for over 35 years by Madeline Jubeck (whose nephew Mark Russ was a corrupt FBI Agent and closed his eyes to all of his Aunt Jubeck's repeated acts of cold blooded murder even after I filed charges with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission {EEOC}), because the Pittsburgh Police Department, the Allegheny County Police Department, and the Allegheny County Sheriff's  Department refused to do anything about these constant murders. But, the EEOC also refused to do anything about these cold blooded murders.  Instead of helping me, I was unjustifiably fired and my reputation ruined.Why? Because Auxiliary Bishop John B. McDowell and Bishop Donald W. Wuerl did not want young women walking around the St. Regis with "big bellies," so I was told by Ms. Madeline Jubeck.Ms. Jubeck told me that the same orders were given to her from Bishop Anthony J. Bevilacqua and the Cardinals and Bishops before him.  Bishop Donald W. Wuerl is an extremely cruel and monstrous man (a man ?) ... if my friend were still alive (she would be over 100 years of age, now) she would be able to enlighten people about who the real Cardinal Donald W. Wuerl really is as she even knew his family. NOT GOOD.OTHER   New  Data  AddedUpdated - March 12-2013All of the "Perversion Papers" from around the world should be reviewed by these faux Cardinals (according to the dictionary, a male cardinal should possess a black face ... Are these Cardinals heshes?) before serious consideration is given to begin electing the next Pope. Most likely none amongst these red faced Cardinals has a clean enough slate to even think of entertaining the thought of auditioning for the roll of St. Peter ... especially during this upcoming high holy season.  The seven Cardinal | Capital | Deadly  sins: superbia | avaritia | luxuria | invidia | gula |ira  | acedia ... also known as: pride | avarice | envy | wrath | lust | gluttony | sloth.   Child molestation, sexual assault and torture do not count now and they never have. If people cannot see through the farce of a Cardinal that Donald W. Wuerl is, then the public must still be "wearing rose colored glasses."All major newspapers in America should be in Rome, Italy demanding of Cardinal Donald W. Wuerl and Cardinal Dan DiNardo reasons they, along with Bishop Paul Bradley (who Cardinal Wuerl appointed as bishop {as a reward for all of his lies} and sent to Kalamazoo, MI), LIED, repeatedly, through their teeth, to protect and defend the late monstrous child molester and torturer, Cardinal Anthony J. Bevilacqua.For over 100 years, some of the worst sexual molestation acts have been committed against Pittsburgh's most vulnerable (children, handicapped, teenagers, and those oppressed who have had no one to turn to) by Catholic clergy monsters supported by corrupt politicians, some of whom are now throwing their hats into the mayoral three ring circus ... for a finale that citizens will be eying this coming May.  And yes ... this has included the highest ranking officials ... cardinals, archbishops, bishops, auxiliary bishops, monsignors, et al.These diabolical clerics' purse strings have created outrageous miscarriages of justice in the local, county, state, and federal Court Levels and been the driving force behind the ruin of thousands of good, decent, kind and hard working families in the State of Pennsylvania."Wake up and smell the roses" everyone!  This evil eyed Cheshire Cat Pope has retired to make sure he can hand over the magically diseased infected staph/staff to one of the members of his own perverted flocks ... e.g. The Notoriously Diabolical Cardinal Donald W. Wuerl from Sin City ...Washington, D.C. ... with his birth root being Sin City ... PITTSBURGH, PA.SOME CORRECTIONS TO:SECTION 1If you come to Pittsburgh, PA  ...  the situation gets even worse than the Cardinal Keith O'Brien case;  actually nightmarish.The people ... need to be able to get the Roman Catholic Church to investigate Cardinal Dan DiNardo on child molestation charges that have been under the Code of Silence (Cloak of Silence). Just across the Border in Mexico children are used to support their families by becoming sex objects.I have known powerful and wealthy men who have given children a $20.00 bill after molesting their victims. The child takes the money home and with this repeated child income the impoverished families are able to live a life with lesser struggles. The U.S. $20.00 bill is equal to the equivalent of $140.00 (or it use to be in the 1970s as the American dollar is value determined from Mexican Pesos) in Mexican dollars.I have known gay politicians, clergy, teachers et al in Illinois and Pennsylvania who specifically go to Mexico for this reason. In all of Cardinal Dan DiNardo's years, how many trips has he made to Mexico and how many children has he molested? The thought sickens me.How many children have been tortured as was the case with Cardinal Anthony J. Bevilacqua who the kinky Bishop, now Cardinal of Washington, D.C., Donald Wuerl, vehemently supported?  Cardinal Donald Wuerl and Cardinal Dan DiNardo along with numerous other Catholic clergy strongly supported the monstrous sexual acts repeatedly committed against hundreds of suffering children by the diabolical Cardinal Anthony J. Bevilacqua ... With Cardinal Bevilacqua even inviting child molesting clergy to stay at the Cardinal's Philadelphia Palace with the little children so that Cardinal Bevilacqua could watch, live, in person, how the various other higher ranking Catholic clergy went about molesting and torturing their victims and none of the law enforcement agencies or other protective agencies would step in and make the necessary and/or required arrests and proceed with immediate steps to indict and prosecute to the full extent of the law (many of these children were as young as four and five years of age).  How much more of a despicable a parasite could any one of these diabolical torturers be?When they die, may these abominable Catholic clerics all burn in purgatory throughout eternity and the same goes for Senator Wayne Fontana (and wait until you hear "the rest of the story" on this clown) who has done everything possible to destroy me for trying to expose Pittsburgh's largest child/teenager molestation ring ... especially in the Brookline | Brentwood | Baldwin | Dormont and Whitehall areas.  I see there is a Fontana cleric that is a child molester so, maybe, that is why Fontana viciously struck out at me?  You would think that Mrs. Fontana as a crossing guard would have done the descent thing but as they say, "Birds of a feather flock together." There needs to be accountability and the Bevilacqua regime will not let there be justice or restitution."Hail Mary full of Grace ... Please help our suffering children."In college I was taught that Pennsylvania (especially Pittsburgh) was the State that PEDOPHILES went to for protection. PEDOPHILES bond and defend and protect each other. For over a century, in Pennsylvania,  PEDOPHILES have bonded and they have defended and protected each other and their circle (a ring of fiery sexual perversion) is extremely powerful.PITTSBURGH, PA Is an EXCELLENT example because there are powerful judges, law enforcement officers, professors, politicians, government officials, leadership instructors, et al involved ... and they will stop at almost nothing to destroy those who attempt to EXPOSE them. I ought to know as I have worked in/for the Catholic Church.Ultra corrupt Attorney/FBI AGENT/Judge Philip A. IGNELZI stood at my desk stating that once a person has reached a certain stature in life, he should not be brought up for public scrutiny and be arrested and indicted on child molestation charges. Mr. Ignelzi defended Lawrence (Larry) Mihalko, the Gateway Elementary School teacher who most methodically preyed upon the little innocent fourth (4th) grade girls that he molested in the back of his classes to where Larry Mihalko had cleverly moved his desk and piled it high with stacks of books.Then, Bishop/now Cardinal Donald W. Wuerl conspired with Attorney Philip A. IGNELZI to make every attempt to discredit any of Larry Mihalko's victims ... which these two monsters succeeded in doing (Larry Mihalko's wife, Phyllis, later becoming Philip A. Ignelzi's campaign manager for Phil's judgeship.).  And this was nothing compared to what these two parasites did to other victims who came forward to attempt to seek some type of justice and restitution.Deeply Concerned.Please respond to my e-mail (justiceforfreedom@ymail.com).412-515-9220P.O. Box 40337Pittsburgh, PA  15201-0337My telephone service has been tampered with because even though my bills have always been paid in a timely manner, for years,  my calls have been electronically blocked to deliberately prevent me from telling people what I repeatedly witnessed ... my calls even being channelled to a different telephone number to prevent me from obtaining protection (which I can prove) and help (a really nice and decent telephone operator told me what was going on and who some of the government culprits have been).These powerfully corrupt officials have infiltrated major law enforcement agencies that were originally intended to protect us victimized citizens and they have jeopardized my cases through obstruction of justice, REPEATEDLY,  and for these RICO Act crimes, Judges Cercone, Cindrich, Ignelzi et al like D.A. Stephen A. Zappala, former scheming  Prothonotary Michael Lamb, Peter V. Marcoline, Jr. and Antonio Ciotti, Helen Raferty, Georgette (Gigi) ? ______, Nancy Cheatom, Marsha Winston, Michelle Ralston, Curtis Hefflin, Caster D. Binion, A. Fulton Meacham, A. Kenneth Mann (both of them), et al along with their numerous accomplices ... should be indicted and prosecuted to the full extent of the law but I do not have the finances to fight these wrongs, that have been committed against my person,  in Court. I have lost everything that I have ever owned because of this fight to protect and defend our children that I undertook, in Pittsburgh, in December of 1984.Attorneys and other individuals cannot contact me, either.   Glen Hazel is like a Black Natzi Concentration Camp with constant gas fumes coming into apartments making senior citizens crippled, blind, deaf  and causing them to become ill and (it is not old age) while sick demented, sexually perverted management officials sit in the office laughing.NOT ... THE ENDSECTION 2Pope Benedict XVI has arranged, to the best of his ability, for Cardinal Donald Wuerl of Washington, D.C. to become the next pompous Catholic Hitler to take over and finish the despicable acts that Hitler and Joseph Ratzinger started in Bavaria.  That is why it was arranged for the 96 passengers and the suicide pilot to meet their untimely deaths at Katyn (Ktym) on April 10, 2010.  This being the last day of the nine day Novena of Divine Mercy which always falls on the first Saturday after Easter Sunday.There were witnesses on board that plane who were willing to testify against Pope Benedict XVI and his history of torturing children.  Think about  it!  Why was it that, at the last minute ... Tusk, three (3) Rabbi's, and three (3) Italian Cardinals refused to board the Polish Tu-154MI worked in the audio visual department in college as a work-study student. It is very easy to create dense sudden fog so, to me, from the moment that I heard about the crash, this crash has appeared to have been a most highly sophisticated assassination plot that succeeded beyond the culprits wildest dreams ... especially when Poland did not call for immediate outside help to investigate the Russians and possible other countries and persons of interest. Why, as soon as I heard about this horrific crash, I thought, "ASSASSINATION!"I even went on the Internet about it. And, I made some telephone calls.So, someone plotted their course of action so well that they were able to distract all of those close to the high profile dignitaries that perished. Someone that was not closely attached to those that perished should have taken control of the crash scene for the Poles.If I was not in this wheelchair, I would have hopped a flight to Poland to find someone to take control until a year of mourning had passed and those in deep grief would have been able to think more clearly and logically. I kept sending e-mails ... all to no avail.Why was it that President Barack Obama and Michelle met secretly with Pope Benedict XVI with Michelle ridiculously dressed in a questionable black outfit ... for a black mass in Rome, Italy just before this crash?  And, why was President Obama in a special meeting with some German dignitaries and then meeting later with Russian President Medvedev and Vladimir Putin? And, why did not President Barack Obama attend the huge Polish Catholic Mass that was held for all of the Katyn (Ktym) victims (many of which were notably high dignitaries), including Polish President Lech Kaczynski and his wife (No, the debris from the volcano had nothing to do with it as another route to Poland from the South could have sufficed)?  Why did Pope Benedict XVIhave cassons of gold and other Vatican objects of wealth transferred to Bavaria, Germany?Why was Bishop/Cardinal Donald Wuerl always stealing from the American Poles and "HELL BENT" on destroying the Polish neighborhoods and closing the Catholic Churches of the devout Polish Communities?  Hitler, Ratzinger and Wuerl ... there is no difference between these three mental misfits/perverts who have been most definitely aware of all of the mortal sins that they callously committed.Yes, that old Cheshire Pope Cat with the evil eyes is planning to pass the "Wand of Perversion" along with a vault full of "Perversion Papers" to the Scarlet, RED-FACED, Cardinal who is most clever and astute at speaking with a Fork Tongue while deceptively pulling the wool from his black sheep over most of the unsuspecting, naive,  sheep eyes in his and other's flocks.Both Cardinal Donald Wuerl and Pope Benedict XVI have very shifty eyes (I bet they both wish that they were a pair of chameleons.).  And, let us not over look the other snake-in-the-grass, Cardinal Dan DiNardo, who has presented himself as the "now you see me, now you don't" magician down around Galveston, Houston, and areas around the Mexican border (causing me to wonder if he might be disguising himself as a woman).I have often wondered what has been DiNardo's part in the illegal Italian importing Rackett (that some shady characters tried to recruit me into which has had one shipping route from Italy coming up through Mexico and one coming into the United States through New York {the Harlem shake-down?}) that for over thirty (30) years has been in operation under the direction of a powerful Pittsburgh Italian judge that I was told could have me killed (this was in the middle 1980s and it appears that even some Pittsburgh FBI Agents double-crossed me instead of helping me).So, I have changed my mind about globetrotting in Harlem and about buying those Mexican jumping beans.Deeply Concerned.Justice should prevail!STILL NOT ... THE ENDSECTION 3No child should ever be tortured ... or suffer ... the way that millions of children have been forced ... to silently endure heartache and pain ...  as a result of how the Catholic Church ... has deliberately traumatized these helpless and innocent human beings ... who are so totally dependent upon us adults ... for how they will develop into adulthood.  And those who have been entrusted with the care and/or special authority over our precious unsuspecting believers, should be assigned a punishment at least three (3) times what the standard punishment is in the book of designated statutes under government law. Reason being that these selected individuals have taken on the responsibilities of serving as protectors, leaders and trusting mentors.ALL PEDOPHILE sexual offenders should be immediately arrested, indicted and prosecuted irregardless of what their stature in life is because any abuse of this nature, most definitely, will have some degree of lasting negative effects on these victims' lives. The higher their stature in life then the greater their penalty should be for these horrific crimes that they have so callously committed.How many such children will be sexually abused today, alone, without being rescued.  Talk about "lonely teardrops."Justice should prevail!NO END IN SIGHT WITH ALL OF THE SEXUAL MISFITS AT THE CONCLAVEPLEASE read Father Malachi Martin's, "The Final Conclave."There is so much more and that is why my life is in so much danger and why my calls, e-mails and mail are being intercepted, for years.9/11 occurred because of foreign terrorists like the two men who both identified themselves to me as being Attorney A. Kenneth Mann, when I was illegally and falsely accused of being delinquent in my rent ... something that I have never been in my entire life. Both men look similar but cannot be identical twins because there are distinct differences. But, both men also claim to be retired engineers.Antonio Ciotti claims to be an electrician and to have come to America from Italy over twenty-five (25) years ago. He has repeatedly sabotaged my electricity (almost killing me, at times) in my apartment and created an electrical barrier (with some man named Dominic who Ciotti stated was his boss) that has prevented me from making and receiving numerous telephone calls at my apartment, here, since October 13, 2008.  And, because this electrical current is so very strong, all of the eight (8) large pins and screws in my foot cause me constant pain and I am losing all of the feeling in my feet (making my head feel as if, sometimes, I am going to have a brain hemorrhage and actually causing me severe nose bleeds) and Johnson Controls, ACI TV Direct, Verizon Comcast, Direct TV et al appear to be accomplices with Antonio Ciotti and Nancy Cheatom, who think this is funny; repeatedly laughing  about what they have been able to do to me, to my face.These men (A. Ciotti, the two men who told me they were Attorneys A. Kenneth Mann, Curtis Hefflin) and their accomplices {many corrupt and sexually perverted females} have been having my personal mail forwarded to addresses that belong to my landlord/property managers and others addresses and they have stolen from envelopes and packages mailed to me, stating that they have permission from the  D.A.'s Office and the Federal Government to keep what they want.This involves the same child molestation ring that has been repeatedly threatening me, for years. That includes Stephen and Greg Zappala and the "Kids for Cash Program" that was operating in Wilkes-Barre with Catholic Church perverted legal council, law enforcement, judicial and religious ties of outrageous proportions extending into the heart of Pittsburgh. With the despicable President Judge Mark Ciavarella (finally sentenced to 28 years in prison which, to me, should have been at least 400 years for the 4,000 children that were falsely sentenced to jail time as was conspired between corrupt judges and juvenile institutions where these teenagers were abused) calling his friend and corrupt FBI Agent Philip A. Ignelzi ... and Associate Attorney John (Jay) Edward Black, III (whose wife works for DA Zappala) adopting a child from the deal organized by Philip A. Ignelzi ... a child that may possibly be a sexually abused child due to this child's behavioral pattern. And Philip A. Ignelzi is as thick as thieves with the entire corrupt Zappala Family and Ignelzi's law firm made its employee attorneys constantly donate cash to DA Zappala's campaign in exchange for favors and preferential treatment (the attorneys constantly complaining about this later, to me).Since I have been unable to defend myself in this wheelchair, Nancy Cheatom has taken away my self cleaning oven and handicapped accommodations that I had at my previous residence, declaring me no longer handicapped and then having me taken, against my will,  and thrown into deplorable living conditions in a deadly Glen Hazel High Rise at 945 Roselle Court, Apt. 703, Pittsburgh  15207 (where, if mail is sent here, Nancy Cheatom and her notorious cohorts steal whatever is personal, confidential and of value) ... with drug addicts, prostitutes, gun and knife toutin' criminals, dirty cops and other criminals ... a building that is operated by ultra corrupt judges and corrupt law enforcement officers (including our former Pittsburgh Chief of Police and his notorious side-kicks Art Bedway from Victory Security {who in 2008 stole and damaged over $10,000 in personal items from me and also stole valuable Court evidence and three legal file boxes of legal Court documents on Court Cases that I had filed in Federal Court that were later redacted and falsely refiled by Philip A. Ignelzi et al with the assistance of Judge David S. Cercone, without my knowledge} and HACP's fraud organization {that has had it's criminal activities strongly supported by HUD and the ultra corrupt Prothonotary's Office which was under the criminal direction of Michael Lamb who told me that it was not he that was illegally stealing my monies out of my escrow accounts but rather the corrupt judges} with some of these terroristic characters being accomplices in the Art Bedway | Nate Harper crimes repeatedly committed against my person and with greater zest than ever before, since I have been confined to this wheelchair).CATHOLIC CHURCH  and PITTSBURGH HOUSING AUTHORITY (under Luke Ravenstahl and State Auditor Jack Wagner) acts of terrorism against Children and Senior Citizens.HACP Multi-Billion $ Money Laundering operation since the A. Kenneth Mann brothers took over with their league of foreign terrorists.NOTE  HACP  Corruption Ring:HUD's Marsha YohePPG's Rich Lord concealed truthA. Kenneth Mann (both since 1970 - 1977)COO A. Fulton MeachamCEO Caster D. Binion (my filed police report against this sexual predator was ignored and the Pittsburgh Police Dept. refused to take charges twice against Michelle Ralston for her terroristic crimes against my person)Guylene McCorkle CoxMichelle Jackson-WashingtonFrank O'LearyLarry McLeodJack LewisMarsha GraysonMarsha RuckerCraig JenkinsMichelle RalstonDenise Chappell (?sp)Ray Martin?         GodfreyPat ? FarrarRobin SmithHarriet JethroToni RaymondMarsha WinstonNancy CheatomCurtis HefflinLaura SamualsRegina BranchJanet CopelandIda/Precilla ? -Chub a.k.a. BernardYvonne ? - works maintenance? Her nameTrying to remember other names.Keith KinardJames Cvetic (Deputy Sheriff Cvetic) took boys about ages 7 to 11 to Kentucky Wrestling matches and the boys told me that Mr. Cvetic gave them pop that made them feel funny and act crazy and then they all had to take turns sleeping with Mr. Cvetic.  Why was Mr. Cvetic never arrested?  A dirty cop thing, right.  And there is more, here that I personally witnessed and Sheriff Eugene Coone and Sheriff Pete DeFazio refused to do anything about.Oakland Hotel - FilthyThey threw me in there and I lived there in six weeks of horror and the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette and the Pittsburgh Tribune Review covered up these crimes. There was so much horror involved in this nightmare situation that I am even lucky that I am alive and this was all as a result of HACP terrorists and there is so much more involved here that involves terrorist Michelle Ralston et al.ACCOMPLICES:Police Chief Nate HarperArt BedwayCynthia HarperJoy Pecar-MillerMary J. BedwayJohn ? BatistaAlpha OutfittersVictory SecurityDiversified Security? A M SecurityHeavy set M ? F with 2" braids standing up on headShort Blk|F|Brite Blue Cmpct CarMargaret HourdOther Victory Guards from Sept. 2003 to present.Tennis Roofing was wrongly sued because the HACP sabotaged the roofers' work after the roofers would leave for the day. Victory Security was involved in these crimes.  HACP top administrative staff laughed and bragged about how they were going to destroy Tennis Roofing and chase them out of Pittsburgh, forever (this was before they made an agreement with Tennis Roofing) and sue Tennis Roofing for damage that they were not even responsible for (I was standing right there listening to them talk.).Jim NicolettiAntonio CiottiHACPMost employees refuse to present their employee I.D. and do not have to.  Some refuse to give their last names. Many have criminal records with some expunged for good behavior (out of their own mouths).Since 1986, that was when I first became aware of this matter where the HACP has been involved in planting illegal covert video taping and audio devices in tenants apartments. This is a sick multi-trillion dollar business that is supported by blackmail.I was advised that Glen Hazel was a senior high rise and a witness protection building.  ALL A LIE ! OUTRAGEOUS LIE !Glen Hazel is where one is Shanghaied to and then permanently silenced to protect the criminals who are always sitting on their thrones in high places. I majored in Geriatrics in college and I aced my Geriatrics courses and my nine Psychology and Death and Dying courses.  All I have witnessed in Pittsburgh; in the Pittsburgh Catholic Diocese; under the Housing Authority of the City of Pittsburgh (HACP) a.k.a. Pittsburgh Housing Authority (PHA); and elsewhere are repeated acts of beastly cold blooded murder by vicious wealthy investment landlords who have powerfully corrupt judges, law enforcement officers, government officials, politicians, doctors, lawyers, religious clerics (from all places of worship they come crawling out of the woodwork), bankers, sports idiots from everywhere, et al in their knock-out-kill-them-dead corner.  Their ultimate existence for on-going happy hours of sick perverted thrills with joy in prostitution, drugs, gambling, child molestation with inhumane torture, etc.And, the U.S. Marshall's Office of Western PA is involved because Ed Varella (sp?) showed me his I.D. and his USMOWP shirt that he wore under his outer shirt and jacket shirt (and then the mob conveniently killed him, I am sure).When Jerome Garland began filling me in on some HACP managers' criminal past, he suddenly met up with death on an "Access Bus."And, after George Robinson told me about how I was right and hit the nail on the head about Victory Security (warning me that Ciotti and the whole lot of them could kill me) and how they and some of the Tenant Council Members and HACP administrators, managers, Margaret Hourd, Antonio Ciotti et al have been involved in all of the criminal acts committed against my person, George was found strangled to death (my source next to George's family) but how George died was covered up and the funeral was posted as a private family affair.My Dad (an extremely thin,  5'3" short 76 year old male {who miraculously grew to 5' 9" from the time of his death until his autopsy} who never bothered anyone) was most brutally and viciously beaten to death for his small Social Security and dividend checks and the Coroner's Office falsified the Death Certificate saying that my Dad died of "natural causes" when there were thirteen (13) witnesses to prove otherwise and I was denied the right to a Coroner's Inquest.There are hundreds of falsified and forged documents against my person and please do not believe the lies.  I need someone to help me get copies of all of these falsified documents.I was even put under false arrest for going public about PEDOPHILES Richard C. Wallace and Edward Haney (and Pat Crawford, an accomplice who protected them and their crimes called me about 4:00 p.m. on Friday, February 10, 1989, to tell me that Superintendent Wallace was going to have me permanently silenced if I ever mentioned any more names, again, publicly {I had just begun speaking publicly but I had made sure that I had been down to the U.S. Attorney's Office to show Thomas Corbett and Amy Hay my speeches before addressing these PEDOPHILE issues publicly}).I was almost murdered, to say the least, and so viciously beaten by Richard C. Wallace's  notorious cohorts, that my life has never been the same. These are uncontrollable killers and there has been no restitution or justice to this day because this, Pittsburgh City,  is the #1 SIN CITY.  This is the city that is basically operated with an Iron Fist by the main four Mafia groups (they even have their neighborhoods red-lined which is a felony): Jewish Mafia; Italian Mafia; Irish Mafia (not as powerful because as Judge Ignelzi has stated to me, "The Irish are the gophers for the Italians.") and Black Mafia.  The other ethnic/racial groups are so insignificant that they have been occasionally thrown into the mix for mere flavor and color to make the menu more appealing / appetizing.Please forgive my spelling and grammatical errors as it difficult to write in this little space and not be able to proof read everything.I pray that this gets through to you.The above are excerpts from previous writings.Want to experience Catholic Church, HACP and Halloween Horrors 24/7/365-366 days a year?  Then come to the No.1 Sin City in America ... PITTSBURGH!  Perversion Papers enough for all types of twisted minds ... the Pittsburgh City Paper is good for starters.And, there are trickery and buffoonery real estate fraud deals that will simply boggle your mind ... unbelievable $1.00 deals that will knock your socks off.  Come ... there are money laundering deals to suit every pocket book (and who said that money is one of the dirtiest things that people can touch ... well, not in Pittsburgh ... someone is always laundering some kind of money somewhere for one thing or another).Did you know that, if you play your cards right, you can work out "secret" investment deals with the Catholic Church?  Just ask Cardinal Donald Wuerl how he assisted in arranging these types of deals ... and maybe you will want to put your dollars in the Vatican Bank that is headed by the Gotti family ties member, "Vince."  When big money is funneled through the Catholic Church into the Vatican Bank in Rome, Italy, one only need make an agreed upon donation to the Catholic Church and since there are no investment transactions in writing, then there is no record of cash gains and BINGO! one gets cash under the table free and clear of any tax obligations. That is why the powerful big dogs in the Catholic Church have so much extra Monopoly Money to play with and why they enjoy one Monte Carlo Night after another. I think I just let the cat out of the bag. Oh ... watch those Grey Hounds run after the Cat House in the Gravy Train!HK   ...   HK   ...   HK   ...   HK   ...March 13-2013

Why didn`t the Holy Spirit stop the Priest child molesters?elect a pope who isn't gay

When will they elect Jesus as their Pope?

Some one should sneak in dressed like one of them n then do the harlem shake. That would be the end of all harlem shake videos!

more #$%$ in power

foxbots have re-written the Gospels to benefit the rich.

Religion makes you wear funny clothes. And hats.

I was born and raised Roman Catholic and this is the most hypocritical religion.  Some of the foundational beliefs of being Catholic are acceptance and forgiveness.  Yet the Catholic Church spends millions of dollars in missions traveling the world trying to convert people because their religion is "superior."  Priests spend countless hours giving homilies about why people need to donate "at least 10% of their pre-tax income to the church."  Again, trying to buy your way into Heaven.  I choose to not attend church and pray alone in my home, with my family.  And according to the Bible, praying in private is more important than praying in front of people.  But yet, because I don't attend church or give money "to God", I am going to Hell.  Nice religion.  Listen people, you don't need a religion to have belief in a "Higher Power."

Maybe they will go the way of the protestant "mega-churches", to fill the pews. Rock music, coffee bars, and massive loads of humanism.

How would you like to be an Altar Boy in there? You would be the catcher is a sausage fest. Fall from Grace? They went from tyrant rulers of the world to pedophile rump pirates, I say "reward delivered".

As a Catholic, I am very concerned about all the negative feedback from people who don't appear to be Catholic or know anything about Catholicism.  With over 1 BILLION Catholics in the world, someone needs to be in charge. Even a ball game has an umpire...and a lot of people don't agree with them, either, but they make the call when things appear foggy. The Cardinals are praying for guidance in choosing the right person for the job.  Have mistakes been made?  Certainly.  I doubt any Catholic would claim otherwise.  However, divine guidance needs to take us to the future.  If you don't know anything about the Catholic Church, please do your research before making blatantly ignorant (because of lack of knowledge, not because of stupidity) comments.How about NO new pope... Lets get rid of the evil churches once and for all.... Or at least start taxing the pedophiles.

the catholic corp is so sinister they have to this ritual in secret. #$%$!!!

religion=ignorance=fear=violence=death

Greetings People Of Good Will:May His Holiness to be bring; joy &amp; examination of conscience of our faith.  Perhaps we'll see our first Black Pope from a third world country.  Will we see perhaps Peter The II???  May our thoughts &amp; prayers continue to support the Holy Spirit's journey...  AMEN.In Prayer,Ronny

Freaking Cult! - Look like a KKK convention, difference are only the red robes!

Unlike "Bush" or the "mad right wingers" this is the only electoral process in which the individual chosen to the highest office can say unequivocally, "Dam right I am chosen by God." ;)

What if there is no god?  you know - like santa claus? ( I know I know - I'm being silly.)   Clearly the ancient egyptians were also silly for believing in all those gods of theirs.  And weren't the greeks silly for believing in all their gods too?  and those romans who ruled the world for centuries - all their gods were silly too!  it just make so much more sense to believe that 2000 years ago, a guy was born to a virgin mom, died, came back to life 3 days later after being nailed to a cross and stabbed in the side, and is god's son.  That make so much more sense to me. Then again, a story like that makes santa claus look believable.  oh my...

Is the rumor true that an anti pedophile terrorist group operating within the Vatican did contaminate Vatican's most holy and blessed supply of K-Y JELLY with sand ??

I think it's come down to; Whoever draws the short straw wins.... While the rest sigh in relief...

I do hope that who ever that becomes the next one is open minded and is not like the one that just left !!DOES it matter we will all die soon, N. Korea is coming!

Make way for the false prophet......Rev_19:20  And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the mark of the beast, and them that worshipped his image. These both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone.

I am kind of over the Catholic Church.

How do the make rainbow colored smoke?

They can choose whoever they want.It will still be wrong!!! The one &amp; only head of the church is JESUS CHRIST!!!! Our savior!!!

TSA and Al Qaeda would be a good place to recruit from.

They are all #$%$ ..starting with th biggest jerk ..the pope !!

Catholics need to wake up and get out of this religion, its a fake and complete deception. Wake up and serve only the true God, His is your Father and your Creator, The Pope is not your Holy Father, what a lie from Hell. This is a lie, he is a liar , him and his boyfriends. Wake up people! There is no mediator between human being and God, but Jesus Christ alone. Jesus Christ is the stairway between earth and heaven, He is the way the truth and the life.

I heard they get "jumped in" like gang members

and they have invited 115 hairless boys for evening stress relief : )I wonder who the next glorified cult-leader is gonna be?

Will the nightmare of Catholic priests defiling our children ever end?

Organized religions are nothing but legal racketeering rings.

Obama for pope! Obama for pope! Yes, we can! Yes, we can! We are the change we can believe in! We are the change we can believe! OBAMA 2013! OBAMA 2013!

I don't know who the pope will be but he will probably be old, he'll be happy to run an organization that hides and protects child molesters and happily give the poorest people in the most aids infected region on earth food and tell them that they'll be punished by god if they wear condoms.You need a sociopath to run a sociopathic criminal organization such as the catholic church.

the Vatican : porthole to Hell

looks like they're blowing smoke up our 4ss.

Oh give me a break, they were smoking cigars and drinking whiskey...

Seriously? Someone cares?

This isn't news. Religion has no relevance in the modern world at least to any sane, humane, and educated person.Please not another Theologian my church needs a tough administrator, someone to clean house, take charge. He can assign Theologian to his cabinet.

they all bend over for the one eyed bishop!

Why does staring at a smokestack waiting to hear news about a new Pope sound ridiculus when everyone there has cellphones and ipads to stay up on current events?

Who gives an #$%$ rip what the Catholic Church does? I'm sure Catholics do, but why is it front page news? It should be on the back page and in the religious news section of the newspaper. It is rediculous that all the news outlets are captivated by what the Catholic Church is doing. Rediculous!

Can't understand why so many comments are "blocked". This is no time for vulgarity. Have we forgotten that think called kindness. Certainly, as a Catholic I am frustrated and disappointed with the  disclosures we've seen over the recent past. But, those events don't define the Church in my mind. Christ must be as disappointed as I am but I doubt he's giving up!

The Spirit's light is certainly needed by the Cardinals in coming out with their best choice of a Spirit-led Pontiff to be a Spiritual Father of the College of Cardinals, Bishops of the local Churches guiding the 1.2-billion- member Church,  throughout the world,  in the light of human problems besetting the Church intra and extra as She carries on the much needed message of Salvation to all men of our modern, not so modern, and post-modern times. Let's join in prayer with all who ask God's most important guidance for our cardinals in conclave.

Sorry, I'm not superstitious and believe in Boogy men who damn you to eternal hellfire if you refuse to love them.

Who cares?!? The Catholic church should just go straight to hell. #$%$ pedophiles...and those that hide them.

"at a time of strife and scandal"Implying there hasn't been a scandal for decades.

Catholics are #$%$ up, all of 'em. Except the pretty ones!!!If the good die you young what does that say about the pope?

bible basher's hang on the TV looking for smoke while the rest of us hides their children when we see a priest. who cares the RKC is dying in the western world it's influence is none existent.this should not even be in the news

Black smoke ?  I think that means they just elected the Colored Guy !

Conclave is Latin for BIG HONKIN POT PARTAY!

Elect a black pope, please! If we're gonna have a circus , let's have a GREAT F{}CKING circus

Ladies and gentlemen, I hate to break it to you, but we continue to be popeless this day.

law enforcement will need to know who the next pedi file king is...thanks conclave.

I can't resist indeed a bad joke but I was thinking when the cardinals elect a pope they must be native americans because they send smoke signals ...please disreguard thanks for the report abuse

how is the black smoke made,, by burning RUBBERS I bet

Black smoke  been indicating black pope ever but ths whites forks been denying d oppurtunity. open ua eyesWhen it's red smoke, it means the Joker is in town

Its a good day! No new king of the child molestor's selected. I wonder if they are doing back round checks to see who had the most boys so far in their careers. Winner gets the thrown.I hope all you believers and religious freaks know that the last dope quit because of the massive amounts of child molestation cases that are now coming to light. They tried and tried to cover them up but with so many its impossible. Hows that feel your religious leader just quitsout of nowhere and that has not happen in 500-800 years? I love it!I am glad I got rid of my imaginary friend when I was five. He never cost me a dime unlike this imaginary man in the sky. Before I die I would love to see how much the Church has stollen from its people over all these hundreds of years. Then theres this whole cult like process with black smoke and white smoke then the selection process. They probably burn $1 bills for the black and $100 bills for white. Its ridiculous!Nothing more then an approved cult nothing more nothing less.

What is REALLY going on in that chamber and why is no one allowed to see 'anything'?

They probably burned a baby to produce that black smoke.  Stagnant, twisted, evil religion.

Still doing background checks to see which cardinals had either molested young boys or covered up for other Catholic clergy.  It's probably hard to find a cardinal that hasn't done one or the other.

Americans need to realize that the priest molestation scandal is one of MANY crises the Church is facing -- and it might not be the most egregious, either.  In Nigeria, a Muslim terrorist group called Boko Haram is blowing up Catholic churches during Mass, killing hundreds of people at a time.  Also, there is the HHS mandate crisis in America along with the crisis of secularism in Europe.We need to pray for the new pope and for all the cardinals.  They NEED it.  They need US.

I declare myself Pope St. Shawn the 1st for another lifetime.

get it done for crying out loud see who GOD has planned for you..

C'mon God, show yourself! Your church really needs some help now. Right now, having faith isn't working for me right now. A supernatural demonstration would be great. I have no idea about what happens (if anything) after death. So I am agnostic. Being certain that there is no God would seem to require a certain belief system as does religious faith.

Abolish the Papacy!hopefully the new Pope will be tough on the media unlike John Paul 2

No matter who is elected, I'll always make believe it was George Carlin...

Yes to Jesus.  No to the church.

What is the color for "Yes, we the the catholic church admit to covering up preists molesting boys."

just blowen smoke

no more television coverage till you dumb chits get it right.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Remember hanging chads?  I's a good thing this election isn't being held in Florida or there'd never be a winner.

Cardinals head to conclave, Cubs to the cemetery.......

For those posting "It's not just a troubled church but a troubled world"... that's a cop out.  The world doesn't put itself on a pedestal and pretend to be holier than thou the same as the Catholic Church.  When an organization becomes more important the people it represents, it's time for it's down fall.

They finally broke from the centuries of Italian Popes, now take it one step further. Go with a Protastant or a Sikh.The world's biggest Satanic Cult never ceases to amuse me. It's tragic how many souls are lost to this insidious organization.

Looks like a Pagan ritual sacrifice burning...

looks like air pollution to me

It's hell fire causing the black smoke.

black smoke, squinty smiles, and doritos bags snapped open

These guys are so old that the smoke is actually from the Vatican's crematorium each time one of them dies.

"daunting array of problems"...? Why such hate? Church is fine, will be fine. Earth is fine, will be fine. Us people need help and the Church and Earth always continue to do that for us.

who freaking cares SOOOOO boring

Now that all these pedophilese are locked in one place just throw away the key or burn the MF down.

Not only are they pedophiles, now they're polluting the air with their black smoke.  Time to close the vatican and distribute the billions of dollars they steal to the masses of poor and starving.  Maybe then there would be less wars too.  Remember, what your catechism said?  "If you're not Catholic, you're going to hell."Black smoke, must be lots of resin in the weed.

at least something "black" about the selection of a new pope. hopefully, a white smoke will mean a black pope! for all the indecencies of whites in the catholic church and Christendom at large, whites have lost their credibility as far as heading anything Christian is concerned. from abusing children to homosexuality, whites have failed God!

when I fart o my hand, it gets warm.

Thank GOD we get to go another day without a false idol.

I don't remember reading this in the Bible.....oh wait.....it's not in the Bible.  Man and their traditions!

Secrecy, superstition, costumes, posturing...welcome to the 9th century.  lol

WHO CARES ABOUT THE POPE!!! he is not a god!!! this is where the catholics go all wrong! they focus too much on trivial things and worship the pope and mary more than God himself!! every other day, you hear about some homosexual catholic priest that is being investigated for child molestation! the catholic religion is so corrupt!!!! may God forgive them!!!!!

Illuminati!!!!

we need to do the same to the white house. lock them in and when they reach an agreement than we the people of the us will let them out. puff on that obama administration.

The pope did NOT say he wasn't strong enough to handle the churches WOES.....I love how Yahoo writers can't even get indirect quotes correct.  I know high school journalism students who are better at writing/checking facts than these jokers.  I pray no one actually uses Yahoo as a credible news source.The press obsesses over this, not for any affinity for the church or the slightest belief in God, but because they are trying to figure out how they and the politicians they worship can exert similar control and influence over a billion+ people.

Pat Buchanan call your office!!..The Vatican bought a Gay Bath house with some of your money.

Good thing Snoop Dawg ain't making the smoke. This would drag on for years....

Did you see this bunch of perverts when they went in? Half of them are too old to remember why they are there! They're all wondering when the next round of kids will show up!

Try and imagine how little I care about a bunch of elderly men wearing beanies and playing dress-up. The Catholic Church is a destructive, antiquated and hypocritical institution. A giant boys club whose vestments alone cost enough to feed a small third world country. The less attention they are paid, the better.

They have yet to invent the instrument to measure how little I give a F.

I am not Catholic but enough of the Pope already. If people want to be Catholic or whatever, that is their business. I get tired of the press beating EVERYTHING in the ground.

The False Prophet needs to get himself in place, wearing a fish hat, and carrying jesus on a crooked stick, watch for him, decption in the making.

Hey Kathleen...being gay does not make you pervert the young or old in fact in the larger community most perps are married men!

Dang, I missed that chapter in the bible that talks about colored smoke and archaic figureheads dressing in Halloween costumes to vote for a never-biblically-mentioned pope......"Let's see, which one of you will best be able to downplay the constant, ongoing atrocities carried out and taught by modern day Catholicism?"hope the next pope is not a homosexual  or child molestor  there have bean hundreds of sex scandels from catholic priest and cardenals and popes

The corrupt catholics ridiculous claim at invincibilty, when it comes to choosing a pope, was shot to living hell when the idiot cardinals chose Benny, who it is a well known fact was completely complicit in Child molestation. Thank God the europeans have been and still are leaving all churches in great droves .  Humans have divinity within them and all are limited in having any real understanding of what  ' god ' is  .  look inward . YOU are your own  number one guru. Do not count on idiot priest , pastors and rabbis - they are essentially clueless . you and ONLY you are the driver of your bus .

Excellent!  Soon we will have a brand new old man in a costume!

Wonder if the cardinals are bringing in strippers tonight?

really? they communicate with colors of smoke?  As archaic as their religion.

Maybe if they spent this much time dealing with the Pedophiles claiming to be men of God people wouldn't be so disillusioned with the Church.

LOOK ! The smoke is pink. We have a Gay pope..........again. Thank God  !

Jerry Sandusky was only 3 votes shy. The White smoke is coming soon...

why do they call them cardinalswhat about a cockatoo

If a priest is convicted of molestation he should be shot , just like any other #$%$ who hurt childrenThe faith is blind. Insanity has many followers.

Allow all the priest to marry,then all the SEX abuse will stop at least may be 30% in all catholic churches even the cardinals.Saint PAUL said that in BIBLE,if you can not endure selebecy then get your self a WIFE to avoid all the child abuses.GOD'S yoke is easy to cary.

Maybe you guys should vet this one a little better than you did Joe Ratzenberger.

It just goes to show that we cannot look to man for our Salvation for Salvation is found in no pope but rather Jesus Christ!

We'll pray and hope that the best fo all, a Saint be elected in the next hours......

None of them have molested the minimum amount of alter boys to qualify yet.

Hey this is good news for all the followers of this lost so called christain faith.you still have time to seek the real truth, in the savior....Jesus Christ...not the leader of the Roman Catholic Church

why all the fancy robes and poles? The priest mentioned in the bible were not just any Tom#$%$ &amp; Harry, They were out of the tribe of Levite and i don't see one Jew.

Vegas just lowered the Odds they'll pick a Black Pope. It's now only 1,000,000,000,000,000,000 to 1.....................

And Jesus said "the next pope WILL be called Peter #$%$ Pan!"Could have been pot smoke.....we can't say for sure, yet.

what a bunch of ridiculous, superstitious nonsense. there is nothing divine about this election: a bunch of old men in dresses voting which one of them gets to be the head of a church that no longer bears witness to Christ so much as to itself

it is hard to find a pope these days, with all the nazi youth getting older. anyone want to talk about how many of the ten commandments are broken by the official daily practices of the catholic church, might as well have 666 on that pointy hat

When the Viagra is all gone and the circle jerk is over, Eeny, Meeny, Miny, Moe is all that is necessary.

It's not a "church", it's just an organization, a group of whacks, wierdos who couldn't get into the other wierd areas of life, a theatre of playmakers, men who have made a life by pretending to be God's people, another reason our world is a mess, a fashion statement, a keeper of riches under defrauding identity, and sodomites. Church?  Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha God isn't going to be shamed just because you think so.

Pope and Mary worshipers will receive their just reward from God for being blasphemers and idol worshipers.

oh no!  Now I have to deal with Miss. Catholic on the job.  That's a woman from Italy who bad mouths me because I say to her "I don't talk about religion on the job" when she wants to give me daily updates on the "Pope".  I really don't care.

I never understood the trinity. The Mary, the Pope and the Jesus. If the popes are always dying, how can they be Jesus's father? Which pope was the original? Why does Mary like beads on strings so much?

STILL TRYING TO SORT OUT THE PEDOPHILES ?

So pretty much these guys are the ambassador of God? Religion is a b--t base on what we claim it to be.That black smoke is polluting my clean air, stupid christians.

Stop comparing Church teaching to "Conservatism". It is Church teaching, not foolish American politics.

No rational, intelligent human being cares. The only thing we care about is that these criminals, abusers and bigots be brought to justice and exposed for the frauds and snake oil salesmen that they are. Nice dresses and hats by the way. SMH

Whatever controversy their may be, their is no denying the coolness of getting to wear cool hats and capes and have those cool-looking half-staff things

I hope they give Megan Fox the serious consideration she deserves for this job. I think she'd be great.

The gathering of the fat, old pedophiles. LOL!If there were a god there would be an earthquake in Italy today.

They should leave them locked in there for 20yrs ......evil evil men

If they would just get with today's world and allow married men to become priests this wouldn't happen. My older brother wanted to become a priest at one time but then realized he wanted a family more.

hopefully tom hanks is on call

So the Catholic church can up and move a pedophile to a new church at a moments notice but cant elect a new pope in over a week?What color smoke did you expect when you have 120 old men in a room? That's the toilette vent!

That is one big cult.

why are nthe black cardinals wearing white, and nthe white cardinals wearing red

None of them are real Christians - all are shameless apologists for state violence and theft

The gate of hell shall not prevail against the church, in jesus name, amen.

Auntie, a Blope as head of the Catlick Choich?  Egad!

The catholic church has always had problems.  It could do better than it does.

Ha ha, a Cardinal just picked his nose, live on TV

God rules mankind by his Love so his Church.

I just LOVE a good drag queen contest!!!!!if not catholic why worry? non Catholics it is non of your business..

wow pointy hats

I wonder what Jesus would have worn   red or the black outfit

The catholic church has pedophiles in rome and not in jail to vote wow just makes me sick.   God showed me long ago they are way off in doctrine' Teachings". Ever see a newborn or baby repent before being baptized which is suppose to be done before being baptized catholic do and it's not found in the bible. I will give 100$ dollars to anyone who can show me were to find just one baby baptized or anyone baptized in titles father,Son ,and Holy Spirit in the bible. Come on you cardinals or you pope prove me wrong. I feel sory for those of you who wasted hard earned money to follow these wolves in sheeps clothing.

what a joke

I like those crazy hats the Swiss Guard wear. Where can I get one of those hats?

jesus told you, are not to worship mary-like jesus said who is mary----

will they play push in the star fish with the altar boys?

I saw the movie script in advance.  Cheney denounces Obama as a clone to Hitler.He's so right.... :)

The St. Louis Cardinals will pick a good player.where are the little boys for the party after they elect him???

When the smoke goes down, it's gonna rain....

Come on Mahoney.

ROCK, PAPER, SCISSORS.

Oh, the humanity!  Gasp! "Troubled Church starts conclave to find new pope."  I want to see a headline over an Obama article that states: "Low poll numbers force Troubled Administration to meet with Republicans on budget."

In an interesting coincidence, a number of kardinals are now in a konklave to elect the next imperial wizard...

Behind the elaborately staged floor show, lies the reality of an institution drenched in corruption and sexual depravity.  And it stinks to high heaven.

Why don't they just elect Jesus to be their leader?

Candidate Question 1:  Have you molested an altar boy or covered up molestation's?Candidate Question 2:  Will you immediately ex-communicate anyone who has or does?This process will hopefully find two candidates to vote on but I'm not optimistic.

It doesn't matter that I'm not catholic, my prayers are still with the cardinals at this time that they may find devine inspiration in selecting a new leader, revelator and Pope.WTFC????

Real news stories of the day, the media wont report:Jury without Jews rejected by NYC court - Arabs on trialUS threatens Pakistan with sanctions over Iran gas pipeline deal - just for doing businessTop Executives join France Exodus - people fleeing because of oppressive gov't.Bloomberg vows to press on after NYC soda rule nixed - just like I predicted

its a troubled world not the catholic church...

wow alot of hateful comments from uninformed,misguided...typical

It's going to be a problem to elect a pope who hasn't raped children.

yep if peter was here he would say whats a pope  i promise you

They are a group of homosexual pedophile enablers...

Prediction: It will be an old white guy.

Anyone want to bet the pope is going to be African American

gather the pedophiles, the hierarchy who protect them and the nazi pedophile former pope in vatican city. then drop a nuclear bomb on the vaticanPope Benedict either wants  a Term Limit for Pope, like any  head of State , unless a Dictatorial one who stays for  Life , Church problem are the Priest who hide behind those robe and molest, The Church should Part with them period .so it can come clean  and stand firm on marriage Values.

How is the NGR screwing up our nation in the last 4 years? A 666 demon of our 21st century.

no poop they need to wipe harder.You bunch of phony garbage low life child molesters Who cover up the acts of there #$%$. You are so phony with you Catholic garbage you write your own bible to suit your needs.You portray the POOP as GOD on earth which is false.Your POOP is a man nothing more to run your money making business. One day all you Catholics will pay for your sins against the LORD.

And why does it has to be an all boy's club. There so many good Catholic Nun who has taken solemn vows to serve the church . Why should they be excluded from voting for a Pope?

i hope the church gets a good pope and not an antipope type

Pot smoke signals that they are as  tired of this story as I am!

why not try asian this time....Im tired of watching european pope...

Perhaps it wasn't a vote after all; maybe they just craved smores.

Apply this to Malaysia - you don't see smoke but BLOOD coming out.

I do not envy the next Pope,prayers with the Church going outIt looks like they are having a hard time finding someone who hasn't molested some little boy yet...

A Church of apostasy, built upon unscriptural traditions, lost, unaware how to be born again, completely locked into the world system, striving for holiness without the Holy Spirit, worldly, corrupt, decked in scarlet, declaring to the tops of the mountains "no widow am I"

White smoke means a new Pope has been elected.  Black smoke means they're having an after-sex cigarette.

WOW a lot of misguided sheep here.

Too bad the black smoke wasn't the Vatican burning down !

nice costumes ! oy vey

Couldn't care less.  The Church doesn't effect my day to day life.I've done okay without it's guidance.Any problems or concerns that I have can't be fixed through prayer.

Look at these "men" ... then ask yourself .... is it something in their "make up" that propels them : to a life of "celibacy" ... to embrace wearing "skirts" and playing "dress up". Does this empower them? Enhance their egos? Drive their pedophile urges? Do they see themselves as "man Gods"?What's wrong with this picture .....

Give it 100 or so years and the catholic church will be a publicly traded company on the new york stock exchange

all child molesters with a white hat please stand upThe church is experiencing today the infiltration of people of questionable character. It is regretable but we need to continually pray for the church and for people in authority for God's guardiance.

It's so disheartening that our youth are still being subjected to the cult mindset of magical boogermen controlling ones own fate when every god the sheeple have created have all gone into the same abyss of ignorance when science debunks them.  Many claim that the Inquisition and all of the horrors brought about by a few were evil and does not represent the many of cult members. They are mistaken.  The Inquisition is exactly how it would be if the bible were to be followed to the letter!  Such a sad shame that these cults are still allowed to exist at all.

I'm not a Catholic, but I kinda hope its gonna be Scola...simply for the fun pun of "Pope Scola". come on you know you all groaned before you started shrieking that I'm gonna burn in hell...

Wow the Altar boys get more time off please more black smoke

My heart goes out to these...the idiots who rush out in a prison break once Amnesty, Int`l opens the door are DOMA, they are eco-terrorist who do take hostages, play games to get pardons, and then we end up with a Pope Benedict Arnold all over again.  Under these conditions, it`s really tough picking candidates, isn`t it, guys?  It`s like the whole universe is watching with condemning eyes...I pray for these.

Doesn't matter who is elected. The reality is that very little will change. The world needs more spirituality and less religion.

God isn't real.

younger pope to draw in younger crowd????? hahaha dont that have to be at like 70 ish to be considered?

I can't believe how many anti-Catholic comments there are...Wow!  Just remember Jesus himself chose Judus to be his disciple.  Men are sinners, but there sins don't negate the Church's/Jesus's athority or the truth they teach.  Remember the Catholic Church is the chruch jesus started, Jesus is the head, and we are his body.  A REJECTION OF THE CHURCH IS A REJECTION OF JESUS

So, the (W)hore of Babylon seeks a new leader?  Another pedophile enabler? Sick.I am so glad I am not Catholic.

They will elect the usual half-dead old fart to be Chief Child Raper and Pervert to this stinking old corpse of a religion that should have died out many years ago.

The news media apparently has mistaken many of us for people who really care who the next Pope is. Less added traditions and more Biblical is always the best. Well, we'll see what happens.

a cult of many practising gay priests, who protected the sprinkling of pedophiles who had thedirt on each other and agreed to keep the dirt they had on each other secret-FREAKS!!!

-------------------- THE CATHOLICS GET ALL THIS PRESS, WHY ?????? IT'S LIKE THE WHOLE  WORLD ARE CATHOLICS,,, NOT SO. NEW POPE....... I COULD CARE LESS!!!!!!-----------------------

Voting for a new Pope.  (rolls eyes)Because 'God' doesn't tell them which one?  ;)Since everyone has a different voice in their head, it's best to just vote on it I guess.God B-Less!

Roman Catholic cardinals prayed on Tuesday for divine help in finding more little boys to rape.  I wonder if Jesus raped his disciples.

Participate in the Atheist Census. Search "Atheist Census" now.

i bet it is a hard job,trying to decide who has the least sex toys

As someone stated before, 'why not put a blank piece of paper in a box and waite for God to write the name on it as to who should be Pope?'.A bunch of old men behind closed doors wearing dresses. Seems kinda gay.

How ridiculous is the whole church/religion/pope/Christianity/Judaism/ Muslim concept?All of these creepy organizations try to make us believe there's a magical man in the sky in order to #$%$ us into submission (and giving them more money).Hilarious!The next pope is as important &amp; meaningful as a new character being introduced in the Harry Potter series, unless you're one of the gullible idiots that believes this nonsense.

Anyone in here not sleeping with kids, taking money or dealing with the mafia? We're screwed, hope they have a lot of ways to make black smoke.

How many suitcases does a Cardinal bring to this event?One for each robe... one for the hardware... one for undergarments... one for shoes... ???In the old days things were much simpler.Jesus wore one robe."The foxes have holes, the birds have nests, but the son of God knows not where to lay his head..."Just what example of Jesus are the Cardinals following?My, how times have changed...

wow. this shows the minds of stupid humans, who feel things need to be fast and hurry up for no damn reason other then to get it over with. who in their right mind would expect a new pope on the first vote? this is just disappointing.

Armageddon, sounds like a video game to me. but seriously people quit making knockoffs of the 1 original church, come on back to the Obedient Pope and lets take care of all the false religions on earth. nuff said

also means somebody burnt the oatmeal.

The reason the church is "troubled" is because people keep trying to bring the world into the church instead of people bringing the church into the world.  We are "to be in and not of the world..."  I pray that God's will be done...

What in the world do those Cardinals do locked in there? Strip and run around naked? Talk about how many alter boys they abused? And got away with it? They have to do something while they wait for God to choose the new Holy Father, or do they just select the biggest abuser of all?

Well...they need to have a meeting to take all those crosses down.Jesus did not die on a cross. The scriptures were written in Hebrew, Greek, Latin and Arabic. When the scriptures describe what Jesus died on, it originally uses the word 'Stau-ros'...which is Greek for stake or poll.The cross was introduced by Constantine who wanted Christians to accept pagan worship. The cross has nothing to do with Christ, but it is seen in pre-Christian pagan worship/religions as a symbol for nature worship and pagan sex rites.So instead of spending so much time on electing another Pope, they need to spend time on worshiping God the way he wants to be worshiped and on respecting Jesus in truth.Would you like to know the truth? Please visit: org.jw (backwards), click on Publications, click on Book and Brochures, click on page 3. Go to 2nd row last Brochure entitled: Would you like to know the truth, Click on PDF. Read.Thank you.En Cuba y Puerto Rico todo es con clave

what does god say about this vote..what are they voting on. who can cover up sex abuse better

Whatever the speculations ,a holy spirit guided choice is what the church/world needs now.

How can there be a new pope yet, they just got the pipe lit... When it starts blowing black, you know they are smoking resin by then.

A catholic priest &amp; a rabbi are talking one day when a young boy just happens to walk by. The priest, staring intently at the boy, suddenly turns to the rabbi &amp; says : "HOW WOULD YOU LIKE TO F(U)(C)(K) HIM "  to which the rabbi replied " SURE..... OUT OF WHAT "  !!!!!

they should blow that smoke up their collective rear orifices.  old, insane men.  who cares what they do?  I forgot , the rubes that give these guys power over them.

Like it really matters. They've lost all credibility with society, and have been weighed in the scales by God and found to be deficient, and will be destroyed along with all false religion before God's judgment day.

What is in Heaven anyway?  Why does not the Bible give a clear description of what is up there?  Are there bowling alleys, golf courses, NFL games?  I mean, are you sure Heaven is where you want to go?

I guess they haven't read my resume yet. I don't care what the rules are though; when I'm pope I AM NOT GONNA WEAR THAT #$%$ BEANIE.

The only real Christianity is Eastern Orthodox Monarchism.I don't care about the next Pope. Religion is all but irrelevant in this technologically driven modern era. The Church is big business itself. All religious leaders are puppets of corporations and the military industrial complex. Greed, lies, fraud, power, lobbyists, special interest groups, corruption, scandals.

I'm ready to smoke some of good weed god had given me...

Cardinal DiNardo.  I wish, but according to something I read US Cardinals are NEVER choosen.  He's young, very gentle, and caring.

It's a society of child molesters

pick a good one fellas!

I don't understand why they only let the cardinals elect the next pope. I think they should let the Diamondbacks and the Coyotes participate, as well...

All hail the new polk.

Mommie, how many times do I have to spread my cheeks for the Catholic Priest, to get to Heaven?

The world will be better off without religion and its superstitions.

Sorry to say but who cares whos pope.This shall be our last pope....and from what i understand, he will be a "False Prophet". Becareful, becareful.

The world is way worse off than the church that is for sure.

You know the world is in trouble when you have perversion and corruption in the churches

Catholic priest has no wife. Number of Bad priests are less than %1 of the overall good priests. Give high respect to the catholic community.

Paedophiles in the aisles.and strange rangers seen in the Sistine.

Ya know, if we just let these guys marry, there really wouldn't be an issue.

They are burning those dirties files maybe ?

Whoever give the best bj wins.

Son of a B***h who will get to wear the silly hat this week?

Sending up smoke signals.  This perfectly symbolizes what's wrong with the Catholic church. It stagnated back in the Dark Ages and has stubbornly refused to move forward ever since.All this pomp and circumstance with religious trappings can't obscure the criminal behavior the church has abetted and tried to sweep under the rug until it could be hidden no more.  I don't give a rat's behind what these people do, they have no more holiness than the man planting rice in a field.

they said the last pope resigned because he converted to Islam...but the media tells another different story that he is pedophile.... as usual... media will always manipulate story....

Evil society

hey, I just saw some of those cardinals in my bird feeder.

Vote for PEDRO

It amazes me that the Vatican is still using the Indian messaging of the old west to communicate to their flock in these times of FB and Twitter. Are they really attuned to the requirements of the modern world or is this an indication of their intention to continue their intrinsic policy of pulling a smoke screen every time one of their clergy is accused of sex crimes.

Bet if you performed a papal smear on these false teachers youd see they are truly cancerous!!! Ha ha

it's a smoke screen!

A convention of child abusers !

Throw those child molesters in the ocean.God save the next Pope - the bishop-in-chief referred to as "Petrus Romanus" (viz., the Roman Stone) in the Prophecy of St. Malachi of Armagh will have to preside over a Catholic Church that will almost certainly be under siege, if I'm reading John of Patmos correctly (see Revelation 13, 17)

God save the kids!

what a scam these idiots have here.. and have had forever

We will get the Pope that God will choose. End of Story!

But understand this: there will be terrifying times in the last days. People will be self-centered and lovers of money, proud, haughty, abusive, disobedient to their parents, ungrateful, irreligious, callous, implacable, slanderous, licentious, brutal, hating what is good, traitors, reckless, conceited, lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of God, as they make a pretense of religion but deny its power. Reject them. (2 Tim 3:1-5)

Since christ is the head of the church he will make a new pope for the church

What a JOKE

again...yahoo disagrees and  blocks all coments, as i am  sure they will this one.....

I do not believe in the virgin birth. That is rubbish. Jesus was concieved normally, by a man and a woman, like all of us were.

What did Jesus say about a pope? About the Vaticans? About Saints? Priests? And the rest of the rules the Catholic Church has come up with. He said nothing. Nobody needs the Vatican to love Jesus and believe in God.Spoiler Alert!!!! The next Pope will be a White Man.

we need a black pope this time

Has there ever been a place that's had more pedophiles in 1 place at 1 time than the Sistine Chapel right now?

What i really wana see is them make some polkadot smoke or mabey like a barber pole-- but if it worked right the way these guys probley are it would be rainbow smoke.

i thought turkson was the favorite. no mention of him.

How do you get a nun pregnant? Dress her up as an altar boy!!!! Hahahahahahahaha!!!!!

What I would not almost give to rid them all in a premptive nuclear strike and be declared the nobel peace prize for being a champion of the human race.

no one cares anymore, it is no longer 1950

I am sick of the press coverage concerning the Pope and the Catholic church! There are hundreds of other faiths and christian denominations that NEVER get this kind of coverage.Lets make it clear that the Pope represents the Catholic church only! He does not speak for nor represents the total christian church,the pope is a man who needs God's forgivness and salvation like every human...Ive seen people crying in his presence and in crowds,really? He is not God and he will die just like the rest of us,ENOUGH ALREADY!!!!

All the Cardinals want to wear the cool Pointed Pope Hat. The Cardinals little silly red beany hats are embarrassing.What do they mean a new Pope? I guarantee it will be an old Pope.

The catholic church is trying to portray themselves as somebody, but the scriptures doesn't back their BS

I hope the cardinals pick a great man who will help bring the church back together.

Quit blowing smoke! And get gods work done. be somewhat  a leader, gods name a men? Sounnd like worlds leaders.  Wr don't need you we need god,

NO ONE CARES! Move on to other stories!

Who cares who the next white, cone head hat wearing, stupid clothes wearer king of the child molesting catholic fraternity is? I guess every parent with children should!!!! As long as the new poop registers with local authorities everywhere he may visit in America, when he comes and he will, then parents will have advanced warning to keep their children away from the orgy of cardinals and bishops who get all frothy and worked up whenever the molester in chief arrives for kiddie party time.

Quit blowing smoke! And get gods work done be somewhath a leader,

Ewan McGregor, where are you when we need you!!!

Why is Yahoo! so obsessed with the Pope?

A pretend vote to decide who will best exploit the insecurities of the masses. Religion is sickening, the final lingering vestige of the darkest age in recorded history.Any religion that would reduce their diety to a biscuit obviously has some issues.

WGAF!?!?!

Who really cares?  Does the world really need a Pope?  What a circus.

With all those years of drinking Jesus blood, no wonder they look like Vampires.

No need for a Pope some say ? Some one has to be in charge of the men, who hide the men, who rape children.

Black smoke, white smoke, orange smoke.. Who gives a #$%$. Just post it on twitter and lets move in. So another #$%$ gets to worse another #$%$ty hat.. Whoopty doo da.

The next Pope will name himself Pope Molestus the First and the conclave will give the mightiest of mighty cheers shaking the very foundation of the Vatican with joyousness!

all this circus to find out who is going to be in charge of a bunch of pedos and gays.

Clouded in Secrecy, Shrouded in Nonsense, behind closed doors Caspar the Ghost is waging a mighty battle with the Holy Ghost for spirit possession of the Cardinals.  Tune in next week on the next episode of Ghost Hunters to see what our smuggled in secret ghost cam reveals!

Church beset by woes, would be an understatement, religion has become nothing more than  a cash cow, keeping  pedophile priests living in a lap of luxury, at the expense, of the fools who support them, the time has come to tax religion, either pay up or shut up...Dumb Religion BS.

Well time for some little boys, wine and crackers........wooooow now thats a priest party there

The Church has it's form of jail, you don't know their mysteries and never will because you don't want to know God and instantly believe falsehoods... and too lazy to get up to mass, have no discipline, faith..and promises

I am catholic. Pray and hope to have next pope before easter. God bless the us.

Does the white smoke signify the new pope has blown his load in the middle of the circle jerk?

Black smoke? They're diggin' a doobie! And then they will make their decision.

Hello and Excuse me...  But what the HEY!!!  Why is there so much commotion over electing a religious leader/head?????????????????  They are not electing The King of Kings, nor God, we already know them and have a relationship with them (those of us that are spiritual).  The pope is not a King, he is not a president, he is merely a man that heads a domination, a church.  All other dominations/churches don't go to all these antics for a leader. What is the purpose?  And Catholics, treat him as though he is higher than Jesus, kissing his hand, praising him...  He is a man, merely a man that is supposed to live meekly, not lavishly as he does at the Vatican.  Why is he hidden away from public?  HE IS MERELY A FRIGGIN MAN!  Catholicism - is it the False religion?

i nominate Father Guido Sarduchi - from Saturday night live ,you know back when SNL was funny

Remember when Jesus said "it's really easy for a guy in gilded robes with 40 billion dollars of gold to get into the kingdom of heaven"?

It will be a red letter day when this organization dissolves permanently.Is it just me or do the word choices in this article betray some anti-Catholic bias on the part of the reporter?

Related story: Al Gore seen protesting over polluting black smoke coming from conclave. ;)

YAWNNNNNNNNNnnnnnnnnnnn.....

They have to find a man who is ok with the molesting of children. You can't just find a false idol like that on any street corner.

If you take away akk the gold trinkets and fancy head dress and cloths they look just like all the rest of the creepy old sex abusers, give me the creeps.

all the boys in the town will get their a s s e s worn out tonight a bunch of child molesters

If only Harold and Kumar can rig their smoke stack with some "green" smoke...

I pray that next Pope 'll be great responsibility &amp; fear of God!

Let's just hope this pope doesn't take the name of St. Peter,according to prophecy that would be the false prophet.

Could somebody who cares please explain to me why you care, and what purpose the pope actually serves? I'm a confirmed Catholic and I still just don't get it...will they play push in the star fish with the altar boys?

A Job for the "Very Reverend Al Sharptongue", and if you disagree, you are all racists.

church is evil

What they can't annouce the pope like normal people? wHy the bloody smoke.. what a bunch of pedo idiots!

On an aside, review the comments. We see pleas for priest to stop sexually abusing children and for the pope to do something about it. This entire situation on all sides is so bizarre it transcends the imagination. How low can the human race go? What depths of trash and corruption are we capable of falling too while still laboring under the perception all is relatively normal and things are good? lol. Pathetic.

God hasn't made his decision yet, he must be very busy. You know, with a universe to run and all.

I rookie folwald to new Chief Cathoric. I hopee he no rikee touchee rittre boys plicks and butts rikee the lest of the Caldinars.  They fleak me out to terr you the tluth. I keepie my fingels clossed.

I have some questions...There are 115 Cardinals that will be voting on who will be the next Pope, If each of them are seeking the will of God in this selection process and are sincerely praying for guidance, and are listening to the answer from God, Will they not ALL of them write down the same name?Additionally, If God is asked for the answer, Please tell me why there is even a ratio of a 2/3 vote to "win" the election or selection. Does that mean that 1/3 of the votes were from 1/3 of the 115 who did not listen to God? Does that mean 1/3 of these Cardinals are not spiritually where they need to be? and should they willingly step down from their positions until they are once again ready to take on the responsibility if God so desires of them?

The title is very self explanatory.

if they pick the black guy as the pope he better not take it...... those racist spaghetti slurping prickface hoes will kill him.Many point at the spec in the Catholic Church's eye meanwhile having a beam in their own.

BLACK SMOKE???????Shouldn't it be pink for that #$%$ bunch?

we should also talk about the pedophiles in the L.A. school district, which has to pay at least 30 million dollars for one of its most outstanding teachers that made kids eat cookies filled with seemen

I'll go with the large Cadillac please.

note the date. 03/13/13. If they do not pick one on that date I will be amazed. If something signifigant world wide does not happen on this date I will be even more amazed.

No One Cares!!!

The whole pope ting is a big bag of bull doody.  Why does the world need a pope?  Really?  The "holy see"?  What makes him holy?  Oh, he's the pope.  But why is he the pope?  Oh, because he's holy....  But why is he holy?  Oh, because he's the pope.  But why is he the pope??  Oh, because he's holy.  Don't you blind fools see the circular logic here?  He is no different from anyone else.  Who elects this guy?  Humans.  What is he??  A human.  Nothing more.  He has no special powers.  He eats, drinks, sleeps, wakes, dumps, weedles &amp; walks like everyone else.  What makes him so special.  Oh, he's holy.  But what makes him holy?   Oh, because he's the pope.  And on, and on, and on...  How freaking stupid this whole money grab is and how blind are the "faithful".  Christ teaches us GOD is everywhere.  Not just in a church.  Not just in a priest, a bishop, a cardinal, a pope.  Get with it catholics, the sham is over.  Time to turn to the true faith, Christianity.  Time to end the "vatican".  Tim eto put the money back into the coffers of the community and the parishoners.  There is something wrong when the most powerful and wealthiest entity on the planet is a church.

butt lots of sore choir boys

old farts

What about the enviroment!!Imagine the building actually catching on fire, and every one else outside celebrating "yeah, we have a new pope"

I hope we get a pope who battles todays problems in a more "modern" mind set, Many people of today feel the current/Xpope was far to old when he was elected and that he was not the right guy for the job, hopefully they will not mess up this time and get the person needed, and not just some puppet to put on the shiny chair.

you used to be looked down on if you didn't go to church. these days you're weird if you do go. less and less people are interested in this stuff, so i'd say in a few generations we'll FINALLY be done with this #$%$. at least in this country.. and it'll be about time. it's just a ridiculous 'cult'.. it's complete #$%$

I'm Catholic and I'm fed up with all these men!  I'm starting to like the South Park version of the Catholic church - at least Eric and the guys are funny!

They are too pooped to elect a Pope.

What a bunch of  poohey  dooey , NOT ! to mention  what they  preach  is lies , the  bible  says  watch out  for the  men in there  FRINGES,

We all know what these pervs like to "smoke" when it's little boys chimneys that are rising.

he come from Ghana, GOD

Peter the roman will win

who cares ??????????????????????//  they don't care about our children !!!!Whatever happened to them dueling until all were dead except THE NEW POPE ?

upto I saw the draft which said $9660, I accept ...that...my neighbours mother realy earning money in there spare time from their computer.. there moms best frend has done this for less than and resantly repayed the mortgage on there condo and bought a top of the range Peugeot 205 GTi. we looked here,,Big44.comCHECK IT OUT,,

Pick a pope a be happy! :)

Bad Weed?

someone is blowing black smoke from there #$%$ ! ! ! !

Hail mary ful of grace d lord is wit u blessed re u amng wmen nd blessed is the fruit of ha womb Jesus Christ.... Holy mary mother of God pray 4 d whole World Amen... Help us in this Conclave lord

I bet they're in there fartin!  HAHAHAHAHAHA

What...the holy spirit didn't guide them to the right person the first time?  What's wrong with this picture??

I don't give a rats behind. If the new one is no better than the last one then they are just wasting their time. Seems like these priest can do anything they want in the name of Jesus Christ and get away with it including molesting kids.

the catholic church feeds, shelters, teaches, takes care of in their hospitals, takes care of single moms more than any other organization in the WORLD.Why do you have to be 80 or younger to vote? Aren't older people wiser? Maybe it is for health reasons, but obviously the 87 year old cardinal had enough strength to get there and deliver a sermon.

how come all these old white crusty priests look like pedophiles?  oh yeah because they are.  who gives a F about a group of old nasty men who cover up child molestation charges?  religious nuts do.  F these dirtbags.

I believe in God. Plain and simple. I pray to Him the way he wanted us to, not in a building, but from within our hearts.

I bet you all these old men sit around in a circle, drink beer, tell dirty jokes and drool over the stripper called nasty Theresa!

The Catholic Church is a total mess.

Smoke Signals?? I'll loan em a cell phone.

Spoiler Alert!!!! The next Pope will be a White Man.

I wanna see green smoke and decipher the medicinal uses!! 420

their trouble is self imposed. as long as they cherish this artificial life style, they will continue to have problem and get involved in hypocrisy. get married and see the difference dear next pope

I can bet you with my life the catholic church will never have an African Pope, but will have Africans  as congregations and still will have African boys around them in the church. I know it because I'm from the continent.christian should abolish its unsound teaching and against human nature which does not allow the priest to marry. By doing so sex crime and homosexual will not be the issues amoungst them

REALLY???? They really thought there would be a new Pope already? In American they campaign for President for months and months and months and months. And then they hav to ask the Supreme Court to decide.

so lets see black smoke equals= no pope or just good weed and once the white stuff comes up that means they ran out totally and they have to now come up with somebody so they can come out and buy some more

Up in smoke?  Any chance Tommy Chong could be Pope.

It comes down to whoever has the best porn collection.

Are they ordering out for the usual male escorts?

Dont forget that the Catholic Church was the first Christian Religion.from it came  all the other Christian churches. I grew up Catholic but am now the redligion of my husband  which is Moravianm. After38 years in this church I have learned it came from the Catholic Church.  I feel its all about the same just different ways of looking at the same God.

do they usse native american indian smoke signals ?... please update those guaard uniforms ! darn!

why do they never pick an american cardinal as pope

I'm very anxious to see who the new head of NAMBLA...errr new pope is...I hope they find someone capable of upholding the laws of God and the path of Christ... and not sacrifice the most basic concepts of Christianity for the whims of popular culture.

will they play push in the star fish with the altar boys?

cult of many practising gay priests, who protected the sprinkling of pedophiles who had thedirt on each other and agreed to keep the dirt they had on each other secret-FREAKS!!!

God we look up to u for the next pope. Its ur thing, do it ur way.

The Last Remnant of the Dark Ages.

Yaaaayy... new pope!

White smoke out of my chimney ... guess your God elected me King of Popes.

I vote for Barrack Hussein Obama as Pope..   A muslim pope. Wouldn't that be classic.

sean of boston is pope

What do they burn for black smoke?The pope is just another dope that gives the sheeple their false hope.

Here comes the most corrupt election in history! What a joke.

Gotta love the white smoke at first, then black. Some cardinal is sitting there going trololololol

who are we to condemn?  we are all sinners, and God says to forgive seventy times seven, when we sinned, is'nt it we ask God to forgive us?  Well, we need to forgive, let God be the one to judge all of us, no exception.

Watching CNN and these Cardinal's are really getting off on all this attention, not exactly modest.

what century is this

even jesus himself wouldn't forgive these guys for what they do

all we can do is wait for the new ""Pope BOY LOVER SUPREME..

You all talking about child molesters, what about those missing children who were molested of their blood !!  Click on my name and scroll 15 comments to the missing children !!!Then sea rch onl ine for story of what happened to our church.TODAYS CATHOLIC WORLD.

66 HAIL SATAN 666even satan doesn't rape kids like these guys do

I need some advise regarding some of the specific catholic laws and how to best follow them: Your comments are most appreciated.a) When I burn a bull on the altar as a sacrifice, I know it creates a pleasing odor for the Lord (Lev 1:9).  The problem is my neighbors.  They claim the odor is not pleasing to them.  Should I smite them?b) I would like to sell my daughter into slavery, as sanctioned in Exodus 21.  In this day and age, what do you think would be a fair price for her?c) I know that I am allowed no contact with a woman while she is in her period of menstrual uncleanliness (Lev 15:19-24).  The problem is, how do I tell?  I have tried asking, but most women take offense.d) Lev. 25:44 states that I may indeed possess slaves, both male and female, provided they are purchased from neighboring nations.  A friend of mine claims that this applies to Mexicans, but not Canadians.  Can you clarify?  Why can't I own Canadians?e) I have a neighbor who insists on working on the Sabbath.  Exodus 35:2 clearly states he should be put to death.  Am I morally obligated to kill him myself?f) A friend of mine feels that even though eating shellfish is an Abomination (Lev 11:10), it is a lesser abomination than homosexuality.  I don't agree.  Can you settle this?g) Lev 21:20 states that I may not approach the altar of God if I have a defect in my sight.  I have to admit that I wear reading glasses.  Does my vision have to be 20/20, or is there some wiggle room here?h) Most of my male friends get their hair trimmed, including the hair around their temples, even though this is expressly forbidden by Lev 19:27.  How should they die?i) I know from Lev 11:6-8 that touching the skin of a dead pig makes me unclean, but may I still play football if I wear gloves?j) My uncle has a farm.  He violates Lev 19:19 by planting two different crops in the same field, as does his wife by wearing garments made of two different kinds of thread (cotton/polyester blend).  He also tends to curse and blaspheme a lot.  Is it really necessary that we go to all the trouble of getting the whole town together to stone them?  (Lev 24:10-16) Couldn't we just burn them to death at a private family affair like we do with people who sleep with their in-laws?  (Lev. 20:14)

Boring!!  The Kardashians are more exciting!!  We love them!!

I hope the black smoke means a fire broke out inside and wiped out all the cardinals.

Surrender Dorothy!

The Black Smoke actually calls the perves to the drawing for first pick of Alter Boys.This is a Coveted Ritual in the Catholic Diocese.

Hey bishop,put another car tire on the fire, I don't think our smoke show is killing any pigeons yet. That looks like the smoke of hells doorway being opened. Is that whats in there? a door to the kindom of the Roman Catholics? HELL. Good luck with your new false prophet.

When the new Pope is picked.....Michelle Obama will jump out of the chimney, wearing a white evening gown, envelope in hand.......saying the famous words "And The Winner Is........"

If you really have faith, why don't you let God himself inform you of who he wants to be the next Pope. Wait, my servants, have faith..no matter how long it takes, if you truly believe.

Ummm so the smoke monster is helping to choose the new leader? Why does this sound like a rerun of Lost?that is a real sign,it was kind of scary

wow, no mistaking that message

You don't say...?

After seeing the  past historical records of different faiths and communities and their clashes, wrong-doings in different part of the world.  What is the real and true contributions towards Peace, Love, Humanity, Universal Brotherhood etc. etc to the lesser and misunderstood citizens of other part of the World from these high profile religious Leaders and the faithful Teams. Two-three days royal / VVVIP visits and selmon and speeches in those countries are enough for good and desired results especially when enough time been lost and heavy destruction been done.....?  May God / Allah guide us... faruqi-photojournalist-noida-09810315813

"Black smoke signals no pope elected at first conclave vote"What? Is the vatican racist? why can't they use white smoke? :P

The only impact I can see is the pure greed of the Catholic Religion with Billions upon billions and possibly trillions of dollars from an organization of criminals being able to hide behind robes and thousands of years of tyranny. This is nothing but an organized criminal enterprise. The so called pope or grand puba gives a b.s. speech on how to live, how about sending some of those dollars to the starving people in Africa whoops, I forgot the people of the U.S should support them. Sounds kind of like an obama.

what the #$%$ is a conclave.get rid of all this bull sht.there is no god it is just like santa and the easter bunny.if you think god is real you can give me your money because i will be meeting with him next week to give it to him he told me to collect it all for him.and you know you have to do what god said.think about this one you idiots.my friend was at churh whick i tell him all the time to not go but while he was there his car ran out of gas and it was about 15 miles to a gas station he asked for a ride but no one had the time they he asked if he could get some gas out of the 275 gallon tank out back but they said no its for the grass he told them he would replace the gas but they still said no he asked if he could get some of his money back that he just gave to the chuch and they said no thats gods money now.its gods money now #$%$ is wrong with you people you are fffffffffed up for give a fake figure you hard earned my wise up and stop makeing the people that runs these churchs rich.

black smoke? where's the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP)? hahaha

i am a cattolic and i said  #$%$ the pope

Why does there need to be another pope?Ooohhhh!!!!! So bloody exciting.

The catholic church/religion is one of the biggest farces in human history. The other ones are all the other religions. Listen people, we are all gullible, each and every one of us. We tend to suck up to religions. Catholicism is false through and through. I can't think of one thing that is not entirely man-made. This pope business is laughable to say the least.  There are no divine ears listening to anyone including these brainwashed cardinals. Come on folks this is a complete and utter joke . WHy a pope? why a robe? Why a pointy hat, a vatican, or why priests? I know, i know, i know there are billions of Catholics and they love their religion and belief system and will gladly die believing the things they were raised on. Well that's fine and dandy for them. If it comforts them, then fine. I was rtaised in a catholic family and would offend many passed on grandparents and relatives if they knew my stance. But we are brainwashed and indoctrinated into this dogma and it is like a drug and you become addicted to it unless you actually think for yourself. When i was about 10 I had figured out the catholic church with all its traditions and rituals was utterly silly and ridiculous and if someone can't see through all of this, then they are just plain dumb. No other words for it. Ignorance is bliss. I dabbled in other christian beliefs into my late teens and early twenties but by the time i was into my thirties i recognized all this religion stuff to be a lie. I don't deny the existence of something "out there" but there is no evedince for it. I am content with being realistic and having common sense. I am not content with clinging to belief systems based on blind faith. Education is the key and looking at both sides is very important. You have to stand on the outside of your belief sytems and examine them from a skeptical view. When you do that you will find you have been lied to all along. You must read material contrary to what you believe. Books that put your belief system under a microscope. One book I like which is very basic but blunt is the ebook on Amazon by Rayjoe called "Oh How Great the Delusion" which is subtitled, "Urgent messages to a world deluded by religions." There are many other books too. Many by ex-ministers, priests etc and some by atheists who were raised in religious families.  So when i see all these headlines about this pope #$%$, I just have to stand in awe at how dumb we humans really can be. When i see a priest, cardinal, bishop, pope, evangelist etc. I immediately think how brainwashed and indoctrinated they are. How they have been drugged up on religion and try to push that drug on to others. Especially the young people who go to all these catholic schools to be brainwashed. It's sad indeed.

If smoke is black, it should mean that the selected pope is a black person.If smoke is white, it should mean that the selected pope is a white person.If smoke is brown, it should mean that the selected pope is neither black or white.

This religion cracks me up. They are the first to chastise you and condemn you for being human. Then, they have all the ones who are supposed "Gods vessels/speaking instruments" molesting children. And i am sorry this was not an isolated incident. They found THOUSANDS of children and parish members doing this years ago. And this head cardinal knew all about it and DID NOTHING. Also, religion is another form of government to keep the masses in line. And they do so in instilling the fear of God in people. You don't do this you go to hell so on and so forth. I mean come on the pope wears Louis Vat ton and rolls around in a Mercedes and is waited around on hand and foot. If you are "a man of God" you are supposed to give up material things and not supposed to live like a king. There are more wars and violence spread throughout history via religion in the name of their God then any other reason then famine, tyranny or any other reason.

I can imagine that screwing a nun is like sticking your Johansson into petrified wood but that’s still no excuse to fondle young boys.

The so-called "Princes of the Church"?  Whatever.  Cardinal are princes under international law.  I don't see why Chuckie Windsor is a prince but cardinals are "so-called."

If humans have power, they are corrupted eventually. That's nature.

South Park had it right. The next pope should be a rabbit, or a mockingbird, the symbols of peace and kindness.

What a shocker.....I was hoping it was over....already the news is plagued with the Pope this and the Pope that......Conclave this, and Vatican that....Blah Blah friggin Blah...

Who cares.Why not a female pope? After all, their Jesus was a girl! Look at what a pope wears! A hat shaped like a vagina! Cat-ho-lics are always a day late!

And in news that actually matters... Colorado passed their Civil Unions bill today!!!!! YAY for Colorado and YAY! for Humanity.

White smoke signals Media smoking crack.

black smoke to match their hearts

Sheeple never change! Be it political, religious, educational, social or racial. Sheeple remain sheeple! BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

It better be an American

I "HOPE" I'm wrong, but I think it will be a BIG mistake to elect a young &amp; or french pope right now. Major changes happening in this world right now. But what ever happens, God has his plans in place and nothing we try could stopit. He's even got control of this "out-of-control-train-wreck of a country(USA), it's all supposed to work out to an end. (I wish I could have read those "missing" quatraines in that 7th century-BET they shine bright light on what's about to happen to us). Hoping what I read one time, 9-10 years ago, maybe will apply to someone we all know right now--"the son will fail the father"(B.O.)?????No matter what form of gov't we have-(socialistic-communism, dictatorship, democracy) we humans ARE GOING TO SKREW IT ALL UP!!!. If a one world order pops up, well, it's just unsustainable, can't work. Really do wish I had other more trivial matters to throw out there for everyone to roll their eyes at.

I heard that Obama threatened to burn down the church if they didn't elect HIM pope. And already there is black smoke pouring out of it.

They say the number one possible likely replacement for this POPE stuff is a cardinal from Brazil, how appropriate, a place for years that have discarded and abused children that run the streets and are tossed out by society and the Church turns a blind eye to it all....the church is the biggest SIN known to all man kind, it is a BUSINESS and not anything at all representing Christ or the Bible.   A regular FREAK show.  Priest to small boy: Come now child, let me show you how we do it........

I hope the new pope ain't a molester like the rest of his cultAnyone who puts any importance on this is a fool.

They had a paypal vote? Wow, Ebay is taking over the world!    ;)

Anyone who wears drag queen clothing has no business calling themselves anything at all connected to god, christ, or anything else religious.

maybe they are burning old tires from the pope mobile.

black smoke = another altar boy out of a job

I'm loving all SK's "how about nows."

The black smoke may just be smoke of dope.  Once they are done smoking and blowing black smoke up their follers and belivers but.t then they blow up white smoke aqnd make everyone happy and get more money .....from the followers,,,,

It was a miracle, I saw black smoke coming out of my chimney today too....

may God guide all the cardinals in casting their vote, and may God bless the new pope..

The only good remaining in the Catholic church is the art in the Vatican.Are you free from all sins?

Meet the new Pope same as the old Pope. We won't get fooled again, NO NO!

I wonder if there was an orgy last weekend. Considering the Vatican's history it wouldn't surprise me. Get some cute little orphans and tear them apart, who's going to know?

These guys really need to get out and play golf, have a few beers and laugh a little.

We all agree that pedophile should be prosecuted to the fullest extent However, when you confess a sin to a priest (wrong or right) You expect the priest to never share that secret with anyone!!! if your not religious then if you commit a crime and you disclose information to your lawyer its privileged information.

Looks like a diesel burner roasting a pig... nothing new for the peeps

Me no like! When black smoke stop, bad juju! Maybe time for bass solo, or maybe time for altar boys parade.

Signals that they need more weed.

Since a child molester can be a priest so can a #$%$ also be a priest as well?

Maybe they haven't started yet - maybe they're just passing something around.Smoke signals?  Damn, religion is still in the stone age.

send them to fail the church covers for them

Who really cares?

why can't they just call!

Black smoke, white smoke, who cares. Really. This is a good time for  the Vatican to burn some damaging evidence that could be used against it.

With all that holy firepower in one room,cant they persuade the Holy #$%$ or one of their many saints,to appear and choose a pope.They can then go back in a puff of holy white smoke

if it weren't for MIchaelangelo's painting inside, I would say too bad the smoke isn't coming from the windows and doors. The Catholic church should pay somehow for  all the torture during the Inquisition, the "holy" wars, and the alter boy abuse. Let a few of these holy rollers burn and see how they like it.

Which is more transparent, the Vatican or the White House?

The Church has almost always had "strife and scandal" throughout its history, but yet  has managed to continue to exist!

They must be smoking some strong weed.Spoiler Alert!!!!   The next Pope will be a White Man.

The black and white divide has been there since Adam and eve.  Its safe to use red and green instead.

The Vatican knows all eyes are on it. They need the PR, they'll milk this for all it's worth. They won't get a new pope until Monday morning to make sure they're headline news for another week.

Orgy time!!!

If I hear one more thing about this "Black Smoke"....I'm going to "Flip my Monkey"Then "Flip my BIRD" !

I'm sorry but they need to get this over with.  I'm sorry - I'm Catholic but I think this is a huge waste of time and money. They should just pick the least offensive man and end all the drama! All the money being spent on gourmet meals and everything else should be going to help the poor!

Cardinals dressed in red in Rome and Mullahs dressed in black in Iran - both run a charade

Trust only what God says !

Some #$%$ over at CNN was commenting on the Black Smoke...She said.."IT" was Thick and "IT" was Black !!!Her Co-Anchor looked over and said..."How Long Was It" ?

So black means NO and white means YES.  All colors belong to God and all are sanctimonious and pristine.The wh...ore of Babylon will be dressed in red and purple and worship the beast.

The jews have infiltrated the catholic religion making sure the antichrist spirit is in place. They have taken over the christian churches as well. So you will bow to their jewish antichrist messiah. They denied the messiah. Jesus said he is the temple this is why there is no temple needed. The j                            ews are constructing a third temple right now. The antichrist is near and those of you who think the j                                  ews  are innocent are in for a rude awakening.

Keep the kids away...or else!

YES SPELLED THAT WAY........WITH TWO (2) E'.  STANDS FOR EASY AND EMPTY

The immortal words of brian --------------kaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaachhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhowwwwwww

WHY do I want to see a bunch of old white guys in funny hats walk around mumbling to themselves? I understand that the election of a new Pope is an important event but to have so much programing devoted to watching them walk,walk, walk and mumble, mumble, mumble it's BORING!!!!!!!! Tell me they have started....2seconds......tell me they have voted.....2seconds.....tell me the smoke is black 2seconds......Then when it white take some time and tell me more.......not NOW there IS NO NEWS HERE!!!!!!

And in other news headlines brought to you by Captain Obvious, we still don't have an intelligent president and Congress yet.

If it wasnt for the vatican  ky. Company would have gone out of biz,  except for the jews running the porn in cali

The antichrist is also obama and the other antichrist will be the ruler over israel has Jesus said there are many false prophets(antichrists).

Their trying their best to find one of their own that is not a pedophile, sexual predator, homosexual or just likes to have sex period.  Good Luck…..As long as a new POP would not involved with politics, sex crimes and business he should be a good POP for our belivers

"Billion of dollars have already been awarded, but there is no price to be put on the generations of boys and girls who were introduced to sex in the most alarming and disgusting ways by those whom they and their parents trusted."

Ummmmm...who cares?

Trolls nowwwww stop it,.. You cannot win.  the truth is out there

AS A SIDE NOTE.  THE ABSOLUTLY DIM-WITTED  FEMALE RUNNING YAHOO SHOULD BE TARRED AND FEATHERED.     JUST PUR  AND   AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

atheists say christians muslims and hindus are all "ignorant", but in truth they are IGNORANT to many teachings and lessons in life. I do not recall ever seeing a book of atheism. It does not mean atheists are evil, but they do not believe in a lesson or purpose. What are atheists free from if they are based on nothing and will become nothing. Free from ignorance? or do they in their laziness critizice religions for just learning of God or any entity., while they just love in pleasure and free from generosity.  Religious people are ignorants to Atheists only because atheists have nothing to learn from. No Kuran, no Bible, no Vedas no Torah, just a science, or people of science. Science was created to understand nature, not God. Mr atheist says religious people are not willing to open their hearts to knowledge. atheists should open themesleves to lessons of good such found in those religious teachings. Besides, if you dont agree with the Catholic church, remember that even if they are corrupt, the teachings who those inners in the world believe in are what Jesus taught, not what they taught. They ARE CLOSED TO KWNOELDGE , NOT RELIGIOUS PEOPLE.

Please pick someone that wants to be pope. He frankly admited that he did not want the job. I am a Catholic and wondered for the last eight years if we had a pope, hardly ever heard of him going somewhere or doing something. When John Paul II was pope you would hear about him all the time.

I thought it meant they were burning incriminating photos of Cardinals,and little boys...

On a serious not,  if there ever,--ever was a more evil looking poop de pope than benny the rat,  plx post it

Who's on first? What's on second?I dunno on third.don't know who's who.Don"t know who did it.Can't build rapport can't report.Positive  identification in reverseis negative identification.The board game :ClueKaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaachooowwwwww.   oh that hurts you more than it hurt you.     ****benny the rat*****

Joeseph was a fool to believe Mary was a virgin.  The whole town laughed at his stupidity.

Too bad Police aren't preparing to storm the building and arrest them all.

nomine Patris, et Filii, et Spiritūs Sancti, ALL YOU W-0PS GET OFFA DA LAWN!!!

Jesus christ is the only one you pray too ,not the pope !! Black smoke ,white smoke ?? Dont be a dope for the pope !! Jesus is the only way to heaven !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I bet there are little boys aged 6 - 9 serving red Merlot wine with little round bread in a falon feast of anal rectal sexual fantacies - just like what the Pa kistanis do with their favorite family goat !

400 billion in gold, silver, property and slave trade,  we can take all the time the rats need.--circa-- 2006   'benny the rat'

They have already decided who the next Pope will be. It will be the Cardinal who has the least chance of being convicted of child molestation. The Cardinals will just sit around for a few days, playing Xbox, and taking turns smacking each other on the #$%$ with a riding crop before they push the little pedophile out onto the balcony for the lemmings to see.

"I take comfort in knowing that whenever bitter souls delve deeply into The Catechism for 'dirt' on The Church, they come away as our most fervent Catholic converts." ~ Kevin Burtyk

am suspecting new radical changes with the new Pope, the changes that will shake the Roman Catholic church from its traditional ties but will be better for the faithfuls!Hey! How about letting Donald Trump run for Pope! Those cardinals know what money smells like!

thats coming from the biggest gay bath-house over there.  burning rubber..................ha

Catholics should be thankful the Vatican is in Rome, rather than San Francisco.   EPA and CARB officials would crucify the College of Cardinals over the unnecessary smoke.  It's a wonder they are silent about Obama's unnecessary fuel consumption aboard Air Force One.  Shouldn#$%$ engines be shut down over California?

I wonder if the new Pope will force Christian unity.

Where is that holiest of the holy boy gang bangers .

anal sex for everyone

They havn't found the one that has dipped his wick in the honeypot the most yet .

Its only a troubled world beause the world believes in a troubled organization. People dont think for themselves. If god is real, use his greatest blessing he gave you, your brain

Once upon a time I cared about stuff like this, then I grew up and started asking questions. The answers were always the same...god works in mysterious ways. Made no sense then, makes no sense now. Any father who allows his children to do the things they do to one another is not a fit father. So, "conclave" your hearts out...another human being will step into the role of pope and business will be conducted as usual. Yes, god does work in mysterious ways.

i can't believe this garbage goes on in the year 2013so who'll be the next King of the Kid Touchers

yea right...sworn to secrecy..there will be a million dollar bestseller out in 90 days..all the drama of the divinci code..surrounded by octaginarians

The left is anti-religion, but the left is pro immigration. Does anyone know who some of the worlds most die-hard catholics are? Mexicans... Pandoras box anyone?

Reading the headline, I thought the team lost their quarterback.

#1 on my who gives a chit list.

So the pedophiles retired for the night?  I guess having the 11 year old male strippers in the Chapel with them tired the old guys out, huh?

I wonder how many folks realize that priestly pedastery was dealt with in the 1980s and has been largely effaced.  Even the "new" revelations which appear in the press occurred almost always in the 70s/80s.   There are still issues to resolve in how to handle claims of abuse, and it isn't as easy of people seem to think.   As in secular society, there is also no shortage of false claims, so any Zero Tolerance policy will ensnare good, innocent people, and lead to silly madness as we see in public schools, such as kids being suspended for shaping his peanut butter sandwich in the shape of a pistol.   Reform will come about, and it has to come about not only from the Vatican, but from bishops who should humbly and completely comply.

"Vatican Fire Department Engine 1 to VFD Engine 2...false alarm."

keep guessing ... the pope will be an american . where all the big contribute $ come from . and they have $ to buy out those crimes again the children ....

The Next Pope.....people....will be the False Prophet....and, work with the Antichrist...read, the Book of Revelation and choose who you will serve...God....or, the Satanic False Prophet and AntichristConcerning what the revelation says about the false prophet and the beast in the bible... I don't think we're ready for the next pope... seriously.

What's missing in all this is the wisdom of Fr. Guido Sarducci to interpret these events for the unininitiated and the laity.

Who cares?  Please leave us alone, with this nonsense.

Lets' keep the streak going, let's say, for the next twenty years, ok all you pedophiles..

i understand that the pope drinks his own pee, is that true? if it is, thats why it takes so long to get another pope. no one wants to drink his pee.

the funny thing about this coverage: I keep on expecting to see Ezio Auditore Da Firenze appearing in the background or on the chapel walls going "SUP?" See what Assassin's Creed has done to me?

what gets me is , that electing a new pope is more inportent then addressing the sex crimes in the church. go figure.

black smoke, that hash yhey are smoking in there peace pipe..

Their just having a cookout in there, laughing at all the people outside.

May God be with usNot much into the details of this all, but from what I gather, the first conclave did not elect a new pope.  Apparently black smoke from the chimney signals a no-go.  So I take it that the first candidate "went up in smoke"?  Sounds a bit draconian but what the heck -- behind those locked doors god had dropped the gloves and it's pure hockey.

Why are they letting a baseball team elect the Pope?

Black smoke? They must be down to stems and seeds!

What makes this cult so popular? Love the fancy hats and red Prada slippers, but really? ... people still believe in talking snakes and flying zombies these days?

It's taking so long because they are tabulating each candidates molestation list of boys! The one with the highest count will be new Pope of NAMBLA!

Black smoke signals no pope elected or... the house is burning.

The next pope will be openly gay. Trust me.

I will bet you the potential of having an American pope is going to keep that black smoke going for some time.  I suspect a lot of the cardinals would like to blame all the sex abuse stuff on the American Catholic authorities - that being where all the sordid news comes from.  They just don't report it in Itally, sex with children is not reported there - not for someone so important ;-).

The smoke is their brains frying from all the BS

The religious faiths, may make a difference in the after life, how about now  in this life ?????were the catholics known to be a violent religion in past years??

Blonde St. Louis baseball fans were found protesting in front of their local churches when they heard the cardinals were locked away until a pope was elected.

'Gotta weed out the black guy ... weed out the black guy!!!'

The Catholic church is such a corrupt nest of perverted vermin that no pope can fix the cancer this is the Holy See.  Let them slip back into the swamp of creation and return the astonishing wealth back to the peasants they stole from and rid this world of the single greatest source of hypocrisy the planet has ever seen!

The grand Poo-Bah!

When do they pass out the children?

white smoke = cardinals firing up the bongs in celebration

The roman catholic church need to go Pentecostal with the holy ghost leading and get a pope that has experience the baptism of the holy ghost,or else the papacy will continue to lead millions astray,especially the south Americans,thank God for the charismatic revival by Pentecostal churches

Well then report back when they have elected one. Never happens on first vote anyways

Place your bets The Dago? The Spic?. The African?, or the White boy from America?.I do not care very much if you dislike me but these guys have kept serial pedophiles out of prison.  Not all but many are still being transferred to new parishes so please these guys are sickos.

What's the color of the smoke when they're raping little kids?

WILD guess... I will bet my $1 it will be a Old White Guy...

What time for more weed Allah 4:20

oh no, black smoke. we must run around like monkeys and fling poop at each other until the white smoke.

Does anyone really believe in the Catholic voodoo, dogma, superstitions &amp; hocus-pocus-dominocus? ...at least make up some better fairy tales - i mean, The Virgin Mary ...you're kidding, right? And how can anyone be dumb enough to $upport these strange old buzzards &amp; their bizarre criminal empire?

lol pope is appointed by god...but gets to "quit" .....interesting, is god bad at picking them then or?

that's discrimination -  why not set it to a black smoke if a pope is voted.  and white smoke is they have not voted.  you're all "con claves"!

They should put up one of those big jumbotron tv screens up there to announce the pope election results, it would be a lot less confusing than the smoke signals. They could make enough money selling advertising on there to pay for it.

What a dog and pony show. Jesus Christ is the only person that should be worshiped. Worshiping mortal men and asking them for forgiveness is madness, absolute madness.In an earlier news, they said that no recording device of any sort are allowed in the sistine chapel because it would interfere with the holy spirit. HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!

black smoke ehi hope they didn't torch the colored guy

how so many people could be concerned about who the next pedefile is gonna be Is stunning. not to mention he's a living craven image . why don't you just throw the bible away and spit in gods eye. heretics and phony's all

Look at that nasty black #$%$ spewing from their building.  Bunch of polluters.Seriously, is there anyone else out there besides me who is in total and complete disbelief that this obscene nonsense goes on in the world in which we were all born?

what a bunch of ridiculous nonsense   a bunch of sex offenders electing a supposedly holy man!  catholic people are stupid enough to keep giving them their money.  wow!

lol who cares? this is so dumb id rather hear kim k news.

Oh my sky-fairy god--hurry and elect a pope.  How in the world will we survive, exist or know right from wrong without one around?????   Help us lord!!!!!!!!!!!

Shoot! I was hoping black smoke meant the whole place was burning down!

So all those men never married and have no interest in women or sex. Now they are all together in a private room, all dressed in flowing gowns and robes, crowns on their heads, and adorned with gold jewelry, surrounded by murals of naked muscular men all over the walls and ceiling. Oh OK.  I will never understand why god calls so many pedophiles to be priests. God needs to call better men to his flock.

Hoping for white smoke soon.Divine guidance fails to come through---pizzas ordered.

Thats racist to use black smoke for "No" and white for "Yes". (tongue in cheek).

+O glorious Prince of the heavenly host, Saint Michael the Archangel, defend us in the battle and in the fearful warfare that we are waging against the principalities and powers, against the rulers of this world of darkness, against the evil spirits. Come thou to the assistance of men, whom Almighty God created immortal, making them in His own image and likeness and redeeming them at a great price from the tyranny of Satan. Fight this day the battle of the Lord with the legions of holy Angels, even as of old thou didst fight against Lucifer, the leader of the proud spirits and all his rebel angels, who were powerless to stand against thee, neither was their place found any more in heaven. And that apostate angel, transformed into an angel of darkness who still creeps about the earth to encompass our ruin, was cast headlong into the abyss together with his followers. But behold, that first enemy of mankind, and a murderer from the beginning, has regained his confidence. Changing himself into an angel of light, he goes about with the whole multitude of the wicked spirits to invade the earth and blot out the Name of God and of His Christ, to plunder, to slay and to consign to eternal damnation the souls that have been destined for a crown of everlasting life. This wicked serpent, like an unclean torrent, pours into men of depraved minds and corrupt hearts the poison of his malice, the spirit of lying, impiety and blasphemy, and the deadly breath of impurity and every form of vice and iniquity. These crafty enemies of mankind have filled to overflowing with gall and wormwood the Church, which is the Bride of the Lamb without spot; they have laid profane hands upon her most sacred treasures. Make haste, therefore, O invincible Prince, to help the people of God against the inroads of the lost spirits and grant us the victory.Amen.+

I'm stil in it!

These crafty enemies of mankind have filled to overflowing with gall and wormwood the Church, which is the Bride of the Lamb without spot; they have laid profane hands upon her most sacred treasures.

We get to listen to HomoAnderson report all of this. How does he control his emotions with all of these single holy men in the Vatican?

we need a black African pop no less.

Black smoke coming from the White House signals BBQ dog night......at da Obammy's placeYum  Yum  Eat  Em  Up

NO popes from Africa please.

religion is a man invented concept to control mankind....I bet there is an orgy goin on up in their...i feel sorry for the kids who got invited.

Looks like I'm still in the running!

Pope Smoke is now legal in Colorado!

Days over. Everyone headed toward the playground

Cardinal Angelo Bagnasco will be the next Pope

if not catholic ,why do i need to be concern about a Pope ? a  POPE can't even stop them molester's  to stop abusing them innocent children out there .how much do we need a Pope in our lives for ?

Pope election. Proudly sponsored by ZZ TOP. the best in Black Smoke making

Smoke is smoke. Here the differnece is that it is not blown up your #$%$, like it is at the academy awards. Another gathering to pick winners. A total joke, with a catholic flair.

The catholic Church. Protecting your children for over 2 years

Why do popes carrells have to were the big hats and extravagant a tier, also if this is the true chosen church that god speaks to. why does it take so long to pick the next pop if there listening to the spirit shouldn't it be instant?maybe the cardinals should pick Tony LaRussa, he did a good job in St. Louis

excommunicate THIS!

Getting pretty sick of hearing about strife and scandal every single article. We get it already. Yes, they have problems to fix.  Thank you for reminding us over and over and over.  Just report on the process.

With smoke like that it's no wonder we've got a problem with global warming...

This is such a who cares!! As though one person on this planet is closer to god than another!

I know nothing about this process, so my initial thought was that the black smoke meant we got our first black pope.

May the Lord guide them to choose a man with Christian morals, a reformist mind, love of people and the ability to know wrong from right, punishing those who sin against all of humanity

The Cardinal Wiccan's Coven will soon start. They will begin with a 2 week Orgybefore they select their new Grand Warlock to lead the catholic Cult into the 8th century.

They brought a Dance Dance Revolution machine into the chapel and the prelate with the sickest beats will release the white smoke.

A Nappy Headed Pope..." Das  wha I talkin abot"...This IS exciting! It's like they are choosing next head of the Mafia! Only the Mafia nowadays is less dangerous!

NONE of 265 Pope since Saint Peter committed sex crimes.

Black, white  smoke, who cares, like the church it self it will go up in smoke.

Bill Maher for pope!!!

We will not know who the front runners are after each voting because that is kept secret....we  will not know anything until the new pope is announced.   And John Paul II and Benedict did reforms in the curia....all but 10 of the voting cardinals were named by them.    That in itself changes who the members of the curia are.

There is a bunch a #$%$ action happen between cardinals right now

I am glad that there is still no one on this planet who claims to be infallible

*Crossing fingers for a black or Hispanic pope*

i guess it takes more than one vote to determine who can't make any mistakes....

‎3/12/2013:2:30PM..WHO will be the next POPE?..My first pick because of a dream I had 2 weeks ago ,will be:Christoph Schonborn 60 from Austria..My second choice that I made way back when John Paul II passed and they were voting on Bendict XVI {that I predicted! right! 1 month before he was in.} will be Dionigi Tettamanzi 71 from Italy.if he gets it were in deep trouble! He is cardinal of Genoa.{G8}.Opus Dei who is run by the Anunnaki.They are the ones who run the goverments of the earth! Hes the Devils pupet .Writing letters in support of indulgences and church teachings on the Devil! this papabile has corperate sponsorship..who else..MICROSOFT! THE BEAST! 666 .PETER the 1st will be the title in english. ....From 7 mountians of men he will come forth:The seven mountians of POPEs=Pius 1st thru 12th+78, Leo 1st thru 13 = 91, Gregory 1st thru 16th = 136 Benedict 1st thru 15=105..Bendict the 10th was deposed and this Bendict 16th steped down}.., ...John 1st thru 23rd=231 .John the 16 was deposed and John the 20th did not exist.Paul the 1st thru 6th =21, John Paul 1st thru the 2nd = 3..lets total them up..78+91+136+105+231+21+3=665..if this next Popes # is 1 it will equal 666! these 7 are the Dragons Seven Heads in Rev 13-18..ALSO on another note: This month in Popular Science NASA engineer Harold White and Physicist Miguel Alcubierre say they have made a breakthru in WARP DRIVE propulsion ! TIME TRAVEL and Faster than Light Speed travel. also the H.A.A.R.P. weapon in Gakona Alaska is fully functional and ready to control the wheather...waiting for the END times? I think your wait is over.2013 is the beginning of the 7 years of GREAT Tribulation forcast in the Bible, everything is in place. I have been studing this since 1976.there is a comet in the sky right now just above the moon right next to the sun.you can see it at sundown on the left.OMEN? we will see.ALSO; a BIG comet will be in our nite sky Nov 16th that will be brighter than the MOON!.........overwhelmed....dont be....it is written: JESUS will be returning soon!.If anyone has ever read the book "White Smoke" they would realize that all this praying and speaking in Latin by the cardinals is just ruse. These cardinals have been discussing this among themselves ever since Benny decided to jump ship. They already know who they want as pope but will make it look good by blowing black smoke for a couple days. This process is a joke and the church is deluded if they think the populace can't see through this.

If they were all in "tune" for say. wouldn't it be instant white smoke.

OK days over. Bring in the children

Why are they talking in Italian?  English, motherFckr, do you speak it

I just hope he has enough common sense to bring the chuch into the 21st century, and let women be ordained as priest's and let women that choose to use birth control without being demonized by the church

Need a crackdown on contraceptives. The next pope should be the RUBBER POPE

one big #$%$ joint going on there

wonder how they do the black and white smoke??

Why should a comment need to be blocked,.People need to start expressing PositiveSTATEMENTS.

#$%$ no new old fart to make fun of ?OK they've had Polish popes, french some from the Nederlands etc.Now it is time to have a Muslim or Protestant Pope to shake things up

Prayer  is for a strong Papal leader that will guide the flock of Christ and expand it to those that do not know Him under the guidance of the Holy Spirit.

I'm going to go ahead and say they already know who the new pope is. They're all just sitting in a room putting different color smoke out so the news has something to talk about.

Not all priests are bad, but the Priests in the catholic church that break the commandents of the Most High God will always be bad in His eyes.

Wonder what Jesus would say about the way they dress and all this pomp and circumstance!

the white smoke is created by burning the four skins of little baby boys circumcisions.whats left over from LUNCH.

If this gang of perverts had taken the resources put into this conclave drama garbage and used it to investigate the pedophile problem that they have they might gain a pittance of credibility…maybe.

I they prayed for Divine guidance, wouldn't the vote then have to be unanimous since God is telling them who he wants?

What would be neat is if we never had to see white smoke again.

This calls for a Harlem Shake at the vatican!I'd Laugh if some worker left a 2 liter bottle of gas in the white smoke oven. watch ALL those cards come out BLACK.and lets see the Pope MOON the crowd from the Perch. Get right on the Pedo Watch List.

I hope the black smoke means that a North Korean nuclear-tipped missile has landed. Religion is the bane of decent society.

Lot of blocked comments on here.Come on Italy. I have a bet on.

Grey Smoke means 115 pedo Cardinals are stuck in a burning Building and Justice has been done.

pope.....dope

eeny, meeny, miny, mo...

OK,look,I know I said no in the past but I'll do it. I think I'm really digging the big hat and the back to basics robe and all. Do I get to kill,maim,rape,torture,and kill thousands in the name of god as did popes in the past, or is that frowned on these days? Let me know,Lavern and Shirley is on in a few minutes.....Pope Carl his really huge holiness

Catholics are going to make Michael "the molestor" Jackson a saint.

According to the Weather man, This is the first time in a decade the Vatican won't be Dipping into the TEENS after Midnight.

Pitifully biased article, Crispian Balmer and Reuters!  The Pope never said he was "too weak to confront the Church's woes."right now they have a deck of cards and are playing Strip Poper. last one with his robe on wins.

You know who would make a great Pope? Obama. he does Nothing very well. Covers up crimes of his staff like a pro, is a sneaky rodent, loves to be driven around in front of crowds, selects only the ripest words to use on his sheep followers, doesn't care about country's Borders, controls alot of drones, his followers are blood thirsty killers and he takes Orders straight from Israel. Yes, the Perfect POPE.

Since there's no pope that means we can do all the things they usually oppose. Lets all get gay married, practice witchcraft, accept science, and let women get educated. OOOOH, I like this popeless thing.

Black smoke ? Sounds like Obama lying again

The reports are so comical and unintelligent.  The average Joe Public has no influence over who is chosen.  What "Catholics Want" is irrelevant.  The doctrines of the Bible and the Church do not change and are not affected by human want or desire.  Get a life people...journalistic poverty at it again.

It's a good sign that there is no popular vote or outright favourite.  By my reckoning, a good selection would emerged a winner on the third vote.

this whole cardinal electory thing is a fars, a joke..... the next cardinal is going to be a corrupted one whom trully will not be a godly man..... Pope Benadict was trully a Godly man who even wrote in a tablet that he was threatened to quit his position as pope because he was aware of the other cardinals being prostitutes and gambling and more.... he did not want this stuff to go on so they kicked him out and he was told to use the excuse that he was to ill to continue.. the popes will make sure that this next guy they pick will not go through what pope benedict made them go through so they will make sure that he allows this sin and corruption to continue under the roof of the vatican.    this all was brought up on CNN

Mom wont take me to Church Dad said she suddenly quit after I was born

Later on, the Cardinals used pink smoke to signal the commencement of the #$%$

I grew up knowing many priests, some were alcholics, gays, woman chasers and pot smokers.  Most I got to know well were dedicated to their vows....Thank God for them...And the Roman Empire picks its new Emperor from among its immoral, godless and evil Senators....

If a Black Pope is Elected, then the Catholic Church will NEVER Push Using Birth Control!But I have a feeling all the white virgin Nuns will be having a bunch of half breed babies soon.

This selection of the new Pope is already tainted with having Cardinal Mahony being there to assist in selecting a new Pope.  He should not be there.

I dont think the world is ready for Pope " Tyrome "Smitty" Watkins"

They will elect.. Peter the Roman. I will schit my pants if this actually happens.

it the parade of Whovillie hats, &amp; yes i agree with Joseph if they are convicted or even mention for sex crime against children they have no business in the church

You don't want to know what kind of wand and bodily fluids will be used to vote with.and I can't wait for jesus to come back so we can string him up again. Funny, Christians want Obama's ID and Birth Certificate but would NEVER ask for JESUS' galactic ID card.

has Anybody Noticed this news page is under SCIENCE? Good JOB yahoo! I could work from Home and figure out the right catagory to put this under, FICTION. or BUSINESS.and Notice the Question Mark on that card's Staff. yeah QUESTION the Church and Question GOD.

Who will be the next HPIC?  Head Pedophile in charge!

Wow! The anticipation is unbelievable; it positively an obsession.we need pope bendtic back, he was a good pope and he shouldn't of retired.

And the pedophile lottery continues as this bunch of cross-dressing perverts plays out their drama like theatrical queens. How they do it with a straight face is just astounding.

Why the Cardinals and not other baseball teams?

Lets hope they will elect a jewish Pope, so surely their Empire will be run to the ground and bankruptcy like america has been run.

I'm gonna miss Benedict Arnold, that old Evil Emperor from star wars. With them dark ringed shadowy eyes, too much Vitamin HEP C in his Diet.

Makes me want to puke!

Why are all these old drag queens wearing the same hat ?

nomine Patris, et Filii, et Spiritūs Sancti, ALL YOU #$%$ GET OFFA DA LAWN!!!

Looks like a reunion of the Klan!

Just think, a Black Pope in a white clown outfit would look like a chef or a butler.Obama for Pope!!!

They should elect the pope based on who has the longest #$%$/k

Why don't cathlolic priests ever have to worry about paying child support?because 8 year old alter Boys Can't get Pregnant!

Where there is smoke there is fire... The  pope wears upon his head a cap or miter. It reads VICARIUS FILII DEI, (when translated into roman numerals and added together come to the number of the beast.(666) and when translated into latin means VICAR OF THE SON OF GOD. Read Rev. 13:17&amp;18.

They must have been thinking about the cardinals in that song "I'll fly away"...

to be PC we should have a gay muslim pope

We All Know, no matter Who the Cardinals Pick, they will NEVER Win a SuperBowl.

Clean the house or this is the last pope.........

i thought god picked the Pope.

Erect a Black Pope. Oh wait, they are Always Erect.Troubled church?  Wow.  Has anyone ever read the Gospel of Matthew.  Please familiarize yourself with weeds and wheat.

a bunch of pedophiles picking the next pedophile to lead the pedo church.  This is great news.

What if the smoke is Orange? does that mean James Homes the Joker got in and did the world a massive favor? What if they went by Terd Color? will Brown Smoke mean its a latino Pope? oh Great, now the Pope Mobile will have 24 inch rims and fuzzy interior.

How long does it take a cult to become a relgion? About 300 years?

lets give the blacks a "poke" at it.

DOLAN!!!!!

No matter the outcome, this pope will be under attack. No different than any of his predecessors in the past 2000 years.

It is bad news when information need to be blocked., society is in poor shape.

they come in sheeps clothing but are raging wolves matthew 23 verse 28 even so ye also outwardly appear righteous unto me but within ye are full of hypocrisy and iniquity  thats JESUS himself talking to the pharisees  thats is what this false religion is the roman church is the new test pharisees  they outwardly APPEAR righteous to men  they like to dress as they are holy or of GOD but they are not they come in sheeps clothing JESUS and the apostels warned us to whatch out for them  and they claim to be of GOD but they pervert the gospel  people get out of this fake false man made religion

I wonder what the Cardinals are doing right now? Stripped down naked for a romp a room hot tub party, getting skunk drunk, surfing the best kitto pedo sites, shaving each other's But Whiskers, Lubing each other up with lotion and hole lee Water, Yes these are the Representatives of your GOD of Israel. a True DEMON in Disquise.Wishing all of the cardinals would just fly away, FOREVER!!!

May the Holy Spirit of Wisdom guide our Cardinals as they elect our new Pope. And may the Almighty God help him stand firm through all possible challenges. Long live the Catholic Church!

Upon invoking Divine Ispiration, direction, instruction, intelligence and 'help'- these men will choose with and through the intercession of Christ a man- a great and Holy new Pontiff who will dissect each law, each tradition, every word of Scripture taking it to Our all-knowing Father, from there, knowledge and reasoning will come to be. And growth, wisdom, commom knowledge and explanation will be delivered. And with this I pray for the return of Catholics to the Church. For all people, all countries, all rulers, and all mankind to go with Christianity...at least acknowledge Our Savior! Let not the Trinity be only with (just) the Cardinals right now-let The Holy Spirt be in the hearts, minds and body's of all mankind.

Do you really think in the course of its two thousand year history, that these times are the most daunting facing the church?  When you think of living in fear of being fed to lions because you professed to be a Christian, or living during the dark ages, or those years that the pope was held prisoner by Napolean, and many others, I would think they would be a little more daunting than the current issues.

I dont think straight men would come up with all those weird outfits.

stop following a man and stop calling him holy father because there is only one holy father and that is GOD ALMIGHTY himself

As a Catholic I feel we need to shake things up; How about electing a Jew?

Just Think, 1 LIE by Mary 2,000 years ago to Avoid being STONED to Death by the Tribe per JEWISH law for cheating, and what a Giant LIE its become causing Wars, Hate, Looting, Torture, Empires, Hoaxes, Scams, Pedo's, and entire economies relying on one little cheating witch's Great Fraud of the World. But what Else would you expect from a trouble making jewish Girl that partied and slept with 3 wise, uh, Strangers?

Wow, no new figurehead yet to wear the popeclown hat and sash around in a flowing gown of lies and ridculous idol worship?No big surprise there. Come on Vatican and media pigs worldwide..... lets milk this thing for all its worth and then some. This kind of pomp and circumstance election is a rare one.

I wonder how many little boys those Cardinals have impregnated. Thousands?  Millions?I nominate Jerry Sandusky for Pope.

I hope the Cardinals do not end up gathering and some big orgy erupts, throw in a bunch of lesbian nuns and maybe all will go straight!!  Who knows!

Once all the cardinals are inside the conclave, we should lock the door and call the police.  It's convenient that all these felons are in the same room -- so let's not waste the opportunity.

So, I Guess GOD didn't show up AGAIN to VOTE for the Pope.Nice RELIABLE God.....

The Vatican is no more holier than your nearest night club.

so, who cares.    Catholic is a pretend Christian religion.    WAY to many wrongs in it's beliefs, and so many things the catholic 'mafia' does that totally goes AGAINST what the Bible says.I WAS a catholic, not no more!!!!!!!

Who the hell gives a #$%$ about a damnned old baby raper?

here's some french toast instead of saint peter's, yeah yeah yeah yeah.here's a little boy for a pedo offering...yeah yeah yeah yeah.now Catholics did you hear about this one, tell me are you Lost in the past..Andy are you goofing on Elvis... are you Cards Smoking Grass?if you believe ....they put a Pope on the Moon....

Elect a Black Pope so the whole church will get divided and fall into a cespool of Racism. We ALL Know How Blacks Vote for other Blacks, per Obama's Results. I'd love to see the Italians bow down to a black pope and latinos too. Just the start of the Great Race War looming around the corner. Mark My Words. the LAST POPE.

I was Catholic now I'm not. Yes' fallen away Catholic implies that I will be back. However. I won't.pope = LOL!

I hope they don't lock any children in there with them.... yikes

Look at these DUMB Swiss Guards in their Charlie and the Chocolate Factory suits!Talking about the absoulte WORSE Job Uniform Anybody could ever wear! Do they really Think they will keep evil demons and satan out with those dumb spears? Red Rooster fuzzies on helmets? It almost looks like a flock of seagulls video from the 80s!

Old men in silly little outfits doing a silly thing.:)

Ask yourself how an organization can keep control, bilking the flock, raping their children and other nefarious doings. It's not because of them having dirt on people in high places. it's not because they have the power of god on their side. It because of the blood sacrifices they have done for two millennia...starting with their sacrifice of Jesus, betrayed by Peter. Yep Peter was in on it. The sacrifices of women and and men claiming they were witches or heretics. The sacrifices of babies to their true master......Their pact with the darkside. Right in front of your noses they start Conclave on the New Moon, when all evil sorcery goes out. Will they get away with it again? That's up to you to decided

Are you sure the media are not help guys and those who promote abortion in their fight against the Church for not accepting them, if not why are they bent on destrying the Catholic church

I think the Church is doing quite well.  After all it's been around for over 2000 years and seen far more difficult times and has always come through.

Lets all pray so that not our wishes but the wishes of god be fullfilled in the new to be elected pope

Betcha some of them cardinals are wearing crotchless undies under their robes!

wearing red. seriouslyGotta Love a Religion surrounding itself with tons of Gold and little naked 1 year old angle babies, and their Swiss Guards wearing Joker Uniform Pajama's Guarding a bunch of old Phlart Pedo's putting on an ACT and needing so much secrecy for their Canibal Blood Cult of Slavery and Terror.

Why don't they lock themselves in there forever so we don't have to see their greedy faces ever again

It's sad that any body even cares about who's the next pope.... It's sad that anyone even partakes of this catholic nonsense.

Jesus Christ was crucified for condeming the catholic church views and policies. How could this place be holy, who are they praying to.

Quick! Hide the Alter boys!!

a cult of many practising gay priests, who protected the sprinkling of pedophiles who had thedirt on each other and agreed to keep the dirt they had on each other secret-FREAKS!!!

I hope they choose a Black Pope, just to stir up a bunch of Racist christians and jews all at each others throats. Religion has set Mankind Back about 1,000 years of progress, Science and learning. Good Ridence to it!

revelation 2 verse 9

The Catholic church is all for show. That is why they wear the ridiculous outfits.

In related news, a tire fire near the Vatican city is believed to be the source of widespread confusion.All this is BS

Choose Wisely, because this WILL be the LAST Pope before Your whole Religion Collapses like a Black Hole! No More jewish Religions full of Lies.

What the hell is with the gooooooofy hats dude..pedophiles from mars..

I wonder if the winner is chosen by who molested the most kids.

"Laying their own hands on the Gospels and speaking in Latin, they took a vow of secrecy not to divulge anything about the molestation of altar boys, which was expected to start with an initial round of anal deflowering later in the afternoon."

Vote for me I want the life of luxury in the name of God !

Just 115 #$%$, electing a chief #$%$... That's who I would want for spiritual, family and personal problems advice from... a gay #$%$, that molest little boys for a living.. Oh wait I forgot, priest don't give advice in that church.. they just tell you to say 7 hail marys and your saved until you do it again... hasn't any of them ever read the bible?.. The last I knew, the bible said not to pray to idols, that's all they do.. I love the comments that priest that molest should be excommunicated from the church...NOO they should be executed, at the very least spend their life in prison with all their other #$%$ buddies in crime..

Yawn. ZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzx

Try the New Pope Soap on a Rope, and wash Away Your Sins today! Just pay Shipping and handling from HELL.

do anyone  think they are  bet on this one in Vegas.I bet it will be a new Pope.LOLGo home - smoke is Pink

Uh, Shouldn't their GOD be the one that Decides WHO becomes Next Pope? Oh wait, it would take 4 Trillion years for a Reply to Never Come from GOD.

What trouble do you speak of Weedsmoker? I dont see any Catholics exploding!

Fabian of 236 AD had a Bird land on him thus deciding he'd be the pope, or the Bird Poop.how STUPID is That? what if a Dog jumped on his lap?

taking place in the Cyst TEEN Chapel. you know, where the Young Teen Boys get Cysts on their we we's from the cardinals foreplay.

oh I wounder who will be the next cult leader, oh I mean pope. Only Jesus Christ can forgive sins, not some fat guy sitting in a box. oh I did a bad thing so just say ten hail marys and everything is fine. NOT.Jesus Christ is the way the truth and the life, NO man can come to the Father but by Him.

All is in the hands of the ONE who started the church from its begining.HE continues, AMEN

Silly secularist media!!!  The Catholic Church is not "troubled"! ...as it is the Church established by Jesus Christ built upon the rock of St. Peter (read it for yourself!  Matthew 16:18-19)...and the gates of hell will not prevail against it!  (Nor will all of you anti-Catholics here!)  You can be extremely confident in that!

The need of the present day church is to have a pope that caters for the basic needs (spiritual, social) of humanity. He will also need to take measures that support and promote the teaching of the church.

I nominate myself as I meet all the qualifications of being the next Pope:"Any baptized male Catholic can be elected Pope. Although the chances of a non-cardinal being elected is very small.If the person elected is not yet a bishop, then he is ordained a bishop before accepting the office of the Papacy."FoxNews host just called child sex abuse "a procedural matter".

I showed this to a friend in Rome &amp; he could not understand the footage in the video, with the sun shining, as it has just been cloudy &amp; raining in Rome for the last few days

May the Holy Spirit guide the cardinals in the election of the next successor to St Peter.May St Michael the Archangel defend all Catholics and those who are trying to find Jesus and do His will, from the evil ones hell bent on destroying the church Jesus founded.I don't believe 1/1000 of the people who claim they were sexually abused by priests. They just want ca$h. All those who make false claims against priests are from Satan and when they die, they will return to Satan.

This should be televised on reality TV and run as; The World's Next Top Pedo.

"Traditionally precedes the secret conclave"......"As in medieval times, the cardinals will be banned from communicating with the outside world"That makes a lot of sense. People who supposedly represent God keeping secrets from the rest of the world.

Everybody has to have something to do, don't they?

may God choose a worthy cardinal to lead us amen

Best thing they could do is give all the money to organizations that could help all people and return all of the collectable stash to museums and then disband the whole operation.  Biggest scam in the world.

May the holy spirit of jesus christ lead all the cardinals,priest to be united as one families of god,that they may have peace,love,respect,understanding,faithfulness to one another....god bless the new becoming holy pope

Hope the Cardinals listen to guidance from above and not to Satan.you people mary is not god--you are worshping a false god... if you do this you will be burned with fire for ever and ever---you are told over and over in the bible--

Why can't they take these "holy men" at their word when it comes to the secrecy of the conclave?  Instead they have to jam signals and seal the windows of the apartments and somehow there will be a leak.  If you can't trust the leaders how can you trust their choice.

Troubled?  The media delights in saying it.  Actually, the Church valiantly tries to conform to what Christ wanted His church to be.  Christ would not condone child abuse or abuse in any form, not from clergy, not from anyone in society and the Church doesn't either.  Christ would not condone abortion and the Church doesn't.  Christ would not condone same-sex marriage and the Church doesn't,  The Church adheres, as best it can, to the model Christ gave it to follow.  It does what Christ wants, not what society would like the Church to be. It can not do otherwise.

Why do all the channels have to interrupt all programs for this crazy stuff?  I could care less but now I have missed my regular show.  Give all churches equal time.  This is not right.

Prayer for those below who are mentaly ill:Lord Jesus Christ, You have willed that St. Dymphna should be invoked by thousands of clients as the patroness of nervous and mental disease and have brought it about that her interest in these patients should be an inspiration to and an ideal of charity throughout the world. Grant that, through the prayers of this youthful martyr of purity, those who suffer from nervous and mental illness everywhere on earth may be helped and consoled. I recommend to You in particular those who write disgusting comments, as their souls seem to be invaded by evil spiritsBe pleased to hear the prayers of St. Dymphna and of Your Blessed Mother. Give those whom I recommend the patience to bear with their affliction and resignation to do Your divine will. Give them the consolation they need and especially the cure they so much desire, if it be Your will. Through Christ, Our Lord. Amen.

No offense to catholics, but why is this a big deal?

Maybe while they're at it, they can ask the Holy Spirit to explain to them the meaning of Matthew 23:9.

Does this mean the pope has to move to an Italian neighborhood?

When you have a collective body like the College of Cardinals, you have to wonder what is meant by"papal infallibility" as well as "divine providence."  The same group that provided a safe haven for Cardinal Law of Boston is now going to appoint God's representative on earth?  After all, it was under the infallible Pope that Cardinal Law was summoned to the Vatican.  Conveniently, out of the reach of those victims of molesting priests.And just to be fair, the ground rules for finding a new Pope have common ground with those for finding a new Dalai Lama.  First qualification -- must be a male.  When that's "written in stone," well, what does that say about the institution?

Is it Halloween already?They juat called a white Cardinal The Black Pope?? What TFck ?

Ya know, he keeps a little boy under that hat, really no kidding,check it out next time he #$%$ out on the balcony......

Biggest Hat wins !!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Domi Domi Domi and Biscuits for our Dominoes

What is missing in that picture is a huge fire to burn alive infidels in it.

let the gay orgie begin!

Pope Homey with a huge stable of Nuns...... Yea......

I'm not Catholic or Christian for that matter but I think this whole process is pretty cool.

They need a Pope from Jamaica where Voodoo fits in with Vatican practices.

Cardinal from Colombia...check hjis luggageDo they wear pope skivies under all that robe and big hat #$%$

I would like to nominate the one and only "Jesus Christ SuperStare".............. LOL!

In the name of Jesus Christ, may the  Holy Spirit guide our cardinals to choose the right leader.

Just another yahoo libral headline to put down the Church.  Anything to thrown down the Church.

They should be wary of the cunning and charismatic Cardinal Borgia, as he's liable to stoop to slyly solicitating votes for himself......

Maybe a Black Pope

Religion is man made. The earth, moon, wind and the sun are NOT! You decide your own fate.

And who Validates Catholicism anyway?  We know its all about the Multi-Million Dollar church Buildings, The Unquestionable Thousands of Dollars it costs to wear those Lavish "Outfits" Countless thousands of More dollars in GOLD ornaments, Staffs, curtain rods and Cross Necklaces..(not to mention the Satin, Lace and Silk). The Non-stop Capitulation of Wealth the Church has Amassed Over the Centuries, the Untold Wrongful Deaths of those Victims of the "Crusades" period and Now to Compound the Problem,  the Senseless Molestation of Children throughout their History. (hundreds of years)? Who even cares but a Mass of Mindless Zombies, who have no Idea why there doing it. This was Bound to Happen, no wonder the Guy Quit! I wish him the Best.

Under the Vatican they murder the young boys in their rituals.

Cardinal Mahoney of Los Angeles praying?? and voting?? what a joke, the man should be in prisonWhoever it is it will be Peter the roman

The mistake of man should not affect all men of same religion, race, job or lifestyle. Every man makes their own decisions whether it's right or wrong. We are human &amp; therefore make mistakes, but many point fingers at religion &amp; change religions because of a priest's bad decision,  others change because they want the religion that gives them more material things. Those persons have only interest not faith. You're suppose to put your faith in God not in man,man is not perfect. Respect your religion &amp; let God do the judging, don't bounce around like aball, because no religion is perfect due to the fact that they are ran by man.

Priests love young boys behind the doors.

I wouldn't be surprised if the real reason the pop retired is cos he's embarrassed with the other cardinals and the scandals. The best way to solve it...allow these guys to marry! They'll get all the nookie they want, end of story. (hopefully) You really can't deny a man his natural urges...you might as well geld them if they can't get some.  And whoever the new guy is, he should stop the hate preaching about homosexuality, it's a fact of life and natural. And...and.....omg i could go on. but i wont

A bunch of hocus pocus nonsense is what this is.

Cardinal Cicola gets my vote.

So you say you are the new Pope,and you're living in the Vatican?That don't impresse me much!

There are two worlds...the real one and the one religious nut cases live in...men and women are genetically designed to have sex and make kids...as long a priest can't  get laid...they gonna do your kids.. catholics...get the picture?

Does anyone even care? My wife's worried the coverage will interrupt General Hospital! Just put some names in a beanie and draw one!

Saint Michael the Archangel, loyal champion of God and His people, I turn to you with confidence and seek your powerful intercession. For the love of God, Who made you so glorious in grace and power, and for the love of the Mother of Jesus, the Queen of the Angels, be pleased to hear my prayer. You know the value of my soul in the eyes of God. May no stain of evil ever disfigure its beauty. Help me to conquer the evil spirits that tempt me. I desire to imitate your loyalty to God and Holy Mother Church and your great love for God and people. And since you are God's messenger for the care of His people, I entrust to you this special request: bring your angelic army and protect us from evil!St. Michael, since you are, by the will of the Creator, the powerful intercessor of Christians, I have great confidence in your prayers. I earnestly trust that if it is God's holy will, my petition will be granted.Pray for me St. Michael, and also for those I love. Protect us in all dangers of body and soul. Help us in our daily needs. Through your powerful intercession, may we live a holy life, die a happy death and reach heaven where we may praise and love God with you forever. Amen.The longest delay in electing a Pope took place in in 1286 and ended with the choice of Gregory X.The process took two years and nine months, according to internet sources.The longest lasting pontificate was that of Pius IX June 16, 1846 – February 7, 1878; a total of 31 years, 7 months. Pope Pius IX was responsible for calling the First Vatican Council, and for implementing the doctrine that popes are capable of being infallible when it comes to matters of faith and morals, again according to internet sources.

let us pray for our mother church that God should choose a pope that will be a true evangelist, true successor of peter and guided to reforms.We as Christians should not care where he comes from.we are one...children of God.

All of these dirty old corrupted rapist gay men are allsickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickossickos sickos sickos sickos sickos sickos

Time to sacrifice a goat, and elect a new cult leader.

Do you not understand that Christians worship the God of the Jews.  He only cares about Jews.  There are NO stories about Gentiles in the Bible.  End of Days means the delivery of the Jews from the prosecution by the Gentiles.  Jews go to Heaven, Gentiles go to Hell.

Why does the new Pope has to be from Italy? Why can't they look at Latin America. My opinion is:  The Cardinal from Cuba should be the next Pope. This can be good for Cuba and Latin America.

Proverbs 30:8-9Remove far from me falsehood and lying; give me neither poverty nor riches; feed me with the food that is needful for me, lest I be full and deny you and say, “Who is the Lord?” or lest I be poor and steal and profane the name of my God.

I wonder why Benedict has retained the name, in any form, of "Pope" and will live on the grounds of the Vatican....could it be that he doesn't want to give it up and wants to set his place in history?...His abdication has done that so why want to be still called the "Pope"  He may be a good man, but less than useful in his term.

do the right thing elect a Pope and not a Punk

All those DEVILS LUCIFER #$%$ in their RED dress, A Church full of closet #$%$ and child rapest.Denounce the False Papacy &amp; unite with the Other christians???Jesus is Leader of church not the Pope.I vote for a second crusade..... Re-take Constantinople :)the Orthodox holy city

Prince of the heavenly hosts, conqueror of the infernal dragon, you received from God the strength and power to destroy through humility the pride of the powers of darkness. We implore you help us to true humility of heart, to unshakable fidelity, to fulfill the Will of God and to fortitude in sufferings and trials. Help us to stand before the judgment seat of God. Amen.

You realized until now that all every channel(not including Fox or other channels that have no news cast of any kind) are showing this as very "important news".

They're nothing but absolute #$%$. They have no redeeming value whatsoever.I rejoice in their destruction.

All the countries should not influence in the election of new Pope.

Obama already Paid for the 1st Black Pope to be Elected just to make History !

O glorious Prince of the heavenly host, Saint Michael the Archangel, defend us in the battle and in the fearful warfare that we are waging against the principalities and powers, against the rulers of this world of darkness, against the evil spirits. Come thou to the assistance of men, whom Almighty God created immortal, making them in His own image and likeness and redeeming them at a great price from the tyranny of Satan. Fight this day the battle of the Lord with the legions of holy Angels, even as of old thou didst fight against Lucifer, the leader of the proud spirits and all his rebel angels, who were powerless to stand against thee, neither was their place found any more in heaven. And that apostate angel, transformed into an angel of darkness who still creeps about the earth to encompass our ruin, was cast headlong into the abyss together with his followers. But behold, that first enemy of mankind, and a murderer from the beginning, has regained his confidence. Changing himself into an angel of light, he goes about with the whole multitude of the wicked spirits to invade the earth and blot out the Name of God and of His Christ, to plunder, to slay and to consign to eternal damnation the souls that have been destined for a crown of everlasting life. This wicked serpent, like an unclean torrent, pours into men of depraved minds and corrupt hearts the poison of his malice, the spirit of lying, impiety and blasphemy, and the deadly breath of impurity and every form of vice and iniquity. These crafty enemies of mankind have filled to overflowing with gall and wormwood the Church, which is the Bride of the Lamb without spot; they have laid profane hands upon her most sacred treasures. Make haste, therefore, O invincible Prince, to help the people of God against the inroads of the lost spirits and grant us the victory. Amen.

O glorious Archangel St. Michael, watch over us during life, defending us against assaults of the demon, assist us especially at the hour of death; obtain for us a favorable judgment, and the happiness of beholding God face to Face for endless ages. Amen.

Did you know the Roman Catholic church's pedophile investigator was jailedfor possessing thousands of child porn images

Amazing that a whole religion is based on what color smoke comes out a chimney to see who there new leader will be.  Has any ever thought that maybe it depends on the kind of wood or leaves they are burning that make the different color smoke and not godO glorious St. Michael, guardian and defender of the Church of Jesus Christ, come to the assistance of the Church, against which the powers of hell are unchained, guard with especial care her august Head, and obtain that for him and for us the hour of triumph may speedily arrive.

Saint Michael, I consecrate to you my soul and body. I choose you as my patron and protector and entrust the salvation of my soul to your care. Be the guardian of my obligation as a child of God and of the Catholic Church as again I renounce Satan, his works and pomps. Assist me by your powerful intercession in the fulfillment of these sacred promises, so that imitating your courage and loyalty to God, and trusting in your kind help and protection, I may be victorious over the enemies of my soul and be united with God in heaven forever. Amen.

It will be a sign of overt racism if the Cards don't elect a colored Pope, as if the the one chosen being member of the Hitler You wasn't bad enough!

I hope they have the telephone number for the local Godfather's pizza place so they can send out for delivery.  Although, Hooters would be a better choice-good buffalo wings.

Saint Michael the Archangel, invincible prince of the angelic hosts and glorious protector of the universal Church, I greet you and praise you for that splendor with which God has adorned you so richly. I thank God for the great graces he has bestowed upon you, especially to remain faithful when Lucifer and his followers rebelled, and to battle victoriously for the honor of God and the divinity of the Son of Man.

I am thinking of running as the Next Pope!  What are the requirements?  Must love little boys and pretend that I am holy and having regular conversations with God so that the brainless followers could still donate their earnings so I can build my 36th Summer Castle!

every pedophile priest deserves a bullet to the head....nothing less

The only real crime here is the lack of information in this story about the McRib from McDonalds.

I have no problem with any religion wisely choosing a leader from amongst their collective.  What is a problem for me:  a collection of ordinary men, who happen to be religious, come together to cast ballots (just like we all did in November) to select from among their ordinary selves, another "ordinary" man.  And once these ordinary men choose another ordinary man, this collective suddenly has the power to make him extraordinary - and suddenly he is the worlds holiest man.  So holy that he can NO longer even lie.  Please!

Just love how the satan-supported, anti-church, secular media loves to use statements like "..Pope Benedict abdicated last month, saying he was not strong enough at 85 to confront the woes of a Church .."  He never said that, he said he wasn't strong enough to carry out his role. Period!What a costume party. lol

Guys, Im not religious, But I honestley started to hear voices for about a lil over a year now, People were certain that i should seek medical help  due to the symptoms of schizophrenic paranoia, but than i opened a bible, and read the book of revelations. "He who has an ear, let them hear what the spirit has to say to the churches. To him who overcomes shall not be hurt by the second death." revelations 2:11  "There are also  SEVEN KINGS (VII) , Five (V) have fallen, One (I) is, and the other has not yet come. and When he comes he must continue a short time.  "The Beast  that was, and is not,  is himself also the eighth, and is of the seven, and is going to perdition." Revelations 17: 10,11.  Take out the curves in the 8 you get what looks like an X, What number is this pope XVI . One is  The beast that was, and is not  himself the letter I meaning One and is of the 7.  you get it!

For Lunch its Lobster Tails And for Dinner its New York Strip Steak !! for a hard days work !!  compliments of the starveing parishineers !

How long must they wear those utterly outdated and ridiculous uniforms?

A GROUP OF #$%$"S" ELECTING THE KING #$%$"!!!!

Sometimes I wish that I didn't know that all this god stuff is such a deception.  Those catholics do inject a lot of colorful ritual into their thing.  Looks like a lot of fun.

Saint Michael the Archangel,defend us in battle.Be our protection against the wickedness and snares of the devil.May God rebuke him, we humbly pray;and do Thou, O Prince of the Heavenly Host,by the Divine Power of God,cast into hell Satan and all the evil spiritswho roam throughout the world seeking the ruin of souls.

Where in the bible is there a mention of a pope? Let alone the idea that he is the voice of God.

Yea........so what.....they are going to "elect" a new/different pedophile to run the catholic church....who cares!!!!!

Does Cardinal  Law preside over the passing out of children?.lets not be the judge,but i want us all,pope,pastor and church members,believer to pursue righteousness and follow it ,knowing that we are all seeking to make heaven and to make heaven is not by being pope or having any titleship,it is by your work,ways on earth.Jesus is coming very soon and heaven is reallllllll!

As far as i remember, the new pope doesn't have to be a cardinal or bishop or priest, it could be a church member with high morals and with a pure heart, once again the cardinals take this privelege  away from the parishineers, i call it greed for power !!

oh, it's time to elect a new leader for the child molesters society.

Those little red hats are just precious.

Manchester NJ loaded with psychopaths, like, Roberta j pick, Karen kulha, Paul kulha, Beverly kulha, mother #$%$, steal pills, money and what aint bolted down.

Getting ready to elect the new ultimate "mafia" boss basically.

All those men of the church in a room with no one under the age of 13?Surely they will go insane in a matter of hours.

Just stupid people believe show offs!

Wow, so many negative comments.If you are not Catholic, then don't read the story.If you have no religious beliefs, do not click on a story about religious beliefs and traditions.If you hate all Priests for the sins that a few committed, that shows your ignorance.Keep your hatred to yourself, so tired of your tirades.

WHAT IS THIS MAN SAYINGLatin America, which includes the Phillipines Islands have most Catholics, yet Europe has the most cardinals (Italy having the most) which make it nothing more than a grab for fundamentalist dogmatic power.Latin America should break away from the Church of and at Rome and elect their own pope if the Church is to continue to exist in the Americas.

WHO CARES?  Aren't we past all this?  Who really believes in all this make-believe any more?

Do you think JC wore one of those funny hats?  Wonder if he ever had a pair of those red shoes or one of those golden staffs.

The pope's two horned mitre hat comes from Dagon, the fish God. The top resembles an open fish mouth. Dagon is the fish God of of the Philistines and Babylonians.If the pope wears this hat ceremoniously, he is a sinner, and a blasphemer.Exodus 20:3 "Thou shalt have no other gods before me."Proper Catholics and Christians are being deceived by their own belief system. They have no room to point fingers and call others sinners.

HI

to bad the Germanys or Spain or England or Italy. Italy and Germany love the jew, lol  happy holocaust, fake , hope not, bring a new holocaust on the narcissistic #$%$ jew.

The meek will inherit the earth, the spiritually will inherit the knowledge.

Who cares who they choose.......just because someone's a "pope" doesnt make him any better than a hardworking citizen just minding their own business. And yes I only clicked on this article just to say that

old days the church issued the order to kill the narcissistic greedy self serving money scamming jews, o to long for the good old days.

OUR GOD ALLOWED  OUR PREACHERS TO MARRY like every one else Marriage is one time in a life time tell it to your childrenForget the conclave, I want a pope combine. Let's get some 40 times and some 3 choirboy shuttle drills.  Who has the biggest hands?

yesterday 3 busses full of boy scouts and a truck delivering ky jelly were spoted in the back of the vatican

may God bless you Papa

My vote is for Father Murphy from Wisconsin.

What a silly looking bunch !

The church should pay taxes! That will beef up and save the economy!

priests are f*a*g*s

New pope should allow priests to marry, and put end to stupid celibacy rule that makes no sense, and creates freaks.How can a priest advise/preach on a matters of marriage, fidelity, parenthood, and other family affairs if he has no personal experience himself???..

So silly.  I thought the pope was chosen by god?  You'd think if it was all so "inspired by" there wouldn't be so much politics involved.... but that's just me.

hurry up and get it over with... it's not rocket science... just get another old geezer to fill the spot until he's infirm or just croaks.... it's becoming pagentry for old men...Sarah Silverman Sell the Vatican, Feed the world.

Its not fair to just let the cardinals vote, they have there favorites, they are not all pure !!

What a farce.  Religion and especially the Catholic religion is DEAD!!  There is absolutely no connection between any religion and GOD.  Religion is a perversion of the goodness of God and was created and is perpetuated by man.  In the case of Catholics and Muslims evil men!

Nice photo. I kept saying AAAHHHHHHHHHH!

The church has been always in trouble one way or another during it's 2000 years of history.The middle age church was a troubled church, especial during the time when the kings and queens of Europe were asserting their power over the church and the Pope's authority over them.The Pope Urban the II, the first crusade pope, and the one who instituted the Roman Curia, or royal court of the Vatican, the administrators to run the central power of the church, was the one who throughpolitical means to maintain the his power and the power of the church in Europe came up with the concept of  Holy war, or the crusades to take over Jerusalem from the Muslims and Saladin it's leader.This political maneuvering by Pope Urban the II created a diversion for the royal houses in Europe to engage themselves by obligation and by their sense of having direct orders from God and the knowledge of there need to satisfy the greed for wealth and power and use this excuse to invade  Jerusalem.  There had been for the longest time a peace sustained in Jerusalem by the Muslim's whom controlled it, by allowing the different religions that being Judaic and Christian, or the Muslim’s to enter freely and have religious freedom. This was broken by Pope Urban the II need to keep the power of the church in Europe and also the need to fill its coffers with the gold from its sister church in Byzantium, the riches christian church at that time and a thread the Roman catholic church, the Orthodox Christian church.The hell unsealed by this Pope is still the hell that most of the middle east has been in for the  longest time .The Blood of millions that has been spilled and is still being spilled has its origins in this one ungodly act by this Pope Urban II.  The need of one over the need of many.I could keep going on with more samples of why a man made religion can be so negative and destructive to so many.If this and other churches do not embrace a more humble and more humanistic and spiritual destiny, it will, or they will never be able to connect with a majority that is demanding a more transparent and a more open church able to go back to its beginnings and the teachings of Jesus and his original words of love to us all.  When I say its beginnings, its not about going backwards, but to use his common sense attitude towards our daily life by living in peace with ourselves, so that we can live in peace with others.

I personally dont like the pope only because he has so many followers who bow down and kiss his ring. That is a sign of worship and and loyalty. The man upstairs is a very jealous god . Also the pope is too involved with the conspiracy of trying to hide what really goes on behind closed doors. I just dont like the pope in general.

hail mary will send you to the burning pit

By the way, why are you people so much interested in the Catholic Church, Pls you people and the media should try and dig out the abuses in other churches and religions as well , why not try Islam and learn the lesson of your life u prtenders and cowards

ok

Most glorious Prince of the Heavenly Armies, Saint Michael the Archangel, defend us in "our battle against principalities and powers, against the rulers of this world of darkness, against the spirits of wickedness in the high placesMAKE SURE HE DOESNT HAVE AN OBSSESSION FOR LIL BOYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!    THE CATHOLIC CHURCH IS FULL OF HOMOS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

i want to dress up like a schoolgirl and be tied up and molested by these guys

No hurry to get the next perv in the Hot Seat!!!!Don't get this Poope business.  Too old and too shadey.

To bad they didn't cover the the child abuse going on inside the Catholic Church the way they covered a PA. football coaches from the 80's.  I don't care what you say, children abused, the poor being taken advantage of and this Church doesn't do or say anything about it is an absolute disgrace.  People pray to god on Sunday, preach fear, promote hate and applaud bigotry towards your fellow man on Monday.  Try actually reading the bible before you try getting closer to god.  Then ask yourself, "WWJD?"  The good thing about you wicked people of the world,  you know who you are; you'r the ones who judge a person on the color of their skin, how much money they make, where they live, who they marry and who they may choose to pray to, the lord see's right into your heart, behind the smile, the fake demeanor, straight to the black ugliness of your heart!  May GOD have mercy on your souls.

Hey Father O'Malley, wipe that poop off your one eyed bishop!

catholic haters you will die hating without peace of mind...hahahaha

My bet it it Cardinal Omalley from Boston.He is the reformist they looking for that will be new school instead of old school.

WHY does the media, and the world focus on this event? WATCH or READ ABOUT the abuses and cover-up : 2 documentaries: ALASKA: THE PEDOPHILE'S PARADISE andDELIVER US FROM EVIL:BETRAYAL OF INNOCENCE. The abuse and cover up by the church is beyond heinous.

peter from ghana wins--- time traveler

Why does the Arizona NFL team get to pick a new pope? Did they trade their first-round draft pick to the Saints?Jedi council sat together

Q: What does the Pope say to young boys at communion?A: You can't squeal on me with your mouth full, can you!

these b*u*t*t pirate priests will pay for the children who they molested.

Bishop Conley warns against ‘dangerous’ Colorado civil unions bill that passed today, meanwhile he's down at the gloryhole sucking BBC.

All these are just views,if they do sex,while they always swear in public that they will remain faithful to God,church and the saints then they face not only the judgement of God but the lies and unfaithfulness.they believe in the mercy and grace of GOD,They are experts in making the world to believe in their sophisticate and deep  PHILOSOPHY,good in making LIES as if is true,and the TRUTH becomes lie,but it God who will judge.

May the Almighty Father help us get amore responsible and careful pontiff, amen

i think they may be getting rid of evidence

THE CONCLAVE OF PEDOPHILIA THAT WHAT IT IS..

guess they are looking real hard for another Chili Mo Pope.

I bet they're (the Cardinals) are in there partying it up."Vatican insiders say Scola, who has managed two big Italian dioceses, might be best placed to understand the Byzantine politics of the Vatican administration"  What does "Byzantine Politics" suppose to mean? Evil, Corrupted? I'm Orthodox Christian, The head of my Church is the Patriarch of Constantinople, Constantinople is my spiritual Capital and Byzantine is the legacy I uphold. If the author thinks of putting ironical statements like that into his article he might as well get a career as a comedian and resign the article business cuz it really isn't funny nor amusing. Agni Parthene kai Hristos Eleison

By the time all those geezers shuffle in there; the days half over!

#$%$/k the pope!#$%$/k the catholic mafia!!!

I am Jewish so, I dont know a whole lot about this but, it would seem to me that a new pope should have been elected the day after the old one said "Im done."  You had a rare chance to do that since a pope is elected for life.  The previous pope chose retirement.

Oh it's so greatThe largest gathering of pedophiles in history, that people hand their money to(at least 10% please), they have tax free status, they probably sleep in a bed of money each night with their little boys.Biggest scam in history.

I thought it meant there would be a black pope.

And still, scola is my best man to choose a future pope

“Woe to YOU, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! because YOU resemble whitewashed graves, which outwardly indeed appear beautiful but inside are full of dead men’s bones and of every sort of uncleanness.

talk about blowing smoke up your a@@

my vote is for Tony Larussa. he's an old Cardinal. . . .they will be holding something alright before retiring for the evening lol  a blow up boy doll

when we see the white smoke little boys run for the hills lol

Because choosing a new pope is SO IMPORTANT!-said no one with an inkling of common sense...

Secularism, education, and more people using logic and their ability to reason cannot be stopped.  Every country in the world is becoming more and more secular every year, all religions are in the process of being expossed as hoaxes, a big ponzi scheme if you will.  Within the next 100 years there will be very few religious followers left.  Dissagree if you want, but this is happening, hundreds of independant studies all over the world are all showing the same thing.  And the world will be a much much better place becasue of it.  Look at the most secular contries in the world, they have the lowest crime rates, highest literacy rates, lowest teen pregnancy rates, etc, etc, etc.  We do NOT need a god to be moral, this has been proven time and time again.  Friedrich Nietzsche even proved this in the late 1800's.It is absolutely mindboggling that people still believe in these nonsensical belief systems, or still allow themselves to be fooled by them.  Religions are nothing more than a money making operation, no different than Wal-Mart.  There is many hundreds of millions of dollars given to "god" every Sunday across the world, this is enough money to see actual change in the world every week, yet we see nothing.  The occasional church trip to paint an old ladies house doesn't even come close to adding up.  "God" is a multi Billion dollar industry every month.  ONE week's worth would be enough to put a mosquito net over every child in countries that are ravaged by malaria.  Malaria is the number 1 killer in the world, hundreds die every day from it.  Does this god person not care about this?  And the resourses are there, one week's worth......Believe in "a" god if you want, that cannot be disproven.  However, all of the gods and religions that mankind has ever believed in or believes in today has been proven to be false."We are all atheists about most of the gods that humanity has ever believed in.  Some of us just go one god further." - DawkinsIt is time us humans took responsibility for ourselves and for our fellow man, because there is not a magical man in the sky that is goin to do it for us.

Well, here we go again, with nasty, dirty comments from so many who must have gone to mind reading school to just know everything. Pedophiles and pedophile enablers are in every walk of life, one of the biggest ever was in another religion. Why so many think it is only in the Catholic Church is because of the hipe from the media. I guess these people can't think for themselfs. They cut down tradition, cut down the churchs wealth and art, which is for all of humanity, they just know the RCC has never helped anyone. They are foolish people who just think they know. 6 billion was just given by RCC in the US to help with storm sandy. The Church has done much to help always. By the way, they gave us our Bible.Why so much about RCC. Because it is one church with billion or so people, easy to spot. Who would be interested, like the media, to find out about one other here and there. That would not be a juicy story would it?Jesus, started this Church and is not going anywhere, He said so and He is right. He never said all would be perfect as all of us have free will. There are bad apples in every walk of life. All comments are ok except when they are fility. Then you become evil. Jesus said "If they hate me they will hate you." to the 12 and so it is in todays world.

Why it gotta be black, doe?

who will be passing out the soap?

I thought people could only see in jail that many sex offenders together.

pope benedict will make a special guest appearance wishing them luck

let catholic clergy get married.  that will get normal people entering the priesthood.It is my belief that any church on this planet that has at its core the doctrine that it is the only way to salvation is a false religion.

Conspiracy theorist have stated some dude name peter the roman may be elected as the last pope before the tribulation..maybe his name will not be "peter" but there would be some link to roman or some stuff like that.

Why is this on top news?? Who cares about the new pope..

They call it the Vatican City in Rome. In the U.S. they call them Cult Compounds and Militia Group Compounds. Mafia inside their own walls and government. Going to pick a new pope and all the ones under him seemingly are called their poopiness since they all seem to like little boys. Plus the staff has to take an oath? For what? So they don't tell the world when they molest little boys or have an affair with a nun? So much illegal stuff going on there you would think they took the book of rules straight from Washington D.C.

SAINT MICHAEL,+++CRUSH satan beneath our feet, that he may no longer retain men captive and do injury to the Church.+++

This parade of hypocracy and deciet continues with a new pope.  Until these monsters aknowledge that Mary was the one chosen to lead and the first to see Jesus rise from his tomb and not Peter the traitor and Roman token, the problems in the church will be worse and worse...  Building your house upon sand... FOOLS and BIGOTS. They call you flock because like lamb to the slaughter you follow them right into their pit of lies and hate and call it MASS!!!

WHO CARES!!!!!!!!!!!

Oh how exciting! NOT!

What a horrible article... The author apparently wants readers to have the impression that sexual abuse and materialism doesn't happen in any other church in the world. Even in the Church gave away every cent we had, it wouldn't even begin to solve the world's poverty. And our Church might seem troubled to some, because it is NOT our Church- it is God's Church. We are merely the custodians of it, and no Pontiff is ever going to change the focus or direction of the Catholic Church. The end.

Translation: Good ole boys heading to Bushwood, to vote in the next CEO!Takes time to find out who is the best manipulative pedophile.......

The circus at the vatican. Another "greatest show on earth" i am a "catholic" and i do not give a rat's furry axx about who is and who won't be. It shall be another depraved , pedophyle , homosexual , specialized in squeezing more money out of the poor. The vatican make hundreds of millions of blatant blackmail. He/she will cover up what ever it is that needs to be hidden or concealed. When i want to talk to the lord i go to church and never to some guy that may very well be a worst sinner than i am.

i wounder if the old pope votes ?  he was  a cardinal and i thought all cardinals even if there retired can vote !!!!

IT IS MUCH MORE TROUBLING THAT THE WORLD WAS SILENT WHEN SOVIET TERROR WAS MOST DESTRUCTIVE AGAINST SLAVIC CHRISTIANS.LET'S NOT FORGET AND THANK GOD FOR THE POLISH POPE WHO WITNESSED EVIL, AND DID UNIVERSALLY RALLIED THE WORLD..FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEGene Fisch, Author and PublisherName of Organization: G STO LAT Publishing CompanyPMB 246-201 West Genesse StreetFayetteville,New York 13066315-214-3915Gene Fisch, author and publisher of the new book, “All Love Comes Home- A Promise of Truth” invites all to VIEW  websites  on the deliberate mass murder of 22 million civilians in central and eastern Europe  preceding and  during WWII, including the Soviet Great Terror prior to WWII.. He begins from the observation that POLAND and Eastern Borderlands were engaged in a Thirty year War which took place at the sites of  Soviet policies of mass killing, and asks what we can learn from Poland’s  juxtaposition  between German expansionism by deaths by massive military means, and about Soviet Union’s expansionism by means of civil strife, terror, and killings en masse of innocent citizenry;  about the evil  nature of Communism, and about the shape of the history of the twentieth century and is sustained to this day.Book's historical revelations is about  of the World War II Slavic/Christian community’s endurance of treachery and subjugation prior to 1939 and during the oppressive years under Nazi and Communist governmentsThe book is and attempts to set the record straight, deliver to the world the honest truth of what the Slavic Christian community endured on their beautiful lands, and tell the stories of the real people who suffered during these times, yet endured. The book hopes to restore integrity to that which the world may not know, but knows now, and G.Sto Lat Publishing Co. provides an ethnic platform for those voices to be heard.It is must be noted that Publisher G.Sto Lat Publishing Co.is about the values that we cherish here in America:  inclusion, respect for others,and a strong and abiding faith in the worth of every individual that gives a voice to our sense of history and to the redemptive power of truth and love of life. Indeed, the strength of “ALL LOVE COMES HOME—A Promise Of Truth” comes from our belief that diversity of thought and truth enriches us all, and enhances the human and educational values of our younger generation at its core belief.More information may be found on  ALL LOVE COMES HOME  , A Promise Of Truth By Gene Fisch may be purchased:AmazonE Commerce websitesEugenefischGeneFischStory   pendingGmstolatPrepared by:___G Sto Lat Publishing Co.__________________________________________Name of Author and Publisher: Gene FischTitle: All Love Comes Home-A Promise of TruthContact Numbers:   315-214-3915Date:March 5, 2013Time:_AM March 12, 2013

Prayer against every evil :!!!"Saint Michael the Archangel,defend us in battle.Be our protection against the wickedness and snares of the devil.May God rebuke him, we humbly pray;and do Thou, O Prince of the Heavenly Host,by the Divine Power of God,cast into hell Satan and all the evil spiritswho roam throughout the world seeking the ruin of souls."!!!

history will happen today  the first black man pope  will come from ghanathe first united nation  sec gen black man come from ghana  bcs ghana is center of the world from eric ansong

Why are the cardinals going? isn't it close to spring training time?  #$%$??? taking a vacation??

the new Pope better be strong and crush the stinking bias media that has been stalking the Church for a while now

What should you do if you find an Atheist? ... Atheists think they have it all figured out... but then why are they always so sad?  If you find an Atheist in your neighborhood, TELL A PARENT OR PASTOR RIGHT AWAY!  You may be moved to try and witness to these poor lost yourself, however AVOID TALKING TO THEM!  Atheists are often very grumpy and bitter and will lash out at children or they may even try to trick you into neglecting God's Word.  Very advanced witnessing techniques are needed for these grouches.  Let the adults and pastors handle them.

Nothing brings out the nut cases like religion!Just try to do good while you live; screw the afterlife.  In some versions enough post-mortem prayer and money can get your (purported) soul anywhere!I wish the current pope would hold a presser and say, "I just talked to god and he told me he wants the Filipino guy."

your roman church--openely admits that they are responsible 500 million christons deaths---now tell me how godley your popes are.

Need a man with guts that understands and is willing to stand up for womens rights . Someone who can bring the Church into the current Century by admitting 90% of Catholics  use birth control and stop all the Hiypocracy.

they need some sunglasses and shotguns and their robes woould look less ghey

5.8 BILLION are not Catholic.

We need a pope who can help continue our legacy as catholic christians through our kids(a pope who has experience with teaching kids of the lord) or a pope that can clean up the dirt in our troubled church (not just catholics but all christians) or..... Why not BOTH!

Hey!!! Whose a da POPE?!?!?!

Well the Cardinals got rid od Benie Wells. Too bad, he would of been a good pope!

O Mary, conceived without sin, pray for us who have recourse to you, and for all who do not have recourse to you, especially the enemies of the Church and those recommended to you. Amen.

I find it frightening that people still believe in this stuff in the 21st century.nobody on this earth dislikes OPRAH, more than me,that being said,she did a show on pedophiles had 3 psychiatrists and psycologists on her show,all 3 said they believe whole heartedly that these child predators cannot be rehabilitated, do you understand what that means,talk about useless eaters,no they should be hung,they are breathing air that goes into the lungs of their prey,this world will not heal until all people who prey on our children are GONE,THEY ARE IN THE WRONG DIMENSION,THEY ARE SATAN'S PAWNS

Yawn...........

Cult = religion = Cult

Let nothing disturb you,Let nothing frighten you,All things are passing;God only is changeless.Patience gains all things.Who has God wants nothing.God alone suffices.

Ok

who really cares ? Religion is a foolish con game..

quit polluting. nobody cares.

If the Vatican wants to send a clear and "unified" message, elect a Pope with the first vote. One that will draw a line in the sand, you abuse a child, you are banished from the Priesthood.

A phony dog and pony show perpetrated on gullible believers by a tribe of  pedophiles who are pure evil from the tips if their horns to the bottoms of their cloven hooves.

Most glorious Prince of the Heavenly Armies, Saint Michael the Archangel, defend us in "our battle against principalities and powers, against the rulers of this world of darkness, against the spirits of wickedness in the high places" (Ephesians 6.12). Come to the assistance of men whom God has created to His likeness and whom He has redeemed at a great price from the tyranny of the devil. Holy Church venerates thee as her guardian and protector; to thee, the Lord has entrusted the souls of the redeemed to be led into heaven. Pray therefore the God of Peace to crush Satan beneath our feet, that he may no longer retain men captive and do injury to the Church. Offer our prayers to the Most High, that without delay they may draw His mercy down upon us; take hold of "the dragon, the old serpent, which is the devil and Satan", bind him that he may no longer seduce the nations" (Revelation 20.2).To me the elected pope should be similar to a Guru in hinduism                                               A true guru displays the following quality his very presence makes your senses silentt you are united with the universal spirit by his smile your pulses slow down, your thoughts disappear and all your questions are answered he brings silence in you and there is no great science or knowledge than his words or rememberance of him as remembering him would tie you to god he has command over nature his very presence would uplift every one no matter whatever you are i can go on endlessly have you seen any one like this to be elected if no dont waste your time you are cheating yourself and falling into a dark pit

Pretty soon we'll see Jerry Sandusky pop out with his costume on wearing little red shoes

This whole religious protocol is such #$%$ it make laugh at the ignorance of people when it come to religious leaders who's #$%$ stink just like everyone elses...DAMM FOOLS.

The papacy(pope) was invented by catholicism.  The early church, we read about in the book of Acts(in the New Testament) did not have a pope.  It had elders. Peter was a servant of our Lord Jesus, not a pope.

Thanks Obama.

God of heaven, God of earth, God of Angels, God of Archangels, God of Patriarchs, God of Prophets, God of Apostles, God of Martyrs, God of Confessors, God of Virgins, God who has power to give life after death and rest after work, because there is no other God than Thee and there can be no other, for Thou art the Creator of all things, visible and invisible, of whose reign there shall be no end, we humbly prostrate ourselves before Thy glorious Majesty and we beseech Thee to deliver us by Thy power from all the tyranny of the infernal spirits, from their snares, their lies and their furious wickedness; deign, O Lord, to grant us Thy powerful protection and to keep us safe and sound. We beseech Thee through Jesus Christ Our Lord. Amen.

They will need to finish by April 1.  Mike Matheny may not recover from his back injuryin time for opening day.

This is why the church is having trouble! No support from true Christians! Catholicism is based on the very foundations of christianity! The church needs all the prayer and support we can possibly give it, instead of blaming it for isolated incidents of criminals who use the title of Priest to achieve their crimes! Point your finger at Satan! Not the church! Satan will do his dangdest to try and destroy and attack the church. Don't let him win! Pray for the church and the new Pope in earnest.

They haven't ran out of Vaseline yet so of course they haven't chosen. Whoever has the biggest b(utt) hole wins.

Stupid Catholics....GET YOUR CHURCH OUT OF THE DARK AGES....allow the priests to marry.My God, I beg You to enlighten our understanding, to inflame our will, to purify our bodies, and to sanctify our souls.

Nothing but an old boys club raking in the dough from brainwashed people.  Follow God in your hearts and actions.   There is no church needed to stand in between.

I sure am glad my God - Jesus Christ and God himself will NEVER retire on me!

My God, make us realize the nothingness of this world, the greatness of heaven, the shortness of time, and the length of eternity.

Cardinals prepare to select a new POPE...So what? I'm more interesred in who the Cowboys are going to select in the draft. Please media stop forcing the Catholic BS in my face....especailly the Pope..just another man flawed and sinful like the rest of us....

Why does the RCC revere the apostles Peter and Paul, naming churches after them, yet they refuse to revere and obey much of what Peter and Paul teach in their epistles?  Catholics would be stunned to discover all that these two apostles teach - and all that Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John teach.  These teachings are eternal life-giving commands that must be obeyed to "stand" at Judgment.

First off I am not anti church, but this is nothing more than a way to turn our heads from the real problem. Great PR work.

Religion "The accepted insanity"

My dearest Jesus, teach me to be patient, when all day long my heart is troubled by little, but troublesome crosses.

It is an interesting coincidence that this conclave begins on the same day as NFL Free Agency!I think that we need to start taxing all religious organisations, and also do away with tax deductions for religious orgnitions. These are corporations, run like corporation, and not for the benefit of children or people for that matter. Look at all the school closing in the US...all the cover ups...all at the expense of children.  There is no God in todays church.

reaally this is taken as history before

If you think the Catholic Church has big problems..just look around some more, and you will find the REAL problems.

The new pope should worry about poverty, rise in sexual abuse, materialism etc but should never bother himself about the rise of Islam or else he will be igniting a war which the Vatican will not be able to contain. This news has already put ISLAM on the red alert.

the cath-o-lick cult needs a leader that will purge the criminals - not protect them -dont hold your fkg breath - the first commandment of the cult makes the rules -"OMEERTA"- silence till death - one way or another -where do you think the mafia learned this very effective "corporate tool"they got it form the catho-lick cult - they learned from the best2000 years of success dont lie - but the church does !

Sweet brown said it best, "aint nobody got time for that!"

God's guidiance can never fail. we put too much sentiment in what we do in the church today. In Africa we use to say that the fire-wood that brings smoke is removed from the fire place. in analogy, those who want to stain the image of the church should be excommunicated without puting too much sentiment.

CHAGUENI POPO MZURI

Not from Europe again. They always turn on a blind eye on "things."

Zzzzzzzzzzzzzz....zzzzzzzzzzzzz"god would inspire them to choose the right man"I guess the cath-o-lick cult goZd havent been participating in the selection of priests/bishops/cardinals/popes for quite a while -[2000 years]-or the cath-o-lick cult godZ have a really sick sense of humor

Wow, they let us know by literally blowing smoke...

i think if the younger once can be given a chance to be on that seat as pope it wil be very good than all this old men

Who said the church is in trouble.   With over 1.1 billion members world wide I don't see how were in trouble.  The only real trouble is the trampleing on the connstitution by a commie goverment here in Amereica.

OOHH, I can hardly wait!! Another fairy tale brought to life!! Pretty robes, colorful hats!! Wine and toast, incense. Stories, songs. Just think of it as getting a new Easter Bunny, Santa, or Tooth Fairy!! Just don't leave your little boy alone there. Wonder why you don't hear so much about little girls being raped by the priests?

How come the Pope candidate does not spend millions of dollars to get elected like Obama...

Most religious Americans are cafeteria believers. Things like the Vatican are archaic. Many Catholic women are on birth control, men wear condoms, and rarely go to church save for Easter and Christmas. Nobody needs the Vatican. Nobody even needs religion.

My Vote goes to Odilo Scherer, from Brazil, who has been guiding the largest Diocesis, Sao Paulo..., who were a Tanga when celebrating Mass and dances, emmascaraded, during the Rio's Carnival.

Prayer against every evil below:!!!"Saint Michael the Archangel,defend us in battle.Be our protection against the wickedness and snares of the devil.May God rebuke him, we humbly pray;and do Thou, O Prince of the Heavenly Host,by the Divine Power of God,cast into hell Satan and all the evil spiritswho roam throughout the world seeking the ruin of souls."!!!

For many centuries the RCC taught that the pope is infallible and Catholics dutifully defended his infallibility.  Now, when the pope is obviously complicit in the cover-up and protection of child-rapists, poor Catholics, confused and desperate to defend the church they happened to be born into, resort to saying...."Well, the pope is only human, you know...."Prayer for those below, who is mentaly sick :Almighty and Everlasting God, the eternal salvation of those who believe in You, hear us on behalf of Your servants who are sick, for whom we humbly beg the help of your mercy, so that, being restored to health, they may render thanks to you in your Church. Through Christ our Lord. Amen

hope they find someone who doesnt like boys

plain and simple  BIBLE CLASS 101 do what it says nothing less nothing more

The black smoke: they burning a sacrificial goat.

What is the procedure of being a cardinal

The Cardinals need a new head coach and a few new quarterbacks. without those, even a Pope wont be able to help them! Let's not put the pope before the coach people. :)

Stand against tyranny. Stand against oppression. Stand against Imperialism. Sharia law is the solution to all. A complete Quranic state

To all my brothers and sisters, do not be afraid of pope and his cruelty. Stand by Islam..proceed to implement Sharia law all over world..Allah will grant to paradise

The Catholic church owns more property than anyone could ever imagine, and we will never know, because they wont be audited.  Even they don't know.  I am catholic, sell some of these houses, and mansions, and give the proceeds to the poor.

Let's all hope they elect Barack Obama for pope. The New Age Messiah!Oh, what fresh hell is this? Seriously? Black smoke signals and red-hatted princes of the church?!? What a joke this organization has become. They are nothing more than a patriarchal society of mysoginistic perverts and pedophiles who use the money donated by fools to live a rich, luxurious lifestyle, all in the name of God. How repulsive these people are, and the morons who support them.

And the #$%$ convention begins.

What a freak show this is. I heear they are going to celebrate with a field trip to the boy scouts camp

Divine Sharia law all over the world can solve all problems

So exciting since American idol has become passé. Yahoo provides again!

In a secret conclave, steeped in ritual and prayer, the cardinals began molesting hundreds of young alter boys, which could carry on for several days, with the cardinal molesting the most boys to succeed Pope Benedict.

A recent survey clearly revealed that 92% christians have lost their faith in Jesus and pope. They are in favour of implementing divine Shariah law in US. 95% England, 98% Europeans also want to me governed under Quranic state, where entire constitution is according to holy Quran. I think, seeing the results of the survey, new or old pope don;t matter..They are just normal human beings deceived by Satan. Now, christians want mosques built all over the world to pray to only one and real God - Allah.

Rev 12:1-7 And the dragon was wroth with the woman, and went to make war with the remnant of her seed, which keep the commandments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus Christ.

and I thought the Hajj was weird

Why does Slash from Guns-n-Roses insist on continuing to wear that silly, leather stove-pipe hat? He looks ridculous! He is such a clown!!  He needs to be stopped!!!Dear Catholic Church,  Stop trying to increase your religious base by opposing contraception and try caring for the wellbeing of the parishioners you already have!

being priest has no reputation and has a terrible place in society. Everyone looks at them as child molesters.

all criminals

lets have a black pope for a change

May the good lord guide them through the election of our new pope

As an  african i wish the new pope to concetrate with the bible teachings not to follow what the world says.

Mexican pope mexican pope mexican pope mexican pope mexican popecome on mexican pope!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

God lend the next pop

Let the Circus begin! It is 2013 and believe it or not about 50% or something like150 million Americans right in this moment believe that the planet earth is only 6000 years old. If an ancient book can screw your brain like that for sure this evil sadistic religious gang can screw your wife, your children or anybody they feel like. Go down on your knees, bow and obey them, kiss their pedophile hands and fear Sky daddy in the sky. Be one indoctrinated slave and give them all your money before you die. In the end of the day this is democracy feel free to be screwed.

Gee, I can hardly wait to see who will be the new CEO of Religions-R-Us.The new pope should bring the catholic to a new horizon where human rights is properly respected. A pope who embodied a true catholic, whose heart and soul is purely dedicated in changing the world and promoting equality to each and every human.

Another distortion of the true word of G-D!  Arbitrary Dictum!

This is taking longer than Lebron James and "The Decision"

it will be a pure white

The Catholic Church=Sham.

Cult...

This culture of sexual abuse has been going on for centuries and is only now in the forefront.  The new pope must put an absolute and definitive end to this if the Holy Catholic Church is to survive in our modern time. The church must confess and wash itself clean instead of giving refuge to criminals. Defrock instead of ex-communicating. Allow the violators to face criminal charges.   Those found guilty can spend their days in prison praying for forgiveness which is the cornerstone of the faith.

It;s A shame That These Clowns Don't Spend This Much Time Over Finding Out How To Stop Having Sex With Young Kids !!!

People are the problem. The theology, doctrine, and teachings of the church are a  gift of the holy spirit. A great soul can be skewed by the devil, just goes to show the power of the evil one. This is why we repent! Dr. Scott hahn, fr. Robert barron. Fr. Larry richard are a few people you can learn from before you impulsively hate on the church out of ignorance. Read up!

Any attempt to worship a man is wrong.The first order of whoever is appointed pope should be "ZERO TOLERANCE TO SEXUAL MISCONDUCT" within the leaders of the church or anyone there in position of authority .. FIRST OFFENSE IS KICKED OUT OF THE CHURCH AND PROCESSED BY THE LAW . TIME TO CLEAN THE HOUSE ...

Donating to this church does nothing for the poor, the sick or the elderly.  It only goes to build more lavish churches.

"Suffer the little children to come unto me." Said the Christ/Pope        Jesus, 2000 years ago. Plus the catholic church boasts male statues holding a child.  Is this some kind of a LEGACY, telling paedophiles that it is ok to take up a career as Pope? The catholic church with European Cardinals/Priests/popes/e.o is just a BREEDING GROUND for child preditors. To eradicate this, a non-European Cardinal with a DIFFERENT aspect towards children should be chosen this time.

They should elect the supreme knight of the kights of columbus as pope. You idiots didnt even figure out he's calling the catholic shots anyway. K of c like little boys.

Well if I see a mushroom cloud,  I'd say things inside are not going well.

I do not know the job details of a pope exactly but as a senior father. What are his tasks really?

Excuse me, but what are "prophesies"?

vatican= harlot of the book of Revelation.

Wow, they sure sealed the file on Benedict, excuse me, Mr. Ratzinger, and sent him on his merry way like Nixon. Never to be heard from again. Really makes you wonder what his file looks like.

@ Scar,Neither the pope nor the king can be of any benefit to human being, and ONLY one and Only GOD is the only help for the human being,Holy OLD Testament says:[10-18] Samuel warns the nation of the responsibilities of having a king.So Samuel told all the words of the Lord to the people who asked him for a king.And he [Prophet Samuel] said, “This will be the behavior of the king who will reign over you: 1- He will take your sons and appoint them for his own chariots and to be his horsemen, and some will run before his chariots.2- He [the king] will appoint captains over his thousands and captains over his fifties, will set some to plow his ground and reap his harvest, and some to make his weapons of war and equipment for his chariots.3- He will take your daughters to be perfumers, cooks, and bakers.And he will take the best of your fields, your vineyards, and your olive groves, and give them to his servants.4- He will take a tenth of your grain and your vintage, and give it to his officers and servants. 5- And he will take your male servants, your female servants, your finest young men, and your donkeys, and put them to his work.6- He will take a tenth of your sheep. And you will be his servants.7- And you will cry out in that day because of your king whom you have chosen for yourselves, and the Lord will not hear you in that day.”Prayer for some of you, below, who is mentaly sick :Almighty and Everlasting God, the eternal salvation of those who believe in You, hear us on behalf of Your servants who are sick, for whom we humbly beg the help of your mercy, so that, being restored to health, they may render thanks to you in your Church. Through Christ our Lord. Amen

Oh my this is my favorite ........ oh oh it is god's will..............I had two sons murdered so if it was god's will then,  the person who killed them had no free will, which these idiots also claim to have .......Go figure......Like a wise man once said   "I do not believe in god,  but I am scared to death of her"

is there a contest who has touched the most boys?

@johnbaal oh, you went to d phillipines and you didd pedophile there ha!

What kind of God would allow men who supposedly represent him to take advantage of that position to sexually abuse young children?  It's obvious, no god would because there is no god.

!!!"Saint Michael the Archangel,defend us in battle.Be our protection against the wickedness and snares of the devil.May God rebuke him, we humbly pray;and do Thou, O Prince of the Heavenly Host,by the Divine Power of God,cast into hell Satan and all the evil spiritswho roam throughout the world seeking the ruin of souls."!!!

Do you not mean princesses of the church

A new Pontif should follow the foot step of Christ and organise, settle and lead us to make Heaven in Jesus Name, Amen.

Hopefully, this arachic church will pray to find a leader who will lead them into the 21st century?

They will never pick a black or Latino pope, so get ready for the Italians...@John Baal you liar. Maybe u went to d Philippines ad u did such thing pedophile.

This time we want an African Pope. We are praying hard for this "miracle".

Benedict saw the boat sinking! he grabbed all the safe gear and jump in a safe boat and began to row away, while the rest of the vatican panics for not having a safety boat and begins to sink! while benedict is far away rowing away from the sinking boat with a big smile!

Why would they care about secularism? I thought secularism was essentially the separation of church and state? I mean, you can still practice your religion, but keep it out of governments. What's the big deal?

There are less then 850 million catholics, not 1.2 million.

Whoever the new pope is, I hope that he may protect and serve all of gods children though prayer and proper guidance.  Its true that the molestation of children has stained the reputation of the church and I hope that he does everything in his power help the victims and deal with this curse once and for all.  I just hope that he takes a tough stance in order for the people to once again have faith in god and all those who serve him.

The anti christ is about to show himself

The one that emerges as pope will be the one with the strongest reptilian entity tied to him.

why cant a black be the pope no matter what.lol

I will still choose Angelo scola as the new popeReuters anti-Catholic.

Reuters anti-Catholic.

Why are you deleting my comments? Cause REUTERS  U LIKE ANTI-CATHOLICS COMMENTS ONLY?

Reuters anti-Catholic.

The Vatican is the corporate headquarters for the Catholic business.  No different than Mc Donalds.  It's just a business disguised as a religion.

Reuters anti-Catholic.

i hope i win

every religion is false.  its just religion.  religion is just another way for the few to rule the many.

All those cardinals in one place. Just imagine what one could accomplish with a cruise missile?

we need an African pope this time.blah blah blah blah. just pick another pethophile #$%$ packer and shut the hell up.

please respect the word "pope" 'it is a sacred name.

It's kinda scary that 1.2 billion people are still Catholic.

More child molesters everyday!

The real problem with the Catholic Church is that they didn't and don't allow married priests. How many normal men, Christian, Catholic, or otherwise, are willing to live without sex their entire lives? Those willing to live without normal sex are more likely to be not normal, which explains why the Catholic priests may be more likely to molest children than married pastors in other churches. Worse, since so few men are willing to take the vow of chastity, the church is hard up for priests. When they have a bad one, they can't afford to let him go because they have no one to replace him with, so they turn a blind eye, tell him to behave himself and send him to another parish.It is an institutional problem.  It will be hard to find any cardinal who is innocent of the crime of turning a blind eye to sexual abuses. Moreover, the problem is not going to go away until they do something about the basic cause of the problem of having too few normal priests and too many perverts. They need to allow priests to be married.

"Troubled"?  Another insidious and ridiculous title by a troubled media seeking to waste your life that chooses to pump up imperfections in the hope of selling their poorly researched 1/1000th truths.  Can the media name any other organization that over the centuries has even remotely come close to helping so many millions of impoverished, starving, orphaned, sick, oppressed, handicapped, marginalized, dying?  I'm convinced that without the Catholic Church we would have all died many decades ago.

They've decided this year to have the Vienna Boys Choir join them for a few days of celebration.

Nothing more than continuing to perpetuate the world's most corrupt money grab !  I would have thought electing a former nazi as -poop last time reached the heights, but I could be wrong.!

We are all pilgrims on the path of love.

What the intelligentzia are missing is that any NATO member country may veto the selection, which is why I think the South Americans will not win, as they will be vetoed by Italy so that Scola can get in.Wan't sommee cannddyyy?

You say the cardinals have "no clear favorites"... certainly not! They are only agents of the Holy Spirit!

i can only say this.worship God and do what is right, as for priests, pastors,churches, they have failed since 20th century,

omg omg omg omg omg, who will it be?!?!? who will be the next Pedophile Overseer of Pedophiles Everlasting????? omg omg omg omg omg.........i bet it will be...................a pedophile.

While I am not Catholic, I have much respect for the institution of the Catholic Church.  I am concerned that the more socially liberal-minded Cardinals, who represent more socially-minded congregants, will eventually take the Church so far away from its traditions and Biblically-based stands on issues that it will no longer actaully be the Roman Catholic Church but something more along the lines of the "American Catholic Church."

Who really cares?

so who's going to hide the pedophiles from the law next...  don't call that cult catholic please... they aren't "common"  they are a split off from the orthodox church, and they refused to reform 500years ago, and still don't want to return to the bible ...

The Poop is a nincompope.

I think the top two are Turkson (Ghana) and Ouellet (Quebec).  I think Arinze is too old for serious consideration - he's already 80.  Turkson would help expand the church in Africa and likely gain converts from the muslims.   Ouellet seems in line with Ratzinger and JPII, and is mentioned in every story so his PR is good.  Those are the two who seem most likely to me.

pedos will continue to protect pedos so that they can keep being pedos themselvesthey like having power over such small weaker beingsI hope and pray that Cardinal Timothy Dolan is elected Pope.  He will be God's weapon of war.  We will have seen the hand of God move and it will be history in the making.I hope this makes Obama nervous.

Jeez, can we lay off the lazy 'child molester' jokes? I'm not Catholic, but I can safely say that none of these Cardinals has even been accused of molesting children. Yes, there was lots of molesting going on, but eventually those men were fired, and most of the enablers demoted. Calling someone a child molester is a horrifically serious allegation, and it is disgraceful to level that charge lightly.

Soo who can we find to get up in the morning put on a stupid hat, walk to the window and raise his hands? Hmm oh and dont forget they have to be able to update a twitter feed aswell. Hmm this is a tough one...

How long is mankind allowing this hypocrisy to continue. All men, men, men to claim they are the stand in of some fairy tale white bearded man somewhere up there in the clouds. As Einsten said: "Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I am not sure about the former."

Cardinals, may God almighty himself guide you  in selecting a  new Pope in few days.

anyone that follows any religion or thinks any god is real must be destroyed for the betterment of mankind

If they claim Peter as the first pope then why don't they preach what he preached in Acts the second chapter. Read the first 13 verses and then read Peter's response in 14-40, especially 38-40.

"It is not enough to have great qualities; We should also have the management of them."Grow up boys, you're making your choice of religion look like a joke.

The Main question to be asked here is Why for the first time ever in History did He Resign. there is some thing more to it here.

Yes Cliff it was talking about adhering to the ROMAN CHURCH which is nothing more than a modern extension of the Old Pagan Roman Empire. The True Church went Again into hiding around 300 AD. from the face of the Beast Rev 12. When the Roman Empire took control of the church &amp; it became the State Religion of the Pagan Empire. ( Man's Government over man as opposed to God's Government over man ) The last recorded Beast in the Bible ( The Roman Empire ) where as After Justinian Restored the Old Pagan Roman Empire to All it's Former Glory 554 AD. All authority over it was given to the Pope. IT IS the RESURRECTED BEAST.HEY.... Where can I getta bigga hat like dose... LOL

god will help them. I know he will and you atheists can go to #$%$ hell.

It would be funny if the pointy hat was too big for the new pope, and slid down over his face.

may the force be with you...

article on the pope above "more science news"

buncha pedo fhagits in dresses reading religious nonsense

They're burning all their kiddie porn collections. It might take a while.

The clowns are having a barbecue ?

why such a tussle, a tug of war, such push and pull inside the church rivaled to succeed the Pope. Is it more for material gain less for spiritual than else where we note with other religions which christianity downgrades.I am worried whether such papal position is not for more physical gain -- I mean ' fleshy business' which we have noted within the enclave during papal tenure of office. Such religion has become scary -- it is well noted to be down the slope into the precipice of despair. Jesus would save : the rapists, pedophiles, war mongers, criminals and all christian defaulters if only they root faith in him. How absurb !!!!! meaning if we all convert to christianity, Hell would be under lock. So in other words criminality whether #$%$ is tolerated in christianity LONG LIVE CHRISTIANITY LONG LIVE #$%$ AS FAR AS SODOMY. The religion would save the believers

who is the new molester being selected pope?you sheeple are looking at your NEW WORLD ORDER RELIGION leaders

sad greedy old men who dont give a damn about their 'flock' elect another charlatan to cover up vast abuse and corruption.

Black smoke means no Black are allowed as pope is concerned.

I just love a good drag queen contest!!!

What a complete waste of time. Just because something has been done for thousands of years don't make it true. This pope stuff is just as bad as having a Queen that dose nothing but sit on her #$%$ and collect money. Someone tell me. How dose the Queen earn her living? And if the POPE has a direct line to this so called GOD, why isn't any of the millions of prayer not answered. Sorry, but the POPE and the Queen are both a waste of time and money.

The Catholic Church is indeed beset by woes. The attacks on it by its enemies, using the media and lawsuits, is moving forward. The saddest part of this is the support of the Protestant churches in trying to bring down the Church. They don't realize that after their victory they will fall like fruit from a tree. Then they will realize that the attack was on Christianity as they degrade into Goyim herd animals.

The unfolding end time drama is before us. The stage is set, the actor are on the stage, and the world is watching. Pray for the peace of Isreal !!

The sad thing in all of this is that there are still over a billion people out there that still think God helps to choose popes and the Catholic church still has his ear!  God hates the pope, God hates the Catholic religion!  Both are now just pure evil in my opinion!  I would never admit i was a Catholic anymore!  If you are, i guess you are ok with grown men having sex with your children.  Which makes you sickos!

if only they put this much effort into feeding , housing the poor and kept their dirty little hands off the kids , they would be a force for good . untill then its all a  vegas style show !  and 1 billion fools are tooned in  lol

Black smoke also signals that world's most pervert person isn't elected yet. lolIt is merely disgusting reading through all these posts from Athiests rejecting their very own creator!  The Bible says "But as for the cowardly, the faithless, the detestable, as for murderers, the sexually immoral, sorcerers, idolaters, and all liars, their portion will be in the lake that burns with fire and sulfur, which is the second death.”  Our society has become very immoral in tolerating the senseless murder of children and gay marriage.  Our society as a whole has to restructure our moral guidelines so we can be the best people we can be.

If you believe in any type God you have the IQ of one single Peanut.Guys don't believe, they just say they do so they can go down on the spousal unit

I detest that aura of holiness, they are just a bunch of sexual abusing-children !!!

how many carbon credits do they use up with all that smoke?

inie meanie mine mo

THERES NO HOPE N THE POPE

I used to dress up and make believe I was among fantasy creatures too. It still amazes me that after thousands of years, people are still believing in the catholic church and god.

Your children are safer today. A bunch of child molesters are in Rome picking a pope.

why do people worship God on the first day of the week when Christ rose from the grave? did not God rest on the seventh? did not Christ rest in the tomb on saturday?

what actually does the pope do?Don't abolish the papacy!!!!  If you do, then the only sexual deviants we can make fun of will be just the LGBT crowd.

Definitely have to hurry.  We don't want the world's larget child sex abuse ring to be without a leader.

I thought hard drives from computers gave off green smoke. what the Dealee?

Time to select the new ruler of the morons!

Your face is beset by woes

The 2 horns r not unity of churches. It represents a dual world power.the horns are atop a beast. T is the anglo-american world power. The7th mountain/ dominate world power.

Organized religion is for weak-minded people.

I vote for Sister Mary Charles Bronson.....Patron Saint of the Kick in the Nuts.

maybe they are burning all the semen soaked robes?

He did not say that "he was not strong enough to confront the Church's woes" ... you made that up out of whole cloth, a complete lie!  What he said was that the Church needed a younger man to fulfill the Petrine ministry (such as that of visiting countries worldwide, World Youth Day, and up on modern communications such as tweeting, etc..)  AFTERALL, what could you do at age 85??WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS ABOUT HOMOSEXUALITY1.	Leviticus 18:22 “Do not practice homosexuality, having sex with another man as with a woman. It is a detestable sin. Leviticus 18:21-23 (in Context) Leviticus 18 (Whole Chapter)2.	Leviticus 20:13 “If a man practices homosexuality, having sex with another man as with a woman, both men have committed a detestable act. They must both be put to death, for they are guilty of a capital offense. Leviticus 20:12-14 (in Context) Leviticus 20 (Whole Chapter)3.	1 Corinthians 6:9 Don’t you realize that those who do wrong will not inherit the Kingdom of God? Don’t fool yourselves. Those who indulge in sexual sin, or who worship idols, or commit adultery, or are male prostitutes, or practice homosexuality, 1 Corinthians 6:8-10 (in Context) 1 Corinthians 6 (Whole Chapter)4.   Timothy 1:10 The law is for people who are sexually immoral, or who practice homosexuality, or are slave traders, liars, promise breakers, or who do anything else that contradicts the wholesome teaching 1 Timothy 1:9-11 (in Context) 1 Timothy 1 (Whole Chapter)

The antichrist will be the final pope.

Yes poverty is at the peak in Africa most especially in west africa, the next pope should put it in mind as priority.

I am being totally facetious here, but if there first vote is going to be late this afternoon, then I am thinking that they are going to be sending their butlers out to the local Starbucks in Vatican City round the clock for coffee and donuts to keep them going in their discussions whilst they dither away on this...  :P

Who is gonna be the next KING child molester

In the 21st century they still communicate with smoke signals. Just about as up to date as their creationist theory.

peter the roman will be the next pope. This was told over 600 years ago

Will Jerry Sandusky get a vote?

I can't get over these guys' outfits.  How can anyone take them seriously?  It's like the KKK with a better tailor.

let's hope they don't pick a pedo this time - oh, wait - there's no such thing in the Catholic church.  Guess they need to pick a Buddhist.if the Catholic church didn't have a law of celibacy in place and men were free to marry, then they could express their natural God given sexual desires towards their wives and not participate in unnatural sexual relationships with men or children. Even the apostle Peter was married. ( Mark 1:30) Scriptural references: 1 Corinthians 9:5, 1 Timothy 3:2, and 1Timothy 4:1-3.  This rule of celibacy was instituted by Pope paul VI. He even admitted that is was not a requirement by Jesus Christ or the 1st century Apostles. Information : The Papal Encyclicals  1958-1981. ( Falls Church, Va.; 1981), p. 204. Info taken from Reasoning Book, WtBTS.

It seems odd that God sends all these cardinals different messages for whom to vote.  I would think one vote is all it would take.  As a matter of fact, it shouldn't even require a vote, it should just be obvious to all of them who God wants next.  Hmm.  Maybe there isn't a God.    Oh, and that goes for all the religions, not just Catholicism.

I'm sure they're all very talented but we all know it's decided on the swimsuit competition.

You few Liberals are not really helping us Christians destroy the Catholic Church of Satan.

Looks like a Klan rally selecting the next Grand Wizard. Shame on this den of vipers!

Is this going to be the evil pope that Bishop Sheen spoke of?

no wonder it takes so long for them to vote...they can't talk when their mouths are full of little sausages!!!

faith in god has nothing to do with the catholic church anymore, which has proven over two thousand years to be a lie, (crusades) you name it, more people have died in the name of god than any thing else. stop preaching and be a good person. that's god like....

Irrelevant in every way possible

What a production...worthy of Broadway.Was the smoke from coal, or Colombian Gold??AWWW, I'm goin' ta Hell fer that 'un!  HEHEHE.Oh Lord, please forgive me and bless the pigmies in Papua New Guinea.

Legalize Pope Smoke NOW!!

Can we hurry up already? The brainwashed folk who believe in a invisible man running around outer space are starting to get restless!

Oh no...a cliffhanger!?..

Black Smoke!  Must be smoking Hash.

Catholics and Moral teachings go hand in hand like Jersey Shore and STDS

Wow, maybe 3 or 4 times in a lifetime will you ever see that many high ranked child molesters in a room together.

Ok, big deal! The Cardinals are busy choosing whoever they think will be strong enough to serve and protect their priests from facing prosecutions and convictions of all the sex crimes they have commited for years! Let's face it, only the Catholic priests can run off and seek shelter in Rome thus, continue to live on earth with impunity! What a religious sect!!!

I personally think they should elect the Dali Lama. Have him 'convert' to Catholicism and then elect him. That would be funny and make many convert to Catholicism. Plus he could do a tour of China!

Hey Father O'Malley, wipe that poop off your one eyed bishop!May God guide them to choose the one who will surely hold the church together .

If you're going to expunge and send to prison all the pedophiles and excommunicate all the homosexual Priests, Bishops and Cardinals you will leave but a very small fraction to tend the flock. And that's great!

There is something patently wrong with this POPE craze.  As a matter of faith, God never intended for a man to be selected by other men as a "Holy Father".  That concept, in and of itself, is idolatry.  No man should be given that kind of power and authority over your personal relationship with Christ. Who is he, this MAN -- with his own sins (past, present and future) -- to think that he is infallible enough to forgive you of yours?"Jesus answered, 'I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me'." John 14:6

if the pope represents God on earth, can someone explain to me what's been happening to so many children?  in WHO's name are they doing these crimes?  Who is my/your neighbor?

Why does the black smoke mean there is no pope but the white smoke will signal they have one. Another reference, black is not good and white is :(

It is an election to elect the "head of rapist organisation" for the brothel. Damn these bishops and cardinals are above the law. they wash away their sins in secrecy. POPE is the godfather like mafia don for protecting all these rapists: Do we need popes coming thru black and white smoke or do we need strong education , science and jobs. Last pope is so idiot he publicly denounced using condoms for prevention of "AIDS SPREAD" in Africa. Lot of heads of european countries and scientists has to bow their heads and condemn such irresponsible statements; DO WE NEED THESE IMMORAL AND MEDIEVAL THINKING BUFFOONS IN 21st CENTURY.?

Please, get this pedophile lottery over already. This filthy cult committed the most heinous acts against the most innocent amongst them for decades and now these drag queens want to play out their phony drama in front of the world.

They know already,they just milking tourists for every dollar. It's all politics and a business.Jesus never dressed like this Cardinals and elected Popes. They live in luxery,their God is the Almighty Dollar...SMH.

Black smoke.

I vote Jessie Jackson!!Perverts assemble to elect head pervert...

I'm genuinely curious how many of the pope candidates are actually virgins. I don't understand how anyone, man or woman, can actually stay a virgin passed 40 years old. Late at night do they even give themselves a tug? It's inhuman otherwise.

whether black or white, God will give the catholic church a leader.A man after Gods heart.

satanic cess pool!!

How 'bout Pope Barack I ?  We've never had one of those......

Is Leslie Jordan there performing Tammi Wynett?

each one of those clowns is wearing a costume valued at several thousand dollars,,,while the masses of their catholic cult live in poverty...............................it's just a Drag Queen Convention with old queens styling.............................those old racist white  "men" will never elect a black or hispanic if you belive they will than you are nuts

•I would never want to be a member of a group whose symbol was a guy nailed to two pieces of wood.

They can also discuss how to help protect child rapists while in there too. Why is this crazy cult getting all this attention?

The church is just fine compared the lives of the truly perverted and liberal #$%$ of the world.I have to wonder how people can believe that walking around in wierd costumes has anything to do with Jesus who was a hippie who did not care about clouthes. Do people really think there is a God who created everything and he is somehow concerened about all this illogical behavior.

Who really cares and what difference will it make?  Whoever is Pope, the Catholic church will continue to promote ignorance with their childish, superstitious, primitive nonsense and fleecing the gullible and mentally deficient.

What a fiasco! Honestly, WHO CARES what a bunch of pedophiles are doing behind the Vatican walls? Seriously. The media acts as if this country is nothing but a bunch of devout Catholics! GIVE IT A REST ALREADY! NO ONE CARES but the MEDIA!

The next 'elected' pope could possibly be the last (pope) before the Second Coming of JESUS The Christ.  If I understand Bible prophesy correctly that is. The 'New World Order' system ( term not in Holy scripture) is probably almost in the works.

Time to elect the king of molesters

how can they vote when their mouth is full.....

the cardinals are still burning rubber... white smoke will come out after they all cum out....

Black smoke ... is that from burning the bodies of the children they raped?

I think they should elect a Blue Jay or a Crow; Cardinals just have not proven tobe worthy !

i hope the new pope comes from my motherland ghana.This Protestant does not care who the Catholics pick. The Catholic Church is dead.

i'll give ya divine guidance. get a real job you fools

you worship no 1 but jesus noone and that includes mary......

Raymond Cardinal Burke should be the next pope. He is a faithful, orthodox and dynamic disciple of Jesus. Pray for him. He is the best choice, by far.

the vatican is behind the new age movement----they will be destroyed...

The papacy in the most luciferian based and demonically influenced component of the catholic religion....it is the foundation of there works......

did they nominate jerry sandusky?

will they play push in the star fish with the altar boys?

father O'malley, is that chit on your willy?

Bring in the beer,defenceless young boys,and let the Pope picking Party begin...No matter who they elect, it's going to be hard for the Catholic church to shun the negative image they have right now.

cult of many practising gay priests, who protected the sprinkling of pedophiles who had thedirt on each other and agreed to keep the dirt they had on each other secret-FREAKS!!!

Are they playing "Hide the One Eyed Bishop"?

If you catch your son playing with dolls, it’s a guarantee, he’s going to grow up to either be a Catholic church official or a hairdresser. At least a hairdresser is not an embarrassment to the family.

Hmmmm.. "Cardinals" and "Head" in the same sentence......

How foolish to call The Roman Catholic Church troubled.

There are now more than four hundred Catholic hospitals in the United States , the pope had to resign because he could not stop obamacare plan, and that mean the church will loses hundreds of billion of dollar, the new CEO i mean the pope will be have better luck.

Every war in history has been promulgated by religion as the true belief system, but we are worried about gun control...

The die is cast, we pray for the leaders in the conclave that God pours His Holy Spirit of discernment to review to world a true shephard, just like Jesus Christ, to win soul to His fold.

wow.. so many catholics homeless, sick, poor, hungry, desolate in need of help but nooo these men in the vatican wearring fine linnen living safe in this palace of hipogracy... how can one find faith in god when he allows all these things to happen... i'm sure that if he comes back he will not trifel with us common people how can he have time if the sacrifice he made is still not appreciated by the world he left behind... i feel only sorrow andpitty for those that still believe in this farce of catholisisim or in god fot that matter... shame on them!!If there really was a God and he truly was benevolent he would have put an end to the abomination that is the Catholic church years ago.

Sounds like a lot of work....  When will they have time for all the gay orgies?

As a child I learnt that to lie always lead to another to cover the first. Isn't cover ups nothing more than one big lie. We need a Pope that is willing to clean up and not cover up all #$%$ some of the Priest have been doing. Priest should be not be allowed to hide under the cover of our Church. I hope the cardinals selected a Pope that has zero tolerance policy from all the evil practice that have been going on. He should be willing to ex-communicating pedophile and active homosexual priest and nuns. Look according to Cannon Law when these people take their vows they give up all sexual acts up in order to be Priest and Nuns of the Catholic Church. If I was unfaithful to my spouse and did things like some of these so called Priest or Nuns do I be ex-communicating so why not them?

Stupid black smoke.....so ridiculous

Thick black smoke has billowed for too many years.

Why does the media think most people care about who the new pope is?

"Black smoke?  This feels like Racism." - Every Black Person

may the good lord take absolute control of the church

Christ's Church is not beset by woes.  However, the stewards of Christ's Church are -- as we all are.  Christ created The Catholic Church and the gates of He11 will not prevail against it.

The Church can actually solve two problems at once. An effective, evangelizing church, focused on the hard work of making the Good News real to all persons, is not a bureaucratic church of infighters. A wise pope will take all that misplaced energy and put it to good use.The Church will outlast all of these media outlets who think they know how to remain relevant. The Church has faced "trouble" for 2000 years. Whoever the next pope is, he'll definitely upset the media. And then when his pontificate concludes, the media will again be dragging out the same smear stories. The media folks are the ones who seems troubled and facing irrelevancy. The Church is troubled? Maybe people should worry about how troubled their own organizations are before trying to advise the Church, who has survived more than these people could ever comprehend.

He's a long shot, but Cardinal Roberto Monsiguir Ferrea is only 62 years old, has a stanch background in secluarism, with a modest approach to public policy. Although from Spain, he speaks 4 langugues and was a professor at Benfica Madrid.

The actual religion may not be bad but, like any political power, the Vatican machine is a self interested incubator of narcissistic drive and not necessarily representative of that which is good for the poor individual.  Keep 'em poor and uneducated, scared and dependent and in this way create and maintain the machine's wealth and glory.

Question is, how many little boys' innocence will be sacrificed at the alter of the cardinals' piety at break time instead of other refreshments?

The elaborate costumes and richly decorated churches, along with the money and molestations show that the church and the Pope have very little in common with Jesus

I cannot get interested in the whole Pope thing.  Last time there was a large following.  I don't know about everyone else but it has lost its appeal to me.  I was raised Catholic and still go to church every week but I feel very disappointed in the religion.  There is almost constantly some pledge or drive going on.  They never say so but it is because the church is hurting for money due to the law suits against the molesting priests.  I am disappointed and angered that the Church never admitted to or ask forgiveness for their wrong doings.  They don't practice what they preach, pun intended.  Now, the Pope retires? Talk about removing a pillar of the church.  The departing Pope dispensed with any longevity or above averageness of the Church.  There is opinion that he was pushed out in an attempt to reduce law suits and damages against the Church due to his lack of action during the molestations.  I'm sorry I don't care who the new Pope is.  I felt the proof was in the pudding last week when the priest announced an open forum meeting occuring the next two Sundays to discuss any issues people had about things.  To me that says there is or will be a large backlash of people turning away since that's one of the few things that they respond to.  After all these years it appears they are now beginning to face the real issues.  Unfortunately, the responses are canned answers.  Another awakening moment was last week when a different priest asked are you all watching the news about electing the new Pope?  You could have heard a pin drop.  There was not one response.

black smoke coming out new poopies rear end means he is a pedophile #$%$ too !

Out of the dark ages , how some people can still beleive in all this wow think evolution

Awesome! They're going to choose the next HCM ("Head Child Molester")

Smoke it up.Wiil the next new Pope be a Catholic?  Or a Mafia Don to lead this Organized Crime famil of Pedophiles.

Gross polluter

who cares who cares who cares who cares. do we need a minute-by-minute account on who is to become the next defender of child molesters?

They must be having a hard time finding a suitable pedophile pope to ruin the lives of as many young children as possible. We must remember that whatever they do they have Jesus behind them though. Or is it Mother Mary? They bow down to and worship so many I doubt they even know for sure. I know though. As political and war minded as they are with all of the pedophilia that goes on the only spiritual backer they could possibly have would be Satan himself. It's sure bet that God and Jesus aren't behind that filth.

The doors of the Sistine Chapel have just closed.  May the Holy Spirit guide the cardinals.

Why don't the parents of abused children go straight to the police, instead of the church or school?

When do the Cardinals start smoking the good stuff that makes the white smoke?  You just can't get good smoke anymore now that the Columbians aren't the main producers.

your roman church-- is it what it is---a pure evil church---you whoship mary and are told buy god that you whoship god and only god---your roman church is 100%pagan----

Send in "The Pole Dancers"

Geez people are so NEGATIVE on these news boards! Doesn't matter what the story is theres always those people who have something mean to type. Ridiculous!Just read a M. Martin(former priest) book, that will tell you all you need to know about this farce of a religion.

It's definitely going to be interesting to see if what St. Malachy's prophesied 900 yrs ago will be true, that who ever the next Pope is will be the last.

oh my god, they shut the doors, time to bring out the altar boys they hid

We want a black man as the new Pope.

Definitely, a much YOUNGER one (65-close to 70)  !!!! Argentina or Brazil should have a vote this time............

Arrr sounds like... it will take a lot more bongs before they decide :)

we live in a corrupted world...it doesn't surprise me if the church is corrupted too

blackberry smoke????? hell yeah!!

Lets hop they do a better job picking this pope than they did the in the last 1700 years.

All this nonsense should be made into a reality show.The new Pope should bring the Catholic church into the 21st century and change those robes and hats.  So much Pomp and Circumstance.The priests and cardinals are not what they seem. Always remember that they are only human, just like the rest of us. The Catholic church is also verrrrrrrry Rich.

Blowing smoke---that's what the Vatican does best.  Any excuse to divert attention away from their child sex abuse crimes.  Catholicism is an abomination and a dark stain on the advancement of civilization.

The Colorado civil union bill that was voted on today had all WHITE smoke. So take that and shove it up yourass cardinals.

Some peoples comments are so strange and sick, there is no need to reply, they show themselves strange and wierd.

They're deciding on the best child molesting methods and hide them from the rest of the world. How long do you think that the Catholic church been molesting children - along, long time!

Sounds like god is having trouble making up her mind....

Play paper rock scissors,  best of 7 over and over.  You win that many times in a row, that many  rounds, you deserve to be Pope. This is getting a little silly so this isn't too far fetched.  March Madness bracket perhaps... do something!

Why would they worry about poverty &amp; evangelicals more than sexual abuse.  The Catholic Church needs to change their focus on the real problems they are facing.  They need to allow priest to get married, besides, not getting married is not biblical, if some of the Apostles didn't wed is because they didn't have time, but Jesus never said that getting married was a sin, in fact he advised it so that men didn't fall into sin..Catholic Church has rediculous man made rules that make no sense, and have no biblical support.

they have many secrets and a big closet!

Who cares, bunch of free loading perverts, chiled molesters, they live off the stupid idiot people who give them money.You can pray 24/7 but no help.Who gives a #$%$.

Do any decent people write comments on Yahoo news articles?  None here...that's for sure.  Again, just a bunch of haters, Jew bashers, sex perverts and pro-abusers.

cult of many actively gay priests, who protected the sprinkling of pedophiles who had thedirt on each other and agreed to keep the dirt they had on each other secret-FREAKS!!!

Let God be the Authority...he sent his son our Lord Jesus Christ..... Jesus Christ sent us a comforter for guidance and leadership... not of a religious nature but of a personal relationship by way of the Holy Spirit direct to God....  If anyone does not believe that the Holy Spirit is the now the channel of instruction from God as the Bible teaches for all Wisdom, Knowledge and Understanding, then what the heck kind of Faith are you.  Yes some are assigned as preachers or teachers...we all have that responsibility to reach out and share the Truth....  I was brought up a catholic... it sidewinded the Bible's teachings.... Formalism, Ceremonialism, Ritualism...everything that failed in the old covenant and traditions of the old testiment.... can't we understand that God is God.... all men are corrupt...even the Pope's...even Mother Theresa... and all Pastors and others in this world.... no man is without sin... Forget above giving homage to anyone who puts themself on a pedasal with God.... They are not worthy and are taking a big danger with God to elevate themselves.   We can only reach God thru Jesus...no other saint or person is going to make your way to God.... Pray to God...thru Jesus Christ.  Stop Trusting men who think they are infallible... a Pope is just a ordinary sinner...his costumes or garments are not of the spirt they are of the flesh...  God is a Spirit...worship him in Spirit...nothing you are or wear is acceptable before God...you can be naked... he still Loves you for what is in your heart...not the outside of your body.    If you want to know who God is....read the BIBLE....if you want to know what the BIBLE says about his new relationship with us in the New Covenant in the New Testament, read the BIBLE.... and btw...you can argue with me...but God's outspoken word is Amen ... or God says it with the SO BE IT!   All of us can be his Saints....believe me... he's called each and every one of us to his throne thru Jesus Christ...there is no other man or way!

heavenly father please select the very faithful,smart,devoted kind heart to be a new pope

any woman who follows Roman Catholicism lacks self esteem, is a token and certainly blind.

I pray that God will guide &amp; direct the Cardinals to elect a God chosen Pope that will lead the Church in good faith.

let the will of god be done

I hope Donald Wuerl becomes Pope.

OMG This is crazy!!Scientists are figuring out weather life ever existed on Marsmeanwhile a bunch of pedophiles are trying to figure out who's going to represent their fairy tale god on Earth

Let us hope they will make a wise decision. I have much faith in the church.

They should have held the election in Florida.

Didn't the thick black smoke mean something in "Lost"?

Hope the new Pope brings back torture!!

SO WHAT. This is really not newsworthy.

I am not of the Catholic faith so I don't understand why it is such a big deal to elect an old man for so many people to "worship". Doesn't The Bible tell that no man is to be placed before him? It seems that people of the catholic faith "workship" this pope with more reverence than God. Can someone explain this for me?

Why is the Catholic Church filled with the worst sinners?

Oh gawd, this drag queen contest is really getting dramatic!!!

Why is it that not a single prophesy contained in the Bible has ever come to pass?I guess they have not yet found the man who would turn his head away from child molestaition.I'm sure there is a roomful of the 'right' sort being considered and before long 'Viola! A new pope who condones ped-priests porning for kiddies!''

I like the South Park version of the Catholic church better!  At least Eric and friends were funny.

Can you imagine the cerebration in heaven if 25% of Roman Catholics would be born again Christians

How often do they get breaks to rape children?  And do they get fresh children each time?

Police detained two women who staged a brief topless protest against the Church before the massed ranks of television crews who have come from around the world to follow the conclave.         Now,that would be worth something to see ,the hell with the smoke!

The devil is 'striking the shepherd in order to scattering the sheep'.  The godless Liberals who control the MainStreamMedia (Yahoo, Google, abc, nbc, cnn, et al) have no clue and certainly will not accept the Truth when offered it.The truth is Marxist-Homosexualists have gain a HUGE underground within Christ's Church.The Marxist-Homosexualists are the ones responsible for molesting young boys.The Marxist-Homosexualists are the ones responsible for LYING on the statistics - writing up FALSE statistics equaling male-female victims.  NOT SO!!  The S-0-D-0-M-I-T-E-S in shepherds clothing are responsible!It the next pope is the go-along-get-along Cardinal Dolan from NY or the anti-Christ Cardinal from Boston, we will be in big trouble.Go to LifeSiteNews (d 0tc 0m) and search the terms "Homoheresy" and "Huge Underground" and GayMafia" and learn how the Marxist-Homosexualists have kept specific information from getting to the Pope over the years....decades??Read the article about "Bella Dodd" on Catholocism (d 0t 0RG) and see how the Marxist-Homosexualists have INFILTRATED the Catholic Church (as well as unions, and most institutions) decades ago to give us the #$%$ we have now!!The Catholic Church is True despite all the Marxist-Homosexualists who make up a percentage of priests and nuns and are trying to "change" TWO THOUSAND YEARS OF TRUTH !!FACT:  The Church compiled the writings of "her" apostles and created the Bible !!!The Church has ALWAYS condemned #$%$-SE-UA-LITY in the strongest way!!Now we have a bunch of limp-wristed, light in the loafers (obama-types) in Christ's Church trying to scatter the sheep!We are going to have a schism if we get a false pope who is "corrupter-of-boys-friendly!

Burning ballots is not very green of the Church.  However, the effect would be lost if they shredded the ballots, then we waited to see if they put a white or black trash bag in the recycle bin.

Who cares? Only the media!

Anyone arrogant enough to reject the verdict of the judge or of the priest who represents the LORD your God must be put to death.  Such evil must be purged from Israel.  (Deuteronomy 17:12 NLT)

All pops respect the human rights, don't use the child abuse as shield to speak against them.They HAVE already unpacked his new shoes, it was on the ABC news...they have laid out his garb and his shoes. so, dont poo poo me, when they have shown that on the news...so, do they all have the same size shoe?

So, did they pick Dennis Rodman as the new Pope?

secrets of the conclave makes me want 2 go 2 rome.

It should be like Survivor - with each vote the Cardinal with the least votes is out and has to leave the chapel and then goes to be interviewed by Jeff Probst.

Actually, they've fired up the BBQ and working on some brisket and vino as we speak.

You will see the Holy Spirit in action. The Faithful are praying.  God always answers prayers and His Most lovable Will shall be done, Amen!

What happens if it's a draw? Oh, that's right- nothing.

And I'll say it again....The Roman Catholic religion is the most hypocritical religion out there.. “do as I say but not as I do”

The true church of our lord and savior Jesus Christ shall prevail,  until the pope, the fathers, the priests, the nuns; all repent and be baptized, and be filled with the Holy spirit..shall reap the wrath of God, with all there followers. Jesus Christ is the only way to salvation. People every whereTurn from your sinful ways, the end is near. Don't be decieved by Satan.

HOLY SMOKES!!! HAhahaBLACK SMOKE : indicates they BURNED the last popeWHITE SMOKE : indicates they BURNED last pope's clothes( THIS IS FACT )

Imagine there's no countries, and no religion too, It isn't hard to do especially with humanistic dribble like this...

Looks like somebody let slip that the Vatican kitchen was planning to serve pudding for desert tonight.

The Catholic Church has lost it's views in todays society. As we all grow and learn we look deeper into the meanings and pass that wisdom on to our next generations. Our current generations learned to think and feel for themselves, and understand how god truely is.The Catholic faith makes you take classes to get married inside the church. One of the classes they said to be truely married you have to be married though the church and one rule to be followed is you must be able to consimate your marriage (if you get in a car accident and you can no longer have sex then you can NOT get married in gods eyes). The church is wrong, you should be able to marry and love someone in better health or worse NOT cause of physical love. The church is trying to be a corporation and making sure the old breed and bring more money in for them. They also require some people to provide their bank accounts to the church to make sure you give your 10%. They also say it's a sin to waste your "seed" of man. If you wake up from a 'wet' dream then you have a 'demon' inside you and you're a sinner. The church teaches all of this and more and I believe it's wrong. I personally believe in god and follow him, what it is inside my heart not the church trying to make more money or say what love is. For every soldier out in the world fighting and if you're ever in an accident you should STILL BE ABLE TO GET MARRIED in the churchs eyes! Regardless of damages done.... God would of let anyone get married, especially for the ones that give the most of their lives not cuase the church says you can't cause you're 'damaged'.... WORSE CATHOLIC CLASSES EVER

The only smoke I want to see is the whole thing burning down.

The vast majority of the world DOES NOT CARE about who might be the new pope. It is insulting and pathetic that the media carry this as the lead story. Again, with due respect to Catholics, WHO ELSE CARES!

I think it be cool if the new Pope would bring back human and animal sacrifice!!  I would love to wipe blood on my front door!!

THIS REMINDS ME OF SMOKE  AND MIRRORS,

Everyone should pray that we don't get a black pope.  A black boy would ruin the church, just like obama ruined the US.

Religion is the root of all evil.Catholicism is an abomination and a dark stain on the human race.  They are a through back to the Dark Ages, worthy of every thinking persons' contempt.

After the black smoke appeared they all ran into the sanctuary to play tickle with the altar boys.

My priest gave me a Holy Water enima.

The black smoke is just the round one burning of boy's underwear.

If The Vatican wants to survive another century they need reform. Let priests get married, embrace birth control, allow women to rise through the ranks of the church, accept science...that's just the start. They're an ancient organization that has gone out of date long ago.

(Said in Dracula voice)  "The Black'a smoke'a means we have NOT molested enough'a BOYS...come'a back tomorrow".  (thanks to Howard Stern).

I too will be glad when this is over. Not everyone is Catholic. They shouldn't  have it on TV until they clean up their act completely.

I hope the next Pope crushes the media that has been stalking the Church for a long time now.

in that picture, can you see any  priests with their hand under the red gown of the priest in front of them?

Somebody please, please, please photoshop a rainbow coming  out of the smokestack.who gives a #$%$..not me..religion is why we have wars

I can't believe they hav all these safe gusrds against cheating on their votes for Pope, I mean these guys are Cardinals, men of God, I'm sure not one of them would cheat on any vote.

:)....I so want to watch The Chew but this mess is preventing that!!!!

The Sicilian Cardinal just appeared on the screen. He'll make an offer you can't refuse

CON CLAVE cardinals! what a name, like con artists

I hope and pray that the cardinals will elect a person who will be willing and able to bring the Church into the 21st century. A thorough review of many of its policies are rooted in centuries old decisions that are neither biblical nor based on Jesus' teachings.

This is 'rite' up there with England getting a new King/Queen.  Who cares?  What's the point?  What does he do anyway?  Travels around the world (on your donations) to head up masses and pray for you while driving around in a bullet proofed vehicle.  It all makes no sense what-so-ever.  This is why I choose not to be associated with catholicism.Heck for all of the catholic masses I ever went to, I can resight them word for word.  It's almost satanic in the ritualistic ways they do things.The quote I live by- We all started as dirt and we will all end as dirt.  Just be happy and dig it while you are living.I hope the pope on his way out lives the remainder of his days in happiness.

Hey Father O'Malley, wipe that poop off your one eyed bishop!

Out of the 115 cardinals that will take part in the vote and only two thirds majority is needed to elect a pope...do you think they realize that 2 divided by 3 equals .666

Ahahaha: The Thunder From Down Under ! ! They just called the Australian Cardinal The Thunder From Down Under.....and people wonder what the diference between this and pro wrestling isthis will be the 8th pope since the vatican became a private city. The 8th king of rome will be the anti-christ.be aware!

DONT THEY LOOK LIKE A BUNCH OF PHARASIES

This is end time... Are you prepared*?

WGAF??????????????PLEASE Enough of this #$%$ already.

Does anyone know if there will be some kind of signal to let us know if a new Pope has been elected or not? I can't find any information about this and it's making me all upset! I need to know the election results A.S.A.P., so that I may adjust my evening prayers accordingly.

Really?  A conclave report, yet one of the first things written is that the Church faces "a time of strife and scandal."  Later the reporter adds there are "constant reminders of the scandals and controversies facing the Church," which "constant" reminders reportedly consist of one piece of month-old news and two topless women.  I'd love to see someone with the courage to just do straight reporting about the conclave without trying so hard to sound unsupportive.Since when has the RCC not faced "strife and scandal"?  Reporters and Yahoo! commenters constantly focus on Church failing.  Ironically, this shows more unthinking cultural indoctrination than cradle Catholics:  It's been fashionable for English-speaking people to mock the RCC since the 16th century; Church followers have been subjected to public ridicule, oppression, and even death for 20 centuries.  Yes, the RCC needs to improve, as does every person and institution in the world.  But can't Reuters nonetheless make its report about the conclave simply a report about the conclave?

conclave of cardinals a. k a. #$%$ romp

Hopefully they will choose someone born after color television was invented ?

Who really gives a #$%$ about the new pope?

Pope Louise Ciccone.Why can't any of the networks just hire Mel Kiper to break down the possible candidates and where they rank on his pope board?

Hmmmm, which chimo should we elect now?  Well I'm guessing it will be someone who will protect the other chimo's who have been found out.

I have come to the conclusion that the catholic church is nothing more than an evil corporation which considers themselves above the law. Nothing more, nothing less. The world would truly be better without them (the church, not the people).

The church should move with the changing times, though some core traditions of the church must be maintained. issues to do with family planning &amp; use of condoms to prevent the rampant HIV Scourge

I hope the next pope is more progressive, there needs to be thorough investigations of the accused sex abusers, and severe punishments if found guilty (excommunication and/or prison). Women should be permitted to be priests, already many nuns essentially take control of churches in areas where there aren't enough priests, however they can neither consecrate the Eucharist nor absolve people in confession. With the shortage of priests, this only makes sense, times change and all governments (religious and secular) must adapt accordingly. There needs to be reform for the modern age, the church is 2,000 years old, after all, and society changes a lot in that time.  And yes, I am Catholic myself.

Being catholic he will know, what he must have is a degree in business administration and clean up the inner churchs workings that haven't been touched in hundreds of years. These are the 2000's not the 1700's. I wish him to have new modern thinking people around him not dodding old men who refuse to move off their old duffs and modernize the church.

would be nice to have a differrent race for pope rather than being of WHITE Race

6 more weeks of Winter.

Where is the "Flying Nun" when we need her????

Catholics are evil people.... they MUST be evil to worship child molesting old men in silly costumes !If you are still a Catholic, YOU are one dirt-ball human, and I hope you have pain every day !may god help us for all the sins in every sector of life inclusive / our people we trusted in

To the gay liberal staff at yahoo,no need to worry the next pope will still stand for whats right in this world.i promise all u silly little freaks and fruitcakes he will have a very strong anti-gay stance just like our last blessed pope.how do all u homosexuals like them apples!!!!

let us stand strong in faith as the lord will give us support besides all the challenges we say no to the devil.Perfection is also very important to our priest.Let Godliness prevail in your vocations, passions is the trick that the devil uses to test us.Say no to the devil!Besides this may the almighty God give us power to overcome this through prayer.I urge all those who cannot live according to th vocation to quite and allow those who represents Jesus Christ continue.May the Holy spirit guide us to raise Good children who listen and respect their lives and others.live without blemish.

I find organized religion comical

Excuse me........"Troubled Church" ?

If I add my opinion right here, I'm certain people will notice and care.

yep! Obama fautl

Cardinocracy at work.

a new head pervert is more like it

I'm hoping for some wacky mix-up that causes a wise-cracking, streetsmart, inner-city detective to be elected as Pope.  After about a week of crazy antics, snappy catchphrases, and causing headaches for the humorously-annoyed Vatican staff, he can crack open an international drug smuggling ring that just so happens to have a major checkpoint in  Rome and is headed by the crime boss he obsessively spent his law enforcement career trying to bust.  When he shuts it all down and puts the bad guy in cuffs (in full Pope attire, of course), he can say something about throwing The Book at him.  Or something about "let's do this by The Book."  You know, something memorable.  Roll credits and play catchy pop song that fell off the charts six months ago.May God help us to know christ.what is our personal relationship with God like?let's stop hiding in d canopy of church.may God deliver his people in jesus name,amen.every plot of the devil in this conclave is destroyed in jesus name men.

Catholics are looking to see positive changes with the new elected Pope. The church should return to the lives of the people instead of losing itself in theology. This is a moment of great hope!

Trouble church? there goes yahoo writer again people tend to forget that the church is made up of humans striving to make amends with his or her creator when there is an occassion of sin and  not made up of angels.

Having been raised a Catholic and having felt quite betrayed after realizing the whole thing is a slick criminal operation I can say I really could care less. As for all the good work that Catholic Charities does? Please spare me. Imagine what good they could really have done if they hadn't spent millions upon millions in fines and the relocating and hiding and harboring the rapists and torturers of children. It is a filthy religion, Pope John Paul II managed to bring a small bit of credibility to the orginization but would have been able to do more if he tossed the hat aside and worked from a secular POV. White smoke or Black smoke, It's all #$%$ to me.

A cathedrals is a christian denomination, where catholic bored out as a registered organisation ,therefore, catholic as an institution must not be absorbed of troubles of governance.may the new pope be an administrator not to allow the troube water to run in the cardinals sphers

academic qualification cannot be a factor to be ignored for the Roman Catholic Leadership since this has always been a factor that differentiates the Church from other denominations

Our church is facing theses challenges now because of her age in the evangelisation process. we must all stand up to denounce societal ills against humanity no matter our creed or colour.

Any cardinals or pries that want to married should put resignation and left the job for married.

God never intended for a man to be selected by other men as a "Holy Father"... that's a textbook case of IDOLATRY.

I love how they inseert "troubled church" into the headline.  Leave it alone.  Addresing the conclave is and should be the focus.  Don't editorialize every darn thing, Obama liberals.There's a 90% chance that the next pope is a pedophile.

I do so hope they'll elect a Pope that sounds like he was born within the last three centuries......

There are some doctrines of the Catholic Church I thick should be re viewed

Alot of born  agains reminding people to fear there fellow believers.

The vatican should lose their sovereignty, the Italian goverment raids, and burns it down not before selling all of those precious items owned..

The gate of hell shall not previle. it is only a troubled society. Much hate about the Catholic Church. The Church has been there for our welfare, the Catholic Schools and Universities, Catholic health  care facilities, Catholic charities, cemetries etc. All these services and love has been taken for granted. what a thankless and hate society

How old will the new pope be this time?  95?

They're ordering the alter boys out. Cardinals must be weeping

Will the cardinals head to conclave to conclusively realize that they believe in a fairy story and their beliefs are nothing more than religious hokum.  Now that would be something to celebrate!

I wonder what would happen if they elected a pope and he came out of the closet.  Since the pope is infallible, would they be obliged to follow his coming out, or would they admit he was not infallible and just except that god made gay people too, and there is nothing "evil" about it?This epic symbolizes, of the words had to say, "This is peter, and upon this rock I will build my church.... a solemn significance when the Lord and Master Jesus Christ thrust upon Peter as the first Pope of the Universal Christendome,  let the light of Life,  brights upon the incoming Pope....hail!!!

"Declined in popularity" ??? My bf who was from a different church joined the Catholic church -my church =) I didn't force it down his throat. I didn't even tell him to join. He joined because of who I am and I show everyday what it means being a catholic is: loving, caring, compassionate, giving, and keeping God in center of everything, etc. there is no perfect church but I still believe the Catholic Church is still strong and alive today!!!!!!!  =)))

Holy #$%$ A black man praying!!

What a crock of #$%$ this whole religious thing is.  Nothing more than organized crime, child molesters, and perverts.

Pope Pedo De Phile

Gullible people will embrace anything that will seemingly satisfy this security instinct, no matter how far-fetched. The charlatans of the supernatural then exploit this intellectual deficiency. The human emotional need for religion and the paranormal is rooted in insecurity and the fear of uncertainty. Life is inherently uncertain. Wild flights of fancy into the land of mirages does not make it less so..The arena of the paranormal is very attractive to many persons, practitioners and followers alike, because real science can be difficult to pursue and places demands on the rational mind. Real science requires hard evidence, demonstrable repeatability and logical thought processes.

#$%$ THE CHURCH #$%$ THE POPE. No one cares the last one was part of the Nazi Youth group when he was young? There all a ybunch of child molesters. Don't forget the bank fraud and money laundering. Its all religious VOMIT! It makes me sick! Ypu weak minded people need to wake up. Stop hiding behind, and protecting these thugs.Remember GOD loves your money and your little boys.....Have a nice day! :)

None of you reporters &amp; so-called "commentators" know what you're talking about!!! I continue to pray that whoever becomes the next pope will teach and uphold the real truths of the catholic faith and reprimand and excommunicate those who do not follow along! And i pray that the cardinals will be given the wisdom to elect such a pope!

I hope the new Pope brings back animal and human scacrifice!!

I hope we get an italian pope they know whats upWord on the street is that if Dolan get elected pope, he, being a loyal American, is going the corporate sponsorship route. He'll go by the name "Jimmy John the 1st".

Let me get this straight... These guys are going elect a new pope?  Including Mahoney who admits to hiding priests that have been involved in pedophile sex scandals?

How many millions upon millions of dollars does the Catholic church spend on costumes, spectacle, and adornment? How much on simply managing such a huge "religious" organization? How much on payroll? How much on lobbying? Give me a break. Somehow I don't think that Jesus would approve. Think of how much those pridefully spent funds could improve the lives of millions of needy people around the world instead of keeping the Pope and his Cardinals dressed in fancy silk vestments.

Is this the same organization who murdered/tortured people if they didn't join up ?

These men will choose an individual from among their exclusive boys club that best reflects their personal views, not those of the Holy Spirit. Does the Holy Spirit live in palaces with servants to wipe His mouth after each spoonful? The Roman Catholic Church is the biggest fraud EVER perpetrated on the human race. They have stopped torturing and murdering their dissenters, but the core of evil among the hierarchy remains -- It is THEIR church, not that of the people.

Largest cult in the world. This church has murdered millions maybe billions in the name of religion. No birth control, countless wars, currency manipulation, restricting science music and art, and the molestation of millions of children going back to the stone age. I have been to Vatican City and is indescribable and magnificent. How can this church be anti gay yet rapes of little boys has gone on for 2000 years?

Elect a Presbyterian.  Everything will be done "Decently and in Good Order"

Whomever is named "commander" is without a doubt a money-laundering, homosexual,pedophile, a person oppressing women, living in  oppulenc. You are e, etc since he seems to know how to judge others in such disgust. This world is in hell because of people like you making such horrible comments about others.  You must be a Democrat

Disgusting, bunch of overdressed, fat, old men hording riches that could be used to care for humanity.. This is what you ignorant people call religion? This is where most goverments get their ideas for leadership.. Welcome to intelligence..

I bet these people in red robes are wearing gay red tight undies alsoim a catholic and why did pope benedict resign as pope the only good pope that i knew when i was growing up was pope john paul 2nd

I am just wondering if the Cardinal from Brazil would bring a "different perspective" considering he has obviously been groomed by Vatican insiders. Scola from Italy being an "outsider" of the Vatican, but still being from Italy is known as a Reformist and probably would be the best choice for MY church (yes, I am Catholic) ,considering the church has resisted most modern reforms. We are not in the "Holy Crusades" era; At least not from over 1000 yrs ago anyway!

I understand Obama is on the short list!

Are the cardinals sneaking kiddies in, under their frocks , for the purposes of fiddling .They should bomb the lot while we have the chance

I pray that God help in electing a new pope.

i think dolan would make a great pope the church need a man that people feel are current and approachable..and able to work with both old and younger groups and slowly start moving the church into a forward direction.

What a bunch of freaks!

If you see white smoke it means that the Pope mobile has blown a head-gasket....

At least there won't be any mud slinging like we do during our USA elections, then again I wouldn't put that pass them either... REBT :(

Why do we need a vadican? Aren't we good enough with priest??I see full of gays plus pedophile men.

Stupid Catholics.....so glad the Orthodox Religion broke away form the child molesters....over 1000 years ago......Orthodox priest are allowed to marry while Catholic priests are given an allowance of Vaseline.

Silly thinking the election of a new Pope will save the corrupted Vatican.

The Cardinals should pray to the Holy Spirit that he help them not to select another pedophile protecting Pope.

the white smoke reminds of hollywood movie after sex scenes......no it can't be!!!! no!!!!! no!!!!!

I hope the Roman pedophile "church" dissolves forever.Papism is the antithesis of real Christianity.

Largest cult in the world. This church has murdered millions maybe billions in the name of religion. No birth control, countless wars, currency manipulation, restricting science music and art, and the molestation of millions of children going back to the stone age. I have been to Vatican City and is indescribable and magnificent. How can this church be anti gay yet rapes of little boys has gone on for 2000 years?

who freakin cares!!!  all the news outlets are concerned about this...why???  the catholic church is just like any other government, interested only themselves and they believe they are above the law!

Any man who as not molested a child should be the new pope

They are going to make a big to do over nothing and draw it out for days.  On a given day each person gets a piece of paper, they write a name on it who they want as next pope.  Then they are tallied.  The man with the most votes is pope.  Is that so hard. They say prayers, they say mass, a certain color smoke has to come out of the chimney!  Horse radish.  It's all show, that's all it is. Take a one day vote with the paper and call it a day!the new Pope should eradicate the Mafia within the Vatican.

Most of the world deluded with religion. What a waste...

WHO CARES!

Thor was a much better Son of a God than Jesus. I would be more interested in what the Church of Odin is up to than the creepy Catholics

this is awful a bunch of Ole men locked behind a door in a room none of them ever had a relationship but they decide on bedroom laws and how many children you should have.Dress up like ole Drag queens deciding who will be the HEAD JUDY.Is this what religion is? sitting around to decide to replace cause some Ole scary White guy decided to step down cause he couldn't COPE anymore.Im quite sure GOD,Jehovah didnt have a ballot in deciding who gets elected bye some billowing colored smoke?,,this is all SATAN...'Hit it Pearl'

I'm Catholic and honestly I don't understand why people think so little of the church yes they point out a lot about the sex crime against children and I am against that however not all priest are the same just like not every human is bad and sex crimes against children are seen everywhere not just the Catholic Church.

Why are they ELECTING a pope?  Let GOD say who he wants!  Hello god, who do you want?  Silence.  Anybody there?

My brother used to work for the catholic church and said this whole process is a bunch of malarkey. They just try on the previous pope#$%$, and the person that it fits is named the next pope.

I wish they took as solemn a vow to stop playing musical chairs with all the pedophiles in their ranks.  What color's THAT smoke?  Oh, they use mirrors too.  Ok, gotcha.

just say no to pope!!!what an amazingly bloated industry based on completely nothing.  Infallibility of the pope, hides child molesters and mafia bank dealings.  A Shepard for sheep is an understatement.

DO you think Gods worried

Catholics are idolators.  Repent and make Jesus your Lord!  And stop praying to Mary- she is a dead person and God hates necromancy

What if the new Pope is Transvestite or Gay but we don`t know it..?......What`s new again...What if....?

Catholics are silly, but they're far better than born-again christians or those mormon morons..

I pray that May Almighty God send God the Holy Spirit upon the Cardinals to elect vicar of Our God the Son to guide, protect, teach and bless the Church in one unity through Jesus Christ Our Lord Amen.

how many children do u have to rape to become  the pope ?

As a catholic, there is absolutely nothing to fear......whoever gets elected will be a catholic and will be surrounded by catholics for collective decision for the interests of catholics. All technological attempts are merely for having the news first to report to the world what would still be communicated anyway. Only Change itself does not change and there will always be change and we accept all that we cannot change.

I bet NAMBLA doesn't make all this fuss when they pick a leader.

It was learned moments ago that Cardinal Scola of Milan has ties with organized crime; police raided his offices. the RomanCuria has ties to Organize Crime.We don't care about a new Pope because: 1. He wears a dress and a funny hat. 2. He believes in invisible guys in the sky, Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny. 3. He did nothing to stop priests from molesting little boys....4. etc etc etc

They sure do dress silly. Looks kinda cultish.

I will not be sileced by child sex abusers or their protectors in the Roman catholic cult!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

kkk

These people are as curropted as the government...

It's funny how a human being becomes "infallible" after being elected by a handful of pedophiles and old men.

According to St Malachy's prophecies, the next pope will be the last pope.Perhaps changes in the Catholic Church hierarchy will change the top structure?Maybe aliens will land and change mankinds thinking about our origins?More questioning minds among the faithful may no longer accept singular authority?Interesting times!

You don't have to be a priest or even a Catholic to be elected Pope. So I think Obama should be elected Pope so he can destroy two revered institutions simultaneously -- the Catholic Church and the USA.

In the early years of the church to get into heaven you would pay a fee to the church for acceptance past Peter's gates. Even if you molested, killed, tortured other humans. This cult is about money and nothing else(except pedophilia).

No smoke?  they may not be done smoking their dubees and talking about the last kid they felt up and downthey pick the pope based on which one can cover up the rape of young boys by their priest the best...

Catholic Church is "The Great Harlot" - acording to Revelation 17:1-2 .. People around the world, read the Bible... search for Members Church of God International

hopefully they are not in the conclave watching gay porn

Jesus prophecy the APOSTACY SEE BELOW. By the midle of the seconD century the APOSTATES TOOK OVER AND KICK OUT THE MEEK GOOD CHRISTIANS AND THAT IS THE BEGGINIG OF THE CATHOLIC CHURCH = APOSTATES DECEIVERS POSTING AS CHRISTIANS TO THIS DAY.GOSPEL OF MATTHEW CHAPTER 13:24...3724Then he told them another illustrated story: “The kingdom of heaven is like a farmer whosowed good seeds in his field. 25But while his workers were sleeping, an enemy came and sowedweed seedsiii on top of the wheat. Then they left. 26So when the wheat grew and produced ears ofgrain, the weeds also grew up. 27The farmer’s workers came and asked him, ‘Sir, didn’t you sowgood seeds in your field? Where did the weeds come from?’36Then he left the crowds and went into a house. His disciples came over to him, and asked him,“Please explain to us the story about the weeds in the field.”37“The one who sows the good seed is the Son of man,” Jesus explained. 38“The field is theworld. The good seeds are the children of the kingdom. The weed seeds are the children of theevil one. 39The enemy that sowed the weed seeds is the devil. The harvest is the end of the world.The reapers are angels. 40Just as the weeds are harvested and burned so it will be at the end of theworld. 41The Son of man will send out his angels, and they will gather up every sinful thing andeveryone who does evil, 42and will throw them into the blazing furnace, where there will beweeping and grinding of teeth. 43Then those who live rightly will shine like the sun in thekingdom of their father. Anybody with ears should be listening!

And in other highly interesting news everyone needs to know about : Blue smoke billowed out from under my bedroom door last evening signaling to all my b0ng water was dirty.

As long as the new pope's not catholic, they'll be fine!

I'm of d firm conviction that God will surely give us a pontiff who has the heart of the ancient crusaders,who will defend and uphold the tenets of the church in its entirety.

There's no hope with pope.

Black Smoke, White Smoke.....the typical racial connotations. Black is not Good and White is Good. The church again teaching, guiding and instilling the same old practices.

The black smoke is from burning their lace bikini briefs and bras. They will be running around naked for the duration.Who really cares,Catholics around the world have been caught in SEX SCANDLES-They should rot in hell!They do not practice what they preach!They make there own rules as they go -including sexual abuse of the young and innocent.Bunch of pedophile #$%$!

Use the term "men" loosely when referring to Catholics. They all have lisps.

the new Pope will cellibrate by bathing in a kiddie pool filled with the spoo of 1,000 ALTERED-Boys!

Lol...wow catholics are morons. Why do u #$%$ need a pope to tell u what's right and what's wrong??? #$%$ look at all the sex scandals and yet all they do is try to conceal it by moving the #$%$ pedophiles to a new place... Is that really what bein Catholic is all about??? Shame on all religions, all they're being used for is to control all u morons, specially the ones hoping for white smoke...

p.s. we are living in the end times. the next pope could vary well be the last pope.

Is anyone going to promote the enormous contributions the church has accomplished in the last 2000 years?  All the critics are individualistic, hedonistic, and minimalistic to the maximum.

Where do these "Dopes" get the crazy "Garb"?The hats are the worse.Do they really know how stupid they look?

and they have invited 115 hairless boys for evening stress relief : )

Where do they get their popes from? Megan's Law website?

Why is the news so strongly convinced that all Catholic Priests are child molesters.  I know a few other religions that also have this problem.  Is it possible that child molesters are a part of society everywhere and maybe we need to address the problems associated with it and how to solve this problem.GOOGLELance Armstrong was stripped, falsely accused of the most sophisticated conspiracy in the History of Sports.Religion and Politics are the other two "most sophisticated conspiracy ever" acts, this time with actors in the role of accused.

A bunch of creepy dudes in red robes locking themselves in the ole chapel

Who cares about a new pedophile-in-chief.  Most of those old pervs belong in jail.

So much hunger and poverty in this world, and just seeing popes, churches dressed in gold with vip helicopters, personal guards etc just makes me sick. Not to mention what some popes have done to children as we all know.A real priest/pope  for me would give EVERYTHING to help the poor etc. That person i would call a REAL SAINT..  If you could just imagen, just the vatican its self is worth $900mil and that is without  St. Peter's Basilia, Sistine Chapel etc.. Totall assets 27.44billion Euro.  you could imagen how much more good it could do in this world. I cant say that the church does not help the poor, but for me its only one little drop in the ocean of what els it could offer.Once again.. 27.44billion Euro.Good day..

I dont want to hear about Vatican. I rather want to hear more about the Queen of London. SHe does not molest young children.

no wheres in biblical christianity is there a pope mentioned,or a bishop to rule over the church.jesus is head of gods church,not a man .behold this is pure religion,not christianity.some of these so called popes were nothin short of being tyrants. being a christian for well over 45 years and reading and studying the bible,i find no wheres is a man head of the church,this is pure roman teaching,and pure heresy.how ever man are easly lead astray by these false teachers.read the bible have faith in jesus,not a man in a dress.so much religious none sence,and so little faith in the savior of the world,jesus the christ of god.

We Need a Pope of our time some one in their 40s or 50s. It's time The Collage of Cardinals exclude themselves as "Too Old"  and  look at Priests and Bishops for a Pope like  President John Kennedy was in the 1960's.

Let the Bull Sheet begin!

do the back of those hats say,  fed ex

Urrgghhh. Enough with the smoke already! What happened to a simple news conference. We still like to live in the dark ages?I agree with Joseph... they should be in prison... these priests are just bad people who have been protected by the church

what if the place was on fire ......lol

they have a bath house there just for the boys lol

"Look at the faces. The mental defective league....in formation !" R.P. Mc Murphy

smoke and mirrors

i dont see any smoke from D C

Makes me think of that song "One of Us".. "What if God was one us...a stranger on the bus, trying to make his way home.."...

I did not know they are electing a diesel pope

The media is spending way too much time on this.  It gives the pompous priests the mistaken feeling that they are relevant.

#$%$ church full of molestersI just thought it meant they elected a black pope!?

NO MORE Pimp Out PedophilE

Is it done yet?

A new springtime for the church. Its an exciting time. Its a breathe of fresh air. Congratulations.

It's tough to pick a new leader of "the little boy rapists club". Bummer.

Can't wait to see who the new grandmaster boy pimp will be.

Pope always look's like he is trying to cast a spell on people.

I wonder if there will be boys in there?

Hopefully they don't allow any Boy Scouts or any other little boys into that conclave.  To do so would be a finger fuqing catastrophe.  Sick old men.

What else are they doing in there? It can't be Popeapolooza 24/7, right? They arrived last week and they're barely getting to the electing. What have they done in all that time? Does it involve music and cocktails? Of course it does. And in those frilly dresses you know some debauchery occurred.May the Devil rise from the sulpher pits and become the Holy Pope and put an end to all this B.S.

"Little boys pants laying out in front of the vatican: no pope chosen yet."

I woke up, turned tv on all talking about this. Finally, they have to close the door..no more tv about this. Thank you! The news anchor said something like this "he will be the leader of the religious world. For people follow the church, they're anxious, what's about people who don't follow the church" I was thinking, media is making it such a big deal. I don't care but now, make me curious who will be the next pope lol

#$%$ ! This world doesn't need another IDIOT pope ! Just look around you people how our world is #$%$ UP by ourselves and even by these "saint fathers" who loves to rape children !

They should do the voting like "SURVIVOR". I think it would really appeal to the US networks (who don't have anything better to do). Picture this... Cardinal walks up to the alter where he places his ballet, looks into the camera and... "I'm voting for Luigi... he's been the best in the challenges and knows the most little boys..." LOLI'm Catholic but this is really ridiculous. A bunch of old guys following old tradition MADE BY MAN. God is probably sitting up there shaking his head.

Why so much coverage of the pope? These are the people that raped and destroyed the lives of our young boys. I have no respect for any of them. I could care less about who becomes pope. The last one was smart, he knew when to get out !

Makes me wonder.. These people believe good gave them their holy power and what not... how can god believers question the popes having sex with kids... god could have told them to do it for all we know......

Hear ye hear ye hear ye we are gathered hear to watch a child molester supporting church elect a new head child molester. This has to be a saddest day in the history of the religious world. Catholic church if you want to repent for your sins hand over the ex pope to the authorities.

This group has no relationship to Christ...it is well past time to cleanse the temple.

oboma going to  isreal the 20th of this mounth  5 days before the passover--just as jesus did--jesus road a mule--and oboma will have a mule to--the demacratic logo is his mule--now the big question is is oboma going to sing the peace treaty with many peoples...who gives a F

The church lost a very large amout of credibility.  The election of the next pope is nothing but a popularity contest.  A true heir tthe to throne should have (at the very least), some of the DNA of the very first pope.  There is not now, nor has there ever been a truea true Pope without a DIRECT linkage to every single prior pope.  The situation is that of the CEO of Catholicism, has retired.  It is just a business.

if this is really end times then john paul the 2nd will raise from the dead as the second beast...

rome is the harlot and the 2ND beast plain and simple...

The Cardinals will not elect a Black Pope, just another example of The Man keeping a Brother down

All have sinned, and the only way to heaven is through Jesus Christ. Not Mary the statue. Thou shalt have no other gods before me. So what does that tell you about this religion?

This is insane really. Who cares ( not I ) and I'm so tired of hearing about this in the news already, the ONLY thing I think of when it comes to the pope and the Catholic Church is the amount of sexual abuse their involved in and I'm tired of being reminded of it by the media. Enough is enough

They whorship tamuz, not God!

Try as you might to paint the modern Church as 'troubled' the truth is the Church by its very nature is 'troubled'. Jesus' own ministry was 'troubled' as can be seen in how his 'term' as leader ended on the cross and subsequently chaos and doubt ensued among his followers. That is of course if you believe the way those events were told which is of course what the Church teaches. So of course the Church is made up of human beings, as it always has, and retains its 'troubled' elements.

I love reading these message boards because it cracks me up that so many people are ignorant( = lack of Knowledge) to true World History. They watch a documentary or two and become History Majors and puke ignorant comments on yahoo message boards. But I know that those same people are the know it all idiots of there surroundings.bunch of jokers ,where they been in time of crimes to humanity,see a example whyMy people, USA,ISRAEL,ENGLAND,IRAN,FAKE RELIGION LEADERS, ALL CRIMINALS,SOME NEW SOME OLDEisenhower warns us of military industrial complex. Lincoln,about what future sayMy People,our criminal system need a bogeyman,before Russia,today Muslim,Korea,tomorrow ?IRAN PROBLEM IS  RESULT OF OVERTHROWING MY ROYAL FAMILY 90 YEAR AGO AND PUT PUPPET IN POWERJUSES,DO TO OTHERS AS EXPECT THEM DO YOU. MOHAMMAD,ALWAYS THINK PEOPLE MAY BE RIGHTPresident Obama said, Iranian are extraordinary people with extraordinary historyBush said, Iranians are great people with fantastic historythese fanatic criminals today are result of Eropean and US and ISRAEL  crime to the worldWe kill good people and put criminal Puppet to take resource,is morally and legally wrongOnly talk about Iran should be for peaceful freedom for people and give them back 1000000000(trillion dollar) to people and their families for what US and England,IsraelAnd rest of... done wrong for killing,theft and destruction for last 90 years198	IN 1981  IsraelI and US arm dealers helped Saddam Hossein to make 8 year war on Iran199	ONE MILLION IRANIAN DIED OR INJURED AND DESTRYED THE COUNTRY and arm dealers Take 36 billion just from Saudi Arabia,with that money we could have 6000000(six million)water wells TO FEED THE WORLD AND MAKE THE EARTH BEAUTIFULAMERICANS AND ISRAELIES AND ENGLAND AND REST OF.. SHOULD ASK THEMSELF how do you FEEL if IRAN do that to you 90 yearsTO SEE HOW CIVILIZED Iranian people are ,After 50 year suffering by US And ENGLAND when revolution  happened in 1979,not even one American got hurt or killed, but in 1980s when 52 Americans held  hostage by fanatics almost all Iranian in America  attacked or abused and 14 was murder(and still going), now you tell me who is civilizedfor thousands of years Iran (PERSIA) brought knowledge to world from language to food   IRAN was land of freedom for all the people Jews, ChristiansEVIl ENGLAND OVERTHROW MY GREAT ROYAL FAMILY 90 YEAR AGO AND WITH THEIR PUPPET KING THEYSTART  KILLING AND SUCKING OIL FROM IRAN(PERSIA),also 1981 Israel and USA arm dealers helped Saddam Hossein to make 8 year war on Iran, ONE MILLION (1000000)IRANIAN DIED OR INJURED AND damaged  country BUT arm  dealers Take 36 billion JUST from Saudi Arabia ( AS Soudi Arabia finace manager said), with that money we could 6000000(six million)water wells TO FEED THE WORLD AND MAKE EARTH BEAUTIFUL ,MY PEOPLE, NOW DO YOU SEE THE EVILUSA IS FOR SALE,as Congress women said in radio kpfk every time you running for election Jews send you letter,they want 3 things, First,Israel military be strongest in the area  you do not see or hear this in media,if a Jews and Muslim(Mosalman) they kill eachother  jews control Media  report the Muslim 16 times more,this is treason to our constitution Some Jews spay and send our technology to Israel and selling it back to us and another countries and are selling small arms around the world or make war, sending millions of American jobs to IsraelRead Iran history ,learn our and others crime to the world, you love IRAN (PERSIA)foreverWHEN PERSIA(IRAN) GOT CIVILIZATION EROPEANS LIVE INVERY DARK AGES(no teaching in school)Persian university was place of knowledge long time before Eropean  KILLING AND ROBBING YOU AND WITH HELP OF SADAM HOUSIAN BOMB YOUR MOTHER FOR 8 YEARSIRAN is 4 th in supplayer of oil and 2 th in natural gas ,but last 90 year IRAN lost AND DAMAGED ONE TRILLION ($1000000000) BY England,USA,ISRAEL and puppet king and today fanatic government that killed 20000 in frist 20 year in new Eropean human rights report90 YEAR CRIME TO IRANIANS AND 64 YEAR TO PLESTININS AND OTHERS IS ENOUGHThis is from the descendant of one of the greatest Royal family that in last 100 year  brought two time freedom in Iran , but overthrowed by England 90 year agoafter my family gone, killing and stealing come to IRAN,a

All this sex crimes,the church is in troubled times blah blah #$%$ is just more Liberal media,ya know the stuff the sheep are only allowed or willing to watch.See I will watch both sides,read a book here an there,pray for the truth and THEN form an opinion on my own.Crazy huh?!!!   Anywayz if you watch EWTN you would realize from their own mouths that this is not a democracy,they don't vote ppl in.They have not expressed any troubles.We are so use to arguing what we THINK would be the best option.Ppl all over the world are joining in prayer and asking for GOD to choose.Its a sacramental,heavily traditional process and what we think or want has little to do with it.Yea I know we have done so well getting what we THINK we want,so it makes no sense ey?!! Tough #$%$ it is the way it is for a reason!!Yes bad ppl have infiltrated the Catholic religion,there is still bad ppl in it now.If you read in depth about the sex scandals of the past it was a group of ppl whose sole purpose was to dirty the faith.Lot of good ppl covered up things letting themselves go down with the evil,but they were all ppl they all made their own choices.The church itself is not to blame.The devil hates this religion,and if you size Catholicism next to any other one it is the most hated/misunderstood so of course it is the most attacked. It is because the root faith is our Original religion...      I pray for Gods will in who becomes our next Pope,have mercy on all of us sinners

would love to see an American pope to take office but if not hoping they are a great candidate for the job.

I nominate Cardinal Plentypeter to be Pope Caligula 1.

New Pope? come on!  King of pedophiles.

These clowns would all look good in hand cuffs, picking up garbage on the side of the road...

Are they playing "Hide the One Eyed Bishop"?

Hope he's not a kiddie fiddler like the rest of them.

The mind boglles as to what goes on in there

if you are not catholic why worry, catholic haters...they are ready to elect the False Prophet.  Get READY, we are living in interesting times!

Never let thinking critically interfere with your faith.

The Lord God must come down and to see his church how troubled they are. Lord have mercy..........

when you see jesus you see god the father---not mary-----like jesus said who is mary----

Angel and Demons(Tom Hanks) is a great movie. It also sheds some perspective on what this election is about.... pretty scary too.!!!I pray that The Lord is in full control....👊

Pope "Chester the Molester I"

This is just a secret faternity of pedofiles and homosexual men that are living a lie. They don't marry because they don't want to be. They choose this path because they are accepted and protected by others like them and this has been going on for hundreds of years. It's a hypocrisy and a sin and yet people of Catholic faith just turn their heads and deny this happening. I do believe in God and my family is of Catholic faith, but it has always bothered me that this will never change because we allow this to continue.

What a truly rotten organisation this has been

This is just a big show for a bunch of evil rapists!!!!

Priest = Child molesterthe blind lead the blind.. BOTH fall into the PIT.. they elect a  group of silly fat  old men in  dresses.. whose self importance is more important that  the welfare of the people.. what did you expect????

This will be interesting on who they choose, what points of view they bring to a total MESS of a church that practices false god worship, idolatry,( Jesus said the only way to the father is through HIM. Not Mary, not Joseph, not Saint Jude and so forth)all the sex abuse scandals that include nuns as well as priests, higher ups with the catholic church. I am SOOO GLAD i did not get caught up into, joined the catholic faith. beset by sex abuse scandals, bureaucratic infighting, financial difficulties and the rise of secularism.My family tried, my step father's family i should say, i got sent to a catholic school for 4th grade. My family learned after that. They worry about the rise of secularism, gee can't imagine why that's happening.

The world will only find Truth, Peace, ann Justice if the social doctrine of the church is put into practice.

I hope they do better than the US did with a president!

So much hateful and jealous comments here from people who have no knowledge or respect for someone else's right to freedom of religion.  The Catholic faith and its millions of believers pray for those like you every day.  Do not judge others or a religion you know nothing about.  Instead, why not focus your efforts on something positive and respectful of others.

To those anti-Catholic &amp; atheists posting negative comments to this news article:The anti-Catholics keep using the same words: pedophile, molester, calling the Pope "Satan", etc.I don't understand why you bother to criticize Catholic topics and issues that have nothing to do with your interest.  Personally, I do not read news that doesn't interest me.  Why are you reading and commenting this article when you do not understand the Catholic faith?

much ado about nothing

What do you want to bet - they don't wear underwear or jock straps under those robes???

hopefully they're burning jews in there to keep the smoke rolling..."lucio! Toss another yarmukle on before the coals get the kibbitz ah?"

Honestly who cares??? I grew up Catholic and never really noticed the Pope making a real difference. Tithes are collected, property os purchased, child molesting priests are moved, no one is helped... When my parents had a house fire &amp; lost everything their long standing in the church got them no help, no assistance from the church, not even a do you need clothing. The only help came from the red cross amd salvation army. But come the fall festival they wantes their $$$ to help set things up.may the next pope come from Asia

The Vatican is nothing more than the international headquarters for nambla. Why isn't it on the Taliban's "to-do" list?

God willing they consider Dennis Rodman. He's a worthy and deserving choice for pontiff, just what the church needs to get with the times turn itself in the proper direction.

Resurrect Jim Jones and make him the Pope...

I was born and brought up catholic, bt i stil wonder why dis conclave(election) must maintain dis huge secrecy at the xpensive of huge catholic members who ar hungry of transparency &amp; democracy.

against gay marriage but wears embroidered sparkly gowns and bejeweled crowns,haha,jokes on them.

I'm glad I'm not Catholic because if they picked a colored boy I'd have to quit.

All Idiots believe, like they are crowning a catholic King !!!!!! Does the new Pope have to be Gay or child molesting on his resume.??????

what color does child porn burn?

big deal,the new pope is really Satan ,they molest children and get away with itMust be a boys camp going on with all these fools flying to rome

One day you'll be able to tell your grandchildren how you followed the election of a new pope, the smoke signals, the excitement.  How cool!

Black smoke after my 1st bowel movement this morning.

Apparently the picking of a new pope overshadows the second coming of Obama, and his merry henchmen.

I vote Bishop Bologna Loaf Up The Buttt.

My priest has a huge genital package. He shows it to me all the time.

I grew up catholic then as adult I went to some christian churches then I joined the Mormon church. Out of all the churches I have been to the Mormon was the most correct. I say was because I am really starting to think there is no God. Not a single one of my prayers in my life time since being a child has ever been answered I see other peoples not being answered either. If there is anything close to a God I think it is a being from another world or galaxy who may come one day and raise us all from our DNA or something genetic like and they will be able to tell If we were good person from it or bad. There is great lessons in Religion that I will always follow. Good religion is very very important for all of us and I will continue to go to churches with friends.The Bible is the most complete history book we have.

The fact that people paying attention to this is the proof that human race is still not mature enough.  can't believe in these day and age, people still believe this make-believe fairy tale.

The Last Vestage of the "Dark Ages".

Jesus Christ came to replace man-made temples with inner temples of the heart. But His legacy did not last long. Soon, greedy people realized that could monetize the name of Jesus and act on His behalf (since Jesus wasn't physically present in this realm anymore, and hence couldn't expose them - oh, how convenient for them).I just hope and pray that one day all those brainwashed by the church see through the twisted lies that's being served to them. I don't buy the argument that "oh, but not all priests are bad and the church has long stopped butchering heretics, torturing innocent women and killing hundreds of people in crusades."If a company, say, Walmart, did something blood-chillingly horrible and inhumane as that, would you ever buy from them? I wouldn't. But church believers turn blind eyes to the church's past (and often present) wrongdoings. Which makes them its accomplices!Think about it, they commited crimes in God's name, and you're sponsoring their business.By the way, I have no wish to stage any naked protests or spit the church in the face, because that would only prove that people stop being people without the church. In fact, if all the churches of the world just disappear right now, I couldn't care less and would still be the same person.I have my moral principles and know what's right and what's wrong, because I never silenced the voice of consciousness in my heart. That voice is given to me by God, not by the church. The church wants me to listen to their voices instead, but I won't. Ever.ربنا يحفظ العالم من الشرورويعطى حكمه لكل رئيسليدير بكلام الله الذى يدعى للخير والسلام

Who's kidding who. Once the doors are shut the cardinals are playing cards, on Xbox playing "The Spanish Inquisition", wearing t's and flip flops, and a couple of brewskis

Could you Catholics just please select a Pope.It has been all over the news for weeks now and it is annoying. Those of us who are not Catholic don't care. Please end this madness so we can see real news.

Whoa!!!  Doesn't the Catholic Church care about global warming, air pollution, environmental stewardship????  What's in that black smoke?  yuck!

115 clowns in the circus.

Let them b getting married  to reduce the rate of sexual abuse. That rule is one of the so called Doctrin of men

bunch of damn rapists

Maybe a resignation of the el popo will become a regular thing.  Maybe then this Roman cult of child abusers will die out and hopefully they will all be in prison, not protected by their high priced lawyers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

will they play push in the star fish with the altar boys?

cult of many practising gay priests, who protected the sprinkling of pedophiles who had thedirt on each other and agreed to keep the dirt they had on each other secret-FREAKS!!!I do not care

Sounds like absolute proof god is not involved in the catholic church. It didn't take god five days to get the right burning bush an audience.

Black smoke?? Should be fireworks show!!

According to Malachy Prophesy, if they choose a pope named "Peter", we had all better run for the hills.  He is supposed to be the last pope and it's NOT going to be good.

priests are bored of sisters after 18th century so they are decided to go after young boys

Elect Whoopi Goldberg as Pope!

we need a woman as pope at least then i could see a reason for the dress

One thing must be understod by the church, Nature and bible demand that preest should be allowed to merry if cant controle himself.

Where the smoke comes from, are they all in a circle smoking weed will voting????

why don't the priest give up some of that gold,,! who said god needs all of that money and diamonds, MAFIA RULED BROTHER-HOOD.YOUR PEOPLE ARE STARVING AND HAVING A REDICULOUS AMOUNT OF BABIES THEY NEED YOUR MONEYFox News has a GAY MAN, Shepperd Smith, reporting from the Vatican. Irony , anyone

If these "men in dresses" kept it in their pants, there would be no troubled church.

OH BOY,Who will be the next Catholic Pimp ,I mean Pope?

The sad thing is people actually believe that Roman Catholicism is biblical Christianity...nothing could be further from the truth!

Green smoke means another billion spent on child abuse settlements.

Just like a beaten wife defies all logic and returns to her abuser, catholics around the world continue to rally around their church after countless incidents of child molestations prove that this filthy cult is a breeding ground for pedophiles.

Child Molesting Cardinals!

Who cares what all these old #$%$ and pedophiles do.

This is the 112th Pope.  The next pope is the 113th Pope (Doomsday Pope).  This pope announced his resignation on February 11 or 2-11.  The Europeans read it is 11-2 (112).  He announced it at the same time the "ships would stand still in the waters"  can you say Carnival cruise.  He announced it the same time that the "Skies will light up with fire"  Can you say meteors screaming through the atmosphere... Too many coincidences!!!

666.............666...........666...................................................If they weren’t a bunch of pedophiles that committed the most heinous acts with innocent children they would actually be funny. I mean, come on, old perverts dressed like fools parading for the world to see.

lluminati will stage "Begin of the New Age" March 22, 2013GOOGLE"Begin of the New Age" is part of the illuminati religion.

If the  new Pope will allow ladies to take Birth Control  pills and  the priest to  MARRY will certainly solve a lot of the Catholic churches problems.......

It's difficult to watch an all exclusive men's club deciding which of their many out-of-touch individuals will claim to be next our moral voice.-Recovering Catholic

#$%$ pope and cardinals.. they ruined the world!!!

Count on at least a week of black smoke.  This is PR at it's best.  It's free.

Fold your hands, look at the steeple.Open your hands, see all the sheeple.

God is with the Pope's and will guide them in the right direction. All Pope's are not bad people, as in all religions there are bad people. This will be a tuff decision and am sure they will make the right one...

The problem is in the whole world not the church.the catholic church is the most organised and successful church ever had in this world.all we have to do it to pray hard 4 God to appoint another pope that will lead us to the promise land.Amen

White smoke means they found a new pope who will agree to protect them all from child molestation charges...What drama (circus)? Installing chimneys, Swiss guards, chimney smoke and it goes on and on! And then we make fun of virgins in heaven?

Black Voodoo magic. The worlds largest cult

Join  us  in   prayer  as    we      hope  cardinal  Arinze  will  become  the  next   pope.     frm   Eze   Patrick   Ebonyi.

they all bend over for the one eyed bishop!

and the winner is......?

I am confident that the saint malachy prophecy will be true to an extent. Im not Catholic im pentacostal but I think this next pope will b the false profet the bible speaks of in revalation.

I wonder if Jesus can get drunk on his own blood?

These are tough times and the Cardinals have got to make the right decision. Take your time, boys.

Catholic Church = Lowest vibration wave form in the universe.  If you actually understand science, you know what I mean.

why the black smoke?? cant they just simply say that they still haven't elected a new pope instead of being all dramatic.... lolLooks like the pope pooped out.

Did anyone really expect the white smoke on a rainy day.   They have the pope, just has to be a nice day not gloom

anybody wana spew venom with me?

Electing a new ''cult'' leader

freak show

Why do you think they call it "Seminary" School?

Tha black smoke iz really sacrifices to their alien overlordz! It's white after they find a new host body! Duh!

The black smoke is produced by burning the sacramental slightly used underoos

Click thumbs up to vote for a full bull doze of the vatican.

The next pope should be one of the African cardinals. Can't tell me that each of those white guys doesn't look creepy as all get out.nomine Patris, et Filii, et Spiritūs Sancti, ALL YOU W-0PS GET OFFA DA LAWN!!!

and they have invited 115 hairless boys for evening stress relief : )

they all bend over for the one eyed bishop!

Would you leave your son alone in that conclave?? His B-hole is gonna need some holy water when you pick him up

At least the authors got it right. This is the ROMAN Catholic Church.  Not the CATHOLIC church. Big difference.

Too bad the smoke doesn't represent their fiery death. Oh well.

Would you guys just be patient. We're going to have a new pope no matter what. Just let the illuminati do their job.

I hope the new Pope brings back human sacrifice!! Like when Jephthah burned his daughter alive for God!

The Pope ''Child Molestor IV'' has not been chosen yet ? That sucks , kids you will have to wait a little longer.

Who cares, one child fracker or another child fracker...their all the same.This is going to take forever because all cardinals have to gay finger bang each others butts

it's amazing that we as a society take this s**t seriously...

dont rape children

Did anyone expect something else?  Besides, how would the guy who made that film know?  That isn't even the right smokestack.  "Oh, just grab a piece of file footage, nobody will ever know the difference."

Red smoke signals they're in love with a special someone!

The Pope thats leaving was evil looking. Is this the last Pope according to St. Malachi? I would say so. This world's steeped in sin and hate. The Antichrist is here. Either in power now or waiting to assume power. If you value your soul Id refrain from fornicating, doing drugs, lieing, stealing, you know sinning. Satans real if you dont believe it get some books on black magic. Things will come a knocking.

Who cares? This stuff is so old fashioned. So yesteryear. Let's get with the times and report about things that REALLY matter!

Religion is a illness

Mafia seeks new Godfather. Best to kill all the red birds in their #$%$ and hold a estate sale and donate the proceeds to a worthy charity.

They ought to elect another woman pope. Like pope Joan in the 13th century.O lord my darling catholic church in this trying time amen!!!

Andrew Dice Clay is the front runner

How do you know that the catholic priests are throwing a party? ...all of the Big Wheels parked out front.

Just another proof that all religions are man made junk

We must continue to educate our children and protect them from this disease of Religion. They prey on the weak and ignorant. We must ridicule all religious mythology and expose them for the hate filled, intolerant stupidity that they are. Money sucking, blood spilling parasites. As far as the Catholics hiding their child molesters, burn the Vatican to the ground.

Not only is the smoke bad for the environment, but who needs a pope?I pray the spirit of God influences all those cardinals to "tear down this wall!"They currently ignore that Jesus Christ is the Head of the church, and are hell bent on their own leader, just as the Israelites who rejected God for their own king. It was not God's will they had a king, but he tolerated it. It is not God's will to have a pope, (our God is a jealous God) and He will judge those who reject Him.Mt. 28:18 "And Jesus came and spake unto them, saying, All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth." KJV

I won't be able to sleep tonight.   *eyeroll*    They should've given a tour of the Sistine Chapel instead of making us stare at a bunch of old dudes in dresses.

BLACK SMOKE.......Does that mean a Black Pope???

No more smoke and mirrors

I thought they were going to use Twitter to announce they had a winner?Elect the Cardinal who has the biggest #$%$; so he will have a big following !!Confession is the answer, so you can feel good about doing it 'again' !!

Meeting with the best food and drink and -------, oh well one more week who cares

What happens behind the closed doors? Does S.T.N appear to them? Why the secrecy?

the best policy will be allowing all these catholic priest to start getting married.

....and?...............

I figured pink would be the color of choice this year

I just want to see if this comment will be blocked by the administrator.

Real freak show.

Were you, perhaps, expecting a miracle?????

The Catholics are worse than the Muslims.  Read any book on the Popes and you'll agree.black smoke indicates they sacrificed someone in the chimney... keep following the beast catholic fools

read your bibles---you worship no one but jesus---and that means mary to------

Actually, they took a break and roasted some chestnuts.

When a man strikes his male or female slave with a rod so hard that the slave dies under his hand, he shall be punished.  If, however, the slave survives for a day or two, he is not to be punished, since the slave is his own property.  (Exodus 21:20-21 NAB)

Any one praying with these OLD CRIMINALS are just as guilty and should be charged with the sins of rape

They are messing with us on the 1st round. They must be having a nice Barbeque in there!

BREAKING NEWS: Absolutely nothing has happened.  - Yahoo News

What if they place was on fire and everyone just sees black smoke then just carries on with their day and the building burns down! Yeah made you think huh!

Remember, when you see the smoke it means they are burning the evidence.

Give me a break!  I condemn the entire Catholic religion.  These are a bunch of sick, perverted individuals (and in my opinion those Priests who help cover up the extensive sex scandals are just as guilty as those who actually performed their homosexual acts upon these poor children).  And because this is another typical example of a "good old boy club" it needs to be destroyed complete.  What god do these freaks serve???'Habemus Papam' translates as: "The junior group of pedophiles and pedophile enablershave just elected a new Senior Pedophile Enabler!"PROTECT YOUR CHILDREN---keep them away from the Catholic Church!

We needs black pope or somebody from u.s.a

If a black is elected, they will lose their following. Following = money. Not happening.

and they have invited 115 hairless boys for evening stress relief : )

I am new to this planet. Why hasn't your god caused these guys to burst into flames for touching little boys?

Cardinals are choosing?  Why are flawed humans choosing a pope?  Shouldn't the catholic god choose him and tell the rest of us?

I would imagine the secret is XXX.

they need to toss out celibacy, which was started in around 200 ad. and start teaching the bible and get away from all the man made issues and rules that don't mean anything. read church history from an independent source.

maybe they can invite the bieber over for an evening of fun and games lol

We do need to clean up our act, but what about the millions of children killed in their mothers wombs which should be a safe and sacred place.  Check out the movies, TV and our neighborhoods all the with sex, guns, violence, etc.  What about dishonest government officials, police, teachers, lawyers and other so called Christian churches.  Wow!  There's much to be cleaned up.  Pray for the Cardinals, even if you're not Roman Catholic.Rumor has it Obama may get elected Pope..That way he can remove the religious aspect from such a prestigious office.

I hope they got the altar boys out in time because this is going to be a long session......

The church ran itself into the ground, when , they let benedict quit and not fix the child abuse scandal,him being the brightest of his contemporaries !

If they only spent this amount of effort helping those in need.

Cardinal John Tong Holmes?? Did I just hear that right?? They have a John Holmes as Cardinal

This is said to be the last pope before the Apocalypse.. This pope is supposed to be the Anti-Christ, lets hope not.

Who cares it won't change how they operate - the only thing will get their attention is for people to STOP giving them $

No one wants to be pope and those who do you don't wan to be pope. Who wants to be in charge of 1 fifth of the world (about 1.2 billion)?

Too much secrets, a lot of business I wish to be a fly,

#$%$ is with the car horns in the background??I want to see those exotic half-naked tumblers again! lol

It would be great if the new pope says it's ok for priests to be married after they're ordained . That's a step forward.

Diddle up!!

I know that the holy spirit would guide the cardinals to elect the pope who would lead the catholic church to face its hydra-headed problems , including secularism and the sex scandals.  in God we trust!

Those are so old white men dressed in red

Who is worst: the Cartels or the Pope?

If evil had a face....

Even the ones who hide criminals confessions of all types as well .They should be marryed in order to give merriage advice. Change there view on who they are human as well. They have needs as well so do it the right way and join the other churchse who have partners man ort woman it will take the pain away of pretending that it dosent hurt that you cant fell real love physically.

I hope this one cracks down on the ever constant molester breeding group: the catholic religion.

priests prefer young boys because they are tired of too much sisters lol!There probably all booty busting each other right now.The Catholic church is finished,biggest scam ever started by guys who didn't want to work.

i wish these guys makes heaven.on that last day,there will be many surprises

If all that praying last time only pulled a Hitler youth, I'm not holding out much hope

666 = Having nothing in common with The Living Godly God.  Even the "head" is sick!

Wow, this is a #$%$ up bunch.

Don't bother..

The Church needs to be reformed and the world should be taken into consideration that the Church can give the message it needs in this turmoil.

Question, If the church got rid of, not transfer all the sex offenders in the intire church. Would they be able to keep all the doors open. Just a thought.

We, as christians should be more concerned about saving the perishing souls and not who heads our denomination that has long been burried in religious rituals than Christ's teachings and examples.

This an ideal time for the church to take a strong posture as a true loving understanding source of strength for people to see as a guiding light to what we all should be.The world is a shame right now we must all stop being so concerned  about ME ME MEWe have a responsibility to so many people in needyes! its a trouble world!

According to the Bible, not the catholic bible, God would send messages with his angels to who ever he was going to make the leader of his people. Catch my drift, why cannot he do the same for the catholics. NEVER PUT YOUR TRUST IN MAN, that's why messages came directly from GOD. Wake up people i smell something fishy here.

Slow news day?

the catholic church should hold onto its doctrines and deeds as the first church of jesus christ with much emphasis on aliviating poverty and environmental consavation.and this calls for an academic rather ideological leader of the church

Historic Moment - The Vatican could be electing their LAST pope.

elton John for pope

Take care the pope must be marian ie respecting the role of the blessed virgin mary as did the blessed yohane paulus ii..who intodused and highly indulgenced the mysteries of light in the 21st century's grading of the rosary!

Why do people criticize the Catholic Church? They have low regards for women, they are bigoted and intolerant,they are homophobes,and they are hypocrites. The Catholic Church does not burn people for witchcraft any more, because the government doesn't allow them to do so. The Church does teach people that gays are evil doers, who are doing the work of the devil. This has inspired some to beat up and murder gay people. They speak with a forked tongue. They say they hate the sin but love the sinner. Bull S**t, their preaching against gays has caused much violence against them. A big can of worms has been opened up, and has exposed the church's hypocrisy.  There are many bad things about the Church that we all need to addressed, because they effect us all. We should do this with a little kindness and understanding. Most Catholics are good people, and it is a difficult time for them now.

If this was any other religion or social group there would definitely be heads rolling or #$%$ in jail.  Somebody please tell me why.

I hope they all die! Wouldn't it be awesome if someone bombs that conclave? That's would usher in a new era of world peace!aspetto forse l'anno 2013 grande riforma ancora. benny 16 è iniziato bene. christian mondo sono sempre rilevanti.

I’ll be the Pope.  First, I will issue an edict that all priests and nuns can marry.  Then I’d pick a cute little virgin nun for my very own wife with the intent purpose of creating a family making some children with the help of the Almighty God of Abraham and Sarah, Isaac and Rebecca, Israel and Leah, Rachel, Bilchah and Zilphah, the twelve tribes of Israel and their wife’s, Dinah and her Husband and David King of Israel and all his queens.Call Me Maybe!

In the Bible it talks about the beast is Is and Is Not and Yet Is. = Perpetual vanish and replacement of the POPE

The new poop who?

They are just in their blowing each other.

cardinal tagle....

The new pop to be should focus on inter faith dialogue and building world peace and warn jews and christian from persecuting Muslims especially at middle east. Barr kura

should have knowledge on other religions &amp;vast knowledge on Christianity

It's been not much more than "black smoke" for the last 2000+ years from the Catholic Church... 1 billion people plus are easily parted with their senses...

The world's most vile, disgusting cult.some one should burn all these child molesting, world taking over, brain washing, disgusting PHUCKS!.

pls where is the cardinal from Ghana. is he among the voters or the onece tobe elect as pope.

may the name of the lord be praised both now and forever amen

aren't they pretty in their nice red dresses!

If that should be the case why not stop the issue of    celibacy. Let them start marrying so as to stop homosexualism and other sex crimes amongst them.

All the cardinals in one place at the same time. Maybe they'll do the Harlem Shake!

my womAN IS LOOKING FORWARD TO HeARInG E OFTHE NEW POPE,illb joyful 4 her  also,,,,

Next and last scripted "pope": Bertone fake identity sets FOUR fake names recordThe last "pope", to be announced March 22 shortly after Ariel Sharon will "die", sets a new record for fake identities: not two and half (like Dr Ron Paul), not three (like Willard Mitt Romney"), not three and a half (like Barack Hussein Obama II) but FOUR fake names.GOOGLEThe next and last scripted "pope" is a TOTALLY fake identityAll 4 names are totally fake, not only the middle name "Pietro" (like Louise Ciccone alias "Madonna") but ALL FOUR names, from Tarcisio to Bertone.The actor scripted to play "Peter the Roman" was "baptised" by the illuminati in the same period as "Ron Paul", just 3 years before "Romney" and six years before "Obama".His activity before becoming a member of the "Church" was what you would expected from the illuminati religion's goal of endless deception.

Look at this!!!This is one of the most compelling reasons why I think Cardinal Bertone will take the Papal throne.Tarsicio Pietro Bertone.  Currently the Carmelenga or Secretary of State for the Vatican, and also qualifies for pope.II Thessalonians 2:3, the Antichrist is mentioned as the Son of Perdition.John 17:12, Jesus refers to Judas as the Son of Perdition.Both John 6:71 and 13:26, the reference of Judas as the Iscariot.Using the puzzle of an anagram, the names tarsicio and iscariot match! The letters are the same, just mixed around.Revelation 13:18, “Here is puzzle that calls for wisdom...”  Puzzles have pieces, I think this one is a perfect fit!

this will be the last pope the end of the church is coming is about timeWe need an American pope. To bring peace to the World...

the Pimp Out PEdophile is no hope, you dope

This whole process is so hoaky! Black Smoke ,White Smoke next they'll be burning Witches again!

Strange men in funny hats. Have a lot of penance to do before God forgives them for their crimes against children. I know I will never forgive them and hope the church crumbles to the ground to be forgotten forever.

How many child molesters can Dance on the Head of a Pin?

R, because black is darkness, hidden, bad, negative etc...any more questions?

Jesus Christ is the head of my church. He is the one I pray to, he is the one and only "pope" not these monkeys.  What some of them do to children discredits everything I believe Christianity stands for. It's disgusting.

I always blame the victims of any and all crimes at least 20%.....with that being said hang any and all perpetrators by the #$%$

A younger Pope was just elected! He's only 12 but hey he's a new kid on the block.

lets hope its not a petifile this timeNo human no d beginin, n no waman can no d end-------------

Don't look at Chimney! Let's The Holy Spirit guide the conclave to vote the right next Pope to navigate the Church Boat in the rough sea! Let's pray harder.

#$%$ Eye for Catholics.

White smoke a little weed.

How many wicked witches must be burnt per day by these holy men to keep the smoke black?

I just watched a show on the Discovery Channel about Pope John Paul I.  He only lived for 33 days after threatening to reform the church!  Makes me say hmmmm!  I'm still praying but I'm not sure there's much hope for change.

Priesthood has lost all creditabilty, nothing but buch of gathering of "Herbert the Perverts"

Christ sake!  We're gonna see black smoke for days, maybe weeks.  Why don't they have a normal ballot box vote.  Each runner write on the paper who they want, tally it up and the one with the most votes is the next God!!!!!!!

Grown men in dresses and silly hats living off donations from the poor locking themselves behind closed doors awaiting possession by Caspar the Ghost to select their next leader.

The Cardinals are looking for the Pope in the Pizzia!!!So they are still playing bingo. I guess when one of those cardinals finally gets a bingo we will have a pope. I think those cards have Roman n umerals on them.

black smoke, white smoke...drowning in archaic tradition.  can we just get a tweet when they are done. lol

nomine Patris, et Filii, et Spiritūs Sancti, ALL YOU W-0PS GET OFFA DA LAWN!!!

I like my OJ with less pope anyway.

There should be a secret underground tunnel through which children can be trafficked into the chapel.  Just to make those voting guys happy during these hard times.

What do you think they're smoking on? Purple or Loud? I think it's that purple!

One of our friend from Africa, so that he can work hand in hand with US president, to lay foundation for the church and for the entire humanity.

Black smoke...what kinda stuff they smokin up in there?

Did you know that they burn Good Year radials to make the black smoke.

Is it really necessary to pollute the air for this?I did not read the article.I am just here for the comments.Thanks .

SNL CONEHEAD CONVENTION MEETS THIS TUESDAY

Dalai Lama for Pope . Oh sorry he's not eligible, He's a good man.

Headline News: One(if not) the most corrupted business in the world looks for a new boss.His job will be to wear a funny hat and shift pedo-priests around the world when they get caught!These priest should meet their so called maker for the crimes against children and the complete cover up!

Wake up people, anything negative will get alot of media attention, this is what sells, this is what makes money. The Bible states that the LOVE OF MONEY IS THE ROOT OF ALL EVIL All religion including the catholic church loves money, that's why they are the richest organization in the world. Take a look at our TV shows today, our pop singers, gay marriage issues for example, this is what the media loves.Have you guys ever wonder what the next generation will be dealing with, think about it. Our governments are allowing gays to adopt children, these children are going or will be going to school with our children. Soon the numbers will be in the millions attending our schools influencing our kids, how satanic is that. We as christians and our churches are not doing enough to stop this evil practice, we are not educating our kids of this evil. Soon they'll be the majority and soon they'll have a president in the white house. Pray for our kids, if you think it's bad now, GOD have mercy on my kids and grand kids.

Why nobody is talking about a black (African)Pope? After all, we can....pleaseeeeee.

it would be cool if he calls himself peter 2   and usher in armegedon

hey, everybody pray with me that the pope come from ghana africa. anytime some one holds a high position in the world he executes it judiciously. just like kofi annan, the fmr. UN secretary General. so its my fervent that the new pope come from ghana.

If being in Heaven is anything like sitting in Church, count me out.

Transparency where? Its not 600 years its about 700 and something years since anyone has given God his two weeks. And a house divided will FALL! Especially over money. What else are we not being told by the Media or what lies are we being told to cover up whats really going on. Another example how the masses are control information. Transparency where?The level of ignorance and hate in most of these posts is amazing. It appears that Protestant propaganda is alive and doing very well.

My computer just burst into flames,no wait that was my junk. I laid down with an unclean woman last week.......I think i got it while begetting her...

GOOGLEOJ Simpson 1995 to Pistorius 2013, Dunblane 1996 to Sandy Hook 2013, the execution of Pope John Paul I 1978 to the "execution" of "Pope Benedict XVI" 2013, the execution of JFK, RFK and JFK Jr 1963-1968-1999 to the "execution" of "Obama", who will be sentenced to "death" 2013 by SCOTUS

am praying to my chia pet so my message can reach GOD

Devil worshippers! Its not anger.....its the truth. Just study them with an open mind.

Troubled church? Well lets see, they own the United States of America corporation. They own the military, intelligence and always have Knights of Malta as heads of the CIA. We have the roman eagle as the logo for everything in our government. In court, on your dollar bill, at the white house, the CIA and NSA logo etc. The church may have some child raping priests ruining their PR, but the Vatican as a corporation is doing just fine. Look up Maritime Admiralty law and our United States marines logo.

Who the  f    u    c    k  cares...

2 gud like may be..so that..

priest=child molester f*a*g*s cult

I'd like to see all the priests tied to a stake and burned alive, just like they did to the so-called heretics...that's what I'd like to see    :-)Obama must be in the list, so finally he will show up his true face: The ANTICHRIST! lol

I see a lot of comments about molester priests.  In my youth I spend several years in a Roman Catholic order and there are a few things most laymen do not understand.  There are basically two kinds of priests.  Secular priests, who are just under a bishop and order or congregation priests, who are a part of their orders.  I cannot speak for the whole universal church but the group I was with were both very holy and very compassionate for all.  If a priest was 'proven', not just falsely accused, they would have been recommended therapy for a mental problem but they would have been OUT.  That congregation would have never put up with any harm in any manner to any child.  I think the problem is a mix of the usual secrecy of the hierarchy, a mislead compassion for the messed up priest, and a lack of a solid policy from the top, i.e. the Pope.  Perhaps they new Pope will set a policy of strict guidelines.  Fellow clergy can still comfort and pray for a molester once they have been expelled from the priesthood and are in jail.  Try to save his soul later, but get him away from the kids first. Maybe the new Pope will let women be priests too and secular priests to marry.  Hey, I can dream can't I; and God does work in mysterious ways.

the churches are not the problem just the perverts that are in them !

wow no new pope..wow..what a revelation..couldnt figure that one out ALONE

homosexual church=satanic church.

They're not voting. They're watching gayy porn.

All those pervert cardinals will lay down on the floor of Sistine chapel and vote the new PEDOPHILE pope after getting their inspiration from those PORNOGRAPHIC images painted on the ceiling by Micheleangelo 500 years ago.

Does the white smoke come from burning the ballots or from burning the gay porn mags from all of the closet homosexuals?  I wish could live in a world where people value the truth.

Black smoke, white smoke...this is the 21st century...use the Internet or have someone call in your ridiculous candidate....it's time to reform.

She seriously said -"It would be good if he was young, so he can relate to younger people and bring them closer to the Church."Isn't the fact that many leaders of the church have been "relating to younger people" and "bringing them closer to the Church" part of what has the Catholic Church in so much trouble already?What? Too soon?please post to me about the recent pope

why would god help them to choose another god, remember the pope is infalable

When a pope is elected they will display a pair of little boys white underwear in the window.

Behind those closed doors are pedophilles in dresses and funny hats rolling on the floor speaking in tongues while possessed by Caspar the Ghost.  No wonder they want to maintain secrecy!

my bet is on the rubie slippers goes to ----- the guy from Brazil!

And who really cares? Is one even necessary? Shotguns at 10 paces and the last Cardinal standing gets the job.

Just another waste. In a 2000 year lie.

pointless.

so does the pope #$%$ in the woods or not?

This entire pope business is totally outlandish. I am from Germany, and I can tell you that each and every Catholic priest I have ever met is homosexual. It is absolutely no surprise that a lot of them like young boys. Voluntarily dedicating your life to a deity, and basically saying that you don't need women can mean one and one thing only. Every heterosexual man who does not have sex for a month pretty much goes insane. In summary: the Catholic church is the biggest gay community on the face of this planet.(Daniel 2:44)Daniels Tells us the truth. And this is very,very near..... At this time, Read your Bible start to finish, and realize the Bible is like a puzzle piece that you have to put together. Jesus says through the whole Bible He is GOD'S  "Son." No where does it say he is part of a trinity. He did things the way His father told him, to the letter. this is why he said, If you see me, you have seen the Father. (Just as my son looks and acts like his Dad. )   It was no more literal than when he said to drink his Blood and eat his Flesh. I do not know a lot about Pope and what his role is, But I will stick to what the bible says and do my best To serve The true GOD and His Son. Ps 83: 18 If it does not have GOD's Name, Than you might want to think about changing the Bible you read. ( there is no ill will here, Just truth) (Revelation 21:4) (Psalm 37:10, 11)  Find the Puzzle Pieces to these scriptures and you will find truth. Not mans Glory, but, GOD'S.

So, they are sending dirt to the clean air and environment. And they talking on how to play with the peoples mind with false data, and lies, and how to hide more secretly their aberration against children and innocent human beings.

smoke &amp; mirrors

OMG...I am on pins and needles....I can't stand the excitement!!!!!!!!! C'mon white smoke..pleaaaaaaaaaaaaaase...this is riveting!!!!!!!!

cardinal tagle....

Apparently they do not care about the environment.

#$%$ this... They need to smoke a blunt.. Look at the world it's a hell hole.. I have not seen any miracle under their name...

You mean it's not over yet?

priests love to rape young children. they are tired of doing sisters. next time priests will do eachother.

Biggest bunch of pagans ever.Look at these sissies parading around like they are in a beauty pageant!  I DON'T CARE who the next pope is or if we even have one.  Just DON'T pick a black guy because I don't want to see his black face at church for the next 20 years.  I'M CATHOLIC and I am NOT going to leave the church!  AHAHAHAHA!!!!  Child molesters!!!!!!

all priests are bad they know the truth but taught to lie and teach lies peter was not who jesus was referring as the rock petra and petros are different so all they teach are lies.

I need to get one of those hats.

i think an African should be the POPE this time and cardinal TURKSON is not bad

PRIESTS RAPE BOYS!!!

Just STUPID JUST STUPID!  WAKE UP smell the POPES #$%$! !! and stop kissing it!

I'm sooo sick of this story! I'm not a Catholic, so it doesn't mean anything to me personally, but by the media coverage, you would think they were voting for God himself! I'm sick of the Catholic church anyway--with all their cover-ups of sex crimes (and who knows what other crimes) and their secrecy and their stupid trappings and rituals! It's all like a magic act in Vegas!

Wonder who's next to lead the worlds biggest group of organized crime.....

Till date Incompetent POPE/Church did not bother to stop- Crimes in the church-Iraq war-Afghan war-Christian Killings in Arab lands(Egypt,Nigeria,Pak..etc)-Russia/Chechenya war-Bosnia/Serbia war-African turmoil-Hatred towards LGBTs (whereas jesus promoted love)

Hehe the new pope should teach women to be slaves to their man who knows whats best for them the should be forced to wear a ballgag, collar and chain and walk on all fourswhat are the chances the next pope wont be a boy lover.i hear somebody say (0:All)

hmmm.. this people are still determine to keep brain washing the world to follow a religion they modeled themselves while they.... you know, with the little boys.

father Omalley, is that chit on your willy?

It is weird how the people raised as Catholics seem to be "all in" or hate the church later in life. I wonder if the molestation is a factor?

Thank God it's over! Am so tired of the subtle racism in Caucasian societies across the globe. Everywhere Black is bad and everything White is good! This is the 21st century people and still the brain-washing continues! As I joked with the white woman this morning about such an issue as I left her bed as a black man! We were laughing at how all angels must be dressed in all white clothing to signify goodness, holiness. So you know the next pope will not be black. As she understands my trips to black Africa and Vodou shrines to help keep things in prospective! As I've broken her into the fact the US will soon be ruled by people of color and whites will be another minority, she accepts my polygamous ways with the blacker berry as well. She, whom was alive as an adult woman, when black men were hung from trees in the US for looking at a white woman. She has made the adjustment, the rest of you need to. Thank you

Bunch of Kiddie Fiddlers.

QUIT TOUCHING LITTLE BOYS

Whet is taking so long is trying to find a guy that fits the pointed hat just right.

change can only come not from the new pope, but from God,so we need help from the creator now not pope.

In the prophecy of St. Malachi, it states that the "FINAL" pope will be known as "Peter the Roman" and that he shall preside over the demise of the Roman Catholic Church. NOWHERE in the prophecy, does it say that Benedict " The Olive Branch" will be the seconds to last pope... Malachi said that after Benedict, the time line became confused and that he knew for certain, only that Peter the Roman would be the final pope.All that aside, Roman Catholicism needs to be overhauled. It states clearly in the Bible, "Thou shalt have no other gods before me, no graven image, no idol created by man, etc" What is idolatry if not praying to the Virgin Mary, the Saints, etc? Jesus Christ is the spirit of God incarnate. to him and through him ONLY, can anyone expect salvation. Mary may have been his mother, but even He would not elevate her over even his apostles. He loved her, yes, but did not grant her to be worshipped and prayed to as proxy for him. Furthermore, I doubt wholeheartedly to believe that the man who said, " Suffer the little children, for to them belongs the Kingdon of God", " Spare the rod and spoil the child", and "verily I say unto you, whosoever harms a child, or keeps him from me, it is better that he should tie a millstone around his neck and jump in the pond"Oh boy, I can't wait to see who gets to wear the funny hat next. Which rich and corrupt old guy will don the crown of idiocy?

if the next pope is named petrus romanus, im gonna freak. today the next unholy shyster in chief will be revealed

Jesus hung in the desert with 12 guys.  Did they have KY jelly back then?  Just sayin.

We cares! It will be some 80 year old guy who dosen't know what's going on!

they are to busy raping the alter boy.  Send us a fresh one tomorrow...

Black smoke? Oh #$%$ we burned one of the African Cardinals.

really they worry about poverty or hiding their own stinky skins which have been indulging in super perv sexual activities over the years??

Don't go for priesthood if u knw u can't do it instead of committing gay

I bet Albert Pujols wishes he was still a Saint Louis Cardinal... Shucks He may even be the next Pope or at least get to vote.

Jesus was a heavy drinker. I wonder if he got help in heaven for his problem?in ugly religion devils game of clowns begun

What a stupid process.

The new pope ought to bring to light the abuses that scandalized the last Pope out of office and punish Benedict. Otherwise he will simply seem hypocritcal.

Will the president have to pardon this one for child rape or covering it up like Bush did with the last 2?

Mary could suck start a school bus!

Until "they" elect a younger pope who believes in social interraction with the opposite sex----who cares what old - timer [old-minded]  person is elected!!!

at least try elect a pope who's not a boy lover. just for a first time please.

priests do eachother in a*s*s and sisters love eachother too but they all criticize homosexuality

priests love to do eachother in a*s*s and they criticize homosexuality

I'd prefer a pimp to a pope.Evry one has an opinion.jus lyk an a**hole.

religions ...who needs them .

this catholic church is a real scam. I can't believe people really buy into this garbage. I see the black smoke today. You know its one big orgy going in in there. Im sure they have little boys chained up for sex slavery in the conclave. Every cardinal has to suck off the new priest. What a joke. the bigger joke is all the sheep that follow

Matthew 7:15[ A Tree and Its Fruit ] "Watch out for false prophets. THEY COME TO YOU IN SHEEP’S CLOTHING, but INWARDLY ARE FEROCIOUS WOLVES.It is now becoming and revealing now a days which false religion is which. False prophets are putting billions and billions of people into damnation with the abominable idolatry and adding worthless traditional law which God ordered not to cling on.Matthew 24:24For false Christs and false prophets will appear and perform great signs and miracles to deceive even the elect—if that were possible.This religion will deceive the many as prophesiedRevelation 20:8and will go out to deceive the nations in the four corners of the earth—Gog and Magog—to gather them for battle. In number they are like the sand on the seashoreRevelation 13:14Because of the signs he was given power to do on behalf of the first beast, he DECEIVED THE INHABITANTS OF THE EARTH. He ordered them to set up an image in honor of the beast who was wounded by the sword and yet livedRevelation 17:2With her the kings of the earth committed adultery and the inhabitants of the earth were intoxicated with the wine of her adulteries."But what will happen to this deceitful religion?Isaiah 42:17But THOSE WHO TRUST IN IDOLS, WHO SAY TO IMAGES, 'You are our gods,' will be turned back IN UTTER SHAME.What does the bible say? Do not add to his laws with any form of tradition. Do not make ANY idols.Exodus 20:4"You shall NOT make for yourself an idol in the form of ANYTHING in heaven above or on the earth beneath or in the waters below.Mark 7:9And he said to them: "You have a fine way of setting aside the commands of God in order to observe your own traditions!Isaiah 42:17But those who trust in idols, WHO SAY TO IMAGES, 'You are our gods,' will be turned back in utter shame.4.Deuteronomy 4:2Do not add to what I command you and do not subtract from it, but keep the commands of the LORD your God that I give you.What does this false religion PROMOTE? Lawlessness.2 Thessalonians 2:3-43Don't let anyone deceive you in any way, for (that day will not come) until the rebellion occurs and the MAN OF LAWLESSNESS[a] is revealed, the man doomed to destruction. 4He will oppose and will exalt himself over everything that is called God or is worshiped, so that he sets himself up in God's temple, proclaiming himself to be God.When this fake church promotes lawlessness, what happens? Many will become evil as planned by Satan.Galatians 5:19-21 (New International Version)19The acts of the sinful nature are obvious: sexual immorality, impurity and debauchery; 20idolatry and witchcraft; hatred, discord, jealousy, fits of rage, selfish ambition, dissensions, factions 21and envy; drunkenness, orgies, and the like. I warn you, as I did before, that those who live like this will not inherit the kingdom of God.What are the penalty?Revelation 21:8But the cowardly, the unbelieving, the vile, the murderers, the sexually immoral, those who practice magic arts, the IDOLATERS and all liars—their place will be in the fiery lake of burning sulfur. This is the second death."A revelation brought to you by a member of Church of Christ or Iglesia ni Cristo member  Acts: 20:28 (Lamsa translation)John 17:3Now this is eternal life: that they may know you, the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom you have sent.

I wonder what's going on in that room  with all of those men together . I hope that they are not doing what they are always accused off .

priests are rapists.

Dun Dun Dunnnn.

They rape children first, then they pray God to forgive for their sins.

who cares?what an enormous waste of time, money and energy...all for a bunch old men who believe in ghosts....time to step out of the dark ages....

Child molesters protecting each other,  that is what catholic churches stand forThe Vatican is a circus and now look what happend! the Human cannon failed HA HA HA HA feel sorry for that guy!

Who care if black smoke coming out of chmney or the whole building.It's a business as usual..

priests love to rape dead boys too

Conclave?  That word has a major negative connotation.  The Hitler Youth has retired.  What will the revered cardinals do to up the ante?  Elect Elmo as pope.  A perfect fit for the Catholic Church.

My guess  is that all the people who made comments here are hurting very badly and are seeking healing, wholeness and peace.  Let me give my two cents worth of thoughts.  All the negativism, attacks and criticisms lend to divisions, more scandals and attempts to extinguish whatever light and life there is of the bruised reed. Even if that is what they want, know that "the gates of the underworld will not prevail against it"  for on this Rock Jesus has built His Church.  Peter, the Rock, had failed but God can right the wrong.  The Church, albeit her limitaions and weaknesses continues the life of Jesus... it is a pilgrim Church and will meet with many challenges.  Even if one are not pilgrim with the Church,  one can make the world a better place with greater love and peace by encouraging throughts, words or deed to replace the evils that plague the world.  Every good, true and loving thought word and deed lights up our world and every evil thought word or deed extinguishes some light.  All are affected, the most being the person/s from whom it emerges.  We are our worst enemy.  Start befriending yourself and work toward a great, loving and understanding heart that will make you whole and contribute to the world around you.  Humility and prayer can help in the transformation.  Give love a chance!

no wonder why so many atheism around. If priests keep on raping children there wont be christianity in future.

Choose another bag of sh..t running the biggest criminals nest! Useless for humanity... Close it forever for all crimes against humanity during thousand years!

For the sake of innocent children, I hope that a White pope is not elected, and a Black pope is elected instead!

Thanks to those who have written some really funny comments. Of course this whole absurd charade makes for easy hilarity. The Catholic Church would be a total joke were it not for all the monetary and sexual raping it commits.

Why would anyone, with the exception of Catholic robots, give a rat's patoot about who the next poopy pope will be. These guys are WEIRDOS!! The toady news media touting this nonsense must owe the pope big time ($$$$$$$). After all, think about all the people who've died in the last two thousand years that left their estate, or a large part of it, to the smiling faces of the Catholic clergy. Maybe they got a better "mansion" in heaven. WHAT A BUNCH OF PATHETIC LIES FOR PSYCHOTIC MORONS!!Do you know how to get a nun pregnant?  Dress her up like an alter boy.

Who gives a flying f!@#$k about a bunch of old pedifiles that are doing the exact opposite of what Jesus preached…….not all priests I agree, but most like 99.9% of em …...

I don't buy the headline. The Church (both the larger Christian Church, and smaller Catholic Church) is in very strong shape, and has had much worse times during much of its history.   The Catholic church has 1.2Billion laity, who didn't leave or even complain too loud when church leaders habitually sent them priests who they knew were likely to rape the laity's kids. The laity ain't going to leave now , over the dignity of women, or gay rights, which contraception is allowable, or any other issues the secular world cares so much about.

What a bunch of #$%$. They're so involved in their demonistic rituals, they know absolutely NOTHING about pure worship. They are so FAR from ANYTHING truly spiritual, they are part of Babylon The Great, and as the Bible says, Babylon The Great Has Fallen!!!!!!!!

Nothing like a bunch of criminals back slapping each other.  They need someone who can really cover up the best.

another thing that should disappear,the popes,they were suppose to live their lives in dignity and poverty, like Jesuspfffhahahahahathat's the biggest bunch of crock, ever

When you see white smoke, all little boys better run and hide, thats no joke!

Uniform Check....Cloak check, Robe check, Sash check, Socks check, Shoes check, Underwear we won't be needing those :)

The Antichrist soon cometh - just not today.

Black smoke? Oh crud we burned one of the African Cardinal's.Black smoke is sign of too much weed smoking inside with kids

No pope, no hope because if the man that just retired didn't train the man under him there is no reason to continue because this is not Christ-like or organize.

Im Catholic-What about a PopESSS(woman)

The cardinals are poluting the air!! Their gathering to select a leader is nowhere referred to within the scriptures. Real theatrical video Entertaiment to our Heavenly Host.

Just imagine if this filthy cult had invested the equivalent of these resources into getting to the bottom of the breeding ground that they've created for pedophiles and criminals.

If a black is elected, suddenly all the rules will change...

Do I have to pull down my pants to apply for rental assistance?

who cares about the pope its just an old guy in a funny hat and all those that attempt to suffer the burden of chasity are not strong enough to fulfill it thats partly why they have child molesters in their church priests who arnt able to marry is a sham and  it shouldnt be

VICARIVS FILIDEI = 666

What a pack of idiots.THEY HAVE A LOT IN COMMON WITH MUSLIMS  " SEX WITH CHILDREN"

Watch for a Rainbow smoke in YouTube video focusing on that Vatican roof!

this pope sht is a bunch of #$%$ its all a money game people wake up all they do is fk lil boys and get away with it u try it and c what happens to you  youll go to jail for the rest of ur life  but they just get moved to another state

if there really was a God, then this force would sent an earthquake to that building and kill off those 115 idiots dresses in Halloween outfits and finally end the spirtual poisening that was started over 2000 years ago.  but of course we all know there is no such thing as God or the Devil.  Humans are just a speck of life in a vast universe holding on to old ideas to comfort themselves from the fear of death.

With the Support and Bribery of Oprah Winfrey, there will be a Black Pope !

Papal Pickers Packing Pews in St. Peter's Basilica.

Catholics suck!  And these Cardinals have silly costumes!!!

CALL me I will be your pope first thing I will do is to get people to read the BIBLE and kick out all raper,s and abuser,s and same sex people out of the leadder-ship

these d*i*c*k smoker priests will continue molesting children

A godless evil religion run by white devils.here's an idea, let these guys have wives!  Leaders like elders and deacons and the like are expected to have faithful wives and children anyhow.  If the RC could take away the burden of celibacy or at least make it optional, good chance these sexual scandal incidences will decrease.  After all, they really only put the celibacy rule in place in order to cut down on internal corruption of popes and cardinals declaring a blood heir to take over their role in the RC during the time of the middle ages.

i bet their way of electing a new pope is by having a large circle #$%$ and whoever nutts last gets the seat.

priests love to do eachother in the a*s*s too not only young boys.

does anyone ever think these men look weird?? lack of p****

Have each cardinal let a rattlesnake bite him repeatedly until only one cardinal is left.  That will be the Holy Spirit's choice for next Pope.

A Secret Con-Cave I though That's Where The Cons Hung Out In The Back Room Of The Local Jail.

The richest mafias in the world. No one knows what goes on inside that evil place call the Vatican. Governments got no rights inside that place.

What a joke!! He ain't nothing but a man just like the rest of us.And they think they are higher than GOD.They think they can forgive sin.Only christ can do this.This ain't nothing but a cult.And a stupid religion at that.Nothing but show all it is.Plus there all a bunch of sex crazed idiots.This religion is dangerous.Right up there with scientology.puts his pants on just like i do.SHUT UP!!!!

You too are an athiest unless you believe in Thor, Odin, Zeus, Neptune, Aries or any of the other hundreds of Gods mankind has previously worshipped.

behind the closed doors, priests are raping children, sisters are loving eachother and they are burning bible.Priest=Child rapist

This whole Pope thing is human stupidity at its best. I can't believe in the 21st century we still have pedophiles in dresses voting to see who heads a powerful group of money makers that sell the simple idea of an invisible man in the sky. Religion is still a major problem in the world because some religions feel Americans should die. Arguing which religion is right is so 15th century. Humans need to live in reality more, people are gonna keep dying because of their stupid#$%$ beliefs. Lefties believe their right and Righties believe their right. It will never end as long as people keep holding on to a 2000 year old fairy tale.

Catholic#$%$ the town and go nuts....You have a Bye-Week, No Pope...

The priests rape boys and they judge homosexuals, gays? they are envious of homosexuality thats why they jusge..

Devil in red devil in church it's a roman cult then any thing to do with Jesus

If I was a weak Catholic, I would probably easily be swayed by all these anti-Catholic propaganda. I'm proud to be Catholic because with these scandals occurring, I found God in the Catholic faith.  To make my story short, I believe the Catholic Church is the true religion founded by our Lord Christ Jesus himself.

So lets worship and idol, that their religon  killed thousands of jews during the inquistion  to swtich over to catholic. Or how about the catholics killing jews during WW2 in croatia. i dont worhsip obama and i dont worhsip a cult leader i.e. the Pope.

Iwonder if ever a American will ever be elected a Pope. if not wondering when was last timehas a spaniard or a African ever been elected. I am a Roman Catolic but to me, as spaniard, seems since the Spanish Inquisition Vatican city has been some what racist to Spaniards in Vatican power.Time for another combo braker.

A thing that wears a ridiculous hat or whatever you call it, like this pontiff and cardinals wear can not be a complete man...not to mention those LIBERACE ROBES...

The biggest woes the Catholic church has is which locality to turn Ratzinger over to to be tried for aiding and abetting the crimes against children.Mankind will never be truly free until the last Christian is strangled with the entrails of the last Muslim.Ridiculously mind numbing stupidity of the highest order.Grown men prancing around in fancy robes and some with pointy hats thinking they are spiritually endowed and millions of the faithful masses believe in this  doctrine of man made religion.Where is it stated in the Christian Bible that fancy robes make for a spiritual man, it does not.And where are the women in this dog and pony show, they are cast aside like second class people.Wake Up Catholics and demand changes to your faithFrom a Daoist Buddhist kind of thinker with a better then average understanding of the Christian Bible.

So Sick of the "media" coverage of this debacle.

Not all priests are bad but the ones that are can hide within the church and are given sanctuary when accountability should have been the order.

The Black Smoke indicates that the Last Pope's Underwear was Burned, White smoke indicates The new pope has Clean Underwear!

I did not know the Cardinals were so religious. Will this interfere with spring training? Oh....it's not "those" Cardinals......sorry...

Nothing for nothing, with all the Pink feminist ranting against sexism and their drive to get a woman Pope in the Vatican and the blessings of gay "marriage" in the Catholic religion, I am pressing further that women should compete directly against men in sports such as boxing, MMA or even a combined Olympics in the name of Change and Equality....

Have to finish their pedophile orgy first... before voting

They are having a hard time finding one of their own that isn't on the child sex offender list....Talk about coruption!!!

What's going on? can't they get their s... errr act together?

I guess the fix isn't in place yet. LOLMay the Holy Spirit guide the electors in their pursuit of a new Pope and may the new Pope be guided by the Holy Spirit.

Enough already with this stuff.

Pass the pizza and a touch of wine; and lets contemplate the Lord's rep one more time (ha).

What if it's purple smoke man?

As long as religion has hierarchal leadership, there will be corruption of religious values. There is nothing to celebrate here.

I pray that someone among these men will emerge with a great likeness to Pope John XXiii - the last great Pope.

so someone who runs for pope is said to have a calling. does that mean that the latest pope to step down could be referred to as being recalled, a la a car built poorly? the church is corrupt, if everything the church claims is real, and that it identifies itself as not being of satan, why is there really no representation on the satanic side, no churches or gatherings etc, no cookouts or weenie roasts??? Satan is too disorganised to have spurned a whole religion to oppose him/her!

Iwana black pope iwana black pope black santa black pres. black pope opra / tiger/ fred/ bill/ Richard/ all black

The faith and image of the church of Jesus Christ is perfect - but it is run by humans and humans are not perfect. However, it will survive and it MUST be counter-cultural (BTW, have you looked arround at our culture? It really is low and diisgusting - perhaps more so than any time in written history.And my response to Moochelle - at least bother to educate yourself before you spew. Perhaps you do not realise that an upside down cross is the symbol of St. Peter - the first Pope, who asked to be crucified upside down since he did not feel it correct to be put to death in the same manner as Jesus our Lord!

The circus is in town.........again.What most people don't realize is that all this sex crimes of priest had to reach the absolute highest level of the Vatican.   So you have this sin of pollution contaminating the Vatican.

When God reads these posts he's gonna send you all to hell.

If Media Matters New York city has given its blessing then everything bad that the Catholic Church has done will now be forgotten and considered OK. They have after all, helped in getting Barry his job and ensuring that he has never done one thing wrong and not responsible for the USA now being in the toilet with a $$$multi-trillions debt. If the new pope cuts the deal with them, the world as we know it will be saved..Alleluiah!!!

Just a man made dog and pony show.  Nothing spiritual.

The catholics think he is the re-incarnation of jesus christ. As bible pedicts this is the false religion as told in revelation and the beast who will rise from it, as satan has reveiled.

booooooring! and who really cares except for all thes so called 'princes' (i.e. clowns) of the choich... LOL  Have you figured these guys out yet? No? well you are in trouble then

C'mon let's have a good ole' inquisition; Spanish style.......... there's gotta be a few witches left around    :)

This is bull ..... just once, I'd like to pick the pope; this is fixed !!!     :(          :)

they are still deciding on drinks and appetizers and that is tough with all the distracting busboys...

They should sing " Where the Boys are" by Connie Francis.  It would be more appropriate.Better to elect some new basic tenets. This jesus myth is becoming stale. Mohammed would beat the shiq out of him. I need a son of god who can kick harse and make #$%$ pay for female circumcision not someone who loves everyone and doesn't show up when he tells all kinds of modern mohammaddedds he will be here on Thursday. I mean yes he agreed it was bad to kill your slaves but a resounding smack he considered good therapy. You didn't see Mo hanging out in the desert with satan turning sand into wine and not eating for a month then telling his buddy to get thee hence. Then he screwed up so bad his father had him nailed to a stick but let him come back after a good tongue lashing. This is not a hero it is a shame.

I pray that the next Pope comes from anywhere, but Canada.  I would hate to have this country known for providing the "Anti-Christ". Yes, the RCC is the devils.

Look at all this negative press, it's so sad. The church is such a wonderful institution, so rich in the spoils of the world. Have you seen the Vatican, there's nothing else in the world that can compare! And why not these people are the vessels of God. Okay so there are a few bad apples; but let's not get caught up on which  clergyman did what to some little boy or you are missing the bigger picture. Thank God they kept the condoms out of Africa. We need a hardliner who will  get the church back to its roots!

This is as exciting as the Batchelor!! Oh golly, gee whiz!!!

Using words like "troubled" might be taken as an insult to all Christians.

The Cardinals better hustle and get this done, they have to get back to the practice field for next season's run for the Super Bowl

Its not about human rights its not about prayer or religious values or church policy its about Money Money Money and that's all period.

Sorry, can't respect a church that can't and won't clean up their own house. The RCC distorts doctrine, to enslave people. The Vatican owns ALL the Crown assets in the city of London. They are a "corprate sole" legally, and a for profit entity. It has nothing to do with G_D, except they use his likeness and "Good Will" to extract wealth from the Humans. This church will be the seat for the "Anti-Christ". Please enjoy your days now , as they are short in number.

Colour of the Pope's skin doesn't make any difference, his heart, mind and will, are the three attributes that matter. St Peter please pray for us.

It is interesting the hat they wear is from Ancient Babylon.  If this thing we know as the catholic church is christian....why do they use so many Pagan signs and symbols. The head dress is the Babylonian Mitre for the fish god Dagon.  The priests of Dagon wore the samemitre hat that was worn by "Cybele".It looked like the open mouth of a fish -propped upon the priest's head."He was half fish and half man.He was called the great Fish of heaven.The Philistines called him "DAGON",the fish god that is also mentionedin the Bible."Father Lloyd Robertson of the Halifax diocese in Nova Scotia Canada made me perform oral sex on him for the better part of a year. Yahoo doesn't want you to know this as they keep deleting my truth. What are you hiding this for yahoo? Are you guilty of the same??

Yahoo clearly supports these abusers in red as they delete every comment that attempts to shed some truth on this issue. Yahoo...you are part of the problem not the solution...shame on you.

what's " really " going on in there? - wink, wink, nudge, nudge

Don't get excited. They're just burning all the Vatican's secret RC clergy sex-abuse files. That should take some time, and produce a lot of black smoke.

Black smoke fills the coffers

Yahoo supports child abuse by priests.

Why do Cardinals get all the attention? Why not Blue Jays or Orioles for a change?

I wandering if tony sopranos  of the tv series the sopranos on hbo has everything to do with the vatican : the mafia inference !

Lets make the world a better place for you and me......With that we can move forward.

It doesn't matter who they choose,it's a business decision just like electing a president or a prime minister it has NOTHING to do with god.This is how the enemy of The Church makes war, they own the press and spread Propaganda, creating the news they want to see happen rather than reporting...... good job ye anti-Christs. the british and jew banksters created the scenes for ww1 and ww2, heck hitler was even trained by a jew Erik Jan Hanussen the occultist hypnotizer..... balfour declaration 1917..... zionist communism in Russia was a war against Christendom. Who called Holy War in 1933? you guessed it, jews in NY.... imagine that, calling a war befoe there is one and then crying wolf about burnt offerings years later hiding behind Anti-semite while they are japhetite khazars .... it`s the stuff of 1984 and the idiots at Reuters actually think they shall get away with their Propaganda perpetually.... not going to happen godless losers.

Is that really news?  I think the man that had 9 melignant melanoma tumors removed in 1993 and believes he may have developed possible cure for a variety of cancers is news but you don't see that online.

The Vatican was planning at one to buy an Island call Carriacou is part of Grenada to hide their child molesting pedifile Priest! That is so wicked. They should be sent to jail not be hidden away. Evil in the name of Jesus.

who is the mother of the harlot and do blasphemy to the most high in book of revelation?claiming to be the replacement of Jesus here on earth and can forgive sins?

Vows of secrecy shouldnt be an issue and such big news...these criminals in red covered up sexual abuse for years...my abuser Father Lloyd Robertson abused me when I was a child for a year or more...he kept his secret with him and took it and my soul to his grave. This institution is nothing but a club for perverts...they should all be sent packing and either abolish the church or sell all their gold and art to pay for their crimes...not sins...crimes instead of making each community pay millions for what is the responsibility of the vatican. I have suffered horribly while those men in their fancy red shoes eat sleep and drink like kings in their penthouse.

who cares end all religion

At least they TRY to do good. Most priests I've encountered were decent people just trying to do their best.

The Vatican has announced a new line of sports cars for their priests with a Catholic theme. Called Pervertables, the tops don't go down but the drivers do and you have to enter from the rear.

what if there is no ?god and we all just go back to ther earth but i dont belive that because im talking to casper the ghost right now

TONY SOPRANO WOULD FIT WELLI find it interesting that when a bunch of cardinals get together all alone, they end up giving birth to a turkey vulture.

Another Pedophile ringleader!!!!

Outside of the vatican,,,,does anyone really give a #$%$ about who will be the next pope ??

just lock up all religions up in this room and burn them all end all wars

CRIMINALS

My prediction.A Pope from Ireland.This is one of the few countries that tackled the perverted ministers.

What is so hard about putting up a board with all the candidates names on it and then throwing a dart to see who wins? Source of knowledge: 12 years of catholic school. I understand how things are done. Amen. Bless you my children and go in peace. Amen again. Dont drink the water.  Or the wine. Whatever.

Just think of the number of people they could feed if they sold the Catholic Corporation.  Trillions of dollars.  I believe they lost the way before they even began.  Now which religious corporation was it that wanted 10 percent of every dollar made by everyone for every year of their lifetime?  Christ said, "Sell ALL that you have and give the money to the poor and follow me and surely you shall gain entrance into Heaven."  How many priest will be in Heaven?  lolWe bailed out other corporations, auto manufacturers, banks, Wall Street, etc.  Are we going to be forced to bail out this corporation also?

Yahoo supports sexual abuse perpetrated by priests

nice looking uniforms. did god, his boy, or the holy ghost design those ?So now will this new Pope provide authorities all over the world with the names and locations of the child molesters that the previous administration hid in some dark corner?

Sulfur smoke indicates the conclave selected the Antichrist as the next Pope.All hail Petrus Romanus, the RCC's last Pope!

Pope elected on March 19 -20. Under the sign of Aries. Just because they forbid their sheep to acknowledge Astrology doesn't mean they do.

Wishthey'd worry more about the child molestzes than thzir red costumes!  Whzrz is humility?

wonder what goes on in a room full of perverts  talk about the stories they can share

Look at the faces of these so called "popes" U think they look like God ? Why do you pray to them ? Allah is the only God..and only he is worthy of being prayed. Islam is the only true path.

The one to behead the pope, will attain a place in paradise..and Allah will grant him with many gifts..inshallah

There is good and bad in every church or religion. Encluding the catholic church. Here are some facts about the catholic church. It you know the history this church was sanctioned by political power.The Pope wears a cap or miter and on that cap or miter are the words that read "VICARIUS FILII DEI, which is the latin for VICAR OF THE SON OF GOD"His cap when read in roman numerals might explain alot about the trouble in the church.V(5) +I(1) + C(100) +A(0) +R(0) +I(1) + U(5) + S(0)======112F(0) + I(1) +L(50) + I(1) +I(1)=======================  53D(500) +E(0) +!(1)===============================501==========add these numbers together and they=====+ 666The Bible the last chapter Rev. 13: 17, "And that no man might buy or sell, ave he that had the mark, or the nome of the beast, or the number of his name. Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understnading count the number of the beast; and his number is Six hundred and Sixty-Six.(666)"Rev. 13: 18, "HERE IS WISDOM, LET HIM THAT HATH UNDERSTANDING COUNT THE NUMBER OF THE BEAST"Smoke is the first sign of fire. No wonder a billion unknowing people are looking to smoke for a sign.

Men in Doilies!

I hope they pick a Pope with more carisma because the last Pope looked like a Zombie....!And please no Black Pope's.........!   We have enough with Obama.......!I really don't care about the catholic church electing mickey mouse. They don't care about certain people so I don't care about them.

PINK -------- SMOKE

A Black pope will cast a shadow of Darkness upon the land.

Who knows, maybe they have elected a black man as pope, can't be racist about this. Thus the black smoke.....

most of the world isnt catholic.  Why is this even news?  I dont give a rats #$%$.

If we had this system installed in Washington and used it to show when a budget was passed under this administration, black for not, white for passed, the air over DC would be so black you would think you were in China on a good day.