That just proving one more time - we need out ASAP. Nothing will change. Stop waste in blood and treasures.

Cuts in spending must start with foreign-aid FIRST!

bring our troops home now

Karzai's brother was involved in the billion dollar collapse of the Kabul bank and wasn't prosecuted. Karzai will say anything to get that spotlight off him. Really he should be shotfor corruption.

Another example of a politician doing whatever he thinks is necessary to win an election.  Apparently, it doesn't matter what country it's happening in ... human nature at it's worst.  Sacrifice the good of your country for your own desire to stay in power.

Are we actually this stupid?  We are defending to Afgahnistan why we are there?  To hell with them and lets get out and let them defend themselves. Karsai isnt worried about lifes or the US troop withdrawl but the millions/billions he gets from us that may stop is what worries him. So time if we have to go out of our way to explain why we are there and most Afghans obviously dont want us there so get us out NOW Obama and Congress and quit being so stupid here!

The louder Karzai cries the more US attention he gets. I say let him kick and scream until he falls asleep.....

Karzai need to stop smoking those refined Poppy Plants.

Karsai is overdue in issuing a retraction of such an utterly irresponsible and MORONIC comment. What a horrible ingrate !!!!

I lost friends in your crummy country and now you accuse us of tierney with the enemy!  Lets send you a few gifts from a B-52 dirt-bag!Good, NATO why not convince OWE-Blamer to cut off all funding for that cesspool then?

I want some of what Karzai is smoking.

Are you surprised...he already said he would side with the Pakis against the US...Karzai is a duchebag

Time to pull out of that dung heap and let Karzai deal with the Taliban. Karzai would be dead or a Taliban puppet before year's end.

Karzai is the real taliban leader. Everytime we try to fight them he calls foul.

Stop the aid. We are still giving this man billions, why? I don't like being played the fool.

Karzai's prepping for his departure to Switzerland w/ the stolen billion$ of American aid. If there is any justice an IED will permently interrupt his departure.

Let Karzai complain all he wants. His time is ovah the minute America pulls out. And we'll have unnecessarily lost many American lives and a few billion (maybe a trillion $$) dollars and have won NOTHING! Out NOW Obama!

And Obama and Hillary are giving $2,200,000,000 per year to them. You can't buy friends.  And yet Obama can't afford to keep white house tours open, what a bunch of clowns with tax payer money.

It is almost enough to choke on, what we spend on NATO and overseas just to have our heads dunked again and again in a barrel spare of any apples.karzai has got some nerve

Let's leave now.  Let him defend his country with attitude alone.

Karzai has more Talib buddies than NATO buddies.Good luck getting out of there. It is going to be a mess!

maybe these checks need to be "delayed" awhile?

"absolutely ridiculous"That's just a diplomatic way of saying, "crazy".

Bring our troops home.  We don't need to be spending time or money or lives on this country or these people!  When will it end?!?!?!

Karzai is an idiot and a proven thief, nothing he says is worth the time it takes to read it.However if he really thinks what he said is anywhere close to correct then the US and NATO should begin an IMMEDIATE pull-out from his pitiful excuse for a country and we should TAKE OUR MONEY WITH US.  Let him deal with the Taliban who, as we all know, will take over the minute NATO forces leave the country.This dirtbag isn't worth one more American or NATO life ... get out, take our money and support and let him flounder until the Taliban executes him.

All NATO countries should Ban Karzai from emigrating once he is out of Office.

Karzai is traitorous. You don't know whose side he is on. With the Talibans, we know they're the enemy. With Karzai, it's better to leave him alone, without our protection, in his fate dealing with the Talibans. Lets see how long before the Talibans find him.

Bear in mind, that this is the same man who wanted $12 billion a year, from America to support his Afghan military.Really? With Obama as president I wouldn't be surprised.

Karzai must be a MENTAL DEFECT.

Give him to Haqqani

This is why the middle east is perpetually at war! No one can be trusted.

Anyone who knows anything about our special forces knows they are incredible fighters and even more incredible people.  I would ask President Karzai for some real proof, not some accusations by village leaders who have axes to grind.

who cares what he thinks pull out and let them kill each other and no more aid of any kind not e en food the stupid jerk

Let's let this ingrate be hoisted and swing silently in the wind.

This was more of Reuters Propaganda Posts rumors,

Karzai is a schmuck. We need to cut out the pledge money, and we need to urge all the other countries who pledged money to cut it out as well.  Karzai made his be, now he needs sleep in it.  What a schmo.

at least half of karzai's army and police force will desert with their weapons and training to join the taliban about 10 seconds after the last transport plane with  U.S. troops on it takes off,if he wants to be on it he better play by the rulesI believed this is called "Biting the hand that feeds you"

Karzai is a moron and it makes me sick that we're still in /afghanistan propping his government up.  He's an ungrateful coward that needs to go...

There has been NO TALK OF ANY CUTS IN FOREIGN AID..........EXCEPT by the New State Department Head..and Kerry said "...........that its NOT ON THE TABLE !!!!!! WHY.............does this so call entitlement not have any binds......................, while we, Americans are losing our jobs, homes, savings and our tax base, the State Departments acts &amp; thinks w/no accoutability........., we, the American People are not being heard, not being represented and therefore, we have no representation................

Thank you NATO for speaking up where Obama was silent.  American's are generally generous people but Karzai has thumbed his nose at the blood NATO has shed and the treasure lost defending the Afghan people and I for one hope the Taliban hangs him in the streets of Kabul!

Karzai should be made manager of the new Mickey-D's in Kabul. It's more in line with his capabilities as a leader. Get a pro-Western leader in there who doesn't #$%$ himself every time a warlord, the Taliban or Iran says "Boo".

Karzai is nothing more than a 2-bit War Lord and Pakistan is our enemy not our friend.

Anders Fogh Rasmussen for President, he makes more sense then the political elite in the US.

Cut off the frigggen money...is washington brain dead

What part of get the hell outta that #$%$ hole can't they figure out?

We invested everything for the new world order only ,not afghans or afghanistan period .Let's just leave Afghanistan.  Karzai would also have to leave to avoid being immediately executed without our troops to back him up.

Time to leave the guy on his own.  He will be gone in less than a year without our support.

Pull all the NATO troops and money out now. End of Story

Karzai is playing both ends hoping to hold onto power after we leave. Watch, when he falls he'll blame us for not supporting him. First we are oppcupiers, and sadists, then we'll be the fall guy for this kus emak

Biggest cash crop are those Poppys, so figure it out people....

I think they should drug test those that approved hundreds of billions of dollars of spending in Afghanistan, make their names public, and fire them. Blood spilled, hundreds of billions of dollars wasted, and Karzai has the right to slap us in the face. Screw them, get our troops and money OUT! Let the Taliban deal with Karzai and the Afghan people.

Karzai probably noticed that every time the fat, little, slant-eyed bas***d in NKorea threatens us we end up giving his regime more money. So why not try it himsef?

Karzai and Biden belong together.

and we still give money to that pig

They are colluding with the Syrian rebels so I wouldn't put anything passed them.Why are we even listening to this AH? Quit falling into a Viet Nam faultt of letting the adm. run the war? Quit second guessing the Cmdrs on the ground; get it over with, shoot everybody who doesn't agree with us.

Its obvious that washinton d.c. Doesn't have one gram of common sense..they need thearpy. They continue to throw good money after bad....

WHY are US and NATO troops still there?

Karzi needs to 'put up or shut up'. he obviously does not recognize the sacrifice that the US has made for his pile of dust country.

The problem is that Karzai actually thinks that he is running Afganistan. It's time to change the window dressings!

The United States is against Islam. All Islam. That's why our President falsely denies Mohammad.

lol Any Tom, #$%$ and Harry could have figured that one out with all the possibilities in the poppy farm industry which transfers to political capital for the hawks in Washington. lol

Foreign aid seems wildly overpriced because the US is funding both sides in an enormous arms race. Naturally, this is very expensive, while the intended recipients are dissed.

Why don't we just drag this little rat out of his palace and start acting like a super power if that is what we really  are.

My Grandpa brrrping on the street!Since when is Obummer opposed to negotiating with the enemy, they are Muslims and so is Obummer he said so himself and then stupinopolis covered for him. When was the last time anybody of any faith confused what they have been for a life time and said they were something else.

The book of Koran made it clear that Muslims are not to mingle with Christians and Jews. 'O ye who believe! Take thee not the Christians and Jews as your protector; they are the protector of one another; and anyone of ye who so co-mingle with them is of them'. What part of that statement is hard to understand?

Jefferson, Adams, Franklin, and Washington said "stay out of foreign entanglements."

Karzai is a loon since day one.

EGADS!!!! I should have checked spelling before posting! That should read occupiers

I say it is time for the US or NATO to arrange an "accident" to happen to Mr. Karzai and put in someone that does not bite the hand that feeds them.

President Karzai is an Afghani and muslim; therefore, by definition a liar and barbarian.

Karzai has done nothing in ten years but sit on his aaa#$%$ssss and complain

the solution is to take all of our troops out of Afghanistan so the Taliban can move in and cut this doooshbags head off

Missle Defense: We still have not achieved anywhere near a 25% success rate with it yet. Why does anyone feel safer with them?? They are virtually useless and its an outdated idea that we need to stop wasting BILLIONS on and think more logically about the problem.Karzai will either be on a plane loaded with stolen money heading for Switzerland or have his head on a pike 30 minutes after foreign troops leave.

Karzai better watch out, there are armed drones flying around in Afghanistan and you wouldn't want to get a certain someone upset.  Afterall, with that huge cape you look like a terrorist concealing a bomb to me and I'm sure Holder will sign off on it.

knock him out, cuff him, and wrap him up in pig skin for a day.  That will learn him.

Cant we just "silence" Karzai like we did with bad guys in the good old days?

NO FOREIGHN AID !!!

THANK YOU NATO for speaking out on the truth. Now lets all leave and let Afgahistan fetch for its self NO more FOREIGN AID

See that NATO guy's photo?  His mouth was open.  He was lying.  Photographic proof.See this post?  Well, you can take it from there.  LOL.

It don't  matter what he says, as soon as US and Allied forces leave, he's dog meat. They've already tried to kill him twice. Third time is the charm. (That's not a nice thing to say). But, this guy is extremely corrupt. He's only going to get what he deserves...

Well screw him. We need to pull out of there anyway. we're not doinga damn bit ofgood except getting more of our people killed and wounded and scarred for life by a ridiculous, non-winable war that isstating to look a whole lot like Vietnam, except the vegetation and ladscape is different.

When NATO leaves, Karzai will fall to the Taliban. No future U.S. President would dare send our boys back, so the Afghans will get the government they deserve. If the won't fight the Taliban then they deserve the Taliban.Its called biting the hand that feeds you.

We should never have been there. Get out now.

NATO RUBBERY AND CRIMINALS out of AFG.

this 3rd world country isnt worth the effort or american lives lost ... just nuke it and be done with it already

Hey there forced leader of the Afghan people installed with American money and blood, NO ONE is trying to convince you or your sand people that foreign troops are needed past 2014. In fact we could care less as to what condition your country or government is come 2014. Your either going to stand or your going to fall.

Karzi is useless.  When his time is up, he'll flee the country with "his millions", write a book and make a movie.  What a joke he is!!

this guy was a joke before we arrived, during, and will be long after we're gone unless he gets himself shot.

Time to say F.Y. and leave.

US begat the MujahadeenMujahadeen begat the TalibanergoUS and Taliban are related.

Ever looked at how ridiculous everything he says is??? Like when he says he won election or when he says he just wants to help his country.... The guy is more needy than a TV preacher.karzai is a Taliban

Well they will take this drug dealer out and replace him with a drug dealer that will keep his mouth shut.

Nato and USA are not wanted and have been asked to leave Afghanistan at once. So why do we have combatants there against the will of the host nation? Is that not a war crime?

Take our foreign aid away and u will see him on bended knee...

Mr. Karzai is an idiot.  If we left Afghanistan his government would not last a week. Perhaps we should just let the Taliban have Afghanistan and bring our soldiers home before any more of them die for this ungrateful pig.

I wonder if the president of Afganicrap wil want  America back when his head is on a pole

Karzai is a bozo.  He'll be crying like a little girl when the U.S. and other NATO troops leave.

Maybe we should just give him a few more billions so he will like us more.  We (the American public) get exactly what we deserve when we allow our "leaders" (and I use that term about as loosely as one can) to convince us that we need to be in that part of the world for our own security.  When asked directly, by any one, at any time, why we are in Afghanistan (or any part of the middle east) we are given a condescending look and answer, like one would give to an idiot child, that we must remain for our own "best interests"!  Tell that to the thousands lost in battle and their families.  That man (another loosley used term)is not only a sociopath, but a joke to his entire country; but I guess the joke is really on us, since we continue to give in to his demands!

If NATO denies the allegation, then there's an 85% probability it is true.

Now there is a good reason to vacate afghastann ; so take it!!We are there to secure the mineral rights for multinational corporations. Enjoy the dog and pony show.

lol the USA.. CIA .. got caught wageing war thru deception... Karzai is 100% spot on.. The question now is when is the CIA/Mossad gonna whack him for revealing the truth.. somethign both agencys  and their govts fear and despise.

Mr. Karzai;  i would like to point out to you sir,   when you sleep with dogs and taliban you get fleas and you sir! have fleas

Destroy NATO.  It is a political mafia controlled by the U.S. to force the world to do its bidding.

Is Karzai sampling way way too many Afghan-produced drugs that are on the way to export?

Karzai Should be cooking up hamburgers with his brothers in the New York dinner. Two to go with ketchup &amp; onion with a side of fries.

when you stay in the dirty toilet for too long, you begin to see scary flies.

I think he needs a nice long walk. Pick him up in the middle of the night and drop him 30 miles from the nearest outpost. Im sure a few hours in the sun without anyone to whisper honeyed words in his ear will make his ego shrink and all him to think clearly again.

NATO is so out of touch that they fail to realize we know they're double dipping with the Taliban and have been for years. In fact the war turned into a dog and pony show when NATO took command and it happened pretty much instantaneously, that was years ago now!

We need to leave his country now and as his forces and family members are killed, maybe he will look at things a bit differently. To heck with the UN, the US needs to get out of it. This is a perfect reason to leave earlier than originally planned.Fine, fine, Karzai is a lying skunk.  Everyone knows that, and has known it for years.  He was a wrong headed lying skunk before he was make President.  So, here's what to do:  Leave Him.  Pull out of Afghanistan now and quit pouring lives and money down an empty hole!   Let Karzai deal with the war lords, the taliban, the tribal chieftains, the mullahs, the irate citizenry, all of that, by himself.  He'll sink or swim, and it won't mean jack to the rest of the world.  PULL OUT OF AFGHANISTAN NOW!!!

How about the US lets Afghani Troops unto our soil for Peace Keeping? Oh Wait we would view that as an act of war. Why should we expect others to be America's Slaves?

News for you guy, afganistan will be gone in the future. It will be Talibanistan after we go. And you would be smart to pull all notw troops and equipment out fast.

Be careful Karzai...remember what happened to Noriega. Won't long after we leave and he'll be dealing drugs and we'll have to "arrest" him too.

There is a quality problem in chain of command from bottom to top,  that back fires, Karzi is creation of "Think Tank" instead of think tank there should be think rationale

What a soulless gangster. He will get his soon enough.

And the U.S. has been protecting this #$%$!!!

Karzai is positioning himself for the future, politics, we will hear more of this and unfortunately he is playing to the wrong crowd.  The real a holes are not going to forgive him and his statements are just helping and encouraging the #$%$ bags that want to use soccer stadiums for executions and subjugate the women.  The region is still culturally centuries behind western thinking and there are many bad actors that will try to keep it that way.  Essentially this place is gonna be f'd up for generations.

Need us longer?  Hell no.  The U.S. public will not be silent defending foreign countries while being marred with insulting banter.

Please bring our fighting men home now! Let this country deal with their own problems.Gee what do you expect from "Karupt Karzia" and I know it's a misspelling.

Screw Afghanistan, Bring our men and women and GEAR home. No more $15 billion handouts. Let the Taliban have Afghanistan, in fact why don't we stand down from any and all foreign military bases around the world. Just think of how many $ that our servicemen spend in foreign countries. Do not shrink our military just give them something else to do like Man the Borders. The military that builds roads can build / repair them here too. So on and so forth, air traffic controllers, engineers and the list goes on.God Bless the USA

This guy is nuts. How dare he say that?! For one thing, a lot of people have died taking his country away from the Taliban, and he has the nerve to say we're teaming up with them? And another thing, when he "orders" us out of a certain area we should tell him to eff himself. We'll go wherever we need to to ensure security, try and stop us!

Are you telling me that we don't have a free drone to take care of this guy, if we do his replacement will be a lot more well-disposed toward America.

NATO is a bloodsucker - military-inductrial complex - feeding off our tax dollars. SHould have been disbanded when Warsaw Pact disappeared in 1991.

I have a very simple solutuion.  Tell the arrogant turd who calls himself the pres. in afgan. to go screw himself and bring our troops home now.  Another year in this shithole is not going to change one thing in the grand scheme of things.  As soon as we are gone, they go right back to what they want to do and tell us to go screw ourselves.  So whats the diff?  Now or one year from now?  Makes no diff.

that hat sucks too

America and Taliban story repeating again.

It's about time that someone dressed down that arrogant, corrupt clown Karzai. "Absolutely ridiculous" is a start, but I'd have gone far beyond that. in excoriating that ingrate.

"NATO" super Power...? Can't even win over a couple of hundreds of Talibans!!! Just imagine if the Talibans has the same weapons as NATO, the war would be over in days not years...Leave those crackheads and take our money home. Let them smoke weeds and eat rotten #$%$!

Ungrateful POS. Just make his day and hand him to the Taliban

Next somebody is going to make "crazy" claims that NATO is selling Afghan heroin and murdering people in Africa! You crazy conspiracy nuts trying to tell us that the Federal Reserve is a privately owned bank that prints money out of nothing and makes billions off of interest in a fractional reserve banking scam for 99 years. What next? The DHS is buying 2 billion rounds of ammo and 2700 tanks? CIA sells cocaine? You kooks probably believe in the archaic theory of liberty and the pursuit of happiness. Mumbling about God given rights and some dudes named Jefferson, Washington, and Payne..... I cannot wait for FM3-39.40 and the NDAA to lock you up without trial or due process! You will come to love Big Brother, Winston Smith!!!!!

It confirms that Karzai is a leader of one the many friendly countries we have in that region.

Well, he's the one down there that knows stuff.... maybe he's right?  what do we know that he doesn't know better.. since he's there and we're here sitting on our butts

I'm sorry but I believe Karzai is telling more truth than our officials. That is sad when you start to believe the rhetoric of a man like him, but experience dictates caution with administration truths - and administration past or present.

Thanks again, Mr. Bush, and Dickey Cheney, for blundering us into Afghanistan and Iraq,...

Then leave if you don't like it , #$%$!

Karzai is the most ungrateful POS on Earth. Hundreds of NATO troops died propping this clown up and keeping the Taliban off his #$%$. Now he accuses them of helping the Taliban.

Karzai is a dead man walking. The Taliban is going to kill him at the very first opportunity . He's deluded himself into thinking that if he spouts this anti US rhetoric that he'll be spared.Not going to happen.When will tree-hugger americans learn and understand that islamist are not "our friends"...cut the funding and you will see what they do, because of who they are !!

LOL. The world knows he is corrupt and not trutworthy. He can say what he wants nobody believes or trusts him.

Ha ha...America installs a puppet and whimpers when the puppet dances to different strings...booh hooo.

Karzai understands Afghan mentality and complexities way better than Westerners can ever hope to.He needs to publicly distance himself from the West and appear to be standing on his own two feet as he has been facing plenty accusations of being to cozy with the US.Whatever he says in public differs from what is being said and done privately.Not only does he face a future without western support he also faces Iran, India and Pakistan vying for influence in his country. Something he does not have a hope in hell to withstand unless he can build alliances that will give him the necessary support base to survive.In any event without a majority support from within Afghanistan the situation will deteriorate very quickly into sectarian violence run by regional warlords.One can only hope the Afghanis themselves have tasted freedom and prosperity to such an extent that they are willing to fight to continue to build on that.If not Afghanistan faces a bleak future.

We need to pack up all our toys and go home, then the Taliban can stick Karzai's head on a stick and parade it around that @#$! hole of a country.......

Get our people home and let them ROT

NATO and the US should leave now, withdrawl every single troop there. Let the hell hole of a country go to #$%^. Ungrateful POS

Fine! We will just get the hell out!

These Afgan pigs don't care how much blood we have spilled to take back their country.. Lets get out and see them squirm. Karzai will be the first one the Talaban kill.

someone put some duck tape over this wise guy's mouththank you for someone actually standing up for the U.S. and the effort they put into helping others.

why are our troops still there?

F@#@  these turds get out of there let them kill each other.

Well he is sort of right. We are aiding the enemy....everytime we write him a check!

thats our thanks...predictable-you bet...

If it was not for the U.S. Karzai would not be in the position he finds himself in. He should choose his words more wisely. In fact I would tell him if there was more stupid acquisition on his part we will pull out troops and resources out of Afghanistan and he can deal with the Taliban himself.

It would seem that Karzai is just as good at hiding the truth as he was bin Laden.

Corrupt Karzai will last 5 minutes when NATO pulls out of Afghanistan!

American puppet, Karzai, will be gone soon, that's for sure.

Proof him wrong, pack up our troops and bring them home, our money and supplies too.No one can beat the Taliban. They are hardened, dont care about their lives as individuals, clever, devious and have resolve. Thats reality.

Clearly we need to send him a couple of billion more dollars..... then he will really like us.

Here is the thing, this is a country based on Islam, they hate the US. Even if we gave them every last red cent and resource we have available, they would turn around and use it to destroy us. They did it in the 80s when we helped them against russia. We helped the taliban by giving them our weapons, namely Osama Bin Laden who was a Mujahadeen fighter in direct dealings with the CIA and US Military. All Karzai wants at this point is to villify the US, take control of his country 100% and get us out of his hair.

It's way past time to take the training wheels offand let these Mahoundian savages sink or swim.Bring all our people home and stop all aid NOW!Oink!

the u s  military, c i a and the president  should open an investigation to find out whose pockets ended up with all that money!!  i hope its not swept under the rug!! there has to be an accountability!! some should go to jail !! tm

WHAT ARE WE DOING FIGHTING FOR A COUNTRY THAT HATES OUR GUTS? It's only to obvious that the President of Afghanistan has no respect for the U.S.A. and certainly does NOT appreciate our efforts to defend his country. Why are we determined to continue, we need to pack up and bring our soldiers home.

Karzai's days are numbered.

No more foreign aid, bring our troops home, protect our borders and screw the rest of the world!

Krazy Karzai needs to have the same electric prod we use on bulls for semen testing stuck up his behind.  I'm in charge of the voltage dial.

wow, what a wacko...time to leave him to his own devices...sink or swimKarzai is nuts .. he just wants more money from the USA without having to do anything for it ... we need to ditch this dump of a country ASAP ....

#$%$ Karzai. Pull out all U.S. Troops and put an end to Foreign Aid to that backwards hellhole.

Out now!

Fire up the transports take every last soldier and piece of equipment and say adios and good luck!

Karzai is a moron and i say we pull our troops out and lets see how long he stays in power!

Karzai is corrupt.......and unreliable, which is worse.

im starting to wonder if some one has put lsd in the drinking water in Washington dc

I guess he just lost his handout!

bring everyone home , and every bit of equipment etc.. we can , destroy or blow up the rest including the buildings we occupy now and flip the bird to that s.o.b. then we will see him get dragged down a street naked and dissmembered like the piece of sh7t he is!! yes i am bitter!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Pull all troops, stop all payments let Hamid Karzai pay for the insults and write that country off. The Taliban won. Get out before it becomes another Vietnam and put those billions of dollars back into our budget for our own use.Do not fear, brothers and sisters in arms, there is a special place in hell for worms like Karzai , abominations that he speaks.Makes me sick, knowing I was wounded and nearly died, and watched brothers die to help his miserable country.

Get us out of this toilet.  Obama needs to call Karzai and say...  you are on your own.  See ya.  No military OR financial support for these animals.

Get out now!

If anybody is colluding it is Karzai..

It has come time to TAKE HIS #$%$ OUT!!! He's a #$%$ and thief. To many American's have died to be badgered by this AH.Singn Me a PRETTY #$%$ OFF VET!!!

Anyone do a drug test on this guy recently?

We put Karzai in place, and now we should take him out.  Or we should stop paying for his security entourage!!  F U Karzai for saying that.

The efforts of Nato troops in Afghanistan are not appreciated by Karzai and his fellow thieves.  I strongly suspect corruption will flourish and the Afgan Government will collapse when western armies depart the country.

How could NATO and the US ever have expected a resolution that brought peace and widening democracy to an area - and considering more than just Afghanistan - that has been at the level of tribal warfare since before the birth of Christ? Possibly someone should have checked history and talked with the old Soviet Bloc for recent hindsight.

Nobody wins in war, especially the dead and wounded soldiers and their families.  We should have NEVER gone into Vietnam, Iraq #2, or Libya.  We had to face off with Saddam Hussein when he went into Kuwait, especially when he could have gone straight into Saudi Arabia.  We should never have gone into Iraq the 2nd time and Libya was a huge mistake as it turns out.  Our foreign policy to prop up Iranian Shahs, Nicaragua Somoza, Philippine Marcos, the monarchs of the Middle East have all come back to bite us in the #$%$.When will we ever learn?Get the United States out of Afghanistan immediately!

Just like Vietnam...Go out from base, go to a village and clear it with some casualties, give civilians medical and food aid.. Pull back..Get hit by rpgs and ieds all the way back to base..more casualties....Two days later same #$%$ all over again. No front lines, no secure rear areas..unwinnable war..  Get the ell out now!

hasn't been a democracy there for 1000 years and there won't be one for a 1000 more. time for us to come home.

Karzai and most of the Arab world live in a barbaric state. It's hard to deal rationally with them because we are use to civilized dealings with heads of state and find it difficult to understand a society hundreds of years behind us.

Hamid Karzai is trying make up a stage to be re-elected by getting attention from his opponents and Taliban.

Stop his check and see how long it takes him to come to the usa .  then tell him to get out !

Absolutely ridiculous Karzai is still in power.

Karzi has lost his corrupt mind. We aren't anywhere near to colluding with the taliban. We tend to shot them smelly camel humpers. We aren't about to work with the very savages we are working to try and get rid of. We need to leave Afghanistan and let them deal with the smelly savage talibans. They deserve each other.

Karzai has already decided to join the taliban after we send all our troops home.  The Afgan president is a coward to the bone.  A complete narcissis

When will we learn these muslim pigs are not our friends. NUKE EM...This is a civil war. Let them fight it out and get our troops out of there!!!!!!1

I looked up #$%$ in the dictionary and it said see Karzai!

get out now n no more money or green zone

Can somebody please remind me why we support that country in the first place?  Bin Laden is dead.  Let's get the heck out.  I have lost friends who died over there and for what?  Thankless President Karzai.  Enough. Bring them home.

This little goat-poker has stolen enough money from the US that he and his family of slimballs will be set for ten lifetimes!  Now that he has gotten his he want to toss the US so he can enjoy the fruits of his theft.  Don't you think its time we put all muslim countries in our rear view mirror?  Really, is there any lower form of life on this planet than a goat-poking muslim?

We all know they would all do the same if their country was being threatened.  Stop crying and get with the program.

We put that weasle in charge to protect the henhouse.  What results were we expecting?

Karzai is an #$%$! He is nothing more than taliban puppet,he's the one culabarating with the tailban! I say we cut off all aid remove all our troops,let the taliban and karzari have their way together.Then in 5 or 10 years we can bomb the terrorist ran country,back into the stone age.ALL BLOOD AND MONEY MUST STOP NOW!EMEDIATLY! WE HAVE SPENT AND WASTED OUR BLOOD,TIME,&amp; MONEY ON THIS RAT! karzari!!!

Scream all day about getting out now (I would even agree - I've seen first hand no reason for US to be there), but don't cry about the price of lithium batteries tomorrow.  When we leave, the Chinese will move in faster than krap thru a goose.

No More American Blood for Karzai!Nuke 'em all and let God sort 'em out!P.S.I AM a Liberal !He is an idiot!  Pull our troops out now and then he will have something to talk about.

Dear Prez Obozo: The Afgan leader is a corrupt moron with a 6th century mentality, who is now biting the hand that feeds him and keeps him propped up in office. Please bring all our troops home immediately and cut this jerk's allowance off completely. He will be deposed and assassinated within a week and the warlords will resume fighting each other. The bull about our presence being meant to deny islamists a base in Afghanistan has never been true; they just hang out in the parts of the country where we don't have any influence. We have zero to lose by leaving them on their own.

Karzai, what an ungrateful RAT

But isn't the US, UK and France colluding with Al-Qaeda's cousins in Syria?

Bring our troops home no aid and see how long this corrupt Karzai last in power.We dont have money to give to our enemies  .Keep it here Obama.

Karzai whats your problem. are you not being paid all you want from the U.S. Take a hike.

Would put it passed them...

Let's say, "Adios, and good luck!"

Remember it was President Jimmy Carter and his Jesuit Catholic Security Advisor Zbigniew Brzezinski [investigate Project Cyclone]... that started the Taliban and Al Qaeda in 1977 and with American taxpayer money...so who was it that BOMBED the World Trade Center...and why did America need to "silence" Osama Bin Laden…possibly now we know?  The network news media are all Jesuit Catholics ...and that along with Obama and Biden they are all AGENTS of a foreign government...the Vatican!  The Jesuit Catholic CHURCH ...NOT GOD ....is who Jefferson wanted separation from CHURCH and state ...investigate.... the proof is everywhere...Since 1828 the entire Socialist Democratic Party has been directed by the popes of Rome…

Karzai was put in office with U.S. support, but now that he and his brother have plundered the funds we sent him, he has no more use for us.bring our heross home only ridiculous thing here is karzi

If any one understands.  United States military has been in Afghanistan for a long time.  We have a lot of stuff there, that MUST be removed.  That is taking a while and costing quite a bit of money.  I just hope the politicians of United States have learned a lesson (thought they did when we went into Vietnam, but guess not!)  and to avoid helping other countries to embrace democracy.  Karzai is a fool and this statement proves he cannot be counted on for anything, especially keeping Afghanistan citizens free of the Taliban.

And yet we continue to pay this corrupt Afghan who portrays himself as a 'friend and ally' of the US.  Karzai is laughing all the way to the bank - he accuses the US of atrocities as he takes taxpayer's money and is sympathetic to the Taliban.  Karzai works with the Taliban now, and will allow the Taliban into the Afghan gov't as soon as the US troops withdraw.  Karzai does not have the political strength to be his own man, nor the moral to stand up for what is just and right for his own people.

Spent a lot protecting the opium fields for pharmaceutical makers you mean. Blood (and tax dollars) for opium, it has a long history, look it up.

Karzai would love to get back here to his chicken restaurant, believe me he has seen the Gaddafi video

Gosh, with all that our country has done for this dude in charge of Afganistan, a little appreciation would be nice.  The saying goes, "you don't bite the hand that feeds you."

Can you say, "The wheels are falling off?"  Nation building is a joke.  You have to build your own.

He's only doing this because he afraid of what may happen to him when the Americans leave. He's trying to get on the good side of the enemy. He's just as bad as they are, lets take our troops out of that forsaken country, and stop sending them money. The Russians were smart to leave when they did, knowing the two face Karzai.

another unelected beurocrat from god knows where telling us how it is.

Karzai should sto-p dressing in form-fitting sheets and get sensible.Karzai sucks green donkey d1cks.  Need to dispatch a drone with his name on it or better yet drop his #$%$ off in Pashtunland.

Karzai wants to survive after we leave.  If this doesn't work and he has to go, he'll just flee to Qatar where the billions we've given him are banked.  Between crimes we have committed on the ground and drone strikes, we have created a whole new generation of Osama bin Ladens.Whose been smoking now?  I say it's at least 50% of the American public.  You know, the ones who voted for Romney.

Why this clown is still alive is beyond me

Amen NATO, lets leave this clown in the DUST!

Why are we still there?

This has been a waste of money from the start. Thanks you idiots for wasting our tax dollars. Pathetic.

"absolutely ridiculous" my god dam #$%$ its been common knowlage in the US for years that alcida is CIA run and backed. The US goverment even admitted it and even admitted that bin ladin used to be a cia #$%$et during the proxy war with Russia when we backed the afghans. We also just sent money to the Muslim brotherhood and alcida in Syria and even said thats who we are sending it to..........         Karzai has know this sence the beginning any way. WHo the frig does he think owns the poppy feilds our guys have been ordered to gaurd and even now to harvest and process the opium that the Taliban and bush family trade all around the world. The bushes have been h runners since before Vietnam and there corsican mob connections. and daddy bushs cia connections. They didnt murder JFK just for the fun of it.

We need to put a drone up Karzai's wazoo.

F Karzai.  Give us an update on Miley's new tattoo instead.

there is too much poppy dust in the airwell I guess you could say that, after all we did support them and we did arm them. It all comes back around.

anybody in  that spot would question anything especially in the fog of war.hopefully it'll lift and they can have clarity and put an end to it for good.

Get our people out!

Are there term limit in afghan? Are there no better men than karzai in afgahn?Get out of aghan now and no more foreign aid to any nation, just internal aid.If they want american money, it has to be a loan with guaranteed colateral and interest.

karzai must be smoking opium, their chief export.

So mad I  miss spelled a couple words But that's ok Y'all got the jest!

The American Enterpise Institute and that den of wolves will work with anyone to secure a middle eastern union that will be forced to submit to the UN and the world banking cartel.

Hamid Karzai should have been specific about the elements instead of accusing USA in general. But he was not wrong. It is the FACT! The rat brains in Washington are in bed with terrorists and they have transformed themselves into such. When you develop FP to please the Ape Masters, you become a terrorist. And that part, these rats did know about it. But yet continued to do so.

Karzai's days as 'president' are numbered and running out fast!The Taliban is the only real government in Afghanistan and will be in charge soon!Go, Taliban, GO!!

Don`t worry Karzai will come running when NATO pulls out and taxpayers somewhere will be paying his bill.It is His country, you have done your job, Bin Laden is dead (Hopefully, if not now then at least in the past like 2002 or 2004), you have had the pleasure of killing countless Afghan and Pakistan civilians, now GET OUT if he doesn't want you!

"absolutely ridiculous"...Oh, I mis read the headline. I thought he was referring to the "mission" over there...My bad.

Is everyone forgetting who put  Karzai in power.  Was he not living in England as an "exiled" leader kicked out by the Taliban?  Was it not the USA who put him back in power?

The traitors who really carried out 9/11 had to be confident that they would not be brought to justice. On one hand, they miscalculated the power of the internet which became faster with further development, enabling millions of people to become aware of their crimes and deceptions, through the faster flow of information and by being able to view things like the obvious explosive demolitions of WTC 1, 2 and 7. They calculated well that their stranglehold on the mainstream media and the judiciary would put the brakes on calls for a real investigation. A large portion of the population unfortunately still refuses to face the reality of this monstrous betrayal. Some have the mentality of a battered wife who keeps making excuses for her tormenter. Some attribute the crimes to people like Cheney and the Neocons and naively believe that Obama is not controlled by the same criminal puppet masters. A quick analysis of his warmongering and totalitarian policies should shatter this illusion but it persists because of Barry’s excellent acting abilities and left-wing rhetoric. Americans need to understand that things are going downhill quickly and unless the real perpetrators of 9/11 are brought to justice, the US will move very quickly towards a total police state and participation in large international military conflicts.

oh well, Obama will keep sending him millions of dollars

high school kids could run our country better than the idiots we have put in office

I would trust what Karzai said before I would trust ANYTHING obammy or his tard monkey staff said.

Wow! My geography teacher NEVER told me that NATO was a county or that Afghanistan is on the Atlantic Ocean.  What kind of BS is this?

NATO is defensive organization? What are they doing in Afghanistan?

I say gets our troops home and send in special forces to take out this dirtbag, followed by visits to Iran, Syria, N. Korea an Pakistan. Cut the funding and let them all go to war with each other.Just like america to always say everybody doesn't deserve to voice their opinions about how many criminal acts america is getting away with inside america and outside america!!! We need a honest international criminal court to investigate my complaints abount americas law enforcement that has been controled by white maniac murderers and their chorts and everybodies elses complaints against these criminal white people just like they investigate the complaints against everybody else!!! Douglas k. Steward in washington dc for truth and justice for all not just some!!! 2023617415

Get him a cancer, fast one.

It's not billions, it trillions.

What if we lived in a world where instead of spending money on war (Trillions of dollars) we spent it on creating a world of peace, harmony, and love for one another.

Who cares what NATO thinks? Afghanland isn't in the North Atlantic, anyway. US troops do not take orders from foreign commanders.

me thinks thou duth protest too much.....hmmmmm

Put a dirty sock in his mouth and jail also he is a thorn in the us side and only for what the can get. We need to let him fight his battles and get the heck out and stay out.

He's the leader of that country.  He can say what he wants. We don't own that country.  We don't belong there.  We only went there so the CIA could revenge kill a Saudi rich kid that they trained.  These bozo's are stealing our retirement money to pontificate about how another man runs his country!  We have no business there!  We have no right to kill there!  We have no right to kill anywhere because we are only under attack from within!  Wake up and smell your own communist state so you can no why you are going broke.  You certainly can't stop it.  The need to kill is too great in America.  Lots of suspects left to execute.  Going broke is easy when you kill for breakfast using stolen money. And the people sit around talking about how they are under attack from terrorists. As they blow up the children of suspects in the lands of the poor.  These suits make no law!  They follow no law!  And they are destroying the honor of our military!  Get them out.  Both communist parties must go.  Both Republican and Democrat.  Only a free man can lead a free country.  A party boss is by definition a communist.  He wants the growth of his party.  Not the nation.  we are broke because we are communists!  See it!  Stop lying to yourself and others by believing the big lie.

all these addictive devices they 'show you the light of the way' huh.

tobacco smoke, sounds like an antihistamine to me; so if you smoke &amp; tell a medicine person that, they will get mad cause you're paying someone else for that herbal meds.  they get really upset if you take products into a store that doesn't sell them.  insurance doesn't apply unless previously arranged.We have 12 + yrs and hundreds of billions invested. We need to stay till done. Maybe another 12 yrs. We need a draft. That will save millions of dollars a yr.

Kaiza tells dtruth. US prepares war on Iran. It's a tactic to deploy US troops there for the war.

Sounds far fetched, I'll agree. But dismissing it simply because you don't believe our country is capable of such thing is extremely naive. We are talking about the same gov that has admitted to using chemical agents on US citizens in St Louis in the testing of chemical weapons. Also the same gov that is currently supporting al queda in Syria.

How can we consider Kharzais statement "ridiculous" when the CIA helped found al Qaeda when the Russians were in Afghanistan?

In other words it's probably true.

put that in your pipe and smoke it obama.

what happened is that the united states has secretly accepted that you cant defeat belief ! with military power, and even worse , is that the u.s has already killed so many civilians and children. Of coarse you wont see the real numbers on Fox or CNN,  but its the truth! we lost this war! we cant defeat the Taliban. No matter how many we kill. Its a belief! over there. its a way of life in that place. And we need to stop sticking or nose in those places.  The opium does not belong to us anyway.  yes i said it!

Anyone who believes the head of NATO, also believes in the Tooth Fairy.That guy cant lie straight in Bed