What will the rich do when we can no longer afford to buy their products or pay for their services? They won't get any richer, but decidedly, they could suddenly become poor.That's what happened when the Romans pulled out of Britain. Suddenly gold and silver had minimal value. People were left to barter for necessities for some time. Money could buy nothing because there was no way to make it worth anything.It took 100's of years for the Britons to dig their way out to financial stability.

"Public activity at Greek banks appeared normal Tuesday, following repeated assurances by the government that all deposits were safe." .... they left out "FOR NOW". If I were living in Greece, I'd be pulling my money out pronto!

All deposits are safe? No they are not!  They're about to get partially confiscated.

Don't ya just love Socialism?????

This is going to hurt all banks.Pull your money out now, drop the credit as money scam, file bankrupty if you can, DEBT IS NOT MONEY......except for the banking cartel, they make a lot of money off your debt....

I'll bet Obama is furious with himself for not thinking about taxing our bank accounts first

If you dont think Obama wont do the same thing you are a fool

This is a false crises ..13 billion rescue means 0nly 130 billion on deposits .that's just plain crazy Russia alone had over 500 billion on deposit .This was a trial balloon sent up to see what happens ,because Spain ,Italy ,and France wants to try it ...if this fails as it should then all bets are off ......there is a lot more to this than is let out ...believe me !

Cypress is the warning to how your deposits could easily be gotten here.  Of course, the government will tell you it's "an emergency" and "for your own good."  Like the bailouts.

My brother’s do you know today most of worldwide politicians are puppeteers of New World Order. New World Order slowly taking over whole World? Do you know what NWO plans are and what there manifesto states? Do you know after NWO will be in total control they will implant one of their dramatic plans call “Final solutions“ which is to eliminate 80-90% worldwide population and slave all remains rest of 500 million people. Many of NWO followers don’t know or don’t understand all their plans especially “Final solution for all humanity". Do your research you mast Google “New World Order”! Information will wake you up to the reality!