Does anyone actually expect a war to be humane?

Its war.do you expect them to throw flowers at each other.

in America's civil war, glass, nails, rocks, scrap metal, wood and anything else that could be put in the barrel of a cannon was used to kill and maim anyone in the line of fire. civil war is awful.

We just spent tens years of Life and treasure fighting Al Quaida.  Why are they suddenly "Rebels" fighting against a "Bad Guy" and we are supposed to support them with arms.  Was this what the Benghazi cover up all about or not?

Cluster bombs? Like the ones we use?

Well good for them...war is hell

"...killed 11 civilians, including two women and five children"Because that is where Al-Qaeda HIDES and FIGHTS from.

cluster bombs gas whatever it takes to kill the terrorists trying to take over syria.

Get rid of all jihadist terrorists

Why does that flag have the English language?These are the stories that will allow the EU to attack a country with 18 million left and 4 million that are now refugees in the surrounding countries. We do not need any more wars.

This article makes it appear that the whole of the Syrian people are fighting against the Syrian "regime". Nothing could be further from the truth. Western media outlets banging the war drums once again.

Cluster bombs, another gift to the world by American technology. The US used many in Iraq and Afghanistan. Why didn't that make the news?

Widely banned? The US military uses them!

The US uses cluster bombs.  Why wouldn't the Syrian government use them on militants and terrorist ??

All this according to some human rights group that is trying to promote their interests.They are trying to get us sucked into that mess.Even if they are using cluster bombs- we need to STAY OUT OF IT.  It is not our war.

I think any weapon can be used improperly and all weapons can have a use in the right circumstances.

Seems the rebels have not targets just car bombs set to kill people,and yet we are supplying them, For what purpose? We do not know who will be incharge,like Libya who is incharge there,or Egypt the Muslim Brotherhood after Obama and Hillary assured us they would not be incharge? Cluster bombs are really neat they can really clear an area but Napalm leaves a stench that is harder to forget.

are multiple warheads the same as a cluster bomb ?????

there is no right and human right as UN did not try to help  syrians government for security nation ,and  protect civilians and soldies ,so the syrian government has a right to stop any  violence ,security the country and protect its people . this is a basic law of any government  when the un  left it behind. there is no right for any body ,groups and parties who try violence,destroy the nation , kill the people and over throw the government to ask  demanding....! un shuold  make a deal with any government to  stop any war and violence.. and  shuold not support any gruops and parties to over throw  its government .it does not matter  right or wrong by violence....Cluster bombs aren't banned or illegal - they are legitimate munitions of war.  I just wish the muslim knew how to use them properly, the death rate should be in 100s not 11.  You can kill 11 with a grenade.

Unreal, and our unAmerican government wants to give them yet more lethal weapons.

War is war; however, some kill indiscriminately for maximum effect, while others are more careful with their targeting, trying to avoid the death of innocent life.  Muslims are the former.

Clusters are very effective if used properly. Napalm is very effective. The idea is to kill and wound as many enemy with one shot in order to tax their resourses and dramaticaly  reduce the numer of combatants and their mental capacity to keep fighting.

Our government is really screwing up this time. We are on the wrong side of this Syrian civil war. We should be supporting Assad, and not the "rebels." They are using us to get what they want to wage their war, and will turn on us the minute they can. They are NOT our friends, they DO NOT want democracy. They are extremists whose roots are in Islam, not freedom. Assad, at least, represented some stability and rationality in the region, despite his government's antagonistic attitude towards Israel. Once his government falls, just watch what happens. I am sickened by the stupidity of our State Department.

muslim killing muslim such religious people---by the way---the usa uses cluster bombs.

What brand of cluster bombs are being used? Why is there no list of brands so Yahoo readers can compare? We need facts so as to know who's cluster bombs are the best.

"Spoken on condition of anonymity."  So it's a rumor.

I think Iran needs to supply more arms to Assad to break the stalemate.

I always find it humerous when protesters are holding banners written in English.  think about why that is??Go get'em Assad ...... Clean out those terrorists.......  USA, Britain, France OUT of Syria..

Another fine piece of journalism (cough cough) attempting to once again paint the bad guys (terrorists and mercenaries) as the good guys and painting the military and Assad as the bad guys.  Sorry, NATO, sorry Western Media but the world knows that no matter how you package it, your lies and propaganda are just that.

Freedom to persecute religious minorities and anybody else you like.

More lies by the U.S. and their allies and the thiven lying good for nothing U.N.

if syria would have hit these rebels with everything they got maybe this war would be over .assad needs to hammer down deploy chem weapons end it fast

As our President says, as long as there are no Chemical weapons used, Assad is good to go!

YouTube "Every American has to see this! This is what your Government supports in Syria!"Can somebody explain?

I don't care---let them kill each other---they will be in their heaven

Glad to hear Assad is stepping up the killing of Al Queda terrorist that Odumba backs and supports.

We need to stay out of this civil war. It is none of our business.Coming to your town soon.

Sometimes you have to smoke the burrow to kill all the rodents. Al Qaeda &amp; radical Islamists = Rodents.Rebels cry about war crimes and simultaneously detonate car bombs.Smoke 'em all.

This LEFTIST interpretation of events is almost funny. But I'm not laughing at how foreign Leftists and oil thieves have escalated this attempted takeover and avoidance of the 2014 Syrian election, to the point where deeply controversial methods are being made necessary to preserve freedom and elections.

never trust a islamist for the truth or to do the right thing,,nothing but lying murdering thieves

The rebels (al quaida terrorist) have appealed to the West for military aid so they can eventually use the weapons against us. I'm sure Obama will find a way to accommodate them.

Syria is invading their own country and killing its foreign citizens.  Brains are washed, truth is not told.

You know (of course) that they bought these cluster bombs from Israel.

Assad is looking more like Obama every day. Maybe Assad will start using drones tomorrow.

Assad, don't stop now.

We are seeing Islam at it's very best. All of civilizations barriers to extreme vicious cruelty have been removed and Islam can slaughter Islam without restraint. Before this is over, more than a million people will be killed, wounded, crippled and like any fire will spread, devastating every house on the metaphorical block.Only when they give up their primitive superstitions that are Islam, can these people save themselves. It is unlikely that they will ever have that wisdom.Allah, a brutal God for a savage people,Shame on the Syrians.  WE are the only one who can use such bombs.

The Syrian people will never give in to Al-Qaeda occupying forces financed by the West..........to create regime change..................The Western governments are lying about this Proxy war, ( not a civil war)...........why isn't our State Run Media explaining how all these Middle Eastern Countries being Illegally ravaged by aggressors was on a Pentagon Hit List of countries they wanted to take over ???????????? Every single one of them, unbelievable how stupid they think the American people are...................does anyone find it odd that all of these countries are falling apart at the same time and the only recourse is an INVASION by the West, NATO, etc..........These are Hitlerian War Crimes, not in my name.Traitors and now their eye is on America herself, once they get the GUNS say good-bye to the rest of our dwindling rights!!!!!!!!!! Watch "Fall of the Republic" on youtube

Who cares if it,s a car bomb or cluster bombs it still goes bang

Freedom? does that mean freedom for women too?  where they can go to school, work, besides being slaves to the husband?

(cr)AP continues to shod that it is nothing more than an obsequious mouthpiece of the Syrian terrorists.

Yeah, ok, seems France and Britain won't learn from the mistakes of the US either. We armed the 'rebels' in afghanistan against the russians, and take a look at how that turned out.Why in hades would you want to ARM your future enemies? Most of the rebel groups are islamists.... and they have very little love for the west. Except when they want guns, or money......

If they want to kill each other, let them. Don't buutt in.If you lose your strength, you close to slavary or death.

It used to be called "strategic" when allies firebombed German and Japanese cities. More civilians died from firebombing than both the nukes on Japan combined. The reason why the USA wont ever win the war in Afghanistan is because we refuse to actually destroy the heart of the beast.This is Syria's problem. Let Syria take care of it.

Please stop BSing the public: It is not Syrian citizens that Syrian national army fights but paid mercenaries from all over the poor Arab world - mujahids paid by Saudi Arabia &amp; Qatar. Every day they post the dead terrorists' bodies together with their foreign passports - Morocco, Tunisia, Turkey, Iraq, Libya, Chechnya whatever. Skilled Arab speaker can tell by dialect that the so-called Free Syrian Army is neither free, nor Syrian, nor an army. Great example: imagine 10thousand Brits, Australians, Canadians come to USA and want to establish a monarchy. True, they speak the language, look the same but they are not Americans and one can tell by their accent and passports. They would have no right to speak for Americans and if Great Britain would recognize them as government entity, how would you like that? Assad &amp; Syria should get a Nobel peace prize for cleaning up this vermin that only knows to destroy and kill. By the way, the Wahabi terrorists fly the Al Qaeda flags, so if we should side with anyone, it is Syrian people, Syrian army and Assad.

Sgt. Rico to Assad:You kill bugs good, man!They all look like a bunch of illegals.

The US said cluster bomb is a fair weapon and did not vote to outlaw it--even when most of the free world nations did!!

syria= a place for obama to spend middle class money

Oh...my...gosh.  Not CLUSTER bombs!!!  Those things are EFFECTIVE!!!

More propaganda to start another war. AP is useless.

Syrian govt. should take out the English and international human rights groups because they are spies.. Win the war!

The Convention on Cluster Munitions (CCM) is an international treaty that addresses the humanitarian consequences and unacceptable harm to civilians caused by cluster munitions, through a categorical prohibition and a framework for action. The Convention prohibits all use, production, transfer and stockpiling of cluster munitions. In addition, it establishes a framework for cooperation and assistance to ensure adequate care and rehabilitation to survivors and their communities, clearance of contaminated areas, risk reduction education and destruction of stockpiles. The CCM was adopted on 30 May 2008 in Dublin, Ireland and signed on 3-4 December 2008 in Oslo, Norway, the CCM  entered into force on 01 August 2010. Currently the Convention has 111 signatories, out of which 79 are also State parties. Neither Syria nor the U.S. are signatories.

Assad - I thought he was a physician...

Let me guess; next it's WMD. Oh, and it's the same WMD that came from Iraq. Cheney had a decade to get some into Syria, blah, blah. Who to believe? Chicken little and Cry wolf. The fact: USA tax payers are giving weapons and money to Islamist radicals (whoever they are). Instead of feeding OUR OWN families we are having our cash shipped to those that want us dead, and we are arming them with the means to carry that out. Is it our own politicians that are the enemy or some group of insurgents in a speck of sand somewhere NOT HERE.

Not expanded enough.I wish muslims would make peace within their secs.  Its the same with the Catholics and the Church of England.  We have come to accept each other.  Stop killing each other over a god that loves us all for who we are.

they should use car bombs like the rebels those seem to be fine.

No banned cluster bombs,only car bombs(brand new LEXUSES).

Long Live Bashar al Assad

funny how the picture has a CIA planted flag written in english for the sheeple of the US.

We need to stay out of this mess... It's terrorists fighting terrorists. The $60,000,000 we are sending over there is needed in our country.. I feel bad for the Syrian civilians but we have enough problems here.

Don't think the US Government WOULDN'T do the same thing to American's, during a Revolt!

I heard this same propaganda from Associated Press during the leadup to the invasion of Libya.  That turned out to be a rouse to grab that country's oil, gas and gold.  Beware folks.  Every news source is pushing some kind of agenda for some powers that be.

It is a shame but i suppose use of cluster bombs is proper since Israel and USA have used it.

We need to avoid ANY involvement...the Muslim government that replaces Assad will be no less a threat and no more democratic than any of the other Muslim "democracies" that infest the middle east. The more they kill of each other, the better, at least they're not killing Americans.I'm still waiting to see if someone will try and impeach obama over providing material support to Al Qaeda if they follow through with their plan to provide non-military aid to the rebels. We know Al Qaeda fighters are embedded with rebels and the Unpatriotic Act clearly forbids providing material support to terrorists.

napalm the "rebels" into submission

America is rome , ask founders who worshipped the roman empire

followed soon with dus ,ive been brained washed so long I forget the enemy is just like us and people to

Oh now I see, if Muslims use cluster bombs it's a damn shame, but if Israel uses them their war criminals.

Let the Muslims kill each other all they want better them killing one another than us, they talk about everyone else in the world and they are such a peace loving would not hurt a fly bunch of Muslim #$%$ oh yeah and iss on muhammad so tear another page from the Koran cause I am out of toilet paper and put it where it belongs in the sewer

So, we can drop them in iraq and kill their women and children and call it "Spreading Freedom" , but when another govt uses it against terrorists it's called "Mass Murder" HAH, seriously when did the media get so #$%$. If they're in any way in association with the rebel forces then they're NOT civilians. It's a civil war, it's going to be nasty, inhumane, but at the end of the day the rebels are just terrorists like any other terrorists. When we in the us rise up to overthrow our own govornment, i'm sure obama won't hesitate to sign an order to nuke american cities to quell the "insurgency"

"widely banned" sounds like a term meaning LEGAL!

It is absolutly normal everywhere with widespread terrorist war.

Should have used the clusters way earlier. Why is it we have to wait until we catch them in the act of killing us before we can do anything about it?Why do we have to give minorities who hate us an advantage. Noting in the US Constitution about that.and the GOP neo-cons want to get us involved in that lovely little war.

i like the smell of burnt moosloom in the morning,,,,,let them kill each other

The rebels want to 'free' Syria so the Islamic Brotherhood can take over like in Egypt and Libya.  That's why Obama supported both those countries and is now sticking its nose into Syria..

I wonder where their getting the information in these reports? From the terrorist,I'll bet thats accurate.

So what? USA also used cluster and phosphorous bombs in Iraq. And Syrian "rebels" use car-bombings, targeting civilians.

Please don't get the US involved in this.  There will not be a winner.

Why don't you post pictures of our American children: children of servicemen/women who lost their lives to protect us against the same “Rebels?”  Children of 911 victims... who lost their parents, friends, and relatives in those vicious terrorist attacks done by the similar people that previously we called them “Rebel?”

Israel and the USA love cluster bombs and use them as a part of their arsenal against men,women and children......

Nothing new here: Britain, France &amp; the US persisting and stopping at nothing for world domination under the NATO empire propaganda. For there self-interest &amp; agenda, Syria is a vital block to take down in order to weaken Hezbollah, Iran (and North Korea by extension).

Yeah ! International Human Rights .... Good morning ! G.W.Bush was hated for fighting Al Qaeda !! Obama now is their ally : ISLAM IS ONE WHETHER AT LARGE OR IN DISGUISE ON TOP OF THE US HIERARCHY !!! Syria was a stable country, and Obama and his french poodle are trying BY FORCE to topple a peaceful country !!! ... ISLAM SLAMS !Here in the United States when the states attacked Iraq our military used cluster bombs against the Iraqi military, several times. What the ell makes it illegal if the Great and Powerful Bashir al Assad uses them? Those crummy terrorists are destroying his country from the inside out. Those terrorists kill torture and maim anyone and everyone they come across that does not agree with them.

cluster bombs? what's the big deal, the US used depleted uranium against civilians in Iraq and Afghanistan but of course the UN will never point fingers at it's #1 contributor.

`well if nothing else, the proganda is non-stop, Now truth is a whole other matter?

Which cluster bomb manufacturing nations sell them to Syria?

As I recall someone once said "war is hell", I have no love for Assad and my heart breaks for the kids stuck in the middle but simply giving the rebels/insurgents/terrorists/freedom fighters or what ever you want to call them will never fix the problems in the middle east.

No problems whenever Israel uses cluster bombs, double stand here.

war is hell, is syria a member of he ban on cluster bombs? if not then it sucks to be them. You could bet if this was happening here in the US, the US Gov would be using them.

The Middle East is nothing more then one big cluster #$%$ anyway!

and the yeng yang continues?

they just killed another 140 people - half of which were children.  The only difference between the Syrian soldiers and the rebels is that one side likes their leader and the other doesn't, but they both have no problems killing their own people in droves.USE THE GAS ASSAD USE THE GAS

The news media will not get it. They keep trying to get the Al Qaida terrorists some help in Syria. I have an idea for the news media. Why don't you say that the WMD'S that you lied about in the pastand said was in Iraq. Just say that you have information that these WMD'S are in Syria. Who knows, it may work out again.

Not sure why Syria is unable to kill off these #$%$ roach type terroists who are destroying their country - they need to get extreme in doing the job of extermination and not think a thing of including citizens who support their presence in the country.

cairo,,tehran ,,the site of a nuke to go off this year

The U.S. learned during the war in Vietnam, that if you just drop your bombs on the same tree over and over nobody will get hurt.

I bet not many thought Syria would be able to hold out as long as they have. Given how quickly the others from the Arab spring fell.

why usa has a right to do any thing to stop any  violence to protect her country and  UN has no right to judge  american people and   government...!

israel provided these to assad's regime with the help of guess who.

So whaps the problem with Cluster Bombs??? Israel has used them and maintains a stock pile ...Oh sorry me bad I forgot. Israel is immune of criticism.

isn't that supposs to say expanding his perimiter to include killing even more of his nations people?people are powerfully tricked when it comes to the first penny taken from do not hurt life without need perimeter of life's belonging. like taxes the first penny cost the teams survival.how one the team can not have simple secure to do not hurt life without need do not crippled away from life's benefit without need orders for there fighters.another is custom bribery payout cripples peoples ability to use there smarts since there have no clue what is alloud and not with the taxes.hired mercs just step aside when the battle is tough. honest defenders of life would not be therenone of us would have a demonstration clearly showing evil is not getting our work and using it too hurt us, which is also the only way to pay attention to the team value hired staff with the ability of the team. since that is a security basis that means life is not in control of thoughs values instead it is easy to take where no one is looking, waste, or give to evil.and plenty more like can not use defenders of life id to avoid unneeded warfare with life.Good, break out the mustard gas too. Kill all those muslim insurgents. Arm the civilians and Christians as they will soon be slaughtered by the militants.

Is there any way both sides could lose?

A kinder, gentler war? The #$%$ say. I won't doubt Assad gets so desperate he'll roll out the chem weapons.

70,000 dead, says who?

so what we used cluster bombs in desert storm bigggg dealllllll!!!!

at least assad is trying to kill terrorists not arm them

This is the regime that the administration (Hilliary) touted as being so progressive and would never hurt their people.  Wrong, just like everything this state department has done.

Civil war is an oxymoron, there isn't anything civil about war. The United States needs to stay out of their business whicch includes sending weapons to the rebels in Syria, we have a bigger problem, and those are the nut cases, Kin Jong-Un of North Korea and Ahmandinejad of Iran both of them a mentally unstable and pose a nuclear threat to the world.

Assad is doing the world a favor by exterminating genocidal terrorists at an incredible rate... we owe him a debt of gratitude

I used to support the Free Syrian Army, but now that they've allowed the jihadists to take the lead in the fighting with their tactics of killing prisoners, anti-Islamic suicide bombings, intentional targeting of civilians, sectarian division and implementation of an extreme Sharia police state for a people who originally wanted a new secular government, I have come to the conclusion that I don't care how many of them Assad kills. They decided to climb into bed with the people who do everything Allah forbids in his name, so now they can suffer the consequences of his anger.The US uses them all the time and admits it openly. What's the big deal here?

what is amazing about this report is that its based on an unverified report from "A" human watch group, so all i know its BS based on BS.

The united states used them in every war so whats wrong with them using them.

The real forces fighting in the front lines are Syrian army and foreign fighters, including Al Quada, sponsed by Saudi, Qatar and other sunnis.  It is not about freedom and democracy. It is between seculars and flamed by westerns.

What the USA needs to do in get our butts out of other peoples biz ! we have have so many issues in our own country  to name a few homeless ,education , jobs , politicians is a pissn' contest , immigration to name a few . We have lost to many young men and women  in a useless conflict Viet Nam , Iraq and Afghanistan  ,  sure as hell did not see a big rush to help those young children in Africa when they were being Raped  and Drugged and used as Soldiers . No Oil involved . The President Should be Ashamed of Himself .and I Voted for him the first time , I would not help him change a flat tire now.

another pretext-urging the world to arm the rebel after eu fail to come out with a consensus

Late Friday, rebel fighters from the al-Qaida-linked group Jabhat al-Nusra and other Islamist factions seized a military base and munitions depot in the town of Khan Touman in the northern province of Aleppo, the Observatory said.The rebels have appealed to the West for military aid, including anti-aircraft weapons, to help them break the stalemate.Can someone explain this please....al-Qaida wants to destroy the west BUT ask the west to help arm them..... what am I not understanding here?  They want use to give them arms that one day they will kill americans with???

Cluster bombs today , gas tomorrow ?

War is war, no one said it would be fun

So many Muslims to be killed, so little time.this is like a very bad dream

So what? Israel and the USA both haven't signed the cluster bomb treaty.....if Princess Di was still alive, she'd be appaled!

As long as the Muslims are killing each other and not shooting at our troops I'm happy.

israel use the same weapon in gaza, w bank and in lebanon and no critics, go Mr Assad exterminate them all

Weird, did we ever condemn and ridicule ourselves for using them in Iraq.  why do we always display such double standards.  why is it ok for us and not anybody else?

NO MORE WARS FOR ISRAEL!!!!!!!

Please people, click on "Report Abuse" on Mike's posts; the one who's trying to bully other posters. He's a foul mouth, Al-Qaeda terrorist sympathizer... and a BULLY

looks like syria is going to escalate because assad sees he is in trouble.france will be leading the way with arms sent to rebels which means the rebels will have sophisticated weapons and assad has planes and tanks that will be fried.

"The fighting in Syria has killed some 70,000 people and displaced 4 million " and we solve it by Arming more people... Brilliant!!

Did israel not use the cluster bombs in Lebanon or the US in Iraq?if syria does this to its own citizens, what would it do to an actual enemy?  oh right, it's syria.  it surrender and look for foreign aid

Well the UN  got laws passed,   FOR STOPPING THE VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMENBut Hellzzzzzz Fires,,,,,,,,,,,,DIDN'T THINK ABOUT USING BANNED CLUSTER BOMBSLadies won't be affected I presume,,,got to be armored plated corsets and girdles

fight dirty when you are losing

During WW2, the US dropped 2 A-bombs in Japan and carpet bombed multiple German cities where we knew there were lots of civilians and minimal industry and military.  Terrorists today fight along side their families within their own towns and cities, so they can quickly blend in as their form of "retreat."   Assad is not targeting civilians like we did; civilian deaths are unavoidable in guerrilla wars as we ourselves found out in Vietnam, Iraq, and Afghanistan.     The USA continues to rack-up collateral damage with our drone attacks too.  So, articles that point out civilian deaths in this war have only one purpose.  Propaganda.

I wonder where they got the cluster bombs and who made them...

Funny that the story FAILS to mention the two LARGEST purchasers  of  cluster bombs is the UNITED STATES the other is ISRAEL !!!

What is the problem??? Israel has used cluster bombs in Lebanon and also in Gaza..nobody was complaining!

France again? and British. Look what they did in Libya.

Bush and Obama both used high tec cluster bombs in all of their war theaters       killed many civillians too......

american trained alquida insurgents to enter syria and fight the syrias troops watch presstv for the truth.boy this will bite us in the #$%$.I feel bad for the kids. They must be terrified.

peaceWhite Collar criminals RARELY does Time in Cage FACTORY LINE

So, This is how Obama is going to make "PUBLIC" the Troops that have been training for 6 months at FT Reilly KS. for this very mission.This month, Obama plans to start deployment of 4,200 troops of the 1st INF 2nd BCT in Company size units to 35 Countries in Africa as "Advisers" along with millions of weapons (small arms to artillery), they will fall under AFRICOM based it Italy.MACV Adviser68-70

Israel will strike again.

well, Israell has been using the cluster bombs for the past20-30 year and NO one said #$%$ about it. And Yahoo STOP saying civil war, because it's not. Its a war between the Syrian Government and terrorist, insurgents , and extremest from all over the world. Last report by the washington post said that 90% of the fighters are not syrian. Get your facts toghether before publishing an article.

If nobody's gonna do anything about the coxuckers, quit #$%$ talking about it.

more lies and more propaganda by this terrorist organization human rights watch and problly backed up by osama obama. God bless Assad use the gas and put a stop to this terrorism.

Associated press! Is your job to spread rumors! ane day chemical weapon and another cluster bombs.. How many times we must hear these fabrication.. Shame on you..ahhhhh I forget .. You are a Zionists organization, your job to spread hate and killing..

Syria regime expands use of cluster bombs: report,,,I LOVE CLUSTER BOMBS,,,,,,go ISLAM the religion of PEACE's

They are all terrorists.  The rebels execute POW's.  The government uses cluster bombs.  Blah, blah, blah.GOOD !The more Assad kills,  LESS  terrorists for the future !

The most vocal supporters of Assad have been the Iranian government, Hezbollah and Hamas.  The more Syrians that are murdered by their favorite Arab butcher, the more they rail against the Jews.and other infidels.

"Cluster bombs open in flight, scattering smaller bomblets. They pose a threat to civilians long afterwards since many don't explode immediately. Most countries have banned their use."This article "forgets" to add that America is NOT included in the "Most countries have banned their use". Our forced have used them extensively in our too-many wars, killing many thousands of innocents in the process. But, why mention that....?

"Two strikes in the past two weeks killed 11 civilians"Average of 5.5 dead per strike? They could have done far better with hand grenades!

In the above article, it refers to al quata linked oppostion forces. If the opposition forces accept this group, why would the current administration in washington want to help arm them!!

Late Friday, rebel fighters from the al-Qaida-linked group Jabhat al-Nusra and other Islamist factions seized a military base and munitions depot in the town of Khan Touman in the northern province of Aleppo, the Observatory said.I thought the West and US was fighting against Al-Qaida in Afghanistan, Iraq and Pakistan...?! Does anyone have any idea what these idiot Western and US politicians up to?

We'll send Oboma and him Dem buddies to fight with you but either way you have to keep them if they live........

People should really wake up and realize that The US govt is supporting, funding, arming, training the very same group of mercenaries that get the blame for the 9/11 attacks and starting at least 4 wars. Al qeada hates us for our freedoms should be interpretted as The Owners of the US govt hate you for your freedom. Now give up your guns like a good little slave!

I feel for the people of Syria but the US should not get involved. Assad will eventually win and peace will be restored. The Syrians  will all still hate the US even if Assad goes down. This is a no win situation for us. Besides we need the money for robotic squirrel research.

Assad is doing the world a huge favor by bringing down the extremists population.Good Job

You gotta be really gullible and plain stupid to believe this #$%$.

another example why Assad regime needs to go.

This is a religious sectarian struggle in Syria. Let them fight it out and we should stay out of it. We can then deal with the weak victor.

Japan was not a muslim nation. They were defeated and are now civilized.Germany was not a muslim nation. They were defeated and are now civilized.Doesn't it tell us something.  It is almost impossible to convince a muslim.

There will be a day of reckoning that the Syrian citizens will use the same bombs on the Assad leadership. The day is not too far away! One way to limit Iran is to get Syria away from them. We should be supporting Turkey in assisting the rebels to overthrow the Assad govt and to prevent Al Queda to establish a base there. Why are we not doing it?

The kid with the flag looks like the kid from "Malcolm In The Middle".

Nuke the rebels.

Boy nothing says good Presidential policys like using cluster bombs on your voters that dont support your dictatorship .What comes after Assad will be what it is but this guy has too go

I only have one thing to say about all this mess...."Stay the F..k out and stop wasting American money on other countries, we need it here!the only non lethal aid we should send is conndoms and birth control pills.

More dead Muslims ... what's there not to love?

Yeah the USA can use these bombs but other countries can't, give me a break.  We need to keep our nose out of things that don't concern us.

While the world watches as Al-Qaida and Al-Nusra terrorists behead Syrian Christians who have lived there for 2,000 years, only Assad and Russia are protecting them from genocide by Obama and his Israeli masters.

Syrian's celebrating revolution from Jordan.  Why don't they go back home and fight in this revolution if they support it so much and celebrate it so much?  Keep this civil war going!  Keeps these Muslims minds on killing each other instead of Americans

38 comments with 100 thousand Syrians Dead. where are the 1.3 billion muslims/ nothing to add,how pathetric

and we arm and support terrorist opposition group, that the whitehouse blacklisted, Why exactly!!??

Syria regime expands use of cluster bombs:THIS is a good thing,,,,,,YEAH,,,,,it kills more of them filthy MOOZIES

Islamic states are heavily represented at the U.N and on the Human Rights Council, yet the U.S seem powerless or unwilling to challenge their atrocious human rights records.

Time for the dronesThe bombs will be put to good use. Syria cannot be ruled by Sharia law. The rebels are extremists.

4 tips from TRAINING MANUAL OF ONLINE SYRIAN PROPAGANDISTS: 1. Portray the rebels as "terrorists &amp; Al Queda even if most are not; 2. Pretend to be American and ask questions like "Why are 'we' helping them? 3. Never mention Assad's role in the death of 200 marines in Lebanon or how he aided Al Queda in killing US soldiers in Iraq; 4. Never remind readers of about how Assad originally slaughtered and tortured peaceful demonstrators demanding serious reforms, democracy and human rights, making fine use of snipers.

Cluster bombs?  Any country that produces them, exports, imports and stockpiles them should have its leaders considered conspirators to commit crimes against humanity.  Hey wait, the US produces them.  Oh then it's ok!  Use them if you got them!  Have to keep our military-industrial complex working.  Nobody wants a jobs killer even if it's making weapons to kill people.  Please pass the assault rifle!

Hopefully Iran can help Syria, Lebanon, and Hezbollah in their War On Terror against Sunni wahabbi arab Al-Qaeda terrroism

let them kill each other  ok

Must be getting them form IRAN ,via RUSSIA &amp; CHINA they all are the human rights krap holes of the earth !

Just wondering how many of these rebels are Syrian citizens and how many are important by terrorist groups? Also, where are photos of cluster bombs opening up to release the "bomblets"? A camera phone attached to a telescope would do it even from a safe distance.

There's nothing about war that is pretty. You kill the enemy or you die. Doesn't matter how it happens, just the way war is. People who think there should be codes of conduct are delusional.

The USA started it, then other nations follow suit. This is how our world will end, with endless arms escalation. We use drones, they will start using drones against us. We use the atom bomb, they will retaliate. Empires fighting for power and control of resources do not give a fig about their people let alone anyone else's. Yet our increasingly dictatorial government tells us they must intervene for humanitarian reasons, an outrageous lie often told by tyrannical governments determined to create perpetual war to sustain and extend their power. And their power can be used against us just as well. They have no more concern for us than they do cockroaches, that is how they see us. What the military calls civilians killed as a side effect, bug splat. That is what they think of us.

False USA BULL SHxx.Arming these crazy izzies is absurd. Let them and the Baathist kill each other. No down side.

What else do you expect from Muslim Arabs except violence? The concept of individual freedom is non-existent in their culture.

Abbas And Netanyahu Think Alike.  Interesting.  Netanyahoo Should Have A Rule That Forbids The Thumbing Down On Comments That, Although May Be "Unpopular" Are TRUE.Zionist Israel Used Phosphorous (Chemical) Bombs On Pals, Abbas Wants To Us Phosphorous (Chemical) Bombs On Syrians.  GOD, (TMH) Said, "Don't Kill".Zionists Israel Used The Illegal Cluster Bombs On Pals, Abbas Want's To Use Illegal Cluster Bombs On Syrians.  ALL Bombs/Missiles Should Be Illegal.Netanyahoo, Before You "Thumb Down" My TRUE, FACTUAL AND ACCURATE Comment, First Show Me, Were Is The Lie? Alright, I Know The Drill...Thumb Down! Thumb Down! Thumb Down! Thumb Down! Thumb Down...

I think the bigger problem is they don't seem to be able to kill each other fast enough!

PRODUCERS OF CLUSTER MUNITIONS35 countries have produced or are still producing cluster munitions:Argentina, Australia, Belgium, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Brazil, Chile, China, Croatia, Egypt, France, Germany, Greece, India, Iran, Iraq, Israel, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, North Korea, Pakistan, Poland, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Singapore, Slovakia, South Africa, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, United Kingdom, United States...

It seems like it's normal to complain about a weapon that works.

peaceEmpires NULLIFIED Consitution and NULLIFIED Covenants = double bargaineer pioneers

Terrorists have no rights to ask any government for freedom and any rights by using violence. They should be killed, and that's what Assad is doing. thank you Assad and on the behalf of good Americans I apologize that our own government fight terrorism and still support it in Syria. Politics is a nasty game. I have followed the Syrian crisis since the beginning. Syrian Government asked them to come and negotiate and things will be done, yet these terrorists have no way of communication but violence and more violence and as government roles all over the world is to protect its land and people from intruders and terrorists, that's what the Syrian government exactly did.Yet western countries and U.S kept supporting the violence. go kill terrorist Assad. thank you for that.

peaceTERRITORY LAWS need NOT APPLY in LAWLESS Democracy bombs sovereignty

I cannot wait till the freedom fighters of Syria get their hand on that needle nosed dictator  (Assad).Iran, Russia, China it's time to help militarily President Assad to stop the US, and EU terrorism in Syria.

Go, go President Assad, take down all those US paid terrorist puppets destroying your country !!!

cluster bombs are exclusive to the USA , as when it was used in Iraq.

peaceEmpires have not YET  been evicted OUT of the Kingdome of God

peacePeople memics leadership,,,,USE bombs and bullets to solve problems

I do love the underestimation of civilian casualities.....11? From cluster bombs Get real!  Times that by at least 100. Sad part is the only ones who lose is the innocent civilians. What a choice....Dictator Assad or terrorists Al Qaida. I thank GOD every day to be living in The United States of America! God bless our troops!

How many civilians have those car bombs planted by the criminal terrorists murdered. Your reporters are silent on that.

Ironic . we have been fighting a war on terror for the past 12 years. now we find ourselves supporting, arming,and financially backing the very same al'queida militants that many of our soldiers have died trying to annihilate. I guess terrorists are only terrorists when their actions have no net gain for you. the ironic part is that the assad regime supports Iran which is why we are siding with al'queida  but if the rebels win they will support iran as well. there is no gain in this for America.

Boy o'boy. France is becoming very active lately. Libya, Congo, Mali and now Syria!

forget assad,when is the us regime going to be charged with aiding our enemyWell said Aeneuman, FrankB, William, Pat Walsh. Let's not forget the US's nuclear bomb on Hiroshima and Agent Orange in Vietnam. Remember that picture of the little girl running naked in the streets with burns on her body?

Barack Hussein Obama. I voted for you. Now cut the #$%$ and end this BS.You Just cant support a terrorist group that you Blacklisted.

The idolatry of the Koran is suppose to be understood in Arabic, that it should only be spoken in their language, is a man made limitation dictated by the prophet's followers to perpetuate fear and control.

Notice how the story doesn't mention deaths caused by the 2 ton car bomb set off by the rebels or by the seized weapons and ammo the al-Qaeda linked rebels (read - terrorists) stole.

The rebels surely have elements of Al Quida terrorist group inside helping them fight Assad.But sometimes you must make allies with the enemy to defeat a much worst enemy: Iran and Russia are backing Syria's Assad forces and Hezbollah in Labanon is also helping Assad kill more and more civilians. They send huge amounts of arms and manpower to help Assad forces. Its time the west to help the rebels with every kind of weapon they need to defeat Assad and after victory, the west will take care of Iran and Israel will take care of Hezbollah.  Events may unfold so fast that the war with Iran and Hezbollah is imminent.

we americans killed many  civilians in iraq  israel killed many  innocent palestinians  and reason givent is tha terrorist hide with civilians  so they are fair targets.  do u see where terrorist in syria are hide  well with civilians . so why  we cry when civilians geting kill with terrorist

like the iraqi people wanted usa to invade iraq. rightttttt

peaceEmpires teaches people to""" think""" they reside OUTSIDE Kingdome of GOD

is it ok to praise Pres. Assad in yahoo?

Remember President Assad is  the elected leader of Syria. The rebels are Islamic Brotherhood and Al Qaeda extremists that are seeking a nation with Sharia law. If these rebels win women will be the first to pay.The World Health Organization states that 140 million girls between 5-10 years old have had their labia and clitoris cut off. The rebels hate the USA and west in general. Western nations should stay away from this Muslim mess.Who cares! These m]o]r]o]n]s are bad no matter which side you read about! Let them kill each other off...PLEASE! A good rag head, is a dead rag head!

Cluster bombs???? Only thing ""made in America"" anymore--supplied to Israel and shipped to Syria!!!

peaceAnti Wisedomehood would be shredding CIVIL money notes and demanding people to LIVE without enough CIVIL money notes PAYS DEBTS of society

War and inhumane who'da thunk that? If they want to have their civil war let them. Sell both weapons and food and deal with the winner.  What if the French or English took sides during our civil war.  yes the world can look the other way....Let the country's people decide their own destiny

Stupid people, even if all the groups fighting in the rebellion overthrow Assad, then what's going to happen?? More fighting and fighting with continue with the different groups fighting for control. Idiot French, think about that before arming these terrorists...

More small arms for the rebels, more spares and munitions for Assad.  Just don't give them anything strategic.  The people who are dying are the problem.  You cannot see the forest for the trees; this is nature’s way of culling stagnant societies.  These Arab tribes would have been assimilated long ago if not for Western interference.  Leave them alone, or just give them small arms to hurry up the process.  In the end, Syria will be a depleted, war-weary nation that will develop peaceful characteristics as it rebuilds.  I say one more year of fighting is needed.

news flash...the US is not a signatory to the cluster munition ban either. We have a self-imposed non-binding department of defense policy that comes into effect on 1 Jan 2019 that prohibits our use of cluster munitions with a dud-rate of greater than 1%.

Deducing from the comments of the feeble minded  morons, it is safe to assume, that the hypo-pigmented Eurasian trash A.K.A. white trash, have abandoned all the pretenses to be a torch bearer for the so called humanistic conscience of the world. Actually, it is a fresh start from the previous highly unfounded posturing. Now we can begin a realistic conversation about the nature of the so called international community and all the countries that consider themselves to be the light to the nations of the world. The biggest of them and the most hypocritical is U.S. of A.,followed by lesser " powers, like the #$%$, the Russky's, the Euro- trash.

WELCOME boys and girls!!! UCA (USA)  NATO use cluster bombs all over serbian theritory in 1999..uranium and where  were you that?? Human right??? Are you joking?

RUSSIA &amp; THE WEST LOOKS FOR A "SAVE SYRIA" DEAL IN DAMASCUS BUT PERHAPS THEY SHOULD LOOK TO LATAKIA.  This could be a great benefit for Alawites andrebels but not so good for militant jihadis on one side and hard-line war criminals on the other side since the goals of both depend on a prolonged war.The jihadi numbers and influence grows with each extra day this war lasts and with every bomb and shelling Assad launches.  That's not good for Alawites or moderate rebels.   The other beneficiaries are Assad, Maher and Malouf  who could have prevented this entire conflict by agreeing to demands for democracy and human rights when it all bega.  They've promoted the "Rebels are all Al Queda line" so they get to stay alive and free for a few days or months longer at the expense of everyone else.For details on Latakia developments see the today's Syria Live roundup at Enduring America. In this instance most of the good stuff has been provided by readers in subposts since the moderators have other duties today.   One regular poster has actually been in Darayaa recently and witnessed a major defection.   Today's defection of three top regime officials--described in another post--could encourage the deal as well as other defections.You'll also learn of interesting and ongoing military developments, which keep getting updated.   Thanks, Red TornadoesSyrians need to do whatever they need to in order to stay free of the Zionist-Wahabi-salafist-Al-Qaida death squads. We may be in the same situation here in the US with Israeli agents creating terrorist attacks like 9/11.

In union wars jackrocks and home made bombs are used against each other

I see many of you applauding blowing up women and children on a massive scale. Not surprised. The US did that in Iraq and you applauded then too. Assad and Bush on the same level.

That ought to teach those pesky rebels.

You didn't tell us that all U.S. Nato, and Israeli backed wars, including Syria, Libya, Bosnia and the Palestine fiasco, DU, depleted uranium, is used on its bigger ammo, look it up on the internet and get all the gory details.

The civil war entered the third year...How easy was for Hillary, Obama,with their speaches to Muslims,, NATO and UN,,the group of occupy protesters , and next killing Cadafy...But now they have a mess created....Refugees in the million....Destruction,,, Lack of food,,medications,,,insecurity,, and killers coming from nowere .. Show the millions to fix Syria now. Care for refugees,,ect... Continue calling for revolts and""democracy"'...

The "rebels", who are actually terrorists, can stop tomorrow and the cluster bombs would end.

AP shut your ling press off you commie liberal nazi trash! they are muslim #$%$ who will kill anyone if they go from there muslim ways!! nuke this chit hole and be done with it!! they are full of hate just like the AP

Arab Spring just keeps on springing.

Eve of destruction.So what?  Cluster bombs work well on #$%$.  But then, they're nondiscriminating.

USERS OF CLUSTER MUNITIONS19 countries have used cluster munitions:Colombia, Eritrea, Ethiopia, France, Georgia, Iraq, Israel, Libya, Morocco, The Netherlands, Nigeria, Russia, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Former Yugoslavia (Serbia), Sudan, Thailand, United Kingdom, United States

At least they are fighting terrorismIsraeli uses these bombs on Palestinian woman and children at night while they are asleep.

The Koran doesn't have an eternal origin, as Mullah's claim. It's writings are human in origin, a concoction of old and new teachings originating from a false prophet.

Islamic law is totalitarian in nature. There is no separation of church and state. It is not rational.

peaceUtopia Empires devours foreign money accounts at Foreign money excahnge rate of PURE FRAUDULANT TERMS,,,,,,,,,,,,,Then blames those foreign crown rulers,,,while Empires knew money BUILT Stability

Kick a Jihad into a pool of dead pigs.

SARIN SARIN SARIN

aljazeera- featured syrian rebel with his newfound wifethe lady is so prettybut they still had time for small romance.

Gas the jews assad!they could use whatever necessary to defend their home land from aggressors and mercenaries trying to destabilize their homeland. We did same thing in wwII and Vietnam war why they shouldnot

134,000 iraqi civilians died as a result of the illegal invasion by the us. every rule of engagement under the sun was dismissed by the us invasion of a sovereign country. the us has no moral high ground. they export cemetaries.

When are we going to kill this dog ASSAD. Will someone please put a bullet in this guys head!! He is a Hitler, his Mohammad is a #$%$ DOG and this SOB and his entire family needs to be KILLED all of them!! Please, Please I would kill this SOB but I'm 7000 miles away. Someone KILL HIM and his entire DOG family

peaceKIll and Conquer and LOOT routine of COUP de TAP crown RULERS THEMES

so we fight terrorist in America, yet we support them! what do you expect from Assad? leaving these terrorist blowing their selves up and through roses at them? the Syrian crisis can be  solved if our government, the U.S government stop supporting these terrorist. I have talked to 3 Syrian Americans that want these terrorists out. This is a nasty political war, its not a revolution by any mean. Reminded me of Bush. when he pointed fingers at Iraq saying they have weapons of mass destruction and put us in debt that we are still living. Kill the terrorists all over the world. let us live in peace.

Please forgive us and them who do not care about poor Syrian people. It is non of our business? Shame on global ledadership including the US, the EU, China, Tussia and Japan!

Hopefully Bashar will wipe out these trash from his country. It's a shame that the U.S. government is supporting these terrorists. They seem to have forgotten about September 11, U.S. embassy bombings, and the killing of hundreds of soldiers in Iraq. Remember the beheading and IED's on the military personnel? Bashar is perceived as a criminal because he doesn't want his country to be like Iraq. Unlike the U.S. government, who are welcoming these trash into this wonderful country, which one day they will stand together and start turning beautiful cities into rubble.

ARE  THEY USE  KIDS FOR  POLITICAL GAME?

I feel bad for civilians ....Rebels and Assad Army have the same goal...To kill...

Only a criminal mafia regime would use cluster bombs against it's own people.BEST IDEA OF THE DAY,,,,how about giving both sides POISON GAS, ,,,,OK boys get it on, now when the smoke clears and the smell gos away, give SYRIA to ISRAEL,,,,yeah,,,we can call Syria,,,,,,,,SYRIAL,,,,

good, Syria needs to bomb the FSA to kingdom come. The "rebels" are savages who only want to kill anyone who will not submit to their extreme Islamic ideas. These rebels that America is supporting are  terrorists to the extreme, killing civilans, raping 5 year old girls., hacking apart people who arent for their extreme Islam views.The US government has been lying to you all and the media as well. You all eat it up the BS as truth

peace666 of KKK of MIGHTY WHITEY

So, what?  You think the U.S. Government wouldn't use them against us if we rose up?

#$%$ on Israelis can use cluster bombs

I believe Assad has the right to use any weapons at his disposal if outside countries begin to arm the terrorists killing Syrian civilians.  Mustard gas would be a good start.

Long live President Assad

We're gonna keep the wars going it's our only profitable industry.

The USA will regret not killing Assad long time ago !! Iran, hizbollah and the alawits terrorists are the real threats to the whole world !!

President Assad is doing good as true patriot.he is upholding the independence of Syria.It is better for Syria ruled by true Syrian rather than ruled by puppets of foreign powers.Let all the 27 nation leaders uphold their power to stop warmongering powers."Freedom Syria"? More like Muslim caliphate.

Assad regime will likely' collapse 'in a few weeks.

This crisis is so easy to solve Stewie from family guy can do it. Stop the Rebels and terrorist and fight will end,DUH!

As I look back into the past, I realize that George W. Bush did the right thing by invading Iraq. SO MANY EXTREMISTS WERE KILLED.

And which nation has left tens of thousands of unexploded cluster bombs in Lebanon? Yes. Israel. But that was from an invasion. Syria has every right to protect its citizens from terrorism orchestrated from Tel Aviv.

Is that kidie, Jimmy Chance, when he was young?

Where was Yahoo when America drops cluster bombs on civilians?!? Iraq, Afganistan,Yugoslavia ...

Whoever invented cluster bombs should have been forced to eat them.

Most countries have banned cluster bombs, yes. But the US has not. Hypocrites.

Let the International Human Rights Group prove that Syria used cluster bombs. Where are the pictures.  At least when the jews used cluster bombs we saw pictures. And please don't burn a few children and take pictures to prove it.Drop cruise missle cluster bomb on Assad.

Islam has no place in society.

It s not a surprise. Despots can go any length in their pursuit of power. It is high time the world comes together and fashion out a lasting solution to this humanitarian crisis created, orchestrated and sustained by the despotic Assad, urged on by Russia, China and Iran. For the umpteenth time, I reiterate that Russia should shed the toga of 'big for nothing' and assume some good deal of responsibility befitting of its status as a major world power.

Burn in hell you J-e-W-$...

Yes that Syrian child is such a terrorist......

A potential deal between Latakia Alawites and moderate rebels could save Alawites along the coast, hasten Assad's fall in Damascus and thwart jihadi extremists.  Today's defection of three very high figures suggest another good reason for Alawites in Latakia to deal.  Assad's scheme for a coastal enclave centered on Latakia won't save the regime but, if implemented, will turn Latakia into Berlin 1945, cost many lives on both sides, and benetit Islamist jihadis enormously.For that analysis and some late military developments see the Syria News section of today's Enduring America.  The moderators who write the roundup have other duties today so regular posters have been asked to do updates and analysis throughout the day.  There's plenty happening, including other military developments.  (From Red Tornadoes).

THREE HUGE DEFECTIONS IN ONE DAY SHOULD UNNERVE ASSAD.  They come after a few months in which defections were limited to lower level troops only.   When crews begin jumping ship at this rate, it's a sure sign of impending disaster.Defector #1: General Mohamed Nur Izz al-Din khallouf Chief of logistics in the Syrian army--a potential rich source of information since he'd know details manpower shortages, what is stored in Assad's warehouses, etc.Defector #2: Bothayna Shaaban, Assad’s political and information advisor fled to Dubai via Beirut. Her defection was not yet confirmed however, she was seen in Beirut International Airport boarding a plane heading to Dubai.Defector #3: The defection of  Brigadier General Muhammad Khallouf n his son in Daryaa was actually filmed by Alex, one of the subposters at Enduring America.

:-O is that as dangerous as the Uranium Contaminated Bombs ( Dirty Bombs ) that usa used in Iraq?and is that as dangerous as Phosphoric Bombs that Zionists used in Ghazza Region ?More over the Pity Al Qaeda Rebels need more attention and funds from west and Saudi....Human right is in danger if the cluster bombs have same affect and Dirty Bombs

From Russia w/ love.........

Get rid of all jihadist terroristsRiver January, 9 hrs agoYou going first ya khanazeer !!The USA and England will supply thev Syrian natives the rebles with the state arts weapons , go. Rebles fumigate this alawit hizbollah and the pork chops terrorists in Syria, don't take any hostages !!  Ya Syrian massihi el kalab traitors

Go get'em Assad ...... Clean out those terrorists....... USA, Britain, France OUT of Syria..Ignorance Is Strength, 52 mins agoF terrorist alawit hizbollah Iranian khomini beech

Get rid of all jihadist terroristsRiver January, 5 mins agoWipe out all Copts terrorists , problem solved !

How I would end the fighting, I would put together a brigade of mercenaries to take out the leadership of Syria.   There are many out there willing to fight for a ton of money!!!

To those Syrian khanazeers pork chops lovers traitors , your days are o v e r  in Syria as the Syrian rebles said "

Syrian Army Rape Women and Children every day, they torture men to death too...I don't feel sorry when the Revolutionary Rebels in turn Kill them Brutally!!

Well, The International Community did not act enough to destroy assad's regime that's why Assad is doing what he can ,and many Children and parents died. Where is America and the UN?

Of course, Assad’s mafia gang and Hazbuallah are in a critical bottle neck, as they are criminals, they will use all cluster bombs, Russian Scuds, ..etc. They are not care about humanity, they are criminal. This War Criminal Action is supporting by Russia, Iran and Chain. All of them shall be punishing soon for this sever criminal act.

Assad will die soon. This mtf already deserved that.

This is just one hateful group of Islamist against another hateful group of Islamist. The last thing we want to do is interfere. Be thankful they love each other so much....because after they are through blowing children to pieces they will come after the Jews, and then they will come after Europe. Nothing will stop them because their religion brainwashes them into thinking they alone protect the morality of God...that's why they destroy anything that moves~ they are fixated to hate-kill-hate-kill-hate-kill-hate-kill...is there ever an end to this.THE WORLD IS SICK AND #$%$ TIRED OF ISLAM!Viva Jihadists, Viva Al Qaeda Rebels, Viva usa

The bloodthirsty and arrogant monster..for how long more will he last??

2 seperate verses repeat in the first 41 verses, 31102 verses in scripture. Numeric Proof of the Scriptures with a daily teaching... Judgment USA 3/22/2013