Liberalism at it's finest displayed in this one quote."The administration doesn't consider an extension of a tax about to expire to be a tax increase or a new tax."When you promise something is temporary, then say it is not, it is a lie, except to a liberal.

Ha! No such thing as a temporary tax!  You got punked!

Tax, Tax, Tax, Borrow, Borrow, Borrow, Spend, Spend, Spend.

Xtent and Confucius both say “there’s nothing so permanent as temporary”.....

Nothing is temporary when a government gets it's foot in the door, they just pile it on

It's still temporary, it's just being extended indefinitely! lol

Yes, that's right..he want's your guns and money.  I would be more comfortable being mugged by a street thug..at least you know what you're getting.  Please vote this guy out next time!!!

Obviously, stupidity runs rampant in the state of NY. First NY votes in Cuomo, then vote for Obama for POTUS, then NYC residents votes for Bloomberg who has mental issues and then votes for another headcase senator or representative, can't remember the name, I think Schummer, but anyway stay there America does not want you.

New Yorkers Move

Yeah okay, since when has any tax ever been temporary!Your SS# is only to be used for identifying you as a taxpayer.  (1935)Gasoline tax is a short term necessity to rebuild roads.  (1961)Read my lips-NO NEW TAXES ( 1988)This year we will cut spending, balance the budget and lower taxes ( about every 4 years)RIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Any TEMPORARY tax should automatically be tied to IMPRISONMENT for the governor that signs it into law, if the tax is not eliminated within the agreed time frame.As long as the people have to deal with the tax (after the agreed upon time frame), the governor should sit in prison.

I am taking as much business out of NY as possible until they get rid of the SAFE act.  I figure that hitting them in the wallet is a way to get back at them.

Elect more democrats---It's a cut, it's a cut....it just costs you more that's all,.... but it's still a cut

A "Temporary Tax' by Leftists??  - FOOLED YOU...lol!!

I love this. I'm really curious how much these Liberal sheep in New York City will take before they start complaining and squirming a little. Mr. Bloomberg's Marxist regime is a preview of what Obama would love to do if he thought he could get away with it today. New York and California are just a few of the places where this kind of insanity is possible, for now. Unless something happens, I believe that the entire United States will look like New York or worse in a year or two.

Cuomo will do anything to funk the people of New York.

Ahhh a democrats dream……..More Taxes. Keep it up NY, stay away from my state.

Surprise guys, Cuomo and the DEMONcrats lied. Why should anybody be surprised?

Why not just raise taxes to 100 percent on everyone? I mean, if more taxes will solve more problems, then handing your entire paycheck over to the government should solve all the problems. Hey, they know the best ways to spend our money, after all. I trust the government completely. They work so hard, and do such a good job. Yayyyyy, more gov'ment for me