This is why we shouldn't be invading other countries to liberate them.....it's up to them to liberate themselves...

I wonder how many officers and soldiers want to defect but can't?  Assad is still getting plenty of troops from Iran and Hezbollah though...so this war is still far from over!

Welcome Muslim Brotherhood/Al Qaeda!  Saudi Arabia--YOU are next!

I honestly am confused are the rebels Alqueda ?

Muslims hate each other they kill each other all the time the Sunni's hate the Shities and vice-versa and all together they hate everybody precious aren't they?!!!!

Nothing good could possibly come from us helping them. Let them fight.

Just another case of "who cares!"

as much as i do feel for the syrian's, we need to stay out.  we are not the world police.  we had our civil war a long time ago, let them get thru theirs.

If this is what Muslims do to each other, imagine what they would do to you and me.

The iranian's are there bolstering assad's forces and they are bringing in member's of hamas...this will never end. They will continue to kill each other for year's to come !When you have to keep your troops from deserting to the opposition by restricting them to bases, the handwriting is pretty much on the wall; this is not going to be a pretty peace when the time comes; faction vs faction again. Why are we there, somebody tell me.

who are you calling keemosabee?

im glad none of the nations around the world who receive our welfare will be affected by the sequester... not

And you believe the "activists"?Funny,you don't give credibility to anything the regime says  but you print the propaganda of the "activists".These "activitists",as you call them,may just be taliban or other radicals ready to depose the regime in power now;you have no clue.No factual information,just a lot of speculation and propaganda...hardly the kind of information to build a news story on.

Assad is a terrorist.

Great, a few more to support over nothing

Swap sides as many times as it takes to be on the winning side after the final shot.

Syria did not sign the Convention on Cluster Munitions (CCM), nor did Russia, China, Iran or the U.S. for that matter.

The regime will die when the military goes.

i like the world wide jewish controlled media---they brainwashed you every day,into a mf zombie idiot---In an interview broadcast on German television on February 20, Syrian President hero Bashar al-Assad said that the government did not start the conflict and the terrorists al CIAda  groups were the ones killing Syrian citizens and destroying the country’s infrastructure.Anybody know what model tank that is? Just wondered where Assad got it.

When some of your top people start to defect, it is the beginning of the end.  Soon, bye bye ASSad.

I would not trust such  military men wherever they are.

Just another example of how the "greatness" of the Arab spring is being forced down the throats of the American people. Wake up people, their true nature is showing in Libya and Egypt.

Basically this Liberal backed murder. As soon as one decided to arm one side, speak for one side, any body who disagrees deserves to die. Syria is like Bosnia, it has more than two sides, and at the end people will die, we will be tricked to attack one side, pay Europe to do nothing like in the Balkans.

The muslim brotherhood and islam is growing stronger thanks to external interference. Wait until the world sees what it brings upon itself.

The United States dropped something like 100 million cluster munitions on Laos and Cambodia during the Vietnam War. They are still exploding every time a child hits one while hoeing in the rice paddies. Just wanted to point that out.

Ty will fight until the end of times. So much hatred against each other. I guess their moon god allah is the god of hatred and murder and rape

Reuters - the official news agency of the FSA NATO merc army.

it's what arab men do best-Surrender!I wonder how many generals will defect after dear leader orders marshal law and considers the second ammendment obsolete?

The Syrian government has been "weeks away from collapse" for over a year now. If US propaganda wasn't complete B$, he'd be gone by now wouldn't he?

Seriously the proposals by France to send arms to Syria is a very bad idea and a very dumb one for that matter, why do we forget so soon, the rest of the arms that was used in Libya was diverted to Mali and Boko Haram Nigeria. Why does EU want to arm terrorists groups who will later in the day turn the same arms against her citizens in the middle East and innocient Americans.

Now Reuters' sources include random "activists" within the Free Syrian Army (the Syrian branch of Al Qaeda). Very reassuring and credible.

And the jjeewwz newz propaganda mill thrashes and crashes on.Long live the threatened and robbed true president ron paul.Death to a monster vampire:  our aipac jjeeww regime and its puppets.

Hardly enough to make a difference.

It will be nice to see this conflict finally end.  Let them rebuild on their own.  I know the whole region will be better without Assad.  Lebanon will finally have peace because the supply rout for Hezbollah will diminish.  And Iraq and Russia will have one less friend in the area.

No modern arms for either side, they can use sticks and rocks.

Any war is a sad war for civilians who just want to survive.  Syrians military loses 40 soldiers by death and 160 wounded each day.  Then top it off with defections and the Army is slowly disappearing.  In the beginning Assad sent an estimated 70,000 to fight the rebels and those were loyalist to Assad. They were defeated and over 10,000 defected.  So Syria's 220,000 strong military has been cut by more than half after 2 years.  That's why they are using cluster bombs which has been banned.  Would the report of defections been written about if not for the General being the main topic?  Probably not!  So how many are sick and tired of killing their friends and family's?  I'm hoping one main body defects and opens up an area the rebels can run through right to Assad!

I was not convinced at the number of Americans who hated Muslims but from the number of posts these days I have changed my mind. Hating people because of one's religion is wrong and only breeds more hate. Aside from the Muslims I am wondering which other religions American hate? I am a Christian and wondered if Americans hate us too?I don't care much for any of those people over there, none of them! They flat #$%$ don't make any sense. Their minds don't compute. We should know by now you can't deal with crazy people...kinda like tying to talk to a practicing drug addict or alcoholic. By the way, (ignorance on my part) ...whose side of syrians are we supposed to be on... if I did care?

They said that about Libya too... while the US was selling them Intel and killing world leaders which is illegal... Nobody is going to defect to go to the losing side.. you are being brain fked and the US is covering up another assassination of a world leader.

More stupid yahoo propaganda "news".Headlines: TWENTY SOLDIERS DEFECT, THE WAR IS ALMOST OVER

My fiance is one of many American Soldiers in Syria and I don't know why. I mean those people have been killing eachother since the beginning of time and I love our military but its their fight and nothing we do will ever change that. The second our troops leave they go right back to killing eachother so why go there to begin with

US operation Arab Spring destroying ONE country at a time.Syria nowLibya lastIran nextFinished off, ONE at a time, Tunisia, Algeria, Morocco, Yemen, Libya......Failed in Egypt (maybe)MISSION ACCOMPLISHEDThe Great Satan bringing Pain, Misery, Destruction, Death, Hate and EVIL to MILLIONS of innocent people for Generations to come.

USA pays Syrian terrorist traitors much more more than the legal Syrian government !! How many hundreds of thousands of USA dollars did the General receive as a bonus  ??

Nice to see a Soviet T-72 M burning regardless.

We call it getting out of Dodge.

I hope we don't put even one US soldier over there.  Americans can't turn their backs on any rag-head, and every one of their countries wants to drag the US into their conflicts so they can kill a few of us and then get their countries rebuilt by the American taxpayers. Stay out of it !  70,000 of them killed by their own people is not nearly enough.

Russia, China and Iran are not going to like this. More Weapons and assist on the way for the Butcher of Syria,  courtesy of the new axis of evil.Syria is fighting the War on Terror against the same Sunni wahabbi Al-CIAda terrrorists as our troops are fighting in Iraq, and Afghanistan, and who they said did 9/11

if you kill for  AIPAC 7 billions---is very ok------if you bit up one pro -----the whole media will jump on you------is the mf NWO way

Notice -We have been hearing of top defects from Assad top right hand to top commanders for over a year. We hear hype of Assads regime will be falling any-day ((for over a year)).Notice most of the news out side mainstream shows the rebels committing most of the terrorist acts and using desperate measures including kidnapping UN workers and openly killing civilians not to mention a major beautiful reporter who was kidnapped just made a heroes escape..everyone covering it but us..not a peepWhy cause we are backing terrorist and the people don’t want these rebels the majority want Assad.This is the same thing they did in Libya look at Libya before and after..everything worse and war still goes on (the only thing safe is oil and water supply.((thats facts folks not conspiracy. Here is what you’re dealing with. When the our Goverments bosses  decide to over throw a country or goverment. They must give the press edge to the group they need to sway.They need the general public to believe that Assad has lost control,his people don’t want him,he's doing all the crime,his generals .This is all to justify our support and interference so we feel ad ease.The rebels did not have the majority of Libya support and would never have defeated Gadaffi,We defeated Gadaffi and destroyed his country and help the rebels capture him. We lied and broke laws to do this.Russia and China and the world stsge want let us get a pass so easy this time,so Syria' is allot harder.

A divided house cannot stand. If keeping them on base to prevent them from escaping is what keeps his war machine going, then they need to rebel against him.

Assad is a strong man,whether he loses or wins... His fight isn't against rebels but against world powers... But still all these are vanity

and why do we do nothing?

In 2007 alone, Lebanon lost an estimated $126.8 million in agricultural revenue because of cluster munitions. Israel's use of the weapon in ...Nov 20, 2012 – As Israel continues to pound the Gaza Strip, and factions within the beleaguered territory retaliate as best ... 1000s of prohibited cluster bombs ...Phosphorous and cluster bombs heavily used; unexploded munitions litter wide ... rounds on their way to artillery crews in the north of Israel...Israel is committing war crimes using USA made cluster bombs ..

aka Benedict Arnold Khalouf... same kind of ruling structure in Syris as Hussein's Iraq where a tyrannical dictator of a religious minority brutally dominates a country's politics and governance.  So the religious majority revolt.  I'd be willing to bet you'll see a religious theocracy unfold there similar to what is happening in Egypt.  The shame of it is sharia law is every bit as brutal as Assad, so 100,ooo will die to live the same only different.

The IISS said that perhaps 50,000 of the Syrian army's elite troops could be depended on for loyalty. Most of them were likely to be from Assad's minority Alawite sect, which has dominated the country for more than four decades.

Defected general and soldiers must be Sunni MohammedansMy daily Syria in ruins headline fix, ahhh. Now, crank up the fighting, one or two buildings still standing.

Killed 70,000...Same As Mexico.hmmm,Right Next to the US

bashar no way for u except the painful death

Assad the benevolent murderer. The cluster bomb is his latest gift to his own people that will continue killing children long after Assad is gone. He's one sick puppy, just like his father was before him.

wow.  20 soldiers.  that will make a difference.

Any defections at this point, is only because they fear they're on the losing side. Not because they object to the way Assad and his regime has ruled!

Listen up Gun Control idiots...Syria is expanding its relentless use of cluster munitions, a banned weapon, and civilians are paying the price with their lives and limbs," said Steve Goose of Human Rights Watch.Sheople of America which would you want to take back your country from blood sucking ...politicians...a BB gun or a banned assult weapon..................................

"Syria is expanding its relentless use of cluster munitions, a banned weapon,and civilians are paying the price with their lives and limbs," said Steve Gooseof Human Rights Watch. What is good weapon and what is a bad one ? Steve,please tell me , I am very curious since i do not know the difference. Choppingthe Hands and Legs of a captured soldier alive by the rebels is human accordingto your Human Rights Watch.

Syrian rebels are Alqauda, as far as I see it, when they capture prisoners, those prisoners will be killed by the rebels, those rebels have no mercy.

LATE already to defect by syrian general.So?

China had the chance to vote to end the atrocities in Syria last summer. China did nothing to help the Syrian people. China is a terrible country.

Stay outta Syria.  Sure, the Syrians have been gettin' screwed (and killed) by the nut-case Assads, but what're we gonna do, supply the rebels with guns and dough that'll all go to the Muslim Brotherhood when Assad falls (hopefully in the gallows)?  The Brotherhood's in charge in Egypt and we're dumping millions into that rat-hole country that hates us.  Freedom is like respect;  you don't get what you deserve, you get what you DEMAND.  I'm in New Jersey, the "Crossroads of the Revolution" where in 1776 the Continental Army, after a calamitous defeat in the Battle of New York marched toward Pennsylvania to stage the Christmas Day Battle of Trenton.  Most of the American troops had no shoes as they marched along on the frozen December ground, their bloodied feet leaving a crimson trail as they plodded along.  When Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, or whoever shows that kind of determination, maybe they too will taste true freedom. If these people don't have the cajones to shed their own blood, don't ask us Americans to shed ours.

Man Assad followers, your arguments just keep getting schitt on. And Doug that was in the 60-70's, and werent banned. Now they are, and Assad continues using them, killing hoardes of civilians at a time. So your post is worthless, pointing out no fact, just pointing to the PAST. I retract my statement that Assad wont be in power in December, he wont make it through July.

T-72 with reactive armor guess it did not react.

To be human is a gift.....it costs nothing! But a guy thinks of maintaining himself in power at the expense of killing innocent people.....indeed his reward awaits him....he will pay for it a hundredfold!

Fight all these people they're impostors

God Bless these defectors who chose god over evil....I want all the Assad supporters to continue to follow these steps as it will end the civil war and free all of the people of syria, Alawite, Shia, Sunni, Druzes, Christians. A better life awaits all of the people in Syria, they just need to continue to unite and believe in god....as god will take care of the killer Assad regime and his gangs!

kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj

bebebeMany of the so-called good guys are simply Muslim extremists calling themselves liberators. They're accused of committing murders and then blaming the Syrian army for the murders. I wonder how many of these characters aren't even Syrian. The U.S. should not get involved in this mess.

Middle East is all as a result of father Abraham's impatient. Lets learn something unique from it.

There is no solution for power over power, and if so it's only temporary! All this hatred, killing, and suffering is against "Universal Law," and our souls responsibility; the most powerful leader is one that makes world peace. We are being inhumane to children and humanity; this must stop before it's too late. There is something much more powerful beyond just "US" otherwise we wouldn't be here.

Then by all means Mark Diamond go to Syria and fight them, the comment section will be much better off without the drivel you regularly post on here anyways.

in Afghanistan we train Al Queda then we sent them to Libya where we stole all the gold and oil, and then we sent Al Queda (from Bengazi) with everything they need to Syria and they're almost finished there. We are destabilizing the region around Isreal (Egypt,Syria) to bring on WW3. According to the Bible, Armageddon which refers to the northern city in Isreal, which is close to Syria is where the battle is to begin.

Ahhhh good maybe we'll get some good intelligence and Obama's Arab spring will END.

I hope this doesn't affect their bread industry and cause a shortage of Syrian bread. That stuff makes great sandwiches.

Dave, it is "martial", and you are out to lunch.

Neither side in the Syrian conflict is worth dying for.  Who in their right mind wants to die for a Alawite dictator; likewise, who wants to die for the Sunni opposition that will appoint an Islamic dictator if they overthrow the government.

Lee, take your meds. You have become disregulated.Thing is if we get involved our troops will be getting shot at by both sides just so they will blame the other side for doint it..that is the dirty side of getting involved in some other people civil war.

So some people do value life over there even if it is their own.

This is just another mess from Hillary and Obama let get out of control.Failed!!

Syria is fighting the War on Terror against the same Sunni wahabbi Al-CIAda terrrorists as our troops are fighting in Iraq, and Afghanistan, and who they said did 9/1

The tank in the background is a soviet T-90..he must have purchased it from Russia and their large cold war stock

A traitor!! I wonder how Million he got to defect!!

Another traitor who got paid by Saudi Arabia and Qatar to defect. It won't make a dent to Assad or the Syrian army.

The only way this thing is going to end is when we arm the rebels, that's the only way out of it. Hopefully it won't turn into another Iraq, but it is going to have to be done at some point.

Islam will rise to establish justice as it did in the past when they were good Muslims.  This is the price Muslims will pay to reach their glorious days again.  Dreaming of Jews, Christians and Muslims coexisting can come true but Muslims must be true to their own faith first

The US  cannot even afford to cut grass of walk ways in its suburbs, homeless rate skyrocketing, jobless skyrocketing, murder rate skyrocketing... i mean come on AMERICA YOU CAN BE BETTER, spend the cash on your own people, and stop being corrupt.Instead of sending the rebels millions of dollars in weapons why don't we just sit back and watch these terrorist POSs kill each other.  Problem solved!  What has 12 years of war and untold billions of dollars gotten us in the Mideast...Nothing

I am an American and in the MILITARY!  Your an  IDIOT to think that we don't have troops EVERYWHERE!

I don't any place for them in my room maybe the money that US collected can be used to resettle them.

bibibibibi

some of dem is gud while some of hv no diff 4rm devil

gays engaged in war ?

let them all turn gay and the war will end

Yes we place such a high value on loyalty in the US but expect Muslims to skip out.

I am an American and in the MILITARY!  Your an  IDIOT to think that we don't have troops EVERYWHERE! Just because YOU don't know what your talking about doesn't mean its not true! I put him and his troops on a plane and I was briefed along with 80 other wives so unless you were there grow up and figure out we are EVERYWHERE! Your nieve if you think otherwise!

if you kill for AIPAC 7 billions---is very ok------if you bit up one pro -----the whole media will jump on you------is the mf NWO wayLee, 4 hrs agoWhy are you attacking Jews and aipac for ? I mean I don't like aipac my self but don't you think the Jews didn't kill 100.000 arab unlike your alawit hizbollah Iranian terrorists Assad killed allready more than 100.000 Syrians !!! Assad will be killed like a dirty swine on the hands of the Syrian rebles , end of story !!Fabrication and lies!!!

@R...and how is either a BB gun or an assault rifle suppose to help against cluster bombs, tanks, or ICBM's???Face it nothing you stockpile in your house can stop the government if it really wanted to take you out, it's a logical fallacy to think otherwise.

Both sides are working for the devil. Is one side better than the other ? Of course not .

The Assad regimen is crambling.  A brutal regimen murdering its own people cannot last long.

The fate of Assad is inevitable! He will end like Sadam and Khadafy. Imagining what will possibly happen to his wife makes me shiver.

Typical Syrian soldier. Too cowardly to make a coup that could have ended this war here and now.

This is just the beginning of the end &amp; I don't see a good outcome for the general public in Syria.

Since the establishment of Israel on May 14, 1948, for every Arab who has been killed by an Israeli ( many of them are NOT Jewish), AT LEAST two thousand have been killed by fellow Arabs! The Great Arab JEWS are the problem alibi is finally disappearing after nearly 65 years of non-stop lies and propaganda!

It's about time to try a multi media blitz to encourage additional defections with an emphasis on avoiding prosecution and patriotism in the rebirth of Syria.