Again, Mexico needs to Fix its self. Just because Mexico has high poverty does not mean its the US's fault.

Just Me, Richard...got three down nothing up except looking forward to you leaving our country with your buddies.

Does Aguilar have a driver's license, insurance on his 20 year old truck?  And why is it always "anti-immigrant" and not "pro-law" that we see and hear?

LISTED BELOW are several of the arguments that have been used by misguided people to try and justify illegal immigration. Next to each is the reason why that argument has no merit.1) They are an economic necessity - Not true. The idea that a bunch of desperately poor, uneducated, unskilled, non-English speaking foreigners are an economic necessity is ludicrous. In fact, when you compare cost vs. benefit, it is obvious that they are not only NOT a necessity, they are not even an asset. Rather, they are a liability and a huge one at that.2) They do work Americans won’t do - Not true. They do work Americans won’t do for $7 an hour (especially if Americans can collect welfare and unemployment instead). Of course, if you got rid of the illegals, the jobs wouldn’t pay $7 an hour. The people who wanted the work done would have to pay a wage that was attractive enough to get Americans to do the work. And it might even be enough to get Americans off the unemployment and welfare dole and back into the taxpaying workforce!3) We benefit from all that “cheap” labor - This is nonsense. The only people who benefit from the cheap labor are the unscrupulous people who hire illegal immigrants. Taxpayers are left holding the bag. Ultimately, it is they who must pay to support all the Americans who have been put out of work by illegals and must also provide billions of dollars in services and benefits to the illegals themselves.4) They are just trying to make better lives - Aren’t we all? The difference is that most of us understand that we DO NOT have a right to acquire by illegal means those things that we find difficult to acquire by legal means. And we certainly don’t have the right to do it in a foreign country.5) It is impossible to round up and deport the illegals - We don’t have to. All we have to do is remove the incentives that brought them here in the first place. No jobs. No housing. No taxpayer financed services or benefits (including education). Once we remove the incentives that brought them here, they will leave on their own.6) Immigration control is racist / xenophobic - This is just another play of the race card by people who have no other cards to play. Immigration control is the world-wide status quo. There is nothing racist about it. Furthermore, the USA welcomes LEGAL immigrants of all races and ethnicities from all over the world who have gone through the legal immigration process. This is not just a bad argument, it is an attempt to create racial hatred and division.7) We are a nation of immigrants - This is the “BIG LIE”. The vast majority of Americans are native-born. I am not an immigrant. Nor were my parents. Nor were my grandparents. We are a nation that has, historically, allowed and even encouraged LEGAL immigration. And we continue to do so. The issue at hand is illegal immigration, which has nothing to do with legal immigration.8) They are people. We must treat them humanely - Yes &amp; yes. But lets not pretend like they are victims who were dragged here kicking and screaming against their will. Nothing could be further from the truth. They came of their own free will and for their own benefit and they broke the law to do it. PEOPLE SHOULD NOT BE REWARDED FOR BREAKING LAWS AND COMMITTING CRIMES. SENDING THEM HOME IS THE RIGHT THING TO DO. There is nothing “draconian” or “mean-spirited” about it.9) It is wrong to break up families- Yes. Unfortunately, families are often broken up by criminal activity. If you don’t believe it, just drop by any prison or jail on visiting day. We can’t keep families together if some family members choose to participate in criminal activity.10) They work &amp; contribute to our society - So do I. And if I break the law and commit crimes, I can expect to pay a penalty of some kind. Anything from a small fine to the death penalty. I do not receive a reward. WHY SHOULD WE TREAT FOREIGN CRIMINALS BETTER THAN OUR OWN CITIZENS?

Ok, he is here illegally, HOW did he get insurance and tags for his pu???And yes they do take jobs from legal citizens because they will work for ess than mim wage where a citizen will not!!

Jose is filing a tax return because it's the right thing to do in his words? I believe it is more like he files a tax return under a temporary tax identification so he can receive a generous refund. The ILLEGALS fill our schools and overwhelm our hospitals here in South Texas and what is really bad these are young people useing medicaid to have children and many are drawing Social Security funds claiming to be disabled.

I like the way the government keeps telling us their are only 11 million of them...Yet, I live in a town of less than 15.000, and we can't turn around with out tripping over a mexican!

Been here 10 years and doesn't speak English. Sorry, but I am one of majority of Americans who believe crime should not pay. I worked in a non-border Texas hospital whose obstetric dept was overwhelmingly filled with Spanish speaking only people who came to have an anchor baby. A terrible financial drain on border states, in addition to increased crime, school systems required to have dual Spanish and English classes which leads to high drop out rates because students never become fluent in English. What other country would allow this to happen?

Does not matter why he came here. Fact is he is here illegally. Period. The illegals are not needed, not wanted and all without exception should be sent packing. They come here illegally and should not be rewarded for their crimes with a path to citizenship.When I had my home built the contractor showed up with all illegals on his crew. First thing I did was call the Sheriff, not the INS. Our Sheriff has zero tolerance for illegals. The Sheriff showed up and arrested every single one of them and not for immigration crimes. They all produced false ID and that is a felony and not a INS problem. The contractor was given a very big fine, I fired him and found another who actually employed Americans and were not union.We do not need immigration reform. We need to enforce the one's we already have. These people who sneak into this country are not immigrants as immigrants come here legally. They are called Illegal Aliens. No that is not PC correct but that's just what they are and should be treated as such. Criminals.

They want to do background checks on American citizens to buy a gun...Which is our RIGHT. But it's okay to let millions of people who nobody knows who they are...What sickness they may carry...What crimes they have committed...How many children they have molested...THEY get a free pass...And our governments okay with that...I don't feel represented...Do you?

If these people are not here legally... send them the hell back wherever they came from... why is that hard to understand?....They need to change the sign on the Statue of Liberty to read: NO VACANCY.....

E-verify... No welfare...No Drivers license.... take away the incentives and we won't have an Illegal immigration problem

Yeah, because bringing even more poorly educated, non English speaking people in to compete for a shrinking number of jobs is a great idea......if you want a war.The United States was great while it lasted, but that is soon to be over.

WELFARE COSTS FOR CHILDREN OF ILLEGAL ALIENS EXCEEDS $646 MILLIONLA County Supervisor Mike Antonovich, 2/16/12THIS IS JUST IN ONE COUNTY IN CALIFORNIA!WELFARE COSTS FOR CHILDREN OF ILLEGAL ALIENS EXCEEDS $646 MILLIONLOS ANGELES COUNTY – Year-end closing 2011 figures from the Department of Public Social Services reported that over $646 million in welfare and food stamp benefits were issued to illegal alien parents for their native-born children, announced Supervisor Michael D. Antonovich.The $646.2 million consisted of $258 million in CalWORKs (welfare) and $388 million in Food Stamps) — a $21 million increase over the previous year.“With the $550 million for public safety and nearly $500 million for healthcare, the total cost for illegal immigrants to County taxpayers exceeds $1.6 billion dollars a year,” said Antonovich. “These costs do not include the hundreds of millions of dollars for education.”SUPPORT AND DONATE TO NUMBERSUSA.Google......NUMBERSUSA(Yahoo won't allow links).Numbersusa is a grassroot organization who lobbies in Washington D.C. against illegal immigration and they will show what YOU can do to help. Be sure to sign up for their e-mails that will let you know when the latest bills dealing with illegal immigration are being introduced and how YOU can make a difference! Support Numbersusa!

In the latter part of last year, Alabama passed a law that said students in the public schools would have to show proof of citizenship or be expelled. The Mexicans left AL by the hundreds. AL saw a rise in employment. The law caused the Mexicans to self deport from AL. Perhaps if all states did the same the results would be similar.

Children being supported by a parent that robbed a bank don't get to keep the money that was stolen when robber goes to prison.  Yet children of border crossers continue to benefit from their parents breaking the law.

If these illegals are so poor and desparate...............WHY do they have too many kids?I don't feel sorry for ignorance.

Illegals aren't immigrants, they are criminals. Criminals need deported, and their hoe countries billed for the cost.

"Americans who turned up each day at the Macehualli Day Labor Center, the only city-sanctioned work site in Phoenix, where they could make as much as $150 a day in construction, landscaping and removal work."Now, tell me again that illegals don't take away good jobs from Americans.

The fact that Hispanics want to run away from their homelands to come here lets you know what they will eventually do to this once great country, wonder where they will go to find a "better life" once they ruin the U.S.?Allow Arizona and the other Southern states to enforce the laws we have in place, deport ILLEGAL imigrants, secure our border. Problem is Washington is to worried about upsetting a potential voting group and will pander to them. Seems the group of people our Govt has forgotten is the working class tax paying American.

For Americans who are out of jobs and replaced by illegal immigrants who work for less pay and get free governmental benefits,immigration reform can't go away soon enough.

I have been to phoenix, this trash is making it a ghetto!

Excuse me....didn't you mean to say the CRIMINALS that had INVADED Arizona?

same political tap-dance every year...ever heard of "operation wet-back"...

Please send the bill to Mexico.  I bet that would stop illegal immigration.  Charge them for everyone that gets through and their kids.  Let the mexicans pay for them.

Dear ILEGALS,........................GO HOME!

Jose , has 6 children .  Who is supporting his kids ?  Who is paying to educate , provide healthcare , housing ,food stamps .? The American people .  As for taxes , how much does the goverment give for tax credits per child ?  $ 150 per day , not bad , tax free .  Does anyone think they will work &amp; pay taxes , when they can earn so much more by working off the books !  He has been here how long &amp; needed a translator ?   OUR politicians better wake the hell up .  Our politicians are sworn to protect the AMERICAN people NOT ILLEGAL INVADERS .  They OUR politicians have allowed this to happen to a once great country .   Shame on them .

For the more than 23 million Americans who can not find gainful employment, deportation of illegals can't come soon enough.

Did anyone notice the price tag for a national work ID? They're quoting $22 billion!!!   LOL!   We currently have approximately 143M people employed and another 12M unemployed.  All are considered part of the work force. That's 155M national work ID cards. Lets add another 10M illegal aliens seeking green cards and we have 165M ID cards.  That's $133 a card!  Are these hand carved?  Hasn't anyone heard of economies of scale? Clearly the government is presenting a ridiculous estimate so as to keep an open border.Of course it wasn't mentioned his vehicle had no insurance and most of his recycling cash came from stolen items in the surrounding area!!  Check out some of these day labor sites any where in the country!!!!  The trash and litter have to be cleaned-up daily by city crews--- not to mention the urine filled bottles and boxes of defication when port-a-pots aren't available!!! Those that get hired most often CASE the job and return later to steal anything of value!!!  CHEAP LABOR???  NOT SO!!!!  The U S A and it's CITIZENS deserve better than this!!! You might have to learn this truth the hard way when you become another of their VICTIMS in a vehicle accident or while your filing out a police report of valuables missing from your home!!

Is this not loitering?  What another law not being upheld?

they want to benefit..... . how many american families are struggling this minute?

Why will our leaders in DC not tell the Mexican president, we can't and won't take care ofyour people? The numbers of people from that country that eventually take from ourprograms, leaves us bankrupt. The outcome is more taxes, on everyone. Perhaps anadditional tax if those here illegally, get that amnesty. Some one has to pay for theadditional cost there sneaking into our country has cost us, tax payers.

He has six kids, at $12,600 dollars per year per kid for socialist public school education, that's $75,600 per year in tax dollars JUST for education.Want to tell me how they're paying taxes again?

Fine any company $100,000 per offense if caught hiring an illegal.  Illegals will be gone by the weekend.

When I was in my early 20s and making minimum wage, I supplemented my meager income by collecting deposit cans and bottles that teens had dumped at the local reservoir where they partied. Sorry, but I don't feel sorry for this guy. His scavenging for deposit recyclables is something that Americans will do, so here is yet another source of income that he's stealing from homeless and/or low income Americans. If he wants to contribute, he should focus his efforts on his country of origin while residing there.

these people are breaking our laws. this is a travesty to our country.it truly is a invasion.

wait, so in Arizona according to liberals, we ask for your "papers" and harass anyone who is Hispanic, YET here, in this picture, and ALL over Arizona are hordes of illegals standing around..... Kinda blows that piece of propaganda BS.

The INS can't find them yet anyone with a camera can!They are turning the US into the dump Mexico is. Say goodbye to the great country this use to be.

Let them go back to their own  country .  They are turning areas into the slums of Mexico. If we don't care about law anymore, why aren't we letting Americans out of jail? Elgin Illinois has houses painted the colors of the Mexican flag in areas of beautiful homes. Turning to Mexican slums.

He doesn't have to live like this (Jesus), he could always go back to Mexico.

Read the story again, count the number of laws that these people are breaking, now do we really want them here?

If they wanted to do the right thing for this country they wouldn't be here and the media wouldn't be writing these misleading articles about them.

Illegals go home ,you use up are resources ,because you do not pay for them . Free ride needs to end ...

"(In Spanish) I am here in this country to contribute." What, to the rat population? I swear to God, whatever US politicians sign on to any "pathway to citizenship" for illegal/criminal aliens will go on a list that will never be forgotten by me and millions of other Americans. Your political futures will be in definite jeopardy.

Why would you have 6 kids when you've put yourself in a situation where you can't get a job and provide for them and also might get deported and never see them again?

The fact they are here is proof enough they are criminals.  Don't we have enough criminals already? Washington DC is full of them

Is he reporting the profits from his drug sales? Is he carrying insurance on his battered old truck? Doe's he have a license that actually represents his true identity? Why does the Media always portray these Criminals as good guys?Why does everyone ignore that it is the farm, hotel and construction contractors that are the criminals? They hire illegals and dodge paying social security plus unemployment taxes and deny jobs to legal citizens.

I commend Governor Brewer and Sheriff Joe Arpaio for defending our State against illegeals, drug mules, rapists, and other thugs from South of the border..

While the author is trying to collect sympathy for this guy, I can't think of any reason he warrants any sympathy from citizens of the United States.

deport, deport, deport

He should come to South Florida where most illegals have 2 jobs and enjoy living near the beach

Send them packing. Let them go home and improve their countries and not be a drain on our economy.

Did you know that approximately one-third of Mexico's citizens are now living illegally here in the US?

I am here in this country to contributeI guess we Americans should be thankful for your contribution to our growing gang problem.

I say send all illegals back and help our own get jobs..There are those that say Americans will not do certain jobs..then how about using some of the non-violent prisoners to do the jobs or what ever happened to teenagers working those jobs? How about giving Mexico money to keep their people there as it would probably cheaper than what it costs us now.

Help control the Mexican population, have your day laborers spayed or neutered.Father of 6, that he will bring here to get on the Welfare and food stamp programs !

Illegal!!!!!!!! What do you not understand about breaking the law?

I don't think this guy is contributing anything.  Does anyone think he has ever filed a tax return.  The only taxes he has paid are sales and gasoline taxes.  How would citizenship change anything for him, except to allow him to get more government benefits?

Typical Reuters garbage.

"Mr. Aguilar, 54, and a father of six (and a wife)" Most legal Americans have 2 or less kids. They're breeding us out of the country. This is why Mexican names for new borns surpass all others, at hospitals all over my nation. Welcome to the New United States of Mexico.

why does the media try their best to always sugar coat these stories about illegals. im sure its a tough life for heroin and meth addicts too but that doesnt mean we should legalize drugs to make life easier on them. these wetbax are breaking the law and hurting america.

While I appreciate the sentiments of the persons interviewed in the article, they're here illegally.  I've known many "undocumented" Mexicans, and every one of them was a hard worker.  It doesn't change the fact that they broke the law getting here.  There is already a path to citizenship, and they circumvented the first step.

These guys are not immigrants. They are invaders.

Stop calling them immigrants. They are criminals. Why do we want these 11 million people who break the law and flip the bird at the legal citizens? They choose to live a life of crime - we shouldn't continue to reward them for it. We already give them food stamps, subsidized housing, free school, free school lunches, free medical care, and now we even give them all free cell phones.

Sure, non taxpaying day laborer one day, welfare recipient the next.Check out the illegal amigo on the right side of the picture using his free obama-phone.

What would you do if some one started living in your back yard and would not leave and the police told you there are laws against this, but they will not enforce them for you. Isn't this what is going on now? All of our yards are being invaded, next it will be our houses, what will you do.

I just hope that any IMMIGRATION reform bans NON-US Citizens from receiving any ENTITLEMENT Program including Welfare, Food Stamps, Medicaid or living in Public Housing.  For the Unskilled laborers they need to know that they are 100% responsible to pay for everything.  Maybe Congress should look at Bill Clinton's Welfare reform and get some of those on Welfare to do these Unskilled jobs.

Think economy is bad now , wait til illegal's are legalized ! Politicians figure on getting more votes &amp; business gets slave labor !

Want to know what's messed up about Obama's "pathway to citizenship"? I know a guy who is from the UK and has been living in the US for five years. He is here legally on a work visa, as an engineer for the cortporation I work for. In those five years, he has met a woman here in the US and married her. When he recently went to renew his visa, he inquired with INS officials about the status of Obama's open door amnesty program and about how it would apply to him. Their answer; he was told that only Mexican citizens are eligible....

The first law of a stable Gov. is to protect it's borders and citizens from invaders, I guess we are sunk.  WE have the laws but not the Gov. to enforce them.

I have no sympathy for people who break our laws every day.  Driving without a license or insurance.  Working without a permit.   In our country illegally.  Go back home!

Come here leagly and you won't have to worry.  We do not need reform.  We need to enforce current laws.  Stop rewarding criminals!

I think all the government is thinking is about votes and taxes, that is why they want to make these illegals legal.  The government does nothing for the American people, only for themselves anymore.

battered 20-year-old truck needs to be coaxed to life from frequent stalls. Bet he doesnt have car insurance either.Its simple,go back, get in the back of the line like all legal immigrants do and you will be welcomed.

I wonder how many folks who welcome this plan have actually travelled south of the border . . I mean, outside of the resort areas that are patrolled 24/7 by armed guards . .. . you might want to take a closer look at what you are buying into and don't kid yourself . . THAT is where we are headed . .

illegal can now go to college on the tax's payer money But the Vet just lost that right .Billion send to a Muslim Brotherhood dictator but our White House close to American. Obama is giving America a way foreigner. The GOV no long Enforce the Laws on illegal but now is righting new one to keep them hear.

"Raymundo, Aguilar and others say they also face persistent pressure from one Phoenix police officer who regularly drives by the day labor site and orders them off the street. The officer, they say, is Hispanic, a fact they find ironic."  Well, as a police officer, he is probably a legal citizen now.  And identifies himself as an American, not just Hispanic.  Good for him.

We don't call them day laborers here. We call them what they are...ILLEGALS. Every time we try to do something about illegal immigration Obama and Holder sue us or block us in some manner. Those two idiots aren't too well liked here in Arizona.

DEPORTATION !!!!!

Why are we not just sending INS buses to round these criminals up every morning??

Dems have a long history of rewardig criminals rather than punishing them.

If American Citizens went by the Millions to ANY other Country in the World (UNINVITED)I think would they be called invaders not Immigrants ?

Who cares whether our laws are inconvenient to a bunch of illegal alien invaders?They think they can force themselves on us and "lay a guilt trip" on us to allow them to stay. I have never been been allowed to disregard any law openly and expect to be set free by simply saying I have it so tough. I have been homeless. I have gone days without eating. I have hitch-hiked to where I could find work. These people need to obey the laws and get out or go to jail while they await deportation.

How soon can they get on welfare!

Another liberal article designed to give sympathy to illegals and make them out to be victims!

I live in Arizona and SB 1070 was the best thing that ever happened.  I saw a DRAMATIC reduction in day laborers, neighborhoods in my opinion cleaned up, traffic issues were avoided where large groups use to congregate,etc.   Also the BEST thing... High School kids took the jobs!  Yes, with the economy bad, they wanted gas money, guess what, they took those jobs.I guess I would have to formally apologize too, as SB 1070 did distribute the problem, there was a definite reduction in illegals here in Arizona and I would venture a guess a lot of them went to other states.

As they all stand around all day throwing garbage and urinating everywhere

so he has no driver's license or car insurance and if he runs into you you are screwed,files income tax and with 6 kids he qualifies for a $6,500 earned income credit check every year.

An obvious error in Reuters writer Tim Gaynor's article.  Obama does not want a bill "tightening border security"..

Exempt for the cars in the background this looks like any latino town........Send these foggers back to where they came from..........jmo

Each and every politician is a despicable traitor! None of them are in DC for the American peoples benefit! They are CAREER politicians who are only concerned about themselves. EVERYTIME we vote one in that we believe is going to represent CITIZENS, they go over to the dark side to save their own _sses! We should be rioting in the streets for what those traitorous _astards are doing to us and our country! WE DO NOT OWE LAWBREAKERS A FREE RIDE AND A PAT ON THE BACK FOR BEING WHAT THEY ARE!!!

Here is immigration reform. You come here illegally, you are just an invader. That makes you a criminal in principal. Since there has been no declaration that the war on terror is over, it should be enforced by death. Try that. They'll quit coming.it's just a grand illusion, who is going to pay for it all?

Mexican father of six, get your #$%$ back to your own country! #$%$ parasitic theiving criminals!!Keep your PC BS yahoo libtards, and call them what they are!!!

We need a change of Government... Pronto!!

More welfare and food stamp voters for Obama and democrats. The more poverty they import to America the longer the welfare party stays in power.

An American Immigrant is someone who Loves America and does things legally to live there and also obey the Law's and learns the Language thus become a beloved productive American Citizen.But there are Many whom don't understand this. (SAD) They believe People who come uninvited, Sneaky only to take advantage of True American Citizens Social Programs in the name of their self interests, Whom HATE American Citizens, are not smart enough to learn English, Whom at the first sign of trouble will RUN as fast as they can "BACK HOME" And Laugh at American Laws... and believe Me I could go on.... 'Think these people are immigrants'CAN YOU SEE THE DIFFERANCE?

"Pay fines, back taxes, learn English and wait in line." That's like letting someone who cut in line to see a movie, go in and watch the movie, while he's waiting to buy a ticket.

No one is pointing a gun at people's heads to come here illegally and then suffer

This man says he was a policeman in Mexico.He left because Cartels were killing police.Isn't their job to stop this kind of thing,or should you leave because the going gets tough?If he really was a policeman.Maybe yes,maybe no.It said he makes $50 after a few hours work collecting boxes and such.Did he make that much in good old Mexico?Paying taxes with a temporary tax number allows you to pay a piddling amount in and receive a large amount because you can't keep it in your pants.A large family ensures a large refund,just like the leeches that we home grow.In my day,if your deductions were more than what you paid,you got your money back.Not another handout at taxpayer expense.

If anything needs reformed, its the anchor baby provision of the 14th Amendment. Illegals are abusing the 14th amendment for a purpose it was never intended. Its purpose was to guarantee citizenship to ex-slaves and their children, not so illegals can enter our country, spread their legs, drop a kid, and use that kid as a stake in the ground.Reform the 14th Amendment, no baby born on U.S. soil gets U.S. citizenship unless at least one of its biological parents is a legal U.S. citizen at the time of birth!

Funny, the countries where whites are the minority are the ones where the citizens run away from to live in the countries where whites are the majority. Why is that?Hey, immigration reform to me means pitching these illegals back across the border.  Comprehensive immigration reform should include picking these day workers up in unmarked government pick up trucks and crossing the border with them.

If they are here Illegally they need to go home asap .

Jesus....go back to Mexico and do the same there! you came here illegally and you are not welcome. if you want to contribute... contribute to mexico!

These people are not immigrants, they are criminals.  IF they were legal immigrants and went through the channels, it is a completely different matter.

And our Federal Government, ( Obama ) sues any State that tries to enforce it's Laws !

Fock them.  Send them back to Mexico.  "Can't come soon enough?"  YOU ARE CRIMINALS.

How can anyone ever believe that the United States and it's taxpayers are in any way responsible for the employment, education, health and welfare of the citizens of another country?We are broke and tired of the crime.

How about going home to Mexico.  What would immigration reform do for Americans?

Yahoo cry me a river you bunch of turds. 100% of illegals are criminals. They became criminals when they came across that border illegally.

All of you illegals,,,,  GET THE    #$%$  OUT...driving around Phoenix in a battered old truck, with no car Insurance, no drivers license,working for cash and paying no taxes but when tax time comes, it is like Christmas, they claim everyone, even the dead, the tax return they get is more than they make all year and then some. getting food stamps, free healthcare for his pregnant wife, himself and kids, free education for his 6 illegal kids, yes he is a REAL contributor  and this is just 1 of the millions that are here.

My great grandfather immigrated to the United States. He had to:-Have 3 year’s worth of wages-Have a trade or skill-Come through authorized channels (Ellis Island)…and most importantly, he learned English (even though it took years, he respected this country)No one should jump to the front of the line!

" said Aguilar, speaking in Spanish. "I am here in this country to contribute."If he really wants to contribute he can go and contribute in Mexico. HIS Country.

Who screwed up Mexico? The people. Now we let them flood into this country so they can screw this country up, which they are doing already. That may be racist, but Mexico didnt get like it is by accident, something caused it.

"For Arizona day laborers, immigration reform can't come soon enough"Really? Why would it make any difference than any other day to them standing out in the open  working, Driving, using the E.R. for free, etc.....

Another "woe is me" illegals article.  Stuff it, Yahoo/Reuters.  Here's my immigration reform:  send them back home.

Here is a question, just what does Mexico do for the United States that this governmentaccepts that country dumping their people on our door step? They should take care of thereown. We foot the bill for paying the social programs we give these people, then they senda percent of the money earned here, back to Mexico. Whats in it for us, other than cheaplabor? I'm not disrespecting there working ethics, just the part were my tax dollars willcontinue to pay for free religious education, health care. All these, as an American citizenI pay for, no one gives me a break, so why screw over the US citizens?

I wonder if that is they guy I saw who filled his truck with cardboard and then wet them down before he went to have them weighed.

People are segragated by money.  So every politicion that votes for whatever it is that downgrades society in general,  is NOT affected by that decision him or herself.  Wonderful isn't it?  The #1 goal of a politicion is to get reelected and stay in power (and on the gravy train).  So once again,  thanks for nothing.

Mexican's earn a free living up here.................They get free education, food stamps, Medicaid, housing............The men work for cash and they are raking it in........Some states give illegal mexican's free college education too.............Filing taxes and claiming dependents that do not live in the USA. How much is his payment from the IRS.

Worst of all so many only come for the bucks! Those who know english never use it around you, only spanish around theirs! In a way they go out of their way to exclude us as they tell us we need to be inclusive! Only a liberal could get a problem so wrong and offer an even dumber solution for the nation! The only area where they excel is in how to acquire power and here they do a fantastic job!I know allot of hard working latinos and I have no problem allowing them to become citizens. However our federal prisons are 1/3ed illegal latinos and just giving blanket citizenship will allow all these wonderful folks in also!So we will create Mexico here just to be fair! The absolute stupidity of the "average" American is beyond belief!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Mexico another failed country that lives off of other countries in the year 2013. Losers!

Why not treat them as Mexico treats ILLEGAL ALIENS? Want to be considered men here , but wont stand up like one in their home countries. HMMMM. PARASITES

I think the amount of money officially wired to Mexico and South America is over $100 BILLION a year. That's what this is all about. Do gooder progressives giving our money to other countries. How do you think Carlos Slim from Mexico became the richest man in the world?

Why is it that people are OK with illegal aliens standing on their corners in full view of everyone?

The President and others are breaking the law by putting Americans at risk from criminals.

what oh like theres no legal citizens that are in same problem as his . bet theres alot out of work people here legally who would love to make up to $150 a day .

I have no concern for these lowlife leeches,,illegal is illegal,,enforce our laws

Why doesn't the government put it to a vote of it's legal citizens and let them decide since we are the one's paying for all this BS!  Letting us vote on the matter takes the blame away from any of the vote seeking politicians!!My brother in law is a decent person. 3 times he hired some of these day workers and 3 times they stole from him. He learned his lesson and will never hire any of these theives again.

Day labor is just another lib. term for illegal aliens who cheated the system

Google "trash by illegal aliens" and see the devestation these lawless invaders have done to our once pristeen desert.  Their culture is to turn everywhere they go into a cesspool.

On a corner on Mesa drive in Mesa Arizona every day laborers stand out waiting. Some are drinking, they harass school kids, especially the girls, and urinate in the yard of the house right there. The elderly lady complains but nothing is done. These people need to be sent back for good, and they need to get off their lazy #$%$ and fix their own issues. We have our own problems, and owe them NOTHING

Instead of working on their own country they simply run away......they would make lousy Americans.

Let the citizens...of this nation VOTE on immigration reform. We are the ones paying for it all.

Aguilar, father of 6, really, why do these poor, uneducated people have so many children? as soon as they are legally here we will have to give them welfare, foodstamps, wic, free medical, section 8 housing, free breakfasts and lunches at school etc., and we wonder why we are so broke.

we have a path to citizenship, use it, and no short cuts all countries fit in our quota system. short cuts will only make us a north mexico. Not a USA

Was there a point to this article ? So the illegals " are lvivng at the sharp end " of the employment stick ? Really ? So are about thirty million of our FELLOW citizens ....single mothers , disabled persons , young people who are just entering the workforce ...you name it .....there's never enough money or peace of mind from financial security . And I'm supposed to worry about THESE guys who are whining now about " possible deportation " ? It's a bummer that they have to work " in the sun or in the freezing cold " ....news flash , Jose , so do millions of US . And we're being treated to a full court press of heart rending stories ...just like this one ...from our press now that it's been taken over by hordes of Liberal bloggers . A person couldn't make this up .

Day labor(s) means no green cards.  Remove them and give the jobs back to true American citizens.ILLEGAL. Violated laws coming across in the first place, and continue to violate laws every day they remain.  Stealing fake SS numbers, driving unregistered, uninsured vehicles and with no valid driver's licenses.  Many with multiple DUIs, traffic accident warrants, and assorted other moving violations.  What other category of criminal behavior gets such a FREE PASS?

Unreal that this is even an issue.  The first paragraph says it all.  The majority of the illegals who broke the law to enter the country are not teachers, scientists, accountants, etc.  They entered the country legally.  The illegals who entered the country are poor, uneducated or criminals.Read that first paragraph again and again.  ANY form of amnesty will do nothing more than have strained US taxpayers pay more when the illegals go on social services.

Meanwhile, he lives with uncertainty. He was arrested in a traffic stop in June when he was unable to produce a driver's license. He was released but must appear before an immigration judge this year and fears deportation. Anyone want to bet he does not show up for court. Fix the border now and enforse all the laws on the books, we dont need more, enough talk more action

If they were doing the decent thing they wouldn't have crossed the border illegally! I have zero sympathy for these people. They are criminals and it is their choice to live the way they do, not our fault and we do not owe them citizenship because they chose to break our country's laws. If we reward them with citizenship then we should start giving CEO jobs to felons, it makes as much sense.

Who does these jobs in area's were there aren't a lot of illegals? And how much do they pay?

Yeah, then they can get on with their illegal existence without all those pesky laws getting in the way.

Most businesses recycle their cardboard.  How is he collecting enough clean recyclable cardboard to make $50 unless he is stealing it?

"At the end of a day of driving around Phoenix in his battered Ford truck scavenging for boxes, Mexican day laborer Jesus Aquilar sells the load to a recycler for pennies a pound, and tosses the yellow receipt with others on his dashboard."Go back and help Mexico.California is now overpopulated, nearly bankrupt, polluted and broke, and Latinos continue to have as many children as they can, even when they cannot afford to support them! So the CA government is actually contributing to the problem by sponsoring total unbalanced and irresponsible population growth by continuing to give money, shelter, food, and healthcare to an ever growing, unsustainable breeding machine.The California Legislators should be paying these people NOT to have more children, instead of the other way around! Welcome to the broken system of The Once "Golden State". Say good-bye to the quality of life we all once knew. It's over!

SO how many of these so-called day laborers are receiving FREE social benefits while living in this country??  Seriously, how come the media never follows or investigates this abuse?  AND don't tell me that these ILLEGALS cannot access welfare benefits!

We have GOT to start doing what other countries are doing. Do NOT give citizenship to babies born here, just because they are born in the U.S The only countries that give citizenship to babies born on their soil is * Argentina* Barbados* Brazil* Canada* Colombia* Jamaica* Mexico* Pakistan* Peru* Romania* United States* Uruguay", yep, only 12 countries in the whole world do it. Other countries Germany, France, England, Ireland, etc have all changed their laws NOT to allow automatic citizenship just because of being born there, most have changed these laws in the past 15 years. It is time the U.S does the same thing, strike down the 14th Am. Require that to become a citizen one parent has to be a U.S. citizen first.I think we have more then 11 million illegals, a few years ago they said we had 30 to 40 million , then they lowered that figure to 20 million, and now it is 11 million.  How many do we have? How many will sneak over if we pass this amnesty bill?Simple steps to solve this problem, it will cost some money at first, but in the long run it will save money and almost stop the flow of drugs and people across the border.1--first build a no mans land border between Mexico and the USA and have the armed forceguard it.2--fine all companies and individuals that hire illegals.3--stop all governments support of Illegals, medical--welfare--etc.4--have all forms of communication in English only.5--then find and deport all illegals and anchor babies that haven't left because of the above steps

For United States citizens, deportation can't come soon enough.

GO BACK

Our Congress is basically saying, "To all of you immigrants who did it the right way.... (#$%$"!

"I am here in this country to contribute."LOL...

He's been here 10 years and can't speak English. You know the American taxpayers paid for his kids to be born, and are paying to educate them. The money he has earned was under the table and no taxes were paid, and somehow we are supposed to feel sorry for him and others like him.  It is NOT America's responsibility to support Mexican citizens.

What a crisis ! Are there no cardboard boxes in Mexico ? I know illegals that have been in the U.S. for thirty years and can't speak a word of English and they have no intent on learning . There reasoning ," we need to learn there language".

I'm from Canada.   We needed references, a job and a sponsor before my family was allowed to come here.After serving in the Air Force I decided to become a citizen.  The INS lost paperwork not once, not twice but 3 times.  In that year and half it took to get things right, the first mass wave of illegals were legalized.     I was not amused.The biggest insult, was the person who made the final decision as to whether i got citizenship, had such a heavy spanish accent i could barely understand her.Leftist loons who scream racism 100 times a day, Politicians and short sighted business men have done this to us.   They laugh as they live in walled off communities and send their kids to private schools.We are the suckers of the world.

All the jobs that were once opportunities for young Americans are gone.CarpenterMasonRooferFinish carpenterDry wallFiberglass TechSheet Metal, etc, etc

"a bill tightening border security and giving many of the 11 million unauthorized immigrants like Aguilar a shot at citizenship, provided they pay fines, back taxes, learn English and wait in line.I like how that sounds, except it sounds too good to be true.- A tighter border? That costs money and stems the tide of cheap labor- Fines? Good luck.- Back taxes? If they'll pay — and that's a big if — it will be pennies on the dollar.- Learn English? Ahaha ha aha hahahahah! Good one!- Wait in line? There's not going to be any rigorous evaluation while they wait in line. Citizenship cards will be handed out like candy.They're here to contribute all right...contribute to our bulging debt.

1.) $22 billion dollars are spent each year on welfare to illegal aliens or their dependant children ( that’s Billion with a ‘B’).2.) $2.2 billion dollars are spent each year on food assistance programs such as food stamps, WIC, and free school lunches for illegal aliens.3.) $7.5 billion dollars are spent each year on Medicaid for illegal aliens.4.) $12 billion dollars are spent each year on primary and secondary school education for children here illegally and they still cannot speak a word of English!5.) $27 billion dollars are spent each year for education for the American-born children of illegal aliens, known as anchor babies.6.) $3 Million ‘PER DAY’ is spent to incarcerate illegal aliens. That’s $1.2 Billion a year.7.) 28% percent of all federal prison inmates are illegal aliens.8.) $190 billion dollars are spent each year on illegal aliens for welfare &amp; social services by the American taxpayers.9.) $200 billion dollars per year in suppressed American wages are caused by the illegal aliens.10.) The illegal aliens in the United States have a crime rate that’s two and a half times that of white non-illegal aliens. In particular, their children, are going to make a huge additional crime probl em in the US.11.) During the year 2005, there were 1 MILLION+ illegal aliens that crossed our southern border with as many as 19,500 illegal aliens from other terrorist countries. Over 10,000 of those were middle-eastern terrorists. Millions of pounds of drugs, cocaine, meth, heroine, crack, Guns, and marijuana crossed into the U.S. from the southern border.12.) The National Policy Institute, estimates that the total cost of mass deportation would be between $206 and $230 billion, or an average cost of between $41 and $46 billion annually over a five year period.13.) In 2006, illegal aliens sent home $65 BILLION in remittances back to their countries of origin, to their families &amp; friends.14.) The dark side of illegal immigration: Nearly one million sex crimes are committed by illegal immigrants in the United States!Total cost a whopping $538.3 BILLION DOLLARS A YEAR!!!

heres an idea thats NEVER been tried before, ENFORCE THE D@MN LAWS WE ALREADY HAVE

Illegals screw over much needed legal immigrants the most. We need self sufficient, intelligent and skilled people from around the world not the dredges and bottom rung.

I love the liberal mentality. We need illegals because fat, lazy, stupid poor Americans don't want to do the jobs they want to collect unemployment instead. Great so now I have to support unskilled 80 iq people from around the world too? F off.

Boo Hoo.  Hasus is a criminal. He is here against the laws of the United States of America.If he wants to go back to Mexico and come in according to OUR laws then I will support him But not when he ignores our laws.  We are supposed to be a nation of laws. If everyone chooses to ignore the laws then there is nothing here for him or anyone else.

Real conservatives want to deport all illegals and enforce American laws..

I understand why people want to come here, but we cannot take in the entire world.  Aguilar needs to home along with the rest of the illegals.

We need to hire  bounty hunters to deport these criminal illegal immigrant outof this country that would create at least 5 million jobs (temp) for at least a fewyears who's going to pay them ? Mexico etc charge whichever country this #$%$comes from $1000 a head for allowing them to leave without proper visa's healthchecks criminal background  (police) checks. We dont know a thing about thesecriminal illegals who they are what diseases they carry which prison they escapedfrom. Kind of hilarious how for a normal US citizen he/she have to jump thru a thousandhoops to get a min wage job but these 11 million get a free pass on everything

When Reagan signed the bill allowing amnesty, it was to be a trade off.  Congress was supposed to have secured our southern borders with fencing and manpower and in return Reagan allowed a ONE TIME AMNESTY.  Who dropped the ball?  If I am wrong, please correct me........constructively of course.In order to have a temporary tax ID number you must go through the proper registration process. If they have this and are working and paying taxes,why are they hiding and living in the so-called shadows? There is a lie somewhere! They call themselves immigrants,which is true only in the fact that they come from another country.Whether our laws for legal immigrants are right or wrong,they have stood the test of time and should be respected by people from other countries.Our laws are there for a reason and that is to protect our country from the side-effects of having just anyone and everyone in this country! The wants of the people from other countries should have absolutely no bearing on the laws of our country.Emphasis on OUR country and OUR laws.If these illegals are so adamant about obeying our laws,they would go back to their country and do things the right way instead of expecting our country to change our laws to accomodate them.Break one law and you'll break another! NO! to any immigration reform!!!!!!!!!!

Where is the news about a lot of Americans living like that, which there are many who belong to U.S., that loss their jobs, homes, etc. etc..I think America should fix America of their problems first for the sake of America and Americans.   And then talk about outsiders.You people in America need to vote in people who truly care about America and Americans, instead of what you got in now.Most of your government seem to only care about votes, control, greed, etc. etc..

( "He's forgotten that his parents and grandparents got here the same way we did, as immigrants.")- Umm, has it ever occurred to the Illegals that their are Mexicans that came to the USA legally, waiting for years in some cases.I am against amnesty for a variety of reasons.  One is that they are here illegally and take jobs that would go to legal residents/citizens. Then there is the health care, free lunch and other social services they receive on top of being illegal for them and their families. The USA should take care of it's own citizens before thinking of those from another country.BTW, I am American/Mexican and have no problem sending people back to their country of origin.

I recently approached a group of these guys in Houston....I wanted a few guys to clean up an over-grown lot....just picking up trash and debris...they demanded $20/hr...cash.....

Jesus Aquilar, Go HOME, then come back with proper paperwork, if you can get it.

These 'day labor' workers UNDERCUT American wages in the construction trades. Time to send them packing.

Sure, illegals here are hired by greedy employers and taxpayers subsidize them for food, health, schooling etc...also they are undercutting legal workers in the trade, as a union man I broke pallets to keep warm during a 3 month lockout during a bitter winter, had to prove that co. lied, (said we we striking)..we won, just to collect unemployment (only time i ever did in  (40) years, most workers ex vets, btw, how does he have a driver's lic and insurence if illegal?

They take two things, jobs and government benefits.We cannot afford to give away either to illegals.

Right, because when they're legal they'll be soooo willing to keep picking lettuce for $5/hr instead of hopping on every welfare program in town. Who will your next glut of "cheap labor" be, employers? We've been telling you for years to just pay a little more and get Americans doing it.

speaking in Spanish. "I am here in this country to contribute."ummmmI just don`t buy the "they do jobs Americans won`t". I`m an Okie. I grew up going to the northwest every summer with my family to work in the orchards. Fact is, the orchard owners started hiring illegals because they would work cheaper than Okies. There are many Americans who would do this job, you get paid daily for the amount o#$%$ do, and a family of four could make $100 a day ( that was in the 1960`s).  You live at the orchard so have very little overhead and can save most of the money.

As long as there are hungry, homeless Americans NO ILLEGAL ALIENS should receive state or federal benefits!

There are far more than 11 million illegal aliens in America, double that number and then some. They are in every state and region. They should all be deported  along with their "anchor" children. It is completely absurd that being born here by ILLEGAL aliens makes them U.S. citizens.

Hes 54 years old and has 6 kids.. Figures!

"For Arizona day laborers, immigration reform can't come soon enough"??not true at all!Any Foreign National that wants to work, FINDS WORK!!!!!!As A State Highway Inspector, I have worked With Many Foreign Nationals that work for Highway Construction Companies.There is no fear of Immigration.Come on out from behind your desk and check out the real world!

the illegals are already voting and reform means more illegals and more votes for Democrats.

Should've stayed where you were crybabies. You come to this country illegally and expect everyone to kiss your feet. Get lost.

ALL ILLEGALS being deported can't come soon enough. F them law breaking criminals. DEPORT ALL ILLEGALS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The US government, both dems and repubs, just turned their backs on its legal citizens.

If they didnt want to be "illegal", they would stay home.Why would I feel sorry for CRIMINALS?  These people chose to come here, broke are laws to do so AND now we are expected to feel sorry for them and give them citizenship?  NO WAY - load them up and take them back to Mexico.

a few "drive by's" will thin out scenes like that photo....someone has to protect america...washington D.C. sure doesn't want to!

Did he pay taxes? Probably not. So that paper trail leads to unpaid taxes. Is he using someone's stolen social security number? I'm infuriated that THESE PEOPLE can sneak into our country and take advantage of our benefits and not have to pay taxes. Why are they being given a pathway to citizenship? This sucks a big one.

how about true blooded Americans looking for work that are not hired by contractors because illegals get paid less, don't receive benefits, no overtime pay and pay no taxes...something needs to be done...it is called Corporate GREED

other countries kill people crossing their boarders. So here's the deal. secure our boarders. apply to enter america legally. and once you're here pull your own weight. don't come here with your hand out.

Germany managed to lock down it's border between east and west for how many decades. Yet we can't seem to get it done.Mexico can't fix itself because it is run by drug cartels with lots of guns, ammo, and kids looking to make easy money for going around killing people.We just sit and watch as the plague grows further and further into the US.

It's enough to make me want to puke, what these leaches are doing to our country with the aid and abetting of the democrats.

I have been over the top on this thread but I am tired of this pandering to everyone else. If you want to come here, assimilate and contribute to American culture fine but I am not your ATM to bring your failed culture here and destroy what people have built.

Immigration reform will include a path to citizenship.  These people don't want citizenship.  They want work, to have their families here, and be left alone.  It is a mistake to reward them for breaking our laws but for some reason the path to citizenship is included in every reform measure I've read so far.  Give them work cards if they have jobs and support themselves, a ticket back to where they came from if the don't.

I believe that the US NEEDS to reform our immigration laws.  We should model them after the immigration laws of Mexico.If they don't have cardboard boxes to collect in Meheeco maybe we could export some along with the people to collect them. Deport him and the rest. I don't want to share my Medicare and Social Security.

"You have to pay your taxes. Why? Because it's the right thing to do ... If I can't be legal, at least I can do the right thing," said one man who gave his name only as Jose, and says he assiduously files a tax return each year using a temporary taxpayer identification number.How much you want to bet he is getting a huge refund check? The right thing to do my #$%$. The right thing to do would be to immigrate legally.

Until we have no homeless Americans, No hungry American children and No hungry American Seniors; We should never spend money to take care of another countries problems. You take care of your own FIRST!!!

There go more of our jobs, and a bigger line for entitlements,

So we make the current 11 million (low estimate) legal citizens, just like they did in the 80's with Reagan.  Then the next 11 million show up and we do the same for them.  Or, they could do things legally and avoid the whole issue.

"but since the anti-immigrant laws started up,"Only anti illegal  immigrant laws stop using the play on words.

They could always go home?

If they don't like it here GET THE HELL OUT!

Why can't Mexico and South American countries figure out how to sustain their citizens and keep them from running away? they have resources, they should model their countries after the U.S. since they like us so much, something, anything to keep these people in their homelands.

Their main excuse is "Wanting to obtain a better life".  I do too!  How about I sneak in the back door of the White House, eat gourmet food, sleep in the Lincoln Bedroom, fly all over the world on Air Force One and frolic on all those Hawaiian, European and South American vacations and golf trips?  IT'S THE SAME THING!I will not be voting Republican or Democrat if they pass immigration reform. As a suggestion, I say we all stop typing and call our Congressmen and Senators and tell them that you will not be voting for them if they vote in favor of Immigration reforms.

When does bank robbers reform come?

Illegal is illegal is illegal.Write a story about the wretched Mexican government that cares so little for THEIR people!!

"...life out of the shadows.""...the sharp end of a daily battle for survival on the margins of American society..."What a bunch of tripe.  I can't even finish reading this.

And the people who hire these people go right down to the IRS and file a 1099 right? The workers wanting to be good americans report all of their cash income to the IRS on a daily basis correct? Or do the file quarterlies as independent contractors paying all monies owed at that time?

Funny how the Democrats and the left wing media keeps saying there are 11 million illegals here; they have been saying this for decades and in all probability there are 20 - 25 million here illegally, all who will vote for the Democrats and their largesse.

60 percent of mexican immigrants are on some welfare. 5% of British immigrants are.

Illegals should be ineligible for welfare or other social services for 10 years. We don't want the rest of the worlds trash leeching off our system.

screw'em

STAND YOUR GROUND GOVERNER AND SHERIFF, we dont care if his name is "jesus"we care that he is illegal and sounds like his truck is 2 and i bet he isnt paying taxes on any wages from scrapALSO "jesus" was a cop in mexico and decided it is easier to make it here than in mexico and not fight for his home and instead change ours !!!!!!!!!!!!It's sick what America has become :(

I'd like to see immigration law reform.  I'd like to see our immigration laws enforced.  You know, where the immigration officials actually do their jobs?

all obama and his horrific administration are doing is encouraging Mexican's to break our laws. Once they see that not only can they do it and get away with it more freely, but under obama, they are rewarded for doing so. How long do you think it will be before the drug cartels capitalize on obama's concept of "immigration reform"... how long do you think before the general criminal element in Mexico starts spilling over the border in mass quantities to rape, rob, and murder U.S. citizens living peaceably inside our border lines? If you think this scenario is improbable and stupid, you are an ignorant jackass that knows absolutely nothing about the Mexicans on just the other side of our border's. The obama administration is the scariest administration and largest threat to this nation the world has ever seen... we will be suffering the consequences of electing, and re-electing this abomination for many years after he and his administration are gone from the whitehouse.

I think there will be a race war, A race to head back to mexico when all social Programs go belly up.

" ... the Macehualli Day Labor Center, the only city-sanctioned work site in Phoenix, ..." . . . . . WHOA! Hold it right there! If state law cannot trump federal law, then what's this drivel about a "city-sanctioned work site"? And where is ICE, sipping coffee?

Aguilar: "I am here in this country to contribute." Contribute my butt....I am willing to bet he works for cash while the mother of his 6 kids draws welfare, WIC, free housing, free education, free lunch program for his kids, living with two or three other families not paying their fair share in property taxes so the taxpayers where they live do not have to pick up the tab for their kids to attend school....they drive around nice cars, wear nice clothes, fancy phones all the while claiming they are 'poor' and the money they make they send back to Mexico. Would like to know how long he has been in the U.S. and why he does not speak English! DEPORT THEM ALL----NO AMNESTY FOR PEOPLE WHO ARE CRIMINALS!

Well he says some good things, but being here 10yrs it would be nice to know a little English, and having 6 kids when you may be deported or working for pennies is not smart. But then again if they are US citizens they can get benefits. So once again the US becomes a big entitlement program for Mexico and its people.

There is probably room here for them as legitimate, tax paying, productive citizens.  We are justifiably #$%$ that about the way they got here so rewarding them with legal residence seems like insult to injury.  Some think that if they were gone the jobs they do would pay more and give unemployed Americans work.  IDK, how many unemployed or underemployed can do this work.  But for that matter, how long can these immigrants do it..they will get old too.

I understand about his fearing for his life in Mexico because of the drug cartel, but when he was here legally why didn't he seek asylum status for himself &amp; his family?  That being said he has also been here for over a decade, but still has not learned English.  He is the father of six children &amp; if they are also here are attending school without supporting the school district through taxes.  I don't have the answers, but both sides of my family came to this country as immigrants the legal way &amp; it is a slap in the face to them &amp; others when our politicians make excuses for those who have done it illegally &amp; now want to give them an easy path toward citizenship.

Another Dreamy Author.I guess they're selling those boxes to pay their cell phone bill, check out the one on the far right. Rather have that phone &amp; talk to your buddies than buy food huh?

Why should Mexicans get in first!!

I am telling you, I was the wagon driver for a police dept. in a large city in the mid west. How is it that over 70% of the pick up was arrests for someone who did not speak English?You tell me that we have nothing but people looking for jobs and are here as great people.No we have the left overs and you will one day open your eyes and it will be to late.This is nothing more then someone in power bringing in more for there  own votes later at a cost you can not pay in the long run.

Amnesty for 30 million illegals will destroy the US. If legalized, each can import family

I don't care how the hell they attempt to justify it ... illegal is illegal is illegal and their butts need to be sent home.  WE DO NOT WANT YOU HERE!  Come legal, like my forebears, then we don't have a problem.

Keeping working slaves. We need to support this guy and his 6 kids so Carlos Slim can make $10s of BILLIONS more skimming from the money wired back home.

Illegals are sadly mistaken if they think that Obama's illegal laws will make them safe and sound. The opposite effect is occurring. Obama has put targets on your backs and when when this powder keg blows, that blast will swallow you up.

Welcome to the United States ! It is not as grand as you thought it would be, thanks to Obama. He just wanted the votes to be president again. That is it in a nutshell !

Here we go again with the liberal news media......For every one of these immigrants trying to do good, there are twenty that are just the opposite......sponging off the system, draining our resources, committing crimes, etc.....but they won't write about that.

The immigration system isn't broken, it's been neglected. Kinda like the lawn, if it's neglected the grass will be overrun by the weeds...It’s time for a little roundup!at least in this article this writer called them what they are ILLEGALs but he does not call them criminals which they are... if and when they are caught they are put in jail so guess what they are criminals

Such heart rendering stories.....BUT.... The term ILLEGAL is still a good one, if they want to come in to the country, that is ok if done LEGALLY...to be here ILLEGALLY is a felony...and yes, illegals do take jobs that otherwise would go to Americans

Where's the sympathetic articles for the other criminals? bank robbers, drug dealers, gangbangers, etc...........

Obama just nominated a mexican as secratary of labor,how ironic, still sucking up to the illegals and their pocketbooks for the next election.  the only qualification for a cabinet post is be of mexican heritage or a heavy contributor.

Grubby little me-he-cans, disease, crime, handout takers...

How about article that says, For American citizens, secured borders cant come soon enough.

Vermin...need to leave...

Not to mention the one guy admits he drives ILLEGALLY and without insurance ,back in mexico he was a cop. Yet here he has no reservations about breaking our laws ! HMMMMM!

"...giving many of the 11 million unauthorized immigrants like Aguilar a shot at citizenship, provided they pay fines, back taxes, learn English and wait in line."Interesting shift in the terminology from "undocumented" to "unauthorized" (both meaning "illegal," however).  You can't say "undocumented" any more because the proposed path to citizenship will require a paper trail ("documentation") to prove your "good" intentions of contributing to the US society.But the question I have is:  how are these people going to pay back taxes?  How do you calculate taxes if there are no records of being employed?

If you came here legally, you wouldn't have to worry about any of this. Now, go home and try again you criminal.Father of 6! Nice, all on welfare, they have the exact same opportunities  in Mexico as they do here except welfare, they have universities , trade schools,car manufacturing , car ,dealerships , a banking system just like ours with the same banks, Walmarts, Costco, Kmart's, pizza huts, dominos,, everything we have they have, I have shopped there at many of them these companies  will only  go where they can make money, every time I go to Mexico I see them all with I phones, I see the ATT stores, ETC , the only thing they don't have is welfare, , this is a perfect example of an illegal raping our system

if everybody is against this at a 100 to 1 ratio then why do the politicians keep pushing it down our throat

everyone who supports illegals must adopt one illegal and pay for their upkeep..

More like a group of "Illegal Immigrants." Our leaders need to grow some you know what and do a massive round up of illlegals and deport them. It's that simple.

How about him driving his battered old truck back to mexico and not coming back?

Reuters found these guys why cant our government find them and send them packing back across the border?

The author of this piece, Tim Gaynor, should be writing non-fiction! What a POS hack he is.Using phrases like,  "daily battle for survival on the margins of American society", " the anti-immigrant laws", and " shadow workforce" tells me that little Timmy is more interested in drama then the truth.

If you all could just live here in the southwest for two months, you'd be over this argument. EVERYTHING is screwed up. Its jacked education, welfare is up, crime is up, where we used to go camping and hiking is now polluted with trash from them using it as trails, and its far too dangerous for camp there. We are just letting the lazy and cartels in. Try to find a Wal-Mart where SOMONE speaks English.

How can anyone ever believe that the United States and it's taxpayers are in any way responsible for the employment, education, health and welfare of the citizens of another country?We are broke and tired of the crime.

Now they're calling illegal alien "unauthorized immigrants"....stupid liberals, they're illegal aliens, period.  If a legal alien is a "permanent resident alien", there's nothing wrong with calling an illegal alien exactly what they are.Why are we more concerned about the well being of illegal invaders than our own American citizens in need of jobs and services?  All these law breakers do is cost Americans and make it harder for them to pursue their dreams because Washington wants to put illegals at the head of the handout line.  Worse yet they want Americans to pay for the wants, demands and needs of these invaders.  Why our elected officials so eager to reward individuals that blatantly break our laws, make obnoxious demands and think they have more rights than the citizens of this country while punishing the rest of us if we object.  Hey illegals, here’s a dime, call someone who cares.

If they wanted to come here to live an honest life and contribute, that's fine.  So why didn't they go through the appropriate legal process to become American citizens?  Giving them a free pass is a spit in the eye to all the current foreign-born American citizens who did go through all the legal hoops.

good grief, i think i'll just gag, what a load of tripe, round those rats up, damn

Just what we need more junkers driving our roads without insurance so they can take advantage of our schools for their kids, our medical system and food stamps. That will help balance the budget.

headline should read,for Arizona criminals immigration reform the beginning  of the end for Americans

Making illegal aliens citizens just because of the sheer number of them in this country is like granting pardons to convicts just because they outnumber the prison staff . . .

Aguilar, father of 6, really, why do these poor, uneducated people have so many children? as soon as they are legally here we will have to give them welfare, foodstamps, wic, free medical, section 8 housing, free breakfasts and lunches at school etc., and we wonder why we are so broke.

Make it a felony to hire these outlaws. No free medical or food stamps and they will leave. NO AMNESTY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Stay home....

What exactly is a "day laborer"? A person that works all day? A person that works day by day? Or is it a person that is not in the country illegally, and does not pay any taxes? Their is a legal way to come to America.Strange how people feel bad for law brakers who are free to go home and live without fear or stay in the US and live as outlaws. This issue is about freedom and respecting the laws that enable those freedoms.Smokers get harrased daily and they put up with it in silence, why should I feel bad for these Outlaw's?

For American Citizens, enforcing immigration laws and deportation can't come soon enough. Is how the title should read, since this is OUR country.

The illegals chase away the Americans at these camps. The reporter failed to report this.

Deport them, enough said!!

Screw the whole bunch of them... Go to the back of the line...

INCREASING the supply of labor DECREASES the wage and employment rate- basic economic law of supply and demand determining the price (wage rate) of labor. We let 1,000,000 LEGAL immigrants into America EVERY YEAR- its long past time for an immigration FREEZE! We do not have a labor shortage, but instead a JOB shortage!

Just what we need more people on welfare. That's entitlement. Not social security or unemployment where the people worked in order to qualify instead of popping out anchor babies and stealing from the American people. That's an entitlement! Now if we could get the idiots in DC to understand the difference we the people might stand a chance. They never worked a day in their lives so they have no idea what an entitlement is. They just keep giving our money away to those that have done nothing while draining the seniors and Vets. Cut Vet tuition but allow illegals to go to our schools free and then get State tuition. #$%$ is wrong with OUR elected officials. They don't represent me at all. Either party. I'm done with them both. Anybody but a Dem or Rep has got to be better.

Does Tim Gaynor know the difference between "reform" and "surrender" ?

WE DO NOT have to deport. A national biometric tamper proof ID and E-verify and $25,000 fine per person fine for employee/employer and they deport themselves. Easy.

"Then came the backlash from anti-illegal immigration activists...."Would the media ever call opposition to drunk driving "backlash from anti-illegal driving acdtivists," or call robbery "backlash from anti-illegal taking activists"?  These are forms of illegal activity which, when reporting on them, the media describe honestly and objectively.  By contrast, when reporting on illegal aliens they bend over backwards to paint supporters of compliance with the law as the bad guys.  Don't tell me there' no media bias.  It is obvious, blatant and intellectually dishonest.I've worked alongside these derelicts, and what's not discussed here is how they see ICE as the 'toothless dog', and they see deportation as a free bus ride to visit "mia madre".  Every payday they bleed countless dollars out of our economy as they send money across our Southern border.  Lifelong criminals do NOT deserve citizenship!

These parasites just put out a video in Commiefornia demanding free healthcare under Obamacare....

What are politicians teaching us? Break the law in large enough numbers and they can't and will not enforce it.

"I am here in this country to contribute."BULL!  You are here in this country to make a living and earn money so you can live better than you could in your own country.  THAT is why immigrants come here - to make a better life for themselves.  If you really want that life, then go home and come here LEGALLY.  If not, then you are a criminal and you should be arrested and deported.

They are here ILLEGALLY, along with others. That they've managed to "scrimp by" while raising families does not change anything about their immigration status. Those who file taxes, probably get refunds exceeding what they had to pay in. Why can't our government call a spade a spade? Pandering for the hispanic vote is a slap in the face to all Americans. How often do campaign promises even happen? Arizona should be a model for every state!

If you were here to contribute rather than benefit, you would have applied legally and respected our laws...

Join Numbers USA. They are for ENFORCING our immigration laws, lowering the work visas, anchor babies, mandatory use of e-verify, etc. They rate each candidate on immigration issues and they have free faxes that you can send to the White House, your Congress &amp; Representatives. It’s easy &amp; free, please join!!!Check out Numbers USA.Feel free to repost

Oh, the poor day laborers. let's all sing and hold hands and pray for them. What a laugh.What about all the American citizens and legal immigrants who have problems making ends meet? where is the story about them?

why are employers hiring these people from a curb or street, go home and fix your country and stop ruining America

If you think these people will pay fines and back taxes you are sadly mistaken , they will do what they have been doing and be trapped in this country when the borders close .Cut out the free welfare  &amp; goodies and maybe some Americans will give up the malt liquor in front of the TV and do these jobs.

Demoncrat votes.

You can contribute by paying taxes and learning english. Otherwise, please leave.

We should call them what they are, ILLEGAL WORKERS!  And ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS!  And CRIMINALS!!

What makes you think that a minimum wage day laborer is going to want to continue doing the same job for the same wages and no benefits once he beocmes lega? Of course not, he will be wanting YOUR job.

Obama has made US citizenship about as valuable as toilet paper. Welcome to the 3rd world America.

The photo:  Your tax dollars at work.... including the "communication device" being held in the background.

You mean the receipts for which he got paid for items he didn't pay tax on?  Are those the receipts he hope will earn him a legal status in this country?

"There was a lot of work four or five years ago ... but since the anti-immigrant laws started up, the number of people has gone down," Less competition for jobs would mean more work, not less work. It seems this gentleman would qualify as Obama's Jobs Czar.

It can't come soon enough for them so thay can sign up for Food Stamps and Medicaid.  All working citizens will pay for their free ride!  You liberals can thank your communist democrats for that!Democrats seem to love crime. They release people from prison, refuse to enforce our laws, want to forgive illegals and make them citizens, legalize drugs, etc.... F U Dems.

Whatever happened to No Soliciting and No Loitering?

he's illegal...our whole government is so fUUUKKKEEEDDD up.....

The U.S. Census reports that 10% of the entire population of Mexico resides in the U.S.

Alternate headline:  "For Democrat party, legitimizing undocumented Democrats can't come soon enough."

Bottom line...they are criminals not immigrants!  I don't care how long they have been in this country illegally, they should not expect to be rewarded for being a criminal!  Had he entered legally like many others, he would most likely already have a job!  Not that that really matters, illegals are hired ALL the time to actually do jobs Americans would do in these tough economic times.  No immigration reform is needed, the enforcement of existing laws need to be enforced!

In the article is said "he crossed the US Border legally"?. " Then stopped  and couldn't produce a drivers license?".  Why don't these articles include the millions that are here illegally but gain employment, work the system and send money back to Mexico?

I feel for them if they are legal immigrants.  They can kiss off if they are illegal immigrants.  Somehow the left forgets he word "illegal" which is important.

The browning and dumbing down of America, soon we will look just like the countries they ran away from, corruption and filth.

Just because "all men are brothers" does not mean that "all men are americans."  Should we have borders?  National culture?  National language?  National identity?LOOK at this. . .people come to this country for the American dream and when they find the going tough we are supposed to feel sorry and help them. I have two words for those of you who are upset. . . .GO BACK!   We won't miss you.

SERIOUSLY ! What part of FOLLOW OUR LAWS or go home do they NOT understand. its simple, go elsewhere in the country, get shot, jailed, or kicked out... IM TIRED of them asking for free hand out FREE rides, and FREE citizenship! People pay daily to come here, voice their allegiance to our flag and become a LEGAL CITIZEN! When you continuously break laws, WHY WOULD WE KEEP YOU! You're no better than the maggots that rot in jail IF YOU CANNOT follow directions! STOP whining and DO SOMETHING, GET LEGAL! STOP waiting for a hand out! its america land of the FREE and oppourunity.... so, MAKE SOMETHING OF IT YOURSELF! NOT BY GETTING HAND OUTS!

The once great Southwest is fast becoming the filthiest ghetto in America, thanks to the illegal aliens. Send'em back home...

I am here in this country to contributeThen explain why the Hell we are shelling out billions to illegals?

does he file a tax return to claim all the benefits of those five kids in mexico that he doesn't have to have proof of, or to entitlement of other programs from this stupid gov that this country has let take over?Earned income, where are his tax returns, I think he should produce them, he wanted to see Romney's, why didn't the writer produce some documents for this article? If the citizen's of this country fall for this garbage, that the gov, again like healthcare, are trying to ram down your throat, then we will be the next cypress.

All those illegals go to the end of teh line and start over for legal status. They should first prove they have gone back to their own country and apply for visa. Other wise it does pay to commit a crime and break the law.

Must be a tough life, sneaking into another Country and all. You work for cash and have no idea about laws, you drive around without insurance or a Lic..... 11 million is all?

"It's to show them that you are doing the impossible to survive ... and show them that you are doing the decent thing," said Aguilar, speaking in Spanish.If you want to do the "decent" thing then come here legally and learn english.  You have done neither.

They sound tired. Make them "legal", so they can quit their shadow jobs and legally get on welfare and food stamps and section 8 housing, and vote for politicians who will grant them the right to live off the system the rest of their lives. We will pay.

If a few boatload of illegal Palestinian Muslims decided to hang out in hebrew Beverly Hills the media wouldn't be as accepting to immigration reformjust when you think our goverment cant get any stupider

How about we do a sting operation...find some guys to pose as day laborers at these corners and then bust the people that hire them?  DON'T HIRE ILLEGAL LABOR. --its hurts all of us.

1.  How does a man who collects cardboard to live come up with the money to pay back taxes and fines?  And even if he can go back to day labor will that provide him the necessary funds either?  2.  If the illegals cannot be used for day labor, does that mean that somehow the employers and legal workers have come to an understanding?  3.  Who the he(ll) do the legislators think they are going against over 50% of the American people?  They are there to represent the American people, not win the Hispanic vote.  4  What do these whiners not understand?  They are here ILLEGALLY.  I don't care if they used to be police or not.  They have broken the law to get here.  They break the law looking for work here.  They have anchor babies in the hopes of being able to stay and milk the social services and educational systems paid for by Americans for Americans.  They need to go home and apply for immigration the way everyone else does.  Why are they entitled to special dispensation?

the reform could end the storm over illegal immigrationThe storm won't ever end, and filing taxes isn't the same as paying taxes.NO AMNESTY!!!!

Mr. Gaynor, you are so full of %$@&amp;. Illegals receive over $128BILLION in welfare, education help, &amp; housing, as well as $38BILLION in tax refunds they don't pay taxes for, all against FEDERAL LAW. Then you have the Liar in Chief who sues States who try to enforce that Federal Law, that he took an oath to protect. There is a way for them to become citizens, but it's people like you who want them to circumvent that process. Obama will spend money on illegals, muslim brotherhood, &amp; IMF, but will threaten Americans with "kids starving, teachers being fired, no police &amp; firemen, lax airport security, etc....." on sequester HE PROPOSED. Go back where you came from &amp; come back the right way....take Obama with you so he can become a citizen, too.

If you give people amnesty they will compete with unemployed americans for jobs and then it will create a vacuum for more illegals to come across the border and do the work that the others were doing before they got amnesty. The problem never gets solved if all you have to do is hide out for 10 or so years and then get amnesty.

INCREASING the supply of labor DECREASES the wage and employment rate- basic law of supply and demand determining the price (wage rate) of labor. What don't you pro mass immigration people understand- or do you just simply not care about your fellow American?

It would be nice if they actually wrote stories of hard working americans who are homeless, in poverty on foodstamps etc. These stories of illegal aliens do nothing for me, its like when i watch MSNBC Lock up. What i am supposed to feel sorry for people who break the law.

if they dont like our laws then they can feel free to carry their happy #$%$ home to mexico then ---we are tired of supporting them

Foreign nationals ILLEGALLY in the US and expecting to be rewarded for it. UnEFFINGbelievable.Mr. Aquilar, return to your country of origin and you will not have to worry about scrounging for day jobs and earning pennies. And if you want to contribute to a country, contribute to your own - fix the problem there, don't flee here and create problems for the legal citizens of this nation.

Here is something the "news" and "our" elected representatives overlooks-Yearly LEGAL immigration rates from the DHS website:2000 841,0022001 1,058,9022002 1,059,3562003 703,5422004 957,8832005 1,122,2572006 1,266,1292007 1,052,4152008 1,107,1262009 1,130,8182010 1,042,6252011 1,062,0401,000,000 LEGAL immigrants come to America EVERY YEAR. INCREASING the supply of labor DECREASES the wage and employment rate. We need to FREEZE immigration until unemployment and poverty are eliminated in THIS country! That is the ONLY moral way to allow 15,000,000 illegal aliens to join the legal job market. Charity starts at HOME! We NEED to start putting America FIRST, instead of dead last!

Yes, life can be tough for lawbreakers.

Can we as legal American citizens round them up and return them to Mexico ?

Ask not what you can do for this country, but ask what we can do for the illegal’s. please follow the green line to counter #1 to pick up your EBT card, then proceed to counter #2 for your section 8 voucher, then more along to counter #3 for you welfare check, please file your taxes form before 15 April so you can get your low income credit, and don’t for get to sign up for your free obama healthcare plan, yes that’s right it’s free as well.

ILLEGAL IS ILLEGAL!  Screw the cockroaches.  Sick of seeing them loitering at every freaking hardware store and Walmart.  I yell "Trabajo" and drive off just to be a jerk.

if you are illegal, you should get the H out of the country before people hunt you down

Immigration reform should include them having to apply from their home country like any one else who comes over legally.

Pack your sorry, chating, criminal, #$%$ backa cross what ever border you came from and so it legally.  Don't expect any shorcuts!!!  What's so fricking hard to understand here?

History will refer this time frame in late great American history as the 'Great American giveaway'mexiko mexiko hispanics are the worst...short stocky arrogant people...

America will ultimately fail because it's to busy policing the rest of the world to secure it's on borders.

Because of these illegals Arizona has some of the highest crime rates in the Country. I.D. theft is huge there, along with petty theft, stolen cars, and burglaries. There are "stash houses" all over town where groups as large as 100 spend their nights. The smuggling rings (hispanics) are known for bringing through thousands weekly. Why do you think the Governor there approves these laws the Feds say are not constitutional? I live in western Colorado and even here there is a problem. I'm sick and tired of illegals who can't even speak english in the stores, who leave in Large, newer, SUV's and $50k trucks,paying with wads of $100 dollar bills. These poor , poor, ILLEGAL aliens.

"Aguilar is among millions of illegal immigrants"...key word there is ILLEGAL.

What a bogus story day labors do not pay taxes.

For me, my meal ticket can't come fast enough either!

Enforcement of our laws and borders would be REFORM.  Instead, we get hordes of third world trash.  Traitors enable invaders.

Clearly, immigration reform needs to start with a 20 ft high concrete wall from Brownsville,TX to San Diego, CA, complete with battlements, electrified razor-wire, machine guns, and fully armed drones circling overhead 24/7. We can round up the 12+ million bandito parasites already here and use them to build it, then deport 'em penniless.

What's with all the people claiming that this bill is 'reform?'  It is nothing more than an amnesty bill that will fail just like the last one did.

So if the Feds don't want to do their job, can we make citizens arrests and drop them off at the whitehouse ??Funny, the countries where whites are the minority are the ones where the citizens run away from to live in the countries where whites are the majority. Why is that?

Brewer for president !

Regardless of the posturing, the 11 million or so illegals here, you still have to get to the end of the line. Nothing substantial will happen here, you can't reward breaking a country's laws. This is a quagmire unfortanately!

Why isn't ICE just deporting these people?

I will offer you a solution - go home and apply to come here legally.  Upon receipt of your OK to come here, come, hopefully you will know the language of the country you wish to live in - otherwise you should work on learning it immediately.  Also decide if you wish to be a guest or citizen - if citizen be prepared to work &amp; not expect handouts - welcome to the USA

This is not a news article.  It's a thinly-veiled opinion piece.

Foreigners....OUT!!  By any means necessary!!!

BE they good, bad, or indifferent NOW, they are STILL illegals who broke the law to get here instead of following the LEGAL channels.Many have been here since right AFTER the LAST amnesty, hoping for ANOTHER ONE.DEPORT them all, and they can take their families with them!

Soon we will be just like Mexico.

Pravda in the Soviet Union was less of a lapdog to the Communist Party than these "journalists" are to the Democratic Party of the US.for each of these touchie feel good stories that the media prints there are hundreds or thousands of ones that they refuse to print due to the fact that it will damage their position.If employers were prosecuted for hiring illegal aliens the jobs would not be available for them.  If employers faced the consequences and the fines were large enough they would not hire illegal aliens.  Not only are the illegal aliens breaking the law, but the companies that hire them are also.  But the illegal aliens are breaking multiple laws such as entering into the USA illegally, possessing fraudulent identification cards (Social Security Card, INS Card, Work Permit Card and possibly a false US and/or State Identification Card).

Stop duel citizenship and work visas now!  If anyone wants to be an American citizen, do it the right way - screen applicants to make sure they're not criminals!  Skin color and ethnicity should not be the determining factor, character should!

And Jose----go home to Mexico, don"t live off me anymore ..

"Comprehensive Immigration Reform"????How about Comprehensive Immigration Law ENFORCEMENT instead.Oh, I forgot. That wouldn't sit well with the politically-favored and racist Hispanic's nor the DemonKrap and RepubliGoon ruling duopoly that panders to them.

day laborers? don't they mean illegals

"There was a lot of work four or five years ago, but since the anti-immigrant laws started up, the number of people has gone down". 1. Laws didn't just start 2. Less people, MORE work. 3. Anti-Immigrant offends us. Please call us Pro-Constitution

Mexicans should be petioning the UN for help to clear the cartels and corruption from Mexico, not demanding citizenship from the United States!

If these people would speak freakin' english and not push to have every thing published by the govt in their native language, perhaps the evil americans wouldn't notice the problem so much.  This is a nation of immigrants, in the past the immigrants attempted to assimilate, not form their own minicountry within the US

Being as it will takes years to close the borders before reform is tackled, these guys better not hold their breath. Are you Repubs listening??? You better be.

GREEN ILLEGALS have a paper trailIf people would quit hiring them and quit using employers that use them that would help make them leave.Do some research before you hire an employer to do a job.If they use ILLEGALS then dont use them.Go with american workers first.

" Illegal immigrants collectively represent a group that is a significant menace to the public. 80% have committed serious crimes in addition to immigration violations, and 40% have violent crime histories." (Center for Immigration Studies).

Illegals stealing $113B/year from US taxpayor! Deserves outrage! Cut all gov’t aid to illegals and give ‘em the boot!

Our system is broken we are electing the wrong kind of people and unless we take to the streets they won't give up until we become the day laborers

Yes these men are all just criminals ,NOT IMMIGRANTS! To say otherwise puts down legit immigrants

Yes 11 million AMERICANS out of work and washington beleives we have a shortage of workers. Why do we continue to vote for those that are so out of touch with AMERICA'S NEEDS!!

For most Americans the answer is deportation, There is no winning arguement in favor of the ILLEGALS, Unless you are a politician looking for their ILLEGAL  VOTE!!

Yahoo and all your sympathy.  Why don't you write a story about the American citizens, such as I, that have been hit by an illegal immigrant like Aguilar, that was driving around without a driver's license or auto insurance?  He ran a red light, wrecked my car and I had to buy a new vehicle, to replace the one that I had just paid off.  My insurance had to pay for all the damages and my premiums went up.  Why don't you write about the people in my neighborhood that have been robbed by one of these thugs.  An illegal linked to organized crime and they let him go, because he was illegal and  the U.S. government won't enforce the immigration laws.  I have no sympathy for people that come here and cost me money and do harm to myself and others.  They take advatage of our laws and if it were an American, they would be sitting in a prison cell serving time.  Why do Americans have to pay the price for their freedom from a country such as Mexico, that cannot control them and does not want them either?  The reason 50% of America does not want them here is because, they don't abide by the law!

Mr. Obama , You cant stem the flow of ILLEGAL ALIENS coming to this country ,WHILE CONTINUING RINGING THE DINNER BELL!!

The headline speaks of Arizona illegals, and the photo is of NY illegals...does that make any sense?Why don't they reform back to Mexico. Deport every illegal or if your a politician, just kiss their as&amp;*#$ for a vote. No one is undocumented they are illegal if they came to this country illegally.

it's not reform, it's amnesty

There isn't one thing these people contribute other than crime ,poverty and disease ..if they didn't do the so called jobs nobody else would do companies would have to raise the pay scale to get people to do those jobs and even when they do work they send the money back to their country so it doesn't help our economy at all,because none are inoculated against certain diseases those diseases that were eradicated ten years ago are now returning with a vengeance especially TB ,Jails are overcrowded with these people and when the first thing you do is commit a crime it doesn't say much for that person ,these aren't immigrants ,they are criminals ,Immigrants come to this country the right way they stand in line wait their turn ,learn the rules..rewarding someone with citizenship just because they dogged the law for a certain time is a disgrace and a slap in the face of every American citizen new and old .

I want to know how illegals who get welfare for their kids can afford I phones? I am a retired marine with 3 teenage boys and I can't afford to get the I phones

"comprehensive immigration reform" = amnesty for lawbreakers

Aguilar isn't here to contribute, he's here to personally gain.  He can't even learn to speak English, but he wants the benefits of being in the U.S.

'..construction, landscaping and removal work.'  and these are some of the jobs that americans supposedly won't do...bah!"He's forgotten that his parents and grandparents got here the same way we did, as immigrants."  Sorry Lopez, you are not an immigrant but an illegal.  There is a worlf iof difference in these words.'After crossing the U.S. border legally over a decade ago, he never left...' and this is an even bigger problem than securing the borders.  They come and they stay and never leave, nor bother to try to become legal for years.  And now, we are supposed to let them stay.  Pat them on the backs for working hard?  Really?  What are breaking the law?  Why should we be forced to bypass our laws because you want us to?Say what you will about Jan Brewer but without her taking a firm stance and forcing the government to do somthing (and taking firm action like not allowing illegals to be hired by american companies) is the only reason that our government is taking any action at all.

What about closing the border? We aren't hearing about that any more, are we?

If anybody wants to know why wages are stagnant, just look at illegal day laborers drivng down wages.

what we need is "Comprehensive Immigration Law Enforcement "Yeah, once these "day laborers" get legal status, they can stop working and go on welfare.

Arizona day laborors can go home soon enough!

First thing people like Jesus needs to fo is Learn English. They claim they can't speak our lanuage, but they sure in the H E C K can count American dollars and know if they are being "cheated"

Send the illegals home so they can get in line and come back legally. God bless the GOP and the Tea Party! Gay PRIDE!

Jesus may be here to contribute, but all the democrats want is his vote; at the expense of already contributing taxpayers.

Assiduously files a tax return each year using a temporary taxpayer identification number. How much of a refund is he getting? Sorry dude, that is still fraud. I'm sure you listed that with all your W-2's and your employers tax ID number.

This country looks more like living somewhere in Mexico everyday amigos! Ponch O Villa will be the next presidentee's name and Mexico's drug lords will be our congress. Dream Act (nightmare), Anchor Baby (Welfare Recipient), Illegal (Felon), and America Citizen (Extinct) about sums it all up for me!

Yep, and Marco Rubio and Rand Paul are for rolling out the red carpet too.

More undocumented democrats. They can't wait for legal status so they can collect off the taxpayers and vote.

No comprende!!!  At the rate the federal government is going, "Please press 9 for English.These people are BLATANT law breakers and should be JAILED and DEPORTED

The sequester took away education benefits to the Army, Marines and Air Force, but somehow increased education benefits to children of illegals.

He's btraking the law, send him home.

Think about all the controversial things Americans can't agree on, yet most people would rather these criminals just get sent home.If the majority of Americans favor straight out deportation why isn't it happening? Members of Congress are supposed to push for what their constituents want. Sounds like they aren't living up to their job description.

yeah, some are hard workers trying  like hell to get by...some are criminals, drug dealers, etc...but they are all illegal, and should be treated as such....

"among millions of illegal immigrants" who are breaking the law. Period.

What happens when they bring their parents up from Mexico to go on Social Security? Close the borders and make welfare people work.

As Arnold would say :  Hasta la Vista, baby.

Day Labor Immigrants,or illegals? The latter is more accurate. These people bring nothing but lawlessness

You think they are doing a job nobody wants to ? BS they are scamming off our country and need to get their #$%$ out of our country.Reuters now joins MSNBC in being a open propaganda organ of the Administration. America and the American people (Hispanic Americans included) are not responsible for the care and feeding of foreign nationals who come to this country illegally to reap the benefits.For every poor beleaguered scrap picker in AZ, there are ten enjoying free educations, social welfare, and medical care (through emergency rooms in public hospitals that have been overwhelmed with illegals). There are 3 billion other people on this earth with standards of living below that of Mexico that would love to jump borders too and will, given the incentive of amnesty masquerading as "comprehensive immigration reform" - a euphemism for the destruction of U.S. identity as a nation.

If you don't like your circumstances here, go home. In fact just go home, period.

anyone sensing the promotion of the "victim" mentality?  and, don't you just feel so sorry for those poor boys convicted to jail time for their crime of rape?  if you associate with liberals, you're standards of ethics and integrity are no better.

Let's see how happy they are when they get what they want and have to ask for an "American" wage and get passed over for the next wave of illegals.

Arizona residents need to go after the people hiring them. No jobs they will be forced to leave. Like bees to honey cut the supply off.

what will happen when we run out of money to feed all these criminals?think we will have our revolution led by illegals for not taking better care of them

Uphold the laws of this country.  They worked for my grandparents when they came here in 1898 from Germany!  Just say no to ILLEGAL ALIENS.  Why is it always Mexico at the center of attention?  They should be fixing the problems in their own country. While all the heat is on them thousands of Asian illegals are forced to work in steam and cream parlors across the country and ICE turns a blind eye to them.

What a joke.  They work under the table and get benefits from the taxpayers and all the while many Americans are trying to get by.  Demand that your Government stop this insanity.

Strange Mexicans are so touchy about Mexico but they don't want to go to Mexico live there and make their country better....

Can't wait to hear the whining sniveling from all those labor union members that will soon be replaced by illegal squatters that will work for 1/5 the pay (and likely work harder too). That's exactly what unions deserve for blindly voting for the Democrats that make it happen.If you want to contibute to our society then become legal. This #$%$ is really starting to #$%$ me off.

I'll bet they can't wait for reform. Unemployment benefits, Medicaid, Food Stamps, Child tax credits and earned income tax credits. I'd be chomping at the bit also if I was an illegal. Hoping for the largest entitlement surge in the history of America.

Wow, it's like these illegals expect amnesty even though they are here illegally, just like they expect food stamps and welfare.

The cover photo for this piece of propaganda just screams for a drive-by.  The filthy Democrats/liberals, and especially Obama, are destroying America for votes by allowing the masses of illegal #$%$ to remain within our borders.  Deport them all, and impeach our politicians.

Why does he have SIX kids? He's gathering and reselling trash and he has SIX kids. Is THIS what he saw for himself as a life when he was seventeen? How did he think he was going to feed SIX kids? I'm sorry, there's no excuse in this world for somebody pretending to be surprised about where children come from any more. He had NOTHING and decided to have SIX kids. And he thinks he's "doing the right thing"?

It is unfair to the thousands of Europeans, Africans, Indians, and Asians who have been waiting in line for a chance to become a U.S. citizen. The U.S. should absolutely NOT grant immunity to Mexicans and other illegal aliens. Everyone should wait in line. No line jumping! That'll get you stabbed or worse at Disney World. lol

"... and show them that you are doing the decent thing, said Aguilar, speaking in Spanish. "I am here in this country to contribute." Well, why don't you start by applying for citizenship the correct way, and learning English!

If you can't control your borders you don't have a country.

A former police sergeant in Ciudad Juarez, the Mexican industrial powerhouse south of El Paso, Texas, Aguilar fled to the United States after several fellow officers were snatched by drug cartel assassins. After crossing the U.S. border legally over a decade ago, he never left, joining a then-booming shadow workforce. In other words when things got tough he ran like a coward and imposed himself on U.S. taxpayers. The mexicans deserve no consideration, if they are too cowardly to care for the welfare of their own country what makes them of any trust to this country? First sign of trouble where to...Canada? But our government is now telling them not to worry their future is assured as long as the money(donations) keep coming.Thanks obama and dems and now thre repubs , now w/h/o/r/i/n/g for illegal dollars and votes.

Illegals are raping this country-speak up Americans!An American Immigrant is someone who Loves America and does things legally to live there and also obey the Law's and learns the Language thus become a beloved productive American Citizen.But there are Many whom don't understand this. (SAD) They believe People who come uninvited, Sneaky only to take advantage of True American Citizens Social Programs in the name of their self interests, Whom HATE American Citizens, are not smart enough to learn English, Whom at the first sign of trouble will RUN as fast as they can "BACK HOME" And Laugh at American Laws... and believe Me I could go on.... 'Think these people are immigrants'CAN YOU SEE THE DIFFERANCE?

The only reason illegals are in this country is because of GREED. The shop that I used to operate is now operated completley by illegals at less then half the wage of the workers whom were laid off.. yes there is now 8 hard working Americans on uinemployment because of this. I quit and went to work for myself rather then run a shop with illegal workers whom were taking an American families jobs away. All because the owner wanted to make an excessive profit. not that 30% was not enough, he wanted 50%...GRRRR

Pennies for those boxes... went for Beer and a Lotto ticket?

Look at the pic.  ALL of these guys, all of them, have families.  The first one they mention has six kids.  That means with the child tax credit, he gets a six thousand dollar credit.  IF he truly pays taxes.  Not to mention, all those kids are cared for by the government, fed by the same, and will grow up for free, basically.  Why do Americans tolerate this?  Because we are helpless to the hunger for votes of the simple-minded.  They might work for low wages, but the expenses of the breeders goes far higher than that.  They keep the budget in the red, because they get it from both directions, and lie and cheat to do it.  SEND THEM HOME.

Why are Hispanic and African nations so far behind the modern, developed world in accomplishments and contributions?

They know they are not wanted here, they know they are breaking the law in more than one way, why do they persist?  They should take that kind of tenacity back home.Fact is they lie, it is not tenacity, it is laziness and blind stupidity.  They don't care, a few crumbled up and carelessly kept receipts prove nothing but excuses and carlessness and lies

if they have green cards if they don't who cares they don't belong here

we need a holiday honoring benito juarz,,that will make them feel at home.

Make no mistake; the illegal aliens are not here because they love this country. They are here as economic invaders, and are loyal Mexican, Honduran, Costa Rican, Guatemalan etc. citizens. They do not see this as their country, and only care about what they can pry loose from our society. If they were really interested in becoming a USA Citizen, they would make the effort to apply, and get in the back of the line. We have a quota system for a reason, so as to not allow a flood of problems entering this country. A country that has no control of its borders is a poor excuse for calling itself a country. We might as well just call ourselves the World Public Parking Lot, where the whole world can just live off of our economy, and dam the poor, unemployed struggling American Citizens.

"Then came the backlash from anti-illegal immigration activists". Ah, those evil people who wanted to enforce the law. Mr. Gaynor, your beloved president's admin, when questioned about border safety, always site that they have deported more people than any admin.to all of you who keep bringing up the fact they take jobs that pay that little.see americans are smart enough not to work for that little.  americans cant live on that rage.kinda shows you how stupid illegals really are

Why does the media think we will bleed tears over a story like this.  A father of 6 breaks the law he is subject to being arrested.  There is no special bracket for "ILLEGAL".  You either are or you're not.  The laws we have are fine, but politicians are bleeding this dry for the Hispanic vote.  In the end the typical federal bureaucracy will occur and we will be where we are now; that is is we ever leave it.  And this man and others like him will suffer.  He thinks as soon as something is done in April or June he will walk up to immigrations and thats all she wrote - he'll be an American.  He'll shrug as he watches Obama and the politicians brag and nothing changes..

Stop the war on drugs and the problem would go away... it is the drug prohibitions that create the drug lords, and the criminals and that make it desirable for folks to get out of Mexico and to cross over here with the drugs they are selling in the US.  All this funds the violence here and there, and is just plain stupid.  Remember Al Capone?

DEPORT ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS! DEPORT OFTEN! DEPORT NOW!Los Angeles Homicides Since 2007:1,994 Hispanic Homicides1,241 Black Homicides460 White HomicidesThe cost of illegal immigrants to California.  The state of California spends an estimated $25 billion annually on illegal aliens including $11 billion on education; $3 billion on prisons, police, and courts; and $11 billion on medical services.  Pew research says there are 2,533,269 illegals in California. Each illegal immigrant costs the state of California $8605.00 per year.In 2000, among Hispanic mothers about 43% of all births were out-of-wedlock.As of 2010 food stamp recipients by race, freeloader awards:#2 Hispanics: 10% of the American population / 20% of the food stamp distribution (2:1 ratio)

American Construction workers OUT Of work-- Lopsing thier HOMES = DREAM - Using - 401 KS ============= Call senators -- NO Amnesty -- JAIL OWNERS

"He was arrested in a traffic stop in June when he was unable to produce a driver's license." Which means also was not insured which is another violation of law. If I don't have a drivers license or insurance I am not permitted to drive away. So how is it that this person in the country illegally (a former police officer no less) can be given a story by a news reporting group and yet not be detained by the authorities for violating at the very least three State and Federal laws if not more?

With any luck, immigration reform won't happen at all.

So many Mexican's coming across the border and I still can't get a good burrito.

Our Social Security system is in such a mess because these parasites ooze across the border and start leeching off of the system without ever having to have paid in.

americans tax payers  have become slaves to the rest of the world, our polititions give our money away faster than they can collect it ,, WAKE UP AMERICANS#$%$?  Why are these illegals even tolerated in our country?

Did you come here legally?  No?  You have broken the laws of this country.  Turn around and place your hands behind you.  (Cuffs applied)  Criminal alien returned to area outside of American border.  Next day...same criminal alien...Did you come here legally? No?   Bullet through the skull, body placed outside American border.  Criminal aliens see body and turn away from American border and return to where they came from.  Problem solved.

And it is stated that these temp. tax numbers enable them to reap huge tax returns claiming neices and nephews back in mexico!

Why doesn't MEXICO take care of their own citizens? Why doesn't their government do something for their own people. They have National Health Care and yet they continue to come here. It makes no sense whatsoever for the U.S. to pretend to be responsible and all this amnesty talk is ridiculous. If we pay one dime to a foreign citizen for their welfare or food or education, send Mexico, or any other country the BILL.

The majority don't want it!  Does this not count anymore in our country?

They still say Anti-immigration. Not "  Anti-illegal immigration " .... The word " illegal " is so avoided....  11 million illegal aliens .... They are not immigrants.  All they are is leeches on our healthcare system and law enforcement.

If our government keeps it up there will soon be an illegal immigration problem in Mexico.

mexican day labors HAHAHHAHHA you mean illegals , criminals

Aguilar has been driving around in a battered 20 year old pickup truck without a driver's license. Also without insurance most likely. He's been here 10 years and doesn't speak English. Neither do the other 11,000,000 illegals Obama wants to grant citizenship to.

Yea , here we have a criminal that is walking around free as a bird and your Federal Government turns their behinds to it. Hey Aquilar , that's probably not your real name , do you file a tax return to show you paid taxs on what you are stealing from me?If youre in this country illegally, You're a Criminal.

They really don't know what is in store for them.  They will go from $5.00 an hour under the table to $7.25 taxable income and will net less take home pay.  Plus they will have to get the mandated Obamacare.Since they will cost the employer more you will see less getting hired, the rest of them will go on unemployment or welfare being a bigger drag on the economy.

Get out of MY country..Filthy roaches.

No such thing as an illegal immigrant. If you come here legally then you're an immigrant. If you come here illegally, you're a criminal.

Mr. Aguilar: glad you're "working", but you've had 10 years to learn English, yet you spoke to the interviewer in Spanish. This would be a good start if you want to be a citizen.This is a large part of the problem and the backlash.

do not issue driver's licenses to undocumented aliens..

Propaganda . This story is designed to make you feel illegal immigration is ok, that these people deserve benefits and that they are "heroic".  This is what they are flooding the media with. The comments, on the other hand show us another version...

"For Arizona day laborers..."     Out of curiosity, if I broke into a small office building through a back window and slipped into somebody else' identity to sit down for a job interview...do I have a right to complain if the coffee tastes bad?

I "dream" of a US government that DOES NOT reward lawbreakers with amnesty.

And once Jesus becomes a citiizen he won't collect those boxes anymore. He will collect his welfare check instead. No to illegals! We have enough welfare receipients!One other thing Timmy, the reason congress has not sent anything to Obama is because Obama wants nothing to do tighter security. You are wrong in that assertion!

There ALREADY IS a pathway to citizenship.  It's called LEGAL immigration.

...said Aguilar...SPEAKING IN SPANISH...he's here ILLEGALLY, wants to benefit from "reform" (read AMNESTY) AND STILL CANNOT SPEAK THE LANGUAGE OF THE COUNTRY.  If  ILLEGALS like this are granted status WE'LL BE FORCED to learn SPANISH so as to "NOT DEPRIVE HIM OF HIS RIGHTS"!!!   Not to mention supporting his six rug rats and the rest of his extended families.

Welecome to Amerimexistan.

Deport them!

I've worked in restaurants and warehouses my whole life. While, I have many Hispanic American friends, there's no denying the flood of Mexicans coming to the U.S. makes it more difficult for Americans to get jobs. It's just too many for our economy to handle. It wouldn't be as bad if they didn't have 12 kids each.

Millions of Mexicans came to the US legally. It's not that hard. Go back and come through the front door.

You all want to round them up and send them home.  It's not that easy.  The reason they come here is because business owners love cheap labor.  It's not just Arizona.  Come to Virginia and I will show you the street corners where Illegals get picked up on a daily basis to go to work on construction sites.

I have a great idea.  If it is wrong to send them back why we don't we build a tunnel north just for illegals.  I wonder what the Canadians would do with them?

The ones here now claim all their kids in mexico on their taxes (if they file) and get thousands back when havent paid nearly that much in.. This is a F'ed up countrySo if I skim money out of my employer all the time for ten, fifteen years and never get caught, everything should be forgiven by virtue of not having been detected for so long.  SAME THING!!

If they think growing our economy with illiterate day laborers is a long term viable solution, they will be sorely disappointed.   We need more educated immigrants.

Just tells you how lost our government really is. Proposing that these folks will pay back taxes, fines and learn English is so unrealistic.

you know if we didnt  give them a reason to be here they wouldnt come ---put low risk convicts back to doing the farm  work and road maintaince like they did in the 40s and through the 60s --two things at once we get our crops and road work done and the convicts get a real punishment

give me a break...  why doesn't he learn english??  they are hear illegally...turn yourself in or go home and then get in line like everyone else...

LISTED BELOW are several of the arguments that have been used by misguided people to try and justify illegal immigration. Next to each is the reason why that argument has no merit.1) They are an economic necessity - Not true. The idea that a bunch of desperately poor, uneducated, unskilled, non-English speaking foreigners are an economic necessity is ludicrous. In fact, when you compare cost vs. benefit, it is obvious that they are not only NOT a necessity, they are not even an asset. Rather, they are a liability and a huge one at that.2) They do work Americans won’t do - Not true. They do work Americans won’t do for $7 an hour (especially if Americans can collect welfare and unemployment instead). Of course, if you got rid of the illegals, the jobs wouldn’t pay $7 an hour. The people who wanted the work done would have to pay a wage that was attractive enough to get Americans to do the work. And it might even be enough to get Americans off the unemployment and welfare dole and back into the taxpaying workforce!3) We benefit from all that “cheap” labor - This is nonsense. The only people who benefit from the cheap labor are the unscrupulous people who hire illegal immigrants. Taxpayers are left holding the bag. Ultimately, it is they who must pay to support all the Americans who have been put out of work by illegals and must also provide billions of dollars in services and benefits to the illegals themselves.4) They are just trying to make better lives - Aren’t we all? The difference is that most of us understand that we DO NOT have a right to acquire by illegal means those things that we find difficult to acquire by legal means. And we certainly don’t have the right to do it in a foreign country.5) It is impossible to round up and deport the illegals - We don’t have to. All we have to do is remove the incentives that brought them here in the first place. No jobs. No housing. No taxpayer financed services or benefits (including education). Once we remove the incentives that brought them here, they will leave on their own.6) Immigration control is racist / xenophobic - This is just another play of the race card by people who have no other cards to play. Immigration control is the world-wide status quo. There is nothing racist about it. Furthermore, the USA welcomes LEGAL immigrants of all races and ethnicities from all over the world who have gone through the legal immigration process. This is not just a bad argument, it is an attempt to create racial hatred and division.7) We are a nation of immigrants - This is the “BIG LIE”. The vast majority of Americans are native-born. I am not an immigrant. Nor were my parents. Nor were my grandparents. We are a nation that has, historically, allowed and even encouraged LEGAL immigration. And we continue to do so. The issue at hand is illegal immigration, which has nothing to do with legal immigration.8) They are people. We must treat them humanely - Yes &amp; yes. But lets not pretend like they are victims who were dragged here kicking and screaming against their will. Nothing could be further from the truth. They came of their own free will and for their own benefit and they broke the law to do it. PEOPLE SHOULD NOT BE REWARDED FOR BREAKING LAWS AND COMMITTING CRIMES. SENDING THEM HOME IS THE RIGHT THING TO DO. There is nothing “draconian” or “mean-spirited” about it.9) It is wrong to break up families- Yes. Unfortunately, families are often broken up by criminal activity. If you don’t believe it, just drop by any prison or jail on visiting day. We can’t keep families together if some family members choose to participate in criminal activity.10) They work &amp; contribute to our society - So do I. And if I break the law and commit crimes, I can expect to pay a penalty of some kind. Anything from a small fine to the death penalty. I do not receive a reward. WHY SHOULD WE TREAT FOREIGN CRIMINALS BETTER THAN OUR OWN CITIZENS?21 Replies

Every illegal should have to support one legal person that was born here if they get citizenship which they shouldn't but they will so one of you clowns needs to send me a check of say one hundred dollars every week for as long as I live. STARTING NOW!

americans need jobs too right monkeyman!!! where are they??guess monkeyman and his chimps lied again!

ANOTHER incredibly biased  article, getting so sick of it.

As I read these comments...I hear on the news channel in Dallas that three rapes have been committed in a week by a Mexican in the lake highlands area....this is why we want these Mexicans out of our country...these people are criminals....boot them out....now!Wow, my husband lost his job do to the Co. moving to Mexico. He did this type of electrical work for 20 + years. He couldn't find a job for 3 years, wish someone would have been as concerned about us, but that's the liberals for ya always sticking up for the wrong people.

They need to all go home and work on fixing Mexico.  After all, that is where thier allegiance remains.

Cry me a river go back to mexico and come here the way you are supposed to..... What a heart warming story....notttttt  ...

I never understood why we just never bought Mexico?.... It would make for a nice dumping ground for everything we don't want in this country....

"He's Latino, of Mexican descent," said Marcos Lopez, 32, who shares a two bedroom apartment with five other immigrants to enable him to support his family in Mexico. "He's forgotten that his parents and grandparents got here the same way we did, as immigrants."-------------------since when did Illegals became IMMIGRANTS?

"For Arizona day laborers, immigration reform can't come soon enough"No no no, the headline should read:For illegal aliens who exploit the system “amnesty” can’t come soon enough

Jesus Aguilar says speaking in Spanish. "I am here in this country to contribute." Contribute you say...? Where is your money going that you're making off recyclables?

Why is it that the Press can find all of these people and publicly tell their sob stories including where they live, but Obama's ICE officers just can't seem to find them???

By one federal government estimate, nearly a quarter of Arizona's unauthorized population fled in 2010, the year Brewer, a Republican, signed the state's immigration law.Isn't it remarkable that illegal immigrants WILL leave when they know the law is going to be enforced!

I STILL don't hear a word about eliminating the "anchor baby" provision and not much about actually SECURING THE BORDERS....Much of everything I do hear STILL sounds like amnesty to me...and in 20 years we will be in the SAME MESS again with ILLEGAL FOREIGN ALIEN RESIDENTS in the USA...." yeah, its like were criminals or something here.stop us from being criminals.we need your help to make us legal so we can keep your jobs legally homey."

If these people are so great and wonderful then why cant they change THEIR own country(ies)?

Go back to Mexico, apply for the proper documentation, get approved and then come back. Problem solved.

Why do "Working Girls" get arrested for the Same thing ?

So why do they have a picture of New York's day laborers?

The democrat party thrives off of the suffering of those they claim to be victims... LBGT and Illegals.....they are not victims!  Stop portraying them as such!

For Aguilar, 54, and a father of six....You know, I feel sorry for these people as much as the next person...but seriously...6 kids??? Not 1 or 2..... but 6!.....I wonder what the public education bill alone is for those 6 kids, not to mention any medical bills they have racked up and never had to pay.

Jesus Aquilar drives though the streets of Phoenix with no drivers licence no insurance buys a 12 pack of beer in the afternoon gets drunk and kills someone, skips bail and then decides living in Mexico might not be so bad after all. Marcos Lopez Lives with 5 other people so he can send money back to Mexico to finance more illegals to come here. Mean while the Mexican women do there part by dropping a new kid every year so the American tax payer can pay for there every need. You and I as taxpayers have less rights to government programs than these people that are here illegally! Reform absolutely not. Deportation of these criminals should be the only answer. If you disagree drive from your farm in pig stink Iowa or where ever else you live and stay a week in my neighborhood in Phoenix. You will have a different way of thinking before you leave.

May 5th join the march against immigration reform in Washington! Time to let the government know we the people do not want to reward illegal aliens with citizenship! Deport them all now! Not just the mexicans but all of the illegal aliens no matter what their country of origin!

If an illegal get a green card millions of kids and spouses can enter&lt; if they get citizenship then millions more of parents and siblings can enterno mexihole in the usa!All the rest of us want is presidential reform.

Don't be unhappy take your illegal azzes back to messico and take your anchor babies with you.

Joe D,What is preventing them from making a better life for themselves in Mexico, (their OWN country)? With the current, 11 to 20 million "illegal aliens", in this country, (depending on whose figures you listen to), that would be a formidable force to contend with if they went back to their OWN country and forced change!

So, we pay for his 6 kids school, medical care and probably other social programs. He pays no taxes to support municipal and state services and gets to use them.  The latino police officer is here legally and should be supported as he is doing his job. Because his parents came here legally he should overlook lawbreakers because they are mexican?

Looking at that picture, 25% of illegals wearing hats, wear them backwards and only 14% of them have an Obama phone.

First of all the writer gets a story from someone that is illegally here making him as bad if not worse because he is an American writer helping himself and helping subvert the American system. The Mexican who is here illegally may have a hardluck story but how does that TRUMP the same type of stories natual American s have? and why should his plight get Congress'a attenion at the expense of our own people?Lets look at the economical impact these people have had on our free market the way wall street might. They come here and do work for less money per hour, below the min wage standards our people as well as other legal immigrants have earned the hard way to improve for all of us to have the opportunity to live above the poverty line or better. Except because a lack of proper checks and balances were NOT in place some of our busniness decided to curcumvent those labor laws and cheat the labor market of supply and demand, keeping hourly wages down, lowering Americans and legal immigrated worker employment, cheating our tax systems in Fed and states. And the illegals wnat us to embrace them? While they may claim to file taxes we have no proof thats true and so what it cannot subtract all the other damage and rippled effects their illegal stautus has caused America. Wall street may not care they are making extra money off these people thru investments of projects that hire these illegals but I assure Congress and the illegals, the unemployed and working America does.Congress may embrace them as trojan hoses if they so wish, but we still have a system to deal with Congress sell outs by replacing them. Authors of piece's like this one also pander to those same illegals when they write an evocitive piece for the illegals benifit, until that same writer is replaced by one. Can't happen right Tim? Or will the Amnesty's handed out like candy at holloween prove that to be wrong?  But then we reward the cheaters on wallstreet, Congressional members who hire illegals, and now the illegals. The only people not getting rewarded is the hard working Americans.

"It's to show them that you are doing the impossible to survive ... and show them that you are doing the decent thing," said Aguilar, speaking in Spanish. "I am here in this country to contribute."Hey....GO HOME AND CONTRIBUTE!!! I hear the Economy is doing very well in Mexico now. Oh!......No free Food Stamps or welfare or Medicaid or housing allowance or real voters' rights in mexico?? Tough Sheeyit......thyen go back and help to change the sorry azzed government you have there. YOUR WELFARE is not my concern NOR IS THE RESPONSIBILITY TO PAY FOR IT. I don't CARE how long you have been here...you see, you came here ILLEGALLY. End of Story.

Have you noticed that the people fleeing to the united stateshave little or no job skills or education?That's why the mexican government is happy to see them go!They don't have to feed or house them or provide medical attention!

ARIZONA DON'T HIRE ILLEGALS IT'S AGAINST THE LAW!

I was born in Phoenix and lived there for 56 years of my 64 year old life. I went tot Carl Hayden High School. our neighborhood was about 50/50 then if fact we had a drive in with English speaking on one side and Spainish speaking on the other. (Acres of Fun on one side, Peso on the other)..You can look it up..Honestly we never had a problem.. Now, I can't even go back to see the house I called home for 18 years. We would run to Mexico all the time shopping and Rocky Point was the hot spot for fun. To go in that neighborhood now. you would need a 9mm..and AR-15 while riding in a Military Hummer mounted with a 50 cal. and a police escort.. The shops and stores are all painted with color box colors covered with graffiti and our America Flag has been replaced by the Mexican Flag. I moved to Mesa ..Gilbert and Main... 200 hundred or more day works line the streets of Mesa and if you stop for a red light they would come and beat on your windows, grab the door handles it was scary.. Again destory another nice neighborhood to rubble.. again the Mexico Flag flys high.. and nightly gun shots ring out everywhere.. No longer feeling safe.. I moved from Arizona..My parents and late husband are buried there.. my pass it there.. I have never felt save to go back.. They have shut down our ER rooms, because they were being used as doctor's offices so they didn't have to pay, While Americans laid in the hall ways with heart attacks while snotty nose kids took up the beds. My daughter was turned down for a state job because she was not bilingual.. I am bitter, angery, to see the government allow them to come in suck us tax payers dry, and then turn our country into the getto they left behind..  PS I have seen 3-4-5 families live together in a single dwelling, and send the money back to Mexico.. First Hand and Very Personal..My ancestors came here legally; they didn't sneak here in the middle of the night!  Also, if your family is here, are they illegal too?  Are your children anchor babies?  If you want to visit your family in Mexico-----GO &amp; stay there!  Unauthorized immigrants, you say, well I call them ILLEGAL.  How many times does this have to be said.  By self admission, he broke the law; so now he is a criminal.  Get the hell out.

DEPORT

Immigration should be as easy into the USA as it is into Mexico and immigrants should have the same rights.Before you vote on this check out the laws that are enforced in Mexico.

Well hopefully they bring their beheading skills to all the libs that want these law breakers here.

The title could also read, "For democrats needing voters, immigration reform cant come soon enough."  Oh wait, its Arizona, they don't even need to prove they are citizens, just sign and vote.

Look at the picture of the people stealing our jobs

Just one more pro-amnesty article from Reuters trying to "save the World with their pen".

Since when does a nation of 1/3 billion people need MORE immigrants??

"1. Poll: Legalizing Illegals Will Spur More ImmigrationMost Americans would prefer to send illegal immigrants back to their home countries rather than give them legal status in this country, a new poll reveals.The poll by Pulse Opinion Research also found that Americans largely believe that politicians who push for giving illegals a path to citizenship are “pandering” to Hispanic voters.In the survey of likely voters, divided fairly evenly among Republicans, Democrats, and persons of other affiliations, 52 percent said they wanted illegal immigrants to return to their home countries, while just 33 percent would like to see them receive legal status.But those who oppose legal status feel much more strongly about their position — 73 percent said they felt “very strongly” about that view, while just 35 percent of those who prefer legal status feel strongly about that.“One reason the public may prefer that illegals head home is a strong belief that efforts to enforce immigration laws have been inadequate,” according to Steven Camarota, director of research at the Center for Immigration Studies. He noted that 64 percent of respondents believe enforcement has been “too little,” compared to 10 percent who believe it has been “too much,” and 15 percent who said it is “just right.” The rest were unsure.The poll also found that 69 percent agree with the statement: “Giving legal status to illegal immigrants does not solve the problem because rewarding law breaking will only encourage more illegal immigration.” Only 26 percent disagree.Other results of the poll:Asked if they had confidence that immigration laws would be enforced after legalization, 70 percent of respondents said they were not confident. Fifty-three percent of respondents said they would be more likely to vote for a political party that supports enforcing immigration laws, compared to 32 percent who say they would support a party that backs legalizing illegals. Sixty percent believe that politicians who push for legalizing illegal immigrants are pandering to Hispanics to get votes, while just 25 percent think they are “generally concerned” about the immigrants. Twenty-three percent say America needs large numbers of immigrants to fill low-wage jobs because there aren’t enough citizens willing to do them, but nearly three times as many — 67 percent — say there are plenty of Americans willing to do those jobs if employers paid them more and treated them better." Or if they weren't already occupied by all spanish speaking workers.

My family came here legally in the late 1800's from Ireland. How about you?Arizona, fighting on mostly alone to keep Aguilar,Lopez and the millions of illegals like them from latching on to the American teet.

Get in your old Ford truck and get your #$%$ back to Mexico

What a load..."I am here in this country to contribute." Then why doesn't he have an application for citizenship? Or, why doesn't he speak English already? Where is his green card that allows him to work and drive?If you are reading this, and you are from Phoenix, go to Sheriff Joe's office and file a citizens comlait against Tim Gaynor, the wuthor of this thread, because he abetted an illegal criminal. If Jesus is driving and is illegal then he is doing so without a license, because Arizona doesn't issue licenses to illegals, and they don't validate the licenses of states that do. How was Jesus able to get plates for the truck. I bet there is at least four violations in that article.

Be prepared for 10 million new democrats if reform is passed....

I cannot even submit a federal form without the threat of being arrested and imprisoned for a felony if I falsify it, yet millions of illegal immigrants are allowed to falsely represent themselves as legal residents every day right under the nose of the federal government without any penalty whatsoever.

At the end of a day of driving around Phoenix in his battered Ford truck scavenging for boxes, Mexican day laborer Jesus Aquilar sells the load to a recycler for pennies a pound, and tosses the yellow receipt with others on his dashboard.Now that President Barack Obama and the U.S. Congress have begun a push for comprehensive immigration reform, he wants to ensure he will benefit. When the time comes - if it does - to apply for legal status, the stash of dog-eared receipts could be a paper trail to a hoped-for life out of the shadows.Go back to Mexico, you loser! Your kind is a slap in the face of those people who jumped through hoops to come here legally-----------including other Mexicans.

You can Start by Contributing E-N-G-L-I-S-H  !

As much as I am against illegal immigration, we have only ourselves to blame.  We elect self-serving politicians who don't care about the drain on social services that illegals cause to the taxpayers of this country.  These politicians, in turn, want to help big businesses with cheap labor who, in turn, make kickbacks to their reelection campaigns.  It's a never ending cycle.  It is Mr and Mrs American Taxpayer who ultimately pay for all the problems our politicians cause.  Term limits would cure this.  But, nobody wants to talk about that.

Of course he files a tax return each year, because the IRS will send him a refund for child tax credits. If doing the "right thing" was that important he wouldn't be here illegally.

poliyiyions are selling us out again for votes , dont think its what the majority of americans want , they havnt voted that way for yearsMore than half of all Americans want the illegals deported. But our crooked politicians and greedy big businessmen want what they want ,and could care less what America wants!

Democrats are pushing for amnesty because they want 10 million more democrats.  Not giving 2 chits about the horrible effects of such actions.You want to see what decades of unchecked liberalism gets you....look at Detroit...look at Califorinia....look at Greece.....

I thought we lived in a nation of laws, and here are our representatives deciding that breaking our laws is a good reason to become a citizen.  Is Washington that corrupt?

I don't feel sorry for this man, he is here illegally and does not deserve citizenship if he didn't come here legally. If the republicans vote for this bill they will assure democratic wins because the press will give the democrats all the praise. When will the republicans realize the press is not on their side.

The only "reform" the illegals need is to reform a line loading on busses to take them back south of the border.

Illegals get tuition assistance.....our troops do not.

What about deportation?.....They broke our laws and should be punished not rewardedAmerican belongs to americans and to those who enter our country legally.

why is Latin America's problems ours..?  we have political borders..

keep up the good work Sheriff Joe..

build the fence..This story tells you all you need to know about ENFORCEMENT of the current immigration laws. The CURRENT LAWS are NOT being enforced. There are MILLIONS of these day laborers standing on street countless corners throughout the country. If ANY enforcement was being done, they would be easily picked up and deported.This govt. is doing NOTHING to stop illegal immigration.

ILLEGAL! That is the word the Liberal Press is missing in this story.

"nearly a quarter of Arizona's unauthorized population fled in 2010" so has there been a 25% reduction in the budgets for education, law enforcement and social services? Have taxes decreased?

.....this country is going down the tubes, they might as well open up the borders and let all the a s s holes in.

here is a plan send the illegals back what the hell is so hard to understand

I bet the paper trail shows he's not paying taxes also....

If reporters can find these people so easily, why can't ICE?

Tears flowing down my cheeks and shorting out my keyboard.  Tears of laughter.  You choose to come here and the system has allowed you to stay even after being arrested. This only makes the case for deportation stronger.  Go back and fix your country.  Stop draining ours.  Who supports the famiies of the cardboard crusader?  EBT, Medical, School Districts.  Thats the taxpayers, who are legal, either thru birth or citizenship, being forced to pay for this guy's choices.  A former police officer from Mexico, should have enough cartel connections to live comfortably.

Why is  this government so bound and determined to Make the American people pay the Medical bills, Buy there groceries,  pay there light bills,  Send them to collage, furnish them spending money and the freedom of stealing anything else in benefits  they might need,  When they don't furnish any of those thing to the American people, We should not only deport the illegals we should deport our government right along with them.

The democrats have tapped in to a resource that is going to keep them in control for a long time,illegal immigrants. Unions are also jumping on the band wagon for obvious reasons. Somewhere down the road there is going to be trouble.Why do you have six freaking kids when you have no money? Let's get American taxpayers to  pay for them............that's a good idea.

"Day Laborers"....another term used to describe unskilled people who committed the crime of entering into this country illegally. Criminals, every one of them.

annex mexico...kick out all criminal mexicans...force them down to central and south america...send all of our criminal africans back to africa...decent people would be welcome...BUT---if you're here ILLEGALLY, then you're already a criminal and you've already told us that you have no respect for our laws...

importing poverty everyday, don't we have low enough wages and enough unemployment?

i do not hire them ! they they are taking our jobs from AMERICAN people . they DO NOT HIRE BLACK AMERICANS AT ALL EVEN IN THEIR COMPANYS EAST OR WEST OF THE MIGHTY MISSISSIPPI RIVER and THEY WILL NOT HIRE WHITES EITHER . so why do u generation y people hire them ?

Go back!  we dont want you here...

Time to shut the doors to all Immigrants and let the farmers go broke.

just send them all home and we will see our economy improve in savings in food stamps, etc

#$%$ the mexcian reform send there #$%$ backand give the usa there jobs back

Father of 6 kids ?. What little taxes he pays doesn't come close to what he and millions like him take out. Out of control breeding habits will catapult Hispanics into the majority some day, rRegardless of their ability to feed them . I have no sympathy for irresponsible people like the ones who are about to recieve amnesty.How soon can a bus come along and drag all your #$%$ back across the border?!?!

Let's call it what it is: The campaign donations from the Agriculture and Service industries are starting to pay off........

My ancestor, from Ireland, came during the civil war. From the boat, he was immediately placed into the Union army. He fought for his life. Boy how things have changed.

Our government relied on using farm workers as an excuse for a long time. But now that most farming is performed with machinery, they're now telling us we need them to expand our economy, to strengthen SS and Medicare. They forget that we are on the ground floor watching illegals pull out EBT cards and getting hired by dirty employers.

Over the last year and a half, I have seen a huge change in the comments on these types of articles. Our government likes to mislead the general public into thinking that legal U.S. citizens are happy to have illegals here and that they are a huge part of our economic growth.   That is a huge lie! Lately I have seen more people commenting about how much they do not want reform, they do not want the illegals here, and how no one is buying into their BS sob stories, their BS "We were or are all illegal immigrants at one point", their BS "we own this land and you stole it", etc... I am not a person who will be PC, who will be butthurt by them calling me racists, bigot, or any other name, it does not phase me. I would say about 99%+ of the comments on these articles are against illegal immigration(and his is only one forum), which shows me how many legal citizens are sick of it and ready to fight back. I am glad that the legal citizens are not buying into their BS and our government's BS!

My nephew, a software engineer is on hard times too. His first two jobs were outsourced and he was replaced by an H1V visa worker at his last job. Looked and looked and even willing to relocate can't secure a job in his field. His savings expended he looked for work in the restaurant field willing to work in the kitchen or as a busboy, for that's about the only jobs available here. Each time, the restaurant hired an illegal instead. So he went to a day labor camp one day and was literally chased away by the illegals. Several had knives and one had a gun. Funny how no journalist seems to ever reveal what's really happening to our youngsters.

Here's part of the problem. There is no criminal law against being here illegally. It's a civil violation. In other words, no punishment more than a jaywalker.

When will folks get it? BOTH parties represent big commerce. BOTH have their sneaky little ways to keep the cheap labor flowing. Tax credits to offshore are bad enough, given that it's never spoken of, but both parties really reveal themselves with this issue.

READ the headline! Of course it can't...that's when all the freebies start!

6 kids = at least $60,000.00 per year for educating plus medical plus food stamps plus plus plus.  How is he contributing again?The saddest part of it is Thousands of people from all over the world who come to America LEGALLY and become citizens are being spit upon by this administration and the 11 million criminals that think they deserve special treatment because they managed to sneak into this country by climbing or digging a hole under a fence or wading across the Rio grande river. OH such hardship for these people. if they had any respect for America they would come here the RIGHT way instead of screwing other Immigrants and American citizens out of jobs,public benefits and OUR TAX MONEY IN GENERAL!!!

Do you think these day laborers are going to be allowed to hang out at the Lowes and work for cash when immigration goes through?  Hmmmm- I don't think so.

People the main word here is alien,b be it illegal or legal , most likely illegal and the paprs are likely fake also enough is enough they are draining our welfare system ,our medicare system ,and now OUR SSI is being given to them , send them home.

I find it amazing that the people pushing for immigration "reform" consistently fail to make a distinction between legal and illegal immigration.  The illegal immigrant interviewed for this story assumed that the Hispanic law enforcement officer "got here the same way as he did".  That is a big assumption.  Perhaps the police officer, having a respect for our laws, came here legally- like most of my relatives.  This distinction is important, but no matter how many times this concern is brought up, NO advocate of "reform" has even attempted to answer it.  I am a strong advocate of immigration, but I'm against illegal immigration.  Just like I'm for buying things on the free market, but I'm against illegal theft and robbery.  I have a strong respect for our laws and feel an organized society cannot be had with people deciding which laws they will comply with and which they will obey.  If everyone only obeyed the laws they wanted to, it would be chaos and anarchy.  So please, ilegal immigrants, explain someone with no respect for our laws should be welcomed with open arms (and please do not again repeat that we are a nation of immigrants, we are a nation of LEGAL immigrants)?

Yes, I can see them scampering to pay the taxes they owe and the fines for coming here illegally, paying for their health care and going to the back of the 11 million person line to become legal, all while making babies they don't support. Yes, I can see that, not.

Then they can be arrested for illegal gathering and a hazard to the flow of traffic!......This will void their path way to citizenship and be deported!....There is always another way of looking at things!

Yep - More undocumented demorats  !

Being here illegally for several years doesn't earn you anything.

Wrote by a bleeding heart liberal.....

Hey I bet Mexico would like to have them back. Oh wait they dont thats why they are here!If most countries are invaded, the invaders may be shot or imprisioned or at the least earn everything they need. Not be given free services on the back of hard working taxpayers.

The slums and barrios are already coming to America. You can't transplant a failed culture that destroys everything it touches and expect the results to be different. South America like much of the rest of the world is a dump because of the ignorant shortsightedness of it's people.

Here is an interesting tidbit from a story on another news site, about furloughs at the USDA for meat inspectors:But while the administration prepares to take that step, it continues to pursue a "partnership" with the Mexican government to "raise awareness" about food stamps among immigrants from that country. When a top Senate Republican proposed cutting off funds for that program last week -- in the form of an amendment to a budget resolution -- Democrats on the Budget Committee shot it down.

I dont feel sorry for them.They could stay home and make money if they wanted to.Their here for all the benifits they can get for nothing.They know their ILLEGAL to begin with.Deportation is the only way to go.Help us fight against ILLEGALS.Call, e-mail, twitte,facebook,r or what ever you can do to your congress people and dont let up.Worry them to death to get this stopped.

W.... T.....F have we come to..

Illegal is illegal. When I did illegal things, they put me in prison for 2 years. Nobody ever mentioned making what I did ok. It's still illegal now.

unless we expend a rediculous amount of resources, a truely secure border is impossible. the best we can do is enforce it within reason and target known problem areas.

Illegals are not immigrants; they are criminals and should be treated as such.

LEARN ENGLISH...

Notice how ZerObama does not want to punish the children of illegals for the wrong doings of their parents . . . . buthe and his StormTrooper Attorney General have no problems punishing the children of the South for the wrong doings of their parents. How lopsided . . . .???Feel sorry for Mr. Aguilar, but I feel sorrier for the many American citizens, who speak English and whose allegiance is to the USA, who are in the same shape or worse than his situation . . . and they have no borders to jump to improve their situation. . . so, tough sheet.

stand your ground arizona , dont allow obama to get his way ,illegals always talk about how they are suffering but never thinking how the american people are sufering because of them, maybe try moving back home and force your government to change the country like your doing here in the usa

"A father of six"where do they go to school?When they get sick where do they go to get help?Are they all on assistence?Your tax money pays for what he does not.

What if we did this to Mexico we all hiding in the shadows? uhmmm

I have an idea, since Colorado allows Marijuana but is restricting guns, let's sell it to Mexico and use the money to deport all of the illegals. We can then use leftovers to buy Alberta, and Saskatchewan from Canada and sell Detroit to it.

Amnesty and/or a special path to citizenship for illegal aliens is a slap in the face to all citizens and legal immigrants.

Yes his grandparents may have come from Mexico but they did not do it illegally!  What part of that do people not understand?

Good. Let them dwindle. All the way back home.

Mexicans are really ugly and pathetic people.

This is so pathetic, and it is such a joke for pay back taxes. Are you kidding me, they not even have to pay back taxes, these 11 milion people will be getting from US government for the refunds and credits. Shoot for middle figure, each one get 5k( for EIC, Child tax credit, etc) that will amount to $55,000,000,000 no kidding. if each one get more than $5000, then you do the math.   Sad, Sad, Sad.Citizens, it doesn't matter what we think.  We'll get punished for obeying the law and they'll get rewarded for breaking the law.

We call our local Walmart the Alamo, because it is over run with mexicans.

Supporting day laborers is supporting illegal immigration.  Do not provide them the incentive to cross the border.  It is time that we cease all immigration from Latin American countries.  Having a latino majority in the US in ten years is NOT a good thing.  Revise the 14th Amendment to end the influx of anchor babies.

"At the end of a day of driving around Phoenix in his battered Ford truck scavenging for boxes, Mexican day laborer Jesus Aquilar sells the load to a recycler for pennies a pound, and tosses the yellow receipt with others on his dashboard." So, THIS is the illegal alien American Dream, eh? Soon Jesus will demand the Government to form a "Union for Cardboard Scrappers". I BEG any American with a conscience to just shoot me where I stand! !PLEASE! Ole'!

Every working American should just quit working now and receive welfare then what? The filthy rich and all of hollywood have so many writeoffs they never pay their share of taxes.. rappers are trying to get writeoffs for making it rain in topless clubs

self check out machines are replacing cashiers and Americans are being replaced by illegals. while there is not enough work for AMERICAN citizens just flood our country with Illegals.. PS IDIOTS in government the word illegal means they ain't supposed to be here

If the reporter knows where this guy is he ought to report him to authorities and kick his butt back to Mexico. No sympathy here for illegals.

Regardless of the posturing, the 11 million or so illegals here, you still have to get to the end of the line. Nothing substantial will happen here, you can't reward breaking a country's laws. This is a quagmire unfortanately!

Propaganda.

any one working and paying their fare share of taxes FED&gt; &amp; STATE are ok fine Its illegals that's what's wrong. All the people waiting in line do not deserve line cutters.First off his is NOT A DAY LABORER HE IS A CRIMINAL....  Illegal immegrants are CRIMINALS they BROKE THE LAW!!!!  Don't care if he lives in fear.  I live in fear every day that obama is going to take more and more of my hard earned money and give it away to criminals for free housing, wellfare, foodstamps, phones and on and on and on and on.......  Stop acting like they are not the problem.  They are criminals that is what happens when you break the law.

If we started deporting them and they seen we were serious they would run back across the border on thier own , remember what happened in Alabama with the school system checking for illegals , they fled the state and were gone or hiding till they felt safe to leave , then the liberals jumped in saying it was unlawful of thier rights , well liberals stay out of the way illegals dont have rights here

WELFARE --------------------------------2 ------------------Work

if they enlist and serve - they can get citizenship the easy way and become amercians..

pictures don't tell you nothing.  who knows,  maybe they are enjoying some pot.

We need government reform, not immigration reform. Secure the border then enforce current immigration laws.

what would  illegal immigrants from south of the border have to offer the u.s that they would'nt give to their own country? they obviously are not faithful to mexico or they would have stayed to make their country better, theirs plenty of work that needs to be done in mexico, clean up their political system arrest and kick out all corrupt politicians with deep pockets.education reform, tougher laws

I feel SO sorry for the illegals that I am willing to go to work everyday and give them my money! boohoo boohoo.Go home you dang bums! Term limits NOW!!

instead of giving our tax dollars by the millions to countries that hate us how about using it for something good like rounding up illegals and deporting

If the laws would have been structered properly 20 years ago we wouldn't be in this mess! Ohbama is just going to make it worse!!!It isn't this country that needs reform, it is Mexico. Just a few rich families control all the wealth and jobs, and if you don't love them you get no job.

as soon as an amnesty is granted then another 11 million will stream across expecting the same.

Aguilar has been here for ten years and still doesn't speak English?

More day laborers where they came from.

why can Yahoo never do a story on elderly Americans going hungty, or homeless US soldiers, it is always illegal alien heart tugging stories, they can go home if it is so bad here, our people have no where to go as they are home and their own gov does not give a #$%$ aboout them

This country was built upon immigration  and I have absolutely no problem with others wanting to come here so long as I am not forcibly enslaved thru the tax/welfare system in order to pay for it. The government does not enforce the immigration laws which are already on the books and a reform of those laws will change absolutely nothing aside from the amount of productive civil citizens wealth going into an increasingly deep sea of freeloaders.

"Aguilar is among millions of illegal immigrants at the sharp end of a daily battle for survival on the margins of American society..."==========================Awwww, poor baby.  Is life too hard in the US for people that have broken our Federal law by being here?  Then feel free to move back to your own country.  We won't miss you.

Sitting on a guard rail seems el stupido

This Article is supposed to make meFeel Sorry for this GuyIt didn't work Yahoo!

"It's to show them that you are doing the decent thing," said Aguilar, speaking in Spanish.  Sorry. Aguilar, but the "decent thing" to do was to come here legally or stay the hell out. Nothing you do now will change that. The only decent thing you can do right now is to LEAVE the US. We have no jobs for you.The article doesn't say where he getting his money to drive that truck around and that cardboard wouldn't even pay for the gas let alone the insurance and maintenance

Okay, so most of us, left and right, agree granting illegals amnesty is a bad idea, then why are our representatives doing it anyway??? Call and email your reps in Congress and let them know!

why was he not arrested for being here illegally? ie breaking our laws??????

so they will qualify for unemployment.  great tax drain for nothing.

Here. Ponder this!:By Junius P. LongFood For ThoughtIf you can get arrested for hunting or fishing without a license, but not for being in the country illegally ...you might live in a country founded by geniuses but run by idiots.If you have to get your parents’ permission to go on a field trip or take an aspirin in school, but not to get an abortion ... you might live in a country founded by geniuses but run by idiots.If the only school curriculum allowed to explain how we got here is evolution, but the government stops a $15 million construction project to keep a rare spider from evolving to extinction ... you might live in a country founded by geniuses but run by idiots.If you have to show identification to board an airplane, cash a check, buy liquor or check out a library book, but not to vote who runs the government ... you might live in a country founded by geniuses but run by idiots.If the government wants to ban stable, law-abiding citizens from owning gun magazines with more than ten rounds, but gives 20 F-16 fighter jets to the crazy new leaders in Egypt ... you might live in a country founded by geniuses but run by idiots.If, in the largest city, you can buy two 16-ounce sodas, but not a 24-ounce soda because 24-ounces of a sugary drink might make you fat ... you might live in a country founded by geniuses but run by idiots.If an 80-year-old woman can be stripped searched by the TSA but a woman in a hijab is only subject to having her neck and head searched ... you might live in a country founded by geniuses but run by idiots.If a seven year old boy can be thrown out of school for saying his teacher is "cute," but hosting a sexual exploration or diversity class in grade school is perfectly acceptable ... you might live in a country founded by geniuses but run by idiots.If your government believes that the best way to eradicate trillions of dollars of debt is to spend trillions more ... you might live in a country founded by geniuses but run by idiots.If children are forcibly removed from parents who discipline them with spankings while children of addicts are left in filth and drug infested “homes”... you might live in a country founded by geniuses but run by idiots.If hard work and success are met with higher taxes and more government intrusion, while not working is rewarded with EBT cards, WIC checks, Medicaid, subsidized housing and free cell phones ... you might live in a country founded by geniuses but run by idiots.If the government's plan for getting people back to work is to incentivize NOT working with 99 weeks of unemployment checks and no requirement to prove they applied but can’t find work ... you might live in a country founded by geniuses but run by idiots.If being stripped of the ability to defend yourself makes you more "safe" according to the government ... you might live in a country founded by geniuses but run by idiots.

The government is practicing domestic terrorism while the media, social terrorism.

"said Aguilar, speaking in Spanish. "I am here in this country to contribute."...yea, sure you are, according to the international bank institute, over 30 BILLION dollars made in the US was sent out of the country by ILLEGALS to their "home countries" in 2011....

Day laborer? NO! Illegal alien, dumpster diver, driving around Phoenix, without a license (Arizona law), in a raggedy old, unsafe, probably uninsured, Ford pick up, is a more accurate description......

Those sure don't look like Americans to me. Illegal aliens are not Arizona day laborers if they're not legally eligible to work here. DUH!

"They say we come here and take their jobs, but it's quite the opposite," he said, retrieving boxes from a reeking dumpster. "We go out to work whatever the conditions, under the sun or in the freezing cold."This guy is an idiot. You can bet that if they get amnesty, they won't be doing those jobs anymore.Everyone just wants to live a normal prosperous life but there are coubtries, there are boarder and there are laws for a reason. If they do not want to follow the laws to come here they should ALL be deported and if caught a second time deported in a C-130 then told to get out over their homeland.Come legal or stay home stop driving down the wages in the United States.

The end of social security and the destruction of American jobs! Who voted for this guy?Oh ya more Dem votes in 16

I'm tired of hearing that Americans won't work. Somehow our work got done before the invasion, it was done by AMERICAN CITIZENS...who are still wanting their jobs back. The problem is, we weren't accutomed to living 20 to a two bedroom apartment.We have bills, liabilities, we have to pay taxes, car insurance, and health insurance- unlike the illegals. If we could drop all those responsibilities by saying "no speaka eenglaise"...we too could and WOULD work for 8 bucks an hour.

Jesus was told before he arrived here that American's are stupid and that Democrats would make sure he was well taken care of.  The proof of that is the gigantic increase of freebies in food stamps, free health care, welfare, SSI and voting roles of illegals.

Ther is the legal way to become an American citizen, as for jobs yes they will do jobs that American will not do,but not because of the job but because of the pay. They DO lower wages, pefect example was the people who use to hang drywall in southern ca. in the 1970's and how the contractors were able to use the mexican drywallers to lower wages, only thing was once they all became mexican they then held a strike to increase their wages and joined a union. google it it is in the la times.

These people are here to take away jobs and/or rob the welfare system.  They don't have any allegance to America.  They've turned their backs on the own countries and only wish to plunder ours. These are nothing more than Illegal foreign invaders. I wish the media would stop trying to romanticize these invaders.

Our illustrous "leaders" of both parties now want to roll out another red carpet as Reagan did granting them all amnesty. With unemployment, realistically at 18%, it's time for laws to criminalize these illegals. Did you know that being here is merely a civil violation, like jaywalking? No wonder they hold no fear. And I'll bet the judge does NOT deport him. Yet he is still driving around with no license or insurance as they do here in Florida, causing OUR rates to increase.

we all just might calling the usa the new mexcioi only have one thing to say to obamahay obama go #$%$ your self u are a big #$%$ looserand congress are rite behind you.it is a no wonder why the white man is leavening the usa

The Mexican government needs to fix their own problems we have enough of our own. Deport all of them its costing us too much money and jobs.

Getting them OUT of the country can't come soon enough !!!The guy only makes $50 a day and has a family of six.  Once he is legal he will pay taxes because it is the right thing to do?  Yea, right, he would not owe any taxes but would be entitled to earned income credit, food stamps, Medicaid and a free Cell Phone.

steals the boxes from the stores recycle bins files taxes for 2000 dollars a kid from the earnrd income credit and goes to protests waving a mexican flag

If all these poor, ignorant, thug raising illegals would go back to their beloved countries, we would not need to do anything.  Just get the hell out and solve the problem.  They will always be a burden, draining resources and causing problems.  If they do not/did not go through the immigration process, they have NO rights here or to be here.

Aren't these the folks the Republicans are now pandering to?

And I am so sick of people making excuses for the litter of kids they keep having here. The ones for illegal immigration, always say that is their culture to have big families. Well that is great, now you have chosen to live in a different culture illegally, so go back home and make all the babies you, don't do it here!  We don't feel sorry for you!

Obama wants a law that Mexicans can break? Well, I want a law I can break.

Deport each and every last one of the filthy brown tresspasers!

your government is selling you out as you sit idle by. GOOD JOB AMERICANS. you deserve it

If you are here to contribute, you have started the wrong way. Show us you can do the right thing the right way. Leave, get a VISA then come back.

He could show his desire to contribute by learning and speaking only English outside his home, for starters.Oh wah wah give me a break! the poor guy has to dig out boxes. It does not tell how the rest f his family milks the welfare system, among other free things we give there ILLEGAL children like free college. Nobody gave a #$%$ when the mexicans came over and underbid my jobs and put me out of business. I say pack your damn bags and go home and go through the same process as other people have, and quit expecting a free ride!

Unskilled workers are a drain not a contribution to any advanced civilization. Hate to break it to you Obama voting, knuckledragging trailer/ghetto trash but you are not the "salt of the earth" hero working class you think you are. You consume more than you produce.

6 kids.......therein lies the story.  Obama and his merry band of libturds still don't quite get it.

6 kids.. that should bring him a nice healthy check from the IRS due to the earned income tax credit for low wage earners, just another benefit our country bestoes on ilegals

The men are working for cash, their women are collecting food stamps, in government housing,  and on medicaid...............Mexicans think the United States citizens are fools......

Day laborers get paid cash, they pay no taxes............Most won't work for less then $12.00 per hour either........

This article is a perfect example of how out of touch the media is with the American people. We know who the media serves. We arent stupid.

A decade in the country, his family is here, six kids, no drivers license, violating our laws and still speaking in spanish. Yea baby, let's make him a voting citizen. We should start deporting our politicians along with them.

Only in Arizona can an uneducated, non English speaking illegal alien threaten the jobs of it's citizens.  America is better off deporting Arizoniamese to Alaska for being incredibly useless and easily replaceable.

I live in a apartment complex there is 4 illegals here pregenant right now and this is a small complex"He wants to ensure HE will BENEFIT."   That one statement in the article is indicative of the illegals' whole mindset!

If the leader of a country is an illegal alien, why would he not welcome others?

Where's the border patrol when ya need'em - Sorry - I forgot that they were ordered to stand down  !

Definition of stupidity - liberals.

They don't follow the rules now. Why will they follow more rules? They break the law now. They'll break the law later. They don't want to pay what it costs now. Why will they pay later? They have already proven that they will damn well do whatever suits them, whether there's a law against it or not. But somehow, one segment of our population thinks that things will be different simply because they want it to be so. Fools. And the leader of the fools campaigned on that premise and they continue to ignore the fact that he's been proven wrong. Damn fools.

The best and most efficient immigration reform would be to enforce the immigration laws we already have

I'm sure as he's driving around town....he's fully insured....while I may empathize, I certainly have no sympathy for these colonizers.

These illegal mexican are slick and full of dogchit. Play with them if you want to, when they take over we will look like a fool.  i watched them take over los angeles.  now los angeles look like tiajuana mexico.  everything they do is low level, downtown los angeles looks like a chithole because of them and their non english speaking butts. They are for whatever they can steal or take from the american taxpayers.

Hey, you want reform?  The best reform is shipping their illegal butts back to Mexico.  What part of I-L-L-E-G-A-L don't these liberals understand?

THEY ARE HERE ILLEGALLY!!! Jesus folks - they are criminals.... ANYONE who feels for these folks are idiots. I read this and my blood pressure rises KNOWING they KNEW whole heartedly they crossed that border illegally - and you TRULY think NObama and those stupid Dems are actually going to enforce ANY law after the bill is signed?!??! Please.....You'd think the author of this piece's teeth would fall out from the sheer shock of uttering this POS article.  In his own words:  "he wants to ensure he will benefit".  What kind of people force themselves on others who don't want them and then complain about how badly they're treated?  What kind of people keep documentation intended to show they are of value, and do it to ensure they benefit?  Undocumented immigrant my eyeball.  They're illegal aliens and they are breaking the law and WE DON'T WANT THEM.  Been here ten years?  Tough.

Sheriff Arpaio for President. Governor Jan Brewer for Head of Department of Homeland Security.

"A father of six"   tha'ts why you are broke idiot!Keep your snake out of the hoes and maybe you will start to get ahead!

Throw the criminals a]s]s out!    How can he be driving?

Be sure to take a good close look at the picture below the headline for this article. You notice anything? What would happen if a car hit that rail? This is a very common scene in Arizona and El Paso now. Get used to it folks!

Let's say there are 50k gold bars in Fort Knox. Can fifty thousand of us just turn up one day take one each and not get in trouble? Because that is what they are saying.Here you want REAL immigration reform? Go firebomb their welcome centers in your city.

Kosher media pushes: "People of Color"  Does that sound like a term of unity for all, or just some?  Does it sound inclusive or combative? (Us against them) Sound like they're trying to heal racial strife or cause it?   ANSWER:  It's all Kosher code language meaning "it's all our peoples against the evil White man. We have a moral right to destroy them" ....You see, they never intended to bring people together in harmony. That was never the intention. The real intention was to weaken us, guilt us, and ultimately destroy us. It's obvious. And now each year, they will get more aggressive, more upiddy, and yes more violent. Each year it will get worse until they don't even pretend they want "racial harmony." They won't even bother lying anymore. It'll just be a jungle by then.

ATTENTION ICE OFFICIALS:  There is a guy named Jesus Aquilar living in the Pheonix area that is a known illegal immigrant.  You can find him at one of the local paper recycling plants driving a Ford truck illegally since he can't legally get a AZ license.  Please do your job....PLEASE!

It seems the illegal's either want Sympathy from us citizens,or trying to justify working in the U.S. Illegally by this paper trail.Besides this country doesn't need these illegals to make this country Great again!Nor do we want them here,whether in English or spanish,just what part of We Don't Want You Here! Doesn't these illegals Understand?

Immigration reform? There is NO need,...Hey Latinos, why not APPLY for citizenship or even Residency like MILLIONS OF OTHERS HAVE BEFORE YOU???What I am looking forward too is that if they get this amnesty, and will be FORCED to pay taxes, they will; STILL get the low paying jobs and now get even LESS because they will have to pay the IRS and Uncle SAM taxes to 'take care of all the poor unfortunates'...lol" Pay fines, back taxes, learn English and wait in line."  Nothing wrong with that, is there?  PS:  at an average 1/2c per pound, I don't know how he manages to put gas in his truck.

No, you are wrong. Aguilar is one of MILLIONS waiting to have enough of whatever processes our crooked politicians come up with to apply for and recieve food stamps and assistance and low income housing so he can go on picking up junk and working under the table for cash so he and his family are on the public dole for a lifetime i...THATS ALL !!!!

B.S.

If mexican food is so great how come almost all Mexicans are fat, short, stocky...and butt ugly

All I see in that pic is: TARGET PRACTICE!

["He's Latino, of Mexican descent," said Marcos Lopez, 32, who shares a two bedroom apartment with five other immigrants to enable him to support his family in Mexico. "He's forgotten that his parents and grandparents got here the same way we did, as immigrants."]They most likely came to the U.S. LEGALLY Marcos. Now you and your little amigos take your sorry butts back across the border and fix your own country.

What a fluff piece.  This guy is a criminal and should be prosecuted like one.If we're not going to enforce the law, then why don't we all simply stop paying taxes?

And how many taxes have you paid=0!And how many free emergency room visits have you enjoyed?Your kids get free school and foodyou occupy 1/3 of our prisonsAmnesty is madness. USA is already Northern Mexico-no need to accelerate!ILLEGAL IS ILLEGAL

I don't care about their poor Pedro stories.

Pew Centers for Hispanic studies recent report is profound.  It shows that about 30% of illegals eligible now under the Obamnesty are taking that path.  The remainder overwhelming state 2 reasons for not doing so:  Dislike of having to pay taxes and concerns that becoming citizens will strip them of freebies and entitlements.The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, fourth edition (DSM IV-TR), defines antisocialpersonality disorder (in Axis II Cluster B)as:[1]A) There is a pervasive pattern of disregard for and violation of the rightsof others ... as indicated by three or more of the following:1.failure to conform to social norms with respect to lawful behaviors as indicated byrepeatedly performing acts that are grounds for arrest;2.deception, as indicated by repeatedly lying, use of aliases,or conning others for personal profit or pleasure;3.impulsiveness or failure to plan ahead;4.irritability and aggressiveness, as indicated by repeated physical fights or assaults;5.reckless disregard for safety of self or others;6.consistent irresponsibility, as indicated by repeated failure to sustain consistentwork behavior or honor financial obligations;7.lack of remorse, as indicated by being indifferent to or rationalizing having hurt, mistreated, or stolen from another.That Hope and Change is REALLY  improving the country, ain't it?this story just confirms the need to stop illegal immigrants....they said they have been here for years, why didn't they start the process then, they could have been legal by now....and making 150. a day would be great pay for citizens who needed a job, but employers, don't hire when they can pay under the table, with no taxes....and benifits.  Driving with no license or insurance..a legal citizen would be in big trouble...what did he use for license plates, did he steal them...??  bottom line is, yes, they are hard working family people, but this country can't afford more handouts...we can't even take care of our own...why is this so hard, is it only to get more votes ??  it certainly isn't helping legal citizens who are below poverty, to watch illegals getting off scott free....and while I'm at it...children born in the USA to an illegal mother, is also illegal....no exceptions.

mexico don't want these people back  , thats why they don't do anything at the border to stop them

Who cares about Jorge or Jesus, they are here illegally, kick them out now as they are already sucking us dry. Our nation is breaking their own laws on immigration deportation. Time for them to be forced out....My kids don't need to compete with Mexican nationals in the US...our country is all about hurting the citizens now...while rewarding the greedy corporations and illegal immigrants..Time for revolution....

Come to Mesa everyone and look at East Mesa and compare it to West Mesa/Downtown and tell me the difference between the 2, LOL

what angers me about this entire debate are those demanding we make the border secure.   this is an issue that the GOP failed to embrace or execute during their watch, but now they somehow hold this president to a higher standard, exagerate the hatred toward him and further drive in the wedges that are preventing progress.  We need more comprehensive understanding and compassion and that forcast looks gloomy.

If legalizing illegals is such a good idea, why does NO other country do it??

Great immigration policy changes.  Don't restrict immigration to people with professions or skills who could take care of themselves and help make the country better.  Oh no.  We need an influx of yard maintenance people who have been schooled on how to get food stamps since they were in Mexico.

The headline is a joke as is the following sob story.  The benefit for illegals is citizenship status to draw more entitlement and to vote for those who will dish it out.  Any future taxes recovered will be minimal as day laborers won't readily want to be a W-2 employee and will continue to be paid in cash.  All the granting of citizenship accomplishes is creating an even greater welfare pool.

The 11 million illegals here today are NOT the problem, and should not be the focus.  We have plenty of good options to deal with them.The problem is the NEXT 11 million illegals that will come here in the future, and end up in the shadows because the system is broken.  If we don't fix the system, it really doesn't matter what we do with current illegals, does it?  Better to do nothing and keep the current crop in the shadows than to do something pointless and end up with 11 million more in the shadows.

When buying votes, its OK to let them stay." driving around Phoenix in his battered Ford truck scavenging for boxes, Mexican day laborer Jesus Aquilar"And if this scofflaw gets in a wreck who pays!

1 ? for the masses............How is this Aguilar fellow, supporting 6 kids by recycling cardboard boxes?

15 Mil -- illegals =============HIGH ------------HEALTH ---------- CARE - $$ - sENATORS

Let's see... "Jose" has been here 10 years, and STILL doesn't speak English?  My grandfather came over (LEGALLLY) from Italy and the VERY FIRST thing he did was learn English because, as he said:  I don't expect them to speak Italian to me when I'm in their country.  This is my home now, I'll learn their language".  True story.  No sympathy from me for any of them who come here illegally.

100 Senators ? BUSINESS Paying illegals CASH - No Taxes --- But -- We pay -- APRIL 15 ---------------------------------------------SEND --- ICE --- BACK --- Going to Job Sites - DEPORT illegals ---------------LAIL OWNERS

They may not be murderers, but they are still criminals.

Tax time for illegals is like the lottery. They know how to work the system! They right off lots of dependents and get huge tax return checks for way more than they paid in and don't have to show proof for any of them! More American taxpaying citizens money down the toilet. When you add up all the taxes YOU pay for the year, four months of hard work are taken by Taxes.

i have 2 kids cant afford more, how can he afford 6?  Hmm somethings wrong with this picture.

Call your Congressmen; support H.R. 140 (Birthright Citizenship Act) and H.R. 830 (SAVE Act), the only immigration reform necessary.

Does the USA really need 12 million illegal aliens (criminals by it's very nature) to disrupt American society? Let's allow the educated and skilled workforce in, not people who have ZERO education. We have machines that pick peppers in 2013...ILLEGAL.....enough said

Interesting how the 'progressive' Reuters journalist frames this: 'he was arrested when he was unable to produce a license'... he is driving illegally without a license or insurance.

sorry,I dont believe this story.

Funny that they think just because the cop is Hispanic he should take their side and ignore the law. I salute the officer for enforcing the law he swore to uphold as an american.

I do not feel sorry this person at all, he been in this country for ten years and hasn't learn English along with being stop no driver license which mean no insurance. Now if I was stop having no driver license or insurance my car would of been take by the police and I would of been on my way to jail. Explain to me why he wasn't just let go to keep driving with no insurance or license, yes he is a illegals and we must not hurt their feeling.The people steal, lie and never use their real name we shouldn't be rewarding them they belong in jail and than ship back to the countries they came from period. My government has turn me against illegals because they treat them better than their own citizens, Stop helping them and they will leave but both parties want them here now for they are looking for votes and after all you do not need to prove you are a citizens to vote, so what good does it do me to be a citizens when non citizens get what ever they want. Special interest group control our government and if you are not a minority than you have no rights. The people don't really like American and want to change this country to be like the cesspool they came from.

I am tired of hearing about the illegals getting lousy pay.. come to my state and see  how much money they are making in construction work and they do not pay taxes.  The work sites need to be shut down becuase they hire the illegals.  Why should they make 1500 / week when we have so many people out of work.  I say round them up, ship them out.  When they apply properly, then they should be granted a visa to come here and work permit, until then I consider them like thieves in the night crossing illegally into a country they do not belong in and using up resources that would be better spent on American taxpayers.

awww...the poor ILLEGAL workers. They are too lazy to go through the process, but not to lazy to learn how to scam the system.  Another agenda based hack article.

What a load of 'promotional' #$%$ from Yahoo and Reuters, yet again! Illegal is ILLEGAL. Deport them all and let them come back and try it LEGALLY if you must! If this latest amnesty effort is made into a Bill and passed, you can kiss America goodbye! We already have so many 'low-information voters' out there that voted for Obama - yea, let's add another 15 million!

Biased reporting my yahoo again...

I, (Rebel_Rob), do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against ALL ENEMIES FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; and that I will obey the orders of the President of the United States and the orders of the officers appointed over me, according to regulations and the Uniform Code of Military Justice. So help me God.Mr. Agular...did it ever occur to you to go back to Mexico to "contribute"?

I wonder how anxious to work the illegals will be, once they become legal.....seems like a recipe for disaster to me!!  one man hadn't seen his family in 10 yrs; I doubt he or they are still interested....

Bull S(h)it. I was personally involved in a case of my employee and his killing a 17 year old girl and her 15 month old baby son. Only to find out AFTER the FACT his documents were fake . Don't beleive me google Raphael Camargo , Crawford County, Arkansas. He got the death sentence only to have it overturned on the claim he is mentally #$%$ ( because they say no sane man could do this). He worked for me for 3 years and was not mentally #$%$. So don't preach to me you liberals and hispanic's how there is no harm here. 2 American citizens died from a shotgun wound 1 shot to each because of this illegal immigrant monster born and bred in MEXICO. Had they caught him at the border these two living souls would be with us right now but NOOO He killed them and now gets a life of support in prison.( a 40-year-old Arkansas inmate twice sentenced to die for theOct. 31, 1994, shooting deaths of a woman and her 15-month-old son wasremoved from death row because of mental retardation.A federal judge revoked Raphael Camargo's death sentence and sentenced himto life in prison Aug. 12. Previously, the Arkansas attorney general'soffice and Camargo's federal public defenders reached an agreement whereinhe would be declared mentally #$%$ and spend the rest of his life inprison in exchange for dropping all appeals of his case.Besides claiming he was mentally #$%$, Camargo's attorneys alsoentered into his appeals a ruling earlier this year from the InternationalCourt of Justice in The Hague, Netherlands. That court said the U.S.violated the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations by not informingCamargo and 51 other Mexican nationals imprisoned in the United States, oftheir right to contact the Mexican consuL)  Read carefully in exchange to drop all appeals he gets life, the poor girl and baby didn't get even one appeal.

Kick the trash out. They have absolutely no right to citizenship here.

F'n liberal media.  Why can't they print all the crime stats and how much every illegal sucks off the system and drains our resources.  How many file fake claims in taxes, SS, Welfare, food stamps?  Why aren't they throwing those #'s out there?  Because if they did, there would be a witch hunt by sunset for every ch!tstain in this Country Illegally.

GTFO, STFO, and #$%$ with your complaints and false accusations of "rights violations". You illegal trash piles HAVE no rights and are a cancer on our society, and a drain on our resources. You all consume, and give nothing back like every other democrat on earth.

"Speaking in Spanish" BARF! Learn English, and don't turn the US into a third world toilet like where you came from.

There are already procedures in place for foreigners who wish to become US citizens, and those who come from OVERSEAS follow the procedures.  Why should "walk-ins" have a different set of requirements?

He files for taxes to get his HUGE refund!!!! Mexican illegals are filing with a dozen children as deductions. We give refunds for "dependants" living in Mexico!!!! They get thousands back with the way our tax forms give earned income credit money on top of "paid in " taxes. That money, (our tax money) is then sent to Mexico. Isnt that special.

Wait until their offspring join and expand the Mexican gangs.  A financial burden producing more criminalsSecure our borders, free assault rifles and ammunition to every legal citizen living within 50 miles of the border with Meheeco!

Reading this article sickened me. The arguments made, mostly by an illegal alien dodging the law ,are false. The US has laws that allow foreign workers to enter legally. The article's subject states he struggles to survive, then why is he here? He picks up $50 recycling on days he can't make more. Wow! I'm not seeing the struggle. He claims his family is here. If so why isn't he legal. (I know..  stupid question.)Over half of Americans want all illegal aliens deported. The other half don't understand how illegal immigration drives down wages, drives up crime, overburdens social systems and increases taxes.Congress and the President only want to represent Big Business because it stands to make billions with substandard wages, no  worker benefits, and unregulated work environments. Big Unions just want to refill their membership rolls with workers who will quickly become dissatisfied with poor labor conditions they actually created.Don't get me started on Big Unions. Those fat cats in Washington lost touch with their members long ago. They have set their salaries at the same level as multimillion dollar company executives even though the only money they turn is off the backs of the workers they no longer represent.Dammit people, at least send a hand written letter to your Congressman,  the postage might save your mailman's job after Congress destroyed the USPS's ability to turn a profit.

The US has very High Poverty Today? Who is going to FIX Us??? They need to stop Breeding more misery in our World?

Round them up and send them home!!!

So......this guy is 54, no visible means of support, yet he has six kids?    Great, just great.

hell lets ban weapons in america supply weapons to muslims and allow 11 million law breaking ILLEGAL MEXICANS continue to break the law suck up goverment resources and stay, thats how f___cked up washington and our president has gotten,

Yall wont have to survive for long, we will put 11 million more on the welfare system to finally crash this country very rapidly.. Thats odumas dream

If our government has the resources and ability to kick down the doors of someone for smoking a joint in their living room, hurting no one, they certainly have the ability to go after illegals. It's all a matter of priorities, campaign donations. Commerce rules. There's probably not one hotel in Florida who hires Americans in the BOH now.

"Back to Africa, Back to Mexico!"

ICE needs to concentrate where these roaches hang out (like Home Depot parking lots).  If that were done the illegal alien infestation would be reduced in a heartbeat.blame obama.

The same people who want more gun registrations, limits on the size of sodas we drink, etc. give a great big pass to illegal criminals that invade our country.  Amazing.  Just for potential votes since most of those illegal aliens will need to suckle from government's teat.

We need to take care of our own people first, which we're not even remotely doing due to politicians not caring and putting the people of Mexico over the American citizens

What are the chances of this happening?--provided they pay fines, back taxes, learn EnglishI say none!

"More than half of U.S. citizens believe most unauthorized immigrants should be deported, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll " So why don't the politicians listen?

Before Obama talk about reform how and what is the plan to get this ppl trained and working and off the system? That is very important. You can be a contributor if ur taking tax dollars in entitlements and u haven't of cant put back.  I wld NOT support any reform that does NOT address this issue

Good points, all of the comments. Common sense tells us{average LEGAL citizen] the problems they create, unfortunatly, COMMON SENSE stops well short of Washington!!

This guy could do the same #$%$ in Mexico....lets send him back where he belongs!

I never realized cardboard sold for so much.

Rand Paul now says he'd give citizenship to these illegals.  Wasn't Paul the right wingers choice at CPAC just two days ago?Ever go to the walmart and see five or sex 4 ft 11 hispanic guys pushing the one cart and the one wife with 8 kids that are ages 30 days old, 1,2,3,4,6,7,8, in the other and they always seem to have the best food steaks all the good stuff and when they check out here comes the welfare card paid for by US Citizens.

I dont see where hes doing anything different than a lot of Americans. Plenty of citizens living on the edge doing whatever they can to survive including scrapping cardboard &amp; cans. He wonders what waits for him in Mexico should he be deported? I hear theyre looking for a few "good" cops! Go fight for your country like were doing for ours!

AGUUUlars on the fringe of society??? OH BOO HOO HOO. Take a number!!! Better still, GO HOME!!!!!

There was a time in this country when americans felt they were too good to do day labor.  That's what opened the door for the illegals. Migrant farm workers were have been used for ever and no one had a problem with that. In fact, if you ask people today, most are still ok with them.  As long as we continue to hire them, they will keep coming.   PERIOD!!!!

"'It's to show them that you are doing the impossible to survive ... and show them that you are doing the decent thing," said Aguilar, speaking in Spanish. "I am here in this country to contribute.'"Learn English first; that'll be your first contribution.

no amnest period...never.

For the rest of us, Deportation can not come fast enough

Just talking about immigration reform encourages these jerks to stay here.

If the politicians and media continue to be hellbent on doing the exact opposite of what the overwhelming majority of legal Americans are saying, perhaps Americans should start telling our politicians that we want illegals to move to the head of the immigration line and get freebies while waiting to get the empty suits in Washington to do the opposite.

Lets reward them for breaking our lawGreat message we are sending interested illegal border crossers in Mexico.

Tim, you should take a trip to south Georgia and then write a story about them driving around in new cars, with fine clothes, jewelry, dragging around a string of kids (each worth about $800 per month), and shopping with their welfare ebt cards. They and none of their offspring will never work again,

At least they are willing to work. Millons of able US adults are sitting in public housing, taking, saying it's their right to not work. On the other hand, 6 kids? He gets a ton of "refund" tax dollars for each one, plus free medical, food, clothes.

Filthy, Filthy dirty! If you go into one the many huge illegal immigrant slums that have sprung up since the 1986 amnesty here in  California you will not believe your eyes how dirty the people who live there are. They blatantly trash up any neighborhood where they live. I am talking unbelievable filth. If you haven't seen some of these areas you can not begin to believe how bad the problem is.Vast areas of once beautiful California have been turned into third world squalor and trashed beyond belief. Ugly, Ugly, Ugly! Come and see for yourself. Come see! You wont believe your eyes. Amnesty will not solve this problem. Amnesty only makes it worse. Amnesty only leads to another amnesty. We can never have another amnesty. The country could not withstand another amnesty. The crime and the costs associated with illegal immigrants is beyond outrageous. Yet somehow Obama will tell us it is a good thing for these illegal immigrants to stay and you should pay for the costs.

Here's an idea. Go home and work in your own country. We don't need more ignorant people who are "day laborers" because they can't plan more than 1 day at a time. Keep your garbage culture south of the border if you come here learn English and become an American.

Go home and come here legally. No gray area. You broke the law. Legal immigrants take an oath to follow the law. You should go to jail but we're giving you a break and letting you go home without even being arrested. You can still come back IF YOU DO IT LEGALLY!!! If you're here legally, do the best you can and if you need help, ask for it. Why is this such a difficult concept to grasp?

Our goverment needs to find a way to support their new friends with out using our tax money!!!! We the people are speaking out and what our goverment is doing is wrong!!!!!!!!!  on so many levels. Uphold our laws!!!!! We the american people of these united states should be able to  vote on weather or not we want these illegal people here,taking our jobs,it's one thing to want to learn another language it's another when you have to just to keep your job. They came here wanting a better life . Well in this country we speak english. They should have the respect for us and the country they claim they want to be  their new country to learn it!!!!!!!!!!

Right, they want to suck up the few jobs available, legally.

After Republicans lost the election They did a chameleon change of colors suddenly they are not conservatives but doing everything illegal to get Hispanic votes...tsk tsk

Want to see what happens when you legalize mehicans?  Look at the horrible state of Commiefornia's economy......They are flooded with mehicans....'EVERYONE' be-sure to c0py all of the'RACIST-TEA-PARTY' (Aka: RACIST-REPUBLICAN) p0st from here.To your computers to be re-p0sted again (places like(F) aceb00k),about 6 million times as proof of the,'TEA-PARTY (Aka: REPUBLICAN) - ( KKK )  Racism.Just like in 2012.

Imagine what this country would look like if China was where Canada is and did not control the border. If only five percent of a billion people wanted in we would have 50 million illegal chinese...that would really #$%$ off the mexicans.

Punch up "illegal mexican/chief of police/anchorage alaska"thats right an illegal mexican made it to alaska,worked as a bus driver until he got a job on the police force,after six years on the force he was going to be made chief of police in anchorage.Then they did a background check.

So now the correct term for illegal in Arizona is "day laborer". Does this mean they are only here illegally during the day and go back to mexico at night? His paper trail should only be used to see how long he has been here illegally before we ship him home.

Not following laws is why Mexico is such a sheethole and they are bringing that same mentality here... thanks to Barry and his crack team!

Whites in the U.S. need to fight back. You have let illegals take away your kid's jobs. Why do you whites hate your own kind?

Enforce not reform!!! Enforce not reform!!!! the immigration law.

First of all, Aguilar, and those like him---if you are here " to contribute," try a vasectomy, as we don't need more illegals. You can barely provide for yourself and having 6 kids to raise in poverty is just senseless and irresponsible! They become a financial burden to American taxpayers , otherwise, and is unfair. Next, I doubt where you came from is any worse that being in US,or any better, for that matter---just go back home.

I feel for their plight, and Yahoo picked their "interviews" carefully.....for every "Jose", there are a thousand "Jose's" who DON'T pay their taxes, and leach off of our society.  That being said, we still have laws, and if you entered this country illegally, or "legally" and then STAYED (which is of course, still ILLEGAL), then you must pack up and leave, and enter the country the correct way, like everybody else.

I guess now people in Phoenix can drive into a Home Depot without getting bombarded by the illegal looking for work.  The businesses will be able to take down the portable "johns" and garbage cans (which had to be put up because of the illegal "messing" in public), and the beer runs at the local convenience stores will go down.  These people are just political pawns.  Neither Obama, nor any other dumbacrap, gives a s&amp;%t about them.America is the cause for Mexico's povertyYeah right tell me another story

"Obama wants Congress to send him a bill tightening border security and giving many of the 11 million unauthorized immigrants like Aguilar a shot at citizenship, provided they pay fines, back taxes, learn English and wait in line."A) President Obama has no interest in tightening border security.B) Any barriers to citizenship will be watered down, selectively enforced, or ignored by the Obama administration.

Bet you anything this guy is driving around with no insurance.

This country of OURS does not need immigration reform. It needs immigration ENFORCEMENT.

Hey Oblahma, Yayhoo found another illegal immigrant you're not deporting.  He has six kids that are bleeding our social programs dry...enforce the law and send him and his kids back to Mexico.  He should have thought about the consequences of having six kids before he started laying all that pipe!

Whats worse is the united states department of agriculture is sending commercials to mexico about u.s. Food stamps and if mexicans go to the u.s. They can have food stamps.  un#$%$ real.  we gotta vote out these ignorant democrats in 2014. The people of this country have so much power but they don't know or they are scared to do anything.  we do have the power and we need to use it now not later.

"It's to show them that you are doing the impossible to survive ... and show them that you are doing the decent thing," said Aguilar, speaking in Spanish. "I am here in this country to contribute."Sounds like our Government saying, "I am here to help you." Or Obama saying we can keep the Health Insurance we have and the PREMIUMS will decrease...yeah , good luck with that. Or, his "shovel ready jobs that weren't so shovel ready" spoken with a grin and a smirk. Guess what, Aguilar "speaking in Spanish"...we don't need or WANT your phricking "contribution". We have enough ENTITLEMENT moochers NOW!!! Contribute by going HOME and applying for LEGAL ENTRY.

Nothing makes me more angry than an illegal immigrant whom walks around proclaiming their illegal status and nothing happens. If any American walked around proclaiming that they had just committed a crime, guess what? They'd be punished. I guess I had the wrong assumption that the punishment for illegally entering a country would be getting sent home.

Provided they pay fines, back taxes, learn English and wait in line. Who truly believes this #$%$! Their are here because this administration wants their vote.

Shoot them all and toss them back over the fence!In other news, for bank robbers, bank-robber amnesty can't come soon enough. (They're tired of living in the shadows.)

There is no more sympathy for illegal aliens who do not respect the USA. This is more Obama Spin from the Whitehouse.

Again, Mexico needs to Fix its self. Just because Mexico has high poverty does not mean its the US's fault.

The Comprehinsive reform" this lawbreaker wants is an open border...no taxes...&amp; not having to follow the law!  Mexico needs to get itself under control, not to mention this country!  We need to secure the border &amp; enforce the law...!

I'm wondering how shocked the Yahoo people are that the comments are about 99% against the invasion.lol

Why do we want these "day laborers"?  Their working conditions clearly do not come close to Democrat Party public positions on jobs.  If you have witnessed construction and landscaping work, you have seen these untrained day laborers do substandard work.

If congress pushes an amnesty law down our throats, it could be the breaking point. Illegal is illegal.

The ironic part of this story is how quickly it passed over the fact that an illegal was arrested for driving without a license - i bet he also did not have insurance - This is illegal and against the laws of the country he said he wants to be a part of. He came on a visit visa 10 years ago and stayed here illegally instead of applying for a work visa.If all states became just like arizona then the illegal problems would be fixed and foreigners would apply through the imigration offices to come here legally.

Want to contribute? Go back home, come back legally, go through all the agonizing bureaucratic steps and become a citizen..

For felons in prison release day cannot be soon enough.  Being illegal sucks.There are people being slaughtered in their own countries who are not asking for asylum here, and these people want citizenship.  Get in line.  Our government is partially responsible, but people cant sneak in here and expect privileges.

Some of the day laborers demand that you pay them so much a day which is crazy. I feel for them but this is not a USA problem it's a ?exico problem by not paying their people a decent salary. It all starts at home and this new Mexican president should raise their minimum wage according to cost of living. Mexico is in need of a major reformation a spring cleaning of all corrupted officials would leave plenty of money for doing just that. A good livable salary in mexico. That way they would not have to come over here and be separated from their families.

It is so terrible that our laws have so inconveninced them. How can we make it up to them?

I look at America but I don't see Americans

STOP ---------------------Work ---------- Visas ---------------------We need Our Jobs ---- Senators

With way things are progressing, English is going to be second language in another 10 years if not sooner, as I already feel like I am a foreigner in this country and most people who read this article will agree. California has gone haywire. People who violate laws should not be rewarded with freebies and that's exactly the democrats and some GOP-ers are doing now. And these politicians keep telling us the same thing over and over again "pay a fine, pay back taxes, learn English"...These things never will happen. What will really happen is these illegal immigrants will get refunds on taxes that they never paid and there won't be a fine either or the fine will be financed by a new scheme from the govt and ultimately will be written off (thanks to stupid tax payer like me) and you can forget about them leanring English because English will become a rarity in most of the union in the next 10 years and will disappear in the next 25 years. We all will be blabbering like Sofia Vergara.

HIGH -- GAS - $$$ --- POLLUTION -------------15 mil illegals -- Jail owners

For bank robbers, getaway car can't come soon enough.

i hope americans would come together and protest this ridiculous thing they call immigration reform!

Close the White house to Americans. Stop funding for American soldiers to go to school.  Prosecute Americans that break our laws. Pay for ILLEGAL immigrants to go to school. Give amnesty to ILLEGAL immigrants for breaking our laws.Anyone ever see day labors standing around? They leave trash all over and urinate right there on the street! Send them all to the White House for a month and see how they like it!

Don't like the way things are being done in the USA....GO HOME!!

These are Mexico's best and brightest?

illegal is illegal...against the law.......what else needs to be said ?  except maybe..."bye"

Any time they find a place where these so called "day labors" are loitering, round them up and throw the illegal criminals in prison at hard rock busting labor for a few dozen years.

to apply for legal status, the stash of dog-eared receipts could be a paper trail to a hoped-for life out of the shadows.  And as you all know anyone will be able to buy dog-eared receipts at the Mexican flea market if in fact that's all the documentation you'll need.

I could not even read this complete story.  The more I read the more angry I became.  You want to come here and contribute! Then do it through the proper channels!  Learn the language!  There isn't another country in the world that would change their way of life to suit Americans.  Why should we?  I hear all the time we are a nation of immigrants.  Yes that is true but when those immigrants came here, they learn the language and became citizens.  In the words of the Australian PM, "If you don't like our laws, go back to where you came from!"  I'm not heartless but I am tired of hearing about the poor illegals not being treated fairly!  Illegal is illega!

IF the cartels were cleared from Mexico and thecorrupt govt was overturned would Mexicans want to return to Mexico?I think the US Govt should bring our troops home, send them into Mexico to clear the cartels and gangs and demand every Mexican return to their homes! Mexico would OWE us whatever it costs to clear the corruption fromt heir country!

I'm sure many unemployed Americans would love to have been making $150 a day. And how dare that mean Joe Arpaio do his job by enforcing the law.

The criminals in the shadow government have tried to convince us that a group of 19 amateur terrorists led by a dialysis patient in a cave, outsmarted the multi-trillion dollar US military machine and managed to murder 3,000 people in 2001. This included rigging 3 huge skyscrapers for demolition under the noses of the security company and the occupants. These same criminals have told us that we had to invade and occupy Afghanistan at a cost of tens of billions of dollars per year in order to fight a few dozen “terrorists” hiding there. We are told that they are able to locate and kill “terrorists” in a huge foreign landmass that includes all of Afghanistan and parts of Pakistan. They told us that we had to fund the “Department of Homeland Security” to the tune of billions per year to keep track of terrorist threats to the “homeland”. Now these same people are telling us that they were unable to prevent the illegal entry and to locate and deport between 10 and 20 million people who have been living for years inside the “homeland”. As usual, the real agenda is something that they don’t talk about. In America, banks and corporations rule. This time their goals are cheap labor and cannon fodder.it looks like this congress is trying to sell us out on immigration and the 2nd A, i believe this congress should be known as the JUDAS congress, .... and all for 12 pieces of silver. ???

The American Polls shows that 99% of Americans wants our Government to start enforcing our Federal Law on Immigration; Section 274 felony under the federal Immigration and Nationality Act INA 274A(a)(1)(A). Encouraging &amp; Harboring Illegal Aliens: It's an felony for to help each illegal in our country.

The answer to "immigration reform" for illegal Mexicans lies in Mexico City, not Washington DC. Apparently Mexico, which so many people who tout the importance of la familia, has no interest in seeing to her own.  It should be shameful that so many Mexicans are so desperate to come to the US.

OH so we are suppose to feel sorry for an illegal immigrant??? Why? Do it the right way or GET OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Imagine if you will,  we had a Government that actually did the job we put them in office to do - NOT the Mexicans vote,  OUR vote,  the citizens that are here in this country legally.  Both sides of my family can be traced back to the beginning of America and it offends me that I have to say I am here legally.  This is MY Country !!!!!  Hell I have a President  who's family can't even be traced back in history as far as mine in America.  If we REALLY want to be technical about it - this Country is actually owned by Indians who us white people stole it from.  That's not the issue here though.  If our F'ed up Government would forcibly remove every single illegal,  OMG - can you imagine how much better our economy would be ??!!!

Hummmmm.. do illegal immigrants pay their taxes???

$150 a day is more than a LOT of people born and raised here make and yes, they too work hard to earn their wages. And their earnings are spent in the U.S. - not sent to another country.

.Let’s have all the illegals move into the White House and see how the politicians like it.

America is toast if they force shamnesty down the peoples throat. We now have leaders who no longer listen to the will of people. If laws have no meaning then why have any laws ? Foreign nationals can't wait until our politicians betray it's citizens.

This catch and release program is ridiculous. The immigrants who arrived in the US and obtained citizenship or have a legal status whose children are denied the benefits of the government are very different from those who are here and are taken into custody and "await" going before a judge and working for $150 a day, been here 10 years and still speak Spanish. But what about the greedy employers who hired these folks and kept them here? What a mess!Americans need proof of healthcare, back ground checks to have 2 nd amendment rights. ID cards. Illegals can't even read the constitution and vote for the very democrats that take rights from Americans

Joe Arpaio, you are my hero.

Guess he forgets that the cop is doing his job, stay off the streets and dont litter. I have seen the areas where these guys congregate,  looks like a trash dump.  The cop has a job to do, if he doesnt enforce the laws, he will be in line with you looking for work.

get them the hell out. there are no laws for them. all the government wants are votes not what the american people want. i'm so sick of paying for them

half of americans want to deport illegals the other half is f#$%ing ret@rded

They need to go back to Mexico or where they came from.  We don't need them.

The irony of the Hispanic officer telling the illegals to get off of the streets is that HIS grandparents came here legally.  Ask any LEGAL Hispanic what they want done with the illegals and they'll tell you the same thing all Americans are saying.  Come here legally, support yourselves, pay your taxes, learn English and get off the American Taxpayers back.

Funny how these articles no longer call these people what they are: ILLEGAL ALIENS. This writer calls them Immigrant Day Laborers, Mexican Day Laborer, Unauthorized Immigrants. At least the word Illegal Immigration is mentioned. Overall it reads like another poor sob story about Illegals having a hard time in this country.Why don't they write stories about the people waiting in their countries to migrate here Legally. How do they feel waiting for years while up to 40 Million Illegal Aliens here, demand a path to citizenship. How about the LEGAL Immigrants that had to jump through hoops to make it here LEGALLY, why don't they ask and write how they feel?Way too much air time on spanish TV and way to many articles like this one, showing how these law breakers are supposed to be suffering, because the majority of the people in this country, do not agree with Illegal Immigration.Every American citizen should say NO to any type of Amnesty and demand enforcement. Our voices need to be heard loud and clear in Washington.

I wonder if the guy who "dutifully"  files his taxes every year gets back more than he paid via the Earned Income Credit.Very touching stories but how do we handle illegal immigration in the future when all 11 million current illegals are given green cards / citizenship ?

I bet they cant wait  - if it passes they can stay home all day and collect welfare checks and make babies   no more driving around all day in the barrio with the homies collecting pop cansSo he has no drivers license and obviously no insurance. If you have an accident with this cockroach YOU are screwed. How long has he been in this country and STILL speaks spanish? I bet all his cockroach kids do to and we have to hire bilingual teachers and pay for other benefits so he can stay here. Please, my heart DOES NOT bleed for these #$%$.

They broke the LAW. They broke the LAW. If I steal a Big Mack, I get a year in jail. The system stinks.

Amazing coming out of the shadows . You mean cowards non speaking English cowards. They all need to go back and take there children with them. Come correct and welcome. Do not be a COWARD hiding in the shadows.

END WHITE GENOCIDE!Flooding ---EVERY--AND--ONLY---White countries with millions of non-Whites then force integrating them into white society IS white genocide.Anti-Racist is a code for Anti-White.

Why must we call them "Day Laboror's"... isn't "wet-back" good enough? btw, What the hell is an "unauthorized immigrant"? Come here LEGALLY or don't come here at all. ALL of the jobs you're taking used to belong to OUR young people. Now they belong to your sorry butts for one/third the wage.

Interesting that back in the 1980's the laborers that built houses and more in Phoenix were all caucasions, soon they ALL were replaced by Mexicans that could not speak English.   Then you could drive down Bell Rd, go to any Home Depot and see 100's+ illegals hanging around waiting for pickup trucks to come by and pick them up for day work.....cash only paid.   The American landscapers were replaced by illegals who got and still get paid in cash.   Many of those illegals get paid in cash....so they pay and still pay no taxes, but use the medical facilities for free, and they get food stamps, education and more services.    We are told they do the work Americans won't, could it be they replaced them for lower pay and in cash?   How many will still only work for cash and get away with it while getting the benefits that are being paid for by taxpayers.     In reading the story, its only telling you one thing.....not the real cost of it all, not all here illegally want to "contribute", but they know they will get it free.....become citizens and then vote only one way.......democrat.   Lots more to this story than the writers or government tell you.

Is his pickup truck insured? I doubt it.

deport illegals with a catapault

Dirt poor, six kids, and looking for handouts? This sounds familiar.

Mr. Aguilar, father of six... evidently has time to do something other than dumpster dive!The Spainards - so-called- latino's   - - - became nothing more then parisites when they forst left Spain - they devourad and killed everything the could down south - and now their sites are on the United States itself - - - Following the same portugees chatho - perverted view on the world - - - - Par·a·site:::1. an organism that lives on or in an organism of another species, known as the host, from the body of which it obtains nutriment.2. a person who receives support, advantage, or the like, from another or others without giving any useful or proper return, as one who lives on the hospitality of others.3. (in ancient Greece) a person who received free meals in return for amusing or impudent conversation, flattering remarks, etc.

Mr Aguilar..if you are barely surviving why did you have 6 kids? You want to capture power through numbers and plunder this country. Do you at least pay the amount in tax that you get as child credit from the us government? There are billions of people on this planet who work harder than you for far lesser and who have not broken any us law by coolly walking across the border for a better life. Should the us give citizenship to them all? You consume 10 times as many benefits as your contribution to the US. I am surprised why Americans who have time to Occupy wall st or attend tea party meetings have not raised the supreme court and forced Obama to enforce current immigration laws before any immigration reform. Rewarding illegals with amnesty is tantamount to treason and the us is too bankrupt  financisllt to afford another 20 million job seekers. Illegal immigration is not a democrat or a republican problem. It is an american problem.

Then go back to Mheco.

Breaking and entering is what hispanics are doing....And stupid treacherous American politicians will sell anyone to get elected..

Every time you hire an illegal you break the lawand you deny an american citizen a job !no matter how low paying it is!It's still a job!

Throw the criminals out!

Libs say "well, we can't just round them up and deport them" - Why not?   "Because we can't!" - Total stupidity!  Also, saying that "Many of our ancestors came as immigrants" ignores the keyword - ILLEGAL!!  Nobody has a problem with LEGAL immigrants - BUT  ILLEGAL IS ILLEGAL, and granting criminals blanket  amnesty is WRONG!

Rand Paul just shot himself in the foot, stand up for constutional law, but not immigretion law,

But They Never Interview or Talk to US Citizens about Their Views.  US Citizens are also having to scrimp and look for any kind of work because US Citizens are having to pay for all of these Illegals and all of their children.  Always one sided stories, No One is listening to US Citizens.  They only want Our Money!!!!!!

Welcome to America, land of the bankrupt and jobless.The only Immigration Reform required is to START ENFORCING THE LAWS ON RECORD.  Arrest and deport ALL ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS.   It will be less expensive then all the medical, welfare, housing, etc. payments they get FREE OF CHARGE.  NOT TO MENTION THE CRIMINAL ELEMENT.

While I don't wish a hard life to anyone. I do not support this insult Obama calls Immigration reform. If a man walks onto my front lawn and trys to set up a tent and start asking for his share of what I have I am not going to condone and contribute to him I would remove him from my property. Why is this such a hard consept to understand? If a person wants to become a part of this Country they need to immigrate legally before they get here not show up and start asking for benefits and hope we ignore the fact that you are trespassing. Just my two cents for what it's worth.

awwww ain't that cute.....? but it's WRONG!

Obama phone, right side of picture.

More than half polled believe they should be deported.... yes... like 90% do. They broke the law to come here and if we are not willing to enforce any one of our laws it makes all of them useless.

NO AMNESTY!   Don't support; DEPORT!

just a bunch of "freeloaders "  bring their  diseases,gangs,drugs,junk,...so why is the ones that are low life wanting to come here?'

We need contributors. Thats a good thing. But legal entry is a MUST! I don't know why politicians cavalierly treat border security as if it is a tool for negotiation. Actually.. I do. Ill sum it up. If Washington DC were located in Tucson Ariz., these narcissistic little con-men we call law makers would control the border like it was Fort Knox to protect their little chickenshiz azzes. I guess its called "Motivation".

It is the wish of the Mexican government that some day the US Supreme Court will allow all Mexican citizens to qualify for our welfare benefit.  They believe that decision will end Mexico's poverty problems. In preparation, they are trucking Mexican citizens to the border at night.

if i act dumb, stop speakign english and throw away my drivers license, I"LL get free money form the government too!  No hablo ingles, no problemo! Obama gives free money to anyone whoDOESNT oppose his ideas!This place is turning into a real OBAMANATION.Definition of "Obamanation" (n)O-Bam-Ma-Na-Tion1.something horrible: an object of intense disapproval or dislike2.something shameful: something that is immoral, disgusting, or shameful3.intense dislike: a feeling of intense dislike or disapproval toward somebody or somethingSynonyms: abomination, outrage, disgrace, scandal, eyesore, atrocity, horror.

HEYhad enough yet?Americans must come firstAmericans help Americans, they do not sell them out, but D&amp;R have no trouble betraying Americans.REJECT D&amp;Rand save the American dream of Americans.do it notthen it  is you who stole the American dream from an American

It's the problem of the Mexican Government who cant handle their own country...we need to declare War on Mexico and set it straight and these jerks can go back home and stay there and we can Profit from any resources those chumps have....they richly deserve to be dominated by us....we can use their Oil and Minerl Reserves after we Kill the Cartels...we can make slaves of their "citizens"......these pig savages must return to their #$%$ villages Now!!

Send them back.

Leave, get legal and then come back

----"More than half of U.S. citizens believe most unauthorized immigrants should be deported"----Yet nothing, nothing will be done to prevent the open border we have in this country....its a crying shame!

Yeah they're all trying to contribute when immigration becomes a key issue. What are you thugs doing with the money you make otherwise. Further who's coaching you to say you're trying to contribute.

I don't see any good, solid American-citizen looking folks in the photo. You know, the ones in flannel shirts and NRA caps who have been made unemployed by the Obama administration's policies.  Where are they instead of hustling for a days' job ... are they at home?

I NEVER believed in my life that I would say what I'm gonna say now...THIS COUNTRY SUCKS. How in the world can the minority win over the wants of the MAJORITY ?REMEMBER WHAT YOU WISH FOR...the NEXT CIVIL WAR... "WILL NOT BE SO FORGIVING".

NO REFORM, WITHOUT SECURE BORDERS!Wish more legal latino citizens were like that officer. we all have our ethnicity but we're americans first.

If this pendaho doesn't go back to Mexico on his own, he should be sent back in a garbage truck!

Destroying america all for a vote.. We need a new sheriff in town.....

"For Arizona day laborers, immigration reform can't come soon enough".Translation:For illegal aliens who have invaded and are  criminally occupying our country, the traitorous behavior of our government  in rewarding them for thier crimes can't come soon enough.

The AZ State Corrections saved $26 million dollars alone by deporting convicted, illegal immigrants back to their home country.  The only people that benefit off them is the employers that hired them.  They could pay them less than minimum wage, no benefits, work them like dogs, and when they got injured, they were dumped off at an ER room and told to keep their mouth shut.  The estimated cost of illegal immigrants to the state of AZ alone was six BILLION dollars...

Just shoot them, leave the corpses at the border--- the rest will stay where they belongIn Mexico

"Comprehensive immigration reform" = "Politically strategic foreigners will be exempt from American law"

Americans have been providing free social services to Mexican citizens. That is not going to change because suddently they are granted amnesty.   The saddest thing of all is that our government thinks it is fine to take our taxes and support another countries citizens even when the kids of the people that founded this country are not able to find work, afford college and are losing their homes.NAFTA was in no way a blessing and refusing to guard the southern border to control immigration has resulted in a path to the destruction of America.  Nothing wrong with Mexico or Mexicans but everything wrong with them invadeing America and hiding behind the liberals and democrats while they do it.

Also in the news  "Safe Auto Insurance has abruptly closed its call center in South Carolina, leaving more than 160 people without a job"What about our LEGAL U.S, Citizens and jobs.   We should be concerned with their well-being first.  It seems that politicians are looking for future voters by pandering to the INVADERS who are here in this country ILLEGALLY.

Not paying taxes. Contractors hiring "day laborers" are not paying taxes, either. And many think this is not a drain on the economy? And the courts are over-ruling measures to put a stop to it? MADNESS. What part of ILLEGAL do they not understand?'Sniff' someone get me some kleenex, I need to wipe my eyes and blow my nose after reading this story and the heart wrenching sob stories given by the ILLEGAL, CRIME COMMITTING "immigrants". 'Sniff, sniff', oh isn't it so sad? Yes, let's go ahead and just pat these people on the back, forgive them of their crimes and blatant disregard, disrespect and violation of our country and let's just let ten's of millions of them stay in America so that they can then gain their citizenship, take away income and resources that rightfully belong to legal, law abiding U.S. CITIZENS and then watch them go cast millions more new votes for the DEMONcrats!!! Oh yes that sounds.......ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!?!?!? I'd like to beat the #$%$ out of every politician and every bleeding heart so called American who supports this absolute cowdung!!! STOP THIS MADNESS NOW!!! Have you all lost your freaking minds?!?!?!? There are reasons why EVERY country in the world have borders and immigration laws in place. You want to come to America? Do it legally!!! Show me and the rest of the people living in this country legally that you want to immigrate to so badly to that you respect us and the country you want to become a citizen of. You come here illegally, you are a criminal and you have shown that you have no respect, regard or appreciation for this country, it's laws nor it's citizen's. PLAIN AND SIMPLE, END OF DISCUSSION!!!

contribute this guy thinks he;s contributing the only thing hes contributing to is increasing my taxes, free medical, free food stamps,free housing, free education for his kids and the cash money he makes gets sent back to mexico to support the ones he left behind, thats what hes contributeing to american citizens, plus he probubly carried a load of dope up here when he crawled across our border and this doesnt even mention the millions of dollars spent on law enforcement and border equipment intended to keep this free loading drug dealer out of course the cost of the drug enforcement,crimes committed by illegals,gang iffilations rape, plunder.theft,illegal voting to infeltrate our elections, car jacking, arent we just so fortunate to be unindated by this tidal wave of illegal border jumpers supported by the liberal obama admin. and paid for by us taxpayers we should give them  7 days to pick up their belongings and leave this country the democrats did it last time harry truman ran em out last time but obama and his gulag gang arent telling us about that is he, no votes there, cant blow money that way is any one else as disgusted with this gang of ner do wells as i iam ? we just got a new pope how about a new president

deportar

Yeah they don't hide because they know the police will not do anything to them

The writers of this story are so off base.... obviously they aren't from Arizona. I am and guess what; if you aren't from a border state (New Mexico, Texas, Cali, AZ) then you have no clue about the crime these illegals are bringing to the US. They steal anything thats not nailed down... My Chevy tahoe 3 times in 18 months twice by the same guy, caught at the border twice and once in phx. They stole my spare tire out of my work truck and my mountain bike that got crushed when i got hit by a car.... They have no respect for any of our laws and try to use threats and intimidation to get whatever they want. One even pointed his pistol in my face and at a young girl when i told him to stop harassing the teenage girls waiting for their school bus in the morning. And that doesn't even begin the gang violence that is seeming to never get national attention but its ridiculous. These writers need to spend some time in Mesa, or Phoenix before they start running their mouths because they happened to find one good illegal. He is still illegal and that is a crime. Last time 11 million people from one country entered another illegally it was called an INVASION.#$%$ WW II)

Same lines for work in Illinois.....only most of us are legal. The entire nation needs jobs for all!!!!!

There are a lot of illegals roaming around our cities, the "day laborers".  Most are just honest folks here illegally.  Some are criminals: murderers, rapists, drunks who may be driving toward you one night, as well as being here illegally.  The common theme?  They are lawbreakers, by definition.  And yet Yahoo glorifies them in a puff piece.If you think our legal immigration process should be streamlined (and I do), that's fine; lobby for that.  If you want us to just tell lawbreakers that what they did was ok, come on in and take our welfare provided by taxpaying Americans, then you have no sense of the law and of our country.

These politicians who think changing our white country to brown seem to overlook the fact that along with it comes reversing our social progress 50 years or so. Customer service is completely dead in the food service industry.

I am glad that all of you legal/illegal voters voted in your savior again and now he is going to burn you like he has burned all of us for the past 4 years.

father of six anchor babies that he gets gov bennies for because of our stupid lawsI'm sharing my letter that I wrote to my congressman.I am writing to express my opinion on the ILLEGAL immigration problem in our country.  I strongly oppose any ILLEGAL immigration reform.  Our current laws need to be upheld and not continuously overriden.  Anyone who has entered our country illegally needs to be tried and deported according to our immigration laws.  The illegal immigrant needs to reenter our country legally and apply for citizenship through the proper channels.  Rewarding illegal behavior has caused a lot of Americans to feel hatred towards these individuals.Another provision in our Constution that needs to be removed is the "Anchor Baby" provision allowing automatic citizenship to babies who are born inside the United States from illegal immigrants.  The requirement must state that one parent MUST BE a LEGAL citizen of our country before a child can be considered a legal citizen of our country.  I truly hope you take this letter to heart.  I am a registered voter and did vote for you with the hopes that you will represent the citizens of our country in our best interest in addition to upholding your oath to protect and uphold our Constitution and laws.

Sick of hearing all the "excuses" for keeping the "illegals" here. Round them up....box 'em up.......ship 'em back.  That's it...end of story.

It is a pure economical play.  We can't afford all the borrowing required for an airtight border, tough employment rules, and massive armies of immigration police to evict 10 million.  Economics led by corporate money will force immigration reform, so get used to the American way.

sounds like one good thing here lately is americans are fed up with believeing these polls the media is putting out , now if washington will see what we see maybe changes for the good will happen soon

America you have a corrupt Gov and you all support it with your vote.You deserve what you get.

stop complaining about sending them back because it won't happen. and if i did, good luck to all those small businesses trying to hire Americans to work there. Americans don't want hard work labor jobs. But regardless a good chuck of these folks came here when they were babies/kids. They had no choice...

i think this is an attempt to make americans "feel bad" for the illegal immigrants....well sorry, i have NO sympathy whatsoever..."It's to show them that you are doing the impossible to survive ... and show them that you are doing the decent thing, "I am here in this country to contribute.".....umm excuse me but the decent thing would've been to stay in your country and contribute to them instead of coming here illegally...and now they want to cry because they are "struggling".....unbelievable....i am saddened by the what the united states has become

Why bother passing new laws when we already have immigration laws in place that can be ignored at will?

a path to deprtation is better that any other path for them

Our Government rewards them to walk across the border and have babies.Instant Democrats.The younger crowd will rebel someday when they have no jobs. :)send them back to mexico!!!

Keep letting them in.  They should have a stipulation tho, that every day, they must take a shower and possibly be deloused.

Dui murder rape. Who is coming over the border. Don't know. Politicians don't seem to care either.

So someone that breaks the law, and because they're from Mexico, get to stay in the United States while another that was here legally, employed on a visa, must leave the country for six months before he can return.  How fair is that.  Someone that is paying taxes to someone that is using someone else's Social Security number to get a job.  Thank you Eric Holder.

illegal is illegal

So Jesus Aquilar is tired of DRIVING around Phoenix in his battered truck scavenging?Since when can Illegals LEGALLY drive in AZ?

Jesus was stopped for driving with no license, why is he still driving?

That's Not " All" those Mexicans are Selling By the pound

Republicans want cheap labor, Democrats want votes. Neither party cares much about the middle class. They use the media to keep you politically divided allowing them to cater to splinter groups to manipulate elections. Lets be honest, if your will was being implemented would we have illegal immigration, war in Afghanistan, U.S. aid flowing to our sworn enemies?I think not!

Go to California then.....Yet more then half the U.S. citizens don't want them hear and they wonder why we are getting mad it seems like the government dosen't care what their own people want anymore,time to re-elect!

11 million illegal immigrants  a shot at citizenship = 11 million more votes for the Dems.

It is the illegals that is costing healthcare to be so expensive since these are the ones that show up in the ER to get free healthcare.

Am I supposed to feel sorry for these cowardly cockaroaches?Go back to the country you came from and start a revolution to make your country like America.Sure people will die in the fight for freedom. That's what real Americans have been doing for almost 250 years!

Why is American fighting any war in the world, when Americans are going to give up this country anyway?

he here illegally the reporter should be arrested for aiding and abating

Show support stamp out illegals!

They want a free pass, not pay taxes, send money back home and rape my sister.  My sister was raped and sodomized by a illegal.  I say, send them all back and let them suffer in their country.

Illegals need to go! They break into our country, steal from the taxpayors, and show no respect for our citizens, laws, Constitution, or flag.Children of illegals should be deported with their parents. Illegal is illegal, no matter the age or how they got here. Yes, I believe children should not be punished for the crimes of their parents, but THEY SHOULD NOT BE REWARDED either.  Would we let the child of a bank robber keep the loot? No! So why should illegal children be given any special path towards citizenship? They can go thru the same process as everyone else trying to do it the right way.Anybody else sick and tired or rewarding these criminals via the hard work and taxes of legal citizens? While they are here let's give 'em a free education, free healthcare and low income housing all compliments of legal taxpaying citizens of this county. Then we can cover their uninsured motorists car accidents, provide them subsidized gas and electric, and even give 'em in state tuition and now scholarships at state colleges. Enough already!

Obama has become nothing more than a slum lord.  This is a great country which he can't wait to squander away.  I guess in a nutshell, why and when did illegal ALIENS' rights become more important than mine as a US Citizen?  Not one of the comments from this leftist column was in favor of amnesty, yet nobody in our government seems to care about what we the people think.  We as a country are more than just a latino vote.If you're doing the "decent thing" and here to contribute to this country, you should have come here LEGALLY. You do not deserve amnesty or food, shelter or free damn schooling for illegally living in a country. Deportation, plain and simple.

Nobody gets it.  They need to go back to Mexico and FIX their country. Mexico is the cespool of the world, a really pitiful nation full of nutless peons. Mexicans do not have what it takes to lift their own country out of the pits. Would rather come here and bring their cultures with them instead of correcting the problems at home. What a bunch of WHIMPS!!

Amnesty... What's the unemployment rate now ?  Democrats are just creating a Mexican voting block and republicans want there hands in it too ... American taxpayers pay the price... Cheaper to pay more to high school drop out to work the fields.  At least Americans won't be paying for Mexicos problems

High school drop outs should be working the fields instead of becoming government adult children that keep voting for a free ride

Once these "day laborers" are standing in front of 7-11 and Dunkin Donuts with medical kits and brief cases enough "important" people might START TAKING NOTICE of how BAD THESE PEOPLE are for AMERICAN WORKERS.Until then, too many in the stethoscope and brief case crowd will continue to hire the cheap labor.  BTW.... I have had the opportunity to hire contractors of questionable legal status, but instead hired AMERICAN contractors as a matter of conscience.

He drives around Phoenix in his truck with no drivers license and probably no insurance. Anyone see a problem with this picture.......

father of six...?

Glad the liberal congressmen feel justified in giving the illegal (understand the word you idiots)means you want to give criminals a free ride - if their is no immigration laws - then it is pasty time we totally elimi9nated all the people and the government enity called immigration - we do not need the people; if the laws do not apply - just let all the terrorists, criminals, and low lives in and give them our tax money,  free health care, free education for their children,  Do for them akll the things you do not do for the American public -   Yeah a war is comming and I want our congressmen to know their actions caused this and this time their families, their children will be ther ones at risk in this war,

This means, among many things, more drunk drivers.  These guys drink like hell and drive around with no regard to human life.

Wait a minute--how do you make your gas money driving CITY MILES in a TRUCK  and selling cardboard for PENNIES a pound? Something doesn't add up there. Unless gas is really cheap in Phoenix.I am a descendant of Mexican origin, we came here legal after my parents filed paid and waited for the appropriate time to come as a legal immigrated citizen, how come they cannot do the same thing.  What is wrong if our lazy Federal government does their job and as for papers, they are here illegal you try being illegal in Mexico, Europe or any other country.

Companies like the cheap labor.  Does this guy think he will be hired by them if immigration reform happens?  Companies will find ways to not pay minimum wage and benefits to these people.

Put it to a vote, but check for IDs....Vamos amigos.....

deport these vermin--now

DEPORTATION---DEPORTATION--DEPORTATION--NOW!

Lets not forget that most illegal immigrants also contribute as little as possible to their local economy.   6 people in a 2 bedroom apartment, not because they can't afford but because their priority is sending money OUT of the US economy and INTO Mexico  In 2004, remittance (sending money from a foreign country back to Mexico) accounted for 2.1% of Mexico's GDP ($15 Billion US Dollars) and that was 8 years ago.

For Arizona citizens deportation can't come soon enough!

First group to come here illegally ....and with their hand out.How do illegals legally get my tax dollars?

I just met a lady that her brother has been trying to sponsor for 11 years. Now he died so she is off the list. Let them all go home and get in line so the ones that are trying to do it legally can get a fair shake.

Deport eleven or twelve million?, "Not gonna happen". My prediction is we will get amnisty, A big todo will be made of controlling the border and in another twenty or thirty years we will be giving amnisty to another twentyfive or thirty million.Sissies in the gov't could change the birthright law overnight if they WANTED too. The Gov't is just as responsible for this #$%$ as anybody. The anchor baby will continue until that law is amended.

"The officer, they say, is Hispanic, a fact they find ironic."... "He's forgotten that his parents and grandparents got here the same way we did, as immigrants."So the officer is just supposed to ignore the law? The officer is not an illegal immigrant like they are... Key word here: ILLEGAL not legal. Please stop trying to mix the two together

Maybe there could be a season on them

So Aguilar hasn't been home to Juarez in a decade, but WE'RE the ones that are tearing apart families?? Looks to me like he voluntarily left Mexico and left his family behind, yet all the sob stories try to convince sympathetic Americans that we can't deport illegals because we're "breaking up families".  So it's OK to leave a family in Mexico but cruel for us to expect them to leave here? BTW-- we don't want their families here anyway-- they need to take them with them when they're deported.

Aquilar is illegal so what makes you think he will respect our laws

What's the problem....we have an illegal sitting in the White House....

What I would like to know is.....If they pass this reform, and I have already seen some illegals saying they still won't become a legal citizen, what will they do with the illegals who refuse to become citizens, yet still squat here illegally? How are they going to enforce illegals to become citizens and handle the ones who don't?I am 100% against illegal immigration, and I am glad the legal citizen's of this country in Arizona took a stand against it. It is not ironic that the officer is Mexican, he is a legal citizen of this country and enforcing the laws he promised to uphold. One being that he knows you are here illegally and trying to work in a country illegally. He is standing up for his country, and you have no clue if his parents or grandparents migrated here illegally or not. Just because he is Hispanic and you are Hispanic does not mean he gives up his oath as an officer of protecting our laws and shows favoritism because you two just happen to be the same race. You should be lucky he has not hauled you in for being here illegally.

aguilar is applying for legal status so he can collect welfare for his 6 kids and wife.  I am tired of the bs from these illegals.  obummer is pandering to them as well

Do you think old Jose will continue his job if given amnesty ha ha NO. There are 6 illegal intruders him &amp; family. How much tax dollars does he pay opposed to how much the consume using public school and other social programs? If his 20 year old truck runs into my 40,000 insured car should I anticipate his insurance to pay for the damages? Or will I suffer the burden ? If his family or he gets sick who will pay? Again how much taxes do you pay Jose?

If Mexicans really wanted a better life, they would make their own country a better place instead of ruining the USA and leeching off of every conceivable entitlement program.Well, I guess it will be better when all these illegal aliens are legal and companies won't hire them at all because their wages are suddenly too high for the company to make a profit.  Then, this bunch will go on welfare and the NEXT wave of illegal immigrants will take the jobs THEY once did.The free market sets the wage rate for these workers based on the willingness of customers to pay the required prices for the produce.  Contrary to the tired old liberal lie, companies don't care how much they have to pay their workers, as long as they can can pay that wage and REMAIN PROFITABLE.The fact is that if we forced companies to pay all workers minimum wage to pick produce, prices in the stores would skyrocket, and many people would refuse to pay them or be unable to afford them.  Because of the reduced demand that would cause, some companies would go bust throwing ALL their workers onto the unemployment lines, while other companies would survive by raising their prices the rest of the way to the new market-dictated level (now possible because of the reduced competition) so those companies can then pay the higher wages and still make a profit.Who gets hurt the worst both by the higher prices and the increased number of people on benefits?  The (remaining members of the) middle class, as always.  Those who still have jobs anyway.

Simple solution &gt;&gt;&gt;These ILLEGALS broke the law !!   ROUND THEM  UP !!!!   DEPORT THEM BY THE THOUSANDS !!!  And Build a BIGGER FENCE !!!   ILLEGALS ARE ILLEGAL   DEPORT THEM ALL !!!!

Immigrants are welcome. Illegals should be jailed and deported on sight. There's a HUGE difference, just ask all the people who waited in line like someone who really truly wants to be a citizen does

I would love to get 1 of those politicians down here and take him to a chicken house with 100 degree weather and show them this job then tell me Americans won't do the hard jobs picking up 12 chickens at one time getting #$%$ all over you for 8 to 10 hours with small 5 minute breaks between each 18 wheeler they load. A crew consists of 6 catchers 1 fork lift operator and  foreman. The company brought in Mexicans they said were legal tried to get them to do the job there was 8 catchers on their crews they could not compete it took them 3 hours longer per house than the Americans workers they finally stuck their tail between their legs and ran.

the politicians (including Obama) want more stringent  back ground checks to buy a 22 rifle than  the back ground checks of these 11 million illegal aliens. all the politicians want to do is wave a magic wand and make them all nice legal upstanding citizens not even acknowledging that they are law breakers to begin with by being here illegally.

If they can take a picture of illegals, why can't they gather them up and deport them?

obama cancels the wh Easter egg hunt,... but,.....he also sends FDA agents go INTO MEXICO ,..... and gives out foodstamps to 1.4 MILLION MEXICAN nationals

They always write these articles to make these people sound like good, honest, hard working people when they are really only a minority used to sell their cause. Most are anything but. That's why the prisons are full of them and they are responsible for much of our crime and violence. They milk our stupid system and then complain. Send them back to Mexico and let them deal with them. They can always apply to enter legally, but they wouldn't qualify. next the Democrats will let them vote from Mexico.

The photographer of these FELONS is just as traitorous as Benedict Barry. Arrest and deport to Argentina.

They don't even know how to speak English.people in arizona and other states gave these people hope because they hired them as cheap labor. now they fogured out its not cheap, we have to pay for their health care and children. tough! too late greedy people! you caused this trying to circumvent the system, now accept the responsibility of your actions

STOP --------------------------------IMMIGRATION -------------------------10 YRS --- 23 mil out

23 mil USA Out of Work-- BUT --- Obama STOP - ICE Deporting at Job Sites = Giving O K

CALL - Or - FAX JUST 100 Senators -- 6yrs --- BUT --- NO E-VERIFY -- Selling US OUT

"I am here in this country to contribute." By not paying taxes? That is a job that an American whose jobless or homeless might need during times of unemployment. The immigration should be zero unless USA is at FULL employment. Those who've dropped off the unemployment rolls are eating out of dumpsters and living in cardboard boxes. He's recycling American's homes for profit. Go back to Mexico! Fix your own country!

Kill em all and let God sort em out. I dont give a damn about any other country and their poverty levels, crime, etc. It is not the our countries problem. The great US of A always sticking their noses in every countries buisness trying to be the savior. Hey dumb #$%$ Obama and every other politician we have our own people here that need help. Try fixing our country first dammit.

This is a bunch of baloney that has been going on for years and completely breaking America.  If the Illegals want to be American they need to go back where they came from and enter the proper, legal way and learn English as our laws say.  Just think of the money we would save by not giving them housing, food, healthcare, Social Security and all the other free things they receive.  If all this was taken away from them they would go back to where they came.And the politicians that want ammesty for the votes they will receive should be voted out of office.Just think what this country is coming too.  Supporting all the illegals who live here and also supporting all the countries in the world that absolutely hate us.  Let's stop all this baloney.

The tax $ spent on illegals helping them gain citizenship compared to the money and time spent on helping the US citizens get work . 100's of billions a year to 0 time and 0$

WHY are 1.4 Million MEXICAN NATIONALS on food stamps?

your here ILLEGALLY yet spawn 6 kids at our expence? you cant even support yourself ^ kids ,All his anchor babies! Then one files taxes with a temporary tax number , now with this guy what needs to be known is the size of his tax return! How many dependants he claims! Still find it hard to feel sorry for the RATS that continue to break our laws!I have reform for you GO HOME. we dont need reform we need to uphold current immigration laws

"Obama wants Congress to send him a bill tightening border security".Why was he always against border security in Arizona &amp; Texas ?

Do you think a US citizen who snuck into Mexico ilegally and got caught would be given government assistance and allowed to stay in Mexico? (Why you would want to sneak into Mexico and stay there is another question!)

immigrants who skipped across a political border..

There is an illegal....send them back...the illegals are making it easy for us...putting themselves in the news...go pick them up...jeesh..how simple is that?

Immigration reform is code for votes.

It's funny how the people who always point to the policies of Canada and Western Europe as the inevitable future that the US must embrace never point to their immigration policies.

If you don't see how backward this is you are beyond help.

This is a typical liberal Reuters OPINION/COMMENTARY.  If you actually read the story, it very well MAKES THE POINT AGAINST ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION.

"wait in line" What line? They are already here milking the system dry. Fine the #$%$ out of anyone who has employed illegal aliens and mine the #$%$ border"Undocumented workers"...what a term. Just rolls off a liberal's finger tips (on the keyboard as they write Yahoo! articles) like it was nothing. To heck with laws! We pick and choose which we want to follow. Great scheme.

THEY are illegal... come on.. They shouldnt get anything.. go back where you came from.. OR, go thru the right channels and get to be a citizen.. All of you who did do it the right way should be crying to  your congress and Pres.. You had to go thru the #$%$, they should have to also before getting all the stuff they get.

Day Laborers...........IE illegals? ......not sure what you ment

Surrender is a better term.

We are all fooling ourselves if we think our current Administration is going to deport or make illegals accountable for breaking the law. It's very clear by their past actions and current ones (Lawsuit against Arizona) that they are willing to do anything and everything to allow them to stay and to hand them whatever they need to not only become a citizen but to secure their future votes. The writing is on the wall.

Just one question to Hispanics, if you claim to be hardworking, honest folks ... why can't you do that in your own countries and be successful? Why do you have to break our US laws and come here illegally and then be a burden on our entitlement programs? Have you no respect or honor ?

Go home Pedro

They need to call it a 'PATHWAY TO GOVERNMENT ASSISTANCE'.  Agullair sells recycled paper for pennies yet he has 6 children.  Why do we allow people to become citizens of this country when they are going to TAKE from the SYSTEM and not give to the System.We should require they not receive any kind of government assistance in order to become citizens.  We should require they have a certain income before they can become citizens.My God, why not just provide for the Entire EARTH?

Guess where criminals from all over escape to when they bust out of prison ???USA because the red carpets out welcoming predators thieves rapist murderersno questions asked just run over the border or get here on any bs tourist visaand all crimes are pardoned. If your a American get to the back of line and waitto get frisked upside down and prove your worthy of a $7.25 job by providingyour personal history since you were born

&gt;&gt;a shot at citizenship, provided they pay fines, back taxes, learn English and wait in line&lt;&lt;  Wait in line in your own country, I would be pi$$ed if I were waiting and an illegal that cheated was approved before me!!!My ancestors imigrated to the US in the early 1900's from Norway. They did so legaly. When they arrived there weren't any forms in Norwegion or signs or anything else to assist them. They happily learned English and happily worked and paid taxes. They would never take government assitance and if any of thier 14 children did my great grandfather would have beat them sensless. They were proud of their heritage but even more proud to be Americans. All of my great uncles served in WWII and served proudly.That kind of imigrant I have no problem with. The kind that come with their hands out and their mouths open expecting the US government to provide for them and refuse to learn English... those people I have no use for.

If our government give the freeloader amnesty we need to remove everyone from office. Yes he been here 10 years and do not speak English yet, than the police stop him no driver license of insurance they allow him to drive away. Now if that was me my car would of been impounded along with me going to jail why do they treat illegals better than citizens. ship him back to Mexico and his family can go with him

this country would be greater if all these illegals would just go back to mexico.

These "poor" are illegals, criminals, and our politicians are willing to favor them, and screw us just to get their votes. Send these creeps back to wherever they came from, and vote these #$%$ sucking politicians out.

Carlos Slim, the richest man in the world, lives in Mexico...why cant the wealthy Mexicans take care of their poor?

Illegal immigrants/aliens never can and never will make this country greater.  All they can do is wreak havoc in whatever place they habitate and drain the resources of already struggling state budgets.  I get very angry when illegals are hired for any type job, because the employers are saying to our government, we will not abide by the rules set forth.  I, like many Americans, would like to see the current immigration laws enforced, without creating a whole new set of immigration reform laws, that most likely won't be enforcible or just plain ignored.We, the people, need to stand up for what is right - and what is right is for all illegal immigrants to be deported to their native homelands. If they wish to become US citizens, then they need to stand in line and do everything that is required to of them.  Our immigration system is such a poor excuse for what it should be, but enforcement of existing laws would help immensely, if  those in authority would step up and take responsibility for making the system work.

For Aguilar, 54, and a father of six....You know, I feel sorry for these people as much as the next person...but seriously...6 kids???  Not 1 or 2..... but 6!

Awesome, can't wait til he can take an American's job.

In some ways, our society has failed these people for promoting the illusion that the average illegal immigrant can get away with their crimes, have a job, and maintain the benefits that certain politicians promote. Sure, deportation is a possibility, but it means nothing if we do not rid ourselves of the very things that keep them coming in the first place. Securing our borders is a must, but so is going after those who knowingly looked away and hired these criminals. Do not support immigration deformation.

What people don’t realize is because of trade policies, most notably NAFTA, much of the unemployment that has arisen in Mexico over the last 15 years is a result of trade policies. Mexico is put in a position where it’s very difficult for Mexico to compete with U.S. products.One of the prime examples of that is corn. For example, if you travel in Mexico today, it turns out that the corn that Mexicans buy is actually U.S. corn, because Mexican corn farmers cannot compete with subsidized U.S. corn. It’s understandable why corn farmers have gone out of business. More noticeably their workers have looked to the north for work.take your illegal #$%$ back across the border your not welcome here we don't give a #$%$ about your cry baby story if american went to mexico and did what you illegal are doing here we be put in jail GET THE FFFFFFFFFFF OUT NOW

This is a ruse... repulicans that allow amnesty will instantly give democrats all of those votes. Have a backbone and force the president and his party to secure the borders first and keep this path in limbo till after the next elections. Quit trying to be liked GOP and stand on what you know is right! Reagan got shafted on this in the 80's, we do not need to help it now!

White people #$%$ and moan endlessly about the horrible "illegals" but I live in a border state and I don't see a lot of unemployed white folks out there looking for work the way these people do.

The sentence should say under the picture " A group of illegal laborers, who illegally broke into the United States stands ona  street corner waiting for ILLEGAL work.

If immigration reform passes, in my opinion one of the most important requirements to citizenship, is to learn English.I envy bilingual people, but if a person is to live in the USA, English is essential.

ILLEGAL ALIENS, GET OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!

54, 6 kids, no steady income..??? Empathy is a good thing... stupidity...not so much...

Yea, make them legel...then they will stop under bidding my jobs!  They don't pay tax or have to pay insurances, or lic.

Welcome to America, theland of the free and home of the brave! Until you are an American citizen feel free to borrow our freedoms that our ancestors fight for...Feel FREE to:speak English as its our native languagefly the AMERICAN flag,and not the one from the country you felt so threatened by that you had to come here for a better life.learn or cultures, and laws and adhere to them.to immediately apply for citizenship no matter the cost.keep our currency in the states here.respect everyone of any an all ethnicitieswork hard and contribute to OUR countryWelcome to America now feel free to become a LEGAL American!

If the gov.knows how many are hear, then why didn`t they enforce our laws?.Some countries consider that as an invasion!!! We the legal taxpayers cannot afford families on minumun wages with 6-8 kids,especially non-english speaking.economics 101 except of course for the bleeding hearts of america.this once was a great country but we are now rotting from the indside out....YAHOO and free speech do not go hand in hand. YAHOO censors like the best of them.

Talk to any legal immigrant about what they had to do to become a naturalized American citizen. Once they tell you about that, ask them how they feel about the "Undocumenteds" and this latest short-cut for the people crossing the US-Mexican border (I won't say Mexicans because they aren't 100% Mexicans, there are people from the Middle East and other countries that cross the border there too)  I'll tell you that they aren't in favor of this at all.  11,000,000 new welfare, SNAP, and free tuition recipients makes QUITE the new set of voters to command.  Unbelievable!

So, this former Mexican cop has been here how long, illegally, and still cannot speak English? I can sympathize with his fear but there are ways he could have sought asylum. Basically, I think what most illegals want is to be able to tap into the welfare system. So what if you file a tax form every year if you end up not paying any taxes because picking cardboard out of dumpsters (probably illegally) makes so little when you get the deductions for 6 kids. Here is a thought...stop making babies if you can't afford to raise them!

It's a sad article, but people on both sides of this debate are being hurt. As a U.S. taxpayer, and blue collar worker I have seen my job vanish, my taxes steadily increase, my cost of living go thru the roof, medical etc, all the while trying to keep my head up as I fight forward every day trying to make it.

For every illegal that becomes legal Obama is going to send 1 American whitey to their home country as compensation. What a deal - eh?

The only immigration reform we need is to arrest anyone that gives them a job and sentence them to ten years at hard labor.

Maria sits at home with the suckling little pigs collecting welfare, EBT, obamaphone, HUD, free medical, WIC, utilities paid for, etc.....while Juan waits on the corners getting so-called day-jobs that pay in non-taxable cash.Don't be fooled fellow American Citizens....then they have nice cars and nice stuff inside their homes.I'm here in Tucson, Arizona.....and they live pretty good here.And I totally agree with D's comment about how they're stealing BILLIONS in FREE social services. It's your money folks....it could be put to better use fixing our infrastructure and used to help AMERICAN CITIZENS instead of ILLEGAL LAW BREAKERS.

This is your FUTURE AMERICA. A third world *h*thole!

"Analysts expect that money sent home last year by Mexicans living abroad, most of them residing in the United States, will top $23 billion when Mexico's central bank releases annual figures this month. Although still below the peak of $26 billion in 2007, that would be a solid 8 percent increase over 2010".

If I move to Nigeria and become a citizen there, would I be considered an American-African?Bominos to la casa Mexicans

Who is it that hires all these illegals?  Is it the small business Republican types?

Houston texas is 43% Mexican and yet they say they do not take jobs away from americans  they have took over texas while rick perry does nothing  the people who are running texas are a joke they do not represent texas  maybe mexico

Why don't these "hard workers" go back to Mexico and build up their country?  It has the potential to be excellent productive and rich country.  Build schools, homes, hospitals there.  Clean it up.  Stop coming here and acting pathetic like we owe you.

Since the police and other officials know these illegals hang out at places like Home Depot and Lowes, as I see them all the time here where I live, why aren't any of them arrested right then? They may go back home if they know police will arrest and deport them. But it doesn't happen....it's like the police does not want to be bothered with them. So they stay.

While this Illegal bum is riding around without Insurance , who is paying for it's 12 anchors , food medical , housing . You are .

Our elected Officials have failed we Americans.First let me say I am  a retired Service member who met my wife while serving in Europe, When we returned to the United States after my Retirement we did everything by the book when it came to my wife's immigration. the bill came to just over 8,000 dollars for the attorney fees and all the paperwork fees for the immigration office including the additional paperwork we had to file for her to attend her father's funeral. Yes that is right we had to file additional paperwork in which we had to apply extra for in order for her to fly home after she missed her father's funeral because the immigration office said if she didn't make her appt. she wouldn't get her green card. So she didn't make it home until 5 days after her father's funeral. In addition to that the all important appt. was to ask her a couple of questions which she could have answered over the phone.Now to top that off we had to go through three interviews one separated from each other where they attempted to prove our marriage was fraudulent. I also had to sign paperwork that my wife could never receive any type of public assistance, i.e. welfare, I had to prove that I had medical insurance for my wife, and I had to sign paperwork of a I would bear all responsibility for her and her well being. We also had to provide references from three couples who knew us and knew of our martial state, we had to provide a statement from people who knew how long we had dated before we were married and how we met.We had to drive 2.5 hours three times to the immigration office before she was approved for her first green card which was only good for two years. after the first two years we had to file almost the same paperwork again.Yet our illustrious elected officials want to give work Visa's to people with criminal records, They don't want to deport those who are here illegally, We have to watch as illegals bankrupt our healthcare system, We have to watch as they increase out taxes for our infrastructure. We have to watch as our crime rates increase, we have to watch as they protest for U.S. benefits when they aren't citizens, we have to watch as they receive Medicare and Medicaid while our elderly and veterans are denied. Recently they released more than 3000 illegal aliens to make a political statement.We do not need another amnesty program, I encourage everyone to write your Congressman / woman and Senator to protest for reasonable immigration reform where the U.S. citizen does not suffer from it. I like many have had enough. If they want the American dream then they should do it correctly. You know I had to pay for background checks to be done in The United States and my wife's home country on my wife. How many Illegals here could pass that for a work visa or  green card.How about every illegal here apply and pay all those fees get a lawyer, or have their children born here get allawyer in their interest to have their parents stay here in the best interest of them, and make them sign everything I had to for my wife. let's see how many want to stay after that. Let's tell those Congressmen / women and Senators to be fair to the citizens of the United States when they pass immigration reform.

If you want American votes and a more viable America, then get rid of the illegals no matter where they're from. Stop allowing student visas as well. You want them to learn? Send the teachers to them. And the offspring of an illegal is still an illegal alien offspring.

six kids, i would like him to show he is not getting any welfare for them. Miss Carol said it ALL. I will say it to, if Mexico was run better then they would stay there

its time for me to get into politics ,my wife didnt want me to do it but i need to to start makeing a difference in our area , against all this liberalism destroying our great country , so you might see me on CNN for being a racist , bigot , troll  but i dont care , we have to stand up for what is right ,mororaly and to secure a great place for future generations to come , and stop all this gayness , get bready for some laughs because i dont care what people think about what i sayI see only one solution to this problem. If the government is hell bent on giving everyone who comes to this country citizenship. States need to get rid of property and state taxes and raise sales taxes to start leveling the playing field for those who are unfairly carrying the tax burden. No one living in this country should escape their fair share of taxes.

Visit Numbersusa dot org to get info about illegal immigration and pending legislation.

I can tell you exactly what will help fix Arizona,   if the owners of businesses STOP hiring the illegal immigrants because they can pay them slave wages.  Period.   P.S.  Mr Aquilar,  you could help yourself a little bit by learning and speaking English.

and what do mexican night workers do?  they break and enter the now minority white and blacks houses.  whose watching the chicken coup.  dumb aasseedd congress.

Until we secure our borders we will have an immigration propblem. A path to citizenship does not address, let alone solve, the problem. If we do not secure the borders then we will right back here in ten years yelling at each other about illegal immigration, but it will be OUR fault for not doing the right thing.

Does Mr. Aquilar think he will get more money per pound, if he is allowed to vote for a Democrat?

So go back and visit your family in Mexico. AND STAY THERE! Why is this so hard? The majority of Americans want them gone, but you won't hear that from the propaganda machine. 11 million? I'll bet it's twice that. At least! And if they actually pass this nightmare, watch the flood heading this way! Obama secure the border? When pigs fly!

If this #$%$ would go back to Mexico they wouldn't have this problem..We would be much happier also..

This guy may well be the exception however most of them are parasites that have no respect for themselves or others in society.

I wonder how many illegals work for the state of Arizona through subcontractors?Reuters supports breaking our country's laws. A billion dollar company. This week one of their Director of Social Media was arrested by the Department of Justice for conspiring to give passwords and logon info to "Anonymous" the international hacking crime organization.

These illegals take the jobs the poor used to do before the welfare state took over. This illegal drives around Phoenix in an old pickup, no licsense, no insurance, no English, no taxes? America has become the stupidist country on earth. People wake up, look at what we are leaving our children.

Deport them!  what part of illegal criminals don't you understand.I would be ashamed to be a politician today.

Whites need to go back to work. Take back your jobs and your lives. Otherwise you are doomed.

HELL - Obama Stop 324 mil of FENCE --- NOW ------CHICAGO -- 536 - DRUG KILLINGS

they tell this story to make you feel pity for this fellow aguilar.  they make him out to be a saint, in need of assistance.I tell you this.  I feel no pity for this person.  In my honest and humble opinion, he deserves no special treatment.  HE IS HERE ILLEGALLY!!!!

4 mil - American FAMILYS Lost thier HOMES --= DREAMS -- No Amnesty -- Deportation at Job Sites

Yes they pay taxes, but just report enough to get earned income credit and get back a lot more than payed in, with the child care credit it cost taxyapers billions.

they are  never gonna better themselves  cuz they refuse to learn englishgood paying jobs with a future still has mostly english speaking people

Sure they file taxes, using illegal relatives in Mexico as deductions and claiming huge tax refunds from legal tax payers--23 mil USA Out of Work- 47 mil on Food Stamps = STOP - IMMIGRATION ---- 10 Yrs =====================WELFARE -------2 -----------WORK ------- Senators - Remember

ICE -------------------------------JAIL ---------------------OWNERS ------------------SELF DEPORT

Go home and apply like the law states. otherwise FOAD

They say here more than half of U.S. citizens want them sent back...I AM part of that half. Illegals coming in to the U.S. by the droves has put this country where it is now. The worst thing for the country is illegals and politicians.

No sympathy for any of them.

the far 1 on the right looks like hes texting on his obama cell phone.

Ever notice that there are no blacks sitting around wanting someone to hire them. Guess sitting around waiting for the goverment to help them is easier.

Boo hoo, Boo hoo, the poor little feller, someone ought to send him back to where he came from and make him become a citizen just like millions of others have before him. No pity for criminals.

This make me sick that they worry more about immigrants,then they do our own homeless,and jobless!! Send them back,they keep driving America DOWN!!

No American value is more sacred than the rule of law--that's what this is about -- nothing more, nothing less. Illegal immigrants have grown arrogantly accustomed to defying these values, and are now horribly offended that we will no longer tolerate their hands in the cookie jar.Photo Caption: .." A group of immigrant day laborers stand near a street corner waiting..."Looks more like a line of male prostitutes waiting for their customers.

I couldn't care less about the problems of people in my country illegally. Why no articles about the struggles of our rapidly shrinking middle class? It's all about illegals, gays, gun control,and idiot Bloombergs latest brainstorm. When the middle class disappears, so will America.

Illegal, with SIX children, no education, and no real job. They breed like crazy and bring children into this already-overpopulated world when they can't afford it. Well, guess what? Taxpayers are the ones that end up paying for their school, medical services, etc. I think it's time to protest just like they do and demand that the government enforce the laws and stop wasting time with a new immigration reform that we don't need.

The fact that Aquilar came to the country illegally means he is a criminal, and it's shameful to reward that kind of behavior. Still, he works for a living, which is at least better than most liberals.

Why does Yahoo! and other media outlets continue to write articles about illegal immigrants instead of calling authorities to have these people arrested?

We are going backwards with welfare reform.  Before they talk about immigration reform How are you going to get illegal women having children here to work and off the system?  That creates generational welfare and the effort to dismantle that had been successful in this country at one point.

Just what USA needs right now, 3rd grade level non-English speaking workers with a taste for underage girls.

"... they also face persistent pressure from one Phoenix police officer who regularly drives by the day labor site and orders them off the street. The officer, they say, is Hispanic, a fact they find ironic."  No, he's an AMERICAN!

boooo hoooo hoooo hooo..bleeding heart liberal article....guess what..as soon as they were to be made citizens they qualify for..........you guessed it.....assistance...guess what...we are tired of giving out handouts....with handouts comes....higher taxes...there is no money tree to pull the assistance from...so joe and jill tax payer get the honors...guess what...joe and jill tax payer no longer want to help...they can barely make ends meet....go back..get into line.#$%$--in line jumping p.o.s...you broke our laws..you are not entitled to our gratitude.

their ILLEGAL what is not to understand, our PUBLIC SERVANTS are not doing their jobs in enforcing the law that they created.They are a discusting drain on our counrty.

What about our vets and other people out of work??  And we have to listen to these traitor sob-story libs about the POOR PEOPLE who broke into our country??  Impeach Obama and his line of traitors he has propped up!!

No one forced Senor Aguilar to have five children, he chose to have that many.  No one is forcing Senor Aguilar and his amigos to suffer in the shadows of life in the United States.  This valiant man, honest but intentionally child-poor, can take his family, his possessions, and his buddies, and return to the glorious sunshine of La Tierra Sagrada: Mexico!  Once there, he and his compadres can use any of the six methods of birth control approved by the Mexican Catholic Church (abstinence, the rhythm method, war, famine, plague, and pestilence) to reduce the population to a sustainable number.  Most demographers would estimate that sustainable number to be about 25 million, the same as the population of Mexico in 1950.  Today, by contrast, the number is 114 million and rising.  It really isn't that difficult to learn to practice "El Sexo Verde" -all the fun, with none of the babies.  The choice is for yours, amigos y amigas.

Their just a bunch of criminals anytime you break the law to come over here without proper paper send them back and ban them for life

I haven't read through all these comments yet...but I'm betting some typical bleeding heart liberal has already been on here to compare illegals breaking the law to any of us breaking the law by driving over the speed limit!  Some far-left d-bag tries that argument on everyone of these immigration reform stories.

So we are supposed to fell bad for Aguilar the illegal with his 6 anchor babies ? Now the traitor Obama has them let out another 2500-3000 illegals due to the budget. My sister got into a car accident the other day by someone just like Aguilar no license, no insurance. So not only do we continue to pay for his anchor babies but now my sister is stuck paying for her own car to be fixed &amp; her own medical bills &amp; the POS just walks away. It's not right !!!! DEPORT THEM ALL !!!!!!!!! Say no to amnesty.

"It's to show them that you are doing the impossible to survive ... and show them that you are doing the decent thing," said Aguilar, speaking in Spanish. "I am here in this country to contribute."Impossible to survive? Well, hell...Go home and come legally. Then you wouldn't have that problem. And if you want contribute to the country start by learning English, chump."For me it would be an end to walking down the street and hiding from the police. And working freely, working well and paying taxes ... and making this country even greater."This country is already great and has been since it's creation.  If you are worried about hiding from the police. Go home and come back legally. If not, we don't need you. PERIOD!!

Parasite :::Latin parastus, a person who lives by amusing the rich, from Greek parastos, person who eats at someone else's table...

The illegals can't wait to get on food stamps that's gonna hurt the 9 generation blacks they might have to GET A JOB to support the mexicans man that would cause Al sharped and the Rainbow coalition to go crazy

Why don't we just reform all the laws, This might make the left wing nuts happy. Since they always protect the guilty and blame the innocent. Why don't we do the same as we do for the crooks in congress and the biggest thief of them all Obama. The first president who couldn't remember his education which he stole from the rest of us. I hear the left wing nuts now saying to Moses where is your GOD now Moses.They should be.....after all they helped their comradee in chief get re elected. Viva La Oblamer.

All these illegals out on the street looking for the really good jobs unloading bricks or working in the meat packing plants.  You know, taking the jobs conservatives line up for.

future welfare takers

They should round these guys up, tie them to a tree, and whip them with a bullwhip.  After they regain consciousness, kick them back to Mexico and tell them to never come back here again, unless they have a valid Visa issued by the U.S. State Dept.

FREE EVERYTHING FOR EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!!!

Why don't we stop the PC nonsense and call them what they are: CRIMINAL INVADERS.

While Jose makes $150 a day in cash his wife at home with the 7 kids is collecting free food stamps,free health care,free education,free housing,free Wic,free daycare,free cell phones,free heat vouchers,&amp; he may drive the old truck at work but at home he has his $35,000 truck or suv with the $3000 rims.I see it every day where I live,they have really nice homes too,don't speak a word of English...

Regardless, it looks like path to citizenship will happen in some form or another since most our leaders are leaning in that direction.   The US and Mexico need to eliminate the drug cartels by any means necessary.  The illegal drug trade seems to be a big part of the problem.

So far not one argument for immigration reform.  Think this is telling our leaders something.

What's missing in the picture.  Grabbing their crotch and flipping the bone to you America.  They have as much respect for this country as they do for their own.  This sending us your poor #$%$ has gone to far.What kind of president gives the USA taxpayers money to those who have not paid their own dues up to retirement age, yet  the presidents insists on threatening the USA seniors earned benefits, It is DEFINITELY NOT THE RIGHT KIND OF PRESIDENT.

We sure got what we elected, didn't we?

dems -- Deport at CONSTRUCTION - Jobs -- Now --- WE Vote --- 1ST - PRIMARY

Congress ? - STUDENTS Need jobs -- NOT just loans - NOW -- Get illegals off Thier Jobs ------------------------------------------------They -- VOTE

By reading this am i supposed to develop a sense of pity for these criminals?? Really yahoo? What a crock! Arrest him and his 6 whelps and throw them back over the boarder now! What part of illegal dont you understand?

illegals ? Working - CONSTRUCTION -------------4 - Cash -----------AFL-CIO - Stop Them

For the taxpayers ICE can't deport them fast enough.  All illegals are criminals just by being on our soil.  Treat them as such.

You can't support 6 kids recycling freaking cardboard.  Guess who is paying for them.  Kill all foreign invaders.

100 Senators and illegals == BUSTING The -- BUILDING -- TRADES - Call - FAX Them ------------------------------SEND -- I C E to job sites -- JAIL OWNERS == Stop this 4 GOOD

"More than half of U.S. citizens believe most unauthorized immigrants should be deported, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released in February".  Yet our politicians are doing just the opposite.  Anyone think these people are really working for us or are they just hunting votes?  If you believe that making law breaking, undereducated and under skilled people to the US and making them citizens will help America you are nuts.Pick them up in the back of a truck and tell them you have work. Then start driving towards the border

"He's forgotten that his parents and grandparents got here the same way we did, as immigrants."  - No marcos i'm sorry you are just illegal!  He has citizenship!

WHY do FDA agents go INTO MEXICO ,..... and give out foodstamps to 1.4 MILLION MEXICAN nationals

If he's illegal, why is he here? Get in line.

When will jobless americans get there day?

This is very slanted-many of the illegals have connections to legals who receive food stamps, welfare, housing  etc. The food banks give these people food no questions asked. They frequently use medical insurance cards of the legals.They also have access to charity medical care the list goes on-they will not starve/ be without housing or medical care.

let more Illegals  in ,and deport the ones in washington i am sure they can do a better job

" unauthorized immigrants" "day laborers" what a crock of #$%$! They are Illegal period what a bias pompus #$%$ media we have! Oh boo hoo we are here to contribute blah blah blah,,,well that may be but meanwhile you have damaged our economy. Clearly not by yourself but Illegals are one part of the problem we can actually fix. Will we...of course not they will eventually get citizenship handed to them!

"Day Laborers"= Criminals.....LMAO!

And the newly legalized illegals will be replaced with new illegals  doing the exact same thing for the same exact pay.I wonder if the newly legalized will realize that their new illegal relatives and friends will be holding down their pay?'Raymundo, Aguilar face pressure from one Phoenix police officer who orders them off the street.  "He's Latino, of Mexican descent," said Marcos Lopez".  ---  omg,  the illegals are racists and they expect other Latinos to support them?!   lol

Maybe they shouldn't hold their breath. Or maybe they should and then we don't need another useless immigration law!

I do taxes. The illegals I see don't want to pay them and don't. Most filers with ITINS have enough children that their entire tax liability is wiped out by the child tax credit and additional child tax credit. Some actually get free money if they have enough dependents listed on thier return. They don't qualify for the earned income tax credit. I get countless taxpayers coming through the door with unreported income letters from the IRS where someone else has been working on their SS. I have clients with ITINS walk their returns and stiff me for my work because they would owe Uncle Sam money.The only way to tax illegals and make it work would be a 35% True Flat Tax Rate deducted from all source income. no deductions. no credits. no exceptions. Why 35%? Becasue thats the highest tax rate given to US Citizens and if they are here illegally, they should pay the maximum tax.

"If I can't be legal, at least I can do the right thing"  Yes you can!  Go back to where you came from and try to fix that country instead of adding problems to ours.  Your are ILLEGAL and we do not want you here!

The problem with socialism is eventually you run out of other peoples money to spend!The unskilled, uneducated cannot live in America without either a government handout or resorting to crime. Either way they put the American citizen at risk.How long will Americans allow this invasion to be forced on them? Who will step up and lead us out of these dark times?

here's a thougt,40 years ago I worked in a meat packing house,a good paying job it paid $7.50 an hour. today that same job pays $8.00 an hour.its big corporaitions that want this and the polititions always work for them.not us.if we cant send all our jobs out of the country for cheap labor through free trade then we'll bring cheap labor here through immigration.you'll work for nothing or you won't work,and the govenment will keep you yelling about the other guy getting all these intitlements.while they slowly grind you down until your the mexican doing the day labor for nothing.

Is he here legally? No? Go home. Where are the stories of the Americans (Black, White, Brown) that have seen their wages plummet due to an influx of illegal workers taking jobs at a wage below that an American can live off of while paying SS, Medicare, Taxes, etc.?

A bunch of criminals. Deport them all.

I say....Shoot ILLEGALS onsite problem solved nothing says deterrent like a bullet to the brain..........then IMPEACH THE TRAITORS WHO SUPPORT AMNESTY FOR FOREIGN INVADERS so that this doesn't EVER happen again!

No, he can't wait for amnesty should be the headline.  Mexico has a fence across its southern border, patrolled by their military.  Anyone notice a bit of irony in that?This comment is blocked by Obama

Have not been home to Mexico in ten years.  That shows your not loyal to the US as your home.  Pulling boxes and recyclables out of my dumpster cost me money.  I get paid for the boxes and palets and metal in my bins when the illegals take them I loose money that I would be paid by the recyclers that come to my site.

When will you realize theirs no rule  of law, there people don't care. They put their sad story out and were supposed to feel sorry. Mexico will continue to dump its trash over the border until its a American wasteland, and we all speak Spanish, This land is being sold out by a bunch of greedy politicons

These are all prospective Democrat votes. Who do you think voted that black idiot into office, the low informed. (ignorant masses)

La simpatía es una mierda bethween y el sudor.

The real issue is illegal aliens' children are attending schools and speaking each other in Spanish. English speaking teachers are losing control of their classrooms as students can openly bad mouth about USA and teachers in presence of teachers without feeling reprimand. Obama is just pandering to their votes, but it will only be a matter of time before Hispanic fully realized that they don't share common bonds with other "minorities" (it is a nice way of saying underprivelged because that word is reductant and beaten to death).

How much money have we been spending or shuld i say giving to these people for years! If 1 of our children wanted money to go to school the system would just laugh!

He wants to become a citizen, been here 10 years, and still does not speak our language- go back home Jesus, you aren't really trying.

"It's to show them that you are doing the impossible to survive ... and show them that you are doing the decent thing," said Aguilar, speaking in Spanish. "I am here in this country to contribute."1) If you were doing the decent thing, you would have entered the country LEGALLY!2) If you are here to contribute, speak in english.3) How much of the money you are making are you sending home to Mexico Tax Free? I'm sure IF you are filing taxes as stated, you are reporting ALL of your income. (wink)4) How much do you pay for your Health Care? I make about $40,000 a year and I pay over $600 a month for my family.5) You can visit your family in Mexico anytime.6) That Police Officer you are talking about is doing his job. His job is to keep criminals, which you are since you entered the country illiegally, off the street. Saying that he should show you some special favor bexcause he is latino and has forgetten where he came from, is half the problem. When you come to this country legally, you bring your hertiage with you and assimilate to our culture. You do not try to change the US into a resemblance of Mexico. If you miss your country that much... GO HOME.7) If you want to stay in this country do the right thing and file the appropriate paperwork to enter legally.I have nothing against legal immigration. Those people who follow the law, contribute to our society and are productive citizens. Illegal immigrants sponge off the system, get free health care, free education send milloins if not billions home to Mexico tax free and then make us out to be the bad guys because we don't make them citizens. You came to this country uninvited and unwelcomed and now you feel like we are against you. Duh!

i get so sick and tired of these news agencies trying to make us feel sorry for the illegals. if you believe they commit no crimes, go to the southern Arizona border for a day or two and check it out. they become criminals when they cross the border illegally...treat them as such!!no immigration reform. deport them all.If we cut them off welfare they would go home

If they were not here illegally, they would have no problem.Send em home.

Just like a rat, cut off it's food supply and it will head somewhere else.Romney's self deportation idea was the perfect plan.

If the illegals would get the hell out of our country, this wouldn't be an issue. The fact remains, they have no right to be here! They are illegal and need to be dealt with. We need stricter laws, not less. Obama is killing our country and soon we, the LEGAL citizens, will be the minority in our own country. Do your part, don't hire ANYONE who cannot prove citizenship for anything including landscaping, cleaning, etc. If there is no work for them they will be forced to leave.

Good stand-up citizens should wait at these day labor sites and follow the people that give them day work. Then burn their business or home down, depending on where they have the illegal work. Eliminate their need for an illegal worker by destroying the place they need the work done.

I thought the word illegal was a bad word it hurt there feelings illegals don't want to be called what they are wonder why if you don't want to be called illegal don't come here illegal get in line do it like the law written !

Round every one of these thieves up at bayonet point for deportation and march them back to the border. Then do the same thing to anyone who assisted them in any way - including all these government buffoons who refuse to enforce the laws, and exile them.

How are illegals and U.S. Congressman alike?  They great taken one at a time but in a group????  No way, Jose.

Look what they did to there own country. What do you think they will do tothe u.s ?In time they  will destroy this country. As they did thers.

Pay back taxes? How can you pay back taxes if you don't have a legal social security number to begin with. Arrested for no drivers license= no insurance and if he hits your vehicle you are SH-- out of luck getting it fixed. Wait in line on the other side of the border.Get out. Get in line. Obey the existing laws. Learn English. NO REFORM IS NEEDED, JUST MORE POLICE TO ROUND THEM UP AND KICK THEM OUT AND MORE SECURITY TO KEEP THEM FROM COMING BACK IN.

Get out of my country you filthy parasites.

As usual the title does not reflect that the article is about illegal immigration and the article certainly doesn't address the issue that the illegal day labors are getting exactly what their entitled to, deportation (maybe) and limited entitlements.  Of course illegals are hoping for amnesty so they can officially reap all the entitlements without going through the required process of legal immigration.  And odumbo and his cronies want amnesty IOT reap all the votes to further there progressive agenda.  In the not too soon future Atlas Will Shrug and then the country as we know it will cease to exist.

UNIONS ----------JOB --------------GET illegals -------Off Our Jobs - Hell Trumka does nothing

" After crossing the U.S. border legally over a decade ago, he never left, " if he crossed the border legally, then what is the problem? I think that should probably have said "illegally".Sure these people have an everyday struggle, but if they were here legally they would not have to stay under the radar. If they want citizenship here , let them earn it the way so many others have had to.,

1.23 million illegal immigrants get food stamps here.  We're advertising IN Mexico that they can get them, that you don't have to be a citizen.  Anything for a vote -  let's demand that is the first cut in the budget debate.

JESUS please help us ......... move these box' and till the garden !

We cannot afford to take care of our own people, we need to take care of our own first with what little funds we have.  They have taxed the working people so our checks get smaller to help those here illegally.  I just don't understand how they expect to keep doing it.

there is not enough work hear for americans, so what is this stupidity about giving ILLEGALS citizenship, they don't give two #$%$ about our laws, our constitution.,so what are the feds gonna do? grant them citizenship and tell them they need to pay back taxes and or officially grant them schooling, housing,?thanks mr no balls president you are the greatest

I'm more than happy to accomodate those folks that want to make a better life for themselves to come here LEGALLY and work for a living... it's those clowns that want the US to pay their way, give them "welfare" and claim that OUR land belongs to them, simply because Mexico used to claim it that I have a problem with. The USA has LEGALLY owned this property longer than the nation of Mexico has existed. Does ANYONE really think that Mexico could do better job than the US to keep people 'free'?Put a bounty on them and they'll be rounded up in short order.

Boo f hoo...deport these dirty filthy illegal invaders..now

This just in.......the speaker for the RNC has just announced that the GOP has overwhelmingly approved a measure to have the FCC make all automated  pre recordings read like this;PRESS 1 FOR  HETEROSEXUAL SPANISHPRESS 2 FOR  GAY SPANISHPRESS 3 FOR HETEROSEXUAL ENGLISHPRESS 4 FOR GAY ENGLISH

we need this trash to go back where they came from

If immigration control is racist then Mexico is the racist country in the world.

Immigration law needs reform. Why--- because it is currently based on family relationships. New laws should be made that are based on the country's need for workers. If there is a high skill or low skill job in the US that cannot be filled by an American citizen we should allow an immigrant to take that job. The current system that is heavily biased towards family relationships should be scrapped in favor of a jobs available /worker needed system.

They should be treated like second class people.

Bring them all to the whitehouse to stay...Obama loves them...

The US needs illegal immigrant internment camps.

How can you require they learn English. Many latrino families only speak spanish at home. Kids never master the language. Of course they are taught it is a foreign language to them. Funny how Aisians learn the language so fast. But then they are trying a lot harder for their piece of the pie. Aisians work for their pie, where mexicans wait for it to be handed out."day laborers".......is that what they are calling them now? why arrest heroin and meth dealers? they are just night laborers.

Do they really think that these ILLEGALS will embrace the hard work standards of the oldergeneration.....I BET NOT WHEN THEY CAN GET FREEBIES!!!!

"He's Latino, of Mexican descent," said Marcos Lopez, 32, who shares a two bedroom apartment with five other immigrants to enable him to support his family in Mexico. "He's forgotten that his parents and grandparents got here the same way we did, as immigrants."hmmmm I bet the latino officers grandparents came here legally... drove their car legally with a DL and insurance... paid taxes... put their kids through school that they paid for with those taxes... that's the american dream - the nightmare , the reality is 11+ million illegal aliens in the country.

My Mother -in- Law had an Illegal immigrant get drunk &amp; barrel his truck into her home. My wife (8 MONTHS PREGNANT AT THE TIME) was standing in the room that he drove into &amp; barely escaped being killed!  The idiot had no insurance, no right to be driving, no right to EVEN BE IN THIS COUNTRY!... The guy was arrested for drunk driving and released... If it wasn't for the home owner's insurance, the GIANT hole in the front of the house would've never been fixed... We couldn't sue the idiot because he had nothing to sue for... In fact when we tried, he had fled back to mexico... This was 5 years ago... With the new law in GOOD OLE AZ in effect the guy may not had been released from jail &amp; may have done some deserving time for this.

Illegal aliens should return home and FIGHT for change in their home countries. Not live illegally in the USA. Don't live unlawfully like cowardly mice in the USA stand up and FIGHT like men in Mexico

But that first part is what is the problem that is illegal.Ask these illegals how they would feel if someone rape or killed a member of there family and they were let go because it was illegal to do anything .Better yet how would they feel if someone came their home and rob them.That is what they are doing to us .1 by taking jobs in this country they are robing someone who is here legally from taking that job .2 they also rob us by putting their kids in our schools our money paying for that.They are robbing us every time they go to doctor.So if someone robbed them am sure they would complain

deport

Guess who hires these people to do their menial labor? The same people complain about how man illegal immigrants we have in our country. Demand creates supply.

arizona is trying to act tough now to make a point. they perpetuated this by hiring these people for cheap pay, i saw this in nevada too

American tax payers have become slaves to the rest of the world , washington is giving our tax money away faster than they can collect it ,and letting us live in poverty, WAKE UP AMERICANSobama should have hired more ICE agents instead of more IRS agents , they should be harrassing illegals instead of americans

The Demorats should just make all Mexico eligible to vote. That is really what this immigration bull is about. VOTES! Washington does not represent Joe Plumber.........

"It's to show them that you are doing the impossible to survive ... and show them that you are doing the decent thing," said Aguilar, speaking in Spanish. "I am here in this country to contribute."And he can't even speak english. Send his #$%$ and all illegals home.

At the end of a day of driving around Phoenix in his battered Ford truck scavenging for boxes, Mexican day laborer Jesus Aquilar sells the load to a recycler for pennies a pound, and tosses the yellow receipt with others on his dashboard.Now that President Barack Obama and the U.S. Congress have begun a push for comprehensive immigration reform, he wants to ensure he will benefit. When the time comes - if it does - to apply for legal status, the stash of dog-eared receipts could be a paper trail to a hoped-for life out of the shadows.Go back to Mexico, you loser! Legal immigrants I welcome to my nation------------Mexican or otherwise.

It states he shares a 2-bedroom apartment with 5 other illegals....Well I can almost gurantee you that's a lie more like 15-25 of living in that aptartment .

Well Said Carol, and the term is Illegal Aliens. Try doing the same very thing in Mexico and see what happens to an American when they try to get work, or make demands such as are being made in the USA! ! ! You will find those Americans in jail, when they are released they are deported back to the US! ! !

Great. So now Jesus and his 6 kids will soon get free housing, medical care, food, daycare....all on our dime.  Yippee for immigration reform.  Make me sick.

It cost the US a tune of $338.8 BILLION a year in various programs for them being here.  This could help to pay down the deflect.

At $50,00.00 entrance fee It would be a good way to generate more money for Obama to #$%$ away.....

to be spanish, i agree to have certain immigrints deported, criminals, killers, rapist etc. Now on the other hand to have been brought to this country as a child and just want to live the american dream and work and raise my kids right and be a law abiding citizen. i will pay fines, i will pay taxes as long as my family is together i will do that to be in this country. i rather stick out her then go back to my 3rd world country, even if i am poor here, i will still be better off then going back to that.,... Yours truly Almost legal.Americans need to work the fields we have enough uneducated laborers in American to stop all this illegal immigration.

illegal immigrant ,, what part of illegal do the feds not get.  Send them back  Lock down the border,  put up a fence  run 10, 000 volts through it and put a sign on it,  in english  warning if you touch it you die.

Over ---- 2 mil ---------------VETERANS --- Out of Work -- = No Amnesty - AGAIN - Senators----------------------------------------------------------------------------stoping this post 2 x - why -- yahoo - worker in USA

@ JO  why do you have an american flag for your picture you dont sound to patriotic

"The United States Of Mexico." Get use to it.

Shoot these low life filth. Shoot the politicians that have allowed them to destroy this country for treason.

"4-5 years ago work was good" obama destroyed the economy and your $150 a day work as a day laborer and you think his legallizing immagrants is a good idea too?? obummer is a failure and since he couldn't conquer as an adored high n mighty he will take being the worst president who has destroyed the most. i'm so so dissappointed in this country, allowing this type of #$%$, destroying our foundation, and our pride in a country that WAS respected and loved and envied all over the world.

All the Illegal immigrants are trying to do is claim back the land of their ancestors before they were driven out and into Mexico.

This is another political coersion for votes. A tug of war between both parties that just can't stop campaigning to save their lives.The GOP and the Tea Party are plotting overtime for the next election.

You're here illegally! That right there tells us what kind of person you are! If Mexico sucks that bad, you should be trying to do something about it. Not burdening the U.S. with your country's failure to provide.It's really easy to just sit back and type the words-Mexico needs to fix itself. Give them a way to do this. None of you seem to read all the stories about what goes on down there. I would NEVER want to even visit that country. There is no Gov't or military, it's all drug cartels and violence. I certainly would not want to raise a family down there since the children are taken and used in the drug trade, or murdered, or sold, or used as sex slaves, etc.As for being an immigrant-I hate to spoil your vision of who you are, but, unless you are an American Indian---SURPRISE--- you are the product of Immigrants, as we all are, unless you are the product of an Illegal, the kind you are complaining about.Whatever happens with this issue, your words will not change it, because they are only words and since when did this Gov't of ours ever listen to us. They will do what they want to do, like always, and, it will all depend on Votes, as always.

I dont see the problem?? Mr. Obama is simply buying milions more votes!! Thats the new american way.

i  have lived in arizona since 2005 and have seen all of this. the first man stated that he was making $150 a day, then the next paragraph states " then came the backlash from anti-illegal immigration activists...", well sorry but that statement is #$%$, those type of "activists" have always been here, what dried up was the work, the economy in this state tanked! before the economy fell apart, you could not drive down any of the main streets without seeing a group of 10-15 of these men hanging out in front of some store, when the things changed, not the law, but the economy--they were no where around. i have no problem with "LEGAL" immigration, just like what my grandfather did when he came to this country in the early 1900s,do i think that the path should be easier, yes! do i think that we need reform, yes! do i think the ones that knowingly hire illegals should pay dearly for it, yes! dealt with enough of those jerks, even had coffee thrown at me when i confronted them. what im tried of is seeing the ones who are doing little but living off the govt, see that everyday at the complex that i live in. they are sitting around drinking their beer while i am off to work my second job. dont know how they got it, but they laugh at me and thank me for working for them.

How would any day laborer with 5 children pay federal taxes ?   When he files his tax returns he will receive everything he has paid back and more.  Illegal or not illegal he would not pay federal taxes.

I live in Phoenix.The day laborers are outside of all Home Depot's, certain gas stations, and mostly Central City or West Side.Huge population:with dependents.Problem is that the children are American citizens and deporting them means an American citizen is essentially orphaned.My guess is that Phoenix would have to build easily 400 orphanages to house the children if the parents are deported-heartbreaking quandry.There is easily 25000 American children of illegal immigrants here in the city.

"You have to pay your taxes. Why? So you can collect that fat Earning Income Payment.

Round them up throw them across the boarder. Then put welfare rats as day workers. What is barry and holder going to do about, just run their mouths.

In 2010, there were 1.3 million Mexicans on the legal "waiting list".  That same year, 26,000 visas were granted to Mexico.  Do the math; it takes 20-30 years to get in legally.  Had this been the case when our ancestors immigrated, we'd probably still be speaking Polish, French or German.  We need REFORM!!!

WOW sooooo many of us  natural citizens are having a daily battle for survival, thanks to the free handouts to you Illegal Mexicans.  I don't feel sorry for you.

He wants to be legal so he can get food stamps and welfare.nice job contributing to MY country, you are a piece of human garbage.Ok but how about the part where he has 6 kids...who is really ending up paying for them if they come over here too? We are. Secondly, it's going to be interesting when the second worker has to pay taxes here and still has to send money back to Mexico for his kids.

BY FAR THE MOST EFFECTIVE CURE FOR ILLEGAL IMIGRATION IS THE SAME TODAY AS IT WAS 40 YEARS AGO... arrest all the Republican farmers and other business people who knowingly and deliberately and preferentially hire illegals... have them pay a fine at least equal to what it costs this nation to support all the illegals they have hired... or send them to prison, UNLESS they cooperate with the government to find people who hire illegals and to bust them, too, AND/OR cooperate to help track down all illegals and to deport them.  I AM VERY SYMPATHETIC TO ALL THOSE ILLEGALS WHO ARE HERE JUST TRYING TO MAKE A BETTER LIFE FOR THEMSELVES, AND WHO DO SO WITHOUT CAUSING TROUBLE... I WOULD DO THE SAME THING IF I WERE IN THEIR SHOES... but the fact is, they are here illegally, and they are causing enormous amounts of problems by being here illegally.  SO, we have no moral or legal choice but to send them back where they came from, OR make it possible for them to jump through some fairly tough hoops to become legal.

I believe in LEGAL immigration, I believe that it should be made more accessable to illegals. I also know if it weren't for immigration, most of us wouldn't be here in this great nation today. My Grandparents on both sides came over on boats from Poland, Germany, and Austria. BUT, they came thru Ellis Island AND because of that, they were CHECKED OUT EXTENSIVELY.  Where they were from, their names, what the did for a living, if they had any money to start a new life with, if they had a record in their country of origin, if they were carrying any diseases with them, if they were ill at the time of arrival, etc. All of the above could have you held there until you were well enough to enter the America or some of those problems could have you shipped back to your country and marks as damaged goods, never to be let into America. Hard thing to go thru, yes, but, I believe that is what is needed now, not just in one place anymore, but, at least one in Florida and one at the Mexican border. I believe that this would help most all present Americans feel better about who is given legal status here. I also belive that all who are working illegals would just have to take less of a profit and more civilized payments for the work that these people do when they come over here. Americans are too soft for the most part to do these jobs and live like these people have to. So if they don't mind the work that needs to be done, who the heck are we not to give them a chance to become usful citizens of this Great Nation???? Just one thing, I don't want to live in Cuba or Mexico, if I did, I would want to learn THEIR language. Sooooooooo if they want to live here with US, THEY NEED TO LEARN OURS, and stop trying to force use to learn theirs. They want our lands, they should have to live by our standards.

Pay a fine and get kicked out #$%$.

I do not feel sorry for this persons he been in this country for ten years and hasn't learn English along with being stop by police having no driver license and no insurance, being a citizens they would of impound my car and I would of went to jail. but in this guy case he is allow to drive away, what make the illegals so special they lie steal people ID social security and get a free ride even free medical. I feel everyone of the people needs to be remove from our country not rewards, our government has allow illegals to break every laws on the book but walk over it own citizens. If Obama give the people amnesty he should be remove from office along with the senate and congress period. Yes my government has made me dislike illegals for they are allowing them to change our laws and tell our government what they can and can't do.Send them back to the cesspool they came from do not allow them to turn this country into a cesspool, once they get more power our government will be taken over and this country will become another Mexico. No matter what your government tell you their is between 30 and 40 million illegals in this country not a 11 million look at the number that been coming here for the last 30 years, our government math doesn't add up. Explain to me what make our citizenship  worth anything when non citizens are treated better than a citizens.I do not care to say what is correct so I do not hurt the feeling of a illegals for me they are trash and needs to be remove period.

I feel so hopeless about all of this.  What can we do?  The politicians (POS) don't listen to us.  What can we do about it as LEGAL CITIZENS of the USA?

I love how these sobbing stories never mention the day laborers harrasing women and girls who come anywhere near them.    Intimidating customers into staying away from some stores.    They tried to shut down a large furniture store in AZ because the store dared to tell them to stop hanging around on it's property.No story there right?   lol

RE: WELFARE REFORM irteen years after welfare reform, the share of immigrant-headed households (legal and illegal) with a child (under age 18) using at least one welfare program continues to be very high. This is partly due to the large share of immigrants with low levels of education and their resulting low incomes — not their legal status or an unwillingness to work. The major welfare programs examined in this report include cash assistance, food assistance, Medicaid, and public and subsidized housing.Among the findings:In 2009 (based on data collected in 2010), 57 percent of households headed by an immigrant (legal and illegal) with children (under 18) used at least one welfare program, compared to 39 percent for native households with children.Immigrant households’ use of welfare tends to be much higher than natives for food assistance programs and Medicaid. Their use of cash and housing programs tends to be similar to native households.A large share of the welfare used by immigrant households with children is received on behalf of their U.S.-born children, who are American citizens. But even households with children comprised entirely of immigrants (no U.S.-born children) still had a welfare use rate of 56 percent in 2009.Immigrant households with children used welfare programs at consistently higher rates than natives, even before the current recession. In 2001, 50 percent of all immigrant households with children used at least one welfare program, compared to 32 percent for natives.Households with children with the highest welfare use rates are those headed by immigrants from the Dominican Republic (82 percent), Mexico and Guatemala (75 percent), and Ecuador (70 percent). Those with the lowest use rates are from the United Kingdom (7 percent), India (19 percent), Canada (23 percent), and Korea (25 percent).The states where immigrant households with children have the highest welfare use rates are Arizona (62 percent); Texas, California, and New York (61 percent); Pennsylvania (59 percent); Minnesota and Oregon (56 percent); and Colorado (55 percent).We estimate that 52 percent of households with children headed by legal immigrants used at least one welfare program in 2009, compared to 71 percent for illegal immigrant households with children. Illegal immigrants generally receive benefits on behalf of their U.S.-born children.Illegal immigrant households with children primarily use food assistance and Medicaid, making almost no use of cash or housing assistance. In contrast, legal immigrant households tend to have relatively high use rates for every type of program.High welfare use by immigrant-headed households with children is partly explained by the low education level of many immigrants. Of households headed by an immigrant who has not graduated high school, 80 percent access the welfare system, compared to 25 percent for those headed by an immigrant who has at least a bachelor’s degree.

Perhaps we should bomb and liberate Mexico and build a democratic Government. It worked so well in Korea, Vietnam, Iraq, and Afghanistan.

You want to contribute? HOW about speaking the damn language!the temporay tax id number this guy got was fraudulantly taken from some other us citizen, so he could use it to gain income. these guys should be afraid.  when you break the law, you must stand and answer for what you have done. and if you are here illegally, you will get deported.

Immigrant is a the Liberal way to spell ILLEGAL ALIEN! What part of illegal don't you understand? The Mexican's even understand it...why don't you? Their just here for the money! They would even tell you that to your face!!  Idiots!!!

Nearly one-third of Bethesda Hospital East's 2,900 births each year are paid for by Emergency Medicaid, the category that covers mainly illegal immigrants. The category includes a small proportion of homeless people and legal immigrants who've been in the country less than five years.Hospitals can't ask patients whether they're illegal immigrants, but instead determine that after checking whether they have Social Security numbers, birth certificates or other documents."We gather information to qualify patients for something and through that process, if you really hit a dead end, you know they are illegal," said Steve Short, the chief financial officer at Tampa General Hospital.A 2007 medical article in the Journal of the American Medical Association reported that 99 percent of those who used Emergency Medicaid during a four-year period in North Carolina were thought to be illegal immigrants

Another interesting article on MEDICARE paying for illegal immigrants medical care: Federal law generally bars illegal immigrants from being covered by Medicaid.  But a little-known part of the state-federal health insurance program for the poor has long paid about $2 billion a year for emergency treatment for a group of patients who, according to hospitals, mostly comprise illegal immigrants.The lion's share goes to reimburse hospitals for delivering babies for women who show up in their emergency rooms, according to interviews with hospital officials and studies.AND CONGRESS IS TRYING TO CUT MEDICARE??

11 million of these people here and how many unemployed americans hmmmm wonder why???????? Once again gooooooo hoooooome

How does one honestly beleive that he is contributing to this country, when he is not who he presents himself as being?  He had to lie about his status, buy or forge documents to work, and never bothered to learn enough English to communicate with those in thie country. Where do they get this feeling that they deserve to be gifted with the right to remain here, after they have cheated the system for so long?

the united states goverment continues to ignore the will of the people instead they choose to lie and state the majority of americans support a path to citizenship of these illeagles. the majority does not.we americans are suffering more now than anytime in my life im 58 someone my age tell me when times were harder''deport all of them or re-open ellis island!

Stop the anchor baby rule. That should cut out about half of the illegals.

I hear complaints about illegals all the time.....so what do we do about it?

"Obama wants Congress to send him a bill tightening border security and giving many of the 11 million unauthorized immigrants like Aguilar a shot at citizenship, provided they pay fines, back taxes, learn English and wait in line."How does all of this occur.  Aquilar in the opening story, is selling boxes for pennies a pound and then hanging around with his friends all day.  Where is he going to get the money to pay the fines and back taxes?  Also, since he conducted the interview in Spanish, it is obvious he has made not attempts to learn English even though it appears he has been in the US for quite awhile.  Am I supposed to support this rediculous effort?  Not!Which party do you suppose he will vote for?  That is the motivation for those to get these as 'legals'

I have a cousine who was basically forced to leave Newmexico because he couldnt survive on the low wages created by illegals, and where did this guy get his scrap, I'm sure it was all legally obtained.

its not immigration reform its immigration failure.

Anyone of these nice gentleman have the potential to become Pope one day.

united states of mexico...damn sad but its happing right before our eyes

Mr. Gaynors' pitiful attempt to drum up support for the "poor struggling immigrant" is pure B.S. Why not write an article describing the way back to their real home?

Ironic, " over 50 percent of American's feel these intruders should be deported" but who cares what the majority of Tax paying Americans think RIGHT obama?  Who cares what the WE THE PEOPLE want right obama? It is all about what the people that want to destroy the legend of the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA get what they want. Hunt them down and deport them NOW because a civil war is going to erupt eventually once people get to the boiling point and then WHAT?

If you've been here for TEN years......."SPEAK ENGLISH".....If the hispanic voted for a second term for obama/democratic.....How many were "ILLEGAL VOTERS"

When I came to this country, I had to learn english. There were no "official forms" in German for drivers license, SS applications and such! The law was written in "English" Only!!!!

What most people forget is that it is not the Federal Government that picks up most of the tab for the illegals to be here, it is the states and local communities they are in, If the Federal Government was to pick the tab up they would have gone broke a few years ago.NO MAS!!!!!

When I was 14 I was walking to the store from my house, which was one block away, as I got on to the street behind the store two Hispanic men who barely spoke any English started to threaten me and yell at me demanding I get into their car. I ran as fast as I could into the store and called my parents to come get me.When I was 18, I was out with some of my friends, when three Mexican men approached us, they had gang tattoos on their arms and necks, two sat down next me on, both sides of me, and one kept trying to grab me, I started to get up and get away from him when all the sudden I felt a crack in the back of my head, the friend of the guy who kept trying to grab me hit me in the back of the head with the butt end of a pool stick, he got right behind and said "You never ignore my friend, you have no clue what he is capable of doing to you". I was a little out of and in shock of what had just happened, but my friends and I immediately left.A year ago, my neighbors house was broken into in the middle of the night and her 17 y/o daughter was sexually assaulted by an illegal immigrant. Ever since then, the family and friends of the guy who did this was threatening and harassing them to drop the charges against him. Even after he was convicted they still harassed them.My point is, that we have a serious problem, and it is primarily with Mexicans who have jumped our borders illegally. It is one race that is primarily causing this, no matter how much people want to call you racist, and deny it, that is a fact.

Six kids? Really? SIX!?

Some of you (tea-party) people are still fighting a lost cause!The South ‘LOST’!  - Get over it.

The Republican - Tea Party has proven itself to be:                                                                                                                    A {bunch} of “RACIST” (just read some of the p0st on here)                                                                                        and the enemy of the American people.And they will do “NOTHING” but cause theRepublicans to “LOSE” BIG time in 2014 and in 2016.                                                                                                                                                                                               The Democrats will win for sure if you 'RACIST-FARROW'S' keep talking.                                                                                                  So “PLEASE” keep being a racist it helps…!!!

Who is going to insure that these illegal aliens learn English, pay back taxes, and wait in line?What will it cost us taxpayers to teach 11 million people to speak English?What will it cost in administrative fees to see that these people pay all their fines and back taxes?If they don't do these things, they won't be considered citizens I presume, which leaves us right back at square one, only having thrown hundreds of billions of dollars away.

Go back to your own country and contribute.  Maybe then it won't be such a #$%$ hole.  We are trying to keep this country from becoming one which is why we want you kicked out.

before long gays might have rights , illegals might get to stay, they might try to take our guns , if this happens lets just let everyone out of jail , dont enforce any laws , let people just do and act like they want ,this is a look ahead of what a once great country will look like before long

They could earn $150.00 a day in construction whiel in the black communities across america a black man can not get a job.  these illegal have no stake in america . They are here to steal, cheat, and force their ways on the american people.

What's wrong, not enough blacks selling crack these days to justify police forces?Where are the skin heads when you really need them.

America is DEAD! Immigrate get out!

Can we PLEASE start deporting these people and stop rewarding them.Wait a minute,they'll just sneak right back over the border.What's the use?

This is what's wrong - Marcos complains about the Hispanic Police Officer: ""He's forgotten that his parents and grandparents got here the same way we did, as immigrants."Marcos, did you EVER think they did it the LEGAL way?I would be upset with people who ditch lines too.

American working tax payers have the burden of financing the rest of the world for nothing thanks to washington for not being in touch with america

illegal immigrants  jobs paying low wages . The latino and hispanic immigration people lowered the standards of living in this country in the last 10 years. We all have to work cheaper to compete with them..USA has more people living poor now then ever and it seems like its not getting better. Now UAS is a poverty country like other third world countrys

said Aguilar, speaking in Spanish. "I am here in this country to contribute."Well then, apply like all of the LEGAL immigrants did before you!! Otherwise, get inrto your "tattered" truck and go the fuq back to mexico!

Mexico is a beautiful and diverse country full of natural resources, but the people are so poor. I feel for this man, but I dont believe that he will ever pay taxes on that income and instead will qualify for tax credits. We are a country of laws and yet Id hate to see a good family man after being here 10yrs be deported. We need a compromise. We need to stop any MORE illegals coming into this country undocumented. Jobs are scarce and money is tight and the sad truth is they arent needed as much. But it does not help the economy in any way for a man to be paid less than he is worth just to work and a citizen cant get that job because the illegal works for less. Its a mess really, but dont think this bill is going to help anyone. The gentleman has been here 10yrs and has yet to learn english..will he ever, does it really matter to anyone.

GO HOME

"day laborers"... ILLEGAL ALIENS ARE WHAT THEY ARE!!!!! Adopt Mexico's immigration laws!!!!Damned Aguilar, takin' a job wanted by a god fearin' American white man, picking up cardboard out of dumpsters!  lol

At least someone is supporting immigration reform.

Arizona's immigration law saw nearly a quarter of Arizona's unauthorized population flee in 2010. I would say that's effective immigration reform policy and the kind we need on a national level, not amnesty. Washington only wants the Hispanic vote and they are willing to screw American citizens to get it. Also, the 11 million number is bs. There are estimated to be 4,000 or so crossings per day in Arizona alone, of which, according to this article 1,600 are arrested. That means 2,300 x 365 x 1 decade = 8.4 million in AZ alone! And not even counting the kids they have had! Even if the 11M number were true, once they grant amnesty, every Paco, Pepe and Pancho will tell all their cousins to come over here and just give them a bunch of receipts, etc to falsely show they've been in the U.S. all this time too. The whole thing is #$%$. Our federal government is so corrupt. What happened to this country??!

The "laws" they are working on with 10 to 15 year waits, fees, fines, etc. are DOA , even if passed, and as unenforceable as what we have now without a big investment in more government!  Just a refined Romney "Self Deport" feel good token! Those people are not "planning" lives 10 - 20 years down the road, they're hurting NOW! And the "Border Fence" unless it's modeled on the Cold War East/West German one - will be a joke too!

..........."Everyone wants a little bit of paper so that they can go and visit their families in Mexico," ........How is he wrong?

Go back to Mexico Pendaho!  ANd take your wellfare babies with you!

Don't blame the illegals blame yourselves you vote into office people like McCain for example then what do you expect.

God created us all equal but not in equal circumstances.  Man trying to make  all equal in circumatances has never worked and never will.  I really do admire this person for trying his best to make a better life  but passing 'laws' is not the answer.

I wonder how many american kids are willing to do the needed jobs these illegals do? I don't recall seing any americans outside homedepot in the early morning...they just go to the unemployment office and suck away on the teet and complain about there being no jobs.

If Illegals go, burgers will triple in priceYep, "Day Laborers" (aka...ILLEGAL ALIEN CRIMINALS) can't wait for Politicians to Violate American Law...and give YOUR American jobs away. What a  great bunch of guys.

Not a rascist, but the color of the americans is becomming darker and darker. And in some regions you really need spanish to communicate with the locals. America is gradually losing its anglo-saxon-european outlook...

I keep asking myself why do we need immigration reform when we have good laws already but are not enforced? How does allowing illegals to cross the open border and stay in our country help the legal people?

If "immigration reform" includes citizenship for those that snuck into our country under cover of darkness, there will be a large tarpot and a semi-trailer full of feathers on the steps of the capitol building.

They set there and contractors pick them up to do work they wont do them selfs cause there to lazy to do or to fat to do.

You ask most Americans they say immigration doesn't need to be reformed it needs to be enforced. The only ones who say it needs to be reformed are the illegals. When did they say what is supposed to happen in OUR country?!? If they don't like it here then why are they here in the first place? Go back and stop mooching off legal citizens.

wow, this is quite the propaganda piece. joseph goebbels would be proud.what they dont tell you is that once mr paper recycler gets a greencard he is eligible for government assistance and all the entitlement handouts, not to mention the fact that he wont make enough to owe any taxes.maybe he should go and "contribute" to mexico

It is time for REAL Americans to stop giving money to the Republican and Democrat parties and start giving money to militia parties.  Take back our nation.

i get so angry, when reform is,talked about,   what don't you #$%$ people understand about illegal  they broke the dam law, nobody is tring to doing, anything about it !!!!   WHAT THE #$%$ IS GOING ON HERE..???  ok everybody just start doing what you like, if they don't have to follow the law, we should not have to

The majority of Americans want immigration reform now.  Let's get with it, Congress.  And...GOPers....quit complaining about our federal government not doing it's job while supporting a Party that promotes a weak people's government.  You can't have it both ways.and never vote ,or get welfare or gov assistance

I used to go to mexico once a year to to visit my grandfather and i had to go through 4 oir 5 check points  filled with federal troops. This was back in the1970`s,till this day they are still doing the same thing, trying to find a small excuse to rip you off big time. We all know the government is corropt and they like to prey on tourist and if you can`t speak spanish to defend yourself, don`t go there. President Reagan was a great president in some categories but was made into a jack#$%$ when he gave abnesty in 1986 to illegles with the promise of the mexican president to stop the flow of illegals into this country. What happened? is our government that stupid to reward people that cross the border with out documents. You can`t enter any country without documents, and if you do its a crime. And any person who converts their garrage without a building permit to harbor illlegals should be thrown in jail,pay a fine and pay back taxes for not pulling a permit to put a kitchen and toilets in the garrage. I tried to buy my first home recently and 80% had toilets and kitchens installed in the garrage with out permits. These home owners had their mortgages paid by this illegle activetyin the city of Santa ana, Calif. and city council knows about this and should be fired for allowing this to happen, the city lost allot orf revenue because of this, and i have a neigbor who harbors illegles and his tennent is having her 5th anchor baby. these people think that babies are documents. They should consider these babies born where their mother was born if they are here illegally. Hey! guess who`s paying for these ancher babies? They`er only only $14,000 each if not more, if you don`t have medical insuraunce. Quit rewarding people for breaking the law!

"Immigration Reform". A gutless way of saying its too late we've already given this great country away.

At the present, there is a great increase in the percentage of the disappearing middle class Caucasians, NRA,  Sheriff Joe (who should lead us) and many other organizations, looking to go along with parts of his leadership, concerning south of the Border immigration.,   The Banking Industry along with the Mexican Cartel in which the Cartel has joined the one percent in the past 6 years and the 535 persons running this country is supporting the 1%, yet inside trading, kickbacks, for elections and none is on their hit list. Of course, they have influence over our banks also, with those bankers not much different. It is no wonder our good businesses have to go to China to get protected. We have very little protection here.  In 30 days they are executed or let loose in China and 200 body parts would sell back to Americans. The U.S. government is on the defensive. There is a major crisis threatening America's security. This diabolical threat does not involve foreign terrorists, Chinese spies, Al-Qaeda; or the Russian Mafia. This unrelenting threat comes from major Norco gangsters known throughout the U.S. and South America as Mexican drug traffickers. On December 15th 2008, the U.S. government declared that Mexican drug traffickers who join forces with other street-level gangs, the Italian Mafia, and other crime groups to smuggle drugs across the border have become the biggest organized crime threat to the National Security in America.  Mexican drug organizations represent the greatest organized crime threat in America, the report stated.  The influence of Mexican drug trafficking is totally unrivaled.  Mexican drug syndicates now dominate the drug trafficking industry. It is no secret, government officials say,  that drug cartels based in Mexico are the most dangerous and politically connected crime syndicates in the Western hemisphere and eventually will spread their power bases across the globe.  In addition to drug trafficking violence, criminal groups in Mexico have kidnapped dozens of American citizens for ransom.  FBI Director Robert Mueller described Mexican cartels, and other gangs based in the U.S. as more organized, more violent and widespread than ever.  The Department of Justice estimated there are approximately 30,000 gangs with more than 800,000 members in the U.S. that pose a growing threat to the safety and security of Americans. Approximately 90 percent of the cocaine, smuggled into the United States, is trafficked through Mexico, according to the State Department 2008 International Narcotics Control Strategy Report. ) Mexican Cartels &amp; drug distribution in most U.S. cities are currently gaining strength in markets they do not yet control the report discovered. (2) Mexican Cartels supplied drugs to approximately 230 U.S. cities between January 2006 and April 2008. (3) U.S. officials also alarmed about illegal meth use, although importation restrictions stemmed the meth flow from Mexico in 2007 and 2008. (4) Organized Mexican and Colombian drug traffickers earned between $18 billion and $39 billion in wholesale profits.  Us ex- Marines are waiting to be mobilized. These Jails, Judges, and Lawyers are monetary gains for them. Put them all in a desert, give them guns and let them kill each other. You cannot change them. Make new laws on this issue.   A civil war is among many Americans minds.  If so, wonder who side  Obama and those 535 persons running   America Is going to be on.

Good luck there, Aguilar, Obama got your vote, he's in this term, he's out next term. No need to honor promises made to you.Just another 4 years of the same old, same old. And everybody pays. And pays. And pays.

Sell your BANJOS so you  can eat more or find some ROADKILL and stick to drinking MOONSHINE because there is no money and or jobs left. The MEXICANS took all our jobs!!!!The TACO REFORM has ruined us all!!!!!OBAMA needs to stop eating NACHOS!!!UNCLE-DADDY can feed the kids anymore!!!!

Illegal immigration is a crime.  Stop rewarding criminal activity.  Stop rewarding criminals.

Net search"Richard Nixon Imigration Reform"Haa  by Republicans law All Illegal's are leagle.That's hilarious

The single root cause of the 10 million+ illegals in this countries are the folks who ILLEGALLY hire them.  For the past decade, I have heard nothing but useless garbage about how to deal with this issue.  The only way to get the illegals to deport themselves is to GO AFTER and severely penalize folks who hire illegals -&gt; they lose their business license or get jail time.  Since it is considered inhumane to go after the illegals themselves, the only alternative is to go after the business owners.

The U.S. illegal immigrant population includes farm, restaurant, hotel and construction workers, students, and others."  Funny how this article does not address the millions of 'others' - prisoners and welfare recipients.its all a play for the hispanic,latino,chicano, la raza vote.........and these people think the democrats care for them?

why not hier bank robbers to work in the bank! drug users to work in wal greens and rite aid.how about sex offenders? how about pre-schools! you liberials need to wake up. why do think our kids can't get jobs that help them develop work skills? illigals take those jobs! if your not bi-lingal you don't get hired in enter level jobs!.. duh!!

Be sure to T,-weet – AND – f) aceb00k this 7 million times :The Republicans (aka: Tea party) is getting low on money because the,1.	Sk!nheads are getting low on money.2.	Neo-C0nfederates are getting low on money.3.	Wh!te Nationalist are getting low on money.4.	Ku – K1ux – K1an are getting low on money.5.	Christian Identity is getting low on money.6.	Aryan Nations are getting low on money.7.	White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan are getting low on money.8.	Confederate Hammerskins are getting low on money.9.	Knights of the Southern Cross are getting low on money.10.	Aryan Terror Brigade is getting low on money.11.	Supreme White Alliance is getting low on money.                                                                                       12. $T0RMFR0NT is getting low on money.So when the Republicans and or Tea Party asks you to give money:These are the groups that you will be giving your hard earned money to .F!ght racism with your ‘VOTE’

Be sure to pass this “FACT” around (T,-weet or f) aceb00k it 5 million times):If you ‘DON’T’ want to give money to help fund the terr0rists group;that some call the “KKK” or ‘ST0RMFR0NT’.Then you should remember that when you give money for a political donation tothe TEA-PARTY (aka: republicans).You ‘WILL’ be giving your hard earned money to:The KKK or ‘ST0RMFR0NT’ (‘BOTH’ are racist &amp; terr0rist groups).Because: the ‘NEW’ Republican-Tea-party has been taken over by these groups.

And by the looks of this picture, ICE can't come quick enough either!

These illegal aliens have been driving down my wage and taking work away from American construction workers for my entire life. Now our politicians pander to them in an effort to get the "hispanic" vote.

I always give them work

Texas treats illegals better than U.S. citizens that has not broken the law... when the illegals open a business they can't speak english and they only hire illegals....and the illegals working at McDonalds and Walmart can't speak english all they do is look at u like a deer glaring into headlights....ughhhhh teenagers no longer are considered for the fast food jobs due to the fact mcdonalds &amp; walmart can hire illegals for cheap...illegal hit my vehicle no insurance no drivers license officer admitted illegal had flea market id card but illegal was allowed to drive off like nothing happened...

The officer, they say, is Hispanic, a fact they find ironic."He's Latino, of Mexican descent," said Marcos Lopez, 32, who shares a two bedroom apartment with five other immigrants to enable him to support his family in Mexico. "He's forgotten that his parents and grandparents got here the same way we did, as immigrants."Obviously his English is #$%$.  He is not an immigrant.  He is illegal.  The police officer either came through legally, or his ancestors did.  My grandmother (mom side) came through the Nogales port, and we have the document numbers to prove it was legal. He will find that those of us that have ancestry that came here legally are the most staunch supporters of having them deported!!!!!!!!

seriously? what the hell do they have to complain about?! Everything is just handed to them on a silver platter. Sure enough, im pretty sure most people can put on a sad desperate face in front of a camera too. We're still not good enough for them?! Huh, well then Get Out!!When the majority of Americans begin to favor same sex marriage, the press touts that as prove it should become law.  When the majority of Americans ( up to 80%) have favored sending illegals home, the press just posts more stories about how we should not send them back---the hypocrisy is incredible-how about it press? Want to print what most Americans believe about illegals ??

The right spent all this effort kicking out all Blacks and Hispanics and Muslims and Asians and Gays and their Women who don't want 12 kids and their poor from their Party and now their Corporate Masters are demanding they invite the Hispanics back to their fields and work-sites.

Ow Wow!  The Party of the right is just like The Founding Fathers again!  If they want any Minorities; they'll Import some!

11million plus on average 3-4 children, who were born her so they are counted as citizens. Now do the math there. We, as taxpayers, pay 40 billion just towards education of illegals. That's just education. Not to mention that at least 49% get some type of government assistance.

Under President Obama over one million immigrants have been deported.  Tens of thousands of mothers have been taken away from their children.  Some children end up in foster care and are lost forever to their parents.  The 'reform' that is offered requires immigrants to come forward, admit they have commited the crime of coming to the US without permision, and give their name to the police.  They will then be allowed to get at the 'back of the line' to apply for legal immigrant status.  Some waits are ten to twenty years.  Employers will be able to dominate workers who have no rights and can be deported at the bosses say so.  Like bondservants.  Has any of this filtered down to these poor, hopefull workers.  Reform targets them, it does not help them.  Out of the frying pan, into the fire.

Republicans should stop whining about illegal’s and compete for those jobs and when the jobs are taken by Republicans the illegal’s will leave without taxpayers spending a dime to remove them. Republicans, it’s in your power to solve America’s illegal immigration issue. So solve it!

So we're supposed to feel sorry for these people because although they are here completely illegally they are just "trying to do the right thing"?

The only way to fix this, call your politician and let him know, if he passess this, he will be out of a job next term - its the only way we have in order to stop this travesty!

Perhaps all these day laborers should return to MX, Central or South America and day labor there!

We HAVE people that will work hard and make this country even greater if you the cheap labor would GTF out.I have been a single woman for 20+ years here in CA. The Caucasian men (and women too) had to pack up and leave because they could not get jobs that paid a decent enough salary to pay their expenses because of the poop between our toes.Treasonous, oligarch, trash...they will ask for living wages as soon as you legalize them. Why didn't you hire Americans in the first place? Oh that's right...so you can turn the cheek some more and let more "black haired waterfall" in.All of you legalizing these people are looking out for noone but your porfolio's and the friends at the country club's. We should take you all out to the south forty and put us all out of misery. Traitors, filth of the earth. You just wait.Contribute in your country . We built, fought and died for our country, and you expect us to hand it over to you . Go home .

This subject is kinda like the green energy thing: NOW is NOT the time to be giving amnesty. It's time to fix the economy, police the people on welfare and put everyone to work.

i would prefer them dead in mexico than living off taxpayers dime in the usa. the problem is the corrupt mexican elitists that suck the money from the government. remember pemex went broke during the $120 barrell oil days. greed &amp; corruption, what makes the brown ones certain we want that in this country? fuok them.

This is ridiculous, theses adults are here illegally and we gift them with citizenship?  Do you know that in Mexico you can't hold most decent jobs unless you are a citizen?  I don't get it....no other country in the world tolerates this kind of ILLEGAL influx and we are looking at rewarding criminals.

wow in one paragraph they can go from illegal immigrant to hispanic voter

Send them all back where they came from.

mexico GDP -MOVING AT 5%  US - GDP- moving 1%.how did this happen, just asking ,does anyone know .

ILLEGALS is what the WORD means and if you can not understand it get the #$%$ out of my country anyway. you need to be run out of America along with Obama so the American people can get this country back on it's right track. Your clogging up are system.

When it comes to immigration I feel that when our nation was young and getting started we welcome immigrants from all over the world to populate the U.S. and make it strong. In my personal opinion I feel we now have more than enough people here in the U.S. and we need to stop all immigration from here on out except in very rare cases. Even if we stop it now the population of the US will double in X number of years. We’re going to be reaching a point where we can no longer feed our own and will have to depend on other countries for food. Global warming is not going to get better anytime soon so we will see more droughts. We will see water shortages as well as food shortages. I just feel it’s time to stop millions more from coming in and start taking care of our own.

"He's forgotten that his parents and grandparents got here the same way we did, as immigrants."  Except they came here the legal way not jumping a fence.  Deport them all they are ILLEGAL!How can this bum have 6 kids?  He's supporting them by collecting cardboard?? Yeah right. The American taxpayer is paying for each and every one of his worthless little criminal brats. Send this bum back over the border and let him take his pack of illiterate punks with him.

Key word here; illegal. Which means they broke the law. Everyone understands they come here for a better life. We get that, but there are laws about entering a sovereign nation and it is not fair to those who are "legally " waiting to get into this country. In order for our children to go to school, we have to show an immunization record and birth certificate, yet it is waved for those who are here illegally. If they loved this country as much as they profess they do, they would learn English and fly the American Flag, not Mexico's. Do you know what would happen if you went into Mexico illegally? Look it up...Fact: they crossed the border illegally, they broke the law. Plain and simple. It doesn't matter from what country they came from...

we already have people in poverty all over this country, all different races. We don;t need to solve mexico's problems We already took tens of thousands of American jobs and moved the jobs to Mexico with north american free trade agreement.Congress and the president need to work on enforcing laws we already have. Make it harder to get in this country illegally . Deport the ones that are here illegally  NOW. Think off this country as a soup pot on the stove, for many decades us immigrants came and got in the pot.The pot is now overflowing,Time to put the lid on it.

On articles concerning blacks, some whites like to write that "we should have picked our own cotton" Well there's nothing you can do about that now, but here's your chance to put your money where your mouth is........do your own day labor, pick your own fruits and veggies, clean your own hotel rooms. No? I didn't think so. You're just a bunch of loud mouthed anchor babies that need to sit down, shut up, and be grateful you're not still living in the rat infested, disease filled slums of Europe.

Politicians on the right are confused.  Their Ideological Base wants Deportations, and their Corporate Masters want Importations.

When I have to appear in court next time ie traffic violation, I want amnesty

this mexican dont deserve a green card anyway not smart enough-most have two jobs that is if pimpin and drug dealing count as jobs-wait and maybe if the immigration reform passes a welfare check to boot   hmm three incomes?   maybe Im the stupid one I work 60 hrs a week and only get one check

Quit your crying and insist your local congressperson enforce the law against hiring illegal immigrants. Boycott businesses who hire them. Duh!!

send all  of them home

Immigration was good in the early years of our nation because we didn't have the burden of an over bloated welfare system. Things have changed.  This country no longer can afford to support every border jumper that makes it to the welfare offices.They put their receipts on the dash? why so the sun can bleach them out and make them unreadable?  They don't have any money yet in the picture you see the guy with a cell phone. The reform would make it so they pay a fine and back taxs and learn english. Please give me a break, they don't have money now. how are they going to have money to do that? I am not going to pay for them to learn english.

another yahoo palnt story!!  WHAT ABT AMERICAN WORKERS???  I HAVE 3 CHILDREN,  18-22YRS, AND THEY HAVE 1 PARTTIME JOB BETWEEN THEM!!  I C GROWN FOREIGNERS DOING JOBS I DID AT THEIR AGE!!!  F U YAHOO, DO A SYRUPY STORY ON US!!!!!

What about all the legal residents, citizen or immigrant, who are being forced out of work by illegals who will work for substandard wages?  Where are all the stories about what happens when they can't get work because of illegal competition?  Where are the stories about homes lost, marriages ruined, and the high cost of welfare and disability for them?  The leftist media are lying, evil people.  They have no compassion for those who are already here and are so generous that they give these jobs legal residents hold to illegals and then pat themselves on the back about how compassionate they are.

its bad when they can't get a job lol america's like a junkyard sale your body parts

Are Americans gonna just be a bunch of #$%$ and just let this go on with outsaying or doing anything. Why even have borders? Most americans do notsee what is really going on.In My city ,schools ,streets ,stores , are full of nothingbut illegals. My apt building I live in has 67 units and out of that 52 now arefull of illegals. They have 7-10 people living in a 1 bed room. Best part is becausethey have a baby the government pays their rent. So they go out and buy new carssince they  dont have rent (section 8)  52 apts in my building get section 8out of the 52 apts gov pays for 48 units occupied by illegals . thats 55,200 every monthtax payers pay for just one lil building. Think About what this country mean toyou. It wont be here the way you remember it much longer..... Rememberillegal does not  mean race.

Well I know immigration is a problem.  But the one guy who was in law enforcement in Mexico when the drug cartels started kidnapping the law enforcement and killing them i'm assuming..I really don't blame him for getting out of there.  I think any of us would.  And the other guy that pays taxes even though he isn't a citizen...I have to hand it to him...that a very honorable thing for him him to do.  I would like to think the good people has the options in the future to be able to contribute fully to a society, any society, without fear of some unfair retribution.

The current immigration laws ned to be changed. Now the path to residency is based on your family relationship. If your brother is here you can apply for a green card. The basis should be changed from priority to family members to priority for workers needed and jobs available, either high skill or low skill. If there is a job available and no American to fill that job a person from outside the US should be allowed to enter and take that job.

he steals the boxes out of the recyable dumpsters the stores are using and leaves a big mess for me to clean up because i clean parking lots at shopping centers and when you ask them not to make a mess it just gets bigger or the answer is no english

Another moonbat propaganda article.  If you came here legally then there's nothing to worry about.  Actually, legal immigrants should be the ones most PO'd over this "reform" garbage.  Now they're gonna have to compete with illegal vermin for jobs.

The perverted ways the chatho's fool the world - they tell the thief's - - - They are like Jesus - so go and be a thief in the night !!! """For you know quite well that the day of the Lord's return will come unexpectedly, like a thief in the night.""" Play the poor VIC  - and then cry for mercy - - -  but then what can you expect from a bunch of perverts - but perversions!!!It would come real quick if you just return to where you came from...ILLEGALS

lets dig up Reagan and find old bush for giving amnesty to millions ,, all unconditional ,, remember that started everything !

Would love to have a rational discussion about immigration in this country.  Anyone know of a comment board that hasn't been overrun with adolescent boys?

I don't understand why the mainstream media keeps calling these people, "illegal".

RAND PAUL 2016!

If there  wasn't a drug demand from the US, cartels couldn't make the money and create the havoc that exists there!

Riddle me this.... What do you call a Politician wants to make Criminal ( breaking the law makes you a Criminal) Aliens Citizens, hence calling their criminal act legal...and making law abiding citizens who Legally purchase Firearms, a Criminal???Answer: Jobless!!

Okay, can someone direct me as to how to contact my respresentatives to stop this #$%$!  This is outrageous!  The article is implying that we should all feel sympathy for someone who has broken our law, had six kids that he cannot support!  We have three kids that we work our butts off to support!  I would have loved to have more, but I could not justify having more when we are doing just fine with three.

Is this the kind of people the US attracts?  We want the best and the brightest - not the ones who have only brains enough to pick up boxes off the road and clean hotel rooms!!  All these people are doing work that American citizen TEENAGERS should be doing and that they did do for decades. But ever since mommies and daddies started footing all the bills for their teenagers we have seen a spike in illegal immigration.  If you want to help fix this country - make your kids go out and EARN their way through college.  Let your kids grow up!!   We would have less illegals in this country, your kids might actually grow up and also learn to appreciate how hard it is to make a $1 and work their way up the ladder and best of all - you could maybe have a decent retirement if you don't foot all the bills for your kids college (most degrees aren't even worth getting anymore anyway).

no immigration to the u.s. Im tired of paying for these losers. Arrest and deport. Make babies that you cant afford in your own country. Parasites get out. Down with obama. Impeach him for something.I have lived here for 10 years legally and yet my local college only offers scholarships to ILLEGAL immigrants.What message are you sending to us immigrants who came here LEGALLY and who do pay taxes?

You can do the same thing back in your own country. It's all about freebies that tens of millions of our own home-grown low life are getting. And that has to stop too. All immigration has to stop until we clean this country up. Say about three decades.

It is a poor assumption to think that Americans would fill up those day laborer jobs if there were no illegals . . . . unless, of course, there was another Great Depression first.

This is an excellent portrait of the sort of hardworking, self-reliant immigrant Americans should want within their borders. Illegal immigration is a regulatory offense - not a "real" crime. We should spend out limited police resources on real criminals, not hardworking poor people who have come to America to improve their lives and those of their family.

Raymundo, Aguilar and others say they also face persistent pressure from one Phoenix police officer who regularly drives by the day labor site and orders them off the street. The officer, they say, is Hispanic, a fact they find ironic."He's Latino, of Mexican descent," said Marcos Lopez, 32, who shares a two bedroom apartment with five other immigrants to enable him to support his family in Mexico. "He's forgotten that his parents and grandparents got here the same way we did, as immigrants."  How do they know how his parents or grandparents got here.  Obviously he is an American enforcing American laws.  His family could have been here for generations and could have come over her legally they do not know his family history to judge him.

The politicians care about one thing only, votes to keep them in power and if they have to give illegals the right to stay here than so be it. Illegal immigration can be stopped but it has to start from the top and Washington isn't about to give up their cushy jobs.

Oh, man, do we need a conservative government.

Can't find work here, can't find it in Mexico. Hmmmm...oh, he knows that if he waits long enough the stupid gringos will give him everything. In Mexico, no matter how long he waits he will get NOTHING! Not too hard to figure out.

N.owA.pesA.reC.alledP.eopleL.atinosA.reR.oachesA.ndZ.ooA.ninals

Mr. barracks . Illegal reform . You round them up . and I will turn them loose .Americans had better wake up and stand against this colored braclet generation , thats for gays , illegals, more gun laws , or there will not be a great nation for future generations

Americans are being sold out by those we elect based on their popularity or skin color. The powers that be realize that most americans are TV brain liberals who don't care. The rest are silent and passive which is far worse. If you need someone to blame for loosing yor contry you can start with yourself, amigo

The news is all illegals, gays, blacks ruined Detroit...  if you have kids I feel for them because the future is bleak.

" I came to this country to contribute," says Jesus Aguilar the illegal, so he had six anchor babies at public expense who were born at public cost, get medicaid, food stamps, free school, while Papi files taxes with a TIN and gets thousands in EIC, GETTING PAID BY THE GOVERNMENT (taxpayers) to have anchor babies that now get more government assistance while Papi drives around with no license and no insurance.  The land of opportunity for illegals.

and i say agan look at the comments here'' really? the majority support a path to citizenship? see what liars our goverment is?

There's a condo being built in Juarez, I hope the speak English so I can get a job.

If they make all illegals citizens who will work for for cheap?

Hey... isn't there a fence to keep neighbors out of your yards?

Illegal Aliens Receive Billions in IRS Tax BenefitsFriday, 23 Sep 2011 05:17 PMBy James WalshOn July 7, 2011, the U.S. Department of Treasury's inspector general for taxadministration issued a startling report entitled "Individuals Who Are NotAuthorized to Work in the United States Were Paid $4.2 Billion in RefundableCredits."No wonder the nation's finances are in turmoil.******It is clear that unauthorized aliens are filing ITIN tax returns withfraudulent data******.The Treasury report found that "One common type offraudulent refund involves taxpayers fabricating a Wage and Tax Statement(Form W-2) that shows excess withholding and results in a tax refund."

Is there a Obama / Biden sticker on the bumper ?   if there is a bumper. Is he insured ? have a drivers license in the vehicle street worthy (inspected). F-em deport him. Let the local trash man collect the cardboard...your cries will not be heard....

How dare we call them Illegal, when in fact this country is Lawless! How are you going to enforce the law, when there is no such law! If there is such law, why didn't we enforce it, and let 11 million people in. 11 million are more than several small countries combined.

reform is nothing more than amnesty.....remember 1986!

I know it going to happen because the power that be want it to but.Why dose America have to provide them a better live ? Why dont America and the mexican citizens demand Mexico to take care of there own poor ? I want free health care but i dont think that Canada should have to provide it.

Sometime in 1492, Christopher Columbus told his wife:I'll be back honey!She said:Where are you going?Chris:To discover AmericaWife:#$%$??? should I prepare dinner?Chris:No, and I will bring back some tortillas.Wife:But you don't have a visa!!!Chris:I am the VISA!!! just kidding. I have a friend there whose name is Montezuma. He is pretty cool and will give me gold in exchange for mirrors.Wife:But there are a lot of Red-Necks and RACIST people there!!!Chris:NOT YET. You are way ahed of your game!!! right now I am bringing my buddy Cortez so he can infect all the indians with STD and mix all these Mother$&amp;%&amp;#$W@ so that we can start a war!!!Wife:Say hello to OBAMA!!!!Chris:WHO???

what made him think 6 kids was a good idea without a good job?

The philosophy of the left is to degrade every value that has proof of merit and replace them with those that don't and which have failed. They are relentless in their defiance which is fueled by a rabid envy that they didn't come up with the proven paths first.

HOW ABOUT ALL THESE KOREAN PREGNANT WOMEN FOUND IN SO MANY HOTELS ALL OVER THE COUNTRY???? THEY JUST COME HERE TO #$%$ THEIR KIDS OUT SO THEY DON"T 1.) Pay College tuition as foreigners 2.) They can give their parents legal residence once they turn 21. No one is talking about that!!!!OBAMA!!!!! Watch the ASIANS TOO!!!! WE ARE GETTING INFESTED  BY ALL THESE BUGS!!!! US RED-NECKS ARE SICK OF IT!!!! BRING BACK THE INDIANS!!!!

TOTAL BULLS**T!!!!!!!!....He Works for pennies a day and pays his taxes by ITIN?????..If he makes low wages he has NO TAX BURDEN, But files the ITIN to STEAL child tax credits and get a refund he is not entitled too..Google "Illegals tax fraud 4.2 Billion to see the REAL STORY!!..

All the immigration articles are focused on Mexicans how about all the Muslim illegals wanting to receive citizenship??? I rather have the Mexicans.But how much welfare will a family with 6 kids qualify for- this guy picks up trash to sell for recycling- I am not knocking what he does to survive (I admire the tenaciousness), however his family will qualify for free medical, food stamps, college grants, free lunch at school (which includes all athletics, school fees, books ect)- how much will this one family cost the tax payers? Yes, he will pay taxes but he will get ALL of it and then some back every year...Now multiply this family by 1 million or 2 (nobody knows what immigration reform will do, as there are NO hard numbers for the amount of illegal aliens in the US)......Shame on the Democrats for buying this electorate with our tax dollars.....

If they say they want to work, put them out picking up trash and cleaning up the city for their welfare and food stamps.

Regan had an illegal immigrant program in the 80s.  At the time there were 3 million illegals.  It was wrong then, but what it did do was show us that it does not work.  We have 11 million illegals in this country, about a 10th the population of Mexico.  It's time to end this.  Most Americans don't want this legislation, Congress needs to listen to the people and solve the problem the right way.  Secure our borders, deport those here illegally, put our people too work.

By the time any of this #$%$ happens these piles of #$%$ will have pooped out millions more piles of #$%$ fat #$%$ anchor babies

""It's to show them that you are doing the impossible to survive ... and show them that you are doing the decent thing," said Aguilar, speaking in Spanish. "I am here in this country to contribute." -He wants to "contribute" so much, he won't even learn the language!cut ALL welfare to households that house an illegal alien and let them go back home!

They are Illegal Aliens........notify immigration right now that you are here...........get a temporary labor card.........and start paying taxes.............

Just an observation. But areas where illegal immigrant are problems it seems quickly turn into a small version of Mexico a crime infested stink hole. If most of them were truely just hard working people trying to make a better life for their families, wouldn't these areas reflect that.

Years ago we lived in San Antonio, TX.  When my husband's job on a military base ended due to closure he spent weeks looking for another that paid even remotely close to what he had been earning.  At one interview he asked why the wages offered were so low.... the answer was "because we can get so much cheap labor from across the border".  That pretty much says it all.

That's the problem, they don't use birth control.  Anybody that gets goverment assistance, and yes they are, should be made to use birth control.

How about giving your deaf members of Congress a wake up call, (call, e-mail, fax, and/or visit), and DEMAND NO to amnesty, in any form, YES to enforcement, and YES to E-Verify, to stop illegal alien hiring.  If you do, in enough numbers, as in 2007 when citizen calling shut down the Capitol switchboard, YOU will win AGAIN.  For God, country, and your kids ! !EVERYONE has a shot at being lega! by doing it the LEGAL way.

Mexico is not a poor country. The Mexican government has vast oil and silver reserves, they simply refuse to care for thier own. Although the average Mexican has a much lower stand of life than the average American, by world standards it is high. People in place like India and Africa have it much worse. Should we import them by the millions as well? Our government needs to put the American citizen first. Illegal aliens from all countries have no right to be here and must be deported.

If you can post your view here then you can email your elected one. Please do so,seriously.

He said in SPANISH, "I am here to contribute."  Geez

I have heard that mexico has locked up their southern border to protect their way of life from the people south of their country. That is acceptable. But its not acceptable for us to do that to them.

Title of article should say "For Criminals, "Amnesty Can't Come Soon Enough". We are all witnessing the death throes of a once great nation.

The mind set of Mexico has got to change and they need to stop relying on USA They have a large capable population that with understanding and training can become a productive country thus fixing some if not all their problems. The other issues they must work on to improve is drugs and the elimination of them as well as prostitution and human trafficing if what I hear is correct.

Immigration reform and breaking the law are two different things. If immigration laws need to be reformed , fine do it. At the same time enforce the laws that as the article state " over half the people" want enfroced.

The US has always welcomed legal immigrants; there is no reason to welcome foreigners who by their very presence are already criminals.  What seems to be escaping most people is that Illegal immigrants are not just Mexican...it also allows terrorists who have already entered the US to come out of the woodwork.  Sloppy immigration control of "student visas" is where 9-11 began.  Then when does it stop?  (Okay, you can pee in the pool--but only at the shallow end...)Amnesty is just the next #$%$ in the rights of  American citizens.

GET OUT!!!  Men here in CA can not get jobs-they are giving them away to the you know who's - COMING TO A TOWN NEAR YOU!!! Warm and fuzzy that. Even you college degrees aren't safe-good ol' Jer is taking care of that. Now the idiots in Washing ton state are considering paying for college for the [children] of illegals. Get your brain from your ... .Oh Look America..illegals stealing from you and ALL Americans.. you know.. not only are they stealing jobs.. but they are stealing taxes from Americans..resourses from our poor.. BUT ITS OKAY AMERICA.. after all they are ONLY stealing YOUR better life.. hey you dont think those illegals are carrying drugs do you? or are members of the gang that helped them sneak into America??

If I went to ANY country in the world ILLEGALLY to work they would throw my butt in the slammer. No benefits of any kind. END OF STORY.

How bout we give them all jobs digging ditches then turn around and have the border patrol order them to jump in at gunpoint. Then we hire some real American workers to shovel the same dirt back onto their lifeless carcasses.

If illegal immigrants get a free pass to citizenship then it's only fair to lower the standards for legal immigrants. Every country wants people with skills and financial means to support themselves.

The right is stuck in the middle; their Ideological Base wants Deportations and their Corporate Masters want Importations.

The people who use the day laborer are THE PROBLEM. I hope that people with green cards are given preferential treatment as they went through the process, paid all the fees, stood in all the lines and followed all the rules. There should be a reward for following all the rules . Illegal should be called what it is - cheap ,exploitable labor. They should not bear the brunt, the cheap lazy people who used them should pay fines and back taxes as well

Instead of sending them back across the border,round them up and ship them to the middle east.They want be coming back as quick and slow others from crossing.

Shameful!

The department of Immigration and naturalization is a joke! You got 20 million illegal invaders that stick their tongues out at it while laughing all the way to the welfare benefit offices.

If you look at most road crews they are illegal. Construction crews illegal. golf course workers illegals. I'd  do all of those jobs.What a scam. Just taking jobs from Americans from insourcing. Then NAFTA exported 60,000 factories to other countrys. Wow what a scam.My grandparents came here too...but came in legally, waited in line, had to have a sponsor to assure that you have a job.  Check Mexico's or for that matter any other country, you  need to have a skill that the country wants, or have minimum amount of money, yearly or in the bank, before you are even allowed to stay more than 90 days in their country.

White youths don't want to work.  They have their ipods and video games, their meth and pants hanging below their underwear, their mcgarbage fast foods, and LIFE IS GOOOOOD !!!

This guy has 6 kids and he is supporting them by selling cardboard? Bull. We are supporting those anchors. I did have to laugh when he said (through an interperter, of course) that he pays his taxes because it is the "right thing to do".  Sure ya do Jose. Or Jesus, or whatever your name is.

I don't beleive in giving them citizenship but they have every opportunity to go through the naturalization process and proper channels that every other immigrant in the world has. Thousands maybe millions have done it in the past legally why can't these illegals.

ROME - Killed JESUS with the help of the Ultra-Jews - rich jews - - - Rome was a parasite upon the world then and now unto this day - - - Roman chatho's - are still a paralitical parasite - under the same ole guise - we come in peace - but will devour what you have - the irish did it here in the United States -and the spainards down south - all other religions fall before the chathos - - -

I have complete sympathy for these people who work so hard.  How is it that this country invaded two countries on the other side of the planet because it was in our national interest to change their government, but the corrupt, backwards national government in Mexico City (in our back yard) is treated as legitimate, even though they have deliberately caused most of their population to flee North to our border?Mexico has abundant natural resources, and has the capacity to build their own successful economy.  Too bad there's no one to help dump that crown of drug dealers and theives running the place and install a regime that actually works for their people.

how about speaking English and applying for legal status now.

I am the white man. I rule all things, even if I'm just looking to rape kids.

I know everyone deserves a right to live in a great place like usa but it NEEDS to be done legally like my ancestors did. Whether ur from mexico canada or china our borders need to be protected. Living in az i personaly work with a lot of illegals and most of them a good people. But there are some that just make money to send back home and hate our country and those #$%$ need to leave. We should just start sending all illegals to Europe and watch what happens when the cross borders over there.

It's ridiculous not having these people working at jobs that Americans won't take because they keep out of trouble that way, they pay taxes that way, and they mostly add to the qualifty of our social life here in the USA.Good stand-up citizens should wait at these day labor sites and follow the people that give them day work. Then burn their business or home down, depending on where they have the illegal work. Eliminate their need for an illegal worker by destroying the place they need the work done.

Republicans MASS-PRODUCE the poor...Then complain when they need food-stamps.Republicans MASS-PRODUCE the poor...Then complain when they don't pay taxes.And Palin keeps doing her stand-up routine.

Thank you, Mr. president....for your hard work on behalf of The American People~!!!We are grateful for your commitment to our best interests.Thank you.

Republicans -- They need to CHANGE.Not just change the way they trick Americans into buying their lies...which is what they've decided to try -- AGAIN....They are working to change the delivery of the same, wrong message and philosophy.

America will be restored from the Great Republican Economic Cataclysm to -- once AGAIN -- "The Land of Plenty"...as always, by Democrats.We must first remove the last remaining Republican Obstructors to Progress.

Like a great many, I support reform of immigration.IF...There is NO amnesty, and no second chance for those who allready came here illegaly !!We do not reward other criminals for their actions, we should Not do so in this case either.Deport them, and their "anchor" children. ( don't worry, the kids might speak english, but you can bet they speak spanish even better)The process for immigration should be streamlined and allowed quotas should certainly reflect our modern needs.With actual citizenship being rewarded AFTER a demonstrated commitment to adopting and embracing US Ideals.

This is such BS - we don't need immigration reform we need our immigration laws ENFORCED.  I'm with Steven, I don't care where illegals come from as long as they go back and re enter legally.  They shouldn't be allowed to sell anything, buy anything, or do anything while here illegally.  I'm sick of clinics being filled with people who can't speak English, waiting room TVs on Spanish stations, and all printed literature in Spanish.  Really?   What country is this again?

It's a laugh riot that all of you sit there behind your comfy little monitors and gripe and moan about "illegal immigrants". YOU, as alleged Americans, want them here; you just don't want anyone to KNOW that you want them here. They wouldn't be here if YOU didn't use them in your yards, your homes, to fix your cars, to watch your kids, to make you things you can go buy cheaply, to do jobs you wouldn't think of doing yourself in the blazing summer heat. They didn't come here because this country is so darn beautiful; they came because YOU, America, put them to work. They pick your fruit that you gripe about costing three bucks a pound. They wash your cars, stack your bricks, clean your yard, clean your house. But YOU don't want to acknowledge their presence, only your need.Finally, it is a bigger laugh riot that the very ground we stand on, live on, take water from, farm on in AZ, CA, Nevada, Utah, Texas, etc. all belonged to MEXICO before Americans stole it from them. If it wasn't stolen it was taken in outright war to get it like many pieces of land in this country. Ask the true NATIVE Americans whether they think we belong here.

What a bunch of racist drivel written here today.Half of you are probably inbred hood wearing beer swilling cross burning pick up truck driving Billy Bobs married to you second cousin illiterates................Si?Comprende?

These piles of #$%$ claim they are "holy" but they break all 10 commandments.Libs have but one agenda, to force everyone to think like them. History has proven that tyrants are always defeated.

" I am here in this country to contribute " While he entered illegally and has no driver license. As soon as he runs over someone he will flee straight back to Mexico, because he no longer wants to contribute. Then he will be right back with another fake ID a month later.

In AZ ,we passed laws to prevent illegals from voting in OUR Elections, and the bleeding heart Libtards took us to Federal Court!!  American citizens legally voted this measure into law and the Obama administration is calling it ILLEGAL! We are not RACIST, we want our State run by people voted in by American People, not Illegals who are here to pillage this countries economy!!

i wonder why no illegals head further up north say like Canadai forgot Canada has a no tolerance for illegalsGod Bless Canada

The  problem is that the word "illegal" isn't in the Mexican vocabulary..........The Middle East has the Taliban..We have the Mexicans...........

Jose files taxes with a TIN so he can collect Earned Income Credit for the anchor babies, not because it is the right thing to do - who does he think he is fooling?  Adios, Jose.

just a few left in AZ the rest left for mexafornia.

Unfortunately, the scales are tipping, and there may be no way back.  If illegals hang out in the shadows a little longer, they will have their way, and they know it. Children of illegals who are born here (citizens), are becoming a larger and larger voting force, and will soon be able to tip the scales and force change to laws so that their parents can remain.

stop charging other countries for visas, in racist and discriminatory, just because they cant walk across the border

Funny thing is we have millions doing nothing collecting welfare,why is there a need for immigrant laborers?It's all about votes.

For US born workers seeing these monkies shipped back home cant come soon enough. The US government will not get it until this place is in flames

They have been coming here since the 20's working cheap labor. It's time for payback I guess

What a bunch of bigoted racists I am seeing in many comments.

Sad that national agenda's doom anyone of our 50 states by denying them liberty and sovereignty.

If there were millions of whites coming in illegally from eastern Europe, then the liberal media would be demanding they be deported. Being pro-illegal-Mexicans is all about being anti-white (which certainly includes the reverse-racist white liberals).

LOL!

How heartless do you have to be to read this &amp; not feel bad for these people. I spent time in Mexico &amp; most of the people are wonderful, kind &amp; hard working. Could you honestly send a family back to a place where they would most likely be killed by the drug cartels? Dont blame these people because their government is so corrupt that they dont have a chance at a decent life in their own country.

The law will avert a NaziGermany style state in Arizona.  Its amazing that some undocumented workers have the courage to stay and fight rather than flee and run!

This push Is being lead by McCain and Rand Paul with Obama pushing them. They are all democrats, NO?"Everyone wants a little bit of paper so that they can go and visit their families in Mexico."  Aguilar - You should have thought of that before you stayed here illegally.

Hear hear Thomas!

Hear hear Thomas!

Hear hear Thomas!

Hear hear Thomas!

I for one, do not care what the congress or senate, or president, democrat or republican want ! No Amnesty or forgiveness, deport, and have them sign up at the border to become a citizen as should be, period ! No matter how long you have been here !

SEND THEM ALL BACK..... NO QUESTIONS ASKED.....  IT'S GOTTEN OUT OF CONTROL...  WE WERE FINE WITHOUT THEM.....

Average worker in Mexico gets paid $8-$10 per day if they are lucky to find a job, so one day of work here in U.S.  is equivalent to about ten days of work in Mexico. This is why we have flood of illegal immigrants coming to U.S.. If we continue to ignore Mexico and say it's not our fault so it's not our problem than we are never going to resolve the illegal immigration problem and we will continue to bear the burden. Strong economic revitalization in Mexico is the only solution which will create prosperity in both  U.S. &amp; Mexico . America needs to take back there investment to China and reinvest it in Mexico that is the only way to keep all of N. America strong.

The Feds need to keep all the little fascist in Arizona at bay. These conservafascist  are too stupid to realize it was Wall Street and their Asspuppet Republicans that destroyed the American economy with the Meltdown and Crash of 2008, not Hispanics, legal or illegal.The immigration debate is just a propaganda smoke screen, by conservatives, to target Hispanics, just like Hitler and German Fascist did to the Jews. Their ignorant trailer trash voters are eating it up, like a bad dog eatsShit. LOL

if it is so easy to find an illegal, how come the government cant seem to find, them or is it they don't care. its time we arm ourselves and take back our country and exterminate these cockroaches.Back when this country looked out for the interests of the citizens. Unemployed Americans and recent high school graduates would have had the opportunity to gather and try to get some of the work these criminal trespassers are taking, but our traitorous "leaders" have sold out the citizens in favor of globalism and now want to pardon these burglars by granting them amnesty and calling it "immigration reform". After these globalist traitors finish their attempts to disarm the proletariat with their unconstitutional gun grabbing legislation, I think I'll keep my guns, magazines, and ammo and call it "comprehensive weapons reform".

After decades of weathering the illegal workforce flood John A Citizen thought he might resume receiving decent pay. But no, thanks to his traitorous government, employers and servant dependent citizens he can forget about that. Meanwhile, the propaganda fabricators and other enablers of this travesty were found in the arizona desert staked out as ant food.

We need to reform our immigration?  Since they are here criminally wouldn't that sugguest that they might want to reform their immigration methods?

Father of six!!  Really,  I only had one child because that was all I could afford.  Wonder who pays for the kids food, health care, and school expenses?  Oh me.....I'm a taxpayer!!

wanna be's anyway

"Trying to do the decent thing" said an illegal immigrant.... No the decent thing would have been to come here legally and contribute. This is #$%$. The president knows it is #$%$. The people working on reforming this knows it is #$%$

We are all illegal unless you are native American and rain dance.

Have the illegals apply for citizenship so they can become legal....or get work in Mexico.

Send them all back!

Did anyone notice that they are working so hard and spending their money to just survive but one in the picture has a set of ear buds in listening to music. The buds are probably connected to a smart phone. Another one is standing apart from the rest while he either is checking his phone or is texting on it. I live in a largley Hispanic area and I see what is in their houses and driveways. Welfare pays for the basic needs such as food, housing, and medical so they can use their other income to put big screen televisions and video gaming systems in every bedroom, and Navigators and Escalades in the driveway.wow people here are really cruel ! These Mexicans are trying to make a better life for themselves! Honestly put your self in there shoes, would you do the same to make a better life or just sit around and watch your family die?

At any other time, a police officer being threatned by drug dealers, Aguliar would get amnesty if he could show his principals were not protected by his government (I.E.  if police could not protect the individual)  Perhaps if he were from a different country.

The law makers need to send all illegal imigrants back where they come from.They do take our jobs .They flood or health care system.they flood our schools.Plain and simple send them all back gather them up send them back.I read on news it was going to cost to much government money our money to have id cards for illegals.Quit debating and send them back.Its true if a illegal worker get hurt on job they receive medical and benefits even though they are not to be here.Thats messed up.

I was born and raised on a farm, back long time ago their were no chemicals to control grass and weeds and not enought local people wanting to work to hoe the crops. So we would sign up for imigrant labor we furnished a barracks style place for them to stay while they worked full kitchen all the facilities such as hot water and restrooms, more than they had back home. They were paid same wages as locals that came out to work. They were not allowed to bring wives and kids with them either. When done with the work we had to pay transportation back to immigration center for either assigment to another farmer or back home. Since they were not allowed to bring family with them they all went back after their work permit expired some even before. Before cotton pickers we used them as well and had to have them since rural communities do not have enough people to harvest or clean a crop. That system worked well also so why was it changed? I no longer farm but know people who do and know people who want full time work on a farm as we had those also but they have mostly been let go because it is cheaper to use illegals or immigrants because of the welfare system in place now. To hire someone full time on farm you furnish them a home and utilites, pay a fair year around wage even though farm work is about 9 months out of the year and a bonus according to how well the season was. Most are furnished a vehicle as well and insurance for the entire family. Now with immigrant and illegal workers after the season is over they qualify for section 8 housing, utility payments, food stamps and even cash payments until farm season starts back up. They fill our schools with non english speaking children which is big hold back to U.S. citizens and cost about 7K a year to keep them there. The list goes on to like medicade for them all and such. What about the 750K that are in our prison system will they become citizens as well? Or the estimated 3 million here dealing drugs and such that have not been caught, will they become citizens also?

It's all about cheap labor. I have relatives in the south that have their own business and just love having cheap laborers to clean their house do their property upkeep and work in all the restaurants to "serve" them. They told me on a recent visit that Georgia is a "right to work state" and they didn't want to hear about anyone wanting wages raised. What they want is cheap labor for their benefit and if everone has to pay for their cheap helps medical to bad for everyone.

Good stand-up citizens should wait at these day labor sites and follow the people that give them day work.  Then burn their business or home down, depending on where they have the illegal work.  Eliminate their need for an illegal worker by destroying the place they need the work done.

day laborers , thats so sweet. want you call them what they really are. illigal crimmenals that broke into our country taking jobs from americans. last i herd , there were millions of americans out of work .

My Dream Act1. Go home2. Apply for citizenship3. If accepted, come back4. If not, stay homeWhuzzat? Doesn't work?It's worked for over 2 centuries in the USA.It continues to work in every other nation on earth.

B.S!  ILLEGALS IMMIGRANTS don't want citizenship!  ILLEGALS IMMIGRANTS want MONEY to send to get more ILLEGALS IMMIGRANTS across the USA borders!  Arizona has more illegal immigrant business with illegal immigrants receiving CASH for work!  Will the provide a LEGAL NAME and Country of Origin with citizenship??  AGAIN, why don't the ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS REFORM their country of Origin????   Companies move to other countries so they can add to the corruption and USA sends them more money!REFORM is not NEEDED!   Return to the country of Origin and reform your government!

We don't need these scab cockroaches. But even if we di;, what is wrong with sending buses down to Mexico, to hire stoop (id)-laborers, bring them over the border to slave fror us, then bus them back to Meh-eeco at the end of the day?Reading the comments from tea party #$%$ makes one wonder how it's possible for the party of the devil to attract hispanic votes. Lol.

Obama has sold his soul to the devil to become president. Now our country must pay dearly

We haven't lost it yet. So stick together, Real American Patriots!! Never give up!!DEPORT ALL the illeglas and anyone who has anything to do with them NOW!!

that mutt has 6 kids but he doesnt have a pot to pis in but he and his #$%$ hor wife manage to bang out 6 rugrats......#$%$ cockroaches. they should all be shot on site....these are the times i miss Hitler.

I say we do some sort of "broken treaty" strategy with the illegals, ie, secure the Hell out of the border and register them for a pathway to citizenship, doublecross and ship them back across our, now impenetrable border. Mexican problem solved.

these people  make alot of money here don,t let them fool you. i knew alot of them and they won,t work for less  than 100.00 a day

This guy is 54, has 6 kids and makes nothing. Let's also add, that he doesn't speak English. Exactly what we need in America. More people trying to scrounge off a system that is already failing. Get these guys out of here and take Obama with them.

How does sellig cardboard boxes to a recycler for pennies a pound contribute ?????  is he paying taxes on his income ???? I seriously doubt it !!!!!!!!!

So we let him become a citizen, he then gets our benefits and we support him forever after.

Don't kid yourself. Almost every town i have ever been in there has been a citizen dumpster diver, now there is less for them to live in, the illegals have got the cardboard, aluminum, and other salvage that they once lived on.They will deport him when his beat up truck runs into someone and hurts them. No insurance.

There are several illegals living like sardines through-out our area and the authorities don't seem to want to take any action, but instaed, harass a few unemployed legal citizens here in Prince Georges County because of there color. But if a few Molotov Cocktails start to flowing at these illegal rooming houses. Oh there Johnny on the spot... Just saying, U feel me......

its illegal immigation reform, for all the legal immigrants this is a kick in the guts

The irony here is these "illegals" are more American than every Republican #$%$-bucket currently polluting our once great nation.

Their government is more conservative than Tea Partiers.Don't you get it?

How hard can it be.   They are standing around in groups, so round them up and ship them back to their hometown.

The movie "Idiocracy" has come true.

The only "real" Americans are the native American Indians.

The government says we don't want you here.  The job market says yes we do want you here.  Which one do you believe?

I noticed one thing, the article begins with the story of Jesus Aquilar, but did anyone notice his story? He's not illegal, he crossed the border and if his story is accurate he is more of a refugee than an illegal immigrant. Seems to me he is working hard and working the system to gain his citizenship. Good for him, however its the criminal element, the very cartels he fled and such as well as the ordinary people who see these type of criminals crossing and follow thinking its an easier way to America, that are ruining things for him and for us. I think that we should clean house, remove and deport every single illegal immigrant that crosses the line, any violation disorderly conduct to felony theft or assault and off they go. If there's a trial then first the legality of their presence here is determined first. Then if they entered legally then a trial on the charges. Otherwise deportation back to their country of origin. Simple enough cause the way I see it some of the other country's criminals would rather be in jail up here than back at their home country.I recommend we eleminate the word  " ILLEGAL " from the Websters Dictionary and the English Language..........No one in the Government know what the damn word means....Only when it ( illegal ) pretains to our second Amendment....Or when an American Citizen...does not have proper ID to vote, cash a check, fly commercially, have a legal driver Lic., show proof of INS......We've got a bunch of "STUPID"....in Wash, DC

Get them OUT of the US! I don`t care where they come from, how old they are, how many kids they have, what race/ethnicity/gender they are, or what language they speak; if they are on American soil illegally, they need to leave ASAP!

How do you pay for Illegal Immigration Reform? Fine and Tax the #$%$ out of both illegal and ANY employer that has benefitted from this bullsh-t that's been going on for far too long. Illegals get put in Higher Tax Brackets and Employers get fined HEAVILY and pay Back Taxes. You do NOT pass any reform package without Punishing those who have milked this system financially.

At least their currency is stable. And money in their banks is safe (?).

Carol is right. We should segregate all the illegals, put them in their own camp and then sew a star on their coat in case they escape we know who they are. Then when we have them all corralled we can get rid of them easier.All hail Carol.

Maybe I'll go too.

This country will soon be filled with CRIMINALS ....i guesss yahoo editors are also from criminal group(came here illegeally)..always favoring the criminals.........law say clearly get out crinimals!!!!!!!!!!! .......

How many times has this story been written?

Raymundo you have along wait.

I wouldn't fret over the Mexicans too much: the way that I see them gorge themselves at the China Buffet, they won't live all that long.Maybe the illegal should go home

IMMIGRATION CONTROL----AR-15's with 150 ROUND CLIPS on FULL AUTOMATIC!!!!

You are here illegally now if you want to do the right thing go back to your home land and apply like the other people do. You break the law now you want to be rewarded. Congress send them home and let them get in line.

It's all about getting votes. Republicans hope to influence them with jobs, they don't care about anchor babies or drug dealers. Or who pays the price.

Debt is a priviledge, not a right. The people who borrow and don't pay it back loose to ability to borrow more. Remember the lesson of the holiday "Cinco de Mayo"where Mexico refused to make interest payments on loans, resulting in battles with France. Who would want to trade with those who don't live up to their end of the deal? Congress is borrowing more money with no plans for congress to pay it back. Congress expects that the children will be forced into the involuntary servitude of the debt of congress when those treasury bonds mature in 30 years. This is wrong. It is up to the people to explain to their employees in congress to stop abusing debt. Pay off the debt you already have by using SOME of every dollar of your $2Trillion a year income. This will stop the daily waste of $1 Billion of interest payments on the debt of congress. A debt free America will be stronger and have a better credit rating. Then, the children will not be forced into the involuntary servitude of the debt of congress (a violation of the 13th amendment). Why not ATTRACT job creators from all over the world to America by making it the BEST place to do business. Make America the place to go if you want to pay the LOWEST taxes and have the LOWEST regulation.

I think that posting anything here is a waste of time! No one really wants to solve anything!  Just want 2 fight with words. God will take care of us all for that. Moblu22.

I guess Americans have screwed themselves over ......so many groups pushing Washington to legalize these illegal immigrants....how many groups are pushing for keeping them out....the I don't care attitude is gonna bite us in the #$%$....

I live in Northern Missouri.A town 20 miles away,with a population of 1700 there is a Farm Land.They only like to hire illegal Mexicans,and now illegal Somolians.The People American born are the last to get a job.They cater to them.Set up houses,a credit at a local store,a bus that drives them back and forth,even built them a nw houseing development.They work,get welfare and foodstamps.They send there money back to their homeland.They import drugs,and rape,rob,and piliage#$%$ of the earth.Obuma is an illegal,he wants to make himself,his welfare sponging aunt and drunk uncle leagal.

people complaining about immigration. a reform is going to happen whether you like it or not. What they should do is only allow those with super clean records to apply for it. anybody that poses a threat should be review extra carefully. also, it should only go to people that been here for years, not just anybody that comes in today.

By the time any of this #$%$ happens these piles of #$%$ will have pooped out millions more piles of #$%$ fat #$%$ anchor babiesMedia is only focused on migraine workers. Please do your part and educate public on those that are in suit and tie and yet are undocs.

Libs continue to assert their belief that supporting illegal immigration is a path to prosperity for poor mexicans. But you will never hear them support change in the mexican government which is the root of these peoples poverty.

He struggles every day to break the law and knowingly break the law. One broken bone or stuffy nose multiplied across 20 million illegals devastates the healthcare industry. How many children are born of these illegals which are an additional cost to taxpayers. How many EIC tax credits were issued to these leeches? He isn't contributing to anything but his own benefit, by abusing the laws which every citizen has to follow. He should have been arrested and deported at the interview site, along with the row of illegals in the file photo.

This is what is like for a person that was born in this country "America" ends up no longer an American after having felony charges.Felons can do;1) Live here2) Pay taxes3) Have a job4) Go to CollegeBUT what ex-cons can't own nor do are;1) Have No Voting Rights "with in 10 years to possible LIFE TIME of years and after its up you'll have to go back to court and fight hard to be able to get a waiver to have your voting rights restored to you".2) Never be a "Gun Owner".3) Can't leave the country most charges "NEVER EVER"So see the similarities between the Illegal’s and the Natural Born Americans that just made some mistakes along the road. I swear Obama is going to treat Illegal’s allot better then the Ex cons and people that hasn’t been in trouble with the law for 10+ years and the Law justice system will treat the Ex cons like dog downers on the bottom of there combat boots . NOT RIGHT AT ALL!

Arizona like undocumented workers when they can exploit them for their labor.  Arizona is truely a pathetic state these days.

I am sad to say that once he goes in front of a deportation judge he will be sent back. If he does not show he will be red listed and when trying to apply for a legal status he will be denied and deported. So even if his family never received any government benefits they will be forced to receive them now. Even if they deport his wife along with him than your going to end up with 6 kids in foster care because guess what you cant deport a US citizen! So sad to say but his family is screwed. I hate he has to come back to Mexico because there's nothing but hell waiting for him when he returns.

please people get more info when posting Illegals can get NO Help from the government..the first thing that is ask do you have a social security are you an american citizen or resident so please don't think that they get benefits cause they don't and they get taxes taken like anyone else and they don't get that money like the rest of us i just to be one anddon't think the government helps illegals..look instead look at the government sending millions of dollars to other country's that hate the united states and burn the flag and terrorists and they keep sending them help mexico is not the issue to me but is my opinion.

What part of you're not welcome here do you stinky illegals not understand...............

I don't think that we should pay taxes until we get our citizenship.

With all the old white people who don't do anything but collect their pension checks we need young workers who can get the job done.You have to respect that they are still looking for work instead of just collecting an unemployment check and watching Judge Judy.

oh and one other thing, Mexicans are mostly indians. there ancestors where the Toltecs, Aztecs and the Olmecs to name a few. I guess we you all want to do to them what we did to the Cheyane, Souix, and Apache again just to name a few. look in your past and see where your ancesters came from. then decide if you truly have something to say.

I have one thing to say to all of you haters.....get a life.if it wasn't for mexico and all those forreing countries we wouldnt have food to eat in america, no one would do the dirty job that all those alliens do...anyway the only true american witch where the indian americans are long gone everyone comes from different countries irish, italian,polish,russians,etc.so called "americans....hipocrits!!!!!!! Ask your mommy and daddy where they came from,than come back and comment.

Those of you wondering what happened to the American work ethic?  It's all around you,  you just have to legalize them.

Who LEADS the pigs? The educated, corrupt, and wealthy at the core of the GOP...the TRUE Republicans....the ruinously greedy destroyers of our economy, lives, and livelihoods....THOSE are the LEADERS.Who ARE the pigs? Less-educated and BARELY educated RACIST pigs, steered to the polls for their votes, by a shrewd Republican hand...leading them by their racism and bigotry, as though their vile prejudices were rings in their pig noses.

How are you going to get ride off people that already have roots in the country? That's not what America is about. Maybe in a fascist country that sounds good

They want to make the country better by telling thier story in spanish? I'm so sure they claim all that CASH payment at the end of the day to Uncle Sam? "I file my taxes" he says. Yea that is so he can claim the Earned Income Credit to get a nice return. The construction industry is starting to finally pick up and these pieces of filth will work for just above nothing. But they have to be hired because we can't hurt the "JOB CREATORS.

If America would simply stop pandering to everyone but it's own citizens most of this would fix itself.  Biliguals in southern states get hired over those that only speak English even if they are less qualified.  Our signs and official documents are available in Spanish.  When was the last time you called a customer service line and was NOT given the opiton to press # for Spanish?  The medicaid and medical system is too easy to abuse by those that have no ID and don't/won't speak English.  Stop making it so easy for them to be here and they won't want to be here.  I have no problem with them coming up here, working, living whatever, but if you want to be an American you need to learn English and become a part of America.  Add your culture to the boiling pot, don't try and replace it with the culture that you claim you "fled from" in the first place.

For tax-paying Americans, a gov't that protects its sovereignty cant' some soon enough

yep when they are legal they can get food stamp and welfare they wont have to work and the new 11 million will have to.I been reading most of all the comments in this embarrassing site, and can tell for sure that most of or all, are came from illegal parents that came to this land illegaly 100 years ago. All you are from Europe, and every where else but not from America, and yes, we are from here, you stolen someland from Mexico long ago, you killing innocent people all over the planet. Quit question: who kill the soldier from Pearl harbor; Japanese army. Who attack the word trade center; Arabic terrorist. Who kill the students in Virginia tech; an Asian Guy. And we can keep counting, and you call this people criminals?. Tell you all something, the spanic people are more American that all of your kids, because we were here before all you came from from Italy, Germany,  England. And you keep calling your self American? America is the hall continent, not just USA. Have fun idiots.

"...provided they pay fines, back taxes, learn English and wait in line."  I'm on board with that.

Haters beware, you will get yours in time,in time.

They say there are two kinds of Republicans...."The Rich", and "The Stupid".Why can't we ever hear from some of the RICH ones in HERE~?!??

Libs hate and fear the truth because it invalidates them. You will never hear a lib admit defeat or apologize for their blunders, and that is why they are failures.

Jose was a Juarez cop? Me and 2 friends were mugged, yes mugged, by 2 Juarez cops while stationed at Ft. Bliss. They only got about $40 off of us, but they were cops! Wonder if he was one of them?

They are not  sitting  there  enjoying  the weather,  they sit  there  because  some American  with a company  will hire  them  to  skimp  out in salary, benefits and taxes. Probably  some of the same  people  bytching  over  Immigration.We  are a country of  double  standards.

What does the government not understand about "Illegal" Immigrant? They don't care about letting 10 million+ people take our tax dollars, but they will hunt someone down to the ends of the earth for marijuana possession.

With their "path to citizenship", "they" will drop their ag jobs like a hot potato and go for "our" construction jobs, and, lower "our" wages.  Been there, done that, in Mexafornia, (aka California).  Only "we" subsidize "their" welfare programs, which "they" suck up like a vacuum cleaner.   And "we" pay higher taxes at the same time.  Good deal, huh?

Haters beware, you will get yours in time,in time.Republican "principles" are the disease -- Obama is the CURE America NEEDS -- to save it from any more destruction by Republican "principles".

Up with Workers -- Up with Democrats~!!~Thank God -- and WISER Americans...For PRESIDENT Barack Obama~!~!~!~!

looks like a good time to round up and deport

Republicans -- They need to CHANGE.Not just change the way they trick Americans into buying their lies...which is what they've decided to try -- AGAIN....They are working to change the delivery of the same, wrong message and philosophy.

America will be restored from the Great Republican Economic Cataclysm to -- once AGAIN -- "The Land of Plenty"...as always, by Democrats.We must first remove the last remaining Republican Obstructors to Progress.

America is GRATEFUL that NO 'conservative' is president.Thank GOD -- and WISER Americans -- for PRESIDENT Barack Obama~!!!

Saying that they should go home isn't useful, because everybody knows they aren't going anywhere.  The Republicans like the impact they have on the cost of labor, and the Democrats like the way they vote.  The only question in my mind is, when is our government going to recognize that the Mexico CIty regime is corrupt, backwards; that if this country is going to be forced to care for the entire Mexican population, it is in its own interest to remove that government and install one that will stop the drug traffic and build a viable economy for its people.

Hey Obama: when are you going to get it? The AMERICAN people have spoken....we want the foul criminal immigrant #$%$ to be gone from our country! NO AMNESTY WHATSOEVER!!!!!  Go home, you nasty criminal immigrant pieces of filth!!!!

Most illegal immigrants don't care about amnesty or a path to citizenship. They just want to work in peace without fear of being deported.

Republicans continue to change nothing about themselves and their malignant vision for a surreal nightmarish America.They continue serving up the same toxic vetch, rehashed and reheated, rotten when it was new, and plenty old now, and still unwanted....only more rotten.They are openly looking for "improved" ways of getting their spew down the American gullet.Republican ideas are like diseases....you're to be grateful when you haven't had one.