Pope Francis's title and name have changed, but the man hasn't.

Yeah, who needs security...He's a real person who wants to get in touch with his people..

Is this the end of the Pope mobile. A man who is not affaid to give his life for Christ WOW God Bless Pope Francis may he inspire us to love oneanother.

This pope wants to be a people pope, not a pedestal pope...This pope wants to be a part of the people versus above the people..

I love disproportionate  Yahoo healine to the story below it.  Anything to get attention of the browser.

Jesus didn't have security and nobody assassinated Him... uh... never mind...

Even Jesus was put to death by his followers.  I say that because his follower started the chain of events that ultimately led to his death.   For you who would like to debate, Adam and Eve were responsible for the death of Jesus.  Even Adam and Steve are just as responsible.  Let's discuss this into greater detail.  As I said yesterday, I hope the pope will not need security and nor will we.

A change is gonna come, don't believe me ask the silenced NUNS!

Francis will be a Priest --- He may be the Pope, But he is still a Priest caring for his people. Security is going to go nuts trying to keep him from his "flock".

I don't remember Jesus having a security detail. Jesus taught us how to live and yet the Pope lives exactly the opposite of what Jesus taught.This Pope is a wonderful man.  Pray for God to protect him for us all.  What a wonderful example he is giving to the flock.

He had his Cross stolen while crowd surfing.

Why does the pope have a security detail?  Isn't PRAYER more powerful than any security detail could imagine to be?

He will need security just like all previous popes who had attempted assassinations !

With the Pope in such good health at his age, and his fearlessness among crowds, his matter of fact approach to people and his work, his contempt for homosexual propaganda, and his distaste for pomp, do we even need to ask if he lifts?

Good for him. If God is with him, he'll be o.k. wading into crowds.

I'm not a churchie kind of guy but I am indifferent to those that worship one way or an other.  But I am actually pleased to see a Pope that isn't dressed with enough bling to make a rapper jealous or living it up like an episode of Cribs.  Just maybe they could use the money saved by one Super Bowl sized gold ring and help feed the poor.

I'm sure his purpose for doing that wasn't to "test his security detail."  The liberal media have their heads screwed on backwards.

He will be the most beloved Pope. God bless him.

...don't the security detail understand, this Pope wants to live like his namesake....so what's with all this presidential security men-in-black about???...he probably wants to eat hard bread and a glass of water or milk and sleep on the floor......let him be!!!Biblical end time prophecy clearly states that the AntiChrist(s) will be killed, receiving a wound to the HEAD, appear to DIE, and appear to COME back to LIFE, proclaiming him/themself as GOD, we are DEFINITELY down to the remaining YEAR of which we shall WITNESS firsthand many of these things come to PASS, be PREPARED, get RIGHT with OUR HEAVENLY CREATOR, for in time NO 2 STONES shall be LEFT standing upon ONE another, but the KINGDOM of God, shall REMAIN...

He wants to get in touch with the people.  Especially the little boys.  He really wants to touch the little boys....

Look at the history of the popes through time.. So much evil, #$%$, homosexuality, I DARE YOU LAZY catholics to research the history of the popes and ur church,, truth hurts????

'beware when thousands upon thousands... speak so highly of you'...  for this is how they treated the false prophets.  mmmm who said those words?  Jesus the Christ  God manifest in the flesh....  what do we see today?  so many speaking highly of this man.. following after him.. running after him.. adoring and worshipping him...    'beware'.. that means to take heed'.. and that is what some need to be doing today..

who is and what is a pope why does he need security I don't know of any other preacher needing security.Billy Graham went all over.

Story don't say that some punk @zz Vatican thug lifted F-Pope's wallet. Sorry for yall, you be a top cat, dont deserve that kinda street trash. Keep rockin the faith, bro, luv ya.

use drones to protect him. obama says its legal to kill people, even americans, with drones.  we can borrow from the chinese to pay for it.  no problem.  and the church can claim some sort of a tax write off.

What do the people of gilgamesh think and the holy spider

Yes--I bet he was "kissing children," mostly BOYS!!

Show mercy to. Almighty god, and put his name jehovah back into the bible ,benedict removed 7000 times from _ts holy place !kids  you better run

Who needs security, no one ever harmed John Paul II...

A man of the people just like Jesús

Hi im the pope and this is jackass!