So who does the US government terrorists in DC want in charge of this "opposition government"?  Hopefully here in the US, you realize what are government is doing is "COMPLETELY" internationally illegal, and being solely enforced by terrorism, force, fascism and propaganda.  There establishing a co-government for the Syrian nation, by blatant terrorists no less, without the consent of the Syrian people.  I can understand why foreigners hate our terrorist and fascist way of life, especially after we fund terrorists to rape their girls and women, shoot the husbands, burn their homes and cahase what's left of the family across the border with the clothes on their backs.  Our Congress has the audasity to hire Al-Queda that killed our own US military two years ago.  I know what surviving families should be doing with their assault rifles in DC.It seems five different "opposition" factions are bidding for the top spot in government:The faction that shoots missile launchers into Syrian universities on exam day.The faction that blows up car bombs in the middle of Damascus.The faction that invades towns, rapes the women, shoots the kids and burn downs homes...turning the remaining family into refugees across borders.The faction caught loading chemical weapons into rockets by Russian defense satellite  photos, in the the Turkish Terrorist Training camps (protected by our US Patriot Missile Systems at the Turkish/ Syrian border).The faction that lines police and community leaders against the wall and shoots them in cold blood. Our US government calls these murder victims "Assad sympathizers", and the sociopathic  terrorists, freedom fighters.The former Al-Queda faction that Ambassador Stevens helped hire, before Red Crescent and AQIM attacked Benghazi CIA Special Missions Compound and stopped the illegal flow of terrorists and weapons to Turkey and Jordan for insertion into Syria. Knowledge of this information is still denied by the lying FBI, US Congress and Senate. They all know... just insult your intelligence and your trust.So which faction of these blatant foreign terrorists gets more US tax money and more support? The new leadership  will no doubt inherit the chemical weapons rockets to burn the lungs of innocent children in Syria, while our US press tries to blame it on Assad once again. Make sure youget a chance to catch the news on which faction of the "opposition" terrorists the US Congress is going to support to bomb, murder, rape, displace, and terrorize innocent Syrian civilians.  My US Senators, Claire McCaskill and Roy Blunt, are fully aware of what's going on in Syria and what happened in Benghazi. .  Getting oil profits and political bribes are more important than the terrroists they hire to kill innocents.  Ask them about the Keystone XL pipeline.  Let's really screw up the environment for higher oil profits!I'm sick of this international terrorism with our US tax money, and the danger these sociopaths in DC have put us in the last decade and a half.

they represent only themselves Salafists fighting against the regular Syrian army,just like the so called 70 000 death , even the muslim brotherhood in London say at the most 20 000 death ,most likely around 12 000 death . The 70 000  death came from some un knowned source at the UN !!!! out of the dead only around 7% are innocent women and children ,the rest evenly divided between Salafists and government soldiers .

..What about the views of the remainder of the Syrian people that are living in Syria? What a wonderful new #$%$*ktak-er gov't they'll have in Syria!

Did they invite Kerry?

Interesting Facts About The Religion of Piece......*)In Lebanon, men are legally allowed to have sex with animals, but the animals must be female. Having sexual relations with a male animal is punishable by death.(Like THAT makes sense.)In Bahrain , a male doctor may legally examine a woman's genitals, but is prohibited from looking directly at them during the examination. He may only see their reflection in a mirror.(Do they look different reversed?)Muslims are banned from looking at the genitals of a corpse. This also applies to undertakers. The sex organs of the deceased must be covered with a brick or piece of wood at all times.(A brick?)The penalty for masturbation in Indonesia is decapitation.(Much worse than going blind!)Oh yeah we're just gonna have a regular BALL when this bunch of 'tards takes over the world...

Yeah sure, and then everything will be ok right?  pffff hahahahaha

These so called opposition do not represent the Salafists

The Syrian opposition needs to be Exterminated!

the Gewish biggest dream---to destroy Syria and Hebollah so they can kill 78 millions  Iranianand then install SATANyahoo the king of NWO

Good luck, FSA.Bunch of terrorists meeting as usual.. 2 years of meeting, the outcome: more bloods, more destruction, more kidnapping, more suicide bombing, more refugees,more rape, more virgins! Wow.. It looks to me ZIONISTS AT WORK

lets choose Obama as the leader becuse US is running this show anyway. This will save a hell of a time

This "opposition" represents no one but Western interests.

Assad is a dictator as the other Persian Gulf rulers and kings, the difference is, that he did not pay the bribes to his western mobs countries.

Syrian opposition = same Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists they said did 9/11