This government will not last a year. Coalition will fall apart and new elections will be held again. Naftali Bennett and Yair Lapid see polls that show that they will gain if new elections will be held.

I still wonder who Lieberman has been assigned to blow.

Netanyahu has one ace up his ___ to appease the ultras, i.e. settlement building.

For the #$%$ who belittled Rachel Corrie's death, will you please explain to me:1- How exactly she "threw" herself infront of the bulldozer? It's not like she jumped infront of the bulldozer at the last second. She was standing infront of it speaking through a megaphonewearing a bright orange jacket that made her easy to see; also, there was enough distance that would've made it easy for the driver to stop even didn't.2-Explain to me how Corrie did not get ran over once but TWICE by the same bullzoer with eyewitnesses (including her ISM colleagues) saying that the driver ran her over dileberatery and not "by accident"?

You're right, AL, that's why HAMAS needs to go.

It's all a Rothschild/Rockefeller game, and you aren't in on it.

Shimon Peres, as the world knows, SHOULD BE THE PRIME MINISTER!!! Netanyahu is bad for Israel, Palestine, and the world. I so hate Rabin was killed; now he was a MAN! Just think if all mankind loved and visited each other!!! If only Israel would give up that dirt...and live and let live. But they think america is God. And because of it, our black and white a$$e$ are going to pay the price.. I can care less about a jewish bible...

iran hangs corrupt bankers, America should do the same

Israels politics are the same as Hitlers, convince their people to fear all their neighbors, every politician there runs the same platform, all their neighbors are evil and they are the 'chosen' people of a "god".  They do " Drive By Bombings"  on all their neighbors to instigate violence and tell the world its self defense.

A "lineup" . . . don't police use a lineup of suspects to help victims identify the perpetrators of crimes?The world already knows who the criminals are, now they need to be tried and punished for crimes against humanity.Are you listening, zionists?The spirit of colonializing the Palestinians as captured in the vision of Zev Jabotinsky appears to be alive and well and in tact.

Obama's message should be make peace or face War crime trails.  If Israel cant make peace then try all war crime criminals, American, Israeli and Palestine war criminals.  Then try making policy and peace based on international law.

This government will collapse in less than two months if not earlier.

Israel APIAC seek "exemption" from sequestration cuts. An official from the lobby explicitly refused to rule out pursuing such legislation, even if that would enable Israel alone to escape the cuts hitting every other foreign aid recipient, not to mention those hitting domestic programs.And what, my fellow Amerians, has an Israeli jew done for you today?

America doest need israel, israel desperately needs America

A real patriotic Israeli would demand that the illegal occupation be stopped and the illegal settlers brought back to Israel.  Unfortunately there are few patriots in Israel.  A mere handful.

Israel started the 6 day war to steal land.  Check CIA 6 day war.  It is very clear Israel did not need to attack egypt to defend it'self.  Read the CIA report, it's on line anyone can read it.  This lie about egypt attacking Israel is a lie. Proof is on line.

Mind, "The tree of liberty must be watered from time to time with the blood of patriots."  Jefferson.

And a hard line defense minister,sounds familiar hard line all the way,APARTHEID ISRAEL.

Search-- Project Pinto NetanyahuNetanyahu gets standing Ovations from our U.S. Congress when he is a traitor and has commited espionage against the U.S..He should be imprisoned next to Israeli Hero Johnathan Pollard for stealing nuclear technology.Then We should imprison all Politicians and Officials who allowed this betrayal and are still funding a nation with a War Criminal and a TRAITOR of the U.S. in its Government.These are grounds for WAR...........hamas and hezbollah not Americas problems

Israel has the worst blood sucking jews ever created in the face of the earth.

This government is not peace government.

Israel should have dumped that dictator  Netanyahu.

Israel and peace do not go to gather

Jeff has been on here all day trying to get someone to believe his twisted comments.So far, no one is buying it, except the other zionist trolls.

Congratulations to the New Democratic Government of our Ally, Israel. All peaceloving, non-bigoted, caring people of the world should wish them the best in theirefforts to reach a long term, peaceful agreement with their neighbors.

Neftali housing minister,and his main goal is out with the Palestinians in with the Eastern European settlements,YOH! Obama how youlike me so FAH ?

Mark D,How do you know this is not a pro-peace government?  Have the Palestinians ever tried to make peace?  No.  People said Begin was not pro-peace, but he made peace with Egypt.  Every Israeli government is willing to make peace if the Arabs are willing.  Unfortunately, the Palestinians have never been willing.

Have the Palestinian Arabs ever taken the real steps needed for peace; specifically, (1) acknowledge Israel is the Jewish homeland, (2) agree that Israel was not built on Arab land, and (3) accept that anybody who never lived in Israel is not a refugee, and (4) accept that those who did flee are owed nothing by Israel?T@LMUDIC Noahide Laws Congress Passed In 1991 in honor of the Racist Anti-Gentile New testament burning Bolshevik Supremacist RabbiSearch- Congress passed T@LMUDIC Noahide laws 1991For anyone who is not aware of these anti-Christian and anti-America laws on our books to honor a Racist Supremacist Rabbi.Menachem Schneerson got standing ovations from the US Congress"The wives and daughters of Gentiles are [prostitutes]."- Menachem Schneerson, the Lubavitch RebbeSearch-Menachem Schneerson Lubavitch Rabbi Racist Supremacist Qoutes.Look at a bunch of sources not just wiki

Native and Pal you are both Israeli paid trolls using clone accounts to slander people who stand against Israel and its betrayal and plundering of America.Sad Disgusting people with no limits to how low you will go!

The news said harmUS told the president He better not visit the temple mount. No supprise that para stinkians are threatening and telling others what they can or can not do.

First muslims knocked down the world trade center. Then they tried to put up a mosque in the same spot. Sound famiar where ever they go.

Don't know why everyone focuses on a "peace agreement" there hasn't been a war over there since the early 70's.  It is way more peaceful than most of Africa.

If muslims were peaceful would everybody have to take their shoes off everytime we go through an airport. Thank a muslim for ruining a simple experience like flying

Rothschild Zionist Israel...stealing Palestinian land since 1948.

Gordon Duff of Veterans Today* Zionism going through death throes *...at...PressTV

Look at that evil Bibi, elected by the Israeli people, compromising with 3 other parties to form a coalition in less then 2 month , while poor unelected Hamas and poor unelected Abbas can't have their unity!

How do you get an instant thumbs down from a para stinkian. They look for posts that contains the words peace and friendship. That means war.I have the feeling Israel is moving in the right direction trying to reach and accord with the Palestinians and not ultra-Orthodox party in the governmen. My question is how is possible that the ultra-Orthodox can form a party and at the same time no to join the army and do little work or not work at all?I guess it was about time to tell those people you have to fight for your country and for your religion how many Israelies are going to die in war and those Orthodox having babies living on welfare and wating somebody else die fighting for their country, I believe that is something crazy!Ideassoul

@Get Back, maybe Israel didn't "need" to wage a preemptive attack on Egypt, but how do you explain away all the Egyptian Acts of War that provoked the confrontation?

Israeli Arabs are more free than Arabs in most Arab countries.The Palestinian Authority controls most of the West Bank.Gaza is a terrorist enclave controlled by the Hamas terrorist organization.If you want "apartheid," you should look at how Arab countries are doing these days.

Congratulations to the New Democratic Government of our Ally, Israel. All peaceloving, non-bigoted, caring people of the world should wish them the best in theirefforts to reach a long term, peaceful agreement with their neighbors.

bin laden is a para stinkian hero. They love him. How about you

Israel won that extra land in DEFENSIVE wars.Israel should NOT end any "occupation" until the people who are going to gain control of the land make it clear they want peace to Israel.When Israel tried to exit Gaza, all Israel got in return was years of rockets, and the Hamas terrorist group taking over the territory. Why in hell should Israel make the same mistake again?When Palestinians get over their "eternal holy war" GARBAGE against Israel, and actually want peace with Israel, that's when Israel can hand most of the West Bank to their control.Delusional Leftistss need to stop catering to deranged Islamic terrorist and illiterate psychopaths just because they happen to be the underdog in this micro-situation.

the 14th street Israelites are on You tube it is the same ignorant logic ZIonist and the Jewish people of Israel have.

Here are some of other countries around the world that  muslims do not let live in peace.1. Afghanistan Extreme radical Fundamentalist Muslim terrorist groups &amp; Osama bin Laden headed a terrorist group called Al Quada (The Source) whose headquarters were in Afghanistan.2. Bosnia Serbian Orthodox Christians, Roman Catholic, Muslims3. Cote d'Ivoire Muslims, Indigenous, Christians4. Cyprus Christians &amp; Muslims5. East Timor Christians &amp; Muslims6. Indonesia, province of Ambon Christians &amp; Muslims7. Kashmir Hindus and Muslims8. Kosovo Serbian Orthodox Christians, Muslims9. Kurdistan Christians, Muslims Assaults on Christians (Protestant, Chaldean Catholic &amp; Assyrian Orthodox). Bombing campaign underway.10. Macedonia Macedonian Orthodox Christians &amp; Muslims11. Middle East Jews, Muslims12. Nigeria Christians, Animists, &amp; Muslims13. Pakistan Suni &amp; Shi'ite Muslims14. Philippines Christians &amp; Muslims15. Russia, Chechnya Russian Orthodox Christians, Muslims. The Russian army attacked the breakaway region. Muslims had allegedly blown up buildings in Moscow. Many atrocities have been alleged.16. Serbia, province of Vojvodina Serbian Orthodox &amp; Roman Catholics, Muslims17. Sri Lanka Buddhists &amp; Hindus Tamils, Muslims19. Thailand: Pattani province: Buddists and Muslims20. Bangladesh: Muslim-Hindu (Bengalis) and Buddists (Chakmas)21. Tajikistan: intra-Islamic conflict

Better system than arab countries. They just shoot the last guy in power.and tell the people to hate anyone that is not muslim.

Israel must continue EXPANDING Jewish settlements otherwise it could happen something similar as in Lebanon the only ex-Christian Arab nation.After 1970 Lebanon accepted thousands of Muslim refugees who created chaos, terrorism, political unrest and discrimination.These Muslim refugees ruined Lebanon's economy which used to be the most prosperous per capita in the region, although Lebanon is not an oil rich country.I believe the same situation could happen to Israel if the Islamic population becomes majority.Take them out Israel.. Don't wait for Obama.. We been waitin 4 years.. He can't even close a Prison in Cuba.

Just keep building Israel!

Geez only 9 TD. from the Obsessive jew hating bigots, Islamo fanatics, 9/11 conspiracynuts, and ignorant fools, so far? Heck, I must be losing my touch.

Can you imagine all peaceful muslim countries living side by side with their neighbors in peace and even with them selves. For the good of mankind. Neither can they

40 Terror Plots Foiled Since 9/11: Combating Complacency in the Long War on TerrorBy James Jay Carafano, PHD. and Jessica Zuckerman- September 7, 2011(Lets hear it for our DOD, our DHS, The CIA, The FBI, The NYPD, etc etc etc!!!!!)

Going to hurt Obama's feelings when he sees he's not the President on that List!

nobody cares for baby killers

If muslim countries told the truth and stealing was againt their faith. The first thing they would say is isreal does not belong to us and never has.

Israel's right to exist as a state is predicated upon its support for true, authentically Jewish beliefs and aspirations, i.e. Torah Judaism.

The Israeli new government is made to fool Obama.The West Bank was supposedly part of Jordan before the Six Day War, the Muslim population living there are so called Palestinians, the Jordanian government does not want them back.The Gaza strip was part of Egypt, the Egyptian government does not want them back either. Why in the world would Israel want them?What genocide? Let us be serious. You have a BIG population growth in Gaza! 3.4 %. UN source.To US Muslims- 90% UNPAID American support ISRAEL.

does this not sound like a dictatorship? or just a king with a fancy name and expiration date. every one is just to trust there jugment (there building there own Berlin wall for christ sake )

this article is pointless - it does not mention names of appointees, their past and current attitudes! worse yet - not one of these comments reflect the non-content of the article!

The Hajj Amin el-Husseini, the intractable opponent of Zionism admitted under questioning that no Arab land was stolen; no Arabs were wiped out, no villages destroyed.Rather, the Jews bought hundreds of thousands of dunam (about ¼ of an acre) of land from willing sellers, often from absentee Arab landowners.Moreover, thanks in part to the Zionists and the British, the quality of life for Palestine’s Arab peasantry was vastly improved, with less taxation, more schools, and an increase in Arab population.

There is someone here, whose alias rhymes with a slang word for #$%$, who has been posting comments for 5 hours straight.  It must be their job to post on Yahoo.  If it is not, then there cannot be anyone more stupid.

Every day ISRAEL exists, its children flourish, democracy thrives... the losers are﻿ the hamascum/pallywood, who continue to fight a war they lost long ago.GOD BLESS ISRAEL !

If the largely secular Israeli public were honest with themselves, they'd admit that it has always been, and always will be the hard-core, Orthodox Judaism that has inspired Jews to dwell in Israel and Jerusalem for millennia, despite all the associated suffering, that forms the bedrock basis of the State of Israel.

Hmm.....What have we here? 12 posters who SUPPORT Islamist terrorist attacksagainst America? ........Surely none of those are Americans? (ARE they?)

Israel must continue EXPANDING Jewish settlements otherwise it could happen something similar as in Lebanon the only ex-Christian Arab nation.After 1970 Lebanon accepted thousands of Muslim refugees who created chaos, terrorism, political unrest and discrimination.These Muslim refugees ruined Lebanon's economy which used to be the most prosperous per capita in the region, although Lebanon is not an oil rich country.I believe the same situation could happen to Israel if the Islamic population becomes majority.

There no sigh of Hamas desiring peace with Israel. Indeed, that's the last thing they want. They're prepared for a lengthy cease-fire during which they rearm and prepare to attempt to conquer Israel when it suits them on the model of the original Islam/Jewish encounters.The thing about this is we know it goes against the personal beliefs of Netanyahu, and he must be grinding his teeth right about now. But, if he does not go along with the program, it could fracture the coalition and force new elections. This is always a possibility that hangs over his head. Let us hope for better.

When Israel the state, disavows, its identification with Judaism, authentic, hard-core, "Ultra-Orthodox" Judaism, it concedes its right to exist as a state.

Any Middle Eastern leaders overthrown by the current unrest are unlikely to be replaced by any kind of functioning democratic system - it will just be more of the same.Democracy is a cultural thing - the ability to accept the wishes of the majority basically - this does not exist in Arabic culture .In the Arab world there are no real democratic governments as we understand the term and there is no indication that there will be any for generations.

Rachel really was mentally unstable. She threw herself against huge military bulldozer! It was obviously suicidal action.If you see the hatred in her as she is burning the American flag, it is easy to agree that she was insane.

POP QUIZ: Who are the bigger Islamophobes, the Sunnis or the Shi'a?(This tests knowledge as well as reading comprehension.)

Arab oil? These people have nothing to contribute to mankind other than oil.The same oil that nigeria, Libya,Gabon ,Kuwait has seen their export to the west drop 40% the last 6 months due to the tar sands in Alberta and the Shale oil being discovered daily.Heres even worse news,Exploratory drilling near Beit Shemesh,Israel has found the area contains approximately 250 billion barrels of shale oil. Oy vey

And in related new from the 'Arab Spring Neighborhood' next door:BEIRUT (AP) — The number of Syrians who have fled their war-ravaged country and are seeking assistance has now topped the 1 million mark, the U.N. refugee agency said Wednesday, warning that Syria is heading toward a "full-scale disaster."Allah u Akbar, Hasta La Vista Baby (aka Arab children). What? No one promised you an Arab Rose Garden full of petro dollars?!

I am profoundly thankful at last the ultra-orthodox Haredim are not in the government..especially the detestable Haredi fascist party SHAS.  As an American Zionist I think the Israelis really need to get their political act together-they've cobbled together an institutional political system of utter fragmentation leading to disunity and corruption and everyone in and out of Israel knows it.  As a Zionist I feel strongly it is my duty to support Israel as the Jewish state--NOT AS THE ORTHODOX JEWISH STATE.  Sooner or later if the Israelis don't deal with the subversive unpatriotic presence of the Haredim they are going to lose almost all of their non-Orthodox support in the Diaspara..and in America bear in mind the Orthodox comprise no more than 13% of Jewry..the other 87% of us have learned  the hard way that there is no way to get any respect or fraternal cooperation from them.

n the context of the Israeli–Palestinian nconflict, Palestinian nationalism has largely been replaced by Holy Obligation, motivating adherents to commit terrorist murder.Legitimization of Palestinian suicide attacks within Israel has now evolved to where, Islamists believe that they may commit mass murder anywhere in the world to advance their holy cause.As a result the world now suffers from a plague of Islamic terrorism, authored and perfected by the Palestinians.

The Jewish Home Party is the Israeli new government.liars,landthieves,murderers war criminals eternal victimsIslamoNazis occupiers of Indigenous Infidels of Middle East

palestine doesnt exist

Stop The False Posts, if you really want to stop the false posts, you would get a real job that doesn't involve working for the zionists.

Most Christians have already been expelled from the Arab countries,Turkey and Iran by sheer hatred and intolerance.It's difficult to imagine what would happen to Israel if they accepted the terms of Hamas or Hezbollah, but their fate wouldn't be different from that of the Christians, I guess.

@Eliiot StamlerThe Haredi party SHAS is not  fascistic. They are just embezzlers.

Islamel and peace never ever go to gather

why do you care IslamoNazi Farid K while sitting pretty in your homeland Mecca?

Is that you IslamoNazi Farid K?

"Bibi should never have chosen a nickname that means (also) ‘my-sewage.’"- RoiTov

East Jerusalem Never was an Arab's city and never will be. It's where the Old City and the Jewish Quarter was before the Jordanians smashed it to pieces.There's been a majority of Jews in Jerusalem for centuries. They won't give it up a second time.Why are Israel and the US selling cluster-bombs to Syria?

Foreign IslamoNazi "teenage" Fukestinian Arabs threw rocks at a 2 year old Zionist toddler and critically injured her. It is unclear if she will survive. She was riding in a car driven by her mother when the IslamoNazi terror attack happened. The mother and two sisters were injured too.

Rick...are u suggesting that we Americans give back all the land in America to the native Indians?

Netanyahu new government more of the same nothing is new.

Congratulations PM Natanyahu for forming a new government, excluding the fanatic, parasite, racist ultra-Orthodox who exploit &amp; live off the secular 92% majority, using their Torah studies as an excuse not to work, and not serve in the army. Cograts to Yair Lapid as well.

Why do Russia and Iran give for free cluster-bombs to Syria?

Doud R did you use cellphone today? like using GPS to work at the al Takkyia sweatshop?

Jeff posts truth and facts. David R is not even named David.

Mohammedan Jihadist Islamel...stealing Middle East Indigenous Infidel land since 630 AD.

The American traitor Rachel Corrie died on this day 10 years ago.The zionist controlled MSM almost made it through 24 hours without yet another article about Israel's "New and Improved" zionist government.

Islamel should have dumped that Pedophile Muhammadyahu.

Good, religious extremism like the ultra orthodox doesn't belong in any rational humane government

Party time !

The Jihadish Parties are the 57 Islameli old and new governments.

People still think Israel is defending themselves in 2013? l0l0l0l0l0l.

The arab posters are showing their view of democracy=remove opposing views.Send the arabs back

The Islameli new Egyptian, Iraqi, Afghani, Turkish, Libyan governments are made to fool Obama.

The only time change will come-  is when the people rise and make change themselvesEven Thomas Jefferson stated" The people need to revolt from time to time-  to maintain control of their government "Unfortunately, the people have chose the couch

Glad to learn the ultra orthodox is no longer part of the coalition. Maybe some positive change will now be possible for the moderates and for the society.I have watched the Arab-Israeli conflict play out since 1948. The 1949 Armistice boundary was convoluted to the extreme, and was indefensible. The 1956 Suez War was an example of armatures at work, including the British and French. It was triggered by miscalculations on the part of our Ike and the Dulles brothers. The 1967 Six Day War surprised the winner and the losers as well. Peace was not yet possible. That emotional block was resolved by the 1973 Yom Kippur War. Egyptian pride was salved and it was ready for peace. But the problem had by then shifted from the Arabs to the “greater Zion” Israeli Jews. The primary pro-peace party, Labor, has shrunk ever since. What we have today is “peace” even if Orwellian. Let’s get used to that and move on. Don

“When Israelis in the occupied territories now claim that they have to defend themselves, they are defending themselves in the sense that any military occupier has to defend itself against the population they are crushing… You can’t defend yourself when you’re militarily occupying someone else’s land. That’s not defense. Call it what you like, it’s not defense.”~ Noam Chomsky

A Nation of people born from injusticeNow Causing great sorrow in all civilized among usYou claim your only concern is your securityBut, your true intent is plain enough for everyone to seeThere are Jews among you who detest what you doBut their voices are muffled and they seem to be growingYou’re proud and you’re arrogant, malicious and cleverYou seem to think world sympathy is going to shield you foreverOh but the bed is too short and the covers are too narrowYou can’t see the hand writing for your scope is too narrowAggressive you have been since the day you were bornFrom the anguish and misery of lives you have tornIsrael oh Israel where will you beWhen the pages have dried on your history

Search-- Project Pinto NetanyahuNetanyahu gets standing Ovations from our U.S. Congress when he is a traitor and has commited espionage against the U.S..He should be imprisoned next to Israeli Hero Johnathan Pollard for stealing nuclear technology.Then We should imprison all Politicians and Officials who allowed this betrayal and are still funding a nation with a War Criminal and a TRAITOR of the U.S. in its Government.These are grounds for WAR...........

As usual, 'get back's posts have nothing to do with the article.  He just posts to spread his mouse-lem teqiyyah

Just reviewed yahoo news headlines.  What a bunch of barbariNS ARAB ARE

The arab propaganda brigade is showing their view of arab democracy by using multiple id's to remove views=arab democracy