I thought we had color photography way back in 1990.

The people that currently have them, KNOW they are stolen.

"the thieves belong to a criminal organization" ... no #$%$!!!

Next on Antiques RoadShow!

"Kelly says authorities realize that, after so many years, the art could be in the hands of people who had nothing to do with the crime and may not even know the objects were stolen."I call bull.  These are WORLD FAMOUS works of art.  Anyone who's buying art at these prices (millions of dollars) knows DAMNWELL that these are stolen pieces!

Art lovers bought the paintings by great masters and have no idea the are stolen?!

I bought them at a flea market ..... I swear

$500 million???  I'm in the wrong business!...

It means they have Nothing!!!

"Richard DesLauriers, the FBI's special agent in charge in Boston, says the thieves belong to a criminal organization based in New England and the mid-Atlantic states"Until they read this on Yahoo news and skipped out of the USA.Privet collectors have hidden rooms .( these were stolen for someone ).It was not random to be sold on the black market  . i know what each of the artworks look like from memory and yes the were too famous to be out in the open or bought by mistake

You can't steal art anymore. Now you can only kidnap art. looks like the FBI has no idea who has it.

The problem is that secret collectors don't care. Their children and other relatives may know an open secret that no one talks about. This type of theft will take lifetimes to find. Look at all the art, money, jewelry, famous museum pieces that have not been found since WWII. Another two generations have been born into the world since then.

We didn't have color photography in the 90s?

It would be hilarious if somebody brought these paintings in on "Pawn Stars".

they are reaching ,they don't have any clues

If this investigation was ever "fast moving", then my wife is Dale Earnhardt Jr.

Response from the accused suspect: "I was FRAMED!"

I hope the Gardner Museum gets the paintings back.  Then, I hope they put some lights in the rooms so people can actually see the paintings.

It was SPECTRE.It's incredible and unbeliveable that a musuem with billions of dollars in artwork woul have no alarms or cameras and two unarmed college kids making $7 dollars an hour  "protecting" these masterpieces.

Sounds like the FBI is shaking the tree to see if any fruit falls.  These painting are probably hanging in some oil Sheiks private viewing room never to be seen again.

23 years and still no clue , no surprise.

In other words, the FBI has already detained the suspects, sweated them, come up with nada, and let them go.

". . .  two people posing as police officers fooled security guards into believing they were there for a legitimate reason . . ."   Let me guess . . . "Hi, just stopped by to see if you guys wanted to share this big box of donuts . . ."

"the statute of limitations has expired on the crimes committed".......say again. I thought crime didn't pay.

I wouldn't buy anything without a provenance.

The fact that it's valued at $500 million tells me that there are (were) some pretty famous pieces in that collection.  My question is, how could a famous piece of art ever have any value on the black market?  Who would buy something like that, knowing it could never be prominently displayed?

Possession?

Is there a SUBSTANTIAL reward for info leading to recovery? Think I saw the Rembrandt hanging in Tyrone Biggums crib!well why don't you ask the people who did it if you know who they are!

Their for sale at the goodwill store for three dollars.

"In the meantime, empty frames hang on the walls of the museum, a reminder of the "enormous loss" and a symbol of hope that they will be recovered,"Well good luck in the next millennium.

"81 minutes.'Did they order pizza while doing the heist?

Someone tried to sell them on pawn stars but their expert declared them as fake.

As a Bostonian, it would be nice to see it finally returned, but it's probably in the private collection of an unscrupulous collector and won't be returned for a long, long time.

Why not show pictures of the art work so everyone, including the owners, know what it looks like and what the FBI are looking for???

The FBI must have paid someone to give them information.

Okay. Now wait. Uh, my alibi is, uh... Okay. Now, just wait...

They'll probably turn up in a  Goodwill store, that seems to be where all the famous paintings are found nowadays....This Museum is a real gem, if in Boston go visit it. They still have the empty spaces on the walls were these paintings were stolen. The museum can never add artwork, they must maintain the rare art that they have. They have some really fantastic art.

So the FBI is going after an Art heist that happened over twenty years ago, when you have to walk around all the dead bodies, in Detroit, and Chicago! Seems like they have a problem with priorities.....

$500 million, but you could never sell these outside of the black market, which might mean the thieves either made a lot more (buyer was very interested), or a lot less (buyer knew they were trying to get rid of them.)

The Gardner is the best place to go when in Boston. You really need a couple of days to go through it all.

I really think ART is over priced.

found in a russian billionaire's living room.....lol

Only took them 23 years to come up with this clever ploy.....

After 23 years, no cap gains tax.  Brilliant !

It is still an unsolved case find the art work.

Tom Spano from Chadds Ford, PA is the ring leader.Let's hope that the art work is recovered...what a loss it would be if the paintings were destroyed....Since they are not worried about arresting the thieves...I hope they just returd the paintings........

I have the dog's playing poker of my basement wall,.....yes, it is priceless.......to my dog....

How in the heck do you get one of those little pen tip award thingys?

I'm glad they solved it.  No arrests and no artwork?

Get the thieves. Bring them into a room in an isolated setting and find out what happened to the art work or who knows what happened to it. Do this repeatedly until you get the artwork. Easy.

Won't release names of the thieves, state they can't arrest them and they haven't recovered any of the art.In other words after 23 years, nothing has happened except now because of the statute of limitations the thieves can walk right up to the fbiees &amp; laugh in their faces.

I wonder how much 2 decades worth of investigations has cost to find some paintings from some dead guy.

Always wondered why people with the artistic talent to fake a painting would not just paint using there own name.

thats a good way to spend tax payers money---

OFFICER BARBRADY, I CALL SHENANIGANS!!!Ortiz said the statute of limitations has expired on crimes associated with the actual theft. (YET!!) She said anyone who knowingly possesses or conceals the stolen art could still face charges - HUH-WHAAAAATThe FBI has no idea who stole, or where the paintings are. They are just hoping for some leads.

The paintings are ruined by now. Focus on the thieves.

Just like the Whitie Bulger case. When the FBI is envolved, no answers. America, wake up. The FBI is not what you think. They're mostly mafia. Look at the past.

How is releasing the thrives names going to hamper the investigation?  The thrives know who they are.

Oh yeah, I've solved a bunch of cases, just not going to share the culprits with you...but a ton of cases...

No color?  Wow, very cool.  I love antique photographs.

"but it is withholding the identities of the thieves", because they only do that in big time robberies, guys that knock over corner markets.

So what I got from this story is that, the FBI isn't sure, the FBI is seeking information, the FBI believes (which means they aren't sure) of who the thieves are. So that pretty much puts the FBI where it was in 1990...NOT SURE! Great story!

I'll never understand who wants to own stolen art. I mean it isn't like you can display it in your home right?

I was right next to this museum working at Simmons College that very night. I always wondered if they would catch the thieves. The plot thickens...They're probably hanging up in Whitey's cell in Plymouth... ;) lol

if obama's storm troopers know who they are, why are they still free

Why hasn't the FBI published photos of the stolen art? Seems like the chances of recovery would be much greater if we were all aware of them. There are maids, repairmen, delivery people that may have seen them and thought nothing of them.

Ever who has got it, is getting old, Why would you want something like that, It for the world to enjoy. It setting in a coner collecting dust some were.

Just go to China where dozen of young painter copy masterpieces.  Then just stick those copies in the frames, once they get back the originals, and put them in a safe.

hey feds i'd give a clue:GOOGLE... if you still can't find it, try CRAIGSLIST

Wow, what a great story from the incompetent AP !. It said absolutely nothing about the theft!

LMAO !!!!!!!!!!   YOU GOT NOTHING F.B.I. !!!!!!

Statutes of limitation are so stupid! Just succeed in hiding for a while and you're scot-free. A disgrace to the entire constitution and body of law. Only a criminal could approve!

maby the Stewart Gardner Museum stole the own art of the insurance money.It was Jimmy Hoffa! Why else haven't we found him yet?

Thiefs stealing $500 million is not worth catching......What, do they get a finder fee for recovering the paintings....Just arrest the thiefs and ask them who they sold them to...

the FBI has no clue to this caper

I think Frank and Mike have them in their Iowa shop.

I'm not a lawyer but it seems crazy to have a statute of limitations on a $500 million theft.  If it takes 20 years to catch them they should still go to jail and not get off on a technicality.

About time the FBI figured it out, I was going to say more but figured they may track my IP address and harass me.

I didn't even know this Rembrandt seascape was the only one he did....oops I mean THAT Rembrandt seascape...you know the one that was stolen...not the one I .....er never mind....

Why do they care so much about art anyways? They would rather be focusing on this instead of terrorism or kidnappings or illegal immigrants?

If they get the artwork back does that mean they have to pay back the insurance claim they got paid?

believe they know the identity of the thieves. So, what is the reason for not arresting them? They don't REALLY know who it is, is why!These paintings are not worth 500 million.  They are priceless, and until they find the perpetrators, it's the same as if the art was stolen from all of us.

Hire someone to paint them again.  No one will know the difference.  It's art and open to interpretation.

I bought two at Walllmart last month. I have them hanging in my classy man cave , right behind my wet bar . Cheers !

FBI translation : we don't have any Idea !!!

$5 million reward? Man, I wish I knew where they were.

"It's likely over the years that someone — a friend, neighbor or relative — has seen the art hanging on a wall, placed above a mantle or stored in an attic."And it's also very likely that in another 10-20 years, some of this artwork is going to show up in thrift shops all over the U.S. Yahoo has had at least two stories in the past year where a valuable painting was found by someone looking for a bargain.

That would be cool if they found the missing paintings at Pierce Brosnan's house.

Statue of limitations has run out---FBI refuses to say who thief was---too embarrassed to tell---Motto---Steal fine art---hide it for 20+ years---legally sell it for billions---Hilarious incompetent laws.

How many people can afford to buy $500 million in artwork?

Must be a Kennedy if they're not going after him.These thieves stole from all of us, not just a museum.

So, in other words....They don't know crikey! And who ever has the paintings knows for 100% fact they are stolen!! Have you ever heard of someone paying a million bucks for a painting and not have it authenticated and insured? First time someone does that, the FBI would know where they are.

Stealing 13 pieces of artwork in 81 minutes? Wow, criminals today are alot faster than that, what the hell? The artwork could be half across the country by now! Really, are they ever going to find it, or the criminals? Hummm........ chances are slim!

Seriously, just imagine you go to someone's house for dinner and they have on their wall what is pretty obviously a stolen painting.  I mean, what do these people's friends think of them?

The reporter didn't speak with an annoying Boston accent. A fluke.

Made it Ma, top o the WORLD  *_____*

they will never find that stuff. its long gone.

I am going to take a #$%$. Let me know who they are after I #$%$. I will feel better. Get a life!

How can the statute of limitations be passed???  It's STILL STOLEN, every day the art is not in the hands of the legal owners It's Stolen!

"If the frame does not fit, you must acquit."Statute of limitations is up and a $5 million reward?  I hope whoever did it comes forward to collect free money.

maybe every once in awhile they need to publish pictures of stolen art and put out a reward and theywould get some back

These people should be brought back to the museum and put to death in a performance art piece.....

"The FBI said it is re-emphasizing a $5 million reward being offered by the museum"What they failed to mention was that IF you have any idea where the paintings are, then they will find a way to lock you up for the next 30 years.

They are hanging on the walls of the oval office in D.C.

LOL, really a criminal part of a criminal organization is the one who did it...never would have guessed that.

They know who it is??! No they don't. ;)

Why not put it up on the FBI's '10 Most Wanted' list?

there in a strorage rental and american pickers now claim all rights

Whitey Bulger did it but they already have him. You will find that Matt Damon and Ben Affleck bought all the artwork.What a joke if they know who stole them put them in Gitmo untill they give up where they are.Nobody would know they where there so statute of limitations would not apply

It took that long for the FBI to figure it out? What the ...

my guess Russians in Cyprus.

Expect to see them at Goodwill soon.

This whole thing is very fishy, and brings out government corruption.  Why not reveal who the suspects may be?  The statute of limits has run out, so what's the problem?  If the FBI is refusing to answer key questions, I think that the theft has something to with the FBI.

If the statute of limitations is in effect, then why are they still investigating. The paintings can never be legally sold again.

Statute of limitations? So you can stuff the stolen art for 20 years and you can't be charged?

Does anyone know the reasoning behind having statue of limitations on crimes? I would think you should prosecuted for committing a crime regardless of how much time has passed.

Barry Weiss discovered them all in a storage locker in an upcoming episode of "Storage Wars"

The guards were obviously in on it.Thomas Crown did it......

If I recall the content of a book I read about the "heist" some time back correctly, the museum had appallingly weak and ineffective security in place to protect the treasures they had in their gallery at that time. I sure hope they have been able to rectify that. It seems that back in '90 almost anyone with a solid plan would have been able to absolutely loot that gallery (again if I am recallling correctly.)

they have the names of the crooks..??? i doubt that.....and much of the rest of this story....2 decades and nothing....they don't know anything....obviously....

Wrong! The US government has stolen farore than that from American citizens and has little to show, broke programs, black mail over education and elderly programs. Thieves and scoundrels to the core!

So, the FBI knows who did it but they don't want to arrest them or say who they are! So my guess is it is someone in the Obama Administration. No one wants to say anything wrong about that group of thiefs.

When I was there, exchanging  a few old men for a few young boys as guards, was not too smart, to guard Rembrandt's, Vermeer's, etc.

The FBI strikes again. lol

Mr. Bean strikes again

i love the emphasis of "decades ago" combined w/ the black and white photo impacting our thoughts of the 90's as old and archaic. how dramatic..as far as a newspaper article? bs, they could have shown a color photo of the pics. the author's intent was to get us the illlusion that this happened longer ago than what really happened.

Maybe today's artists will put Lo-Jack chips in their artworkThe museum sold it . . . to the insurance company.

$5M for a $500M recovery?  The insurance would pay at least $50M (10%) and no questions ask.  Too bad I don't have it.

1st, $5M for $500M worth of art? Insurance already paid for it, yes? And yet they could only offer 1%. Maybe the paintings are not that valuable after all.2nd, if the statute of limitations has expired on crimes associated with the actual theft and yet threat those who possess the art with charges, count another 23 years and still the art wouldn't surface.3rd, act fast FBI, these thieves the FBI said they identified are already old by now if not yet dying. Ask them where the art are.

Bush did it

I saw these pieces on EBAY awhile back.

Is the black and white photo a pathetic attempt at being artistic or were color photos not yet invented in 1990?

paintings by Rembrandt, Manet, Degas and Vermeer, why risk?just buy them back, since FBI consider these paintings priceless, just buy them back, and tell them whoever return the paintings, no criminal charge. No people killed or harmed, no harm done. and this won't happen again.

Should of hired Banacek...could of save a lot of time...

cut their hands off.  on pay per view.

Have they checked the walls of the white house and Congress?  They have stolen about everything else...They are at the bottom of a stack of stuff in some hoarders house.

Not know they were stolen? Anyone who buys pieces such as these will want to know where they came from.

Bookem Dano!

If they knew who did it why no one has been arrested in over 20 years since it happened? Another stupid article.

The art itself isn't nearly as valuable as the history.

Just open the gallery and give the empty rooms and frames each a fancy name, instant art. good job me, I saved the day

I've always wondered about this,these paintings have probably been hiding in plain sight for years on display in someones home.Chances are whoever has them doesn't even know.

Chumlee bought it for $150

Rick Harrison has them,,Paid $ 100.00 for all of them,,thought they were fake..............LOL

But officer, I got them from that thrift shop down the road"The FBI believes it knows the identities of the thieves who stole art valued at up to $500 million from Boston's Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum more than two decades ago.""The FBI has a new website aimed at getting help cracking the case..."How contradictory. Do you know who they are or not?

The FBI says IT knows....well, FBI is an organization of people, so The FBI says They know....Yahoo, can you pay me to edit your headline grammar? I need a good job.

Look what I found at the Thrift Shop!

I see the FBI is breaking in it's new surveillance key name/word search features...

I bought them at Goodwill! I swear!

I dont understand why art is soooo valuable. 13 pictures = $500,000,000. C'mon this is what rich people waste their money on and their complaining about taxes?

Are these the same dudes who stole the $50 Million in diamonds from the airport?

Once again, another misleading headline.  They don't have the artwork, and they don't have the thieves.

who ever has these paintings absolutely knows they are stolen

We know who stole the art but we are not saying, like I know which penny stock is going to be worth hundreds tomorrow, they have no idea even after 10 years , LMAO at the Feds !The thieves must be illegal aliens and the artwork hanging in Warren Buffet's bathroom....or Oprah's.....or Nancy Pelosi's.

Seriously....they are asking people who know something to come forward. Article say's they know who did it? Are they doing this on purpose or is someone really stupid, or, do they think the public is stupid?

Most likely there are in some multimillionaires private study that nobody has access to or ever will. They have about the same chance to get recovered as the Amber room looted by the #$%$.

I don't get it, what do you do with something like that? Hang it up on your wall for all to see? Sell it to someone who will obviously call the police as soon as he finds out what it is?

"Their focus has shifted from catching the thieves to bringing home the precious artwork, including paintings by Rembrandt, Manet, Degas and Vermeer."  I didn't know those guys were southies!

Why is the photo from 1990 in black and white? Like it was so long ago...

For years, they were trying to pin this one on Whitey Bulger... I still think he had a hand in it somehow.

Write 'em up, Chumlee.

Look in Thomas Crowne's house..........

Why is the photo in black and white if it was taken in 1990?Hey Stephen, can we draw Straw s on who done it?

Seriously? Works of art such as these don't get sold to the first person on the street with a couple hundred bucks in their pocket. There are some dirty fingers out there who bought these for lots of dough! I'm sure these were pieced out for some large duffle bags loaded with cash. They knew what they were buying. Now some lucky people have Vermeer and Rembrandt on their walls? Yeah... I'm jealous.

Its hanging in Obamas house in Chicago

Why do people who obviously neither know nor care about art even open such a story, much less post their ignorance online?  Check out the Lindsay Lohan story instead . . . it's more your level of intellect.

i just got censored by yahoo for the n-word the one that has an a and a z and an i in it

Check mitt romney's house

I'm homeless and hungry and just need a few thumbs-up click.

Haaaa! I`ve seen some of these paintings at Barnes &amp; Nobles Book Store. I was looking at an art book and I seen those exact paintings in the book, LOLOLOL! Just kidding, I`m an art lover and the lost of such work is a lost to the art world and the people that have this art should give it back without delay. We the art lovers are missing out on some of the worlds greatest and some of the most iconic art works of modern time. I hope the paintings are in a safe place where there cannot be damaged.

Statute of limitations?

It would be nice to see pictures of all thirteen pieces. Then maybe someone would realize they've been staring at one or all of them for 20+ years.We should be more concerned with the money stolen from hard working people and given to the people who don't want to work. These are the greatest times for the tackers in America.

Heck if I knew where they were, I'd turn them in for the 5 million.  Then I could quit working full time! LOL!

This is not the largest property heist in USA history...it’s another big fat lie spread to cover up the truth. There are organized criminals who make billions &amp; billions (closer to a trillion) engaging in human trafficking &amp; intellectual property theft for 20-30-40-50 years robbing ideas from inventors, artists, idea people, creative geniuses. Some of these #$%$s engaging in industrial espionage &amp; insider trading work for the USA government. Industrial espionage is a violation of National Security because it undermines the economic foundation of the USA. I’m not saying everyone who works for the government is a #$%$, but not everyone isn’t. Why would the idea thieves do this??? Because ORIGINALS are always worth more money than a cheap knockoff. If you can’t afford an original, don’t steal one (or thousands) because you will get caught red handed. When the original idea people don’t get paid what they are worth, they stop producing, then who is going to pay your salary? Where is the job creation in the USA going to come from when the idea people that create the jobs, stop having ideas, because they didn’t get paid the royalties &amp; monies for any of their thousands of ideas for the last 50+ years??? America will be bankrupt soon. Corruption &amp; lies have taken over the country for at least the last 30 years if not longer, it’s getting worse, not better. Corruption &amp; lies are winning and America will lose. Read the book Atlas Shrugged by Ayn Rand when you are in prison.

-----O-----"(O)(O)"( X )

Amazing how many people whom are not educated on art to understand the value of these pieces.

These statutes of limitations on artworks and most personal property can be avoided by owners giving full recourse due if they have decent legal advice.  Vincent Van Gough can't be duplicated or mistaken for anyone else.  What good is a stolen piece if the piece doesn't express the specific artist anyway?  Thats the point isn't it?  It's like stealing a piece of someone's soul.  Even if you get away with it you can't really use it without the artists will.

Hey good to see our tax dollars are being spent wisely

In other words : Please turn yourselves in, we give up!

Of course they solved it...they also found Jimmy Hoffa. LOL

The FBI is withholding the identities of the thieves.Just like I'm withholding the winning lottery numbers too!I just saw this posting on Craiglist for some paintings...

i too can sketch and paint seascape.  i sell my works for only 50k,  i take visa/mc/discover.

Horrible when party of the Western cultural gems are stolen and maybe gone for ever. Vermeer only did a very few paintings.

Um post pictures of the art so that we know what to look for at estate sales or goodwill shops?

I bet you that they are in China, North Korea, and/or Russia. Good luck getting them back!

They're probably "building" enough evidence to extradite specific targets, and for the persons that believe that there isn't a market for stolen goods and we live in an honest society; think again.

Scare tactics, the Feds know nothing.

ill check and see if the thieves have a twitter account

Its kind of ironic that an artist is almost always very poor while making art, but as soon as he/she dies the art becomes very expensive.

so is the moral of the story to steal something hold it for a long time like a free investment then cash in on the immunity and reward later on??Another "Reward" offer they will find a way to NOT pay out.....

why are there statute of limitations on $500 million dollars of stolen property?

Gee....let the thieves know you are hot on thier trail

Read a book on this case some years back.  The author said that contrary to what mostpeople think, security costs so much that many museums do not have adequate securitymeasures.In this case two guys dressed as cops asked the security guards to open the door, andthe guards did so.

How about posting pictures of the stolen art in your news article next time!?! I have no #$%$ idea if I have ever seen them or not.

In other news, the FBI reported that it is 'almost certain' Elvis is alive after a $200 million investigation. When asked by the media about details of the report, a spokesman replied: "The 6 year-old child of one of our agents opened a fortune cookie with his address inside at a 'confidential'  Chinese restaurant, case closed ".

Why is the picture in black &amp; white?  It's 1990 for crying out loud.

It was Thomas Crowne..

Look, it is simple.  Publicly list the items and ask people for information and list a reward.  Assuming the art made it into some private person or person's home, at some point they probably bragged about them or showed them to somebody; maybe a friend a relative a business associate, a girlfriend, boyfriend or whatever.  Heck maybe a contractor just working on the house noticed something odd or was told to maybe never go into a certain room.  It may be likelyt that somebody will rat out the person.  Maybe they are mad, have a grudge against them, got divorced or just plain don't like the person, or gee, would like the reward!

Death penalty. Or a drone strike.If the art was stolen in the 1990's, why is the photograph shown in this article black &amp; white?

Because there's nothing else better to do.....?

Whitey Bulger must be talking!!!

What do you mean "one of the largest"?  IT IS the largest art theft in the US.

it was Pierre Desperaux!

They look awesome beside my Jesus on black velvet painting.

The Mob obviously stole the paintings. whats shocking is that they did not sell them back to the museum. they would have made five million dollars cash. not a bad score considering you cannot sell the paintings to anybody else without being caught.

Carmen Ortiz is VERMEN! Carmen Ortiz is GARBAGE! Carmen Ortiz should be FIRED NOW!

I have one of those paintings, but it lost value when my cat sprayed on it.

I think I saw those for sale on CraigslistIsn't there a statute of limitations on burglary?

So, let me get this straight, the art is worth $500 mil., it's a mob-job, and who ever comes forward will get immunity from prosecution? What about excecution? It's a mob-job!!! Don't you think that you should dig a little deeper than 1% of the total value. Unless you find someone who doesn't mind the idea of standing on rolled out plastic, you'll never see these.

Why not show pictures of the paintings???  How can anyone help if we do not know what we are looking for/

How the heck is art valued? 500 million for a painting? That couldn't of cost the artist more than 5 bucks in paint!

This should be a movie.  Bevis and Butthead can portray FBI Agents

I took a dump on a canvas once. That went for huge bucks in Mexico.

just read a story with nothing about that something that happened long ago.

So i guess the FBI is going to put an ad on craigslist

Wouldn't want to worry about Fast N Furious or Gunwalker, or any of the other crimes committed by the communist in Congress and the White House...

arent they at fenway park and the boston garden hanging in the gardenOk people we have somebody in custody- BUT we're not releasing his identity. We have a reward for anybody turning them in - BUT we still have the right to charge &amp; prosecute. And this doubletalk comes from the same DA who persecuted Aaron Swartz.  smh..... (Go find it yuh bamn self)

some of our fine 1%ers  are looking on them in a private room,just like the off shore accounts ,give them a chance too turn them in,rather than prosecute ( in possesion of stolen goods )  always 2 sets of laws white vs blue collars,  why  dont we just call them the aristocracy and get it over with.

"bringing home the precious artwork, including paintings by Rembrandt, Manet, Degas and Vermeer."MANET!?!?! Seriously yahoo...if you're going to throw names at least try to spell them right! Monet! Thank you!

Always set a fall guy.

Their at the goodwill store....

Whitey Bulger leads them around by the nose once again.

Absolutely fabulous museum we visited in 2001. The docent explained the theft and said it was pulled off by robbers in police uniforms. Hmmmm.

I have these works of art and confess to the crime!! Come get me you Fricking Aholes!

Guess they will get caught eventually.

I find it odd the article did not feature photographs of the missing artwork.The Famous But Incompetent (FBI), couldn't catch a cold.

Sounds suspiciously Cheneyesque to me.

I will return them when they ship all the minorities back to their ancestors original 3rd world birth. Not a second before.

"Just after midnight on March 18, 1990, two men posing as police officers pulled off the heist, stealing 13 pieces of artwork in 81 minutes." &gt;&gt;&gt; I got a feeling these 2 guys are Neal Caffrey and Mozzie! But then again, maybe not.  Coz Neal &amp; Mozzie could do the heist in under 20 minutes lol  #whitecollar

When something of this caliber is stolen, it's normaly sold before it's stolen, when something of this caliber is stolen,there's normaly a jew in the background saying it was theirs before the #$%$ took it.

The FBI is shielding some one big.

500 mil ehh.. hrmm.. ok.. let me just draw up something real quick........:-Dand Walaa....... I call that "Sideways smiley guy" now pay me..

it'll show up on american pickers or pawn stars.

Agreed Fireman,it seems very unlikely that someone would have these displayed without knowing that the pieces are stolen. I've always wondered where these paintings are and if they are displayed or stored in a cellar, I suppose few know and they aren't likely to talk.On the slim chance that these thieves are reading this, I beg of you, reveal the location of the art stolen from the Isabella Stewart Gardner, everyone deserves to see it.

Get those pretty names and faces on some well watched T.V show might yeild faster results, the crooks already know who done it!  Then wait for the Narks to eat it up......Releasing the identities could hamper the investigation, but telling the media they know who didn't won't? backwards people dude.

the thieves are all Jews thats why they not saying who did it..

Sponge Bob Square pants.

Psst..hey buddy.wanna buy a one of a kind Rembrandt..it's a steal..

Maybe they had help from the guys on White Collar LOL

OK.  I have never posted.  I always read the articles. I do and do not agree with some of the feedback, but I appreciate all of it.  I think time and short memories have contributed to this latest 'plea'. After all this time few know, are alive, nor care.  I think it is not by coincidence that Bulgar is going on trial.  Current judge removed....Mr. B knows and he may well know other things.  The art might be the crux to a bargain deal.  Hence the gov hoping to find, that time has replaced loyalties.....

Read "The Lost Degas" by Rees Garrett !!Vincenzo Perugio

they are just fishing

What's up with the black and white photograph? I was only in High School!!!

ebayebay

reminds me of a sketch on I believe it was SNL or something that had the FBI knowing a drug dealer for pretty much 50 years and then when he's on his death bed they bust him saying "We got our man." bust out laughing at that.

MUST SEE!! ILLUMINATI and OBAMA EXPOSED!!!!!

Sooooo, what's you're next move Deputy Dawg????

These original works are always recovered with time.so why steal them or why buy them before you ensure their authenticity

Are the FBI short on crimes to investigate?I read about a murder TODAY they may like to work on.

Gee, could this be a sting operation? Did some FBI agent just watched Robert and Paul on TV?

I know of a Monet, do not know a Manet, can someone enlighten me a little or should we teach writers to learn how to spell or do their homework or correct spelling...

wait that are at the federal reserve bank the other crooks

obama have themI will be the go between if who ever wants to give then back .no questions asked.

Only (5) million dollar reward? That's (1) %. Banacek at least received a (10) % recovery fee and didn't take (23) years.

hey i walked by there today!

The rich dastardly individual who has these is a true bad #$%$.

@ Ryan...without 'art' or artists, there would be no books, no music, no pictures of anything from any time in history to show us what anything or anyone looks(ed) like - whether that be drawings, paintings, or photographs.  There would be no television or movies, no fashion (interesting clothes of any sort or color), no jewelry, no architecture (pretty homes or buildings)...need I go on?  Art is more important than virtually any other endeavor.  Without it, you would be living in a horrible, drab and gray world, unless you lived as a wild man in nature...but even then no singing, no music, no drumming, no embroidery, no headdress, etc.  'Art' is responsible for all of these things!  Even cameras (camera obscura Vermeer) were developed by artists.  Would you rather live a long and healthy life but drab and miserable life without any of these things, or a shorter life that is full of beautiful expression, music, and joy?  Art is even more important that science or medicine.  Art is what makes life worth living for almost ALL of us, we just don't realize that it is responsible for virtually EVERYTHING we enjoy.

Catch me if you can comes to mind.

Lex, From Hard Core PAWN , Wanted to pay me 200 dollars, for a 100.0000 PIECE,Maybe he felt sorry for me ,because i was white,and not jewish----MAYBE

It was Neal Caffrey

They know it was Bulger, nothing went on in Ma that big without him being involved.

Who has half a billion in art and not an absurdly secure system to keep them safe?Ah yes, remember the good old days.....Madonna was still a tramp and we still did not have color photos.

So, in other words, the FBI still knows nothing about the case. They are not releasing names because they have none and are now pleading to the public to come forward with any leads to help them recover the missing art pieces while they are floundering in the fathoms of their own ineptitude.

I thought i saw it in a episode of pawn stars sold for 20 bucks...

Statute of limitations please.  If you steal something over 1 million there should be no statute of limitation.

somewhere in china?

download files from internet too fast 25yrs too life Steals one of a kind Artwork worth Hundreds of millions of dollars Free like a Bird  wow FBI you really show Criminals who is Boss

it is a big bluff !!!!!!  when have you ever heard a cop say thy knew who dud a crime but are still investigating it !!!!   thy just arrest the person

police have simply gone on a "fishing trip"....in other words fishing for answers while hoping someone somewhere will call in a tip for cash reward or it's possible immunity might also be offered to the right person

What is the point of stealing art that you can't sell or show off.

I think I'm one of those people that have seen the paintings! I'm always looking at that stuff.Actually, the reason the frames still hang empty on the walls is that in the will of Isabella Stewart Gardner it is stipulated that if any changes are made to the organization or decor of the museum--which is located in Gardner's former home--all of the curated pieces will be donated to Harvard's collections. They are legally bound to leave the frames empty and where they are. I don't know how a Yahoo! News article overlooked such a fact! My faith is shaken!

The thing is this a very rich person hires them to steal the art work. He has a private place where he keeps them. From time to time he goes look at them. The art work is no where near his home but close enough to go look at it.

the f.b.i. is now taking orders from the insurance companies. j. edgar is rolling over.

I thought Neal Caffrey did it.

The picture was taken in 1990 yet, it's in black and white!

Only Boston...

It's probably Neal Caffrey.

crazy how much art sells for my three year old did an exact replica that sold for 30 mill i swear lol

These pieces are too hot to handle.  Hopefully they'll be found safe in a storage unit somewhere.  Maybe on the next episode of "Storage Wars."

The guy from the Antique Road Show said they were only worth $350 million when I took them in.Statute of limitations on a federal crime? Nice - so if you can hide out for a few years after carrying a major art heist, you are no longer in any trouble and get to reap the rewards of your crime?  Does it work that way for bank robbery too?  Just asking :)

The reward to keep your mouth shut is probably better than that.Not worth dying over either way.Keep your 5mil.cheapskates.If you really wanted your art back you'd come up with 100mil.

Mr. Burns has "The Concert" by Vermeer.

about time...

Art? It’s a bunch of squiggly lines!

Two decades search? What a waste of money, this sequester should get rid of operational spending like this, not taking away tuition assistance from PSTD afflicted veterans.

I swear the title said they know who did it... I just read an article on the heist and they don't know who did it..

The pawn Shop In Las Vegas.

it was the biggest inside job, ask the FBI all about the money

Federal Bureau of Idiots...If they know who did the job and the statute has passed just buy the paintings back.Most everyone will be happy except the buyer and he can get his money back by selling 1 or 2 of the returned paintings.And then definitly upgrade his security.

One of the guards who was tied up during the heist worked at the Gardner Museum with a college friend of mine.  Apparently they duct taped his mouth...including his FULL BEARD.  That poor guy really suffered taking it off.  I hope they recover the art and restore the museum as it used to be, or as close as they can.  I still can't believe that they have a statute of limitations for art thieves.  Awful.  They should pay for their crimes.

Fbi can now move on to investigate if santa clause exists...

So let's tell Yahoo about it so the thief can read about how he (and the art) are being watched.  Yep, brilliant.

This is like...Knowing who F'd your Wife...But, still wanting more than Breaking-up.  lol

whitey b has them

Oh Neal Caffrey, you and your love of art.

Why is the FBI wasting resources recovering art work from 1990? How does this benefit us in any way?

the guys who stole it are probably put  in a hole somewhere after they found a buyer.

Pierre Desperaux?Rembrandt's seascape isn't really a picture of the sea.  It shows a boat full of peoplesurrounded by heavy waves.  The usual Rembrandt lighting creates a dramatic effect.One writer said that no matter what Rembrandt painted, his subject was always the light.

so the FBI knows who pulled off this heist,and according to reports,have known for "quite some time" .so basically,your hard earned tax dollars,which help pay for the FBI to operate,are just a total waste..........barney fife n goober could have figured this one out

It was none other than... *removes mask* Old Man Jenkins!

Rembrant self portrait donated to Britain's National Trust three years agoSaw this story on the internet. I wonder if it's the same one??????

bush has them!!!!

Oh hey honey, well look at that, thats a rembrandt self portrait, ....ive got the feds on speed dial, so we can make sure its not stolen.

Our treasures, some have been pouched by Judges son, another form of diplomatic immunity, a Judges son stole ancient pottery, together with the cops in Flagstaff AZ, they caught the grave pouchier driving away throwing these ancient pottery from his racing jeep, they did not bother him, he was sell these burial pieces for millions, why did they let him off?

Come on Yahoo...No mention that the art works where held for ransom. Gentile wanted the 5mil reward money  and immunity.This is not new news at all. The artworks where even shown to a reporter when the Fbi demanded proof they existed. The Fbi didnt take the deal. Now what.  they shouda taken the deal and the artworks would be back on the walls the most important thing of all.and he insurance companies would have had to eat it.

Ok, listen here agent double i, you already know where it is, but you want that 5 mill, the museun promised, so this is what we do, you use me as a witness and tell me where it is, ill collect 2.5 mill and you too, we both win.

Sorry, I wiped my #$%$ with them.wow...took 'em 81 minutes to steal just 13 pieces?  LOOK FOR OLD PEOPLE...THEY HAVE TO BE REALLY OLD!!  ...well, maybe dead by now...that was exactly 23 years ago!

If I rob a candybar and they know I did it, don't I get arrested??? How come they haven't issued warrants?

"Their focus has shifted from catching the thieves to bringing home the precious artwork, including paintings by Rembrandt, Manet, Degas and Vermeer." yeah there's a reason for them not concentrating on the actual thief, as it would compromise their OWN skeletons in the closet. It's quite obvious they are handling the criminals behind this with kid gloves!

I covered them all with a velvet Elvis.

Art is the most expensive thing known to man...

FBI full blooded idiots

Only took 23 years good job guys

that manet was one hell of a painter

I WOULD LIKE TO GIVE THEM THE $5 MILLION LEAD!. Boy, my family could use some of that. The rest goes to charities that help animals and children - those that are so loving and rely soley on others for their lives.

Here's a tip: If you want the art back post pictures of it instead of showing empty frames. People can only report that they saw it on someone's wall if they know what it looks like.Stealing famous art is just dumb. You have art to display it. I guess the black market money might make it worth it. But even then the guy that buys it on the black market can't display it either. So, you have a long line of people overpaying for an item that they can't show anyone. Who wins? I guess only the very first guy to steal and sell it.

um.  maybe if you posted photos of the missing pieces.

23 years....and the statute of limitations has expired....I'm thinking we can say "They got away with it!"  Someday it will make an interesting movie...or a really funny episode of "Cops"

5 million dollar reward must be offered by the FBI let some little innocent kid whose family is #$%$ poor die on the streets of boston and we will be lucky if anybody even puts up a 500 dollar reward!!!

Sounds like a cover up..Some one in power has them..Give them back Mitt..

right, im going to spend $100 million on a rembrandt, and not bother to google it first to find out ITS STOLEN ART.

IT WAS THE SOUTHIES BOSTON  MOB. LOOK AT WHITTY

If I got my hands on them they would never again see the light of day. They would be for my pleasure alone.

I did it.

Look in China they have all the cash!they dont know #$%$ and they is no statute of limitations on a felony this is bull#$%$

since the statute of limitations is up the thieves should turn themselves in and collect the reward...also in Boston you should assume the FBI and cops were in on it

private collection, bought for 10cents on the dollar and will never surface for generations to come.4gettabotit

So, Whitey Bulger's "insurance" has finally come in handy.

I'm on it!!

$500 million?  For some paintings?  HAHA.

What does the museum care the insurance paid off didn't it.

I have one stuck to my fridge with a hello kitty magnet

$5,000,000.00 reward for what? Recovery of the stolen articles or information on unprosecutable perpetrators?-----PAK

whiteyThe guard was tied up.  Can they charge them with kidnapping?

Call Neil Caffrey!

Obama will probably try and say that the art belongs to the government and he will tax it to get more money to help pay for his wifes wardrobe and lavish vacations.

where's my wallet? which one of you bug f***ers stole my wallet?! keep the money, just give back my library card!

Hanging over Obama's mantle no doubt, along with his giant ego.

$5M reward, after obummers taxes you'll be lucky to see $1M.

For artwork that's valued at 500 million dollars, I don't think a 5 million reward will have anyone talking

Isn't there a statue of limitations?

Romney says he wont settle for less than 10 milion for them back because Ryan likes them !

I bet the crooks were black.   Those thieving boys will steal anything.I was so afraid that the sequester would furlough the invesigators of this crime.

The rich wont tell on the rich short of a grudge.Imagine all of the people that know the paintings on someones wall arent from walmart and surely have the artists signature on them.What fun would it be to brag about your great art collection if you couldnt show the people the artists name ?I wish someone would turn the presumed stolen artwork over to the police so the wealthy convict that has them can get what he deserves.I would promise the money to pay for these paintings came at the expense of others in some fashion and in an illegal fashion.

who would wanna steal these chicken scratch #$%$-stract paintings..

Swiper, no swiping!

I'll trade five Pokemon cards for the stolen artwork.  Call Joe Blow.

some of this digital art is pretty cool put some of that up .. tell you a little secret Picasso sukid

I wonder how much taxpayers have invested in solving this?

It was just a prank, Im sure they will be returned.

did anyone question george cloney and brad bitt. i think oceans eleven did it.

shhhh, don't tell anyone but the art is in Kim Kardashians fat booty.They still have no clue who stole it!

Where is the art? Hanging above whoever stole it's toilet

Hmm, how long has Whitey been in custody now?

Original Master Pieces are handled delicately and even a flash bulb or a snap shot camera can ruin the textured paper and paint of the era in which it was created. My bet is that as  the art is found at an old Thrift Shop. Thieves return out of guilt, faith, and upon their last days they seek redemption of some sort through returning the stolen property. The Government probably ripped them off at some point in time. But there is honor among thieves!!!!!!!!!!!!

$500 mil? Must've been paid union scale for their painting.

3 words, Statutes of limitations so the reason there not saying anything is because they can't charge them with the thief.

haha,the paintings must be in washington.

The FBI needs to be investigating a few of their own.1) Laura laughlin the head of Washington State FBI and a FEW under her.She is dirty, involved in a massive cover up and corruption.She is obstructing justice, interferred with an investigation and through these actions she is denying an innocent woman the most basic human right,The security of her life.Google "Gingers strength rob mckenna" and "Gingers strength christine gregoire" to see the tip of the iceberg.By the way Laura, who is Port Orchard Police Chief Al Townsend to you?

now if they can account for 6 trillion that the federal reserve cannot account for and "lost" according to reports noted by Yahoo, I would say good job.

jewsThey did not know who was involved just like they did not know where whitey bulger was

In other unworthy  news today a 70's era charcoal rendering of Sesame street's Snafflopolus commanded a handsome sum from an Anonymous gay bidder because it reminds him so much of what he loves the most (whatever that is?)

The Gambit

HEY F.B.I, What about the theft of $180-300 BILLION IN GOLD from vaults under the WORL D TRADE CENTERS on 9/11 in TRUCKS equipped with HALLIBURTON gps of the HUNDREDS of MILLIONS of U.S. TAXPAYER DOLLARS from COMPUTERS inside the WTC the MORNING of the INSIDE JOB of 9/11? huh? What about all that MONEY..? Also so far 12 years have passed STILL NO WORD on the $2.3 TRILLION missing from the PENTAGON, or the BUDGET ANALYST office in the PENTAGON hit by the LASER GUIDED CRUISE MISSILES fired from the ISRAELI SUBMARINE...? CFor the ignorant naysayers still in DENIAL about the INSIDE JOB of 9/11, on youtube watch "9/11 SUSPECTS" or 'GERMAN COMPUTER ANALYST 9/11" and the EVIDENCE found on OVER 400 COMPUTER HARD DRIVES of these ILLEGAL TRANFERS....