I am sitting here this morning, cant sleep and reading internet articles when suddently I realize again that I live in a mixed up, crazy, illogical world. #$%$, am I the only person feelin that way?

Bloomberg needs to put the collar on his own police rather than worrying about soda size and cigarettes (legal, not pot).

It's because they live in Bloomberg Country. Remember there isn't a Constitution in New York and Bloomberg uses the Bill of rights in the restroom.

cops do a fine job but i find that a lot of them are a holes and think they are special because they get a bedge. must have been beat up as a kid or something.

The militia should enforce marshal law on the NYPD and SHUT DOWN that TERRORIST GANG!

The police need to be ordered to take the American flag off their uniforms, they want to enforce a type of marshal law with check points, disarming all people and required papers. And they want immunity? This same goal is done in other countries that do not have freedom, we fought wars over these issues. This seems to be the goal of the government officials.

when it happens to you for no reason then let us know if you feel that rights have been violated

" The tactic is legal " ?Really ?Isnt this ILLEGAL search and seizure ??

The NYPD..should make sure they show the guns they do recover from the stop and frisk program...I`m sure its a large number! It also may have saved someones life by taking that gun off the streets!

My father served with a British Thermal Unit in WWIIThis is almost identical to the black Professor in Cambridge Mass. ( Home of Hayes Bickford of course).  who was having trouble opening his own house door and got jacked up. The president invited him and the cop to have a beer at the white house.

Some of the comments here seem to imply that if one black person commits a crime it's OK to search all of us.  People who think that way would not like to be physically repayed for everythigng some other member of their race does but somehow delight in that being the case for black people.  But racism is dead, don't forget that.

Wow, comments from pigs.  This is America not Nazi Germany......

So basically, being black in NYC is a crime. I call that fascism.

It's kind of like DUI checkpoints for pedestrians. The Constitution and civil rights only matter if it disproportionately affects minorities. As long as their violations of the Constitution are racially "fair", or disproportionately affect responsible, law-abiding citizens - particularly white, responsible, law-abiding citizens - it is O-Kay.Random checkpoints and searches are O-Kay, as long as you aren't looking for illegal aliens. Bloomberg's nanny state BeeEss is O-Kay because if violates EVERYBODY'S rights, not just the minorities. (Of course NYC is turning into an all-minority city as the white people flee and minorities reproduce and move in, so maybe THAT will make an argument when that stuff hits the Supreme Court.)You couldn't pay me enough to live in NYC. You COULD pay me enough to work there, if by working there for a year or two I could make enough to live wherever I wanted. I would put in my sentence, and then get the hell out.

If they were to start doing this to white males in areas where there lots of children around, people would change their opinions on this real fast.

I guess the New York Police Department has never heard of the 4th Amendment, and as never heard of obtaining a Warrant before Searching or Seizing people's property, if this is Legal, then Heidi Grossman, Attorney for the City needs to return to Law School and retake the Class on Constitutional law, or better yet she should attend a class taught by Judge Andrew Napolitano for a real lesson in Constitutional law and the Rights of Citizens.

They were stopped because they were black? NO for at least one of them! Helping someone "locked out of their house" looks exactly like breaking and entering!

There will be a time, soon I hope, when America raises up against the tyranny of police corruption.  It's a simple cat and mouse game.  Catch criminals.  Let them go.  Keeps the police employed.  A dangerous game for a free society.

Bull on the race. While good intentioned at helping a locked out neighbor, all the police first see is a possible attempted break-in in progress. they have to investigate. handcuffing for their safety until it is determined that all is good is perfectly fine. What if they just drove by and it was an actual robbery? They would be screaming the police did not stop and investigate because they are black. Keep the race card going and racism will never die. Racism is big business, if it is eliminated, NAACP, Jesse Jackson, Al Sharpton and numerous lawyers specializing in discrimination cases would all be out of a job.Oh, sorry officer, bam,bam......hahahaha - you didn't stop and frisk me, and now you're dead......there are reasons this is done...and BTW, police stop black people in black neihborhoods, white people in white neighborhoods, whites in black neighborhoods, black people in white neighborhoods, whites in latino neighborhoods, latinos in black neighborhoods, asians in asian neighborhoods, and so on and so on and so on......safety first.

More crime happens in black neighborhoods so it only goes to reason more blacks are stopped and talked to.  Rather than crying racism why not take a step back and ask why the crime rate is so out of control in black communities.

Am white an had two black police officers frisk me, should I sue them for this or just forget it every happen in New York City, of all places

It is a no win situation for the police, they get blamed for the crime that is happening in the neighborhood and they get blamed for trying to stop crime before it happens. Come on, I can see what is really needed is to communicate and leave the attitude in the closet, the police need to communicate why they are doing this and the people either accept it or stop complaining when a crime is committed in there neighborhood. People need to start talking to one another....

A black person being frisked in a black neighborhood is racist? LOL well if there is primarily blacks in the neighborhood im going to assume most people that are going to be frisked are gonna be black.

Here we go, play that race card.  I bet there are a few details missing from this story.

can't help but be of two minds about this...

White people get this treatment aswell. I knew they were Black because yahoo and NY love those stories. We need to focus on limiting police powers period.

I knew a cop that patrolled our neiborhood which is mostly black and he would do it just for the hell of it , Because he could .

The name of the game is NUMBERS the only way for commanders to keep track of work by officers is at the end of the month activity report.  just like being paid on commission.   summons    Moving  Parking etc  arrests  Felony etc, Call for service etc aided calls ad good old Stop and Frisk.   In private business if these are low out you go.  in the NYPD if these are low so is for efficiency rating.  its all numbers not color  by the way if your numbers are low when you need a day off for an affair you get like disapproved in the old way What Havenyou done  for me Lately.Well, don't cry to the mayor.  He has more important things on his agenda, like large sodas and cigarettes!  New Yorkers, when are you going to give Bloomberg the heave-ho?

In the state of Bloomberg everyone is a criminal. They're lucky the police didn't shoot them!

How long are black people going to ride this profiling horse? It's not that they're wrong, it's just that we are all sick of hearing about it.

If a coyote is stealing and killing your chickens you dont punish your dog you punish the coyotes. same here. A thug is a thug and most of them are THUGS because THEIR PARENTS TAUGHT THEM THIS. this is the only life they know and they are not going to work when they can STEAL !!!!

Please stop me for no cause and frisk me and you may get your #$%$ shot.,

I can't believe this is happening? Yet another reason not to go to New York. The police act more like vigilantes.

So if you don't want to be targeted as a potential criminal then stay out of crime dominated neighborhoods......it's an easy solution. It's not NYPD fault that 90% of crime happens in black or hispanic lower income neighborhoods. Crime has dropped dramatically in these neighborhoods, so the practice is obviously working.

Here's the problem..we aren't in israel. These jews want to band large sodas; cigs from display and stop &amp; frisk anybody that doesn't look jewish. I thought this was America. Thanks evangelicals...see what you've done?

Police go where the crime is — and crime is overwhelmingly in minority neighborhoods. But untill jessie and rev al can change things it is the TRUTH blacks and hispanics do commit a vast majority of the crimes why are people turning a blind eye to this.

The mayor and police commissioner say stop-and-frisk is a life-saving, crime-stopping tool that has helped drive crime down to record lows. There you have it; and it is a legal procedure.  So why the whining?gee if you are having a problem with dogs biting people, it only follows that you focus on the dogs, (hint TSA), reminds me of the idiot professor at havad who got the anointed one to shill for him after acting badly...

Not about race but conduct. Police thought they were burglars. No harm done.

This is #$%$.  My son is not a criminal and has never broken the law.  While walking home from a friends house he was stopped by the police, cuffed while waiting for four other police cars to arrive, and also searched then released.  Another time, he was arrested for loitering after buying a coffee at a 7elevan half a block from our home while waiting at a bus stop in front of the store to go to work.  No reason for the search was given.  The loitering charge was bogus since he wasn't loitering and the manager of the 7eleven even appeared in court on his behalf.  The judge didn't care.  My son had to do 25 hrs of community service for a bogus loitering charge.  People, if he's black, it's illegal and racist.  However, my son is white.  Kind of blows their theory it's just about race, doesn't it.

helping some one break in to their home, of course its going to look suspicious to cops he was detained until it could be clarified. cops don't what going on at first when they see some one breaking in to house, are they really  locked out are they armed and committing a crime? did yahoo leave out the part that it might be a high crime area, did he or friend comply with the officer request or spout off at the mouth. Race is not an issue here stop trying to make it one

Don't these idiots realize they're violating the 4th amendment.

More protests from blacks!

"The tactic is legal."   Hold on there.  It's only legal if in fact the police *have* a *reasonable* suspicion.  It is not enough for police to lie, either under oath or in filling out an official document, by falsely claiming they had a reasonable suspicion."Suspicious bulge", or "furtive movements" is not some empty phrase that one can utter to a judge like an "open sesame" to magically make the judge issue a blessing of the cops.  What was the reasonable suspicion of the guy walking home?  Did he really have a suspicious bulge?  Did the cops seeing something shaped like a gun in his pants pocket? If so, what was found when the cops emptied his pocket? Did the cops say?Was he moving "furtively"?  If the latter, what was that "furtive movement"?  Did the officers see something that could have been a handgun that the guy hastily stuffed in his waistband under his hoodie as soon as he saw the cops?  I doubt it.  The cops would have had their guns drawn. "Furtive movement" is a move that is made in such a way to try to conceal the move, like moving to hide behind trees as one moves down a street.  Walking per se is not a furtive movement. Neither is "there's been a string of burglaries in the area."Were the cops who stopped this guy put on the stand?  How do their memories hold over the years, and did their stories "evolve" any?

I quickly lose interest in these, "I am black" stories.  These "searching" techniques happen to EVERYBODY!  Last month, the Chicago police pulled me over because I (white male with a PHD and a condo on Lake Michigan) and my car matched the description of a fleeing felon.  My incident didn't make CNN because I am white.  However, if you cry harder black America, the following will be on CNN making your mole hill into a mountain: ACLU, NAACP, BET, Ebony Magazine, JET Magazine, Al Sharpton, Louis Farrakhan, Jesse Jackson,Spike Lee, Kanye West, Steve Harvey, Mo'Nique, CRIPS, Bloods, Vice Lords, Gangster Disciples, Black Mafia Family.

The tactic is legal. Officers are allowed to make stops based on "reasonable suspicion," a less rigorous standard than "probable cause" needed to justify an arrest.But in Az, sheriff arpaios deputies are accused of civil rights violations, imagine that.

When 99% of the population quits committing 99% of the crimes in those neighborhoods, maybe the police will target white people.They find a weapon a small fraction of the time....then that must be the bad guys out looking to kill or rob, or rape or some other criminal act....then what are the good people complaining about? If you did not get arrested then shut up and thank the cop that might of saved your life.

Where is the media circus lawsuit against all these gang bangers making the neighborhood as bad as it is and causing the need for such drastic measures and so many police officers?  Oh wait you can't pull the race card on that one can you?

I'm white and have had that happen to me a couple dozen times. Seems like some people try to use their race against other people.How are people going to stop seeing color if people bring that to the forefront for ever non positive thing that happens to them?From my experience the people who yell racism the loudest are usually the most racist themselves. Someone who isn't racist and don't see color will  get fired and understand that coming in late 3 times a week every week is going to cost them their job. People who do see color and are racist will say that it has nothing to do with coming in late 3 times a week and it was only because of their race.

nyc   has the most trigger happy cops in any state,,,how many people have the out right killed that didnt do anything wrong,,, like that guy that was shot on his wedding day and killed with ooooooh just 41 bullets,,

why is it always about race, every time a black person gets stopped, reprimanded at work it's always "they pick on me because I'm black" get real people if any one of you saw half the stuff on white people, you would know it's not always because you're black

The NYPD is going to fail on this one

I lost interest as soon as you said they were black.

the nypd is doing a great job

They are nothing but hoods themselves

The police do NOT care about you.African-American medical student stopped ,frisked,humiliated,scared,in America,just because he is black. Someone I know was standing outside his running minivan smoking,while waiting on his wife. One NYPD officer walked up on him,frisked him,while 2 other officers officers from across the street thought they heard him say something. They handcuffed him and took him to the precinct and left his van running. They let him go with no charges meanwhile his van,with all of his childrens Christmas presents,was stolen. All because he was black. Repeat this treatment 800,000 times.American free citizens detained,frisked,acosted ,embarrassed ,humiliated in front of friends and family  only because of race. By the law.

So these people are stopped and frisked. I was arrested in NYC in 2004 protesting at the convention and was thrown in jail for 19 hours, my lawsuit is still languishing, they get frisked and get their trial I (and many others) get thrown in jail and STILL no trial, what's up with that?

My father fought  #$%$ in WW2

This is a no brainer:  blacks proportionately commit more crimes than any other race. Because of this, black areas require more police presence. This is not the fault of the police, but the residents of the areas. Stop ignoring laws, improve those statistics, and maybe you could walk down the street without being profiled. Racial profiling is a crime prevention technique that makes sense. I’m a firm believer that if you aren’t doing anything illegal, it shouldn’t bother you. This is a proactive approach to crime that works.

way to nypd  they looked guilty. in my day ,i would have done the same.

Sometimes it is for the safety of officers and people in the neighborhood.  I once had two pistols pointed at me, ordered to the curb, questioned, and temporarily handcuffed and forced to sit on the curb for about 15 minutes while my story was checked out.  It seems (I discovered later) that a man very closely resembling me had just committed an aggravated assault / robbery of an elderly woman and was considered armed and dangerous.  I happened to be in the exact same neighborhood leavin from visiting a friend not long after the crime had been committed (bad timing).  They contacted my friend who verified my identity and when I was there and I was released.  It was scary for a bit because I thought I may be accidentally shot for something I did not do.  I made no unusual moves, raised my arms, walked backward, etc... did what I was ordered to do.  Good news is they caught the guy three streets away not long after my release.

It is probably not the police, their doing their job as ordered too.  Just another one of NY Dictator Bloomberg directives.

Wasn't there a NYC police officer that bought a homeless man some warm boots last winter?   Good cops are few and far between, unfortunately.

Police officers have relatively boring jobs, sitting around the dispatch room or patrolling in a gas-guzzling Crown Vic, waiting for something to happen.  Most are unfamiliar (by choice) with the Bill of Rights, the 4th and 14th Amendments to the Constitution, etc.

Seems to me that the police are earning their money, and if you are a law abiding person you don't have anything to worry about.  Sorry to hear that they think that they are being profiled because of race but as the article states minority neighborhoods are overwhelmed with crime.  Clean up your neighborhoods and you won't have that problem.  I for one would not mind being stopped by a police officer.  Teach your children that police, fire, security, medical and educational personnel are good and they should have no fear of them.get over it. I was handcuffed, publicly humiliated and threatened with an a s s kicking by some old bad a s s cop just b/c I looked like someone he was looking for. Im white! And was in an upper middle class town at the time. To think this only happens to blacks in poor areas is ludicris! No race issue here.

It's a good thing they stopped mostly blacks and hispanics.  That will give me a free pass when I go by :)  I'm all for it so long as they don't bother me.

Yo Slavery ended ova 150 years ago. Youz won blame Obama - so you blame da whites fo' all yo' problems git off dat cracker #$%$. Stop doin da crime an' you wont be targeted , wOrd!

They might as well cut the #$%$ and stop with the "reasonable suspicion" and call it like it is, "because we felt like it."  Last time I ran into it personally and got everything in my car pulled out and torn up I had neglected to hold the door open for a cop after his partner literally slammed it into my face at a 7-11.  Interestingly enough, my roommate at the time thought it was pretty funny right up until something similar happened to him.  Odd how peoples opinions change when it starts to affect their lives.

Do /\/iggers ever do anything but whine? I mean other than rob, rape, steal, riot, loot, and murder?

conduct this habits more in schools so that killing innocent ppl will decrease.

video or this never happened lol

This practive is a violation of our right to be free from unreasonable search. Being twitchy is not illegal and is not an indicator of illegal activity thus can not be construed as reason for a search. You can be stoped and questioned but they can't touch you. When they question you your only response should be: "Am I being arrested? Am I free to go?"

THEY WERE PROBABLY UP TO NO GOOD

Blacks commit better than 75% of the crimes in NYC, but deny 100% that they didn't commit any crime.  Blacks cannot except responsible for any of their actions, this is why Blacks aren't to be trusted 100% of the time!At first it is illegal to stop because of skin color except in the Russia.  China is strict for stops and if they do stop someone and the person is just walking, not running or being abusive, they are to ask them to stop and allowed to search, no throwing against the car and slammed into the car because of your skin color.  You resist, then they are allowed to do so.  Now, lets talk about the USA with all of the peoples freedoms.  Oh, I guess we can do the same as in Russia.  I say if they they were committing a crime, then do so.  If not, then this is wrong.  I do wonder if the Mayor, City Manager or lawyers have been thrown against the car and placed in the back of a police car.  After all, high crime areas?  Do politicians not commit any crimes against the people?  Just my opinion, or am I allowed to have one?

So here's how I see it.   10% of the time the police officer is correct in their "reasonable suspicion" that they are dealing with an armed criminal.  If my car only started 9 out of 10 times I would "believe there was a problem" and pursue the matter.  Law Enforcement Officers using Terry vs Ohio to stop and frisk a citizen are themselves citizens and have the right to Liberty, Pursuit of Happiness and what's that other one?   Oh yea,  Life.

it's all about forming a police state where you have no rights or recourse...I wonder when and if people will ever say . . enough is enough