pretty good,,,we borrow money from china to give to packistan and packistan uses the money to buy arms from china.Our country is messed up.

Our good friend Pakistan just signed a deal with Iran to build an oil  pipeline  to their country to get around UN sanctions..........as obama tells us the  sanctions are working and they will cry uncle if given more time.

they got class...whitewall tires on those cannons

There is a lot of money to be made in selling weapons, not so much in selling peace treaties.

Pakistan takes our money and buys Chinese Arms including combat aircraft, submarines and frigates.  Say What?

You gotta love the "Gangster White Walls" on the tires,,

Lets see, we borrow money from China to send to our other enemies so they can buy weapons from China to use against us in any future conflict. Real Smart, Yesireee.

So I can buy a Chinese tank at Walmart?

goes to show how Greedy and stupid our folks in DC are. THey GIVE billions to Packistan and they in turn buy arms from China....we are a joke.

It will be interesting to see how many Chinese fire arms show up in American black markets.

China is well on its way to become World dominant financially, and under our watch, they might become the Worlds strongest military power. They have superior finances, the raw material access, and the manufacturing base lost by the US. In addition they also have the nationalistic drive that we in the US seem to have lost.......I cant really dispute that. China does make some very good weapons! I have a Chinese AK47 that was a high school graduation gift to me in 1987. I have put thousands of rounds throgh it over the years, and its still going strong. In fact, it has outlasted 2 marriages!! Lol!!

Maybe a good idea would be to ship our middle class jobs over there. Oh my mistake our politicans have already done that.

Reuters=Rothchilds = Ashkenazi bankers  . And the Rothchild love war as noted at ww1 and waterloo. Playing both side = major banker blood money.

The big businesses pay big dollars to pay lobbists so their companies don't have to pay taxes. It is not a far stretch to imagine these weapons companies creating chaos to start wars. The great old capitalist system at work.

ahhhh the Chinese AK-47

Special price, buy one take 5, can pay in lay away. If not happy we give discount next purchase. Everything comes with sack of rice.

china is the new russia.  we here in Amerika always need a new bad guy to be afraid of.  muslims aren't enough anymore to justify our bloated defense budget, which is bigger than the next 16 nations.....COMBINED (including china)

we need to take a hard look at our messed up foreign policies. We give billions to Pakistan, and they use that money to buy arms from China. Why should American tax dollars be used to beef up another country's military is beyond any light of comprehension.

Maybe China is no happier about having wacko countries like Iran making nukes than we are.  We arm our allies, why is China evil when they do the same?

Brings a whole new meaning to "made in china"I wouldn't be worried. If its made in China, its a POS.

And America is number 1 in sales. For the love of God, we're at war with people that we were selling arms to 10 years ago, and that isn't the first time...Iran, Iraq, Kosovo,Afghanastan...The list goes on and on.

This country had better watch China. It will be the most power full country in the world in 20 years thanks to corporate America selling us out.

Let's see - we give Pakistan BILLIONS of dollars in aid. Pakistan buys 58% of it's weapons from China. Gee. sounds like a wonderful way to funnel money to China, build China's economy, and help Pakistan load up on arms in the process. Almost sounds like a modern day Iran-Contra shuffle.

Lamont Wu iz gonna get one of dem anti aircraft batteries wit' da whitewalls lowered. Get some hydraulics and a supafly purple paint job. Pick up all da fly honies in Monterey Park.

We gave them the knowledge, made it possible financially. Many saw this begin as far back as the 70's, escalate in the 80's and become a threat in the 90's. We have allowed this to happen.

Did they pass a background test?

Reuters Propaganda Post has their sales and shipping list of who receives their arms,

And the US ATF is still number one with "Fast and Furious?" Just curious...

“The most foolish mistake we could possibly make would be to allow the subject races to possess arms. History shows that all conquerors who have allowed their subject races to carry arms have prepared their own downfall by so doing. Indeed, I would go so far as to say that the supply of arms to the underdogs is a sine qua non for the overthrow of any sovereignty. So let's not have any native militia or native police. German troops alone will bear the sole responsibility for the maintenance of law and order throughout the occupied Russian territories, and a system of military strong-points must be evolved to cover the entire occupied country." -- Adolf Hitler (Hitler's Table Talk 1941-44: His Private Conversations, Second Edition 1973, Pg. 425-426)Nothing new here..the Chinese, British, French, Americans &amp; Russians are the cause of much pain &amp; agony in this world with their empires &amp; proxy wars.

They didnt order spinning rims to go along wit those white-wall tires???

China is moving quickly to be in the top 3 in the world, our country is selling all kinds of weapons to Muslim countries in the middle east beside the Jewish state Israel, so long there are major tentions and conflicts, we have to sell to keep our clients happy and to remain in the first place and strongest power.

I'm imagining some Pakistani experiencing disgust at finding melamine or some cheap krap-metal in his AK and cursing Chinese quality standards.

If China makes weapons like they make all other products we have nothing to fear.

That's great, but it still doesn't explain to me why it always smells like pee when I walk past the kitchen at Chuck E. Cheese's to get a sprite refill.

meanwhile, the world is starving...

Pakistan is using the money we give them to buy weapons from China...  Priceless

Quit wasting money appeasing 'allies' who stab you in the back.

Maybe we can get Gabby Gifford to go over there and protest.China's Texas Walmart deal pushed them into the top 5.

I hope they wok better than my  Chinese television

But then yet again.... who would trust a war machine that is built in China?

Gun Control: Just Say No

8.5%  percent of Chinese arms exports can be found @ many Wallmart Supercenters!

Good point on the whitewalls..hey were over here!!

this is most ridiculous article, Burma can do anything the balance power with China laughable, a country of 48 million ridiculously backwards. Whoever wrote this article should not stop smoking their marijuana to wright this ridiculous article

The Chinese Norinco Armory and Ammunitions Factory is considered only #2 to Russia's Stalingrad Armory Factory, which both manufacture very reliable Military grade weapons!... People were laughing to think that China couldn't produce what Russia does... Well, they can!... I saw Marines once, dip a M16 and then a AK47 into the same mud hole... Then they tried to fire them after shaking the caked on debris from them... They couldn't get the M16 to action and load to shoot... The AK, emptied all 40 rounds with mud and all...

#1 Provider of weapons in the world: United States by a large margin

Why is this a good thing to export weapons?Disgusting.  Reminds me of Mahatma Gandhi who was asked in an interview what he thought about Western Civilization.  He paused, then said, " I think it would be a good idea".

What the article doesn't say it that Germany and France are #'s 3 and 4, all the while they complain about American's involvement around the world.

Hey the USA arms the Drug cartels did they offer NRA membership to them --The Right TO BEAR Arms NRA MOTTO.

Those afraid of world destruction usually have children.

Alex, what is "Military-Industrial Complex"?

China had a military ban on Western arms since Tiananmen Sq.  What did they do, flipped the middle finger to the West and now built all they need for their arm forces.  Iran has done the same, this goes to show you where there's a will, there's a way.  Sanctions don't  always work.  Industrialized powers don't have any rights over smaller/defenseless countries.

War is a business.  Nothing matters in life except profits, you know.

and yet our government doesn't want to sell arms to their own people. What an F'd up country.

If China makes guns like they do cheap TV’s….

"experts say some Chinese-made equipment is now comparable to Russian..."I don't know about that...when I shop for my AK-47 I want it to be Russian Izhmash.China is a player.  China has been around a lot longer than the US, and is now growing into the modern age.  Right now China makes junk, bad tires, lead painted products, products that fall apart, doesn't fit, and is just plain junk.  Japan was like that after WWII.  China wants a 1,000 ship navy to project power around the planet, and they will achieve it, in time.  They owe Americans a lot for this windfall.  China has our jobs, and is holding 1.16 billion in debt the US owes.  Also China is making millions off sales of war weapons.  So it's not North Korea to be concerned about, it's China.

Weapons are about the only product that the U.S. actually makes and exports these days.

we are not prejudice when it comes to selling weapons, the government even sold them to Mexican drug cartels to use on our own people

I wonder how India is feeling right about now with the US giving money to Pakistan to buy weapons from China. Well maybe India can find farming land to the South, East or West. lol

And a lot of that money? From the U.S.

Overcoming the political resistance to cuts requires an approach to security that does not depend on military power to deal with instability or regional dictators. It was , after all, the peoples of East-Central Europe, not Western military might,  that in the end toppled the Communist regimes and brought about the withdrawal of Soviet military forces. The sources of instability and the conditions that produce dictatorships are often internal. The exclusion of a large part of society from the material gains of development or from access to political institutions is likely to provoke violence and repression. Although the repression is generally the responsibility of the police, domestic authoritarianism is often associated with increased militarization. The military may be a powerful political actor ; it may constitute a symbol of legitimacy, and exaggerated fears about external threats may be used to foster domestic cohesion.

The numbers are very deceiving though. Russia, Poland, Bulgaria, China - they are exporting loads of AK-47s, RPG-7s and ammunition for same. These are weapons that are often used in todays non-state conflicts. Meanwhile, the export of one C-130 transport costs a fortune - giving the impression that the US is the leading arms exporter. If you use money as your barometer, yes. If you use small arms - not even close.

Past efforts at multilateral control of the arms trade have been unsuccessful. Even the modest proposal for an arms trade register, on the table since the days of the League of Nations, has never been close to implementation. Talk of an arms control regime will also never successfully carry out.Perhaps the main impediment to multilateral arms control is the perception by developing countries that such control would merely preserve a monopoly of power by keeping military technology out of the hands of the powerless. A multilateral agreement is difficult to imagine without reductions in Western levels of arms acquisition and changes in the character of those arms or a change in the perception of developing countries that the West offers the definitive model of military and political power.In contrast to multilateral efforts, however, unilateral restraints on arms trade have been relatively successful. Some suppliers - Sweden, Germany, and Japan among them - refuse to sell arms to countries in conflict or to countries with repressive regimes ; although these rules are sometimes broken, their existence constitutes a restraint. On the side of the recipients, economic constraints have reduced purchases of arms during the 1980s. Because of the pressure to export and to import, restraining arms trade would seem to depend on restraining both buyers and sellers in the context of overall restraint on levels of procurement and production.

Reductions in military spending are often associated with an increase in both geopolitical and economic pressure to export arms. The geopolitical pressure stems from the fact that the United States may compensate for any reduction in its global role by supporting what might be described as regional surrogates, as it did in the 1970s after the Viet Nam War. The sale of American and European arms to Arab partners in the Gulf war is an example of this kind of geopolitical pressure.Economic pressure stems from the fact that reductions in military spending are likely to increase surplus capacity among arms manufacturers, a problem that already can be observed in the United States, Europe, and China as well as in developing countries that are significant arms producers.

We Americans, some of us but not me, make money out of selling arms to other people who will someday use them against us. But who cares, it's all about who makes the most money today.We Americans, some of us but not me, make money out of selling arms to other people who will someday use them against us. But who cares, it's all about who makes the most money today.

China doesn't do a damn thing for free....So what Are they getting from Pakistan in return?  lots of kinds of war,,,,this financal one is the one that will take the States under☺

We are helping China become more competitive in our formerly dominated markets. We are so nice. Borrow from China to attack Iran FOR Israel, sure, why not. Double-down on the dumb.

The Chinese have the numbers.

when british had too much debts...usa rise to power....now usa has too much debts...china will rise....

China is second large economy so what is a big deal as fifth largest arm supplier?  Plus, US and Russia make 30% arm sales.  Why the media doesn't tell people about the percentage of arm sales by Chinese?  I am sure if small.  American media loves to exaggerate China's military power to find the excuses for America to build more powerful arm and to get more market share in arm sales.

We give Pakistan to supposedly 'cooperate' with us in the war on terror (right), and they go ahead and spend the money on weapons from China while we are spending and taxing our middle class and seniors out of existance.

The Chinese have to learn about style...they put some 32" spinners and some hydraulics on those artillery pieces and their sales will double in some countries!!

And we wonder what is wrong with the world.

Do all the weapons come with I-Phones?I wonder how many tens of thousands of fully automatic M16 assault rifles our government has our arms makers produce for sale to non-Americans every year; yet it isn't legal for an American to own one.

With a USA defense budget that includes Israel's foreign aid. USA will always be numero uno in waste.  Both human and fiat dollar. Thank Fascist Feinstein and Cantor.

This is the reason for Obama to stir all kinds of trouble in the middle east, staying in first place is very important to our economy, selling Muslim countries all their weapons to kill each other just like what's happening in Syria, the sadist part is we're sending weapons and selling to Saudi and Qatar to ship to the rebels/terrorists to kill more innocent people and to make Al-Qaeda stronger than ever to turn these weapons against us all over the globe, on the other hand, Russia is second and the main weapons supplier to Assad's regime, WITHOUT THE MIDDLE EAST, ALL WEAPONS MAKERS AND SUPPLIERS WILL NOT FIND ANY CLIENTS TO SELL WEAPONS TO, """SO LETS KEEP THE KILLING GOING TO PLEASE WEAPONS MAKERS""", SHAMELESS AND HEARTLESS COUNTRIES THAT ""LIVE"" OFF OF ""KILLING"".

Jus great.....dont we already have enough stuff that says Made In China on it??

China stuff probably good, but you just don't know it, because they only send their junk to the rest of the world.

"It seemed they simply want to make everyone feel threatened by China." - Well they should be. China is the one giving lunatics like Khameini and Kim Jong Un missile capability. At some point China will have sold them enough missiles and technology to back up their threats.

Well that is why our Pentagon needs all those extra funds every year.  Have to stay number one. Interesting we help perpetuate wars while Congress debates controlling arms with their citizens.  Guess that is the way the"military-industrial complex" operates.

I'm still amazed that I haven't yet been outside one day and watched the mushroom clouds blossoming over the city near me. We are no better at living peacefully than the previous centuries upon centuries of fools who killed each other wholesale.

Surplus Death

Humans are Hell bent on destruction.And we give aid to Pakistan? Priceless!

The biggest shame is countries (SAUDI ARABIA AND QATAR) are promoting the killing of innocent people by buying weapons to ship to their highly paid terrorists/Al-Qaeda in Syria, these two countries vowed to oust Assad at any cost, enforce the Sharia laws and appoint a Wahhabi dictator to kill all non Sunni left.

I just read an article earlier in yahoo about how house dems. are pushing for the white house to arm and train syrian rebels, dunno about the rest of you' but to me when I see people who claim to stand on the side of peace and the "people" of America calling for giving weapons to a bunch of unstable mobs is NOT my idea of good foriegn policy. In fact I think if an honnest pole was taken tomar. wether people in America agree to these kinds of deals, I would bet that both conservatives and libs would be against them. Why as Americans are we still putting up with this kind of trash ? And just remember this, the money they use is our tax dollars that could be used to help our own nation ! Its just another example of how out of touch our powers that be really are with its own people.

All this, and meanwhile, the Obama Junta wants to gut our military...

India has to be a little nervous about China building military ties to all the countries it is bordering.

You would think all those foreign companies would be falling all over themselves producing guns and ammo right now for the US. Easy way to make a fortune. This is probably the one time that buying a product made in China wouldn't be given a second thought. And for once we will want a high lead content in the products, well at least at one end.

Nothing but greed.All over this world. Greed is the goal and the King!We're going to destroy ourselves one way or the other.Its very sad.

"China does not release figures for its arms sales."Where is the info coming from then?The US is making them, giving them our jobs and helping them to eventually destroy us.Kinda makes you wonder don't it?The selling out of America.

You would think that with all the guns being made the price would drop a little.

Let's not ignore Uncle Sam quietly selling high-tech weapons to both Pakistan and India while at the same time loudly insisting the two countries step down their arms acquisitions.  Too subtle for you?  Then maybe our government (both parties) can explain why we happily sell arms to 18 of 25 countries recognized by our own State Dept. as being anti-American pro-terrorists, and/or known human rights violators.  In the interest of making money, let's pretend Turkey isn't committing genocide on its Kurdish population, let's ignore Syria's support of terrorists, let's turn a blind eye to Bahrain's killing of protesters, etc etc etcIke had it right ! ! ! !

Remember when Nixon first went to China??? So many of us looked across the Pacific drooling with greed.... "Open markets" "Free trade"....The mentality was "man if we just sold a tooth brush to all of them we would be rich... there is so many of them" xD little did we know that they would be the ones selling to us everything..... o the irony is not lost on me....I guess there is a plus side...300 million people have been raised out of poverty in China and they have been so kind to lent us money to pay for the massive tax cuts that have been in place for the last 30 years and to fund special interest wars ... isn't life grand?

War is a Racket.

they left out argentina, who sends ak47s to the USA all olf the time, but you better buy a russian ak47 it is better made

China makes some great AK47 rifles.

Is there ever any good news these days?

And yet, a CRS report to Congress says that from 2004 to 2011, the U.S. did 44% of the sales, with second place Russia at 17%.  I'm thinking those numbers are more accurate and we have no business acting high and mighty if we furnish that stuff to nation leaders who keep their citizens under their thumbs, while our companies do business with them and clear out their natural resources.  Our land mines are what we should be most ashamed of when it comes to arms sales.Cue righties to give this a thumbs down as being an attack on our God-given, do-good-for-the world government.....yet bleat in their next breath that our government is taking over, blaming it on a socialist, marxist, muslim, black theology-influenced president............completely forgetting how much he's kept in place, or even added to, that allow big business/banks to operate as they have for decades - unchecked and un-regulated while they set us up for "too big to fail" again.  Yeah.  Some socialist.........sheesh.

China uses Monosodium glutamate(MSG) in the gunpowder and lead in the bullets

All that busy beaver weapon export is just 5% globally?  This world will explode itself into another Big Bang.

Where does Pakistan get the money to buy all these arms? the good ol USA giving them billions in extortion hush money to behave which they don't abide by regardless what we say.I love the white sidewalls on the artillery pieces. Wonder if I can get one chopped and lowered? Dual exhaust? Air conditioned, AM/FM. Looks like Mel Brooks designed these.

And of course Satan is the one winning all these battles but will eventually lose the war..

It's a mad world!

Here in China, very little is known about the arms sales, and to whom. But by most sources, the arms are not current technology, but almost WWII standards. On a Tv channel they do discuss the military a lot, and show many sides of US military, so China knows a lot about the USA. I have even seen 1 or 2 Literorial ships in the China Navy, which resemble those in the US Navy.

Maybe Feinstein can ban Chinese weapons.

Cannon outfitted with whitewalls?  Spiffy!

Unfortunately there isn't much of God ! in any Governments running this world But there is a lot of evil i suspect by the looks, of the world situation! Since it says a generation will not pass after Israel becomes a nation!!! Since that happened for the first time ever in 1948, with the governments pushing the NWO!! We know that will be the one world government which the Anti Christ takes control of, I would suspect people would see this for what it really is! Times Up!!!!! Best get your life turned around!!! quickly!!

Wait----What?

best friend of obama the ceo of general electric will help china make airplane to compete with our boeing.

China realize that the reason they are the second largest economy because the Americans allows then to beDamn , and I can't even find any .223 ammo .

"35 years ago Toyota was one worst low quality car in the world. Look at where they are right now. Kia is awfull too, but they are catching up. So is China's military hardware. Only a fool will ignore that your competitor will catch up".-Master of Disaster-

Where does America stand in this Arms Exporting business ?But we have to ban "Assault Weapons" inside the US !I think Obama wants to confiscate all firearms BEFORE he confiscates 401k's, IRA's and then Savings accounts.That way no one can fight back.Prediction: Before Obama's term is up he will try for a take over of the USA with an Executive Order cancelling the Elections.  The Media will Cheer !

Artillery is a very obsolete technology.It is easy to take out with drones

Eric Holder just gives them away for free to the drug cartels, so he didn't make the list this year.

Someone needs to tell China, white wall tires are out of style.

China becomes world's fifth largest arms exporter ?? Well Then Pray tell.. who is the biggest exporter of the head and feet and leg's then?

Lets be honest here people, war equals big profits. take Syria for example, yes the Russian have supplied the government with a modest amount old but ok weapons. The U.S along with NATO have supplied the rebels with weapons to counter the SAA but they have also purchased Cheap Chinese weapons and smuggled them into Syria for the rebels.

More arms is better, every country should be able to protect itself

Pakistan doesn't even have the decency to buy American weapons with the money we give them? Sheeesh.I wonder if they are stamped made in China.

Put some baby moons on those cannons and I'd buy one

were living in the dark ages again

its ok for us to fight government with single shot weapons and its ok for them to use drones on us. #$%$ people!

White-Wall tires on a Howitzer.  Hillarious.

Pakistan, which protected Osama Bin Laden, accounted for 55 percent of Chinese arms exports. They bought those arms with money the United States gave them for foreign aid. The United States is a fool for trying to buy influence. We should stop giving foreign aid to any country and take care of our own.

Thus... America needs to maintain, a strong military(the strongest)... We don't need, to down size, right when our future and potential enemies are growing theirs militaries!!!

Wish this story surprised me but it doesn't

Suck it up Americans we paid for Pakistans weapons purchases from China. 2.2 Billion dollars worth per year the last 11 years.

Laugh but the Chinese have their own AirCrafr Carrier. Liaoning (16), is the first aircraft carrier commissioned into the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN).[Where does the US export it's arms?   Pakistan, Afghanistan, Iran??

billions of US aid to Pakistan..and they spend "our" money with china? obama is sooo smart..when obamacare kicks in..the government will control 1/6 to the economy..that will make us a "socialistic" country..none of which have been successful..russia, china, cuba, argentina, n korea, all are going capitalistic..except for france..which can't make up it's mind..it goes from bad to worse..to worse..move to a red state (more and more boomers are) leave the socialistic democrats to destroy each other.

Does that QBZ-95 bullpup the chankoro is holding in the picture have two barrels?! Heck, a friend of mine swung a deal for a beat up twelve gauge for $15 bucks at a gun show that looks like it's falling apart....I'd still feel safer shooting the shotgun.

all of these weapons beig sold how can we have world peace?

And we wonder why we can't have peace in the world!....The nations that dominate the United Nations, the world's peacekeeping body, are also the world's biggest arms dealers...Doesn't a conflict of interests exist somewhere in that scenario?

Not only are united states citizens naive, they are also dumb down and soft, because they assume freedom is guaranteed to them always.

Lots of Americans think we should not give so much aid to other nations.  In some years, if you subtract military aid from the total aid we give, Japan gives more aid than we do.  We got all over Japan for not contributing military help to the coalition we formed in the Middle East in the first Iraq War.  Then the Japanese let us know that it was illegal for them to do that because their constitution forbade it, and General MacArthur had demanded that that be in their constitution.  Perhaps it should be in all constitutions. If so, any military action outside your boundaries would be illegal, and the more you think about it, the more that seems the way it should be.  All aggression is probably wrong.  Self-defense is OK.  Pre-emptive strikes are wrong. If a nation, say North Korea, attacks the United States, then in self-defense, we would have the right to illiminate North Korea from the world.  North Korea needs to understand that, for their own good. Sort of like the kid in the forest yelling for Wolf chilli, and everybody thought he was yelling, "Wolf!"      Ol Hank

See?  The US is still number 1 in SOMETHING !!  LOL

Why wouldn't they, U.S. and Brittain supports their lavish life styles,supports it's military by banking with them while they steal our technology

world peace will never be reached in an economic world. you cant love GOD and money.They can do whatever they want. They are not fighting any wars and are flush with money just like Russia is !

We paid for most of those sales with Foreign Economic Aid.

Back during WWI &amp; WWII, US manufacturers like Singer Sewing Machine Co.stopped production to make war supplies for US and allied troops. WE DON'T MANUFACTURE ANYMORE. Does that seem terribly dangerous and onerous to anyone?

you have to love whitewalls...pimp my cannon.....

If only, this  technology would go towards making a peaceful world, ?WHAT A WONDERFUL WORLD IT WOULD BE, LOUIE ARMSTRONG

the only thing surprising is that they are not higher on the list

I just looked it up to be sure but the US is and has been number one on that list for at least the last ten years.  Just ironic considering how they are trying to take their citizens guns.

To China's credit, they did invent the gun.

CHINA is the No. 1 WORLD POWER....PERIOD

We built China and now they own 40% of THIS country and have all the manufacturing and jobs. Next they'll be repossessing the printing presses from the fed.In Connecticut, 6% of our economy depends on arms production. If Congress wants to cut the Pentagon's budget, we can always sell to Syria, either side. We don't just manufacture guns, we make the world's nastiest helicopters and fighter jets. Nuclear subs for sale, keep your enemy guessing. We have some software the Pentagon can't pay for. Have someones who's infrastructure you want to wreck? Terrorists get a 5% discount. 100% union made.

Made in China...Good luck!

Yikes! Who are the customers.....  What happened to selling sustainability?

Russia and China are top suppliers... and Obama is the top user of weapons

Well they know where the big rip off is made.

no different than the US buying oil from the Middle East...thereby financing terrorist attacks against us.

So we give Pakistan nearly 2 billion a year and they turn around and use it to buy weapons from China? No wonder America is collapsing.

Does it strike anybody as odd that they'd put whitewall tires on their artillery?

Great, Pakistan takes the aid money the U.S. hands out, by the billions, and uses it to buy Chinese weapons.  On the upside, since the Muslim world is a ticking bomb it's good to know we'll be going up against cheap knock offs of real weapons.

China is also selling complete AK-47 plants to small nations in Africa as well as South America.I'll bet this don't show up as weapons sales either....Nothing like a communist nation using capitalist tactics to make money.  Still, the Chinese should stick with what they know best....dry cleaning.

The tires will give your position away every time!!!

So we provide billions of dollars in aide to Pakistan so they can buy weapons from China.  And where does the U.S. get its money from?  Answer- Loans from China.  So we're paying interest on loans with money we borrowed from people who hate us. Then we give that same money to arm another group of people who also hate our guts.  And what are the odds that some of those weapons are crossing the border into Afghanistan to kill our troops?

"China has become the world's fifth-largest arms exporter" LAUGHABLE considering they ban their own citizens from having weapons. WOW..If they would allow their people to bear arms the majority of the Country wouldn't be living on a bag of rice and beans provided by the Government every month or have to work for slave wages.

Chinese weapons can't be 'That Good'; Ever buy something @ Wally World ( Wal-Mart )? Cheap #$%$ everywhere!

ok, now I know why we have all these wars in this world...

Just one thing you can't have more the 100% of the whole number.   Stop making up numbers that can't be.

YAHOO! keeps telling us about China becoming world's worst polluter, 5th largest weapons exporter, never about all the largest banks on the globe being in China, having just surpassed the US in electricity consumption, producig half of the world's steel and more cars than the US and Japan combined.

here in America the good guys buy the arms the bad guys steal the arms and the government is the biggest thief, soon only the bad guys will have arms!

China makes an abundance of everything. Billions of people need to work so they do. So now that they are making everything including rain, what's next?China makes an abundance of everything. Billions of people need to work so they do. So now that they are making everything including rain, what's next?

anyone want to guess where NK got their Nuke rockets from , can we take a guess????? Or how about Iran?  China replaces Britain in world's top five arms exporters..

Obama's gonna take their guns too.

the picture of guns Those look more like howitzers not anti-aircraft guns. But those sporty white wall tires are to die for

Why America gives money to Pakistan to buy arms from China?

We send them our scrap metal since our EPA has destroyed our Steel Industrial might. Our government is behind all this debatchery,but why? So we need them more.

We all know that GE funded terroist and funded Obama;s campaign

Germany supposed to be demilitarized after WW2. It is incredible that the Germans are allowed to manufacture arms of death and destruction again.

Hey look the U S government says it wants to take small automatic weapons from U S citizens but sells warplanes and weapons to terrorist nations?

To even have to keep track of things like this... kinda a sad statement about human nature...I wonder what old Colonel Brass Polisher is doing these days besides kissing #$%$.

When the tally the numbers for China, are they counting all the poisoned food products and lead/arsenic/mercury toys that they sold all over the world that cause harm to people all over, including China?

Notice this list is 'exporters', not manufacturers. Those are (and have been) the U.S., Russia, China, France and Brittain. Ironically, these are also the 5 members of the U.N. Security Council. Much like asking a hungry tiger to babysit for you, at least you won't have to worry about intruders...

We give Billions in aid to Pakistan and in turn they buy huge shipments of Arms from China, God what a country we live in.

between the top 6 the  third world has enough weapons to help destroy eachother. then the top 5 can destroy theirselves

Maybe Bloomberg, Cuomo, Schumer, McCarthy and Gillibrand can pop over to China and try to run that "gun trafficking" legislation by the Reds.Big Joe Biden will be glad to help out.

Death peddlers.

China is kicking our Governments butt on everything.

The link said "World's largest arms exporters".I thought this was going to be about the GOP.

Wolverines!Norinco Arms manufacture damn good weapons.

yeah, pretty sure all of our tanks and planes will have "made in china" stamped on em like everything else.

Obama gave guns to mexico  fast and furious  , obama the worst president in history

Ross Perot almost sounds like a prophet in hindsight.

Expect Growth in this area.

I guess the US military will eventually have to use weapons made in China, since Fiendstein and her Flying Monkeys  are trying to put  all US gun makers out of business.

China makes best dummy weapons, all type of regular and Hi-tech dummy weapons :Dlike Sun Zi said: "when your enemy sees you holding a gun, don't tell him it's a fake." :D

what does #$%$ morgan have to say about this ?

Quality is still an issue for most of China's manufacturing sector but it is improving.

We are going in the  wrong direction. The world is arming itself more and more instead of disarming itself and moving toward peace.We are going in the  wrong direction. The world is arming itself more and more instead of disarming itself and moving toward peace.

Copying Russian arms and learning U.S. manufacturing structure has giving China the push they need to become the threat that they are today. U.S. greed is killing us!

Might want to give some thought to the comments posted by Frank and Dan.

Every one of these so called peace loving countries keep making weapons so the wars can continue.LOL

WOW china is making money and friends with weapons.Not news to those who watch the happenings out there.

Now hold on here...obummer is exporting guns to the Mexican cartel...doens't that count?

If a country can't design and produce its own weapons it should not have any.Its like giving a baboon a handgun and showing it how to pull the trigger.

Which place is the US in and who is number one?

There will always be war and murders not because of weapons, but because there seems to be an inexhaustible supply of aholes walkin' among us........

Guess who the number one seller of weapons to kill people world wide is. Guess who or what is the biggest promoter of weapons to kill people domestically.I wonder if the quality of weapon is the same as  the goods at Wall Mart?

China has eventually absorbed and assimilated every enemy that has attacked/conquered/occupied it over the millenia. Given their size and emerging industrial capacity, what is there to prevent them from becoming the next Big Kid On The Block, economically and militarily? In 10 years? 50 years? 100 years? Many feel it's a done deal, just a matter of time and they have always been patient.

Our world is headed to a dirty end

Julia alot of American troop have been killed by British made weapons in the Middle East. Chine is selling weapons to people who the Western World decided they want to expoit and use to control. There are many countries in Asia and Africa that China is selling arms to to gain foot hold into their country for oil, Gas and minerals that they have for mining. they have started to invest in pipelines for gas and oil. Building new roads,schools, hospitals but not likecolonization did with only taking away what ever they could get for little are nothing.

one of these days china is going to have some kind of real dispute with us, probablythem threatening some pacific rim country which we have a military defense treatywith, and then it will get very very interesting as to who blinks first, or who fires thefirst shot........

the USA supplies the most weapons to foreigners, yet wants gun control for citizens...

Useless Obummer, downsizing and weakening our military, filthy muslim traitor needs to be impeached.

I wonder if thier weapons work better than the rest of the #$%$ they export?

We are in denial....China is producing the world with goods...Very rich country...very smart people...own a nice % of USA...making huge progress in its millitary and being very quiet about it....and the nation is very disciplined...

When will we be forced to SPEAK Chinese ?Article is mostly bashing China makes 5%. Yet US makes 30%.

What a scary world we live in

Is it extra to get the whitewalls on the AA guns?how much?

China invented the rocket and many other signifacant weapons

Fienstein must have her panties in a bunch

Why should we think we will have the monopoly on weapons.  It's stupid to think we can engage in some activity and then suppress another nation from doing the same.

It's too bad that the most powerful countries in the world don't exert 1/20th of the effort--an HONEST EFFORT--towards striving for genuine, guileless peace as they do toward the day they'll annihilate all of us. Oh well, wouldn't presume to tell governments how to do their job!

Damn start importing some of that for "" sporting use "  Obama would #$%$ his pants.

Another good reason to support Guns for Law Abiding American citizens.

Thinking of flying in a Chinese helicopter just scares me.Nostradamus prediction:China, awakening the sleeping giant.

good can`t wait `til "harbor freight" starts selling guns.

This is propaganda if you don't get it... ;)

China builds #$%$, and the US sells mostly to the US. most of the world hates the AR and loves the AK. As far as the big stuff goes, the US only sells to itself and it's allies. We really do have some great weapons. Too bad we can't tell anyone lol.

"The top five arms-dealing countries between 2008 and 2012, a group dominated by the United States".....while Obama and Feinstein try to disarm Americans and assault our 2nd Amendment by outlawing all Semi-Automatic weapons. Maybe they should start by stopping the distribution of weapons of war worldwide first~!

can I buy a flying guillotine ?

this point should make everyone nervous about the future...."China's rise has come with a new sense of military assertiveness with a growing budget to develop modern warfare equipment including aircraft carriers and drones"

So, they now export 1% of the weapons that the USA does and this is a story?

And this is why there can NEVER be peace, there's NO MONEY in peace.. Thanks Yahoobama/communist/socialist news

Britain has lost its balls.with Crapistan the main recipient...INTERESTING!

Pakistan needs frigates &amp; submarines ? Maybe i've missed something , but i didn't think they were that far along .

Thankfully china can not sell guns to amerika any more !

Everyone has to 'counter' everyone else. Any possibility that some day they can all learn to play nice?

- Most people forget that Britain (now relegated to No.6 of the world's largest arms exporters), relies heavily upon its weapons manufacturing base (BAE Systems UK, being only second to Lockheed Martin in weapons sales) to support its GDP growth.- This is THE ONLY REASON Britain wants to supply arms to Syrian rebels - it boosts UK domestic growth - - - and the Brits don't really care about the damage to Syrians - - - they say they do, but their actions in selling arms, tells the true story.- - - - - - - -  ACTIONS always speak LOUDER than WORDS - - - - - - - - - -.

WE BUILD WELFARE OFFICES &amp; FEMA CAMPS...............):

Why don't Mark Kelly and his wife go to China to deliver their gun control speeches?

Your lucky day. WE GOT THAT IN STOCK Can ship in 24 hours. cash or credit?

the iranians. russians, chinese, pakis, all supplying al queda and the taliban

How did N Korea get a nuke? They,.... bought it.  Now serving # 2..... Iran. Sorry about your wait sir how may we help you?     1 year away. ha,ha,ha,.America would be another Communist Country like China without our 2nd Amendment Right protecting us from our own government.  This is why our current administration is trying so hard to abolish the 2nd Amendment from our Constitution.  Obama's goal is to turn America into a Communist, Socialist un-armed Country so he can go down as the greatest dictator the United States has ever had.

I cannot speak to Chinese heavy weaponry, but their firearms are pretty damn good! Comparable in quality to western made stuff in terms of being well built and reliable, but with a more reasonable price. Especially their shotguns. Consumers have rated them very satisfactorily. With the current squeeze on firearms availability in the US, Chinese built firearms are a welcome alternative. You pull the trigger, they go bang.....

If the quality of their weapons is like everything else they make , the buyers have been punked .

All thes governments producing more weapons while telling their people they can't have guns.

Tony Anziano of CA highway and Dianne Fienstien have sold the USA out to China with the Oakland bay bridge,,,,and Ben Bernanke took YOUR tax dollars from the Fed Reserve, and invested it in China......and you chump Americans cant do a damn thing about it!...Kiss your country/freedom good bye!

From the times of the Venetians,the Mongols,the Romans ,the Moors ,the Persians, Spanish empire ,British empire ,every empire has had an end,and is usually the same END,TOO many costly wars going all at once...learn HISTORY is all there

I think you can buy the Chinese weapons at Wal-Mart.

We see how the rest of their #$%$ holds up.  Duct tape should see a rise in sales if they have to patch up their tanks or submarines though.  Duct tape gray may become the new camo.

Well, most of the flags we fly are currently made in China. Can it be too much longer before the weapons we supply to our troops are also Chinese made?

Who ever owns the most Chinese Junk will lose?"Pakistan - which accounted for 55 percent of Chinese arms exports - is likely to remain the largest recipient of Chinese arms in the coming years due to large outstanding and planned orders for combat aircraft, submarines and frigates," SIPRI said"Well, at least you know that your dollars are being used well....

china will rule the world oneday soon ! They are already building roads from the sea in Africa the reason is they see  land lots of land ..When the time comes they will invaded Africa and use the roads they have built to transport there army and their armor division..The Chinese are slick and smart ,yes the Chinese want to thank America for all the help in building their ecnomy into the number one ecnomy in the world ! We shall be the number one super power in the world soon and you America will soon be a third world country run by blacks and Hispanic I know chavez would of love to live too have seen that happen ! China is the future !

Let me get this right. We give Pakistan money to buy arms from China. Makes perfect sense.

If you want the best weapons, BUY AMERICAN!!!!!!!!!!!!

I like the white walls on the mobile anti aircraft artillery- NICE!!

I feel sorry for all the kids growing up now.No jobs,not much to look forward to except watching our leaders waste away.F?K?U?G?O?V?

i'd love to see what the top 3 weapon sellers are selling compare to china in terms of ratio, weapon types and their respective most valued customers. that should clear things up on which is the much much lesser evil.

Well if they hold up as well as my last coffee machine and vacuum cleaner then ....

so much for gun control

Who care? I don't. If they make a good gun I will shoot it.America,  we the people need to wakeup and realize that our own government is going to bring our nation down .. America needs to face the facts .. next time we vote we need to  choose wisely !!!!!

I hope Donald Trump is buying arms from them!

chinas number one largest economy is wal mart

There are two things to mention here:1) The terrorist muslims in #$%$(chit)stan ger the billions from the US and buy from china.2) Killing must be a huge business. All in the name of peace.

Why cant i get one of them pretty yallow ribbons Yahoo! i aint done nothin to nobody

Dont infrigne on my second amendment rights..I will arm myself with as many chinese guns, because the constitution grants me that right!!!!

Pakistan is probably using the foreign aid money the US sends them to buy guns from China.

Now that you know what the enemy has fro arms and that the USA is paying for it how does it make you feel knowing that we have a government that wants to disarm you by removing all the firepower, the military and the know how to defend yourself? Another question for your senators in congress is why is the USA taxpayers footing the bill for Pakistan to buy arms to kill yours or your neighbors kids with? If they can throw our money at guns why do they need our money in the first place.

The US borrows hundreds of billions of dollars from China in order to give Pakistan billions of dollars in aid and in turn, they use part of that to buy weapons from China.

OK, so for those who didn't see the slight of hand here, The US and Russia account for 56% of all war profiteering , uh, weapons sales. Who does the US sell that 30% to? OOPS, that's CLASSIFIED,  Syria, Myanmar, Israel, Iran ?? Well, OK you canlt tell me that #$%$ Cheney is buying oil from Iran and Iran isnlt getting some  "Quim pro Quo". , or that thing Bush used to call it. What's really sad is how few can really understand the ramifications of this sort of twisted fact checking. Then again, we really need China as a serious threat to make Iran appear less an issue when we finally invade. OK, now who wants to bet Netanyahu gets the first F35?OK, so for those who didn't see the slight of hand here, The US and Russia account for 56% of all war profiteering , uh, weapons sales. Who does the US sell that 30% to? OOPS, that's CLASSIFIED,  Syria, Myanmar, Israel, Iran ?? Well, OK you canlt tell me that #$%$ Cheney is buying oil from Iran and Iran isnlt getting some  "Quim pro Quo". , or that thing Bush used to call it. What's really sad is how few can really understand the ramifications of this sort of twisted fact checking. Then again, we really need China as a serious threat to make Iran appear less an issue when we finally invade. OK, now who wants to bet Netanyahu gets the first F35?

In a relatively short period of time, China has become the number 2 economic power and the number 5 weapons exporter, as well as producing the majority of consumable goods and products made in the world, and yet most Americans are STILL in denial!

The 5 permanent members of the UN security council.  How ironic, or backwards. Business is business, I guess.

we are screwed. we couldn't handle North Korea...imagine what China would do to US.BTW, i love it when people say "but we spend more than the next 5 countries combined" ...just because we overspend on things, doesn't mean that we are stronger. They outnumber us and have more financial reserves. in a few years they'll have the equipment too. Good luck to us.

This is China's new scheme, it's from 36 stratagems, the hidden scecret strategy, called:Fake Stuff for Real Dollara smart move to boom economy, you never know about selling cheap copy fake stuff to become a 'Superpower'

"Oh what a tangled web we weave, when first we practice to deceive"Four years of the Obama regime and we have what, to show for it?Really,, what?

It's interesting that of all the people who started WWII, only Italy and Japan remain committed to not starting another one. Others never learn.

The more weapons and more nukes is better.Every country should be able to protect itself.

Don't worry America, our government will protect us...

Well, at least we know what Pakistan does with the foreign aid we give them.NO FOOD to china..........................................................................................

Yep. We're still numero UNO! USA! USA! USA!

REALLY! I still cant believe that Chinese aircraft carrier with a "ski jump"- LOL! What in the heck are they going to launch off that thing? Pumpkins?

Doesn't matter who manufactures or supplies the weapons. ALL WAR is an extension of the global central banks and multinational monopolist's economic model, and America is one of the biggest pawns.

We are good at making weapons and we have massive debts.  Lets sell our aging stealth bombers, fighters, and some of those tanks we built in the early 90's before they become worthless relics and cash in on world conflict.  War can be profitable if you charge up front.

READ THE BEAR &amp; THE DRAGON,  the U.S,A, better learn Russian &amp; Chinese!

Really?  I thought China doesnt have much global infuence in arms deal.

Nice white-walls on those tires. Is that an option or included?

So we will be able to buy Chinese made weapons if they ban the American made ones here.

Still think sending our manufacturing and technology there was a great idea? Now they have the money and the guns.Sometimes I wonder whether or not so many war machines is a good idea but imagine how the cold war might have gone without nukes.

better start learning to speak chinese.obama makes us weak

If they are anything like the quality of their toys someone is in big trouble.

Since 2008 Obama has been supplying the the new black panther party &amp; middle eastern terrorist groups for free

Lot of dumbas* china lovers on here

Wow, just my thought before reading the last part. One thing about the West is this, they sell you weapons, but not everything you need to maintain them and all that, basically you are tied to them for as long as those weapons are in service, and when you do something they don't like, they ban you and that's it.China went through that, my country did, now china have to rely on itself and produce its own weapons, same as Iran. Sanction or ban simply make most countries determined not to rely on other, therefore finding home grown solution to for their needs.When China sells to you, it doesn't threaten you with sanctions or hold back things you might need, and some people wonder why China is more embraced than the west. smh

Cheney's friends hate competition.

Buying Chinese arms with western, principally American aid money.  The Chinese outsmart the US at every turn.

All together now - U-S-A,  NUM-BER, ONE!! [repeat until you realize whose taxes are paying for those weapons]

So our chief export isn't democracy...but warThe idea is when you have an idea and you want compliance you force them---the USA has had it correct all along---with very little abuse of super power-----Obama tailors back on the idea but Obama is an idiot------we need to stay militarily strong in the USA

the best strategy is to leave the middle east, allow china to sell the Ahrabs weapons, go back after the weapons fall apart.

I am so surprised how no one sees China mobilizing an offensive military force. Dumbazzes... I am surrounded by Dumbazzes... I smell coffee but what is everyone else smelling?

Chinese arms are nothing to sneeze at. Many were made on soviet equipment,like the Chinese AK 47 which is far more durable than an M16. Other weapons are copies of other nations designs that work well,and are modified to work better. Then we have technology the our US leaders handed to them for high tech weapons. if you notice,they are the ones that supply us with electronic components and they don't slack on the weapons side,just on the cheap junk consumer stuff they sell Americans. The only issue they have is low grade steel used on springs and other high strength areas,but then again they have chrome lined bores, so their weapons are given the best stuff.Do Not underestimate them.

What is the point of this article. The USA is the largest exporter of arms. On one hand, Obama wants this so called UN arms treaty to prevent this. Yet all the major countries keep selling arms all over the world. Obama gives our enemies weapons, yet wants to disarm us. The UN wants to disarm us. yet we supply the world with weapons. It is like they want us to die in a conflict.

It's ironic that the US is one of the top 2 in the arms business &amp; it's trying to disarm #$%$ own populace.

the guns and cannons probably jam after a few shots. XD

You got money for weapons, China will sell you anything you want.  If China no have, Israel will, but will sell at double China's price.

This article feels like a propaganda piece, to soften public opinion ahead of the coming attempt by the UN to enforce a global gun ban on US soil, circumventing the Constitution.  Hey, MSM--I'm not buying what you're selling.

Uncle Sam, the biggest gun runner on the planet. But it's citizens cannot be trusted with sidearmsI predict the world will enter a new medieval era again where massive starvation and violence and general decadence and deaths from diseases will be the norm. Humans are not any more civilized than they were 2,000 years ago. There are more toys and that's about it.

And who is number 1?  Why the US of course!

Why can every other country have guns given to them by my country but my country is trying to stop me from having a gun?  I don't get it.....

Pretty soon CHINA will take over US military wise and also economically.I think the next century will belong to CHINA.

interesting Pakistan being the main recipient??

War has nothing to do with creating peace, never has, never will, it's only about making big bucks.

I used to not worry about China because though they can copy well, they innovate poorly. Now that we have leadership that wants to make the US a mediocre has-been in the world, I worry a lot.

I would have guessed China even if it was wrong. China is the #1 exporter...Period!

I thought Diane Feinstein banned these too? perhaps we can send her to north Korea

And who's stocking up on all the arms( ? ), our own Homeland Security. Check it out; first the government wants to control and quite possibly take away our rights to bear arms pursuant to the 4th amendment, now something's going on with a hidden agenda to control us completely.Obama's right in the middle of it too. And you liberals should be screaming and protesting NOW!So what, they export arms yet their people have almost no weapons rights. It's China afterall, I dont think you can translate the word rights.

WOW.... Now that's a surprise. Oh brother...................................

I use pepper spray guys.  I highly recommend it over guns.  I had to use it on my grandma the other day when she denied me a piece of Wrigley's chewing gum.  She still can't see.

Hell Yeah!!  It's all about weapons and mass chaos!

Not handicapped with imposing trade sanctions China has won a reputation of being a reliable trading partner. China has a wide range of products and offers generous terms. While holding firm to their ideology they don't try to cram it down the throats of their customers. Too bad the U.S. can't learn from China as that would require them to admit of their policies are wrong.

We bought bullets from them so nothing else would be new.

If I was going into combat (heaven forbid), I want American or German equipment, no way I want to be in a Chinese tank (for instance), because anything complicated the Chinese make ends up with varying degrees of quality, even within the same machine. (like a chinese exercise bike i have...nice and sturdy, but then the wheel clamps are threaded the wrong direction).  If my life is on the line, I want to know my weapon is going to fire.

China will take over everything...

Must be quite a market for white wall tires in China.

Thus... We need to maintain our MILITARY!!!Black Sabbath, War Pigs just pop into my mind as soon as I read the headline. Strange!

All thanks to America's -$315 BILLION yearly trade deficit with China, the largest with a single nation in Word history, -$788 BILLION a year over all. "Free" trade is a fraud that not only is destroying our economy, but our very national security.

LOL, wait until China miniaturizes USA drones to sell to Pakistan, Iran, and Syria to play mind games over Israel

Nobody likes stuff that goes bang more than me, but come on guys...enough is enough...someone is going to get hurt.

gives a whole new meaning to fire and forget. fire it once and forget about it working again.

While we disarm our people, or reduce our military conventional, army, naval, air force, strike and nuclear capabilities, Communist China, Russia, Iran and North Korea continue to build up for war.

Obama sells guns to mexican drug cartells to kill border agents

Popular Science magazine recently ran a cover story on Chinese weapons that included an unmanned armed drone that looks like a carbon copy of an American version and a stealth jet fighter that looks a lot like the American F-22. It makes me wonder if China is coming up with this technology or are they stealing it from American manufacturers? If they are stealing this technology,how long have the Chinese been stealing our secrets? The answers could be very scary!

The huge buildup of arms in China is very worrisome. Some day they'll go after Taiwan....and we'll have to defend Taiwan....but most of our manufacturing is now in China so.....when we need increased military manufacturing how long would it take before we could build what's needed to properly defend ourselves? Building factories takes time.....

so long as  the US government makes all the rules -  we can supply  "kids"  globaly  with   Weapons of  Destruction -    but   be  an American  , and try to buy a gun "legally "  ....Ever wonder why  some hand guns  come from China  &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;?????China is still small time compared to the US and Russia.

If they are going to sell through Walmart, have them send the ammo too.

white walls on artillery is always a plus

They are getting ready for ONE BIG WAR THAT IS COMING SOON the DAY of God.HE is going to KICK ALL OF THERE  BUTS HAVE A GOOD DAY

No #$%$, the perpetual war will continue as long as the people go along with murder. Population control, fear, oppression, hate, evil, and the indifference you people have on other souls.......we are all one.....don't forget that.

China is going to far surpass the US in everything. Sorry it needs to be said. Our country, the way we govern and lead is a joke. Our k-12 schools are an even bigger joke. China believes in their country and will spend money on big projects, like we used to do back in the 60's when we still made stuff here. We produce nothing now and are reduced to service jobs. We need to get serious about rebuilding this country.

By attempting to isolate China militarily, the US has forced the Chinese to make great technological strides within China. LOL. Unintended consequences.

If anyone bothered to look at the photo caption, they'd see these are museum pieces and not operational AAA guns.

A bunch of you keep complaining about warlike Muslims. Well boys, guess where they get their weapons from. Seems like perpetual war is a money making business for the so called Christian Western countries.

Who would want their military built stamped Made in China!Who would want their military built stamped Made in China!

who really cares where these weapons go. what we should focus on is where is my cat? i think he got lost somewhere in china!

China also exports transmissions for Camaros, another company we paid for....oh Pakistan not Packard...you mean that country the president likes pronouncing POCKISTAN

Another reason Africa is such a mess?  China probably supplies the bulk of the weapons to gain access to the minerals and such. Anyone have figures on that?

No matter where big brother sends our money, it still all ends up in China.

Does this article make you think that humans are war mongering savages?If all these countries are poor where is the money coming from?Money, guns and bullets. ..Just my opinion,  the countries that make theweapons do not want the wars to ever end. .. we just keep supplying thecannon fodder. ...does anyone see an end to this circle of silliness.

China copies everyone else then make it cheaper with its slave labor why do we buy from china if slavery is such a bad thing?

The US will be buying it's weapons from China the way we are going.......

How UNsurprising this is.

When i ,clicked on this article I knew it would be China.  Watch out Russia and the USBuy American; the best long-term advice.

the day i want Chinese made guns 1 of 3 things will have to be happening1: Zombie Apocalypse2: Alien Invasion3: Nuclear HolocaustOther wise I'm sticking with American made guns

Our goverment is worried about arms control on the citizens. It is a @ucking joke. Look at the big picture.

It would appear that our top "political leaders" want to make the U.S. a "second rate country".

Iraqi militants and the Taliban have plenty of American-made weapons..very clever on our part.

Why dosent Feinstupid and the Senate pass a law that no country can attack the USA then we don't need any weapons.

Obama is a communist - that is a fact...and in fact, Obama hates business even more than China did a few decades ago. China has gotten smart, wised up, and has been encouraging and supporting businesses, while our communist punk dictator does everything he can possibly do to discourage business.

Money, Money, Money....MONEY! Some people gotta have it!At whatever cost. Sad, really sad...

lol..whitewall tires

Hey, this is small news. Just wait until Iran,N.Korea,and China team up along with maybe even Russia to take over the world period. I'm talking WWIII. Yes it is comming, and sooner than later if Obama doesn't show the world that the U.S. is TOTALLY behind IsrealIt seems that there are a lot of negative minded individuals who think that China will one day take over the world financially, economically, and military.The United States is the number one world power and will remain the number one world power into the fore-scene future.The biggest threat to the United States keeping it's leading edge as the number one super power is not Russia or China, but instead, the "republican party" and it's way-ward offspring the "tea party." This is the reason why we must get rid of every obstructive tea party backed members in both houses of Congress because their wreakless attempts to prevent President Obama from being successful is the biggest danger to our national security.

now at wal mart old anti aircraft guns from china .but you first must get a background check .

So we need to blow up Pakistan!  Sell everything we can to China and then blow them up!

How do you think the British feel about losing out to China? At least we are still number one for now. I reckon that hell will freeze over before we are overtaken by them.

America, your in real good company.  LOL

so how does north Korea afford its weapons? maybe China gives her a huge discount.

Well why not? I'm sure the US will need a constitutional amendment to require a certain level of defense spending for defense contractors. That's what our tea party defender of the constitution wants to do in our state constitution guarantee state spending to private contractors. God have mercy on America.

yeah right aircraft carriers, they have one and they couldnt even build the body they bought the body from russia

Now we understand why all the foreign aid, God Bless the USA the best country that money can but.

War is always good business. Look up "SOFEX" expo; you can buy everything there. And "enemies" setup their booth right next to each other..selling their goods. Really shows you what war is all about - money. All the manufactures are friends. It's the soldiers that do the dying.What would willard do?

Sick.

LMAO Brittan was the No.5 arms exporter when it is all but totally illegal for a civilian to own a gun there? So you can build them, just can't own one. -_-

Considering that they manufacture half of the world's steel... six times more than the US...

america is No.1......ha,ha,ha,ha,ha,ha,ha,ha,ha,ha,hawhat happened to our GUN CONTROLS.............syupid phony americans...this country is really two face

DEATH HAS ALWAYS BEEN BIG BUSINESS!

It's ironic that the US gives Pakistan's military $1B /year but buys its weapons from China.

And we complain about why terrorists attack the allied countries, when all the big nations make so many weapons that end up selling them to whoever can pay, and once they are out of our control they can roam all over the world in the black market. Everybody has money to buy, but we are the ones who give them the weapons.

and China is chomping at the bit to adhere to agenda 21 from the UN.Pointless

Apparently the world hasn't seen my guns yet..*flexes arms majestically*and China is chomping at the bit to adhere to agenda 21 from the UN.Pointless

Apparently the world hasn't seen my guns yet..*flexes arms majestically*

Oh no bipedal piloted tanks yet? Wake me up when the Universal Century hits. Zieg Zion!

Hey world leaders ! , guess what &gt; China is the number 5 weapons dealer so apparently the only need they have in buying FROM you is to reverse engineer your technology to make even more and better arms to sell . Might be a good idea to STOP selling the stuff to them in the first place .

So basically we are paying Pakistan, a known terrorist country, to buy arms from China, a communist country.  Our government is smart aren't they?

But we're safe cuz we got legislation to keep these weapons and high cap mags out of 'the wrong hands'.

The Muslims said that they would conquer the USA from within.  Obama is selling the country out in as many ways that he can think of.  The enemy within.

Great marketing, Buy Cheap China weapons, they break after 1 use, buy them again cause they are cheap.

I  HATE  THE  SOUND  OF  CHINA  GUNS   /  #$%$ #$%$ #$%$ #$%$

Funny, we send Billions to Pakistan, they spend it in China. We are subsidizing China's Military industrial complex.An armed to the teeth world is a safer world.

Every computer hardwares and spare parts in U.S Military says "Made in China". Computers such Dell and Lenova...made in China.

While socialist Obama focuses on demilitarization, gay marriage, higher taxes, banned on legal assault rifle (criminals uses HANDGUNS) and more socialism approach. China is about to swallow him ALIVE!

If they manufacture their weapons with the same quality of the goods they ship here it's easy to see why they are selling as much as they can.

All of it probably from our technology. Thanks Bill Clinton.

Christine...Russia and China side together according to prophecy. So watch out US.  All the tough guy hood #$%$ won't save us.  When they are done with us there won't be any more low class handouts.  They have been plotting against us and this country is stupid enough to allow it.

Lawyers, Guns and Money

After they arm Pakistan, China will build a big wall for India.

I definitely will sleep better tonight knowing our enemies weapons are made from cheap frigin' Chinese steel ..LOL

They stole the whitewalls off a Cadillac lot in Detroit.They stole the whitewalls off a Cadillac lot in Detroit.

It's like this, Hey Pakistan here is my money, go buy some weapons from China and then attack us.. that's smart!

Jokingly, like Don Quixote man is looking for enemies. In the earlier days, things like windmills were imagined threats, now these have been replaced by mountain ranges. Himalayan range could now be considered an  enemy  to be flattened for invasions; Khyber Pass is not wide enough to let massive armies through.

I hope there Cannons are better than there cars or somebody is going to get hurt using them! Being my wife is from China is could be someone we know!

Yes, folks, every time you buy something made in China it's like adding another nail to the US' coffin! Thanks to corporate traitors with friends in high places in the US, US missile guidance systems technology is in their missiles. They are able to build more and more military items, as they hack the US and the Europeans for information regarding industrial processes and military hardware, aircraft, space technology. So, folks, one day we may be on the receiving end of some very potent reverse engineered military hardware when China bullies us.All because China gets foreign capital to expand, because the consumers in the USA and in the EU have been had, so must buy Chinese goods. All because of corporate lust, greedy traders, as in traitors, who want to undermine US high paid jobs, however expect brand loyalty to now slave labor made China made tools, cars, etc...and expect US servicemen and servicewomen to protect their interests, mockingly called US interests!It's pity our great country was sold out by criminal Nixon in the early 1970s, when Chinese goods (as in trading with our mortal enemy) were allowed into the US...now look, it's no exception, it's the norm!Our jobs, our factories, our smokestack industries, our tool industries, our hardware industries have disappeared, everything is made in CHINA, more than likely in the reassembled factories we sold them that were forced to close because of Chinese competition. Our light bulbs, furniture, shoes, pots and pans are made in China; everything we see and touch!!!It's a criminal greed sellout, and the US provided China with the jump start into the 21st century! There may be a day when our military will be using Chinese weapons, they already use berets and boots made in China. It's time we bypass all the Chinese goods we really do not need, let them rot on the shelves and on the docks.

Doesnt matter because if its marked "made in China" its a inferior piece of #$%$

I’m sorry to say there is so much ignorance exists around me:  I hope it doesn’t happen; but it is inevitable that a third world war is going to take place sometime this century.  I’ll bet my life on it.Think about N. Koran, China, Iran, Russia, U.S.A. and many other countries who are constantly building their arsenal, it is not for show, it is for use one day.  GO ahead and give me 500 thumbs down, it’s not like you or I making money giving our opinion.

I've been saying it since we got UBL inside of #$%$ Paskistan. Cease foreign aid. Immediately.

Well maybe the USA will try to tell China and Russia what they can and can not sell in the world market of arms..no it want dare try ,only the little country s does the USA try to bully and push around,,

The AK-47's over in China are made from plastic.We borrow from China, give aid to Pakistan which in turn purchase weapon from China, I only see one winner here, and ain't the US!!

Looking at history, I doubt China would invade. Britain has invaded all but 22 countries in the world in its long history. Those are the ones...watch out for them Brits. They hate us for our dental insurance!

I sure am glad we gave them all our work and  ruined our own economy.I wonder how many chinese made munitions killed our soldiers

Creepy stuff.

They are more concern about banning assult weapons here than all the weapons they sell that kills 1000s. Drugs and weapons are the way of all nations now,. It all ends up with death. Cause by greed for money and power.

Yeah, but they are still "Made in China"

look at the white wall tires on the howitzers lol

I got guns, you got guns, all Gods children got guns.......

I like the white-wall tires in the top pic.

If they put that kinda money in cureing desease instead of war machines, mankind would be better off. SAD.If they put that kinda money in cureing desease instead of war machines, mankind would be better off. SAD.

China is where the US was after WWII, but we no longer have any plant capacity, no steel and foundry works, no engineers, no blue collar jobs. And no space presence. We already are a 3rd world country

The world biggest arms supplier is US. Then Russia, France and Germany. China only supplied 5% of global arms trade.So, what's the problem? Is this another stupid attempt to demonize China?

I love how most of the arms these countries are exporting are going to authoritarian regimes and/or third world countries plagued with political instability. We sure have some responsible people running the world, huh.

So can we please send Piers Morgan and Diane Feinstien to China so they can complain to the Chinese about weapons and leave the rest of us alone.

And the gov't. wants to take away our weapons? You barking up the wrong tree there bubba !

Nice job Propaganda machine!A fifth ranked China makes it on the front Yahoo news page!How about the world's number 1 arms dealer? USAIt probably get a small print on the last page!

I guess we're going to get our guns from Russia, if all the manufactures close down in the U.S., and they wont take our guns. we'll just replace them with guns from another country.

It won't be long before the International NRA rules the world.

I hope their weapons are as defective and inferior as everything else that comes out of China.rip van winkle usa,  china is the worlds largest super power  ,   just rub the sleep from your eyes  liberals

Why isint the US listed as the #1 exporter? by a very very large margin over the top ten countries.

Don't be sending our troops to help save the pythons and the spider monkeys on the islets of the South China Sea. Let the Japanese, Vietnamese and China worry about that. We will supply weapons to all 3 countries to get some of our money back.

ATTENTION: WalMart shoppers. THIS is what your dollars pays for and it supports SLAVE LABOR and FORCED ABORTIONS.

What Jimmy said

India will be US friend. The bet is Parkistan will move away from US.

So WHY are we borrowing 40 cents on the dollar from these people ?

With all the arms being sold worldwide, pretty soon the only people who won't be able to defend themselves will be the American citizen.

HAHAHA! Dont lick the paint or use it more than once it will break...Made in China stamped right on the barrel as they sweat pulling the trigger,Will it be me or them that dies....

And ObamaNation wants gun control for its citizens!Give me a Flipping Break:O(How about control spending for my Bro?And ObamaNation wants gun control for its citizens!Give me a Flipping Break:O(How about control spending for my Bro?

Live by the sword; die by the sword.   Why not plant the seeds of peace instead of war?  People usually respond in like kind to the way they are treated.  For those who do not, you maintain a peaceful readiness for war.  ("Speak softly and carry a big stick.") That does not mean make a ton of money selling weapons all over the world and adding to the problem.  In some places, that's like throwing gasoline on the fire.

Each of Earths superpowers can blow it up a few hundred times over.  You wouldn't have that kind of technology if you weren't planning on using it one day.  Being able to blow up Earth isn't a counter measure to stopping another country from doing the same.

Yeah right. Made in China. Really reliable I'm sure. Probably as good as their fighter pilots. Remember the one who collided with our plane forcing it to land in China? Ready, aim, fire..."click".

If the government stops American arms mfg. I will have to buy Chinese cannons with whitewall tires. Pimp my Cannon!

We foolish humans keep consuming our precious remaining resources to build soon-to-be-obsolete weapons. What a waste, considering how important it is for us to design a softer landing from fossil fuels.Exponential growth in a finite system is impossible in perpetuity - The Great Lesson.Will we humans ever learn that or just continue with our messy bubble / bust cycles and mass sufferings? Some feel we are so advanced. In some ways we are, in other ways we are falling behind our animal brothers. The other great ape species even treat their other members better than we treat each other. Not very advanced at all.

One day we gonna look up and a million screaming chinese are gonna be at our door.

Made in China designed by everyone else.

It is made in China.

What a surprise. I knew it was China before I clicked. New leader in weapons, in pollution, in animal extinction, in human rights violations, etc, etc. All CHINA.And for all you socialist pacifist. What have you got to say about these arms sales? China all so wants all of our hand guns and assault rifles. I guess you pacifist want to live under the China regime. All hand guns turned in to the government will be sold to Iran. This administration  is a piece of work. Blame Bush!!!!

If everyone on earth are free to own weapons,that will be good business/growth.

Killing is big business obviously.

@ Squadman, We can blame that on Bill Clinton when he sold the soul of America to give China our war technology when he was in office!

Hope they Drive Better then the Chinese that live in the USA

Yeah, let me buy one of those $600 cars the chinese are selling. How about the lead planes and warships? I bet they are made of tainted candy.

Instructions: To fire hit nail with hammer.

wait a second.. China is the #2 economy in the world?  I thought Communism (Socialism) can't work?  Looks like it's working.

Who else could it be. Even before I opened the page, I knew it will be China

Wait 'til the Pentagon learns that the F-35 is made in China.Who's #1 in weapons exports? And they want to keep basic rifles and semi-auto guns out of the hands of their citizens. Oh yeah, good thing the #1 weapons exporter gives Pakistan billions to buy Chinese weaponry as well.

China is built on the bubble that is communism, when that bubble pops, China's government will collapse. Remember, China is known for quantity, not quality.

They forgot to add the CIA to the list. Or was this a "legal" exporters list?

Obama used executive privlage to sell guns to mexican drug cartells to kill our  border patrol agents

Is China dumb enough to invade Iraq and Afghanistan and go broke doing it !

myanmar to counter china's influence in the region...????what gives a #$%$ about aung san su kee

With all the money that we give Pakistan, you would think that it would come with a condition that they buy american arms. Which of our great foreign negotiators made this wonderful deal?

We captured AK-47s in Vietnam that were made in China in 1969-70. Those were heavy, guns, wooden stocks, bayonets, and still had rough machine marks on many of the interior parts. They could fire and be caked with mud, while our M-16s jammed with dust.

The Asian broker handling the sales is named Cha Ching

The united states citizens are naive. They think that our politicians are just going to hand over the country based on some antiquated financial system that the U.S basically controls. When you show the world force and aggression they show you respect. Go bankrupt right in front your faces and get to do it again why.? Because,besides the money issue who's gonna oppose the U.S. government you, me or another country? Ask Sadaam Hussein how that thing worked out for him. The U.S government is the reason terrorism exists now. Nobody can oppose the machine. Ask the soviets how that thing worked out for them. There is no more soviet union! Just Russia, just Russia.The united states citizens are naive. They think that our politicians are just going to hand over the country based on some antiquated financial system that the U.S basically controls. When you show the world force and aggression they show you respect. Go bankrupt right in front your faces and get to do it again why.? Because,besides the money issue who's gonna oppose the U.S. government you, me or another country? Ask Sadaam Hussein how that thing worked out for him. The U.S government is the reason terrorism exists now. Nobody can oppose the machine. Ask the soviets how that thing worked out for them. There is no more soviet union! Just Russia, just Russia.

And sometime, no one will know when, they will all blow up in the faces of the people operating them.

Chinese and their best buddies the terrorist nation of Pakistan..lol

We built this monster

And Obama wants to decrease our military!

I wonder how much of this Chinese hardware was bought with U.S. Forign aid.....

I wouldn't go near a Chinese made weapon. The thing is as likely to fall apart or blow up in your face as it is to actually work. Nothing Chinese made has quality built into it. They have no idea what quality even is.

China is our friend. NOT!

Why is it that when the US does something it's for good and worthy of praise, but when any other country in the world does the same thing it's an evil deed that they should be punished for?

Weapons made in China? Why am I not surprised...China is our friend. NOT!

Why is it that when the US does something it's for good and worthy of praise, but when any other country in the world does the same thing it's an evil deed that they should be punished for?

Weapons made in China? Why am I not surprised...

Me no buy Chinese junk , me likey Armalite !

Get rid of the weapon makers, then their might be a chance of peace.....

Just what the world needs...more weapons...to kill more enemies...to deplete the population...Mother Nature must be killing herself laughing.

If they would put 'moon hubcaps' on with those white wall tires they would be classic!!!

Pakistan : Hello China, Goodbye U.S.

If the weapons ius anything like the rest of the items China produces, then there will be a lot of malfunctioning weapons and a big waste of money for the buyers.

A Chinese weapon quality is #$%$.If I buy a Chinese howitzer from walmart, do I have to assemble it at home?  More importantly, is it painted with lead paint?  I have nieces and nephews

I wonder what percentage would actually fire without blowing up.

Does Obama want to take our assault rifles away because he has an order that he can't fill, or what? Oh, and free large capacity clips with each one sold.

Instead of banning guns in the USA why don't they ban imports from China???

Obama's goal is to knock the United States in any way possible. It has been his goal for his entire life as much as it was his fathers.

Arms buyers are looking for the best price. Even when the Americans give their arms away, it is more expensive to maintain. So, China will, as in other manufacture, grow into this one remaining big market. Just don't buy Chinese food. it is likely to be melamine or worse.

This is a sad commentary on humanity, isn't it?  War is business, in more than on way.

I bought my halftrack at Wal-Mart

Would you buy weapons from China? hahaha... Not me!!!

wal mart shopers have given china the money to produce these weaponsWhite walls! Their tanks have adjustable shocks to be low riders

I wonder what does Pakistan do with all the aid money we've been shipping over to fight terrorism? Using a good portion of it to buy Chinese military hardwares, I bet. The only winners are once again, the military industrial complexes of all arms exporting countries. Shame.

And China would like to thank Walmart, American politicions of the past 20 years and the outscourcing of jobs to China aka American corporate greed for the rise in the Chinease power base.

We are NOT selling weapons.  We are GIVING weapons if you will be a friend to the U.S..  It just doesn't work!  Here people who are fighting the Syrian government, here Egypt, F16s', millions for now, and we'll pay millions later, plus, 2 billion to keep peace with Isreal, and another billion later.   Why do we give money to Afganistan, Iraq, we need to pull out, if they threaten the US kick their butts and quit rebuilding countries where we are not respected.

China is ramping up weapons production capabilities at home.  That sounds scary.

I'm sorry, I'll take U.S., British, and even Russian Ammo and weapons over the Chicons... Ever bought #$%$ from China? It's far from reliable...

Forget the "War on Terrorism" it's a side show. We have been in an economic war with China for several decades, and they are winning. It's only a matter of time before we are in an all out shooting war with them over contested resources (oil, labor, etc...).

While China's military is growing, America's is shrinking thanks to the democrats.

obama keep cut the defense budget while china grows it.

Obama and Holder will be jealous, oh wait They are the Number 1 Arms Suppliers to Drug Cartels and Muslims.They so much want to be like the U.S.

Satan must be laughing. sick world

That's just great, China is selling its #$%$ to #$%$ nations. These so called countries are the bane of the world as it is and are getting worse and worse as their peoples flood the west. China is such an upstanding global partner in every aspect it endeavors.

Awesome!  Nice to see so many experts on world politics and international economics gathered in one place, clarifying the confusing issue of arms and currency trading.  Stupid me thought the complexities couldn't be unraveled in a sentence or two.  Thank God for the brilliant minds at FOX, MSNBC, CNN, etc telling us what's really going on behind the closed doors.

And all this at a time when we are slashing our defense budget.  Insanity!

This is a joke.The advocate deadly killing machines over a medicinal and recreational God-given plant called marijuana and its cousin the hemp for its utilitarian benefits!!What a laugh of a world!!

just blow the f * ing planet up already

what happened with Feinsteins gun control laws

Hurray for china! Thanks. Libturds!

Don't lick your weapons from China there might be lead paint on them. hahaDon't lick your weapons from China there might be lead paint on them. haha

Hell--O I wouldn't want to be the one using these weapons , !! the #$%$ they make it would be like taking a knife to a gun fight !!

While we are trying to ban guns.....they are gearing up for war. Well played America.

China's population added to Iran's and North Korea's population comes out to about just a little under one and a half billion people (1,438,000,000) as compared to our 310,000,000. That is more than 4.6 times our population. Shouldn't we be making plans?

_______BUT_____They ALL___Want____to FORCE____"our" Governmment___To Take away the Amerian peoples Guns and remove our Constitutional Right to own one.Stop Voting....."Liberal" and "Conservative"....Red state/Blue State....and Start SUPPORTING LIBERTY in.....ANY...FORM.

Just a matter of time before we're all speaking Chinese..

People conveneniently FORGET the stageering power of only ONE of today's NU-CLE-AR(not NU-CU-LAR) weapons... in fact, there is NO SUCH THING as a NU-CU-LAR weapon because there is NO SUCH WORD in the English language as NU-CU-LAR... like duh?Aside from that "minor point" and "grammar lesson", American Technology ELIMINATES the "insane, continued American OBSESSION with building bigger and faster Naval Fleets".So, ask yourself, "What American companies NEVER ask for a Bailout, or do we EVER hear much about in the news?"Lockheed-Martin?  Raytheon?  Honeywell? And a very long list of companies that "Americans think make OTHER things... like General Electric?  Ford Aerospace?Americans have been COMPLETELY SUCKERED in to believing that our Military has been fighting and dying for "Freedom" and "Morally justifiable causes" all around the globe for the past few generations and/or "against Communism" since the "Korean Conflict" under Truman?The American Military has been "fighting and dying to PROP UP America's Weapons companies" aka the "Military Industrial Complex" that President Eisenhower WARNED Americans about back in the late 50's and 60's!!!Sheeple Americans IGNORED Ike... and look at what we have today? Most have NO CLUE?NO ONE KNOWS or can effectively "even estimate" the "total number of foreign American locations around the globe"... NO Senator, Secretary of Defense or President even "begin to mention or discuss this topic" and NO media person EVER EVEN ASKS the question?The reason this massive HOAX has been played on the overwhelming majority of the American public is the same reason "all the other government hoaxes" have been played... because the politicians know very well just how "incredibly ignorant" the American public is, period.Consider the MASSIVE VOLUME of Bombs, Jets, Boats, Vehicles, Weapons, Bullets and GEAR sold every single day to every other country on Earth?How much of that "massive volume" is actually EVER used???Truthfully?  It's obvious to verify... "other than PRACTICING MILITARY EXERCISES?"Basically "little to almost NONE at all!"  NO ONE EVER seems to notice, mention, discuss or ask why?The "Dogs of War" have been playing this game from Genghis Khan, Alexander the Great and Ceasar, up through the "Cold War" to today."Back Home" there is always the buddy, pal or relative of some powerful political figure throughout History involved in the "manufacture and sale of military hardware and supplies" from Swords and Chariots right on up through catapults and today's NU-CLE-AR weapons.Yet, no single country (except for radical terrorists from the religion off peace) seriously wants to "risk the consequences" of launching ONE single NU-CLE-AR weapon... not ONE.  In fact, except for 2 in Japan, and a few others that were "tested"... most of the NUKES ever made have become so old, they may not even be operational?  Brilliant huh?Citizens of the world simply do not get it; never did and never will... and their political figures and weapons manufacturers KNOW IT.

If their weapons are no better than all other junk that comes from china,,don't plan on winning a war with chinese weapons

I find this story interesting in this sense. Aren't the Chinese people brutally oppressed by a communist dictatorship - and aren't even allowed to have guns - to say nothing of freedom of speech and the press and even the flow of information - even the internet is censored etc . . and yet they MAKE guns and weapons to ship out of the country to others. I find that odd. I guess it's like anything else - the Chinese make anything and everything ( 90% of it low quality #$%$ ) - and fill the consumer demand of the free peoples of the World - so why not make Guns too ? ( Just as long as the shipping containers end up somewhere else - and NOT in the hands of the Chinese people. )

Honestly after all the real #$%$ Chinese made garbage that has infiltrated our markets would you really want a Chinese made gun? Hell even there squirt guns dont even work_=__________________________-/  ////  (____)                   ____ |_|_////_________________(____|)/  o  /) /  )/(/     /)__\_))(/     /)(/     /)(/_ o _/)--------

You all better learn Chinese, know how to say: " Please don't kill me, I'm an American, if you killed me, then you would never get your money back " :D

Those Pakistan purchases thanks to the foreign aid from US tax payers, who always get the shaft.

We, the United States, have created a nightmare world. All that is left is for the nightmare to begin.

The business of killing each other, makes politicians wealthy.

I just want to know where they got those whitewalls from.

China is Americas #1 Concern but yet we just can't get enough of their electronics. In the Near Furture America will buy all our Defense electronics from them..That makes me sleep real good at night..How about you?

Before you get too excited the massive jump in sales for China, remember their was from 2-5% market share, and the only way they achieved that was to sell their newest, most advanced systems. We are not allowed to sell any of our gear, until it is replaced by something better, and we dominate the market. Not a surprise really, Uncle Sam has some really nice equipment, that we paid for. I just hope one day it is not turned on the people that bought it.

How fast can america spend 400 trillion in military hardware? I bet asia knows!! it wont last in a war and were broke.

We taugh them everything good they have, and they steal the technology for everything else. POS country.We taugh them everything good they have, and they steal the technology for everything else. POS country.

Pakistan the largest purchaser of Chinese weapons with US foreign aid we borrowed from China.

So China sells its arms to Pakistan and we give Pakistan billions of dollars? Does anyone else see a problem here?

Isn't it interesting how the government wants to tighten the grip on assault rifles here in the US, but has no problem selling them abroad...

Well, Knock out fake ........... Made in Chinaif the weapon German, Japan, US or Russia made, well, dangerous, but made in China? not even every screw is the same :Dif you gimme a made in China gun and order me to fight a battle, it's like you gimme a suicide mission.

i just hope these chinese products as un reliable as they are here in america.

When  you buy things made in China, you take a big chance on quality and whether things will actually work or not.  I'd be worried about using arms from China, especially I found that little gold "Made in China" sticker on it.

Chinese Free Trade Agreement and How it Destroyed the United StatesOnce the People’s Republic of China realized that they could buy American Congressmen and Congresswomen they set out to make a Free Trade agreement with the United States of America.The United States Congress welcomed the Chinese Lobbyists with open arms and palms open both Democrats and Republicans. The then fully communist country started filling the coffers of the United States Congress knowing along with all the United States Congressmen and Congresswomen that it would destroy the American Middle Class and the American worker. Yet the entire United States Government took as much from the Lobbyists as they could.Today the United States is feeling the effect of what our government did to the U.S. Labor market, backed by United States Corporations which found cheaper labor overseas and mad a small amount of Americans, Steve Jobs Billionaires.Of the two people who are running for president of the United States neither is addressing the problem Chinese Free Trade or the punishment to the United States Congress and their Lobbyists.The American Chinese Free Trade Agreement that has put 10’s of millions American Workers out of their jobs Needs to Modified and Amended to be Free and Fair Trade Agreement and the gGovernment Officials and their Lobbyists who were involved in this treacherous act against the American Worker should be Imprisoned and finned to the tune of 16 Trillion U.S. Dollars.

If they make weapons like they do all the other stuff they send to America, it will fire one round and explode, #$%$ Chinese s--t.

Nice to know if China and Britain go to war there will be no shortage of ammunition.Amazing it is so much easier to make weapons than ARMOR to stop such weapons--loved that part in District 9 where the ROBOT stopped all the bullets and killed the #$%$ now I want to see movie where huge robot takes all the M-16s M2s hand guns and hardens them to the strength of mower blades and beats the COPS and MILITARY to death in their heads...with those very same weapons they get off on.  ( ie blood gore and flesh bones like some GOD in a movie) ? That would be fantastic idea for SCI FI movie?

They all got it wong

top seller of arms, mainly because everone has the if i dont agree with it atitude lets shoot it.

Let's see if I understand this correctly.  The United States Government gives countries like Pakistan millions of dollars each year so that Pakistan can go to China or Russia and buy military arms, with which they can threaten the United States.  Am I missing something or has the United States Government lost what little mind its Congress had.  We have been furnishing military arms and ammunition in the past to certain countries and they have been shooting it back at us.  Where do we go from here?  Even Afghanistan's Karzi has no use for the United States since we have helped him clean the place up losing many, many American lives and spending many, many tons of money.  Since we are leaving, he will want us to leave our military equipment and all the money that we will give him for future use.  What a crazy deal.  Barry Goldwater was right and ahead of his time when he said the United States should dam up its rivers for fresh water, grow its forests for timber, and have a military second to none and no one would bother us.  That is still a pretty good idea.

I'm very sure the main reason why China's weapons sales have gone up is because it can sell to practically any country or armed group whose political relationships with leading Western arm dealing nations is unworkable.

We support Chinese through out purchases at Wal Mart and are paying for Pakis through aid....something stinks here. When possible boycott Chinese products. The butt you save might be your own or your children or grand children.

why every body complaining about the chinese cheap stuff ,keep on going to Wal-Mart?...I DON'T go there .I go to locals market on weekends and buy enough Food..I buy Italian or spanish SHOES..and I even look at the labels to see where thing are made..It is very hard to find NON chinese product ,but they are out there

why cant we just trade baseball cards

SO . . . the U.S. spends more on their military than the next TWELVE countries combined AND they are the top weapons exporter!  This is the problem with the U.S. - they are total hypocrites!

Not to worry, I have used a fully auto Chinese AK-47 and it was junk. When you take a design that is world renowned for being highly dependable and turn it into an even cheaper made turd I don’t think we have much to worry about. You go China, flood our enemies’ with junk weapons!! Thanks, LOL.I bet China don't have a ban on weapons. That country will send a message to this so called super power country. We are in a super mess. We can't even defend ourselves. No bullets.

"China...with Pakistan the main recipient." So we borrow money from China, to give to Pakistan, so they can buy Chinese weapons. Anyone else see the absurdity and stupidity of this for us?

You know history has shown that every time you sell socalled alie's weapons they allways come back to shoot you right square in the butt!!!

This is wonderful.  The Us,China, and Russia have been arming the terrorists, their enemies, the mexican police force of 150,000 of which took their weapons and joined the drug lords, and they want to take our guns away.  Not to mention fast and furious.  What is wrong with this picture.  Sending 200 tanks and 30 some fighter jets to the Muslim Brotherhood inEgypt.It just gets better everyday.

These are not liberal socialists destroying our infrastructure. The name of the game is capitalism, plain and simple. These jerks are what is driving the cheap labor and moved factories.

China is not just exporting arms. Machinery and truck tires are also big items export to the third world, such as African countries. We always talk "Dollar--Value". Chinese do make good dollar/value merchandises.

China getting all they money from usa,,, gop to greedy to  hire americans they rather hire terroist,,, walton kids own over a 110 billion $$$$,,, made in china,,

I said China to myself before I clicked on the link.

A milled not stamped SKS is made beter than a m16, m16 is lighter, but drop a m16 in the mud and try to shoot it, it will jam most the time, if any dirt gets in the chamber, not a sks it want even jam if it over heats. m16 is paper thin except for the barrle, their a good gun, but nowhere near worth what they cost, when i can but 10 sks for the price of one m16.

With the democrats running the show, China has got to be licking their chops.  They could probably roll on us right now and there would be little we could do to stop them.I said China to myself before I clicked on the link.

A milled not stamped SKS is made beter than a m16, m16 is lighter, but drop a m16 in the mud and try to shoot it, it will jam most the time, if any dirt gets in the chamber, not a sks it want even jam if it over heats. m16 is paper thin except for the barrle, their a good gun, but nowhere near worth what they cost, when i can but 10 sks for the price of one m16.

With the democrats running the show, China has got to be licking their chops.  They could probably roll on us right now and there would be little we could do to stop them.

Ah for the good ol' days when they built our railroads eh.

Were number one, when it comes to armming the muslim brotherhood, i bet China just want give them 20 fighter jets and 200 tanks for free.

I love their SKS, cheap but good and very accurate and russian bullets, you can go burn a thousand rounds target practicing and spend less then american made 22cal. Half the price of american made guns and bullets are taxes and regulation fees but on them, in the 80s i could buy a crate of 10 SKSs for $69 each and a brick of russian made 7.62 full metal jacket for $10 that was the the good old days.

they forgot to mention the USA sells 55% or more of all weapons sales world wide...those darn Chinese are about 20% or less...we hate competition as it seems

if obama keeps this upe will all be speaking china

The NRA is working hard to keep America the top exporter of small arms.Ruger and Smith &amp; Wesson are two of the world’s largest suppliers of handguns. Smith &amp; Wesson became a member of the NRA’s “Golden Ring of Freedom,” which is for donors who contribute more than $1 million. Ruger promised to donate $1 to the NRA for each gun it sold over the course of a year in a gun sales in a program called the “Million Gun Challenge.”  It raised $1.25 million.

Man's day is coming when god is going to throw down a few weapons of his own and there won't be a thing he can do about it!!!"Pakistan - which accounted for 55 percent of Chinese arms exports - is likely to remain the largest recipient of Chinese arms in the coming years due to large outstanding and planned orders for combat aircraft, submarines and frigates..." and they are using the $5B/yr. in US military aid to do it!  Cut this #$%$ out ... STOP giving money to the enemy - Pakistan

Each of their weapons systems will, of course, be a U.S. or Russian knock off!

Surprise ? They are the biggest knock off of heavy machinery, Like Cat &amp; Deere. Everything is good untily you have a warranty claim.

Sure takes the air out of domestic gun control. Suddenly I can hardly care. Law and order is such a farce. Bullets, bombs, and landmines rule... the economy And the collective psyche.

With Chinese weapons its a matter of backfiring and blowing up in there face before the foesweapons munitions are hitting them between the eyes. Its a win ,win !!!

That's a lot of guns and some nice wheels!

AMERICA NUMBER 1!

The US is the biggest exporter of arms in the world. Why does the word 'hypocrisy' spring to mind?

impossible to believe people are still engaged in mindless wars.

If you are Chinese you can't have a gun. Smell a rat?Hey libs that is what will happen here if your representatives get their way.In an arms race, the arms suppliers always win.

Freaking military industrial complex! It was bad enough before globalization but NOW look what happened!Those who live by the sword will perish by the sword. It is time for those of us who understand nature and humanity to stand up to those who would impose rule by force, fear, and artificial scarcity; indeed, we may never get another chance. Go the way of the open hand, not the closed fist...

We need to be on good terms w/ China....now that the US is producing quality products (US made clothes are exceptional, every bit as good as Italian).Our manufacturing costs are going down, Chinas' are rising, and we need China to buy our products.

China would still be run on animal power if Nixon and the NWO hadn't sold the US out, promising to buy their goods, take out loans, and build them up while bringing us down to make world control possible. Plus they can continue to spend trillions on everything for war and nothing for peace.

The quality of Chinese military equipment is junk. Let me guess, Walmart is the middleman?

with poverty, hunger, and illiteracy striking the world, we spent millions on our military, give millions away to super suppressive regimes, and spent millions destabilizing countries so they could buy our weapons. we live in a very f'kd up place.

Isn't ironic that all top Merchant of Deaths are members of UN's Security Council where they decide how to bring peace in world's trouble spot. Not only that same countries donate heavily to maintain peace in the region.

America number one in arms sales? Who would have thought that benevolent, democracy-promoting, kindly, America would be number one in arms sales.Is this country schizophrenic or what???

The US still far outspends China in military spending. This country is in trouble because of debt, not lack of weapons.

spin..spin..Damn! That looks like my garage!

Jackson that would be all of the 20th century and so far the 21st.

So, if I read this article correctly: Communist China is now THE Military industrial Complex?  Wow, that really makes me feel much better.

I don't see us, as in 'the world' evolving anytime soon.

let me be clear to all you fools out there. way back bush and clinton opened the doors to free trade. now they did this because of unions and blacks. because of osha and the epa. environmentalists. for the grand opportunity to take a large cut. break america's back for that arctic and offshore drilling. oops, deep horizon. break america's back for hydraulic fracking of natural gas. for export. and now keystone. selling and leasing of public lands. bend over a little more people. boehner is not through. the scaliwags haven't come yet.

The American people still have the largest stock pile of weapons in their homes and we need to keep it that way!!!!

naive American people the good days are over if you don't woke up sooneverything is made in China, our jobs are in China, our inventions are in Chinawhat is next We will be China if we don't wake up very soon.........

Half of them are probably defective like everything else that they make.

I feel like this is what the USSR felt like before those pesky Americans overtook them as the superpower of the world. Strange.

My tank is already back ordered with my LCD .China should make their own guns

Chinese?   I'm sure they're quite beyond conventional weaponry and working on 'delightful' alternatives ..... this is just a convenient smoke-screen .....

If men would put as much effort toward solving the world's problems as they do in creating weapons to kill each other with, I seriously doubt the world would have many problems at all. For that matter, there might even be World peace.  Guns are like lawyers. If you didn't have the first one, you wouldn't need any at all. Sad, when you think about it.

Gun fans tend to either ignore or reject the notion that most non-gun-fans accept that there are certain kinds of weapons we can have and certain kinds of weapons we can't, and shouldn't, have. Their view is, either I can have any weapon I want, or the Second Amendment is violated. Although the cool thing about American law is that we can have (and always have had) both gun control and the Second Amendment at the same time, many gun fans insist that we can't have both, that the former completely negates the latter and vice-versa.So, the question then becomes, if gun laws violate the Second Amendment by preventing me from having the particular weapon I want, even though there are any number of other weapons that I can have, why doesn't the price of that particular weapon also violate the Second Amendment for the same reason? If licensing, registration and background checks violate the Second Amendment by making me do things I don't want to do before I get my rightful gun, and as a condition of my getting my rightful gun, why doesn't the requirement that I pay money for that gun also violate the Second Amendment for the same reason?Every now and then I take this idea back to the forum boards and conduct another little improv act in one of the comment threads, trying to get both gun fans and gun-control advocates to come up with an honest, objective, principled distinction between gun laws and gun prices as impediments to gun ownership, and hence as infringements of gun rights and violations of the Second Amendment. No one can do it. Whether they realize I'm pulling their leg or not, and no matter which side they are on, they can't make an argument that distinguishes the two without resorting to false analogies, false statements about what the Constitution says or doesn't say, and subjective interpretations of the law and the Second Amendment (including more heaping helpings of the insufferable self-regard of gun fans).The best anyone has been able to do, albeit without realizing or admitting it, is to show that gun prices are an infringement that we're willing to tolerate and allow, because we're OK with who is doing the infringing and why. We understand that consumer goods cost money and we don't begrudge the manufacturers and sellers for doing their business and making a buck. We therefore don't perceive that anything is being maliciously "done to us" by anyone; no singular, conscious entity is deliberately "taking things away" or "violating our rights" or whatever. But if it's the law that gets in the way, then it's "The Government" or "The Liberals" or "Obama" or "The Gun Grabbers" or some other fictional Golem who's "doing this to us" out of arbitrary meanness. In other words, we don't see infringement in gun prices because we don't see an infringer, but we do see infringement in gun laws because we do see an infringer. Or, in the alternative, we don't see infringement in gun prices because we like the infringer and we like what the infringer is doing, but we do see infringement in gun laws because we don't like the infringer and therefore anything the infringer does is malevolent.The fact remains that no one on either side has been able to explain, in a logical way consistent with the text of the Constitution, an objective, principled reason why gun laws violate the Second Amendment but gun prices is not a violation.  It's not that I actually believe that gun prices infringe on anyone's rights -- I don't, and they don't -- but understanding the reason why, i.e., why one thing infringes and one doesn't, is just as important. If gun laws infringe but gun prices don't, what's the objective legal or constitutional principle that distinguishes them?

DUH!!!!!!

And this is why China is whooping our economic #$%$ they got style and taste I mean check out them stylish White Wall Tire 8 " Mobil Guns I mean when your out looting and pillaging only the cool kids are rockin white walls on there big guns

The Chinese are increasing their share of the World's always profitable arms industry, If Yahoo didn't share this story I would of never believed this possible that thge Chinese would do such a thing.

and to add to frank's comment they also have their people as slave workers that will work for pennies. we don't have a clue when it comes to how good we have it. but know this it could all change in the blink of an eye.

Arm's dealers will make sure the world is always at war because war is money.

So does that mean 1 time use they will break?China will take over just a matter of time.

We living in a SICK world, and the USA is just as evil as anybody else. I've been ashamed of my country far more times than ever I've been proud of it.

Quantity or quality?  Peace.

Do you really wanna use Chinese weapons? Hell they can't even make working toys.

7.62,and ak knock offs for everyone...YAY! and don't forget 99% of whats bought at walmart,,,

China's third world weapons good for third world nations like Pakistan. Cheap andunreliable just like many of its products.

guess who is financing all of those welfare checks? China

Eric Holder and the US GOV isn't Number 1.  Shocking.....  Well if it's like anything else that is made in China it will be broke in a few weeks.....

The #1 reason everything is made in China these days is union greed. Then let's not forget the American consumers who were not willing to pay for the cost of that greed. And lastly we have clinton &amp; obama with their trade agreements who made it all possible.

Again we're #1.USA,USA,USA,USAAll these weapons, what a waste on so many levels.  When are we going to evolve past warring with each other?  Ever?

I think the Mideastern Countries now have another supplier, besides Russia, to purchase weapons that will counter Israeli Aggression in the region.

The world is arming, the d'kraaps have been trying to de-arm the USA military for decades, and now, they want to take guns out of the hands of the militia, (American citizens).  WAKE UP!!

OBAMA LIED, PEOPLE DIED

China faces bans on Western military imports, after pro-democracy protests in and around Tiananmen Square in 1989.  They could still do trade under the table.

Made In China that never fires :DWell, China sells weapon that's good news, 90% malfunction, Chinese soldiers are trained to check their rifle and ammo on the battlefield, because they are never so sure what their government give them, trust me :DIn fact, they are more afraid their food than their guns

China is replacing USA in every field of life. God Bless America.

everyone knows made in china = junk, so let them sell their junk and watch the junk break

who cares....just stop wasting our taxpayers money on garbage such as this

Isn't EVERYTHING from China a knock-off?  So you wanna buy your weapons there?If walking into Wal Mart and seeing all the junk made in China is any sign, then I hope China continues to make weapons and supplies our enemies with them.  It's all junk that breaks and falls apart...their country literally has NO quality control on their products!

Human beings are incredibly ignorant. Instead of making and selling weapons to kill each other humans should be investing in clean energy and pollution control. Humans survive on the natural ecosystem of the planet. You can not eat a tank.

Comparable to Russian or Western weapons?  Russian weapons are junk, as the last 23 years have shown in Iraq.  Reuters reporters are idiots.  A man holds a gun at an exhibit, hardee, har and har.

China a top weapon exporter but they don;t dare let their citizens have any weapons because they know it would be used against those communist pigs

The god of the DNC made sure he purchased helicopters from China!

like most other things, China will be #1 exporter in arms sale soon. it's pathetic.

And this surprises who???? Wake up Obama....

Good.  Maybe they can arm Syrian rebels instead of us.

Obama and liberals told me gun violence will stop if we ban guns. Maybe the UN should ban guns, ban the US from owning guns, and see what happens

Rule #1: Beware the corporate bottom line. Rule #2 (close second): Beware of China.Gotta admit, they make a mean AK-47.

I would not want to rely on the quality of Chinese equipment to defend my country!

I hate white wall tires, letter wall tires are O.K. on a Grand turino .

Yes, let us not forget the USA is #1.  But I'm sure the Obama clique will work to remove us from our #1 status................and Russia, China and other countries will take up the slack, leaving more and  more unemployment in the U.S.

they are all made up of that cheap minerals they are using in our every day power tools that are sold at LOWES. "made in china" life time warranty...and ou wonder why they are life time warranty..because they fall apart! something that has 20 year warranty is guarateed to last 20 years or more...you know we will never live forever..so why is it lifetime warranty??? let that sink in..very slowly..dont rush it

This is what China does with it's capitalism... and Obama admires them... sick

You libs can thank Obama for completely #$%$-up the United States. The guy is on a mission to totally undermine the United States. When he tries for his third term, you might finally get the message.

According to the liberal idiots, the N.R.A. is the world's largest arms exporter. Of course, they also think Obama is a Christians, was born in the U.S., and is the "greatest president in history."

It makes me so proud that we lead the world in selling guns and using them.  what a great country.  A big killing machine. Led by Republicans.

Shame on the U.S.In a fair gun fight I would prefer a british weapon over a #$%$ piece. Reliability!

The fact that Pakistan is a big recipient of Chinese arms should come as no surprise to the U.S.  When the CIA was helping Pakistan/ISI to organize and arm the muhajadeen to fight the Soviets back in the '80's, a large percentage of the ammo supplied to the mahajadeen came from China, with the blessing of the CIA.

Make fun of them, put them down, ignore them, but in the end they are not our friends and we are letting them take over the world and space as we become a weak socialist nation rip for destruction.

I don't believe I'd like firing a Chinese made weapon, it would probably blow up in my hand. Safer to play Russian Roulette.

We better kill all the #$%$ before its too late. They will take over the world. Just watch.

And yes we are still the number one exporter of killing machines. 6 times what China exports. 30% to China's 5%. It's nothing to be proud of.

Attention Chinese leaders,Do not sell your souls to the devil like US leaders and cause havoc on the world!I know you just privatized your military industrial complex!Do not worship Satan like Westerners!

Not surprising with the weak leadership in this country since 2008

The only way to stop China is to stop buying the #$%$ they sell.

Let's see, disarm the citizens and meanwhile arm the rest of the world.If these weapons are like anything else made in China, they won`t last long. LOL

if you sell that Made in China weapon knock out price on ebay and amazon, trust me, you will get a bad feedback for every deal you make, they gonna cease your selling account for selling fake stuff within one month.

BREAKING NEWS!!!!    China taking over as the worlds # 1 Superpower .............................  Thanks Washinton D.C............. your self-serving greedy incompetence has America on the verge of total collapse.............Not only SAD, but SICKENING..... Impeach the traitors!!

Hay NRA.....China needs you.... good riddance

See what happen when you don't stop buying, "Made in China."

LoL! Whitewalls on an artillery cannon!!

You will need a full face shield protection to shoot any gun made from China! you will definitely got yourself killed by the recoil itself.Cheap parts, cheap labors! China is the champion...

This is what we get for giving China all our business and debt.  It's almost as if WWIII is being set up to happen 30-40 years from now.

And the UN wants the US to sign on to a "small arms ban treaty." What a crock; this is nothing more than an attempt to 1) destroy US sovereignty &amp; 2) disarm the US militia, which is the real national defense of the US.Woodrow Wilson sold out Germany after WW1 so he could have his "League of Nations," which has morphed into what we now know as the UN. His dream has become our nightmare.

Is the US rated 6th, or would US arms exports be statistically grouped with China, since China owns the US?Soon to be at Wal-Mart. If you mention the NRA you get a 10% discount on diapers.

Best thing that could happen for world peace. Their equipment is such total #$%$ that any war fought with chinese war materials would be very short indeed.

To the ignorant #$%$ thinking China makes poor weapons: your iPhone, iPad are made in china and they also have a space program about to overtake us so pull your heads out from under. Every thing you own is practically made in China, I rarely see made in U.S!

When all of our great Harvard &amp; Yale MBAs decided it was great to outsource our US manufacturing, engineering and IT, they handed our technology to the Chinese the greatest advancing their military technology without even knowing it. They are laughing all the way to the bank making China a military power and too stupid to know it.

RPGs coming to a Walmart near you! Can't stop it, the NRA says it's your right.

Now thats an admirable endeavor. BTW, five veto-wielding permanent members of the UN secuity council are the worlds largest arms suppliers. Anyone see anything wrong with this picture?

China thanks the U.S. politicians and U.S. Corporations for the patrioticcontribution to their growth.

three fourths of the world is covered by ocean, and The Chinese PLAN, still trails the U.S Navy , Japan, South Korea,  the NATO fleet, India, and Russia.NATO

China is also using their wealth to push into american domestic policy they are for gun control in the usa because if it ever comes to war an unarmed populace con do very little. They are also are buying up movie theaters across the usa so hollywood will eventually be forced to promote their agenda. Since there is centralized planning in china they can build up any type of company in china and when the american equivelent runs into any problem they can run in and buy that is how they are going to own our country and the reason why the buy so much of our debt they have us buy the balls. As for weapons sales part of it is for money but it is also used to develope trading and strategic alliances with these countries as technology is making it easier for these economies to grow faster and since they are armed will create more headaches for usa foriegn policy. The chinese leadership looks at time very different from the usa as our leaders political lives are always at stake and are always running for their next race as the chinese are planning ten,twenty,fifty,one hundred years to the future. Another smart move they do is flood our nation with their people who when they go to the voting booth will vote what is best for china who they tend to be pretty nationalistic towards china

nip them in the budI need to get me sum guided rockets in case Obama decides to put me on the target list.

uh ohhh.......You know the white man don't like competition in the weapons game......he's already nervous about China's large number of foot soldiers....Now China is trying to break into the high tech weapons market...don't worry white man...they will spend themselves broke like you did playing the arm's race game.

Never had much use for Chinese made weapons but if they have gotten better....Personally I like the Russian made best, less jamming, less sensitive to field conditions than most American weapons that are machined to close

often their gun backfires :Djust like their army, often use to suppress their people :D

I don't know if I'd like to be using one of those weapons.

no worries, Chinese weapons will break after about 2 weeks of use.

China can make a tv, mp3, computer or a tablet/ cellphone but my pistol or rifle hell no. The things they make are still useless garbage just cheap useless garbage. You can easily replace it when they go bad.

China sells their made garbage to other countries, but itself buys only Russian.

We are supplying the money for them to do this everytime you choose the cheap china junk. Look for American and put pressure on companies to start bring jobs back as some have started to do together WE THE PEOPLE... can get our country back on course

too bad everything made in China breaks after 6 monthsI'm sure that has nothing to do with who has been in the whitehouse during that time period, when you have a fellow comrad turning a blind eye and telling them just loan me the money I don't care what you do.

If there weren't a China, there wouldn't be no Walmart

We in the US dominate the market by exporting 30%, 2nd Russia 24%, 3rd Germany 9%, 4th France 8%. China beat the UK for the 5th spot by increasing from 4% to 5% in 2012. -source SIPRI

"arms exporter"    there's just something wrong about that.

The greatest socialist country in the not the greatest capitalist country in the world. How times a times have changed but money is still king everywhere.

And where did Peckerstain get the money to buy weapons? From you and me. Thanks Uncle Sam.

The answer to 99 out of 100 questions is money.

If Obama had total control over us, he would eliminate our nuclear arsenal - he has directly stated that...and he would have us be at the mercy of our enemies.

What this article fails to mention is that the top exporter of arms and ammunition is still the USA.

also, Afghanistan signed a major mineral rights deal with China, leaving the US out in the cold...but according to the left wing democrats, Obama and Hillary are great at foreign policy. LOLStart learning your Mandarin and Cantonese.

get a clue people. Your government sold $600 billion in small arms to afghanistan (including assault rifles) but they want to limit what we can buy here. THAT makes no sense.

And the number one ranking goes to............United States

I'm disappointed that those guns have the wide, white-walls I've been looking for.

made in China - Got a catchy ring to it, hasn't it? something original...

Clinton sold the Chinese our nuke plans.....

If their weapons are as high quality as all the other #$%$ they make then we don't have anything to worry about.

Things will only get worst in a few years time when China begins exporting their J-20 stealth fighter jet which was developed with the assistance from a former Northrop engineer who worked on the B-2 Stealth bomber program.

We need to fire all the people in politics and start over

I think the US has to rethink some things. We can no longer afford to be the world's Police. Maybe China can take over some of those duties and help in the fight against international terrorism. Russia seems to be willing to arm and back terrorist regimes so China would be the likely candidate for the job.How to you think the once mighty British, French and Spaniard felt when the U.S became a superpower? Well, maybe its our time to bow down to #$%$ greater than you, a Chinese #$%$ greater than us.

AK-47 Kalashnikov killed more people than tanks, bombers, navy ships, artillery,missiles and bombs for the past 45 years.  Russia and China produces millions of AKs.

You better tell socialist Obama to STOP messing with the U.S military budget and massive cut off. Because our children in the future will be crying when RED CHINA takes over. Laugh now...cry later.

interesting, with all the gun control rhetoric going around with a lot of lip service touting britains gun control policy, its interesting that these same people failed to mention how britain profits from guns going to other countries. they were in the top five arms exporters in the world. yet more hypocrysy from the progressives of the world, you subjects cant have a gun but everyone outside the kingdom can, for a price.

Best thing is Chinese arms are disposable after a few uses you need to buy replacements. Those crafty Chinese always better Capitalists than Communists.

Let's hear it from those who condemn China for doing this, when our government does it on a much larger scale.

U.S Demilitarization, Higher Taxes to all, Banned on legal assault rifle (98% of guns in use in crimes are HANDGUNS), Gay marriage (not priority) and semi socialism.-Obamanation-         one step closer to submission to China.

Well,if it's like the rest of their #$%$, It'll probably kill the user.

And so the escalation begins internationally - wish I was a little older so I couldsay ' ' I hope to be dead before the big one's (plural) start ' '

If there arms are not any better then the other junk they produce. One clip and you stopthe war and return it to walmart for a refund. If it say's china on it I exhaust all my option's.before I buy it.I was starting to wonder where a dirt poor country with a majority of the population living in poverty gets money to buy arms.. it all makes sense now.  hahahah true American idiots.. borrow money from China, owe them Trillions, give millions in 'Aid' money to Pakistan who inturn spend the money buying arms from China lollll  all while American families are jobless, lose their homes and many are forced to live in shelters.  Keep doing this and soon Pakistan will be richer than you xDD

You can buy Chinese weapons at 99c stores everywhere (quality not guaranteed).

did i read germany is 3rd? a country that has caused not one but TWO world wars is tops in supplying the world for destruction? things that make u say #$%$"

We're number one in this game, which is obscured in this article. Big bucks here.

The top supplier by FAR is God. He gives us our fists!

American billionaire's  are selling out our country to China

they could make a ton of $ selling 5.56, they have in the past supplied 1000's m193 spec rounds in the u.s.. now it would be a fish-in-a-barrel profit frenzy.

Well we know who is going to supply amerikans with weapons

I have to admit one thing, the SKS that I owned was one of the best I had ever fired.  It was of the Chinese manufacture.  That SKS never failed, regardless of anything I did to it.  Now, I am sorry I traded it off for something else I wanted at the time.I really decked it out and turned an excellent profit.  Folding stock, detachable magazines, special optical sights, the whole nine yards.LOL!!

Who is number 1????? why talk about 3-5Sell military weapons to potential enemies around the world... limit magazine ammo and ban military "look-a-like" weapons at home.....  Something seems wrong here.

I had no idea that Pakistan had a Navy.

You why war is the biggest business here? Go figure.  That is why there can never be peace. Peace does not make money. War does.

they are AA guns basing off of the dampening tubes you can make out in the pics, however with that said I can tell just from the pic it borrows from a WWII german design (flak 36/37) but obviously a smaller caliber.  with that said it mab also be used for ground targets ( the german 36/37 was used mainly for anti-tank roles but it was an 88mm gun, these look to be closer to the US 25mm.

if they build their weapons as cheaply as they build everything else then we have nothing to worry about.

China faces bans on Western military imports, dating back to anger over its crushing of pro-democracy protests in and around Tiananmen Square in 1989___________________________________________________________those 1989 was just an excuse to exclude china from purchasing their product.they realized that china was able to reverse engineer their weapons . china is fast learner.they are worried that china might surpass them in less 10 years time if their weapons are freely sold to them.reverse engineer is a legal way acceptable to the world. it was not considered an infringement of intellectual property.many lay man does not know this. always talk #$%$ on the yahoo forum.britain intend to lift arms embargo on syrian- crackdown on demonstrationeygpt embargo liftindonesia embrago liftwestern nation are not willing to lift those illegal embargo on china.remember last year that eu was discussing this issue.america applied their pressure and threaten the eu if they go ahead, america pull out his troops.all embargo has nothing to do with 1989 crackdown, merely an excuse used by america to denied china free and fair access to market.america concerns that china would surpass them in technology field in weapon manufacturing.america cited this  quite often when they threaten eu- not to lift up the embargo.america paranoid. america is fragile.

Would you want to go into war with your rifle (whatever) saying on it, "Made in China"? Good luck!

I'm looking forward to WWIII

we are having billionaire's in our country that are selling our country to China for profit

I'm still waiting for the niddler. I'll buy it when they make one.It's good to be the King.

They are the second largest economy and only the fifth ranked arms suppliers? White nations are still the sellers of deadly weapons -- while borrowing boatloads of money from China.

I thought it would have been Canada. It only takes a few cracks about your country before the whole nation snaps...

No surprise there. it's just a small part of their growing. Africa is much bigger.

I never seen a Chinese official stand for human rights abroad in my life. Think about that when you buy Chinese Lenovo computers.

I'm quite surprised China ranks that low on the list actually.

teach one to fish.... well, u got the point.

There will never be peace in this world when largest arms dealers are the 7 perminate members of the UN Security Council.

"Main recipient PAKISTAN" am I the only one bothered by this? anyone? anyone!? ..

they have the right's to lithium mines in afganthey have the right's to lithium mines in afgan

THE BARRELS WILL BLOW UP!

China has a 25% tariff on all goods imported - why are WE not doing this back to china congress?? They do NOT have to pay for labor laws, pollution laws, unions, etc

Chinese claim over Taiwan has only been an excuse in developing advanced weapons.  They have aimed at certain target with or without Taiwan.

We are arming the rest of the world, but the dems want to disarm america ? I can't find anything wrong with that logic.

Who's exporting legs?

why do soviet muzzle brakes look like that?

The fact of the matter is it only take a $300 gun to make the similar difference that would be nice to have a $3,000 gun do.

Looks like China is carbon copying the US! At least when it comes to building death tools then selling them to other pigs to control and kill people!. I hope they never copy Americas habit of invading other foreign lands using lies and greed to justify the invasions like America has done over and over again!

China's technology is nowhere near our top military hardwares, but they have what it takes  to call the shots on their turf.China's technology is nowhere near our top military hardwares, but they have what it takes  to call the shots on their turf.

Leave it to Obama to tell us not to worry about China.

China sells weapons to Pakistan from funds the US has borrowed from China. Then Pakistan gives the weapons to the Taliban who in turns kills our troops. We need more troops so more money is being borrowed from China. I'm 30 and I will refuse to pay China any money for all their money they loaned the US. Lets balance the budget and then tell China that they are screwed on the iou's.

Hey, if the Democrats won't let US by USA made weapons maybe we can but Chinese versions. :-)

now this is what i have been saying on here for so long and it never seems to get much attention. here our govt. is trying to take away our Constitutional right to bear arms, yet they are the world's largest arms dealer, both large and small arms. and i have given the info out so often, especially when ole obama starts yammering away about taking our guns, that the 5 permanent united nations security council nations, u.s., russia, great britain, china, and france, are the largest arms dealers in the world. remember, it was never about gun control in America, it has always been about control. remember what ole chairman mao said over in communist china," political power grows from the barrel of a gun",  nuff said. now put piece together with the united nations treaty that will be coming up in a few days, that our glorious leader and his ambassador have pledged to sign that if signed is suppose to supersede our 2nd amendment. we have been warning about this since the treaty was being lightly spoke of last year. world domination by a single entity is still and has always been the end goal, with the destruction of America as we know it. soon enough the u.n will be sending in troops to disarm us, and then we become the country of the month to be on cnn being watched as we devolve into civil war, just like what is happening in the middle east. these people want nothing but chaos, because chaos pays very well. the united nations has stated that no civilian will own a gun. tyranny is coming, and no one will be able to run and hide except for the extremely wealthy, the rest of us are going to be in the cross hairs of some very mean people that don't care much for us as it is with united nations backing. and as ole obama and our pentagon have said just late last yr. if the united nations tells us to go fight somewhere we go, we don't need congress's permission.

I am so proud that this nation leads the world in exporting guns.  We also lead the world in shooting those guns.  How wonderful.

We should buy ours from China, that's where we get everything else. Be a good way to cut spending.

Obama is selling the USA out in every way he can think of.  He is a Communist mole.

But no one will ever pass the US as the #1 arms dealer in the world.

China is well on it's way to becoming the World Super Power we all know it will. They have the means and the will to succeed. Also, the average Chinese mind is far superior to the average American. We all better learn Chinese pretty soon.Irony... China doesnt have a single military base outside it's geographical boundries; not a ONE.  Yet they are effectively beating us in all aspects of economy and globalization..  To bad the GOP wiped thier collective #$%$ with Ron Paul..  As kooky as that guy came across he was right 99% of the time..

Keep shopping at Walmart and see what your money gets you.

Do you think the Chinese are going to limit their the AR magazine capacity to 10 rounds? Hell No!! When it comes time to fight with us, they will be sending so many AK rounds down our throats, it won't be funny. Congress thinks making laws to limit our people almost as important as worrying about them getting paid vacation time during sequester. We're screwed...

people quit trying to be funny. you are all stupid. arms kill and we need to elect leaders who are talkers not killers.

again , OBAMA IS THE # 1 SALESMAN IN THE COUNTRY , ALL BECAUSE HE STARTED RUNNING IS MOUTH  OVER '' SANDY HOOK '''    HE HAS RUN IT AND STARTED #$%$ . LOOK HOW MANY HAVE BOUGHT WEAPONS , ITS AMAZING WHAT DING BAT HAS  DONE FOR  ''GUN  ''  SALES ,,THANK YOU DUM #$%$ ..................

China has the largest Air Force and Army in the world. The quality of their jets are now superb. Example eight months ago INDIAN AIR FORCE PILOTS flying Chinese Copies of SU-35 Flankers won Seven out of Ten Dogfights with U.S. AIR FORCE pilots flying F-15 Eagles. THIS TOP GUN Training shows how fast China has improved their jets. By the way our Computer studies show that on a Modern Battlefield the USA has no advantage. We will lose many men and jets, the Chinese can afford the loses and still win.

China already owns the planet we all just dont know it yet..

I blame 0 bama

If we are not careful china is going to own us one day or kick or butts trying. hope I am now around then and I hope I am WRONG

Winston Churchill said a very interesting thing about China.. he said "Beware if the sleeping dragon (China) awakens" he was right.. to be honest I'm not against China.. they build themselves up from scratch and became both a military and economic super power... I just hope they don't fall in the same mistake we did here in america.. which is get involved in wars.. because lets face it.. War is what destroyed us.the next thing you know old jeds a millionaire.

Chinese Weapons, are you kidding me? They are no good but of course they are cheap.

NRA is right we need to have powerful weapons to combat other Countries.

Guess they forgot to mention who the #1 arms exporter is by a huge margin.  That's right, it's the good old USA.

china might produce more but they're probably made out of pvc pipe

but the U.S.A federal government is trying to take a handful of gun out of AMERICA, that way when their counterparts come we wont be able to defend ourselves and they(the federal government) can say they did everything they could to stop the country being taken over

There is just no way that we should feel proud the US is the largest world arms exporter. That has nothing to do with our second amendment or any such thing. It's disgusting, and it's all about money.

people dont realize it, but china owns a ton of land and american companies here in the states. china was about to build chinese cities in america but was shut down thru immigration laws. they've bought amc and were going to buy an entire us state. the united states government is giving alot of stuff away to china, soon china will own america. this is how you take over countries, not by guns, but with MONEY!

War is good business.

If the superpowers would feed these countries instead of arming them we might not have the problems we have these days.Stupid China does not know how to create a new weapons, they jus do like you do on computer that means Copy, and Paste.  then modified little stupid thing, and mane it Made in China.  They can fake whatever they want like Cake, meat, LV purse,Milk, .......there's no time to list , just know that Made in China..............is bad.

China's not there yet, but in time, Brit needs to answer for the opium war of a century pass

There is big money in war and the machines of war

Ironically, it's the ban on western military imports that drives the Chinese to develop their own weapons. A few decades ago the US government even stopped the Chinese from importing larger IBM computers, and kicked them out of the space program.

When the gun phobics used Sandy Hook to kick start their long held anti 2nd Amendment hopes,   China sent an official letter asking us to disarm.     Add China to the list of those who would love to  disarm the American people and wreck our gun industry.

Just like the Movie the Lords of War.India hates China buys Russian ArmsPakistan Hates India and buys Chinese Arms w/ USA dollars.and the USA TAX payers get RIP OFF from the cheney Corrupt war Contractors.I wonder if all those Countries like N. Korea and Iran have NRA memberships since they have the Right to bear arms too.

lets see, in a 'military' situation- your life depends on your weapons. I wouldn't want my life depending on anything made in china. In that dept I think I'd go with the Germans.

Well I guess we can go to war with whoever China supplies... Since most of their products are trash!!

I feel bad for the countries who buy Chinese made weapons, I bet the fall apart very easy

just realistic thinking, our jobs in China, our inventions in China our coutry's dept in Chinaare you people blind or just day dreaming ????please dont be china, please dont be china.....awe damnit not china.

Weapons made in China using Russian designs. Mass-produced, cheap, easily replaced when the rubber band doesn't work or the batteries go dead.

We give foreign aid, and then countries use it to buy weapons- but we are the ones suffering from cuts? How about we cut all aid? I know it is not that simple, but there should be a contingency if arms are purchased, we stop all aid.

'Pat Benatar - Love Is A Battlefield'We are young, heartache to heartache we standNo promises, no demandsLove Is A BattlefieldWe are strong, no one can tell us we're wrongSearchin' our hearts for so long, both of us knowingLove Is A BattlefieldYou're beggin' me to go, you're makin' me stayWhy do you hurt me so bad?It would help me to knowDo I stand in your way, or am I the best thing you've had?Believe me, believe me, I can't tell you whyBut I'm trapped by your love, and I'm chained to your sideWe are young, heartache to heartache we standNo promises, no demandsLove Is A BattlefieldWe are strong, no one can tell us we're wrongSearchin' our hearts for so long, both of us knowingLove Is A BattlefieldWe're losing controlWill you turn me away or touch me deep inside?And before this gets old, will it still feel the same?There's no way this will dieBut if we get much closer, I could lose controlAnd if your heart surrenders, you'll need me to holdWe are young, heartache to heartache we standNo promises, no demandsLove Is A BattlefieldWe are strong, no one can tell us we're wrongSearchin' our hearts for so long, both of us knowingLove Is A BattlefieldWe are young, heartache to heartache we standNo promises, no demandsLove Is A BattlefieldWe are strong, no one can tell us we're wrongSearchin' our hearts for so long, both of us knowingLove Is A Battlefield

Lovely, now they own our debt and our weapons.

"Pakistan - which accounted for 55 percent of Chinese arms exports - is likely to remain the largest recipient of Chinese arms in the coming years due to large outstanding and planned orders for combat aircraft, submarines and frigates," SIPRI said.And all with your tax dollars, and Pakistan is not our ally but receives all sorts of nice allotments from the US.

China can't feed its own people with out the Midwest or brazil !!!! War will never break out!!!!!

Once again, #$%$ CHINA!!!!!

FFFFFFFFFF UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU             KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Cheap Chineese #$%$ is Cheap Chinese #$%$.... I wonder if they stock it a Walmart.and they want to limit our guns in u.s.

Look at those white walls. Reminds me of my grandpa's cadi when I was a kid.

Huge news? News would be it takes American spot...it's coming, we just don't know when.

Merchant of death.

"information about the performance of their weapons is scarce"??the chinese have been stealing our ideas in every aspect imaginable.why would weapons be any different?

obama will outsource defense to china.

face it - the chinese economy is replacing the western democracies due to the fact that our manufacturing and therefore our research and developement has been outsourced by bottom liners. Who are the bottom liners? The wall street backed CEO's that Boehner is protecting from being taxed

The UN should ban guns and stop the US from having them. According to liberal, gun violence will no longer exist

And we  gave it to them and our leaders are  involved with the  arms  they are manufacturingObama  congress and  the wall street crew . Money is what they want  dollars and there trying to kill America  with there master plan . He is a communist thats a fact .

We should have listened to MacArthur.China is not our friend.And we  gave it to them and our leaders are  involved with the  arms  they are manufacturingObama  congress and  the wall street crew . Money is what they want  dollars and there trying to kill America  with there master plan . He is a communist thats a fact .

We should have listened to MacArthur.China is not our friend.

as long as stupid petty dictators want to fight wars and suppress their own populations, someone will be selling the fire power, but enough about Obama.

It is like a Greek tragedy. We create China's wealth, bring their people over here to take our jobs, then they sell weapons probably created by Americans but built in China, to Pakistan to kill us. Can I get an Oedipus

"U.S. court pressures Obama for drone policy details - Pentagon stops production of new medal honoring drone pilots" .... we are a peaceful nation and our president won the Nobel Peace Prize ~ even though he's been killing people since he took office~! Ironic, huh?

hmm.  china the top exporter of firearms.  Can we send michelle feinstein over there so she can try to ban weapons over there?  Get that lib-bit out of our hair for a while....

Asians have small missiles!

Just goes to show.  We Americans need to buy more guns to keep them out of the hands of rogue states.  Just doing our part to make the world a little safer.

There is alot of money to be made in the killing machines. Ask the NRA

peaceAustralia was attacked by Europeans skuttles NATIVES Lands GloballypeaceGDP is not ATTACHED to foreign money exchange RATE is Fraudulant terms,,

peaceCanada border and Mexico border of USA,,,incites prejudice exploitation between neighbors

peace1999 WAR oathers tarades unsequestables MAFIA FAMILIES of Democracy cartel Business holds exclusive in DRUG CARTELS of Amsterdam never faced WAR on DRUGS

peaceCorruptors MARKER objects to point and Line

peace200 NAUTICAL miles set LIMITATION of MILITARY

peaceRoman Empires  violates BORDER LAWS

peace200 nautical Ocean border range set guage line of MILITARY exiting border Range = Aggressorship not Defense

The Obama regime cuts our military while China is growing theirs... how many years until war?

These Chinese are going to get us you guys!

And they make almost all of our shoes... when we go to war with China, it'll be in our bare feet.Here we go again...

great

Do commentators here thinks that those who are giving money to Pakistan are fools and you are genius. This is not so simple. Billions of Dollars are involved. Americans do not help others without any favour.

If they can make a space ship fly, they can make your ego fly.

At least they are now selling goods that are supposed to have lead in them.

Well don't this beat all--Borrow from China to help China.  What a game plan.

If not for Fast and Furious we would be second.

What stupid country is buying products made in China?

ameriCON KAPITALIZM @ WERK???

Well to my way of thinking, anyone waging war on those armed with Chinese weapons stand a really good chance of wining.Well to my way of thinking, anyone waging war on those armed with Chinese weapons stand a really good chance of wining.

LOVE thoze WHITEWALLZ!!!

Is China the #1 seller of arms to N Korea, Pakistan, iran....?  Where does america rank?

It would be very interesting to examine the shipment invoices from all three of these major arms dealers, or manufacturers to find out the truth as to who, or whom all these shipments of arms went to, humm!!! maybe the drug cartels? maybe the al-kaida? maybe the Taliban? maybe the Farc group in Colombia? how about all of the gun sellers at our local gun shows???

Now all the tires need are spinners lol

Due to american greed which followed the history of UK greed, we just created a super power out of china who has 400% higher population density of the US.  This means that because we put the UK into a 100 year resession based on our population density of the US during the United States Industrial revolution.  China will put the US into recession for the next 400 years once it completes the aquirement of all US basic technology.  Meaning Manufacturing was first, now copying our military and aerospace.Way to go US greedy corporations, you just sealed our fate over the last 10 years to save 25 cents on my wiperblades at wal-mart.Wal-mart, target, and every other cheap A@# person who buys chinese made garbage is to blame for the chinese up rising and thier rise to super power.The mear fact they are selling weapons to a terorrist nation should speak volumes to the fact they are arming our enimies.

Ahhh, nothing like spending money on killing one another to make your day.

Makes you wonder if terrorists really exist. I was reading another article, delineating that the US &amp; Russia sells weapons to every country on this planet, including the middle east.  Our soldiers (relatives, friends, or next door neighbors) are being killed by weapons made in the USA.

Just what we need more weapons.

Is America really that stupid? Borrow money from China to give to the Pakistan and them using our money to buy weapons from China? I hope we are just playing pretend stupid, this nation will be in ruins, I just hope I'll be dead by then.Is America really that stupid? Borrow money from China to give to the Pakistan and them using our money to buy weapons from China? I hope we are just playing pretend stupid, this nation will be in ruins, I just hope I'll be dead by then.

China might have a stong economy, they might even have large capital reserves but China could never go toe to toe with America on any given day!!!!

Stop the madness

ok, its alright for our government to sell fully automatic weapons but we as "Americans" cant own one? #$%$ is going on in this country its about time we stand up for ourselves!!!

If nobody produces weapons, then perhaps they will only have fist fights , just get black eye and broken nose, haaaaah only dreaming . WEAPONS SALE IS WHERE THE MONEY IS.  So stop pretending to want peace ! O big weapon sellers say one thing and do another yeiks !

let's see: china is 5th, and there is as lot of buzz about it. so what about the 1st and 2nd exporters?

China plans to flood you again this year Pakistan

tell china to make AR-15's so we can flood the market with cheap guns and ammo. and put a pre ban date them. just like they did in 1994.because we can't keep up with the demand. and our but wipe Obama is buying up all of our ammo to try to stop us from being able from getting any.they use our tax payers dollars to buy up all of the ammo.and then want to ban all of are second amendment rights.come on china export massive amounts of cheap guns/ammo.

It's obama's fault like everything else right republicants?

The best and most reliable weapons on the market right now are the German's: The weapons utilized the best of the East and West German. The German did not make a big deal about selling weapons of war because the world still remember the past in world war 1 and 2.I'd rather worry about China developing its own civilian aviation industry. They're already manufacturing more automobiles then the US and Japan combined.

Why is everyone shouting about China selling weapons while we're #1 in weapons sale. America supplied to dictators and rogue states too. We usually scream, shout &amp;  condemn others when things don't go our way. China has right to sell weapons to any country it chooses as long it's legal and Pakistan also has right to purchase weapons from any country of its choice as long it's legal.They probably buy weapons cheaper from China. US can never compete with Chinese workforce because they work for less pay, which we Americans can't do! We can't work for $2 per hour.

Yes, Sharon! USInc borrows from China the $$$ we give to Pakistan to keep them at bay, so they can buy Made-In-China armaments while American taxpayers are footing the bill; adding insult to injury, having to pay interest on all that borrowed money, and white walls cost extra! US policy makers should have read &amp; understood "The Art of War", by Sun Tzu, written many centuries ago. It advises: "Know, understand your enemy and its needs".

There comes a turning point in every civilization where it can go on to greatness or destroy itself. Our time is close, only with the weapons we have now, it could mean the end of all human life on Earth! As people reveal their true nature more and more, perhaps that's not such a bad idea! What with the greed and selfishness and lust for power, not to mention all the religious fanatics that want to kill everyone for not thinking like they do, I'd be tempted to push the button myself!

God Bless America ??   LOL

55% of Chinese arms are exported to one country - Pakistan, a country that survives on US handout. And how will Pakistan pay China??? Maybe Pak Women???

a military #$%$ contest!!!   like a bunch of kids with fireworks, aiming to see who can blow up the most #$%$!!!...and who will suffer the consequences?????......Our children, and their children.   this world is in such a sad state.......God help us ALL....  :  (

So we want to dearm our citizens but arm the world.  very sad

There is huge profits to be from the manufacture of weapons. Weapons that of  which are created on the behalf of the  many Military Industrial Complexes which have grown throughout the world. Weapons are made for WAR. In WAR there is huge profits to be made. We are evolving to such an extent that large percentages of the human race can be eliminated without the introduction of disease. Perhaps in the near future we can expect a cure for the curable cancer. The complexities of our society have no rules. We have an epidemic which rules the world at lease for the present. Does any one being have the ability to change fate. I often wonder if Mars once held water, human beings and  life all of which evolved to the heightened state of total destruction. Perhaps when we look at that planet we are actually seeing ourselves. You of course are aware of the end of the Self. And finally a more practical approach is to just let computers/ tech do it for us that would be much more efficient and predictable. I don't read responses to my posts To argue is such a waste of time. Thanks.

Whoo hoo! At least we're still #1 at something...china is exporting terrorrism

I recall we use to laugh at the Japanese products also!

America Will have future "conflicts" with China, We borrow massive amounts of money to send to Pakistan as well as other enemies and instead of "fixing-Up' they're just buying loads of weapons with OUR money which OUR POTUS just "gives" away, while we're facing financial meltdown and horrendous taxes to pay for it!The problem comes into play as China doesn't really have the raw Materials needed to do ALL the Production WE used to do. They have Plenty of Money, Workers, and Plants/Factories. They don't want us to "Pay them back" in Money-They want "plots" of land that they can mine for the raw materials they need, That is how our POTUS has been thinking of doing to re-pay our dept! I'm not making this up, and in China NoOne but the Law/Military are allowed to own a weapon, That's what China is pushing Obama to try and do, Dis-Arm us so When these "plots" of land are "Given" and they put up a Fence, Towers and their own Embassays , the American people will not be able to Rise up! Do some real research and you'll see.

Only a matter of time before one rogue nation or another uses a nuke to take out one of our carrier groups, what happens then? We protest to the UN, lotsa good that will do..

oh, ya, didn't these guys invent let me think... GUN POWDER!!!

Shocking as 1870.

military weapons industries that's why we never gonna find peace in this world.all goverment from every contry must say stop and  make world peace for good thats what everybody needs and maybe that way we can be happy.Please be aware that we hurting innocent people.

China will be selling weapons to the world much like they are selling T-shirts to us in Walmart. Very soon they will take the top place.

More shabby journalistic coverage: making a big deal about what countries are exchanging places for place 5 on the list....gets everyone shaking their heads and distracted.  Instead of wringing your hands about what the Swedish institute SIPRI reports is about 5% of the global arms market, get a load of the actual state of affairs....here's the exact figures from the SIPRI report executive summary:  "According to SIPRI, the five largest suppliers of major conventional weapons in 2008-2012 were the United States, which accounted for 30 percent of global arms exports, Russia (26 percent), Germany (7 percent), France (6 percent) and China (5 percent)."Should we really be wringing our hands about numbers 4, or 5 or 6?I guess it's just not news, or newsworthy, about who the REAL leading arms exporters are....

it's a amazing how the USA gives hundreds of millions of dollars to other countries and they use that money on weapons to fight against America. And the idiots in charge of our foreign aid dept doesn't care.it's a amazing how the USA gives hundreds of millions of dollars to other countries and they use that money on weapons to fight against America. And the idiots in charge of our foreign aid dept doesn't care.

Wow. They kind of mentioned that the U.S. is the worlds number 1 arms dealer, but not quite. Good U.S. government propaganda piece though.

Education or guns.  Take your pic.

And then on to the Taliban.

When is America going to pull the plug to this mutha f...s it doesn't make any sense to share our technology so it can be use against us. Fu.. rich sellouts, no patriosm.

I thought Holden was number one,go figure

Our modern world is insane.

Nice to know "the cold war ended"! Wish there were some sort of noticeable peace. I am glad to be in the U.S. And happy to pay taxes to at least feel like the world is a peaceful place.

I wood be scared to buy a china made gun

I have a Chinese Ak that I wouldn't trade for any AR! I'm just saying.I wood be scared to buy a china made gun

I have a Chinese Ak that I wouldn't trade for any AR! I'm just saying.

Good Camouflage...especially at night...

why shouldn't the United States lose their drive look at the leaders we have. sad when your countries problems come last to the leaders. pitiful, Washington needs a good spring cleaning and replace the leadership with Americans.

Buying chinese built weapons? No thanks, I want my rifle to last the entire deployment, not break down after a month. chinese weapons are as good as their walmart products; cheap and ineffective...

Yeah, I wouldn't bet my life on inferior chinese made #$%$.

I'm wondering how many US companies selling our country for evil money?

where does all the money go that we make in this weapon selling?

5% of the world market and Reuteur makes it sound like China is the largest purveyor of weapon of mass destruction; pathetic!

Almost all of the automatic weapons found in Mexico are actually of Chinese manufacture. Essentially all of the automatic weapons found in India are also Chinese.Well it's about time. Clinton Gave them the technology, Loral aerospace(who got the contract because Nancy Palosi's son worked there and her husband owns tons of stock in the company), Loral taught them how to read and make sense of our missile and rocket technology, and Obama who's been spoon feeding them tons of business because as he dunks our economy, China's elevates. It's obvious that those that said that the modern Left wing of America orginated with the help russian spies that have sought to destroy America from within. They were ambitious and thought it would have fallen a long time ago, but all leftist groups such as the nature conservency and all nature projects, as well clean tech politicians and so many others have always felt that if they keep us too busy dealing with the demands of the left, we wouldn't be able to keep up with our defense. Obama was the missing link and he's doing his best to destroy America or to at least set it up for the continued erosion that one leftist will one day be able to finalize the deal and destroy America. I thought we were too smart and sophisticated to put tyrants in our government, but it seems we're not to smart to be just plain stupid.

bwhaha good for them  guess we will know  that they  will all fall apart and break if you use them  kinda makes me feel alittle safer

Last four years? Hmmm, I think I see the problem.

that is like buying a gun from mexico

Why in Hell's name would you put whitewall tires on an artillery piece?

I am sure they are made out of hazardous waste and then painted black using lead paint!!

where is the sense in selling our technology to other people -- our out-dated technology maybe, but not the good stuff.

China wins, we lose.....fire everyone in Washington D.C., start over with responsible people.

So basically, just a cheaper version of Russian made weapons right?

Congress needs to put 25% tariffs on all Chinese goods - why do they not do ANYTHING?Congress needs to put 25% tariffs on all Chinese goods - why do they not do ANYTHING?

war for profit. who's making the money ?

I thought this was a story about Eric Holder.

In few yrs. China will gobble up  many small countries around its map including controversial Taiwan which China claims as its own baby.

I think the Chinese selling Pakistan weapons may be good for the US in the long run, since it will certainly move India in our direction and further from China and India is a much more powerful ally to have than Pakistan. Now if we can just put an end to all of the financial aid going to Pakistan.

this is unbelievable how did the powers that be in the united states let this happen?

Thanks to Nixon, Carter, Reagan, Bush father, Clinton, Bushit Jr. and OBUMMER!  Demz and Repukkkes are the worst enemies of America freedom and liberty!

So all the money we send to pakistan they spend buying weapons from china. I thinks it's time to stop sending aid to pakistan.

Let's just hope that these weapons are as #$%$ as all the other stuff made in China.

Pakistan has always been more of a threat to peace than Iran. Pakistan already has many nuclear weapons, lends out their nuclear scientists to other countries, their secret Intelligence(?) agencies created the Taliban, and they were hiding bin laden. They take our money and poke us in the eye.All people see the problem with Pakistans buying weapons from China with the money we gave them... except Obama.  You picked him last November now live with it !!

This is why the U.S. is always at war with someone or promoting a war since the XIX Century. For the U.S. war is a business as Dwight Eisenhower warned us in his presidential farewell address about the dangers of the Industrial Military Complex.

USA taking it up the Kazoo.

Give money to Pakiestan and it ends up in China .Good Job!

Its ok for our government to sell weapons to terrorists but they try to take ours away

The only surprise here is that Great Britain was in the top 5 at all.The truth of the matter is China would be higher on the list if they weren't so secretive. There's large parts of the world now where you can't swing a dead cat without hitting someone carrying a Chinese-made weapon. Do not underestimate their weapons-making capabilities for a second.

Don't worry about a thing,we've got a politically correct military that will kick their butt -- and all this political correctiveness is great for our soldiers moral as is demonstrated by how well they've been doing lately and our politicians sure do take care of them

Those chinese are taking over everything! Now they've cornered the market for selling five arms? Come on now, two  arms works well for most of us.

5th? Way to go China.

About time!About time!

A great day for world peace.

The UK is going down!Comments?

Who made China rich? Americans!  because stupid Americans are short-sighted! They see only immediate benefit of lower price and buy all poor quality items from China and destroyed all manufacturing in U.S.A.  For example, an employee at a pen manufacturer think "I will buy  pen made in USA but shoes made in China because only the guy making the shoe will lose job.  What they don't know is if shoe making guy lose his lose, he cannot buy the pen made in USA and thus the pen making guy will lose his diue to lack of customers.  Buy Made in USA.  Go see the store manager and insist on getting made in USA.  Especially tell this Walmart.  Walmart and Apple (iphone, ipad) made China rich and they have all weapons pointed at USA.  Wake up americans!

Guess that answers our question as to what these countries do with all the foreign aid money we tax-payers send over there.

It would appear they do not have an ammo shortage.

Cyber terrorist arming real terrorist. Better wipe them all out.

with luck the weapons will explode when fired

I'd like to see quality control reports on Chinese made weapons.  China does not have a tradition of making high quality, precision products.  I bet they stole the manufacturing technology and designs by hacking, or outright paying off people.China is becoming a country that will threaten the world.  The Chinese got their start to world dominance when the United States bestowed tax credits on U.S. corporations for sending millions of good paying middle class jobs and creating a thriving, profitable manufacturing base to China.  The billions of dollars sent to China for its goods belong in the hands of American families.Idiot American politicians should bring back all those outsourced jobs so Americans can get a job paying $20-25 an hour instead of a minimum wage job with no benefits at Walmart.

Federal Hypocrisy!! Do you get that?  The USA is #1 in arms sales in the world.  Its citizens could lose their right to own firearms; while the government would be making a profit from arms' sales.  Somethng just doesn't smell right.  Is this Denmark?.For every shipment, Senator Feinstein gets a cut.

While China beefs up its navy and other military obama and the liberals dems cut back our military.  Obama and the liberals are handing over the US to China and the rest of the world.  I hope all of you that voted for him will be happy living in a third world country.

The NRA will want more gun control if USA gun manufacturers lose sales to China

I cant wait to see what the NRA will say when they lose weapon sales to China

Obama and Holder are the largest supplier of arms to Mexican drug cartels.

they are spending more money on their military than ever and obama wants to cut ours.

who do you think North Korea got there mobile nuclear missle launchers from?

You're not abnormal Not Abnormal. You're just an a(obama)ss licking idiot!

Carefully Made In China, for American gun nuts.  Hope they all fire backwards!

If the make gun control stick then only the manufacturers will be gun controlled. Think about it......China , US, &amp; UK all have strict gun controls now ............If the make gun control stick then only the manufacturers will be gun controlled. Think about it......China , US, &amp; UK all have strict gun controls now ............

war around the world caused by america top exporter of weapons.all terrorist had america made weapons.

Hey liberals and obama ban guns, chinese guns won't exist in the US

All this focus on machines of death. We deserve extinction.

And how did China get that rich?  Figure it out. They got that rich because of the mostly greedy conservatives who move our manufacturing jobs out of thiscountry and into communist china instead.  They are traitors to their own country.  They also screw the working class and that's the main reason why we have an economic crisis.

GO CHINA

Cheap Chinese guns, welcome to WalMart.

china's biggest war asset is the sheer number of disposable bodies they have. massive numbers of people. if they ever came over the land bridge attacking from the western side of the united states, we would have our hands full dealing with their numbers. We would be able to contain and push them back, but they can keep on coming almost indefinitely, so our superior ability to neutralize any attacks would be the only thing saving us from being overrun entirely. Arabs seek to destroy our central government in one fell sweep, disorganizing our country's leadership and fracturing it, whereupon their followup would be through allies and implanted arabs within the country taking over locally with secreted arms. They are cruel and vicious surprise attackers, daybreak and nighttime being their favorite times and also national holidays and big public events and public transportation and buildings. They are craven when confronted on an even battlefield, however, and melt away into the landscape to survive to fight secretly by surprise another day. They will bedevil us for a long time to come until the back of their organizations is finally broken by their governments from within due to favorable trade agreements and alliances with the usa. The chinese can sustain huge losses of personnel before having to give it up. only attacking their homeland and inflicting huge losses on their lands and people will convince them they can lose, finally. when the attackers are cut off from their flanks and supplies, they will surrender peacefully in order to survive. those who surrender will be offered amnesty and a place in our country to live peaceably, though under guard for the rest of their lives, surveilled minutely.

Wow,scary,China with high tech long range weapons,and isnt it kinda ironic,a country that totes the label as one of the highest global arms dealers wants to take all the guns from it citizens,theres just something not quite right about that,how many third world misfit countrys have we supplied weapons to that have killed millions of innocent people including women and children?,and I wonder how many of those weapons are being used to kill our soldiers abroad?,and yet politicians will fight to keep guns out of the hands of the average Joe,the same polpticians who make millions off arms sales world wide.

I'm suprised China is not #1Wow,scary,China with high tech long range weapons,and isnt it kinda ironic,a country that totes the label as one of the highest global arms dealers wants to take all the guns from it citizens,theres just something not quite right about that,how many third world misfit countrys have we supplied weapons to that have killed millions of innocent people including women and children?,and I wonder how many of those weapons are being used to kill our soldiers abroad?,and yet politicians will fight to keep guns out of the hands of the average Joe,the same polpticians who make millions off arms sales world wide.

I'm suprised China is not #1

China invented gun powder!But Westerners took it and invented WMDs!China through out history invented things to benefit mankind!While Westerners through use WMDs to kill native indigenous people!

That rifle he is holding looks like a mated cross between a AR-15 and a L85A2

Red Dawn!  Bring it

Where is the WRA (world rifle association) when you need them?

With their penchant for cutting corners, will that junk work?

Obama is socialist puzzy, who hates his own military since day one. Look at his pasts, his protests, his actions and his demilitarization. Only China can stop North Korea, Obama can't.

So?

Hey Gabrille Gifford and hubby, why don't you and your democrat party go stage a weapon ban demonstration over in China and see what you get...Oh wait they don't have that freedom over there.  Please STOP trying to take US weapons, we need them more than ever. The armed citizen is our  first, front and foremost line of Homeland Security.  Tell your hubby if he is done playing politics with the AR he just bought, I'll buy it from him, legally of course.I wonder what the ranking would be if the weapons sold actually worked?

What the article fails to reveal is that while China is responsible for 5% of the worlds arms trade.The United States is responsible for 70% of the worlds arms sales. Its silly to try to teach our children not to be bully's when we are the chief nation of death and terror. The United States has become what President General Dwight D. Eisenhower warned us against,a military industrial complex .For nearly a decade you couldn't get congress to agree to pass legislation to purchase a box of paperclips. Recently congress passed unanimously a defense budget of $680,000,000,000 faster than a greased pig struck by lightning without so much as a whimper ! I hope the Nuclear Powered Aircraft Carriers they built are edible so we have something to eat when we can no longer afford food to buy food because we spent all our money on implements of war !

the soldiers are gonna get lead poisoning

Screw your other investments especially real estate.  Put your stock money in ARMS instead.

Where is Ozzy Osborne when you need him his song war pigs really does make a lot of sense

In the 20th Century -Governments murdered four times as many civilians as were killed in all the international and domestic wars combined. -Governments murdered millions more people than were killed by common criminals.Anyone who wants civilians to be disarmed is ignoring the real problem.

And so the Torch is passed to the very same enemy that started the COLD WAR. Communism! We dont even talk to Cuba, but we get in bed with China! They control the manufacturing, cheap labor, own massive amounts of our debt! America got done in by Capitalism! Think about it. Communist Capitalism! Wasnt that suppose to be an OXYMORON??!!!

Everyone getting ready for WW3

it is scary that our major corporations putting all the eggs in one basket only for one reasoncheep money and putting our country in the real risk to be destroyed in the long run

china must not have no Democrat are thay would be trying to take the guns away.Wonder if we will ever get to the point, when one day, all any of us hear is a loud thunderous boom, then, absolute silence...........................................................

The Article mentioned Military Arms Exporting Countries 2 - 5.  And number 1,  3 decades running is ... the U.S.A.  Killing millions of people since WWII.  Nobody beats our body count.

China has already surpassed us economically, historically they've been a very wealthy country

No surprise that the USA is # 1 in this....

Don't bluff yourself America, China is pulling the wool over your eyes, the Chinese don't make their sales figures known, what does that tell you. Wake up you guys, these Chinese are very shrewd, no one knows how powerful they really are, only their parlementerians. And they don't speak!!!!!!!!! China sells weapons on the following conditions as mentioned by their CFM Hong Lei, (1,2,3) pricipals. They sell with the option that if the weapons are not used within a certain period of time, Chine buys back at recycle price and re-supplies cheaper.

You get the government you deserve, which means, this ridiculous government established in America is by the People's doing, and it can only get worse.

wooow are those 22" white wall kicks? they' ve got to improve on the wheels and them guns are totally gangsta hooked!

watch oufor china they have suppased us in everything we do bussiness with them their communist i cant buy a ciggar from cuba/

Peace on earth?  There's too much money at stake for that.

The United States is the first ，囧囧囧囧，哈哈哈哈哈。Made-in-China weapons? I'm not sure...

the wepon busnes for thousants of years has been the most profiteble busnes,and who knows someday we may  all  profit from it by killing each other and shrink the world population,a self inflicted population control good for mankind.. ..and wereever the wind takes me!!

Would you want to fire a china made gun next to your face? They make #$%$.

If you're a "top contributor" with "engaging posts"..I'm going to have to give you a thumbs down on principle :)

Killing under the cloak of war, is no different than murder.~Albert Einstein

I wonder if we will stay number one when congress passes all these weapons bans. I mean what military other than Canada would want "assault rifles" with 10 round mags. psssssssss. What? You mean we will sell guns to people like Egypt and uh Libya that we can't buy?

Having owned a Chines and a Russian SKS, the best we can hope for is our enemies stock up on Lots of Chinese weapons.

We all may as well buy roseta stone and learn to speak chinese because our ignorance and our leaders are going to keep messing us up until china runs the damn world

Don't worry about it unless they stole them from us. Russia isn't foolish enough to give their weapons to China.

Something does not compute, with a workforce equal to all other workforces in the world combined, why aren't the number one manufacturer?Don't worry about it unless they stole them from us. Russia isn't foolish enough to give their weapons to China.

Something does not compute, with a workforce equal to all other workforces in the world combined, why aren't the number one manufacturer?

please stop giving money to pakistan we need our money for our people.

Small consolation that Americans are left to manufacture Meth for sale.

In China woman voice "Hurry up and Buuuuy"

Geee, you think this article was written to stir up some animosity?

Many of those Chinese weapons end up in the hands of the Taliban or  Al Qaeda. Perhaps when they are forced to go to war against North Korea they will realize this type of behavior puts their economic well being at major risk.

Martial Law illumanti

You are dead in the battle field with jam Chinese weapon

Perpetuators of War, murder, mayhem.Glad to see that 30-years of liberal-socialists destroying America's manufacturing infrastructure could provide China with this much-needed job and manufacturing growth opportunities. Now, if only we could export and off-shore those illegal immigrants and bill collector service jobs, we'd have it made.

@ Lynn  The ak 47 is only cheaper because it is made by cheap labor.

I rather have entertainment and good time.  Big bang in bedromm not bomb

Wake up America.  The world is changing and just might pass us by.

What a joke. The U.S. government is the #1 exporter of weapons in the world, but this screwed up country wants to disarm its' own citizens. Talk about blatant hypocrisy, the U.S. definitely wins the contest hands down in this case.

WAR IS STILL THE BEST BUSINESS

Can I buy your weapons I can use against you?

Yeap that We the Americans are loves to buy the cheaps junks from China, and Mr Mitt Ruunmies ours " the America president wanna be.""  also cheering up to make China to be his  Money making home base too. Whatch out ours grand child will be forced to learn and use the chineses languages for theirs offical in the near futures..

Making the world safe for totalitarianism...

Military service in China is compulsory, in theory, for all men who attain the age of 18; women may register for duty in the medical, veterinary, and other technical services at ages as young as 14. However, a draft in China has never been enforced due to large numbers of volunteers from China's huge population. Demobilized servicemen are carried in a ready reserve, which is reinforced by a standby reserve of veterans and by the militia. Currently there are 700 million males in China, each one a potential soldier.Military service in China is compulsory, in theory, for all men who attain the age of 18; women may register for duty in the medical, veterinary, and other technical services at ages as young as 14. However, a draft in China has never been enforced due to large numbers of volunteers from China's huge population. Demobilized servicemen are carried in a ready reserve, which is reinforced by a standby reserve of veterans and by the militia. Currently there are 700 million males in China, each one a potential soldier.

China is a monster waiting to seize the entire world. A billion little martial artists with guns and nukes...Just great...How did they get so much technology so fast?? Oh that's right our jobs went there..

there are 5 guys in the world that have all the money, no one knows them.

After I read this report, I came back 15 minutes later to read it again!

Do you really need super high tech, when you can field a trained army of 500 million, and have a reserve of 750+ million? China can field that many, because every citizen in China is technically a member of the Chinese military.

If China ranked no. 2 in arms export, I can understand why it makes news on Yahoo front page. But China only ranked 5th. In fact, China only supplied 5% of global arms trade.What's wrong with the media?? It seemed they simply want to make everyone feel threatened by China. Very sad.

Does anybody else see the irony that some of the government -- and even a lot of its citizens want to disarm American citizens, but the government is the largest exporter of weapons to the world?  If tighter gun control makes our country safer, why doesn't the government just disarm itself and promise U.S. citizens that we will all be safe?

Obama still number one, when it comes to supporting terrorist.

hu carestell us when China is number1

Guess all the talk of how world has changed not really workin out eh?hu carestell us when China is number1

Guess all the talk of how world has changed not really workin out eh?

Why do we still giving Pakistan money???  They use our money to buy weapons from our  future enemy (and past enemy).

China has to do nothing to be number one!  Our beloved democrat party will do anything to see China stays number one!

If China can capture a US Drone and reverse engineer it and make copies, that would help them more to boost their arms exports. Even countries that are not in the US's favorite list to sell Drones, would then be able to buy them from China.

I once dated a girl who was made in China. A surprisingly sturdy young thing.

all the cannons are missing now is tv antennas in the back

excuse me, are those assault weapons?

what happens when those guns fall, all thats left is the made in china sticker.

i hope peace be full of the worldi hope peace be full of the world

Yeah and what number are we?! I got an answer for you  1! and whose arms do ours go to?Aarb countries who we will send our tax dollars and children to die latter.

I like the green army guy in the "army crawl" position with his rifle extended over his head. My favorite #$%$-made product of all time.

The US is the number one arms retailer in the world.  So tell me again why it wants to ban our own citizens from bearing arms.

Weapons are the only thing the Chinese make with quality, ive seen chinese type56 ak47 from Soviet ocupation era still in service with Taliban well warn but still working

these five countries will end the world and destroy the earth.

Welcome to your brother in office. He is all about himself.

WE also buy guns from china &amp; give them to other countries

lol hope there is a warranty on those products lol

NICE whitewalls! Are they 22s or 24s?china quality no good.

We're number one in Weapon exports, we're number one in Defense budgets and number one in Economy.  I just wonder how much of our economy is made from selling weapons.

Conveniently enough, these countries are also on the UN Security Council, charged with maintaining peace in our world.

I'd be afraid to touch a weapon made in China; might get lead poisoning.

I can't understand it, we keep selling more and bigger weapons and the wars keep getting bigger and longer.  Maybe we should sell less weapons and see if that reverses that trend?

Question... Is the Pakistani government purchasing these weapons with the U.S. money?

So who's the number one arms dealer to the world?  The US???

How hypocritical we talking of peace all day but at the same time we exporting weapons  and death

With oblamer borrowing money from the chinese, this just feeds into the arms of our enemies.  Damn, what a strange world we live in.

China not good.  China woman is not good for marry only comfort girl.  Me no likes china pigs-bad, number 10!How much money are we still giving Pakistan?

You know the really sad part is the west still forgets that China is a communist country. And now the west has made them the Economically strong! to late to turn back now isn't it.

in the name of profit, someone's gonna get the short end of the stick... but the dirty work will be given to the soldiers (who will be awarded for heroism).

You know, if ANYTHING is immoral, it's the exportation of arms.  Jesus!  We go into some wars, and the guys we are fighting are shooting back at us with stuff we sold them.  This is really insane stuff!

Because it's all about the money. Also when the natives are fighting each other they aren't bother anyone important.

Invest in death, it's booming. The insecurity prevalent in South Asia has created a big market for selling arms and ammunition, the arm dealers wants people at war all the time so that they have their business running, therefore they try to keep this Super-powers always at war, so they are always on the gaining side, but it is the local citizens who always suffers.

The main reason why US is always into wars. No war no money!

I just want to know why they use tires with white walls....all 1950's style....all black is cheaper....

anything china makes handles and breaks, we shell not worry for evasion.  china, well you know the rest.

You gun control advocates arethe reason I can't take a training class right due to having ammo availability being basically zero.You gun control advocates arethe reason I can't take a training class right due to having ammo availability being basically zero.

Stupid Ahmerikans... China gives you money, you give it to pakistan and pakistan buys weapons from china... so ultimately you chimpanzees are buying the weapons for Iraq and Afghanistan...

They got guns and a large population... oh yeah.

So their weapons will fall apart and malfunction? Good to know...

Killing is a business and business is good.

White walls on the cannons?

The British gov't. were too busy fighting the paparazzi on Middleton's nude pics. that they neglected to take care of their economy. They probably like it that way in order to put "bandage" and divert the news on high unemployment  esp. the younger people.

Their economy should take off like the US in the 50's and the 60's. 'Globalization' (except for short term quarterly profits - thank you CEOs) ALWAYS meant the US wealth would SINK while the rest of the world would increase incrementally

made in china...................you need a month warranty if you buy..........

its all BUSH's  fault......made in china...................you need a month warranty if you buy..........

its all BUSH's  fault......

The out sourcing of american production reached its peak under Bush

How long before ill be able to buy a Chinise tank at Wal Mart!!

Oh look you can see that "Mist" in the photo.

Doesn't matter who is the top 5.Top 5 have been US, Russian, Germany, France and UK for years.  Doesn't seem to make much difference.

Ya lets ban guns on America so china and Russia can take over I see where this is going.Well #$%$ Obama and Feinsten you will never disarm America or even get your assault weapons ban

Peace sells...but

if i were a chinese fighter pilot assigned to fly a home grown chinese plane, i would really be worried...

I wouldn't trust any tool or weapon made in china................American troops, Fight for the rich and Die for the jews

i wonder if those weapons made in china are really dependable ??!! but i heard that that weapons made in usa sold to some countries are obsolete and some are not even new... they're rusty and old !! better buying british or french, i guess !!

americans are stupid you give us money to buy wepons from china to use on you  god bless ameria lol

China makes everything. They even make the "Free Tibet" bumper stickers.

Made in China... I Think we know what that means... It"ll Break down on the first round..no worries...

Pakis are dung.

Made in China... Buy at your own risk!

Everything is cheaper in China

Why Did Bill Clinton decide to sell arms to Our enimies as well as our friends? In spite of the Liberal rant?Early on, Clinton required our diplomats to shill for arms merchants to their host countries. The results were immediate: During Clinton's first year in office, U.S. arms sales more than doubled. From 1993 to 1997, the U.S. government sold, approved, or gave away $190 billion in weapons to virtually every nation on earth.The arms industry, meanwhile, has greased the wheels. It filled the Democratic Party coffers to the tune of nearly $2 million in the 1998 election cycle.To examine the Clinton administration's eagerness to arm the world, the MoJo Wire has compiled a detailed look at America's top weapons customers during the Clinton years, tallying their total 1993-97 purchases through both the Pentagon (so-called "Foreign Military Sales," or FMS) and U.S. manufacturers ("Direct Commercial Sales," or DCS).What we found is that while the U.S. obviously sells weapons to NATO countries and relatively democratic allies like Japan and South Korea, it also has a nasty habit of arming both sides in a conflict, as well as countries with blighted democracy or human-rights records, like Indonesia, Colombia, and Saudi Arabia

i think all we did here was awaken the giant dragon.Isn't China the manufacturer of 90% of the items I buy at the $99 Store? And people are buying weapons from them no? Plutonium spill on aisle 7 ._.

Do they come with lead based paint like there toys?

China is the sleeping Dragon and the next Super Power and world Empire....

The answer to a bad guy with a gun is a different guy with a gun. The answer to that guy having a gun is to have another guy with a gun. If that guy has a gun, the next guy should have a bigger gun. Nobody wins in the end.

Gathering ally for their new world order? Exoskeleton drone mass production should give them something to fear

I am sure one day China will dominate much of the military power and the financial of most countries. They are well disciplined and have the will to do better. Their sheer number of 1.3 billion tells us enough. We became too complacent and lost some of our will since WW2. History does repeat itself.Their time will come when China will follow us after 200 to 300 years.

Great.....with their productivity and knack for copying our tech.... there will be a MASSIVE influx of stealth helicopter crashes

The NRA is number 1.

Well, Pakistan isn't going to win any wars with those Chinese weapons. I already took three coffee makers back to the store, and went back to my old fashioned coffee pot. That seems my only relief for now against bad Chinese products anxiety.

It's important the world be armed with weapons to suppress it's citizenry.Likewise, it's important the world's citizens by armed to revolt against their governments.There's a lot of money to be made.Wow, as a fellow American, I would like to say how proud I am that we continue to be the world's leading country in terms of spreading terror through the sale of weaponry to almost anyone that has the money.

Aren't we a stupid world of people, obsessed and consumed with weapons to use against each other?

Israel usually will sell to communist china, secret technology given to them by the traitors in the US government, that they are not supposed to.

See people your Voted reps are idiots!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Still want a War With Iran ..?! cause we'll be Fighting China/Russia too..!!! thanks to all the Jewish meddling ...dont believe me guess who owns the Banks/Hollywood/Media/foods/beverages/arms companies/PornJew     jew           jew      jew     jew         jew                     jewwho manipulates our politicians = JEWs

so america and russia lead the world in supplying all the waring countries in the world with the means to kill each other, is that so,   gee i would have never guessed.

due to low quality control measures, some will even backfire...

China is number 1 enemy to USA in a long run, our jobs are in China, our inventions are in China, our national debt is with China and our billionaire's are selling this once great country to China

one day we will borrow money from pakistan to buy arms from china. the US is the new 3rd world country on the block.

Anything is better than the junky M-16sSo our deal is to arm everybody else and disarm ourselves huh? Seems pretty stupid to me.

So, what part of the 2nd Amendment protects these companies' rights to sell to militaries all over the world?  Hmmmm?  Or need we forget, every US military enemy since the Viet Cong has used OUR OWN weapons against us.  WE created the Taliban....WE supply all these middle eastern shieks' private militaries with their arms.  What the #$%$  No one cares, I'll just go back to #$%$ about Snooky and Kim Kardashian....

So I can buy a Chinese made tank/aircraft/weapon at the local WalMart?

China is a growing power. This century is going to be for China. The USA had it's peak, now we decline.

I'm not so sure I would want to use a weapon "made in china", as is the case here.

so the numbskulls can buy bad #$%$ guns but I can't?

All I know is that at least China does not go around the world as they please to start wars unlike certain country.

Imagine that . . .finding out China is # 5, while the U. S. is the # 1 arms exporter! You don't suppose that could have anything to do with Amer-Ricans coming home from the oil wars in body bags do you?

Yes and with almost a billion lbs of U.S. scrap metal every month; think we are contributing to this mess also? Gee, didn't we supply Japan with scrap metal just prior to WWII; think the U.S. is repeating history again because of capitalistic greed again?

For those of you that don't know. Rubber tires are normally white and carbon black is added to color the tire and help the rubber last better. The tread is added last before its put into the mold. I don't see white walls here, I see cheap tires.For those of you that don't know. Rubber tires are normally white and carbon black is added to color the tire and help the rubber last better. The tread is added last before its put into the mold. I don't see white walls here, I see cheap tires.

China had ICBM failure after failure.  China contributed to Clinton's reelection fund and he in turn sent people to China to fix their missile problems.  Now they have nuke tipped missiles that are accurate and work fine.  Thank Bill; not.

They may be economically strong, but the actual quality and advancement of their Armament Tech is rather poor, at least 2-3 decades behind the west, most of their weapons are nothing more than mere counterfeit poor quality Repro's of western weapons if even. But hey, third world savage countries get what they pay for, i wouldn't be surprised if when the users press/pull the triggers that the entire weapon falls apart lol.

cursing guns

the largest fire arms salesman of 2012 and 2013 is obama..

I am all for the REST of the world be stocked with inferior technological weapons, especially ones made in China.  Havent they ever seen what happens when you buy Chinese products at Walmart?  Thats right... they break when you open the box!!  That is way better than giving them out US surplus items that will actually do some damage to modern military forces.  I was watching a military show yesterday on the Military Channel and they claim that the US Technology in weapons is 30 years ahead of the rest of the world.... and I am fine with that.

Another country just waiting to blow us up again. What other 3 states will get hit?

If you think Democrats are going to take away your Bible, you're an idiot. If you think they are going to take away your gun, you're an armed idiot. If you think they are going to take away your gun and give it to a Mexican to kill your God, you're Bill O'Reilly.

Hope they don't malfunction during a war.....most of Chinese manufactured products are garbage.

And China doesn't have to worry about any other country. No one is waging that dog.And China doesn't have to worry about any other country. No one is waging that dog.

Wonder if it's against international trade laws for a purchasing nation to remove the "Made in China" sticker off the spanking new aircraft carrier before being armed with the "Made in China" drones and choppers.Probably not an issue as the carrier won't even get out of the harbor due to taking in water from faulty steel fabrication, the drones will be salvaged but with little relief due to the shocking discovery the manufacturer forgot to install the guidance systems in any of them! Not to worry though...China claims they will make the ship and drones good but not sure what to do about the helicopters with the Volkswagen motors....or was it rotors? Anyway,the moral of this story is for the entire Middle East to purchase all of their weaponry etc. from the folks of "Made in China"! Oh yeah...and you can throw North Korea into that mix also! Ok,now may the world be at Peace!!!

"Obama hates his own military, look at his history, his actions, his pasts, demilitarization, socialism approach and where is he going"Red Dawn (China over Obamanation).

so what.. america is the biggest war monger of them all.. our nation has fought in more wars than all other countries have total... something to be proud of, huh???

Oblamer's plan----drive all US gun manufacturers out of business through lawsuits and regulation so we can buy weapons from China, on credit of course. way to go genius.

At least we know our guns passed quality control at Sandy Hook.

at least they are selling this worthless junk for the NRA Gun Tards....

The Republicans already forgot about their Iran-Contras deal and the billion of tons of weapons they dropped over the jungles of Central America !!

The only things americans can make: Bombs and body fats

The US is the biggest arms dealer in the world. We also give boatloads of money to other foreign governments who use that money to buy arms from other sources. All those guns kill how many people each year? Yet the US government wants gun control in the US and thinks limiting gun sales to US citizens will result in fewer gun deaths. How about the rest of the people in the world? Hypocrisy rules.they call me the Lord of War. But perhaps it is you. Yuri Orlov: It's not "Lord of War", it's "Warlord". Andre Baptiste Sr.: Thank you, but I prefer it my way.

Articles like this make me wonder how close we might be to WW3...

The world bigest killers

With a 1 week warranty.

China sure is ambitious, they are fastly replacing the U.S. as a superpower.

why don't we just don't let any more cargo ships in and just by stuff made here and the usa.that would hurt them enouf...oure trade would hurt but we could pull out of it ....they relay on us ...and thtt might eavn get more jobs back here where they belong.....

Who asked the American Taxpayer if s/he wanted to send Money to Pakistan to buy arms from China which they give to the Taliban to kill US Troops!!!?????  STOP!!!!

Who knows Maybe chinacould send money to corporate america to stop guncontrol measures. They already sell all their #$%$ to us hell why dont we let the chinese sell more guns in america they wuld make a killing atm.

Wait for the pirated edition. Coming soon.

China is supplying arms to world. And our president is disarming American citizen, really?And we can't even get a cuban cigar!!!

I am very interested in seeing Chinese 5.8mm squaring off against NATO 5.54mm in a live fire contest in accuracy, stopping power.  Too bad all Chinese firearm exports use the NATO rounds.

god created man samuel colt made them equal

Money for nothing drugs for free .....

Buying all the Equipment to fight over a piece of Island...seems like the norm in the rest of the world...

very nice!  maybe more weapon more peace possibilities !

US = world's #1 exporter of weapons &amp; pre-emptive wars ............ now see; we really do need The 2nd Amendment ..........

Yes it's true. That's what we call, "Made in China".

Ho Hum, If their weapons are as good as their tools we have nothing to fear!

1 the mass producing is like mass producing of cars , ya have many built that are JUNK and when they FAIL they will be DEAD , it has shown in china built stuff in every war IRAQ IRAN , PAKISTAN, and so onhaha you use em' &amp; they fall to bits!

mass producing only cause JUNK to be BUILT ahahahahah didnt learn from VEITNAM

If its made in China, it must be #$%$!

This list is a lie.  Israel is among the top 3 in selling fire arms and weapons.  Do your research better

Drone fire arms and all weaponry who does it benefit? Super powers. Those are their wars.Africa must be kept out for peace to prevail.

Governments should not sell weapons to any other country. It is immoral and unhumane. Weapons equal death and repression of other people, Look at Myanmar and their record of human abuse, and Cambodia was not disneyland for its people. and the world stood by and did nothing!!!!!!

china junk anyway, if they build as always hahah stupid for buying china junk

In the future the United States will become a colony of Mainland China.

Pakistan is forced to pile Arms are India &amp; US (through Afghanistan) are constantly keeping us under pressure. Why do you expect that we let go our enemies do whatever they want. And why doesn't US stop Policing in the world &amp; specially South East Asia???? Instead of worrying about us, you guys (US) need to bring your house in order, please.

The solution for F-35 debacle is simple. Either sell them to China and/or use Chinese subcontractors to make the program cheaper.These comments are the reason Ran Paul will beat Billary in 2016.(American borrowing money to supply enemies with money aid) Ran Paul will eliminate every bit of it and Our country will flourish !

watch out god can hurt u

You can Put Jordan in  the top 5 as well BIATCHEZ!

Good.  Keep it up.  Just gives us another excuse to use ours.

US and European People ,  by baying Chinese products ,, you are making them economic strong and one day ( Very Soon) they will destroy  your homes with their tanks ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,EU and US Company's and small business  in order to make business in their home ,, by sending your machinery and your economic knowledge in china you have create an low economic at your home (EU and US)  china has going up every day more and more and being strong day by day ,, economicly , military , and Politicaly ,,,,,

Yes! This is all the Earth needs more guns and bombs. Boy am I lucky my civilization gets it!

your I phone is made in china. Just shut up and use your I phone.

Those countries who are BUYING CHINA Military WEAPONS and ARMS, will be LOST in the Real WARS because they are TOYS, CHINA manufacture, produce  and sell military product to world countries are the TRAP to COUNTRY SECURITY, ??????????  STOP BUY

lol the us borrows money from china to give money/aid to pakistan and pakistan buys weapons from china. lol lol lollzzzz

Just listen to all these comments!  So, what does this all tell you my friends about the entire "SYSTEM".  And we should support or troops in the Superbowl parade and admire J-Lo's dress??  Wake-up Everybody"  No more sleeping in bed.Just listen to all these comments!  So, what does this all tell you my friends about the entire "SYSTEM".  And we should support or troops in the Superbowl parade and admire J-Lo's dress??  Wake-up Everybody"  No more sleeping in bed.

now its chinas turn to fight a country that it sold weapons to

coming to a wallmart near you!

are you gonna buy weaps with a "Made in China" written on them? LOL

I wouldn't entrust my life with a Chinese-made gun...

China is on the path of Pro-Union riots and environmental catastrophies. Should be a fun show to watch. The Illuminati didn't plan on their new golden child to be so f"ed up.John Lennon should have sang, "Imagine if China had the 2nd Amendment".

i don't need a war because the problem who have weapon form against #NRA ......

Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.-- John Emerich Edward Dalberg-Acton, April 1887

Aircraft carriers, submarines, drones.  Now we know why the chinese were hacking our military computors.  The scary part is we do't know who all they are selling to, with those three weapons American soil can easily be attacked.  Before terroist had to use low tech ways to attack us because the did not have the resources, technology and know how to build such big and sophisticated weapons, plus we could monitor them building such weapons via the resources it takes and satilte.  Now even a small country with little resource other than money could supply terroist with a couple of aircraft carriers and subs and a few hundred drones they could easily get in range of American soil, and if they could pick up a couple of nuclear bombs the Russians lost track of on the black market, get the picture? Hey that would make a great movie.

Now can i join the NRA,mommyNow can i join the NRA,mommy

They are preparing themselves..

i used to have a chinese gun in kindergarden - it was making a great deal of noise, but only worked for a week..

ALL funded by the US.  Come on guys.  Pakistan is an ally?  Get real.  We have a deficit, we borrow money from China, give it to Pakistan who then buys Chinese arms and we pay interest on the purchase.  Idiotic.

I think we should ship our arms to this trash barrels first!

The scary thing is when China wants to build something quality they actually can.

At the same time China has replaced the US (for the first time in history) as the largest electricity producer and consumer. Sorry, but personally I think it's a lot more significatnt. Never read about it on YAHOO! though. Had to do my own research.

Oh Missiles might be a dollar each :).

China has several advantages over the US primarily abundant strategic raw materials, NO Lawyers to speak of in the sense of lawyers in the West and NO environmental activist to impede, delay or block economic or military development.

Who cares! As a nation, we're only worried about the next ten minutes. Besides china would never use them on us.China has several advantages over the US primarily abundant strategic raw materials, NO Lawyers to speak of in the sense of lawyers in the West and NO environmental activist to impede, delay or block economic or military development.

Who cares! As a nation, we're only worried about the next ten minutes. Besides china would never use them on us.

China just released they have the largest drone fleet in the world! They say they will be able to swarm all of our aircraft carriers in the Pacific in the case of a war against the U.S. Scary! Let's hope they're made just as poorly as the products at Walmart.

~Watch how the fly is trapped by the spider only to be eating by the iguana....~

china hopefully will list the top in almost all trade. weapon trade demonstrates that as well

well thy take a Russian weapons and make it better  plus love those throw back white walls

Since 2000 we have given Pakistan approx. 20 billion dollars in aid. Much of it has been misspent and misappropriated by corrupt politicians. Of course buying Chinese Weapons is not what these funds are intended for. However, the U.S. and her allies ignore this because of the need to operate out of their bases to fight terrorist organizations in Afghanistan. What a confusing messed up time we all live in. Unfortunately, it is getting worse. I am an old man but I truly worry for future generations.

Hey! What happened to "The U.S. and Russia" being part of the lead? I guess indicating that UNDER OBAMA THE U.S. STILL REMAINS THE LARGEST ARMS EXPORTER doesn't work well for Reuters and the rest of the left-wing media.Anymore radical Islamic insurgents and countries want tanks, jet fighters, APC's, and sundry other arms? Just call the White House, and ask for President Obama. His store is open!

Bill S. your commnet on white walls was really funny, you made me laugh.

will my own comment be block by the admin?Bill S. your commnet on white walls was really funny, you made me laugh.

will my own comment be block by the admin?

Today no one helps others without any benefit. America gives money as a marketing tool for the sale of their lethal wepons to the world.Media gives vast coverage that USA is maintaing peace around the world. Because media also gets money for helping wepons producing countries.Do you think a person whose main source of earning is selling Lethal Wepons and Mass Destruction Weapons and Chemical and Drones like things. will ever wish for PEACE in the world.If an HORSE befriend with GRASS then what shall he eat.

Let's hope those Chinese weapons are made as poorly as the Chinese made products at Walmart!!!

ahan !

I'm RELIEVED, after a closer look, I confirmed they didn't steal MY scooter.

Lords of War baby. Its a circle of evils in our world. No war no business no money. Bullshits!

Pakistan deploying Chinese weapons! India is safe.. haha

china is on its way to world domination, look out west

Thank god there are countries like russia and china on the planet to counter western imperialism and hegemony.Thank god there are countries like russia and china on the planet to counter western imperialism and hegemony.

And no one saw this coming? We will never be what we were, Thanks to our government,

Why do u give money to Pakistan? Imran Khan will tell u to stick your money where sun doesnt shine if he gets elected. Free money produces bent people.

LMAO...wow...anyone who's worried about China's new "Arms Exporter" status has never shot or owned a Chinese gun. If you've never had the pleasure, just think of it like this: Chinese guns are about the same as everything else made in China. Cheap knockoffs guaranteed to fall apart the first time you use them. I'm pretty sure southern Jamaica could take over any Chinese-gun-using country using nothing but pointy sticks and naughty words. And they could probably do it without even harshing anybody's buzz.

it's just a matter of time before the chinx rule the world.....wake up america!!!!

Every Chinese citizen is technically a member of the military. One Chinese tactic in all out war, is to have 5 million Chinese surrender to the enemy. The enemy then has to feed, clothe, house, and doctor that 5 million people. The enemy of China could not execute those people, because they would lose any allies they had. In that 5 million, there would be a lot of spies, sick and elderly.

I hope those arms will never end up in the U.S. Otherwise gangsters will beatch about "my  mother funky gun was made in China! that is why I missed that mother funky beatch"

2% to 5%... are we just worried about the competition??  or is the real story that we export too many guns to too many countries??

I was taught when it comes to fire arms, bullet proof glass/vest and other weapons of war made in china is not the stamp you want to see on your weapon if you value your life..

u.s.a make war every where and then sell the weapons to countris in war and test them on the people that is the big trade for U.S.Au.s.a make war every where and then sell the weapons to countris in war and test them on the people that is the big trade for U.S.A

#1 exporter on #$%$ plastic products as well!

'em little wall-biters are ruthless...

Get ready to speak Chinese...(Fix it until it is too late)

So. Philippines.. can we protect our so call sovereignty? how?

Whitewalls, love them on cars. Artillery pieces.......a bit iffy but whatever. Oh and it is not good to have them moving on in selling arms

...Do the right thing!  Be a man! .

Wonder if Henry Kissinger is negotiating their increased trade deals?

Did you notice the little "MADE IN CHINA" sticker? Not only that I bet all the countrys have some sort of part they bought from China to make their weapons..

Wonderful let's all celebrate the incredible escalation of Armaments as a revenue for major arms suppliers worldwide. BUT, when will that inevitable tipping point be reached when the temptation to apply and use all this powerful weaponry to prove an aggressors "important national viewpoint". It just takes some IDIOT to press that button and we all go up in smoke.Looks like negotiating between level-headed peoples/nations is being shelved in favour of "Yippee! escalating ARMS SALES". Guess what the Bible says, "What you Reap, So Shall You Sow!" Not much for the current generation growing up and future generations yet to be born to look forward to. Ultimately, ARMS MANUFACTURE is the undeniable proof of the FAILURE of MANKIND, not matter centuries of advancement and so called civilization.thats ok, we got Jeremy Lin !

Chinese AKs all over Africa

There are no countries anymore - just corporations. A more accurate list would include the specific companies that are the top sellers...

Seems that a very smart man has been telling you stories and information like this for about 40 years now and you all wrote him off as a whacko, because the media demonized him to the utmost.  Dr. Ron Paul told you folks about these trends of borrowing and weapons deals.Yet you voted to have the Devil's Son himself at the helm again.  You folks have no idea what you have done, you will all pay soon enough when the Man of Perdition reveals his true self.  A few more things must happen, I give it about another 2 years and HOLY HELL, will break loose in this country.DON;T YOU DARE COME TO ME FOR HELP, I will tell you to call O'Dumba and his minions to assist you since you didn't listen to reason for the last 40+ years.  Your arrogance will cause your own death.  Wow I have a lot of praying to do for all of you SHEEPLE..... HOW CAN YOU BE SO STUPID.............

u.s. u.k. russia china an france control gun running also the 5 permanent u.n. security members. cant fight that war against our own.

Keep in mind, these numbers reflect the publicly known arms exportation business. One has to imagine that there are many more exported behind the scenes, some by governments to terrorist organizations both directly and through third parties. (Iran missiles funneled to Hamas, anyone?)

Now the world's second-largest economy China, soon to be firstFUNDED BY BARRY OBAMA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

would you really wanna buy something like that from China......   ya get what ya pay for

USA! USA! USA!

OK, when we sell arms are we doing background checks and do the countries pass the background check before we sell AR-15's to them?  Sound silly?  Think about it.....If countries put even half as much time and resources into renewable energy, the return profit would be far higher than that of weapons.

Question? What would you do if you had the power to weild the forces of nature? If you had control over them, that would really be something would it not?

What ISN'T made in China, nowadays?

So only America can sell weapons?

the very reason why the world will never have peace..

I have a feeling that China is going to turn against the United States one day. We will never know.

someday those weapons will be used  aginst them!

This is big time money and China,just want their cut of the pie,just good business for them.

SWEET! GIVE ME ONE OR TWO OF THOSE

If they build weapons with the same quality as they do everything else - the Pakistani's need to be worried. They export nothing but #$%$...This is big time money and China,just want their cut of the pie,just good business for them.

SWEET! GIVE ME ONE OR TWO OF THOSE

If they build weapons with the same quality as they do everything else - the Pakistani's need to be worried. They export nothing but #$%$...

All my friends know the low riderThe low rider is a little higherLow rider drives a little slowerLow rider is a real goerLow rider knows every street yeah!

the world needs more weapons and less food and potable water.  let's get rich on killing people who don't think like us...fast.  that way we can kill each other!   what a world!

The US is one of the top two suppliers of weapons in the world but a us citizen will not be able t buy a weapon in the US pretty soon bin order to protect our families and coutry in a time of danger because our leaders don't think we should have the right to do so. And yet, we supply all the countries that want to exterminate us the weapons to do it with. And now , since they haven't been able to stop us from buying weapons up to now, they are stopping the making of ammo. He is determined to stop us some way so we can't stop his buddies when they get here. We sure live in a messed up country right now because of the screwed up people in Washington.

I guess their big ticket items like attack helicopters, missles, etc. are significantly cheaper.  But chinese rifles and small arms are absolute trash.

This looks like another design china stole from the US

Truly, Its pointless, because its wasteful of taxpayers. Its like throwing life in the toilet. Lust of power isn't gonna get ya'  Happy  anywhere anyway!!! .. Sad  and  pointless!!

Wow!!!  This war is gonna suck!  We barely handled Viet Nam and Iraq. What the frig will we do when China joins up with North Korea and we have to deal?  Looks like WW3 to me...This looks like another design china stole from the US

Truly, Its pointless, because its wasteful of taxpayers. Its like throwing life in the toilet. Lust of power isn't gonna get ya'  Happy  anywhere anyway!!! .. Sad  and  pointless!!

Wow!!!  This war is gonna suck!  We barely handled Viet Nam and Iraq. What the frig will we do when China joins up with North Korea and we have to deal?  Looks like WW3 to me...

Tasteless. Maybe jotting.

what about this DIANNE FRANKENSTEIN..HOW MANYstocks do you and your DEMOCRAPS in congress own..in these companies.....biach

Made in china weapon-how funny.

Made In China

''There is a saying clean out your own back yard before you go and clean some one else own.'' For all these years America was helping Pakistan with money for their people they go behind our backs and by weapons,what a dam shame.  Now  Let them sell the weapons to help them self. There is a saying what is in the dark have to come to light,and this did.

Kerry to the rescue !!!!!!! Yeah right !

for real ?for real ?

Chinese Firearms are like BIC lighters ....fire a few times and throw them away !!!!

I'm surprised they haven't melted them down to make junk to sell to fat American's at Wal-Fart!

i think this is a warning. .

love the whitewalls on the triple A....lol

Keep sending American Jobs overseas and we are left with lawyers, doctors,fastfood workers. They already got our money and now our technology and POWER will come so watchout America you did it to yourself because China doesn't allow us to have Yahoo or Google to corrup there people or anything like them, you can only send them jobs...It a ONEWAY business, all airline work is in China   and the federal government is okay for them to cut corners and not check if they are doing things right but in America they are down there throats with regulations but they aren't not allowed in China.....Korea will destroy America in a war soon with the backing of China it just a matter of time......

Opps bad business are very much interested by people regardless their side effects.

“If a man's thought is constantly aspiring towards heavenly subjects then does he become saintly; if on the other hand his thought does not soar, but is directed downwards to centre itself upon the things of this world, he grows more and more material until he arrives at a state little better than that of a mere animal”.（Abdu'l-Baha，Paris Talks，p. 17）

no wonder. china would rank 1 or 2 in this category by next 5 years!

...even though they're in museum, there's a buy 2 get 1 free deal on these babies......even though they're in museum, there's a buy 2 get 1 free deal on these babies...

Beware of the Chinese. One day they will come to collect on the debts we can't pay. Keep your powder dry.

The new American dream is to own a factory in China and hire a lot of Chinese and hope that China grows the greatest army to protect my factory. Capitalism trumps our love for our country. Mo money! Mo money! So says bill Gates and the dead Stevie Jobs.

Maybe the US should demand an international background check and no assault rifles with high capacity magazines

those will break 1 week...

well maybe THEY will make some 22LR america can't seem to

China has only become the world's fifth-largest arms exporter because Stark Industries switched to renewable energy.

What are we having now a firearms exporting contest? The winner will be crowned firearms exporting king pin arming the future terrorist of our world.

death dealers

Would like to buy a few of them to use against our crooked #$%$ government.Would like to buy a few of them to use against our crooked #$%$ government.

Why is this not surprising?

We lost Pakistan as a buyer thanks to ISRAELI behind sucking Congressmen

I'll give you a choice - you can go to war where your life and those of your countrymen depends on your armaments -- you can choose from those made in the United States, Great Britain, Germany, France, Sweden, Switzerland, Russia, or China .. which would you choose, if your life depended on the quality and reliability of your weapons ? I rest my case.

LOL. It's because the US cares about other countries too much. Giving money to other countries to buy weapons at the expense of American citizens.

welcome china to blood merchant dealers club

China makes all Xbox 360's All peripheral's. They make all Sony products. They make all Nintendo products. They make all Apple products. The only thing America makes is the name on the product. Craftsman is made in China to American specs As well as most everything we buy here in the United states. American companies make great products. In China.

We sell weapons and give the troops for free!

"I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones."Albert Einstein

Look at all those scary black guns lol..."I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones."Albert Einstein

Look at all those scary black guns lol...

The guns will explode in shooter's hand after a few shots. Made in China.

Couldn't help but notice the comment of China being the worlds second largest economy...I WONDER WHO IS FIRST? It must be Japan as america is not even in the counting since it borrows 5 BILLION per day from China, produces ABSOLUTELY nothing, is in BANKRUPTCY, has no manufacturing to speak of, is watching all of its few remaining businesses close down. America is truly a FUNNY PLACE.

I don't always fire anti-aircraft guns, but when I do I prefer to keep it fresh with white-walls.

-_____- Pakistan uses our funds to buy supplies from China! Somebody please shoot me now!!

Too many products coming out of China are inferior in quality and don't meet US standards. Who is buying weaponry from China if they are #5?

I hope weapons "Made in China" are as poor quality as all the other stuff "Made in China."

Can't build cars but can build a tank?

China a top supplier of pirated technologies and designs..lol..thats why they become top 5..lolCan't build cars but can build a tank?

China a top supplier of pirated technologies and designs..lol..thats why they become top 5..lol

Well isn't this so special..we will be the end of our own doing. Fools...

Stark Industries.

Does anyone sense something fishy going on..I mean..first NK has been threatening us with nuke wars..which in turn..caused U.S. to spend $1 billion on defense system, adding to our poor economy..and all in the middle of this..china isn't really doing anything besides "hey, calm down to NK"..yet they are purchasing the load of weapons...maybe NK and China are planning something against the US..just maybe...

Chima makes an AK47 and ammo!!! dirty loads and I won't trust the steal!!!! look at San Onofre power plant cooling rods ; Golden State Bridge Replacement rivets; Windmills in Palm Springs ( the amount of oil you see dripping down the sides of newer ones) ...

the last thing we need is more weapons in this world

this Marine - i am really saddened when i see more and more tools of death and destruction!!! very disheartening !!!

Bet they have top % in creating pollution in the last 4 years too.

No mentioning of US, which sits on top of the list. Mainstream media!!!No mentioning of US, which sits on top of the list. Mainstream media!!!

hope they are not all plastic.

We are even outsourcing our war mongering to China.

It seems that the message here is there's big money to be made in the brutal slaughter of people who aren't members of your in-group.  People are numbers, and all that matters is the bottom line.

WOW what a surprise ,   ,   ,   ,   ,( NOT )

China has faced off recently with its Southeast Asian neighbors____________________________________________________________another propaganda by western media!!! brainwashing education againthere are 10 southeast asian.only four claimant and china on issue of south china sea.only philippine are making so much noise.even vietnam are silent .there is no consensus in asean.it is western plan,conspiracy to demonize china.

Name one thing on earth that we use everything that is NOT made in china.

How is that assaut band going??

China is after all our markets

how funny, Reuter doesnt mention USA's export is 30% while China is at merely 5% in export. That doesnt even count how much USA made for themselves for all the war they rage on.How is that assaut band going??

China is after all our markets

how funny, Reuter doesnt mention USA's export is 30% while China is at merely 5% in export. That doesnt even count how much USA made for themselves for all the war they rage on.

During your 'glory days', england was an ennemy to the usa...

I love U.S ,always is on top to sale weapens lest make some more  war.so show me money stop talking about  free dome or peace.Which country is next to get some more oil or money.....

china just copy &amp; sell them cheap

China is all hype. They are subservient to us, we power their economy. They have half the total GDP and 4 times the people. They are far from a threat.

I love these guys who get on the internet and post the stupidest things.  In their mind, Obama is akin to the devil.  I mean they believe he's responsible for every evil and terrible thing in this world.  I wonder if they realize that no one pays them any attention anymore.  This conspiracy peddling is just - well, in a world, SAD.  But in their eyes - that's probably Obama's fault too.

If we got in a war with China; well, we are in trouble. They have so many troops, they could just keep on sending them over. We better get ready and secure the midway in the pacific. We’ll need it.

yet we vote in these people who give away our money and screw this country up. How about nobody votes and see what happens.yet we vote in these people who give away our money and screw this country up. How about nobody votes and see what happens.

still won't be able to get past the "made in China" tag

Now to send out some more misinformation and conjure up some imminent enemies to increase arms sales worldwide..it is a lucrative industry..

Stop exporting weapons to countries that could potentially hate us at some point in the future!!!!

I'd say something but I'm sure my comment would be blocked by the administrator

talk about hypocrites weapon bans for citizens but more weapons for profit of war.......... typical humans.....

thats ok  ask any troop that has come home in the last year or so .what kind of guns  are being fired at them . they  will tell u it was our own guns  thanks to obama

We are the War Country. Back off other Countries and let us die with no insurance...

USA WILL DESTROY ITS SELF,, GOP GREED

Congress needs to draft bills to make a financial  'poison pill' to ALL US companies that off-shore the money and jobs, except for a narrow, approved list, and give the BREAKS to companies where teh money and jobs stay in the US. That is the ONLY way to get these CEOs to stop sending EVERYTHING offshore - ether not financially reasonable, or proscribed by lawThis old fox, England, has been the exporter of death for several decades. its time for the death to come back home.

So THANK YOU all you GOP CEOs for shipping over everything you could for the past 30 years. Now we CANNOT EVER recover to the 70's

I called Microsoft and Apple about getting a factory job. They told me they only hire Chinese. So I gave up and sold my food stamps to by me a genuine XBOX 360. Made proudly in China.

if only there's no such business like this, the world would have been peaceful...

they also own base in cali

Watch out China will use melamine enriched gunpowder and explosives. . .!

Well, better get used to...China is poised to supplant everybody else, including the US and Russia, as top dog...pretty soon, they will too start their own version of "Star Wars" outer space shield and defense system...by then, if the US congress continues with is idiotic "circus", our country will totally lose the edge in technology, military might, and economic power...and we will have no choice but to "bow" to the mighty empire between "heaven and Earth"  ...what a great legacy are we leaving for our descendants.

The US  is making Billions $ selling guns, then spending more Billions $ to settle chaos around the world because everyone make the best of the merchandises

I was wondering who bought up all the old unsold white walls.

have to trade in my 1969 Ford Mustang for one of those Type 80 Chinese Tanks ..... im pretty sure it will be alot cheaper on both gas and insurance .... adn reliable when we have a Apocolyptic disaster .................. This is Sad ..... America and Russian where have you gone ....have to trade in my 1969 Ford Mustang for one of those Type 80 Chinese Tanks ..... im pretty sure it will be alot cheaper on both gas and insurance .... adn reliable when we have a Apocolyptic disaster .................. This is Sad ..... America and Russian where have you gone ....

OK i got one..Assault Weapons Issue, why need them for hunting...answer it merly a transition for old weapons to new ones. Like old musskets too something in the 1870's circa , pretty soon lasers might replace our old "slugthrowers" (Babylon 5 tv quote) for hunting or home protection. But there always be someone that would use "any product" outside it's intended use.

READY FOR WORLD WAR 1111

Just thinking out loud, but.... Do whitewall cannons come with an owner's manual? Where is the *Star Wars* technology that Runny Raygun bilked the American tax payer out of  30+ years ago?? ....Badges???? We don't need no stinking badges! And neither does "Lil Kim" Chumpology 101 states that the dumber you can make  your opponent's populace, the more likely you are in having a tax haven in the Caymen's with the big boys!  I was always told that we would have personal rocket packs by now. Jeeeze! What a F'ing disappointment. When one finds out that the Bloody Brits are back on top of the heap???.....and after spending all that money learning Chinese. 怎麼性交那？

Top arms exporters: US,Russia,Germany,France,China,England. Everybody else has two arms and one mouth.

Beautiful chaos,I hope we all go up with an angelic flash!

so let me guess the BS about Iran and N. Korea about they are creating wepons is not about what they claim it is about business if more countries create their own wepons then the ones making money to sell to them no longer will. and where is the peace the USA and U.N. want in the world?

great. more tools of death..... as if the crime, diseases, and bad food is not enough.

The Chinese government utterly disturbs me. After years of being staunchly anti-communist, we allow American jobs to be stolen by cheap Chinese sweat factory labor! How many jobs could there be if everything made in China were made here again? Penny pinchers who would rather have cheap Chinese labor produce American goods than regenerate our OWN economy. China can thank American penny pinchers for making them the worlds second largest economy...

Divide and sell weapons to both sides.You know what they say about Chinese weapons.. "You fire a Chinese weapon an hour later you feel like firing it again"

Nobody cares that Germany is the third seller of military arms? Has history taught us nothing? Wait till Europe unites with the catholic church (the next "holy roman empire") Germany will then have the resources it needs to finish what it started in WW2, By the way, according to documents the allies found after the war, the Germans had contingency plans in case they lost that "round" WATCH GERMANY!

This is a vicious circle. US sells protective services to any country needing protection. Along with that they pledge weapons and arms....No wars then there is no protection required. No wars then there is no need for weapons......The United States will go bankrupt.....The US is in no hurry to settle any conflict and as a matter of fact they will do anything to prolong a conflict and agitate a conflict, even from the SIDELINES! just so they can sell weapons and protection! Kind of reminds you of the MAFIA!!!! Drive by, throw bombs and then send in the Knuckle-Breakers to cut a protection deal!   US does exactly the same all over the world.....

western civilized country.

Philippians 4:4 Rejoice in the Lord always. I will say it again: Rejoice!

all for the sake of business and at the cost of peace...

hell yeah good to read, keep sendin em are way we never have enough...

What about the qualities? Are they disposable?

Sad that there is so much money in weapons.....

2 percent to 5 percent, 5 years.5 percent to 30 percent, forever.Hmm...  China has enough weapons, so they can sell them to Pakistan to make more money to make more weapons.  Pakistan has nuclear capability.  We owe trillions to China and Pakistan is giving us the snub.  Hmm...

Psalm 105:1 Give thanks to the LORD, call on his name; make known among the nations what he has done.

world economics go down, people are surviving and they are making arms how shame full this is,,,,,,its not feel proud to any citizen of these countries, people must say "NO" to their Govt to making and exporting this bull S* arms.

HEY - Obama needs to get on top of this situation before it gets out of hand!

yea we're (USA) doing a great service to the humanity being the greatest supplier of weapons in the world

AND PEOPLE WONDER WHY THE UNITES STATES IS IN NO BIG HURRY TO SETTLE ANY OF THE WORLD CONFLICTS......They are the largest arms dealer in the world.....OK. If they settled the wars then there would be a dead economy! The USA!

Their artillery has white wall tires! How Vogue!

Arming the citizens doesn't protect any state. George washington hated the militia. Sam Houston called the Militia a joke. Sunshine patriots is really what these groups are. Too busy killing their fellow citizens and each other

OH! Made in China? Naahhhh!

It is so reassuring to see that  the Obama administration’s efforts to bring an alliance with the Northern Africa countries into alignment with the U.S. is going so well and now that the money we have been buy them off with is being received and put to such good use.  Dam it great to have such a great foreign relations program. Can’t we keep Obama around for an extra 4 or 5 years.OH! Made in China? Naahhhh!

It is so reassuring to see that  the Obama administration’s efforts to bring an alliance with the Northern Africa countries into alignment with the U.S. is going so well and now that the money we have been buy them off with is being received and put to such good use.  Dam it great to have such a great foreign relations program. Can’t we keep Obama around for an extra 4 or 5 years.

Oh yeah , I heard rumors there might be a lend-lease program to coincide with the sequester.

"I'll Abolish Social Security From Everyone Below the Age of Sixty"....Mittens Romney First Debate vs. Barrack O'bama

Haha, I know it~ ;D

Heil Hitler.....

I am suprised China is the top suppliers ...all the high tech from the  US are in china now.  We train the whole china country so they can take over the world ......

If my life was on the line, I sure would " NOT" buy a gun that was made in China.

"I Work for Bain Capital...."....Mittens Romney

I would have gone with Low-profile Perrelli's and dropped those cannons a good 8 - 10 inches, along with some colorful metal-flake in the paint job.I would have gone with Low-profile Perrelli's and dropped those cannons a good 8 - 10 inches, along with some colorful metal-flake in the paint job.

It begs me to ask when will the US Mil be buying Chinese made hi tech weapons?More sooner than later me thinks at the rate they are progressing.Perhaps Walmart me thinks as their arms brokers/agent.

White walls are so "OLD SKOOL"

I'm sure it should go without saying that some of the #$%$-bound weapons probably wind up in afghanistan used against our own troops.

"I'll increase Military Spending by Two Trillion Dollars"....Mittens Romney First Debate vs. Barrack O'bama

"You Can't Kill Yourself To Prosperity"...Barrack O'bama First Debate vs. Mittens Romney

90% of the cartels weapons come from the U.S., and then we sell some to the Mexican military to defend itself from the cartel members. You have to love the American way of business.

now pay your tax,s like good boys and girls. the goverment hear needs your money so they can keep you free?  man we are hood winked big time.

Ah, but which country exports the most think tanks?

China’s missile-related imports and assistance from Israel have been a subject of particular concern in the United States because of worries that Israel may be providing China with “back door” access to controlled, sensitive US technology. For example, in the early 1990s, reports surfaced that Israel had secretly transferred information on the US Patriot missile system to China, in violation of Israel’s promise to the United States not to transfer the Patriot technology to any third country. Although both China and Israel denied the allegations, US government sources concluded that it was almost certain that a transfer of technology (though not physical equipment) had taken place.So, first of all, let me assert my firm belief that the only thing we have to fear is...fear itself — nameless, unreasoning, unjustified terror which paralyzes needed efforts to convert retreat into advance.--The first inauguration of Franklin D. Roosevelt

I didn't see anything in there about Halliburton or #$%$ Cheney, could some progressive liberal concoct some connection and then get back to us ?

I am so sick of talk of weapons, war, and the word nuclear.........If we HUMANS do get nuked i hope its by the hand of GOD....AMEN

So China sells the weapons to Pakistan who sells the weapons to the Taliban and then the US sends money to Pakistan (to fight the Taliban) that it raises via bonds etc that China buys. So, Basically the US Citizen is working to subsidize the Chinese and Pakistan Free market.

How come defence is important? Even third world countries spent a lot of money on war machines even though there are no resources in their country.

I wonder what jesus would say to these news

Stark Industry FTW

Pakistan can't secure their own borders, nor even educate or feed its own people, yet they're buying 55% of all of China's exported weapons?  O_o

By the time Chinese accounted for 30% global arms trade, American will dominate the rest 70%.

China is a country less driven by individualism and personal greed than America. It is inevitable that they should rise to a dominant position. There will be a war between China and probably India before too long for water as they both get it from the Himilayas. By that time America will be a has-been, ruined by it's own inability to see past the next fiscal quarter's profit report, but our future leaders will probably pimp our grandchildren out to which ever side pays the most (we will be with China and Russia with India more than likely). Oh well, enjoy the disposable stuff you don't really need from Wal Mart ya'll.30 percent, criminals against humanity.5 percent, peacemaker.

making a lot of money from stolen technology....I would laugh to see a weapon with a "made in china" logo on the barrel....hahaha

made in china is cheap n has always been number 1 exporter for consumer goods. the reason they'r not number 1 in arms export is amazing. not like they dont have enough spies n hackers to get the best tech from u.s. military.

Our corporations have done a wonderful job building our defense industry in China. How ironic that China now uses that to build its own... never saw that coming (sarcasm - guys I shouldn't have to write "sarcasm"). Oh, and American corporations get a tax write off for moving expenses.. That loop hole is not on the table to be cut by the way. In its stead, are social security, medicare, unemployment, etc.

We sure know how top kill each other..  At the end it will rocks and sticks again.

China: All these Bible thumpers have not posted anything yet. Check Revelation, Daniel and Ezekiel for the fate of China. Its called Sino, King Of the East etc. They will be the only country that will produce a million man army which will attempt to march towards Israel to support Kind of the North which is Russia and Arab countries fighting Israel. JEHOVAH GOD will strike them and 4/5 of the army will perish. 1/5 will return home and report that there is a GOD in Israel. That way, China must overtake every body else in making money to finance all these events. Humans have no control of it as its spiritually orchestrated. Read your Bible carefully, if you are a born again christian and you will see the facts. Salvation is a must and stay out of sin.

So who's number 1?

Arm sale! Debt crisis, budget mess, sequester are due to spending others' monies indiscriminately.Nearly one trillion dollars are wastefully spent away yearly on (so-called) defense &amp; security related matters. Native American people, the rightful owners of American Continent, where USA&amp;Canada alone is plundering more oil than SaudiArabia&amp;Kuwait output, over﻿ $3 BILLION﻿ daily, as native people remain poorest citizens on their own land.Before Europeans came,Native population in North&amp;South America Continent was 15 millions; European population in Europe was 30 millions.Today, native population at 30 million and Europeans at 1 BILLION! [Google 'sicko uncle Sam' at forum]

ooopsss made in china?forget it

After years of plagiarize from Russian the Chinese now days had way better technology then it was and the Chinese government started selling their weapons to a lot of third world countries and sooner or later those countries will relied on them. A different type of war to take over countries or at least reduce the possible enemy countries in the future.China recently launched a refurbished air-craft carrier they purchased from the U.S.S.R. If you look close, you can see "white-wall" tire's on their fighter jet's!! LMAO!!!!

One day, the gun will turn it's self on it's owner. Wake the #$%$ up !

They must be cheap. 1 dollar = 2 rockets !!

Do they have "made in china" stickers on the bottom of the barrels?

Made in China = Doesn't work

China invented gunpowder,they should always have been at the top,but in the past even with all their knowledge they would just make fireworks..what's up with that?

China has always been a socialistically/capitalist backed country... They only became a full Red Communist country, enforcing blockades against the world and the USA after World War II in order to not have to repay the worlds allied... So the Red Chinese efforts were just a way to avoid payback without out becoming a banked-ruped nation 1946...  The claim to hold an  outstanding debt against the USA but we gave them everything from two &amp; resources to raw materials like our refined  steal, metals, agricultural resources , and plastic.  If not former President Richard Nixon, Wall Street investors they would have never come back on the world market as leader in any field Research &amp; development... So Truth is told we are China, and we already hold all the keys...

Aren't they trying to control guns in america... and apparently we still sell most of em

So we give Pakistan billions of dollars so they can purchase weapons from the Chinese.

You dont have to wonder because American people are too busy giving money to Pakistan for their own eminent destruction. Thanks to the pentagon and keep it up.So we give Pakistan billions of dollars so they can purchase weapons from the Chinese.

You dont have to wonder because American people are too busy giving money to Pakistan for their own eminent destruction. Thanks to the pentagon and keep it up.

We are just "another brick in the wall" --- USA &amp; the other dominant world powers are vulnerable to China, because China is pragmatic &amp;achieves its set goals. Thank your lame media &amp; US govenment for their failure to warn you that the end of the dollars status as Reserve Currency is drawing nigh (research "Reserve Currency" and kick your lawmakers' collective #$%$ to WAKE TeffU!

If the Chinese made an airplane, would you fly in it?

Are these Chinese arms of the same quality like the Chinese made stuff at Wal-Mart?

CHINA WORLD WAR III VICTORY

there is no surprise why china replaces britian in world`s top five arms exporters:just because ,they don`t care human rights to any countries who want to buy their arms weapons.

This isn't something to be proud of...

So China, the world's biggest weapon producer, has the Taliban as their main consumer.  We are at war with the Taliban and owe a whopping amount of debt to China.  Something just doesn't quite add up here, wouldn't China want us to end our war with the Taliban and pay off our debt?

Guns and tanks that has a mark "Made in China" ??? no wonder Afghanistan keep losing to homeland terrorists that have weapon imported from russian and US. What do you think may happen when u fire a gun that made in china and it back fires to your face.hhhmm made in made in china lol

With so much fear, distrust, and hate for each other is there ever going to be a time when people will deem it okay to scale down military costs? NO. I am not saying the world is perfect, but it never will be either. Does that mean we still need to be spending money to arm ourselves for what are mostly preventative measures? No.

Made in China.....I feel sorry for any soldier on the battle field that has to depend on anything made in that country !

I'm surprised they haven't painted the barrel tips Neon orange.

Stop selling the heat.

And, God help us, a lot of these Yahoo commenters aren't even old enough to remember Tiananmen Square.  These Liberals will coddle the Chinese. because they have no memory of the history.  Bend over, put your head between your knees, hands over your head, say your prayers...

Its too bad that the most powerful weapon cannot even be seen or heard: Prayer.Doing battle with prayer assures you of never running out of ammunition or food.

made in china

"It's still Rock and Roll to meee"

China must Thanks good old fabulous President ("iam not a #$%$'), Richard Nixon, you got love the rePUTAble republicans."It's still Rock and Roll to meee"

China must Thanks good old fabulous President ("iam not a #$%$'), Richard Nixon, you got love the rePUTAble republicans.

Lol I wonder if all the tanks and aircraft carriers have "made in china" etched on the back of them just like all the other cheap goods made in that country.

I recently heard China soon to sell car's in the U.S., they are going to call it the Youon.

Guess what, WWIII is coming, China and North Korea will lead to the war.

Within a decade China will overtake the US.  I have traveled through several strategically important Chinese cities and study their activities along with others closely.

Fire! Fire ! Fire!..just kidding..

For those less read, meaning probably any of you under the age of 40, and still many of you decades older, i suggest you read George Orwell "1984"...assuming it has not been black listed by now. The man wrote the book nearly 70 years ago now, and it is coming to fruition as we speak. Take heed, the time for vigilance is upon us, the days of basking in our own glory as a nation shall be coming to an end in this lifetime. God speed my friends.

look at the white tires. those tanks should be on PIMP MY RIDE

Somewhere in China there are 50 Cadillac and Lincoln Pimp-Mobile's with their wheels missing!!Somewhere in China there are 50 Cadillac and Lincoln Pimp-Mobile's with their wheels missing!!

mark my words we will be in another world war soon. i just know it all the sighns are here and now. china is staging around japan , n. korea is threatining us with nukes. china and russia are selling arms to pakistan and all them are allies against us. i hope im not the only one seeing this coming to light and im just a poor old commoner. i have nothing to do with the military in any manner (not saying i dont repect our military and apreciate them) i hope im wrong but i fear im not.

Well yeah, but we have Stark Industries and Wayne Enterprises.  Your argument is invalid.

Bull!!!!!

And all along it was thought that most things made in China were not of top quality, generally speaking.Apparently when it comes to weapons- then all of a sudden they seem to know how to be able to make products that are better quality.What a bunch of A-wholes.

within 10 years, China will be #3 arms export behind US and Russia.

Love those white walls on the anti aircraft guns, they give it such je ne sais quoi

As long as there is a Wal-Mart China will be a force. We will be speaking Chinese soon enough...

I dont know about weapons "made in china" but the food is "da bomb"  why in this era is anybody designing and manufacturing new and better weapons of death ? really at this juncture the planet is still like playing a game of "risk" we as a global people had better find a way to pull our act together and further our species and our resources .dont make more guns just eradicate any somalia type countries the north koreas the iranians etc etc until we have a peaceful global collective focused on health and clean energy and education .beyond that boom "I said good say sir " how do you deal with the gang problem here .semd our seal teams into the hood and exterminate them all .we have plenty of guns we just need to use them finally and completely .and be done .

China is being smart by selling the weapons to Pakistan, which can destroy its two close competitions - USA and India.For USA - The weapons will go to terrorists indirectly, which will be used to fight against US Army in Pakistan, Afghanistan and Iraq.For India - The weapons sold to Pakistani Army will be used to fight against India, since Pakistan still wants to capture debatable Kashmir Area. That will eventually weaken the India, so China can capture the East wing of India, which - if my history books were right - Chinese have been itching to capture for more than 50 years.China is being smart by selling the weapons to Pakistan, which can destroy its two close competitions - USA and India.For USA - The weapons will go to terrorists indirectly, which will be used to fight against US Army in Pakistan, Afghanistan and Iraq.For India - The weapons sold to Pakistani Army will be used to fight against India, since Pakistan still wants to capture debatable Kashmir Area. That will eventually weaken the India, so China can capture the East wing of India, which - if my history books were right - Chinese have been itching to capture for more than 50 years.

Pakistan should expect these weapons may come into raze once they use.MADE IN CHINA.LOL

The Chinese government has grown by leaps and bounds. With the Chinese ahead of the U.S. in manufacturing,  a disproportionate trade deal, AND the government is encouraging the people to buy precious metals.  China is also U.S. biggest debtor.  I'm going to start learning Mandarin

Between the greedy Republicans and the clueless Democrats, the whole country is getting sold out.

China has no cold war with #$%$stan .. what a joke... they are the main suppliers of arms to #$%$'s .. Let the war begin ...

asains lol

And I thought it was Stark Industries all the while...

why can't USA let the other country's do some #$%$ for a change. lets sit back and see if anyone else has balls. I don't think so, every country except us sits around and lets us do the dirty work. how bout get off your #$%$ and do something.

China is just waiting for the right time and then they will push us out of the Asian rim and take Taiwan. Then they will move out of the Asian rim. And we have our worthless politicians to thank for free trade that destroyed our manufacturing base and added fuel to China's economy much of which is geared toward military equipment. And lets not forget Chinese nationals are in our colleges looking for any cutting edge technology they can get. China is not our friend. They will be our biggest enemy and they will beat us like we beat russia...economically. They laugh at the trillions we waste in the mid east for no gain.

I didn't read the article above but let china take out Korea, the young #$%$ needs to get spanked. no reason for the us to be involved as with everything else.Remove the profits from war and it ceases to exist!

You get what you pay for world.. buyer beware!

Not so afraid of guns, cannon, submarines, combat aircraft. Ill be scared if they started selling drones.

I only skimmed the article, and I saw "China" at least a twenty times. So, I'm just guessing this article is about how China is selling almost as many arms as the US.

I've known China was a problem for 50 years. What is new about this? They've been a fright since I was a little kid. I wouldn't know what to do if we were friends with them. Sometimes it's comforting to have a good familiar enemy.

The thought to believe leader of the free and peaceful world is top weapon supplier haha imagine that..

Poor Pakistan, they'll regret buying cheap knock-off #$%$ when it fails on them.

If it is not already, China will be the superpower in the world in this century.  Just based on their sheer population size (buying power), and putting all their money on economic growth and military.  The only thing that would bring them down is if a bunch of their people, I mean a bunch, get tired of their human rights abuses, and revolt.

I just still find it funny that US troops need to fight against our own #$%$? It's a Joke!! This wae is a joke? We should not need to fight our own weapons!

yes and Russia is first they tell us we are war nuts look at what we have to put up with in the world ?yes and Russia is first they tell us we are war nuts look at what we have to put up with in the world ?

I bet Venezuela is send on china's list.

American stuff is rubbish made by tards - they should all buy Chinese90% of the most stupid people in the world live in the USA

Who really didn't know it was China before clicking on the article? hmm

For the last 50 years, there was a country which regularly picked fights and started war and it was not China.

Thank those that don't look for the 'American Made' label for helping build the Chinese empire

Please pass me a chinese rifle Im off to war.

China is sucking everyone's wealth fast. When you spend money at Wallmart, you are conbtributing to China's economy. When we send billions to Pakistan, China is getting 50% cut of that through defense spending.

So Europeans, U.S. and Russians have been dominating arms sales for the last 50 years. China is only starting to get into this game. Of course U.S. and European governments hate competition.

Hey...there is obviously money in weapons! Since americans soon will not be able to buy guns or bullets; perhaps I will start manufacturing slingshots and spears in my shed to sell at my local flea market! I'll be rich.....Who cares who ranks where in this list. What should be of concern to the world is the amount of money diverted from humane causes to military procurement worldwide. A hungry person in India and Africa feels the same hunger pains as a hungry Englishman or a hungry American. lets stop pretending one set of arms kills, destroys or mains less painfully or more humanely than others.

"Pakistan - which accounted for 55 percent of Chinese arms exports - is likely to remain the largest recipient of Chinese arms in the coming years due to large outstanding and planned orders for combat aircraft, submarines and frigates," SIPRI said.The Irony here is that the Pakistani military gets most of their money from the U.S. Government, money which the U.S. borrowed from China.  Looks like we got the short end of the stick, we end up returning the money to China with interest, principal and surplus trade.

GDP per cap is still around 10,000, USA around 45,000

So why is the US still giving money to Pakistan? How dumb is our government? That's messed up!

Pray for a quick solution from the asteroid fairy  to come help the mother with many hits for a quick cooling remedy to her childrens' greed before she dies, leaving us homeless, with no human body to work out our karma (lessons) in compassion and love to prepare us for graduation to enlightenment; instead wailing and circling above the dying earth, without body; where to go next.

I will never look at an Asian amputee the same :(

It's amnesty!

I am sure China's people are proud of this, just like we are proud to be number 1!

they break in 5 minutes after you buy them

Geeezzz i thought Los Angeles is the third arms supplierChina exporting to Pakistan.  A country with no government.  What is this world coming to.

They can't even make a decent pair of Nikes. I wonder if these tanks are well made?

So China now exports a few hundred weapons instead just 150? And rose from 2 to 5% OH MY GOSH! Post some real numbers, returds. Percentages mean nothing without hard numbers.

I swear by all that is real in the cosmos, you boyz is given to performing 2 dollar handjobs under the table. :-0

Boom.

The report fails to state how much money do they make per year.  Starting a War is great for them. They sell to either side  This way we have useless Wars.  It is called GreedBring our Boy back.  Alive!

Can we really be surprised? China has an EXPORT driven economy this was bound to happen.....

Can always count on the pakis who are a major china arms importer.  And we thought those mouse-lems were our allies

thanks to our f companies that outsourced everything f #$%$ made in china nothing but plastic worth #$%$ everything they is #$%$ from toys to shoes to vaccum cleaners f everything they touch is garbage clothes worth #$%$ and the money they make by child labor they make more weapons and sell it to our enemies f american companies they owe our stupid government

sarsthanks to our f companies that outsourced everything f #$%$ made in china nothing but plastic worth #$%$ everything they is #$%$ from toys to shoes to vaccum cleaners f everything they touch is garbage clothes worth #$%$ and the money they make by child labor they make more weapons and sell it to our enemies f american companies they owe our stupid government

sars

yep , they are so far ahead of us it a shame that we are the U.S that's bigger than any country and we sit with our hands under our butts.

Why is this not a surprise?

What are we crying about. We are the #1 arms dealer in the world. China moved up to #5. We have 8 nucleur aircraft carriers. They are just outfitting their first that they bought from the Ukrine 20 years ago. with no airplanes to man it. Britian was selling more arms than China until just this year. Are you all stupid and just go by what the reporters tell you to sell a copy of their paper.

Yeah Baby give me some guns

China following the footsteps of big brother USA one weapon at a time....Anyone else notcing that china is starting to become much much like USA???

"...men, men, men, men...MANLY...men, men, men...."

the military industrial complex at its finest.... gotta love history

Air gunner shooters might want to take advantage of our second amendment to  get some of these advanced weapons. You know gun control bills in congress haven't got a chance of getting through the hous of rep, but in case they do and draw the line between reasonable and unreasonable for joe blow, you better buy them now. They'll make wonderful lawn and roof scultural decorations or ...The thing that many people don't know is that Russia, China and the Middle East will all fire on Israel someday!   Biblical prophecy says so!  This article makes me feel just all warm and fuzzy inside................yeah right!

Do the weapons come with lead paint?

I thought Yahoo wanted gun control, why are they revealing this? Lol.. gov is getting scared by the sec.

And where arethese arms going-most likely to the enemies of free countries, like ours, and China is a big friend of-OBAMA."We are in God's hands, brother-not theirs." Henry V

Noticed couple a them thar white wall tires is a goin flat! Hmm!

And tonight many people will go to bed hungry while munitions makers get richer.

I had a Chinese SKS 7.62 semi-auto. Very well built but inaccurate.

Lol.  Arms from China.  Have you seen the quality of the products they export?  No thanks.  I won't even drink Chinese beer...  I am sure there is some dirty old Chinaman at the end of that line filling the bottles with...  well...  his used beer.

1.3 Billion #$%$ is 1.3 billion too many.

LOL - I wouldn't want to shoot any of them... probably explode in your face when you fire.1.3 Billion #$%$ is 1.3 billion too many.

LOL - I wouldn't want to shoot any of them... probably explode in your face when you fire.

Dont worry guys, Obama will keep us safe.

Yes guns guns guns!

all of us belong to a country, just make sure you are serving it well

What good does arm exportation do for China in terms of being a World Power? They haven't declared war on anyone and have no need to for as long as diplomacy holds a solution. So there's no use for a gun if you aren't prepared to shoot someone. Where is all of this Chinese/Western Hostility coming from?

happyness is a warm gun,mama....

End the world forever God

interesting how the article skirted saying outright that russia &amp; the US are the biggest arm makers..

Lord of War film pretty much say's it all.interesting how the article skirted saying outright that russia &amp; the US are the biggest arm makers..

Lord of War film pretty much say's it all.

you have look who is pulling the stings

when will the world learn to live in peace?Answer: the MIC won't let that happen, there is to much money to be made

they have thanks to senator feinstein

this is all monkey Obama´s fault...he hates white America...White Power.!!!!

war, what is it good for.....

And they want to take our GUNS! What are you doing Obama?

There is a great danger when war is profitable

Its funny how every industry that we back off from the Chinese expand.  Watch how quick the small arms industry picks up in China after obama passes his gun ban. We pull back on carbon emissions and China doubles its coal usage.   Guess we are paying a lot more for those loans then most realize.The Hebrew Bible teaches that Christ by definition means Messiah. We are created to be (Christians) little Messiah's to this World. To help save all Humans from Sin and Death though the name of (Jesus) Yahoshua Messiah is (LORD) YHWH for forgiveness of Sin through repentance. You must believe that (GOD) Elohim raised Yahoshua from the Dead. Those who call upon the name of (YHWH) Yahoshua (Jesus) shall be saved

Humans developing new ways and new weapons to kill other humans. I hope this makes everyone ashamed to be human. And I hope the majority of people (workers, teachers, policemen, firemen, etc.) come to realize that corporations are using them to develop these weapons so they can profit off of war and murder. Only when the 99% realizes and wakes up will there be a people revolution. Viva la Revolución!

Chinese ammunition was made os plastic and papers ,can't hurt our soldiers.

Well after all, China has 5000 yrs of history, so it's normally to see it rise again after it has been in the shadows of the western power for about a century or so. The Japanese called America is a sleeping giant. Well China is a sleeping dragon, sooner or later it will awake once again.

got'a love the white walls

How dare the Chinese cut into the American death market.

Funny... our gov't is trying to disarm it's citizens, but still supplies our enemies with weapons that will be used against us.

Makes sense, the US gives billions to Pakistan so they can buy weapons from China.

i sho doo wants a gun ban in china.

if war breaks through for sure half of it will explode on thier faces. MADE IN CHINAIsrael sells to communist china, allot of weapons technology that is given to them and paid for by the US debt bondage tax slaves

Surely those whitewall tires will not be noticeable by the enemy.

It's very interesting to know who they sell the arms to as well.... I think the Chinese rule of thumb is simple... if they are enemies of the United States, they're China's favorite customers..

Wow anti-aircraft guns with whitewall tires. Do they also come with stereo radio and power windows?

The size of the Chinese military is often exaggerated. Its effectiveness is often underestimated.

With in coming 20 years China will produce world class:*C.P.U, Cars, Airplane, Ships, Satellite, hi-speed train, many more Hi Tech Innoventions !!! are coming !!!!!China is READY !!!!! in all fields of Competitions !!!!China Rise !!!!China kickass! kickbutts ! New Innoventions are Coming !!!

“Mainland” China and those 3rd world countriers "keep producing people"  with limited resources.    Those “Mainland” China and 3rd world countries people keep exporting their people to USA,    e.g. study only 5 years in med school(those countries are not doing post-degree medical education, they are doing 5-years medical education after high school,  it is a short-cut.), do some manipulation , then rush to USA,   or do some computer programs, engineering programs in “mainland” China or those 3rd world countries, then  rush to USA.      What those hypocrites in USA doing is acting and pretending deaf or blind so that they can keep importing those immoral, selfish and greedy people from those uncivilized countries , “mainland” China and those 3rd world countries,......   Those people educated in “mainland” China as well as those 3rd world countries, then, went to USA to make (scam, defraud, forgery,.....with their unqualified education )big money.    For example,  those “mainland” China people, 3rd world countries people, middle east just like cockroaches and rats breeders,    they speed their people's education, e.g. 5 years medical education,...... some short-cut computer programs, engineering programs...... then, export their graduates to foreign countries, "mostly" to USA ,  England before( but England already "block" them, England doesnt take those 3rd world countries graduates anymore ),   then, make big money in USA.   it is quite unbelievable ,  how could those students barely speak any English,  if they really took and passed those "real exam" to get in those universities programs in USA,  because English is one of compulsory subject, those students must pass before they can get in USA university.   If those universities don’t have double standard to take those foreign students, mainly, from “”mainland” China”, “”Taiwanese””, “”Middle east””, ““Pakistan””, **Turkey&lt;full of shameless and evil people, their people extremely arrogant and filthy&gt;**(with extremely thick accent, the same as those from “mainland” China, and barely could be understandable, and their people like blow their own trump, saying something like their education is very good and superior to that of USA, arrogant and evil. They get very well relationship with “mainland” China,  USA spent tons of money in Pakistan, middle east and paved the road for “mainland” China rats and cockroaches to harvest the crop.  Their people scamming around, make up stories and rumor around,  immoral and selfish.)…..  Because as I know some of them not just barely speak any English, they barely read and write any English.

Don't worry, USA and Russia is #1 and #2, the rest of the 3rd and 4th spot are occupied by peaceful democratic nations of EU.

So basically we're giving Pakistan billions of dollars annually so they can buy arms from China which in return upgrades their military capability so they can challenge the US when a shooting war erupts over Taiwan and/or South China sea disputes with countries where the US has mutual defense treaty like the Philippines.

I love the idea of China making and selling weapons, that way the weapons will never work properly insuring a speedy end to any conflick. They can make didley squat right now what makes china think they can make a weapon that won't blow up in your face the second you try and use it LOL this is a good laugh, thanks Yahoo.What is five arms?

I wonder if it even works. Most Chinese hardware is junk.

I remember before China everybody was talking about Japan will overtake US economy. But look what happened to Japan. China may overtake US but corruption, stealing and copying other inventions will only take you so far and another problem with China is the censorship and 1 child policy.  Soon China will have the aging population to deal with and this will put them in debt. Next decade will be very important to China because soon they will start to lose their work force to aging and 1 child policy. You can already see this because if you do go to China you see lots of elders left behind by their country and by their kids. Many of them are dying alone, and in poverty.

so when the chinese s.a.m.s shoot down the american made drones in pakistan air space , will we still get along enough to take on north korea, who will probably be using the chinese made surface to air missles too? Seems like china has a win, win stake in this.

China is armming al-Assad and were armming the terrorist that take UN peace workers hostage.

The issue is how long it will last? Assume it "Made in China" right?

Wow, this is news for us in America! The debt that we owe China can be used by their Defense Dept. and they can sell it to our potential enemies, depending on how our president and Secy. of State strategize. But I wouldn't worry that the Chinese would misuse their power even if they have that capability. China just wants to be on an even keeling with the rest of the world. Just goes to show how backwards we're going to become in the yrs. ahead from inflation and irresponsible spending by the gov't. Not to mention that our arms were stolen by Mexico during Obama's administration. I wouldn't be surprised if he allows Mexican illegal immigrants in and using our healthcare.

While it has actually already begun, outright war in the Middle East will be known to the world come January or February. Russia and China will stay out of the conflict for the most part, however secret arms shipments will be revealed. But eyes need to be centered still on China and Russia for I feel that the war in Iran, Israel, Syria may be a diversion of some sort. That China and Russia are planning for “bigger fish to fry.”

One of the banner at the Foxconn factory in China wrote: " If you're not working hard today. you'll that you will work much harder tomororow". you'll have no job tomorow period. Got it America. China doesn't tax working people to feed bummers and illigal immigrants. Sic!

More so nationalistic drive that we in the us seem to have lost ... China do not have four bank comtromlling there oil, steel, concrete, and other resources .... The country control these things and i think on a globle scale .... These things ot to be control for the country .... Especially when these companies are living off of the american government ... Direct or indirect ....oops, it is about political. Sorry, wrong place . I am out if here.

But, Chinese China is the best in the world. I use Chinese bowls for many years. It neither gets too hot nor broken easily when I use it for hot food. I am really impressed and love it so much.

#$%$? biggest buyer is Pakistan? How many of my tax dollars goes to the backward #$%$ bites in pakistan and they wont buy american? The more i learn bout pakistan the more i hope india nukes them

"China's share of global arms trade rising from 2 percent to 5 percent."  I wonder who owns the other 95%?

I totally hope no one falls for buying their arms.  They are banking on the arms not working properly when they try to take over the world... Talk about people having their heads in the sand, or up their #$%$..... If it says "made in China" I DON"T WANT IT !!!!

Well if these weapons are manufactured anything like EVERYTHING ELSE manufactured in China, then it makes me feel better about the national security of the US - #$%$ that is "Made in China" is such garbage and break after a couple months!

Americans' first should look for "made in USA."  If cannot find it, then buy from our friends like Japan, South Korea, India, France.  Never buy "made in China."  All those money goes into weapons pointed at us.

I figured they were #1.

Americans, can't make a TV can't make anything

Perhaps we should import some of ours to the Chinese.They were backing the racist black african communist terrorist groups in the 60's-80's that ethnically cleansed the white africans from every nation except SA.

One of these days the US will be a police State we will all be forced to speak Mandarin our future genrations will not know English as a first language at least and their Global Domitation shall be complete. The sleeping Calculating Dragon. I HATE WAR esp the wars that we have waged for only the personal gain of the select few. This would be a dangerous and costly war but something must be done before time is up to do anything at all.

If we let the Govenor of Wisconsin have his way, he'll be selling freshly mined iron ore to China, so they can build all the guns they want.   That Guy should be shot for treason.

your weapon and used widely over the world was based on china's old weapon to surrender Manchu.

cool.

Made in CHINA for American GUN NUTS, LOL LMFAO, Nuts....

Who cares if China was even #1 exporter?  They will never be able to produce quality anything.  It's not in their blood to do something honest like that.

We all love one horse race.  Hypocrite world.  How much have we spent on peace?  How many child have the civilized nations killed or ruined their lives?

China  was always making weaponry, only now, they are more open about it due to their economic power.

And we cut our military budget in half, not such a smart move.And we cut our military budget in half, not such a smart move.

US = world's #1 exporter of weapons &amp; pre-emptive wars ............ now see; we really do need The 2nd Amendment ..........

We all know Russian made guns are STILL the best!

Arms exporting should be illegal

Yeah we borrowed money from them(IE prining money we don't have) and sent Eqypt M1 tanks and F16 fighter planes.  Does anyone else see a problem with this?  I don't care what King Obama things you "DO NOT GIVE FIRST LINE" military equipment to a country like Eqypt period.

Chinese AK's are awful.

All that means is that 162% of the world's weapons won't work.

U.S should be on top and by top I mean crushing the competition

beware the yellow horde...

Watch out the U N is comming for us and Obama will open the door. Yes where did he come.beware the yellow horde...

Watch out the U N is comming for us and Obama will open the door. Yes where did he come.

Could China be so kind as to export an nuke to both North Korea and Iran that explodes on arrival.

every murdering low life in all nations will have semi auto AK47s  won't that be nice?

Think of this scenario...Enemy of the US fights with some Chinese weapon of dubious quality against combat proven US made weapon. Good news!

we borrow money from china to give to israel the use the money to syp on us and buy congress and the senate and then we go to war to defeat am enemy israel created

Lol, I wouldn't drive a car made in China, let alone a plane ;)

Pretty soon if you join the army.. you'll be sent off to basic and when you get your uniform it will read "made in china" then you get your m16, it'll say the same.

like John Fogerty sang, "Violence is golden."

As a Tribesman, I find western arms lacking in that devastating effectiveness I expect in my weaponry. I think this Native American would like to try Chinese firearms now.like John Fogerty sang, "Violence is golden."

As a Tribesman, I find western arms lacking in that devastating effectiveness I expect in my weaponry. I think this Native American would like to try Chinese firearms now.

I come here for the comments.

I'm moving to China! whose coming???

this top 5 is a shameful list to be on.. 5 war profiteers. Stop the violence, at home and oversees.

So much money wasted on these useless arms. Free death but not free healthcare,

hmm so we are downsizing are military, disarming our citizens, and china just became the worlds power for military weapons. They don't have to go to war with us they will just arm one of the many countries that hate us and have them do their dirty work. WWIII is already underway in the form of economic warfare, step 2 disarm us (in progress), step 3 elimination... think what you want be prepared for the worst hope for the best, keep your head on a swivel.

The entire article was about China as the number 5 exporter, what about countries 1 to 4? The United States military is as big as the next 8 countries and most of them are our allies.Buried in here is that China exports 2% to the US exports of 30%.

"China is well on its way to become World dominant financially, and under our watch, they might become the Worlds strongest military power. They have superior finances, the raw material access, and the manufacturing base lost by the US. In addition they also have the nationalistic drive that we in the US seem to have lost......."And HOW do you think this has happened . . . ? . . . Because RICH &amp; POWERFUL Westerners - mainly Americans (GOP 'patriots', go "RIGHT" to the head of the Line . . .) - allowed this TREACHERY to happen . . . so they could continue to ENRICH their own personal WEALTH &amp; POWER (there by costing MANY, MANY, MANY American workers their jobs and their livelyhoods) . . . the Ultimate Triumph of the Dark Side . . . continues, LIVE &amp; in ACTION, in your town, now.UNGODLY SHAMEFUL . . . . . . to the Greatest extent ever possible!

Israel invites their customers to try out their weapons on Palestinian citizens. Live field trials. They did it in the '80's with their invasion of the Beka valley in Lebanon. Widely publicized in western press, Time magazine for example. Where's the international moral outrage?Israel invites their customers to try out their weapons on Palestinian citizens. Live field trials. They did it in the '80's with their invasion of the Beka valley in Lebanon. Widely publicized in western press, Time magazine for example. Where's the international moral outrage?

Maybe the US should buy their aircarft, instead of the billion dollar blunder F35.

From what I've seen, their weapons are cheap hunks of scrap.

I wonder if China's military exports are made with the same great quality of items sold in Dollar Stores in the U.S.  If so, then a rocket sent from Pakistan into India may just wind up exploding in some part of China!

boycott chinese goods,,there still chinese weapons ar15s an pistolsplus hunting rifles being sold in canada,,,they have some of the tuffess gun laws there, look it up,,,we should make more products tvs cells,,and american firearms,,,just let people take tests to seeing if there not sick in the mind,,,,when they buy a firearm,,,,,

#$%$ china.

I wonder who the number 1 is?

wow it makes me proud to know that the land of the free sales weapons of tyranny to the world....   and if we took half that money we could have fre education healthcare for all and infrastructure that wasn't breaking down.  oops but wait that is evil....

This article is supposed to be about the top 5 largest merchants of death {euphemistically called "arms exporters"). Yet  it looks like another cheaply disguised piece of anti-Chinese propaganda from some US outfit. Could it all be an attempt to mask, confuse and hide the hard,cold fact that the USA is and has been since 1942, the larges"arms exporter" in the world?

We americans are sooo arrogant! Makes me wanna 'puke'! ...if we ever get nuked, i wonder how long it would take for americans to go cannibal???use once throw away by another

Wonder if any of their stuff even works .....?

This article is hilarious....  As if China is becoming the world's boogeyman of arms sales...    How about a bit of reality on this.....   &gt;&gt;&gt;  "Overseas weapons sales by the United States totaled $66.3 billion, or more than three-quarters of the global arms market, valued at $85.3 billion in 2011. Russia was a distant second, with $4.8 billion in deals.  ---  And for those who are writing that China is soon to become THE world military power....  Do a bit of research and compare US vs. China total defense spending....    The US is so far ahead, PLUS, if you add in the defense spending of US allies, China is still a mosquito.    Enough of the fear mongering to get the US public to support even more military spending!!!

The reason the U.S. sells the most is because we make the BEST !!!!

Great.... so....   How does Pakistan get the kinda $$$ to buy arms from China?   From the other superpowers who are afraid that not funding their security could lead to WMDs falling into the wrong hands?  That's only one reason.... Let Pakistan manage itself.  We should be either developing redundant missle defense systems to guarantee continued and assured safety against North Korea, Iran, and some of our less-friendly global neighbors. Obama should cut funding, get our troops out of there, warn them that if we come back, we're going to make Pakistan the 51st state, unless we add Iran first, which would make it the 52nd...

Yeah when they storm our shores. We Americans are doooooooooomed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

we have warhead's in space china will be a parking lot

Gives the term "Pump you full of lead" a new meaning....   :-)

They sell we give ours for free to IsraelWho modify them stamp made in IsraelAnd sell them in direct competition with America. Congress traitors

Google "Chickens Come Home to Roost: US Technology Goes To North Korea via Israel to China to North Korea"China is preparing to take out the U.S when they say "oh you wan to collect what we owe you now?".

google "Israel Sells Arms To China" they sell our secret military technology so communist China can upgrade theirs and eventually threaten US and our troops

of course, the most profitable businesses are Weapons, drugs and human trafficking...havent you realize that yet? and our country is supporting it? have we ever wonder why so many wars in this world and we blame others? and create war on terrorism propaganda and warring our muslim world brothers? I am not surprised that our country is one of the king and still claim we are the king of peace..jezzz.....shame on us...using the patriotic as a cover for neo collonialism or so called Amercan empire around the world? yet to justify democratic? still we support all tyrannies dictator that bow to us?..what a lame act....shame shame shame on us...

Hey China, got any 9mm Ammo. Can't seem to find any here in the USA, or is obama buying all your's as well. I would be interested in 10,000 rounds of Hollow Points. Please reply before the Civil War Starts. Thank You Very Much. P.S. Our leader also is a Tyrant.

LOL come with white wall tires on ever canon, shot's 5 rounds and blow up,look like 1950's Buick tires

Don't worry, the United States is still the #1 exporter of death. USA, USA, USA, USA, USA!!!!!!!!!!!!!

if their guns are anything like the other stuff they make their in trouble because they make junk

China will emplode soon or later ,1.7 billion is that small space cannot long endure.

thankgod for the chinese

According to the gun nuts Pete You can buy a Tank! Sounds right to me! However I am wondering just WHERE to buy those BIG SHELLS???? Maybe Wallmart ?? Perhaps one of those NRA Tank owners will know!!!! Then I'm going after a good used F4 Phantom. Full armed of course. Hey it's my right under the Constitution!!thankgod for the chinese

According to the gun nuts Pete You can buy a Tank! Sounds right to me! However I am wondering just WHERE to buy those BIG SHELLS???? Maybe Wallmart ?? Perhaps one of those NRA Tank owners will know!!!! Then I'm going after a good used F4 Phantom. Full armed of course. Hey it's my right under the Constitution!!

I bet everybody posting comments on this board shops at Wal-Fart.

And Obama wants to limit me to 10 bullets in my hand gun.

Pakistan gets invaded every twelve years by the Hindu (only adult) sinners from India: this year was the 12th year since the previous invasion... Pakistan is on the border betweenAfghanistan and India: it seems likely India should have nuked Pakistan years ago butfor some insane reason, Pakistan is always friendly with the worst non-political politicalfaux leader the US press corps can churn out... Obamanable. HIV infected people onlybelieve they can benefit if all--any or it doesn't matter how a person is being--other peopleare deceased; HIV is the post-humous bacteria that can only live if it has corpses (or those fast on their way to being corpses) to feed on. If bulimic atrophied or decomposing people act out on their fantasies (post-humous induced psychosis) to murder/rob by identity theft,the person inadvertently or directing chooses the bacteria's reality to be that of a person's self and thus HIV becomes viral (it develops into a virus by self-replication without defensive reaction by the willing host/hostess) by choice. If the decomposition could be stopped (prevented by anatomically correct behavior and reason): unless the damage done by a person is already so great--past the point of return--a person could recover to be a self-supportive productive person. But so far, that's not what's happening. Too many peoplebelieve they are already so hopeless, so desperate, so worthless, it no longer matterswhat they do: consequently, the feed the virus while going through the fits of ego-mania.They don't enjoy living and they aren't living: they only pursue efforts to stop being their own identity to steal another identity to continue being as unsuccussful if not more unsuccussful;they don't want to steal identities to live better lives, they want to steal other identities toruin those with even more crime than they've already committed to ruin their own identity.It's maddening or criminally insane: it defeats the whole purpose of economy and commerce as it threatens every country. It's been happening since the beginning of civilization but it's worse now because there are many more unhealthy dying only people vs healthy living ones. This failed health of the masses needs to be addressed feasibly, rationally, realistically and not just ignored before everyone is blown to bits too hastily.

Slave labor equals #$%$ quality. These guns will just as good as all of the other #$%$ they make.

Long live China! glory to Mao!

Now the Armies will have low confidence when they see ' Made in China' in their Guns!!

I didn't even need to look at this story to know it was China the number one exporter of weapons to Africa to encourage intra racial genocide.

I say let every third world sht whole buy from China because all the weapson will jam, misfire,or fall apart. I think its a good strategy.I say let every third world sht whole buy from China because all the weapson will jam, misfire,or fall apart. I think its a good strategy.

China is the number 1 economy.  Thanks to the greed

China sux

0users liked this commentThumbs UpThumbs Down0users disliked this commentDave • a second agoRemoveChina got much of their weapons expertise from Israel which has for decades been selling US weapons and stolen secrets to China. Google: Israel sells US arms to China 1993 New York Times.Also google: Patriot missiles seized sold to China.

So basically cheap weapons like the cheap toys.

China is taking over the world!!! We have to stop them!!!

That's Free Enterprise for you... Now we need to start manufacturing more guns and ammo to export rather than supplying it all for Obama's Brown Shirt Army...

Gringos been doing it from years. Guns are cheaper than groceries

Thanks to Bush for allowing China to steal our technology and technical expertise.

Ain't no good - made in china.Those some of those weapons will end up on the hands of #$%$ who will shoot innocent people at schools,malls,movie theaters,street...Nothing will be done aftermath since the judicial system sucks anyway.

china is the 2nd largest economy????what kind of joke of reporting is thatfirst its the  2 nd largest AGricultural economy... barely and just barely able to feed its own peopleand as an export economy doesnt even rank in the top tenwhat kind of a joke report is thisif you think exporting to walmart makes it a  POWERhouse youre in lala landtexas has a BIGGER  industrial economy than china hahhahahaha

Support China, stop American imperialism.

we want peace, not just always carrying guns.

We borrow from the Chinese and gives 90 billion a year to Pakistan so they can buy Chinese weapons. Our seniors are going hungry because they have to pick between food or the high price of medications. Then our soldiers have died in foreign land (Iraq and Afghanistan) to satisfy the idiots in Washington. If all this make any sense to anyone, please explain to me.

Yes it's true. That's what we call, "Made in China".

I dont worry abt wars but god ll cares in the world. god has powerful than world. god very tired wars and fight so god ll destory on earth so better think abt it and world to need grow up and stop it angry at people cause world not fault

China is on the path of Pro-Union riots and environmental catastrophies. Should be a fun show to watch. The Illuminati didn't plan on their new golden child to be so f"ed up.John Lennon should have sang, "Imagine if China had the 2nd Amendment".

Now let us now face the fact that China is what we call a sleeping Giant, As a matter of fact as we see now the situation, It will gonna wake up at anytime now.

Now you know why these countries don't want peace in south east Asia, there will so many job loss when there is no war. This is such a dirty game on innocent people livesBrace ourselves china might occupy philippines territories namely scarborough and spratly they can push forward without knowing

The black &amp; white tires are easy targets from the sky!!!

china, hats off.

Too bad they have to recall the weapons because of lead paint

this world is rediculus. instead of focusing on sometimes goood, this people are making weapons

Betcha a lot of these weapons are going to China's pal Assad!  That "revolution" is doomed.

Hmm, thats what I need whitewallss on my anti tank gun .Helps it shoot straight and makes it harder to see in the dark.

I will say  in a bout 20 years China will replace USA as the most powerful country military.

I agree.  US makes top grade military hardware.  The only draw back is that all of these top grade hardware are so dame expensive and over priced that even the US military can't afford them anymore.

They should stop this!.....Who did'nt know China was positioning itself where it's suppose to be on the world stage(exactly),because this is one big play..How can someone who did'nt know North Korea could be capable of hitting U.S mainland,say,that Iran is a year or more from being able to obtain a nuke?I will say  in a bout 20 years China will replace USA as the most powerful country military.

I agree.  US makes top grade military hardware.  The only draw back is that all of these top grade hardware are so dame expensive and over priced that even the US military can't afford them anymore.

They should stop this!.....Who did'nt know China was positioning itself where it's suppose to be on the world stage(exactly),because this is one big play..How can someone who did'nt know North Korea could be capable of hitting U.S mainland,say,that Iran is a year or more from being able to obtain a nuke?

How about we send our anti gun people to thoes countries to sell their ideas there?

Wide whitewalls on an anti-aircraft gun!  I'm betting the guy that ordered these has a name like Shitavious Woo or  Demontre Fong!

Disarm the U.S.!!

china is a joke for so much flaunting their weapons for thier dictator whenever. any country can come into thier country on one of thier parades where they have endless tanks and marines and just take out all of thier army in one airstrike. done in a second

I think Donald Trump had ordered the whitewall tires on those cannons, but his bankruptcy application is still pending

A call for Peace and Protection of nature all around the Globe.War is wrong.

The Chinese owned and exported too less weapons per capital. They should catch up with US, to own 4-5 guns per family and export at least 20 times more than it does now.I think Donald Trump had ordered the whitewall tires on those cannons, but his bankruptcy application is still pending

A call for Peace and Protection of nature all around the Globe.War is wrong.

The Chinese owned and exported too less weapons per capital. They should catch up with US, to own 4-5 guns per family and export at least 20 times more than it does now.

the wepons will poison the owners before they can use them

Don't you just love it? Pakistan gets billions of dollars from us and they are using our money to purchase weapons from the Chinese. They also harbored our worst enemy Bin Laden. No wonder Americans can't distinguish between their friends and their enemies - they are the same. Ditto for Afghanistan where Karsai has said that if there is war between the U.S. and Pakistan that Afghanistan will fight on the side of Pakistan. Lovely bunch of friends we have!

Who are these people with thumbs down on this page. Obama voters? How stupid could they possibly be!

Learn Chinese !!!

Google "PAUL BALLES: American Public Generally Unaware of Israel’s Theft of U S Military Secrets"

This is sickening. No wonder the U.S. has such a gun fetish. We arm the nuts, then we send our people to die fighting the nuts. Hundreds of thousands dead. Thousands maimed for life. All under the myth that they sacrificed for their country. Sad.

So the U.S. sells more WMD than any other country on earth. GEE .... What a supprise.And we worry about Iran, which by the way will be the pawn China and Russia and the U.S. will use as a reason to start the big one.  Iran by the way has been trying to develope an atomic bomb since way back in the nineties and it only took the U.S., Russia , France, Britian, China, N. Korea, Israel. India a few years to develope theirs once they started. Iran has been trying for over 15 years and still not got it ? Think not.?  Yes  they already  have it and are stockpiling so they will be in the league will other Nuclear powers.So the U.S. sells more WMD than any other country on earth. GEE .... What a supprise.And we worry about Iran, which by the way will be the pawn China and Russia and the U.S. will use as a reason to start the big one.  Iran by the way has been trying to develope an atomic bomb since way back in the nineties and it only took the U.S., Russia , France, Britian, China, N. Korea, Israel. India a few years to develope theirs once they started. Iran has been trying for over 15 years and still not got it ? Think not.?  Yes  they already  have it and are stockpiling so they will be in the league will other Nuclear powers.

And who is #1?That's what the article should be about, who is causing all of this, not those trying to keep up.

oh no you do not want your #$%$ weapon act like #$%$.... when you are fired it.

So what's the problem? I think the world need the emergence and the assertiveness of new powers to tone down the western powers. It's good for the peace in the world. I am convinced that the world will be better off if there are 10 super power distributed on the 5 continents.

Lefties will be quiet because they are not caucasian.

If I was a country, there is no way I would have bought any "Lead-filled Chinese weapon"

god ll destory ur land and it ll high waves over land it ll lose land no more people live there

think tank = eggheads without any real world knowledge or experience.

Ju den has done well but he is coming down now, all thanks to little St. Simon of Trent. Ju den maso nic  pyra mid of l i e s has fallen, has fallen down and  d i e d.Boohah !Search St. Simon of Trent.

The U.S manufactures the most weapons, and we seem to be involved in the most wars. We used to be #1 in many nobel things (making weapons isn't included). What has caused this country to slip so far?Ju den has done well but he is coming down now, all thanks to little St. Simon of Trent. Ju den maso nic  pyra mid of l i e s has fallen, has fallen down and  d i e d.Boohah !Search St. Simon of Trent.

The U.S manufactures the most weapons, and we seem to be involved in the most wars. We used to be #1 in many nobel things (making weapons isn't included). What has caused this country to slip so far?

F the chinese they cant even make food you eat chinese food 30 mins later your hungry again!! We all know the chinese are backing packistan by the way the chinese wepons and guns suck i would not even buy a gun that was made in china f the chinese

can we war china now?

China is untouchable no matter what the white house says

Go China, China rules and owns the USA!

US is still claiming itseld a peaceful nation, The largest exporter of Arms, what a contrast

Toys "R" us for big kids with no brains !!!

The world of mankind in the year 2013...The tail is waggin the f--king dog!! we are doomed

Let me get this :USA gives Pakistan  billions of dollars a year, and they are using the money  (all of it ) to buy weapons  from China, USA main enemy.......USA are morons.Now i have warm fuzzy feeling, knowing Pakistan is well armed.  Such a well adjusted happy society.

The word is out China found peace not war it has given them what all the war threats couldn't thanks to capitalism build cheap sell high by all the companies who are setup in China to-day Every country can't wait to get into that country and have their products copied and we don't have to wonder what the out come will be.The rich are getting richer.

China will take easier route. Steal designs , R &amp; D work and manufacture and then sale.As a nation I don't know how  China shape in another 20 years. Will they really uplift the whole population, uplift the value of democracy, free speech, transparent governance ....? Unfortunately their allies are mostly rouge nations. Need to be seen their model of Communism is effective or not.

Right behind Russia and the US...  Oops...

Nicolo down there has the right idea. China has its own problems, just as every country. What is most sad though is that, the People's Republic of China has come through imperialist invasion, civil war, the horrors of the revolutionary period (1949-1976), to be just like every body else, selling death to the highest bidder.

if the weapons are anything like rest of China's exports, be broken after first use

if those weapons are defected  during fighting?

In the end China will provide the dry cleaning

These types of sales happen all the time.  They don't indicate whether a country is going to be a military/economic power or not.  The true enabler of military power is in information technology and I believe China is still ways behind the west in that regard.  It's interesting to note, but I don't think it warrants China's so-called "rise".  Most of that country is still primarily third-world...

good for them but i am sure all the brain washed China haters will say this is prove they are evil yet they ignore the us is the number 1 seller.good for them but i am sure all the brain washed China haters will say this is prove they are evil yet they ignore the us is the number 1 seller.

First! har har har har har harPirate weapons made in china! har har har har har

You can buy a good 3 D printer and make your own.

contaminated with melamine and madaling ma lowbat hehehehe mas credible pa ang gawang CEbu hehheheh

its funny when American troops get blown up by American made weapons

Jews whine too much.

It's odd we have no problem with Pakistan's nuclear weapons.

The NRA arming criminals and enemies to create the fear to sell more to you. Sieg Heil Nra!

Mass production, cheaper models/replicas, cheap labor.. hey thats the equation for a very profitable global market

nu bayan made in china... toy gun...