And here I thought politicians were supposed to vote for the people that got them elected - not for the party that got them elected. This is the great danger of political parties - the party is more important than the constituents.

lots have rode the wave into POLITICSand we expect POLITICIANS TO BE TRUTHFUL AND NOT LIE, STEAL, CHEAT or be immoral

was it not obvious from the start that experienced politicians would do anything in their power to corrupt a third party platform like that of M5S? BEFORE parliamentarians from M5S became elected they knew their political platform and it was voted on by the people so why did these parliamentarians cast secret ballots and vote for the center left? they may have their own sensibilities and are not governed by remote control but the M5S parliamentarians are already behaving like the experienced corrupt politicians they claim not to be. it is so disappointing to so many people who placed their hope in these people to make legislative changes in italy. the movement already appears to be corrupted by the status quo.

i think the italian tieves have succeded in having Grillo work for them.,,, with or without his knowledge

This guy reminds me of Castro or Lenin right before (and as) they took power.  They ascended on the rising tide of populist anger over the establishment, but were dictators in the end anyway.  In this case, the establishment really stinks too.  When will people wake up and learn the answer has always, is always and will be always, decentralization of power back to The People.

As long as they remain in the EU it will be impossible to have a government that represents Italians.

Horse trading, buying votes that is, is a problem in India also! Making votes public can make them accountable..And lobbyists..so that any contribution is public..

You commentors obviously know little about what is really happening in Italy. Please study it more and stop getting your slanted "news" only from Reuters. You're embarrassing yourselves and don't know it. Thanx.

Grillo is another one of those wanna be puppet dictator that believes in his own self importance rather than the good of the people....

Reminds me of Obama and his unions

Seems that Grillo would fit in better in Moscow.Seems that Grillo would fit in better in Moscow.

Personality-wise he seems just like his political foe Berluscone.

DUCE!!!!

Gotta love a democracy in which you are held to account for your voting other than as ordered.

Italian style; this guy is savior, redeemer, messiah, and King Arthur of Italy.Long live Grillo

Another masonic ju den inspired clow n.

hey grillo !!!...GET LOST FOREVER...WANNABE A NEW MUSSOLINI !!!!

An Italian version of Napolean?  Or perhaps a budding Mussolini?