perhaps they could re-brand them as "Imagine" and sell them in Victoria Secret stores?

go to peopleofwalmart and check out the yoga pants link.

it really depends who is wearing them to determine if they are too revealing

pictures?

Not even a PG picture with a story like this?  Typical Yahoo...

So sheer becuse people try and stuff 200lbs of #$%$ into them!

Fabric suppliers cut costs just a tiny bit by reducing fiber counts.

I 'see' nothing wrong.........

Where are the pics?

Fifty pound butts in twenty pound pants.Dam, no pictures!

No more "smuggling biscuits"

wow, a quality control problem from their sweat shop in Asia...who would have guessed that ?

I'm sure it wouldn't stop some women from wearing them ;)

I wanna be in the back of the yoga class during "downward doggie"!;-)

If you stuff 300# in a 100# bag -it ain't pretty.

i need photographic evidence

I want to judge for myself,     ladies

Sequester pants.

Where do I get the recalled version for my wife?How is it too revealing?  Can you at least show a picture?

Too sheer? I don't see a problem.

Do you think that Sam Poser could have used a better phrase for his clients: Wait and see?

When stock climbs from $3 to $65 it is time to sell. Stock like this never stays on top.

D*a*m*n. you'd think they would reveal the revealing but its a trick. men fall for it every time. HAAhahahHAhahHAHahaha

images?

Picture?

That's okay, American Apparel still sells plenty of awesome stretchy pants!

Spandex only stretches so much.  Put a size 16 into almost any fabric size 8 and it will become see-through.  lol

Why not provide these pants to people who can't afford new clothes, etc.When is AP going to recall this story for defective writing?"The Luon pants are one of the retailer's product staples and Cowen analyst Faye Landes said that if there is any comfort could to found, it is that Lululemon is not facing a demand problem."

CAMEL TOE !

Lululemon recalls yoga pants, says they are too sheer....As a scientist I cannot take their word at face value.... I need to "examine" said pants on a beautiful woman as she performs her Yoga moves.....

Good. I don't want to see that.

How about just wearing a longer length tee shirt to cover up your booty?

cmon AP no pic?

Don't blame the pants for what they reveal, America.You're fat.

One recall I disapprove of.

Sounds like corporate 'transparency' is improving.

yahoo has failed us again WITH NO PICTURES!!!So Creed was minding the QA?

Because of her sheer yoga pants, I lowered my outlook on Lulu.  Pants.

What a great marketing scheme.  They'll get a boost out of this!

I brought this problem to the attention of my girlfriend as she was heading out for her yoga class, she had no idea they were as transparent as they were once you put them on,

China quality...need one say more?

Speaking of "The Women of Walmart", as many mentioned, there should be a law passed that Spandex or Yoga outfits should be restricted in size to a level somewhat below that of a beached whale. I would suggest two sizes below morbid obesity. As sure as heck, the morbidly obese women would still be trying to squeeze themselves into that unattainable size. And think that they are sexy and "plus size pretty".

Sounds like a great product to me.

To sheer as in see through. Oh no, everyone can see my privates. Yikes!

Maybe that is why they were so popular!  Although, honestly not on everyone.

And this is yet another reason why manufacturing in Asia can wind up biting you in the keister.No photo and very little mention of the problem with the yoga pants - more like an article that should only be in the financial section.

Those pants on HOT women can never be TOO revealing!

There is nothing immoral nor weird about showing a little bush. Stop complaining.

why do they have to recall them?   If people don't like them, they can return them

Too revealing? I'll be the judge of that. The rest of you just go about your business.

Bad marketing, just sell them to the kardashians

Well I guess you can expect male attendance to drop by 90% now.

Now that's a damn shame.

Actually it was a size 16 woman squeezed into a size 5 neoprene wet suit.

Isn't revealing everything the point of these pants? I see your camel toe!Girls were being sent home from schools.

We would like to judge for ourselves.

Lets all take a few moments of silence to honor the team of scientists at Dupont who invented Spandex.

pics???

The only problem with Lulu is they make large sizes! Some women have no business wearing yoga pants.

They are better than commando Yoga pants

What was revealed? Are there pictures? Where are the pictures?

Is there a camel toe problem?  How are they "revealing"?

As you bend over--performing the difficult and hazardous lulu position--

This is what happens when you outsource everything, quality control is impossible until it's too late.  Had the manufacturing been done in the usa, the company would be able to check out what's coming off the line before it gets shipped.Fatties in yoga pants, now that will make anyone drive into a ditch.

Knew it couldn't last . Saw some working out last Friday ....best beaver shots ever . It's like a conspiracy or something .....can't have ANY fun .

I dont think I want to live in a world where women cant wear revealing pants.

Too sheer for whom? --

I thought it was a ploy by Lululemon to more guys interested in yoga. "Yoga with Lululemon yoga pants: Guys come to yoga for the fitness, stay for the show!"

Le toe de camel?

I fall apart laughing when I see a Wal-Mart isle totally blocked by the 2 women wearing them.

I'll miss shopping at the grocery on weekday mornings ogling the lovely young women in their very tight very see through pants. All good things must pass.

And guys around the world cried....

Lulu asks that you send all used yoga pants to Bill Cordova.  You will receive full refunds.  If your yoga pants are particularly used and sweaty you will get a double refund.Its Bushs fault...

I saw a very pretty girl in the airport wearing these pants last year.  Every time she bent over to pick something up the fabric stretched a little and you could see that not only was she not wearing a thong or panties but you could see her cheechadee perfectly!  Had to go to the bathroom several times after seeing this terrible awful sight.....LoL

NOOOO! that is the only reason I do yoga, to get a good "downward dog" view.

This makes me sad, guess I can start doing spin classes again.

See, they've missed a perfect opportunity. Just remarket them as fetish-wear or specialty clothing and double the price.

Downward facing dog gets face licked

This article is worthless without photos!!!

No pictures? Then it's not true.

Publicity stunt.They won't be able to keep this stuff on the shelf.

Let me be the judge.  I'll need 2-3 weeks of models parading by and then I'll hand down my decision as to whether I find them acceptable.I am bummed... gotta love the way they look.

Sheer, see-through pants, - wait &amp; See approach. - Mr Obvious

Attention women, sheer yoga is super hot.

specially when Chantelle the plummer's niece is wearing them !!

Pics or it didn't happen.

Let me guess, they are made in India, so the gangs can pick out their victims.

I looooooved those things.  Every time I saw a woman wearing them, it made my day!  And they knew as well as I did that they were transparent.  That's what made it so great.

Please, this will only increase the demand and price, as you can never be to sexy.

Wow, this is REAL NEWS...........thanks Yahoo.

Those aren't pants, they're camel toe socks.Too sheer, too schmear, what nonsense is this?

Pics or it didn't happen.

no picture.....just great !!!

i think i can be a judge to that, male pig here

Why are there no pictures?

1% of the women should wear Yoga Pants in public. The rest....er, no. Just no. Men, take a hint also, ditch the Speedo.

No such thing as yoga pants that are too revealing!

No such thing

It's nothing to be em"bare-assed" about....

Just do your gym in the nude like the ancient Greeks.  What's the big deal?Makes me want to sign up for a yoga class and sit in the back row.

camel toe is not a pretty sight when it looks like a arbys beef sandwich

I guess this is where the terms "plow pose" and "downward dog" come from?? Sorry I couldn't resist.

lulu not likey (jealous) by Muslim BIG girls hiding under their tents they chose to wear? On second thought-until Muslim females learn to bathe-keep that stuff covered up...in fact seal the bottom of your tent if possible

Moose Knuckles

Yoga pants...If some of the women who wear these pants really knew how many brain cells are destroyed in people seeing them...they wouldn't dare step into public...

How can they post two pictures a dy of a Kardashian and not put pictures of other stories?

camel toes are free

pays to advertise,  the typical mixed yoga class agenda is phonier than an Obama news conference, ...well..., almost

Obama promised us "transparency"...but we thought it meant something else...These pants will eventually become the company's best seller.

Depends who is wearing them!!!!!!!! It could be WIN BIG - LOOSE BIG situation. LOL

I reserve the judgment that they are too revealing until Yahoo puts some damned pictures up.And no fat girls either, hotties only.

since most fat women wear them............indecent exposure laws should come into play !!

We wont have to look at 30" wide #$%$ in see through pants.

Just when I have a reason to actually go to a stupid Yoga class, this has to happen.

Way to go Yahoo.  Big headlines but not a picture.

I will have to LOOK into this very HARD!

Picture?

I think such deficiencies should be encouraged.They need to repackage and market them to slu-uts as evening wear

It figures, the one time I actually want to see a Yahoo video on a topic they don't have one....... Thanks for nothing Yahoo

They should have re-labeled as "see through" and charged more.

this company is owned by Warren Buffet,

Should make it a bigger seller!

No complaints from the Male Alliance for a Hotter America

What? No picture?

Should have just named them "Hello Kitty" pants and they would have sold like hotcakes...

i cannot believe that the news has stooped this low

Goddahmn you Yahoo News, I want pictures !!!!!PICS or GTFO

Trick them into exposing the camel toe. Another, why didn't I think of it!

no photo?!?guys do so love  yoga pants!

Best. Pants. Ever.

"That means there will be a temporary shortage of its black Luon pants and crops"This catastrophic news comes so close behind the Cyprus banking fiasco! Hope the world can withstand two catastrophes in a row! BTW, they better be careful about the next batch of Luon pants, if they over-correct, customers may return them because they don't reveal enough!

I am glad Lulu Lemon is being transparent on this issue....

Now, no one make a crack.....

Lululemon. Bad company. Worse owner. Use the google and check out Chip Wilson and Lulumelon.

i'd like to go on record as saying that, in general, i have no objection to sheer yoga pants.

On second thought, given some of the women I see at the gym, forget I said that.There is no such thing as "too sheer!"

What about all those extra "revealing" Lane Bryant stretch pants??!!

The only problem I see is who is wearing them.  Some fat pig in a pair of too sheer yoga pants, yeah, a problem. Some young hottie in a too sheer pair, no problem here.

Lululemon should have just rebranded them as Asspants or Sheer Buns.

Yoga pants that are too revealing is like saying they had to pull food off the shelves bc it tasted too good

Please don't tell me these yoga pants come in any size bigger than medium.

Great PR move by this company.  Their name is everywhere now and sales will go up.  Contrived media at it's finest.

Boooo!  All I know is whoever invented them black leggings things deserves a friggin gold medal or something!  These chicks might as well walk around naked, it's awesome!  Too bad I noticed this winter that the oldies and delightfully plump ladies have started wearing them.  So I'm sure the fad will be gone soon.  :*(

"a wait-and-see approach..."Pictures please...

Am I the only one who has absolutely no problem with see through pants?Wish they had a pic showing the cameltoe position (Y)

Who would have thought that they become revealing when trying to squeeze into something that is several sizes too small?

Need some photos for illustration purposes so I can judge if it is a problem or not.

Do they look to thin hanging on the rack at the store or just after they are stretched over the product? LMAO

Yoga classes filling up with men all of the sudden.

They're "too revelaing" because a person who is a size 12 is wearing a size 4 pants and the material reaches it's elasticity limit

Word is Madonna has put a bounty on fifty pairs.

Pictures at 11 on Eye Witness News.......lol

I bet there is a run on the stores to buy these. Let's face it, there's a certain segment of women that want to flash their vajayjay to John, Jim and Jack.

Why don't they advertise them as being "special clothing for special people" and charge more for them?No photos??

Toe of a dromedary or bactrian?

How else are you going to get guys to go to a yoga class full of women

Thank God for Lululemon cameltoes and moose knuckles!!!

Is this some kind of yoga crackdown?

Couldn't they just pull all of the plus sizes and leave the rest?

I think it's all a ploy. You are telling me that a product was developed and put to market without a model showing it off first? What a load of #$%$, they knew what they were putting out from day one.

OK so one line of pants has a specification snafu and the stocks plummet-really?  Nation of nitwits we are.

This story is useless without photo's!

''Yanked'' is right....lolPictures cost money so photographers can be paid. Yahoo! is cheap on labor and all the money is supposed to go to the executives in America anyway. Oh, and don't tax them because they're "job creators."

They are swimming against the outgoing tide of moral decay if they pulled them for the reason stated.

I love yoga classes. There are twenty hot, sweaty women sticking their rear in your face, and, maybe three men in the whole class that are hiding in the back of the room.

Now LuLu acting like the government in deciding whats appropriate for you to wear. LET THE CONSUMER DECIDE, boycott LuLu.

I want pics so i can judge for myself.

Too many cameltoes when you are doing the Asanas?

yikes!

Photos.

perhaps lulu should have looked into Huntsman Textiles - HUN.  HUN does Victoria Secret's dyes.  nice.    (Mr. Bass’ Hayman Capital Management had a total of $160 million assets under management as of the end of December 2012. The biggest buys were Huntsman Corporation (NYSE: HUN), Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. (NYSE: NSM), and Tempur Pedic International Inc. (NYSE: TPX).

As if the women didn't know they were advertising their lady parts.Nice job of hiding where they are made. Chinese prisons?

As a man who enjoys women in yoga pants....this is an outrage!

this article is meaningless without photos ^ ^

THANK YOU LULU FOR NOT SHOWING ANY PHOTOS! half of americans are morbidly obese. families, kids, pets have diabeties, cancer, osteoporosis, stroke, heart attacks from shoveling in tons of FDA cheese, pigs, cows, chickens, turkeys. the rest of us are puking from looking at all the slothful gluttonous morbidly obese in America

This is a bad thing?

Thank you. I really don't need to see every... single... womans.. clam, especially the fat mexicans with the muffin tops and big ol fat tetties..

Too revealing? Never. Come on Lulu, keep revealing.

Why recall? it is sexy! just leave it!

Well, mistakes happen.  The important thing is that when they found out, they moved quickly and decisively to fix the problem.

I hate the yoga attire every female seems to wear these days whether going to the gym or not.  I have seen a number of 20 somethings in these pants that were clearly see thru, looked away hoping they at least were wearing undergarments-most don't.  The pants can make an attracted rear look bulbous and celulite ladies yuck!  Leave them at the gym and find some kind of undergarment to wear under otherwise get out the sweats!No pix?

Sheer? If you see the coochie then its 'club wear' for the evening. Any hour up until 8PM, it's (gasp), 'too revealing'. Women are so strange about appropriateness.

yaga pants are the best invention ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!nothing like seeing a #$%$ in some yoga pants

Fire the marketing director. They could have charged double for the see-through version.

If you wanna see those sexy pants and round butts, do your homework, google it. :)

Now that's the way to clear out the existing inventory!  Sheer genius!  Sales numbers are too revealing to share!  Store shelves stripped of scandalous pants!

Having worked in the downtown of a major metropolitan area, yoga pants that are a bit see-through is the least of the problem. The latest trend in womens fashion is black leggings or tights. Unfortunately (or fortunately, depending on your perspective),  many women fail take into account the angle of light that turns solid black into transparent pantyhose, giving the entire world a peek at what they're wearing (or not wearing) under their tights.

Recall hejj.

PS...Ship the lot to my address.  I can sell them...trust.

Why wast a good thing?  Yoga is very sexy, nothing wrong with an "erotic" collection.  Turn what you thought was a loss into a gain Lulu.   I love them pants!!!!!!Wow, they are like invisible. You can't even notice them!

The idea of yoga-specific clothing is rather ridiculous in the first place.

Im sure if you go to walmart you can see a fatty in these

Create a "sexy clothes" website, double the price of the yoga pants, make a killing.

I knew there was a problem when the line was called Camel Toe

Wow - sounds like a lulu of a lemon.

Make them invisible, nobody will have a problem with that. Stock price should be surging.

Let's let the people decide. Post a picture!

The problem with jeggings CONTINUE!

See em as you sink em.hmm...they must be invisible pants cause i don't see 'em!

anyone who has a problem with revealing yoga clothing should attend a coed nude yoga class... lol..... there nothing like a session in the buff to help you get over your phobia of nudity... and after that, it will be easier to undress for your doctor's visits too!

I think they are just right!!!

Show me some cameltoe!!

Where are the photos?

Where are the photos? We need proof!

no such thing as to revealing

What??? This recall is almost as stupid as TSA recalling the body scanner. I would recall only if the camel has 3 toes.

oh man i see TOO many chicks wearing yoga pants that don't fit them properly and look sheer because their behinds are WAY to ginormous..... ugh just looks nasty....

I was hoping to get a pair for my wife.google yoga pants hotties

Hey ladies. I see your toes and no Im not looking at your feet. hehe

Read the lips...they LOVE their Lululemon &lt;G&gt;

So I guess one goes commando in these pants; otherwise it would be "I see England, I see France..."  No surprise on the lack of QC from Asia.  I worked for an importer and the garbage they throw in the shipping containers should be turned back at port, but the greedy retailers sell it anyway.

"Butt....butt....butt....we didn't mean to...." ~Lululemon

"Cowen analyst Faye Landes said that if there is any comfort could to found" - great proofreading.

this thread is worthless witout pictures

Yoga pants are one of the greatest inventions of our time. Thank you for loving yoga, ladies.

If I saw them I'm sure I would recall them too.

When I declined going with my wife to her Yoga class and she said "but there are lots of guys there" - now I know why.Make a note: Sign up for Yoga class tonight.

Don't take them off the market - just relabel them and sell them. Creative marketing, you know. Guys around the world will thank you. Please?

Yoga is not about sex, it's about finding inner peace.

What woman would have bought these without trying them on and looking in a mirror - let alone staring into her mirror at home for an hour before going to a public place?  They HAD to know you coud see through these pants.Also, so many women dress so that men will stare at them, and then they get mad when a man does actually stare!  Most of these women have no business wearing such tight pants.

The company now anticipates first-quarter revenue between $333 million and $343 million. Its prior guidance was for $350 million to $355 million. Gotta love number crunchers and they say the stock market is not a form of gambling.

........and this is a problem?

Seems they just shot themselves in the foot?

donkey likes poon tang

JUST when i was thinking about joining too.  oh well, pass the cookies.

Where is the pants?!They've always been too revealing-possibly because they hug every inch of a girl's body-and most girls choose to wear them with short tops!  Where are their mothers?

Slim yoga pants made in china should not be worn by american yoga devotees...

"a full refund or exchange" Yeah, women will buy three more pairs if they gett them some attention. Ain't kidding no one.

What?  No picture?  Not worth reading the article.

And some of the ladies actually go commando in our classes.. I have no problems with it either.

I told the girls in my yoga class that I was not deaf but I could read their lips. Maybe now they will listen.

Anyone who thinks men and women are the same, needs to read the comments here.  I love it!!

They are only too revealing if the person is wearing too small a size for her body!

dam you mean I can`t check out those awesome Camel Toes between there legs, thats really going to ruin my day HEY LADIES GIMME SOME OF THAT CAMEL TOE

Must have showing too much "Camel Toe"!!Bummer, would have made for a nice summer !

"Sam Poser of Sterne, Agee &amp; Leach advised clients to take a wait-and-see approach" And that is exactly what I will be doing in my next yoga class 8-) LOL

so, what's wrong with revealing yoga pants? nothing unless you are fat.

I suspect on a 20yo women that's 36-26-36 they might be fine.  But on Chaz Bono they might not be.

This may very well be the BEST COMMENTS I have ever read on Yahoo!

I can't decide whether to love you or hate you Amanda Casgar re: "...to avoid camel toe."  -- Love you for your candor and hate you for making yoga pants that 'spoil' the best part!

celebs  like  inane things!!  now they creating a shortage  and these  cheap pant  will  go to 5oo  bucks a pair  so the kardashians  can parade in them...

I LOVE those pants.

Women do look good in those  :)

Come on Yahoo, a photo would be nice.America is a prudish country!

sell them to the nudist as winter wear.

Always ruining a good thing..... Dang.

time to sign up for yoga!

What I've heard is that in order to return the pants, you must first model them to prove you have a sheer pair.

Yeah they sound totally 'now' - what's the problem?

A picture would have been worth a thousand words.

time for politicians to jump on the band wagon,,,,,make  big speeches about banning yoga pants,,,,

watch them sell out within a week.

It is because they are just the skin hugging stretching pants marketing as yoga pants. When the fabric stretches like when you bend over, I can see through your rear and all.They should be able to sell these pants to women in the middle east, just change the name to "Cameltoe"

I want to see it .... in  .... SOFIA VERGARA .... yummy yummy.... !!!!  wassassandria .... !!!!!

Ah, good lord... it's always something people are b---hing and moaning about, however I will admit that Yoga pants are sexy.

Fabric quality has been an issue for about twenty years.  The fabric quality since outsourcing to foreigners has left us Americans with warehouses full of fabric only good enough forcrafting;  garment-quality fabric, impossible to find.  Another intentional ? greedy ploy to force us to buy ready-made clothing ?  Those of us skilled enough to create clothes we love havebeen out-of-luck for the longest.

Pictures, we need pictures!

But I like thin stretchy yoga pants!  Help!!  Bring them back - this is a crisis !!!

Pics or it didnt happen

Hot chicks in yoga pants...NICE! Fat chicks in yoga pants, EWWW

great pr stunt! Sincerely -The Brave Unicorn

Thank you Yahoo!!I I don't  want people seeing ALL my  goodies especially Shark Man &amp; Cooper Anderson!Leave us yogis alone.  Wearing revealing yoga pants is no big deal.  We are all adults in my yoga class.

So people just buy stuff without looking at it first? Stupid consumers. How is this "news"?

The strippers who wear them don't really care.

Who is the director of marketing for Lululemon? Too sheer, please. Panty hose are sheer and they sell. I mean It's not like non-sheer yoga pants leave a hell of a lot to the imagination.

I see nothing wrong with them!

I think that a market could have been found for them.

Heard Kartrashian is buying them all up before they're pulled off the shelves.

YUP.... We're going to need picture PLEASE ! ! !

PICTURES...you jerks at yahoo are makin me mad

The glorious "Camel Toe"Yep, what's good won't last.

Idiotic news to go on top of the list of news.... I'm dumber now after reading this&gt;&gt;&gt;it's only yoga pants...  WHO CARES???????!!!!!!!

I can't have an opinion on this unless I see a close picture.  Preferably one while a shapely young lady is demonstrating the "downward dog" yoga pose!

( Y )

These are the "groove" pants they sell FYI

Drat - let it all hang out

I'm guessing upon hearing that, many woman will be scooping all they can get their hands on!

A thong underneath would make them look just right...

Willie Robortson is going to be very upset. Quack Quack

the more reveiled the better, now days the young love to flaunt their #$%$, walk behind young men thinking the next step they take their pants will fall off, thats when they pull them up again. women are showing their #$%$ and #$%$, even older women wear ungodly low tops.  flaunt them now because those #$%$ are on you for a reason  use them or lose them.  spend big money to get half dressed, go bare and don't worry about buying leaves.Yoga clothing should be comfortable, stretchable and not "see through". The movement from stretching, sweats, and let alone farts from those yoga fanatics should be taken into considerations. I wear my burkas each time I go to my yoga class. It's very appealing, comfortable and more stylish...lol..

yoga means yoked to - exactly what you dont want!

There appears to be a "major quality control problem" at AP. Did anyone even edit this article before it was posted?!

There appears to be a "major quality control problem" in Asia   You can repeat this statement for just about everything made in china

This is just silly! a PANTS recall? Are we going to recall mans bike shorts? OMG! No one wants to look at your 'fruit and nuts' jogging down the street! But what are you gonna do? I wear (to the beach and park) a mans sleeveless undershirt, white, no bra. I like it, I look fine in it;  I wouldn't wear it to the office! But it all depends whose wearing what. I certainly would not want to see someone in [this] with jellyroll fat and pendulous breasts! You decide what you want to wear. But if there ARE recalls, can we PLEASE take all mans plaid 'grandpa' boxers off the shelves? It's a start!

How about a close-up example pix?

How much you wanna bet they sellout of these and double sales of the sheer ones?  Publicity stunt.

Couldn't ya tell when you tried them on that there was too much camel toe showing? Then you don't buy them.

Return of the Camel toe

I was wondering why so many guys were starting to get into yoga. I thought as much. One only has to do a search for 'girls in yoga pants' on varous search engines to see what the 'excitement' is about. I heard an announcer on a local radio station saying how the girls in his yoga class left little to the imagination with the way they dressed and bent over. Y owzah! And I hear that high heat yoga makes those hot girls sweat and 'enhances' the experience even more.God I love yoga pants.

Why give them back? Some of these gals probably still want to keep them exactly because they are revealing.

Everyone always says Walmart only sells Chinese #$%$.  Well, Lululemon also sells Chinese made #$%$....but at a much higher price!!!

I don't see why this warrants a recall.  I say increase production and decrease prices

Who edits these articles????  YIKES

Lulu figured out how to give women the perfect heart shaped #$%$. They are everyones guilty pleasure. For the wearer and the viewer. Never eliminate perfection, especially when they can turn a bubble into a little peace of heaven.

It's only a problem if your #$%$ is 40 inches across or more.

they should have made them a niche product.

@ Jason:  lol.  This will just create more demand which is the likely motivation.

Advised clients to "take a wait-and-see approach"  Ha ha  - that is funny.Genius marketing ploy.

I really didn't see an issue with these pants.

Yoga pants are mans greatest invention...if you dont want guys staring at your #$%$ dont wear yoga pants lol...seriously though most you ladies loook amazing in yoga pants

Release the Kraken!

I always heard it paid to advertise.  I thought that's why they bought them...

This is America and not Saudi Arabia. Revealed too much? Who hasn't see a #$%$ so what is the big fuss. Pictures please.

In other news, Britney Spears and Lindsay Lohan were spotted camping outside an LA area LuLulemon overnight.

I have no honest clue how a gal can don those things and say to herself, 'Yeah. these are classy all the way.' Its like they watched Star Trek Voyager and said 'Seven of Nine, she's got style.'

It is talking them or it is talking TO them?  Who edited this?

...another example of prudish America.I've got stuff under my pants I don't even wanna see!

The peanut gallery is having a field day with this one...  Lol very sad story though...

I would need a few hundred photos to weigh in on this topic.

leave it to yahoo---no pictures

duh who cares  to shear and company goes in the #$%$

I'll be the judge of how revealing they are.

Lame Lame Lame, it's the only reason women love your yoga pants because they know they dive men and women crazy. You never eliminate hot! It's the only reason I thought your company was cool in the first place because you perfected how to make all women sexy in workout gear. You take away those pants and your just a no big deal work out gear company...I don't wear your products I just enjoy looking at them.

Just dont let fat chicks wear them

Yoga pants are a privilege, not a right.You need to work hard, and have some exercise and diet discipline to wear them.Too many women don't understand that.

kinda hard to put 250#s of #$%$ in a size 4i like their things, but why not make them here in the usa??? they couldn't possibly cost more than they already do....

The blood of Jerry Enriquez and Wilfried Knight are on your child labor produced clothes.  EVIL EVIL EVIL people run this CULT of judgmental bigots and neo-doochbagz.  WAL MART is more human than this satanic group.

This is a travesty. The stock deserves a 30 point haircut because of this.

Wearing underwear under them would solve the issue.

So this is considered newsworthy today? Hooo boy.

lol i guess women do not really care if they flashing skin

Where was Quality Assurance?

Any parent that would allow their daughter to wear these thing should have their butt kicked. Any one's daughter that would put these on is asking for trouble. Just read some of these comments.

females should be required to shive off all their pewbec hiar and fanny hole hare

We've got bush. WE'VE GOT BUSH!!!Who complained?  Seriously?

Its more sheer because women's butts have gotten bigger, stretching the material beyond it's design capability making life worth living for guys who love booty.  what a travesty.....

They're too sheer! And for THAT they're recalling them? Wear somehing under them for goodness sake (shorts, etc.).I mean really!?

I don't see the probably here ...

cameltoes and #$%$..giggidy giggidy

Yoga, a great exercise that helps find and prepare for new sexual positions.....

"people of walmart" on Youtube or just go there and watch "Obamacare WIC crew" in action.

Never seen a woman or girl yet who actually looked good in them.  Wish they would go away.

Can people just embrace the human body and stop worrying about if parts of it show?  If we wouldn't make such a fuss about these kinds of things then they would be no big deal.

Where, oh where is the photo?Sounds like a good thing...

Hmm...This might be worth looking into.

I had no problem with them.

any pictures of the defect?

keep selling them.  guys will definitely buy them for their girlfriends!!

who would complain about such thing???????? gay men  lol

I'm sure guys wouldn't mind seeing them on us

PICTURE'S, DAMN IT PICTURE'S !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Are people not wearing underwear under these yoga pants? Sounds like they're throwing the baby out with the bath water.