Sounds more like he's running from something worse.

Yeah, he was running from special ops, he probably saw how OBL ended up and decided he'd be better off in some cushy Euro-jail.

He obviously knows he's a dead man in Africa. I say give him back to those seeking justice there.

Sounds like the actions of a desperate man.

Chances are that the defeiting army would shoot him on site.

This coward gave no justice to his countless victims during 20 years of terrorism, yet now he thinks HE deserves justice? (NOT!)

shows that we still have a little bit of what america use to stand for. that we are not like rebels and insurgents, we are not like he is. we do not kill for killing sake.or at least, that is how i use to know the u.s. to be.

Why the US embassy?

Someone is out to kill him and he offer to surrender to save his own life.

So what are they going to do with war crime suspect?

any "justice" or "punishment" extracted from/upon him lets his backers sail away to their caches of wealth. the minerals he smuggled weren't raw coal but diamonds. the rape and wealth of Africa's mineral wealth rides on many a socialite's ear.Too bad they're not indicting the Europeans who are fueling third world ethnic wars with weapons sales...I guess that would hurt the stocks.

I wonder what he's up to?

I wonder if he was named after the 'real' Bosco?

So, which Hollywood star will portray him on film?

If you do a crime in a country, you should go to the jail in that country. How about that?

So this bloody-handed excuse for a human being has finally run out of friends willing to hide him and begs to be tried in a European-based court. What a shock.

Sumbich should just fall on his sword.

He knows a prison in the West is better than how he lives now. He does not want to go to a jail in his country or be executed by his own countrymen.

Let the locals have him!

Save the money of a trial.  Drag him through the streets and let the people get justice for what this pig didI wonder what he was attempting to avoid by turning himself in... That he could go right to the embassy before being arrested is pretty interesting.

Another BLACK MAN making slaves for the world. The original slaves were obtained and sold by other blacks! When will people realize what, where, when and how SLAVERY began! The first slave owners in America were black men! Don't believe me? Better research that!

The "Democratic Republic of the Congo." ba-dum-DUM-TSH.

I'm surprised that didn't put a sack over his head and fly him straight to an undisclosed prison somewhere.

I wonder if he doled out the mercy he is hoping for.  Doubt it.

So, what does the ICC want to do with Ntanga? 60 hours of Community service. If he is guity ofeven a part of the things listed; death is too quick and eternity isn't long enough..

"Bosco"??  BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

why isin't he dead?

Owebama surrenders?

Just shove him out the door and lock it..  The crowds will take care of him..His testimony may shed light on which nations provided military aid while publicly denying their involvement. So many countries and factions are involved, the ICC may be the best venue rather than  a kangaroo court -- or summary execution on the tarmac.

no no no no no no no,  yes he is here....

Give him to his foes in and let them light a tire fire around his head.

He's just trying to get out of being tried in his own country (if he even manages to make it to trial there).  Send him back to Congo...

he wants to go to the Hague? I think he is about to spill the beans.

Burn him at the stake and scatter his ashes to the wind .

I wonder what secret goverment  team went in and "helped", him surrender himself?

US Embassy... I thought that was to help US Citizens..?

The icc has no jurisdiction on american grounds ask any sovern with knowledge of law i guess we are the safe bet everyone knows 14 to 16 year olds are the ideal fighting force and it all has to do with living for the second and sleeping to forget

Coward!Take him out into the jungle, tie him to a tree, douse him with blood, and let the lions decide what should happen to him.

He only turned himself in because he would be killed other wise!

The only hope for Africa is to get rid of the borders the Europeans set up in the 19th century and let the borders represent tribal boundaries.  Many countries in Africa are the equivalent to having the KKK, Black Panthers, Asian Pride, and the Crips and the Bloods all living on the same street.  Never gonna happen, though.

And just think while this good news happened in the Congo, Robert Mugabe, the criminal President of Zimbabwa now sits untouched in Italy, with the Vatican and the Italians not arresting him under the warrant issued by the International Criminal Court for "Crimes Against Humanity".   Italy and the Catholic Church should be ashamed of themselves.

I always thought it's be cool to have  'African Warlord' on my resume. How does one go about getting into the field ?

Sounds like he has already been tried, convicted &amp; sentenced already.

Maybe a conscience?   What tragedies and deep harm wars and ethnic hate creates for generations.   Racists everywhere need to listen to what they are contributing.   And we need some ways to heal the disease of racism I think is nearly always a projection of family or early life issues onto strangers.  That they project does not fit the scapegoats but you can't tell them.   If you really get into the truth, that's the way to turns out.  This guy thought he was fighting evil and then he used evil to fight.  Very hard to resist it sometimes.   Scary.  Grace is mostly all that's between us and that.   Every day.

So why was the Obama administration and the embassy officials denying he was there earlier today?

The US did little to stop him before, why save him now?

Thanks ObamaKick him back across the border and let them deal with him.

I wonder what made him surrender...he's played both sides against each other for decades and suddenly quits? Interesting...

If he is as bad as they say who is he running from!?

Savage. You know what to do with them.

"The Terminator" sounds like he wants a movie deal like Arnold.

Sweet life from this point on

Did he get a free bowl of soup with that hat?

If the U.S. justice system gets a hold of him. He will have rap song released in a few months. The lyrics will have something like I rape I kill and I take no prisoners. Pelosi will rehabilitate him and he will be ready to mix in society and will make millions off his song. That's what the pacifist in this country wants.

So, he wants a cushy imprisonment, probably to prevent being killed.  Has lots of $$$'s stashed.  Waiting for it tall to blow over.Execute him now.

I don't believe people who are guilty of such crimes would ever give themselves up !!!! I think it's a mistake . Most of these people are hunted down &amp; killed after a trial, like EichmanThe way things have gone so far for this guy he'll end up living in LA with impunity.  Please shoot him now while there's still time!

It's good that he turned himself in.  It shows that he recognizes his crimes, his willingness to answer for his crimes, and his willingness to let justice be served upon himself.  A monster he might be, but I do give him credit for his modicum of integrity.  Can't say the same for other African warlords.

let him go and faces with the streets peoples they might treath him well .... he may deserved..

His goose is cooked.

He knew we had him in the crosshairs of our Drones.  Rant Paul is displeased by this!

Amazing what people will surrender to, when they run out of food.

After all this, now he gets a chance to migrate to The Hague and get a slap on the wrist for his sentence.

Let's see how many dumb fuhcking FOX watchin' sister fuhckers make Obama references.

Well there goes the $42 in taxes I paid last year!

Funny he didn't ask to go to USA!  He is running from the REAL bad guys!!Obama will probably bring him to the white house as an adviser.

just another DFN..................

'The U.S. now needs to make sure he faces justice for these alleged crimes....'The UN votes against US interests constantly, how is this our problem?

Great.....another round of civil war, innocents dying, child soldiers, people with arms and/or legs hacked off, and who knows what else....

the brother Obama wishes he never had...

Embassy official said staff were "shocked" by his sudden arrival. If this has to do with the intelligence that ran our Libya embassy, I'm not.

Just when his dream of becoming a community organizer were about to be realized.

I wonder how many arms he bought from the US during his reign of terror?

There things in Africa far worse than a "fair trial" or a legal execution. Party's over.

He should kill himself.  It worked for Hitler and Eva Braun and would save us a lot of trouble.God bless him.  I pray he find Jesus.  When you obey God that is when life gets exciting and happy and people call you blessed.

Bosco?? LOL

Take it out back and shot it.

lol, never had I been so convinced that Republicans do not support habeas corpus until I started to browse the yahoo comment threats.Interestingly enough, these are the same people who so adamently support the death penalty.So sad.

So any yahoo p.o.s. can walk into a U.S Embassy and make demands regarding their wishes to surrender and now drag the U.S. into this mess?  Why?Here is what I propose he be told....."Sir, you are not a U.S. Citizen; we have no interest in your matter and if you fail to leave, you will be arrested for trespassing."  Wouldn't that have been a better way to handle this matter?

Where's KONY?!

He will become Oblameo's new Homeland Security Czar!

Funny how the so-called ICC never goes after the rich crime families (eg.: the Rockefellers,the royal families,and the Morgans ) whose impolicies are murdering thousands every damn day around Everybody's Planet via their treasonational financial institutions and captured governmental bodies . . . ------- theyrule dot net

In a few weeks he will be out on bail walking the streets of New York..

Gonna be a hangin'!this ia because he already worked out a plea bargain: reduced he charge to carrying without a permit; going into witness protection for giving evidence vs other gang leaders; sentenced to probation in an anger management course in lieu of prison

Europeans will make sure he is treated like a king.  Disgraceful!

Good, I don't care where he goes as long as he's tried.  Like the article said, the US is not a signatory of the ICC.  They are thought to have been concerned that Kissinger would be prosecuted.  I think that's why he surrendered to the US embassy.  He knows they have no obligation to turn him in.

if obama had a son

Oh just bring him to New York and they will figure out that his mommy was mean to him and his dad was never home, so he can't be responsible.

Just another black man from Africa. No new news nothing different from the rest of them. Maybe poor, comes from a broken family. His mom will testify he was a good boy and Jesse jackson , al sharpton and the NAACP will run to help and promote the black agenda. Is it no coincidence 100% of the prison population in Congo is black? Call it culture, heritage or black power either way the story is told. Deny the facts all you want they stand true.

The U.S will probably bring him into the States........and make him president...........

I wonder what position obama will appoint him too?

Ya, he will be living here in luxury within a year while his trial takes 20 years...

Had he surrendered to Congolese authorities he'd have been flayed alive, slowly. In the Hague he'll have an eight-year trial and end up sentenced to 300 hours of community service.the ICC will have to add an additional charge.......being an African

Was Don Cheadle there?

Hang him high.

black violence.......shocking!!!!!!!

Ok so what did Obama promise to his long lost brother?

Hope the afro-Americans don't get any ideas.Mabe he could head up one of our Chicago gangs.he seems to be qualified........

See, "liking" and "sharing" Kony 2012 DID change the world.

claims he is related to barack hussein oboomoo

Sorry, out of respect for that countries different culture, hand him over to the government authorities.

He would rather face the ICC than waht aawaited him when the other side got their hands on him.  This was pure fear and self preservation.....Is he related to Obama?

maybe he converted to catholicism and now will be a servant of god

What about George W? When is he going to be tried for war crimes....?

Looks like a progressive freedom fighter seeking protection of his civil rights and comfortable retirement - good choice, General!

So now he want to sleep in AC control cell and eat three square meals a day ahh?.

Guess he doesn#t want be be tortured and hacked to pieces by his rivals.

The planet of the apes =BROTHER- BARACK HUSSEIN OBAMA .?

@Bill,      BROTHER- BARACK HUSSEIN OBAMA .?

He could be not the real perpetrator of atrocities and crimes but some guy within the group and one with a higher position in the rebel organization. He will need a very good defense lawyer at the ICC.

There are no angels: "Born in Rwanda, Ntaganda grew up in Congo before fighting alongside Rwandan Tutsi rebels who seized control of the small central Africa country, ending the 1994 genocide in which over 800,000 people died."Oooogaboogaboogabooga

Kill him.

I think h should be treated the same way he treat the little kids and women that he butcher and made sex slaves out of. He is one sick dude and needs no mercy from any of us!!!

I am thankful he turned himself in! And considering the magnitude of his crimes sounds like the ICC is the right place to start.

Very desperate alone with no friends

He's a dead man walking in Africa - no surprise he surrendered.  Smart move on his part.  He will be protected, tried, and sentenced at some point, but probably prefers that to certain death.

...looks like a nice guy...cut his nuts off and hang him upside down from a tree and let the gorillas play with him.

No way to run, justice is waiting for him.

his mind set "many american terrorists that killed civilians in iraq, pakistan, yemon and afghistan got away with being a war criminal i might get to party with other war criminals like #$%$ cheny, george w bush and barack obama"

He should spent the rest of his life in hell.so why did the rwandese gvmnt deny about his presence earli. Ali

They may kill him for his crimes in the Congo, but the ICC doesnt have the death penalty...do they...???

Push him back out the door and make him face his countrymen.

the man surrendered at the U.S. embassy, not to the U.S. gov't. he asked to be transfered to the ICC in The Hague were he will go on trial for crimes against humanity, the most probalereason for his surreder at our embassy is because he knows that the U.S. will not hand him over to the african country of the Congo, but instead will negotiate with Rwandan gov't toget him out of their country and to the Hague to stand trial as per Ntaganda's request, sincehe knew that we would do all we could to make sure that he is transfered to the Hague and nothanded over to the Conglese gov't were he also faces charges that carrie the death penalty.

Desparate man???that. Isn't a man, that's an evil stain , a coward as all subserviant leeches are.

He will be living next to you with a new identity!!!!

Hang him up by his balls and let the families have at him. It's only fair.

you are not a human being you are just a #$%$ go kill yourself.

I'd like to know what or policy is on something like that I here about US Embassies all the time would like to know more about there Policies and purpose not very educated in that area.

this man walk into a US Embassy someone in Africa wants him dead. that being said this man probably has enough Intel to keep him out of prison for ever he's not stupid he knows exactly what he's doing turning himself in to AmericaSmacks of cowardly sentiment

This guy fell on the sword for KONY like Hillary did for Barry Soetoro.  Waterboard him about KONY.  That's how Soetoro got Bin Laden.

... and why the F@#% do we want him? ... turn him over and save our tax $$$ !!

The bush crime family are warlords...how come they dont get sent to the congo too???  Obama too.  Imagine george w. (I got a load in my pants) bush gettin the #$%$ kicked out of him in some little village...by children.

he probably got c4 shuved up his  a s  s waiting for the right time boom

probably got c4 shop doctors #$%$

It seems Uganda and Rwanda wanted to eliminate him; hence surrender to authorities that have no death penalty; Uganda and Rwanda leaders must be squeaking; he'll spill the beans!!

Hand him over to some of his victim's families and let them exact justice on him.

He must have been starving,no money and no safe place to stay so he picked the option of surrer because had the proper people bfound him they would cut him into pieces starting with his dip stick

How did this piece of #$%$ get into an American embassy without being stopped at the street.  American Embassies are for Americans not for skumbags like thisWar is bad i was in vietnam who is going to pay 50 some thousand got kiled blame russia china  where most of your stuff you buy instead of ours could blame you to.

Slap a mole on him and call him a Winan look a like.

Put him in a locked cell with a chair, a table, and a gun with one round in it.  Toss the body into the street.

Since the Hague has NO death penalty, of course he wants to be turned over to them.  If we turn him over to the Hague whats next. turning Americans over to non American authority.

Give him back to his own people, not our problem.

I fear Africa will be chaotic and bloody all because of cowardly leaders and danger threats from foreign powers

I wonder if Genral Butt Naked is a wanted man as well. He must be. Him and his kid army fought in the nude.

Throw him back into the jungle so those that are looking for him can get justice !

Why he wants to give himself up to the Hague when he can simply make a request for asylum in the USA.

This is a monkey issue, but I say - 'give him to his monkey VICTIMS'.THAT would be 'real' justice.ICC spokesman Fadi El-Abdullah said the court would put in place all necessary measures to ensure a swift surrender. Really? What part of his walking in and surrendering did they not understand. Just another reason the ICC is anemic. He belongs to the U.S. to with as they please.

Execute him. Simple as that.

They keep on mentioning "mineral-rich". I think the U.S. has other motives for interfering. But that's just my guess.

shoot in about a week he will be sitting down for a beer summit with obumma

Why the u.s. ? Oh thats right he will fit right in with the rest of the illegals here and get his citizen ship and untill all the free stuff we are doing for them now.my bad .

The US should not have accepted his yellow livered cowards surrender! Let him find his own hideout and let those he wronged get their due revenge!

SHOT THE DOG

He turned himself into the Country that has the most fair Justice system in the WORLD......for Child killers, Kidnappers, Murderers, Genocide compassion, Butchers of humanity, cowards, rapists, arsonists..etc...liberal America has sympathy for guys like him...perfect...i say send him back into the Jungle

dead Nigro walking

About time this #$%$ has to face his actions..If I were a war criminal, I'd surrender at the U. S. Embasy too. We're the same country that let O. J. and Casey Marie Anthony walk, so we shouldn't have a problem with a guy who butchered a couple of thousand innocent people.

If I were a war criminal I'd surrender to the U. S. Embasy too. A country that lets Casey Marie Anthony and O. J. walk shouldn't have any problem with a guy that murdered a couple of thousand of innocent people.