Was this event in D E T R O I T?

Ballot rigging in Kenya?  Surprise, surprise!  This is shocking!

We have problems with Kenyan elections here in the united states.

Man be youself, why court, take machete and forward.

Look it's Bathhouse Barry and Moochie!

The irony is rich.

Wadda family...obozo and odingo....!

no worries the supreme allah will take over his home country and make it a US statehood......oh wait he already did.....

is this guy related to Obongo?

give kenya their idiot back.odinga or obama... birds of a feather.Odinga's Obama's first cousin.

Odinga sounds like a porn star's name...

Why do we give a rats rip about Kenya?   Oh Yaaaaa......the connection.

This guy is Obama's cousin...are you surprised at his politics? I'm surprised that he isn't living here on welfare like his aunt &amp; uncle.

Hey, Odinga, go on back home and suck it up, Loser.

Sounds like what OBAMAS UNION THUGS did in November.  But Eric Holder refuses to investigate democrat voter fraud.

Why are we talking about a place called Kenya, only cuz our president was born there I gues

Ballot rigging?Sounds like an election under the Oumbama system

what a coincidence, Odinga is what I call my ahheeeem!!!!

Kenya is lucky, their ODINGA lost. Unfortunately, our ODONG-A won.Odinga,Obama,Osama. How do you tell them apart anymore? It's getting really tough to keep track of who's in charge of what.

Odinga vs Kenyatta over 5000 meters on the track. That would settle this.

Look at that headline pic can you imagine what it smells like if you were there.

I suppose Odinga is Irish like Obama!  Belly up boys.

You have started again!  When will African leaders learn to aspect political defeat and aspect peoples choice?

Gee, why do you think we get constant political news from Kenya?  It couldn't be the White House plan to perpetuate the "gentle Kenyan father" myth, could it?

Bo dango kadingi obami odinga.

send odingo obama to be the nodingo inga by golly dingo bat and last of all the best goat herder in all the land

Over confidency, caused odinga defeat...thinking becoz Uhuru has a case with hague, kenyans wont vote him !! To Odingas suprise,, it seems kenyans gave uhuru  sympathy Votes...it will take odinga time to believe and accept ! Actually he may instead end up in hague himself !!! Omg !

Did ACORN get involved in this election, too?Is there any free and fair election in africa befor?

Haa! Obinga Doingla!

Perhaps Obama will send arms for the Odinga rebels in Kenya...

If the odingas couldnt trust themselves with votes, who were created by God, Really they expected to trust the election computors, machines created by man with votes??? And why does Odinga really Imagine he won or else nobody won??? Yet he knows verywell how tribal their voting in kenya is , and the percentage of his tribesmen to that of Kenyatta?? Where did odinga expect to get other votes ??! If not stealing or rigging also?? How sincere is odinga??

Too bad Obuma can't go back to his homeland and run for office - though they don't have enough credit to allow him to go 12 trillion in debt in 8 years like he will in the US

Odinga, Odama, Obama Ofuck...

At least they don't have illegal immigrants moving there...Right, Obama?..

was this event in oakland california??????

looks Like a Bunch of Obama Voters to me.....

Wait for next election !! Leave kenyans to go ahead ! U were born a vice accept that, its even better ! History repeats it self Calm down..odinga relax !Nothing but a bunch of animals in the jungle.  God please don't let any more of the low life come to the US.

Odinga accept defeat.. U blame yourself.. You blundered by negociating and accepting Prime ministerial post,..! That was the begining of yr own riggiging against yr vote !! Kenyans and voters realized yr high appetite to become a Mukulumugongo!(chief)! so accept defeat, cool down and realise u were Connered not in Votes but the day u become Prime Minister of kenya...POLITICS IS HIGH IQ...

What an "OBAMANATION" !!! Kenya was, is , and will always be CORRUPT !!!! Not unlike Washington D.C., AND PAC $$$$$$$$$$$$$ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Odinga is obamas cousin. Ewwww! Corrupt corrupt

Ooh ok, I see, the guy is trying to ignite trouble in the middle of nairobi, , by pretending to go to court so that his supporters cause chaos and hell brakes out,,cunning and hypocriticaly pretends to calm them!!?? Very dirty heartless politics..let the high court shift the procedings to Kisumu...

Yawn, just another day in a 3rd world dunghole country, situated in a third world dunghole continent.  Violence and mayhem are the rule the of day, everyday.

And the sign that traffic was following normally is  enough sign that election is over and peacefully ! and people dont want chaos, dontwant even to know what the hell odinga supporters are doing at the high court !!! Want to go a head with their bizznes!! Voters get tired !

Odinga is Obama's cousin folks, in case you didnt know. bad seed, he is corrupt and its good hes gone.

Is this guys brother in Boston illegally from Kenya related to Obama's brother in Kenya?

he's not a porn star but a person who can never accept defeat. tried and lost three times. maybe next time he should just be declared winner without any waste of public time and resources on an election, since he gets into it with only an option to win.I would start laughing, but haven't done any better the last two elections. We have Election Dysfunction.

Let Odinga go home quietly and take a rest,rather than wasting time in court!

We have our own Odinga here.

owbozo will help his cousin....send him a couple more hundred million via the muslim brotherhood in egypt that we send billions to

Even if odinga wins the case, unless he has a perfect plan to massively rig the rerun election, he is going to miserably lose again, and cause Kenya to spend billions in another  unnecessary election. My bet is his plan is to continue stirring his supporters and keep tensions high in Kenya untill they reach the breaking point where clashes break out. This would be exactly what he did in 2007 to get into power, and later his opponent ended being the one getting charged in the ICC for what odinga started. He will stop at nothing.

Odinga should be reasonable.After the ICC must have jailed Uhuru and his Vice-President,he will quietly come back to occupy the empty presidency!

Odinga or Obama supporters? Obama voters need to be tear gassed, maybe that would bring them to there senses.

who care about kenya's elections

Chicago politics at it again...promise them the world will be gay..worked in the USA and don't forget welfare...

Kenya people campaign on tricks and untruthsA chicken in every pot

Wonder why the Obama Odinga connection is not being exploited.  As I remember Obama campaigned for him which was supposedly against our laws.  But as usual it was ignored.

Here we go again I hope these will not end up with blood shed again.

Truth shall set you free..lets hope everything will be done honestly in the eyes of God.

Based on the photo, I'd say this rally was held in Chicago. In fact, I could see Obama. He's the chimp wearing the orange shirt.

we need peace in kenya ,kenya does not belong two tribe .AMEN,,,,,,,,,,,,......

Obama , Odinga with a crooked middle fingah.  Birds of a Feather and all that .

talk of ignorance.. Why cant one accept defeat..

we might go the Rwandan way for us to respect each other and stop this madness of vote theft each elections or else copy Sudan and let this thieves govern themselves

This country is no longer a Democracy, it is a fascist, corporate  bureaucracy.Insults only serve to make those who deal them out be found out as the imbecilic ingrates they are.  Every human was put on this earth to serve some purpose.  We all pray, for the good of all mankind.  Being judgmental is a sin, or so it says in the Bible you all hold such reverance for.

Glade that Kenyatta is confident that if the decision is not in our favour,then we are ready to face the electorate again.I believe the Judiciary is bold and just enough to handle this as any slip will push Kenya again into tribal anarchy.

I wish Mr .odinga will be a kenyan chosen president n not a president from 2tribes out of 42,justice be our shield

Sadly, Odinga has a difficult time accepting defeat.  He does have a right to question the election.  Hopefully he will honor his pledge to accept the findings of the court if the court does NOT rule in his favor.  If they do then I suppose there will be a run-off election between him and Kenyatta.  Either way it goes, it is important that violence does not become part of the equation.

I hpe the supreme court will do its best for peace to prevail.

Hawa wazungu waache ufala....wameflood hii site  kama ni ya baba yao... commentz zingine za kuaibisha...it kind of shows the immaturity status in most of these people using this site...wengi wao kutoka marekani

God our creator and our father Have mercy on us kenyans

"Democracy on trial".Amazing isnt it, In Nairobe, Africa, Democracy gets to be on trial in the "highest court", but in this country the highest court gets to circumvent Democracy, and put a war-mongering, racist moron in the Oval office, and to top it off, the uneducated, uninformed morons re-elect him.  Who is the savage now?

FLY-INFESTED NlGGERS!

nobody is asking help from westerners, so shut up and eat your burgers and pizzas and carry the weight of the world!Odinga won the election in 2007, but one tribe beliefs only them can rule. I guess one can win by manipulating the system. Just like  Al gore won in 2000, but the judges gave it to Bush. Odinga won in 2013, but they are determined to steal again.

Hawa wazungu waache ufala...

They turned his results upside down just the way they turned his poster upside down.

Accept defect and join hands together to buid a better part of kenya...

This is actually good news. Their country is seeking justice and democracy!! I wish we had it here in the U.S. Oh, that's right, we do. The Kenyan people are good people. I wish them well.

You're still a President-elect, Kenyata don't behave as if you are a President.

What obama got to do with this election,the majority of the people who  vote   for obama  were eductated white people,why so much hate for the man.............very  disgusting

UNCIVILIZED FILTHY KENYAN SHlTSKIN NlGGERS!

let the spirit of law take it place in kenya election petition tribunal court Hi, kenyata

he needs to be heard the truth is the election was not fair periodThe results as declared and recorded by IEBC contained wide spread instances of manipulation of the returns through manipulation of Form 36 and in some instances the votes cast exceeding the numbers of registered voters, in flagrant breach of the fundamental Constitutional principles. so legal challege ni "muhimu"

Odinga is for peace therefor doing what law dictats, God help him!

yahoo was defeated not odinga!

Guesswho seems u think more like an animal too.people who sound raciest are not  better than animals  bcoz animals are selfish and narrow minded.

Congratulations my fellow Americans, we now live in the only country in the entire world, probably the entire Universe, civilized or otherwise, that considers a corporation a "person".

......democracy is all about justice, respect of rights &amp;dignity among peace-ecosystem. big up HON; RAILA AMOLO ODINGA

Obama's relatives, as a proud member of the GOP I look at these savages and wonder if they are selling drugs or women, and if they are carrying a weapon!

Odinga - is that Obozo's cousin?

Odinga’s claim led to widespread fighting that killed more than 1,000 people in the weeks after the election, leaving more than 350,000 Kenyans displaced.While proving involvement is difficult, many in Kenya assumed the post-election violence was supported, if not organized, behind the scenes by Odinga and his Orange Democratic Movement party.In a horrifying incident following the election, at least 50 people, including women and children, were killed when an angry mob forced Kikuyu Christians into an Assemblies of God Pentecostal church and set fire to the church, hacking with machetes any of the Christians who tried to escape the flames.Obama raised $1 million for foreign thug’s electionDemocrat joined Libya’s Gadhafi among top contributors to OdingaSen. Barack Obama, with a donation of nearly $1 million, and a son of Libyan dictator Muammar Gadhafi were among the biggest contributors to the presidential campaign of controversial Kenyan leader Raila Odinga, according to an internal document !!

If you think riots like this will not happen in the US....think again. But, it will be worse because the riots will be about austerity measures that are imposed....ONCE YOUR GUNS HAVE BEEN TAKEN AWAY.......then try and protect yourself!!LOL so now will they send Obamas cousin to Hague for crimes against humanity? Doubtful, Odinga has diplomatic immunity , hes related!

The just concluded general elections in kenya were credible,free and fair.but one man Raila odinga think otherwise.he believes,any elections that he fails to win,must be rigged.kenyans spoke through the ballot,and they rejected you mr.prime minister.you are indeed the one who is putting democracy on trial.respect the verdict of the voters,of which you were one of them.try next time,perhaps you will be lucky

If his own supporters on the photo cant even carry the poster upright, - its upside down.How THE HEK could they even think straight WHEN VOTING ?? hahhaha !!!

Odinga, with a wimp name like that you would need protection...what a #$%$ name

When will Odinga realise, he is a drunkard, and should remove himself from politics and go into farming. This guy is always contesting results.Look you will not be given a chance to steal. Or eat as they say in Kenya

Did it say Obama supporters?