Insurance companies and lawyers, the only thing worse is politicians...

People like Mr. Knowles trying to pad his chance of winning big for himself -- which screws me and you ... and the shyster lawyers that represent crooked, golddigging individuals like Mr. Knowles are why insurance rates are so high and its so hard to get claims paid.  People like him want more than their fair share of the pie.  Just do the repairs and be done with it rather than wanting it done a special way and demanding it be paid for or else and wanting a settlement on top of the repairs.  Glad the SCOTUS slapped him down -- jack legs and their frivolous lawsuits are costing the average person an arm and a leg in increased costs!!

there is always someone trying to rig the system......

what a shocker the SCOTUS ruled in favor of big business over state rights.

"The Class Action Fairness Act."  Ha.   You can tell from the name it has nothing to do with fairness.  It is obviously a law designed to hijack legitimate claims out of state court and into federal court where the insurance industry reigns supreme.  The little guy takes it on the chin again.

It would help the general public if "news" organizations like Yahoo would EXPLAIN Supreme Court verdicts in language the average citizen could understand.Like it or not, the High Court is more and more intruding into our lives.  Having lucid explanations of their decisions, with real world examples, would help us out a lot.

Nice try by the lawyer for sure... keep it local where the people affected by the Insurance Co's "sue us to get what's rightfully yours" replies to a claim.Guess you'll have to just work a little harder in Fed Court and hope for a sympathetic jury.

The insurance company is attempting to save money by not hiring a general contractor.  Similarly, it is common for homeowners to save money on their home construction project by acting as a general contractor.   Apparently, the plaintiff knows more than a city's building department if the work done by the contractor hired by the insurance company passed inspection.

LaceyW are you a moron how simple do you need it