Watch ATT stock plummet fri after california and nevada employee's walk off the job for a long strike!!!

TEF

If you want potential big upside for 2013, Nokia now is a stock to consider. The stock has come down more than 90%. Now, the stock is only below $4, and it used to be over $60.Many catalysts, such as China Mobile deal, RIM´s continuous royalty payment, the coming Verizon´s team work with Nokia etc. make Nokia a BUY now, or you will probably miss the train.

Yahoo,Marissa. Your decision and feelings with DNT was a very wise and prudent move.If the consumer knows you have their best interest  and freedom to choose you will gain faithful consumer base to expand.You are headed in the right direction with mobile platform .I would advise to support Romney/Ryan as the Obama administrations goal is to rape the entrepreneur and penalize large company's for their profits,unless your GE or GMC.

Sprint's ok, but what about tech growth stocks?   I'm talking about the ones that will grow significantly.  Here's a link to an informative article and unlike others it explains exactly why the stocks will climb:http://seekingalpha.com/article/921751-understanding-the-future-of-solar

At&amp;T fell by more than 0.04.  It also fell by the amount of the dividend of 0.43 per share for a total of 0.47 per share.  One month from now AT&amp;T will pay the dividend of 0.43 per share.  Each stock holder pays his own dividend!!!  This is true of all dividend stocks, not just AT&amp;T.  The dividend is subtacted from the stock price on the ex-dividend date to prevent new buyers from "buying" the dividend.  But, buy and hold stock owners lose on this deal because there in no dividend----you pay it and then get it back later!!  Can anyone explain this to me as to how I gain a dividend.

virgin -owned by sprint offers, unlimited data and text 1200 min voice 40 a month no contract... switched from verizon 154 a month 2 gb...  sprint stock will climb.... its a no brainer!

CTL makes unauthorized third party billing on your bill.  I had to call the Virginia attornry General office to stop the practice via another dept.

Look at what CNBC Fast money says about Sprint.  Look at what Mad Money Cramersays about about Sprint (S)

I had t-mobile for 12 years and went with sprint because i wanted unlimited data, even though i probably don't use more than 200mb a month, i don't want anyone telling me how much of something i can or can't use.I own Sprint.  It has growth - sold 1.5 million I Phones last quarter and made a deal withSamsung this week.

CNSL gained. Why no coverage of this important company?

Isn't Century (CTL) a phone company? Why are they not posted here?

I LOVE Sprint,had my share of droped calls from the big V &amp; T

Unlimited data means very little to a vast majority of wireless customers. Sprint has hung their hat on this and people aren't responding. What they are responding to is their utter lack of vision regarding network buildout, and they are fleeing in droves. People by and large are happy with Verizon and AT&amp;T, as their cancel percentages are very, very low. Sprint and T-Mobile are caught in no-man's land: too cheap to build an effective 4G strategy, too expensive to compete on cost.

Sprint's unlimited data plan is a big plus but I believe a short squeese is in play becaused of the prior mentioned.

The fact remains that Sprint is the only U.S. carrier to offer new and existing customers the iPhone experience with unlimited data plans starting at $79.99 per month. An investment writer recently summed it up best: “Sprint now offers the best value proposition for a new smartphone user. I got my first smartphone on Sprint this fall because a new AT&amp;T or Verizon data plan, without being grandfathered in with an earlier, lower price, is outrageous. My plan includes 450 afternoon mobile-to-landline minutes, unlimited other minutes, and unlimited texting and data for $79.99. Unlimited AT&amp;T or Verizon plans would have approached $150, and to get a comparably-priced package, I'd have to settle on limited data or texting plans, which I'd have to constantly try to not blow through. Why get a smartphone if you can't have fun using it?”

Maybe consumers will begin to notice that AT&amp;T and Verizon = The Most Expensive Wireless Plans in America. We know where Verizon and AT&amp;T (both in the top 5 for corporate lobbying) get all that money to run commercials 24x7, pay out huge “fat cat” executive bonuses and hire armies of lawyers and lobbyists to try to push the U.S. market into a wireless industry duopoly -- the American consumer. This is how AT&amp;T and Verizon fashion themselves as brilliant … with their political use of money.According to the report “Corporate Taxpayers &amp; Corporate Tax Dodgers 2008-10,” two of  the 25 companies with the largest total tax subsidies were AT&amp;T at #2 ($14.5 billion) and Verizon at #3 ($12.3 billion). Also, there were 30 corporations that paid less than nothing in aggregate federal income taxes over the same period. These 30 companies, whose pretax U.S. profits totaled $160 billion over the three years, included Verizon. The report states the laws that allow this were not enacted in a vacuum, but rather were adopted in response to relentless corporate lobbying, threats and campaign support.

for att ceo   ralph   tell me you wont take a bonus this  year    have you ever hear of t-moble

For   your   Info . : Are  you  Verzion   Users    aware   of   45 %   of   The  Company  Owned   by  a  European  Nation  ; ?  For  those  people   Not   Wanting  to Help  Foreign  Countries , or  Nations   Companies ;  That's  what  your   Doing . !!